

Stone Cold
Book One in Music City Moguls Series

Cheryl Douglas

Copyright © by Cheryl Douglas
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, including photocopying, graphic, electronic, mechanical, taping, recording, sharing, or by any information retrieval system without the express written permission of the author and / or publisher. Exceptions include brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

Persons, places and other entities represented in this book are deemed to be fictitious. They are not intended to represent actual places or entities currently or previously in existence or any person living or dead. This work is the product of the author’s imagination.

Any and all inquiries to the author of this book should be directed to: info@cheryldouglasbooks.com

Stone Cold © 2013 Cheryl Douglas

Smashwords License agreement

This ebook is for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase any additional copy for each reader. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Stone Cold

Cassidy Ross just wants to escape her miserable life until she meets famed music producer, Drake Elliott. He’s everything a girl from the wrong side of the tracks would be foolish to hope for, but Drake helps her realize she can have a life worth fighting for… until she makes a mistake that could cost her everything.
Anyone stupid enough to betray Drake is destined to pay the price, especially when the culprit is wearing his engagement ring. He thought he could trust Cassidy, but when she proves him wrong he vows to make her pay.
Revenge is sweet, but redemption is sweeter.

Table of Contents 

Prologue 
Chapter One 
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three
Chapter Four 
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six 
Chapter Seven 
Chapter Eight 
Chapter Nine 
Chapter Ten 
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve 
Chapter Thirteen 
Chapter Fourteen 
Chapter Fifteen 
Chapter Sixteen 
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
About the Author 
Other Books by Cheryl Douglas
Coming Soon


Prologue
Drake Elliott couldn’t wait to kick his feet up, pop the cap on a longneck, and curl up with his fiancée. Ten gruelling days on the road and he’d managed to rearrange his schedule so he could surprise Cassidy by being home in time for their anniversary. They’d been together for one year, the happiest year of his life, and he intended to surprise her with the platinum and diamond bracelet tucked inside his suit pocket.
Sneaking into their luxury penthouse, he heard music coming from the master bedroom. He made his way down the hall and stopped dead in his tracks when he saw his lover writhing beneath… his identical twin brother, Lee.
“You son of a bitch!” he shouted.
Cassidy squealed and jumped off the bed just as Drake lunged at his brother. “You couldn’t stand the fact I cut you off. You had to get back at me by sleeping with my woman?”
“Oh my God,” Cassidy said, running to the bathroom. “I think I’m gonna be sick.”
“Get dressed and get out,” Drake shouted, grabbing his brother by the hair. He wanted to knee him in the face so he wouldn’t forget what he had done when he looked at his reflection in the mirror the next morning, but Drake knew he was probably too high to even feel the impact. “I don’t ever wanna see your face again,” he said, bouncing his head off the wood and iron headboard. “Don’t ask me for money. Don’t come crying to me about rehab.” He stalked toward the door. “You’re dead to me.”
He clenched his hands in tight fists as he walked in to the living room to pour himself a drink. Filling the crystal highball half full, he brought it to his lips. His hand trembled and the liquid sloshed over the edge of the glass, leaving a trail on his white Armani dress shirt, but he didn’t care about the shirt or the stain. He couldn’t get the image of the woman he’d given his heart to crying out in pleasure as his brother drove in to her relentlessly.
Leaning over the windowsill, his stomach cramped, making him feel sick. He didn’t even turn around when the door slammed behind him. He knew it was Lee running out like the coward he was so he wouldn’t have to face the consequences of his actions.
Their parents died in a plane crash when they were seventeen. His father owned a small aircraft and often took his wife on impromptu trips, but when they set out on a weekend trip to Las Vegas, no one would've guessed they’d never make it home.
The investigation deduced there had been an engine malfunction and the pilot couldn’t have done anything to prevent the crash. The only solace Drake found in the dismal situation was knowing his parents hadn’t suffered, and they’d gone out together, the way they would have wanted to.
His parents were high school sweethearts who’d been in love long before people suspected they knew what love was, and Drake’s father often told him that if something happened to his wife, he would never be able to go on without her.
The twins moved in with their maternal grandparents. Drake turned to music to drown his sorrows while his brother turned to cocaine. That decision marked the beginning of the end of the relationship that had been a lifeline for both of them.
Drake spent the last twenty years with one goal in mind: to become the most sought-after record producer in Nashville, rich and powerful beyond his wildest dreams. Lee’s goal had been to seek and find the next high. They’d both achieved their goals the hard way.
Cassidy walked out of the bedroom, her face streaked with make-up, her hair tousled, looking utterly miserable. “Drake, I—”
He held his hand. “Just answer one question. Have you been using again?”
She didn’t have to respond. He could see it in her eyes. When he spotted her performing at Jimmy’s bar eighteen months ago, he’d fallen in love with her at first sight, but it didn’t take long for him to realize she and his brother had more in common than he would've liked. He set her up in the best rehab facility, introduced her to the major players in Nashville, and gave her the best clothes and jewelry his hard-earned money could buy. Evidently, it hadn’t been enough incentive for her to stay clean.
“I can’t even stand to look at you,” he said, throwing back the rest of his drink. “Just get out.”
“Please…” She was sobbing. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t even know—”
He held his hand up. “I don’t want to hear it. I gave you everything and you repay me by screwing my own brother?” He knew that was a visual he’d never get out of his head.
Drake knew Lee was angry when he told him he wouldn’t continue to support his lifestyle, but he’d foolishly believed there was still an ounce of humanity left in him. He never thought he would try to hurt him using the one and only thing he knew would bring Drake to his knees. Cassidy.
He’d fallen for her fast and hard in spite of the warning bells going off in his head. Friends warned him, family members chastised him, but he didn’t care. He loved her. He was determined to help her get her life on track. She had one of the most incredible voices he’d ever heard and he knew with his help she could become a superstar. She was so close, and one unforgiveable mistake with a worthless piece of garbage like his brother derailed all of their plans for the future.
“You’d best go back to Georgia, ’cause I can promise you’ve worked your last day in this city.” He poured another drink as she sank down on the sofa.
She was wearing a short, black silk bathrobe that under different circumstances would’ve turned him on. He knew there was no way he would ever be able to touch her again without remembering his brother’s filthy hands branding her.
“Please don’t do this,” she whispered, doubling over as though she couldn’t endure the pain another second. “I love you.”
He threw the glass against the wall, sending chards of crystal careening in every direction. “You have the nerve to talk to me about love? You don’t know the meaning of the word.” He was shaking, the rage seeping into every pore. For a man who prided himself on being in control, he was losing it. He couldn’t even trust himself to be in the same room with her any more.
“Where are you going?” she asked, when he started walking down the hall toward the master bedroom.
He pulled the largest suitcase he owned out of the closet and tossed it open on the floor. Pulling her clothes from hangers, he began throwing them in randomly. “This is a hell of a lot more than the rags you came with, and more than you deserve. I should throw you out on your ass with the clothes on your back.”
“Please,” she pleaded, dropping to her knees beside the suitcase. “Don’t do this. Katie came over and…” She sobbed. “I… didn’t know… I missed you…” She was hysterical, trying to talk through her tears.
“You missed me?” he shouted, kicking the suitcase. “You show me you miss me by banging my brother?” When she dropped her head and continued crying, he slammed his open hand against the wall. “I should’ve known your sister had something to do with this.” He started throwing designer shoes and boots into the suitcase, not caring where they landed.
“She came here with stuff…” She wiped at the tears sliding down her cheeks. “I told her we should flush it, that I didn’t wanna go there again...”
“But you did. I should’ve known you weren’t strong enough to resist the temptation.” He reached in to his pocket and tossed the long, velvet jewelry box at her.
“What’s this?” she asked, her hands trembling.
“It’s an anniversary gift. Why don’t you sell it so you can buy more drugs?” He’d had it custom made for her and he knew he’d never be able to look at it again without wanting to wretch.
“It’ll never happen again, I swear,” she said, staggering to her feet. “I don’t want that life anymore,” she said, taking an unsteady step toward him. “I want you. I love you.”
“Shut the hell up,” he said, grabbing her arms. “I’ve listened to your lies long enough. I must’ve been out of my mind to believe you could change.”
“I have changed, Drake.” She braced her hands on his bulging biceps. “I changed because you believed I could be a better person. I wanted to make you proud.”
He couldn’t deny she had been working hard the past year and making her music a priority. They’d been working on her demo, and he was confident he could call in some favors and get her the record deal she’d been dreaming of, but in a matter of hours, she managed obliterate any chance she’d ever had of making her dreams come true.
When he spread the word about her, there wasn’t a label in the world that would be willing to take a chance on her. It may seem spiteful, but he needed revenge, and it seemed that was the only way he could get it.
“Tell me something,” he said, letting his hands falls to his sides when he realized how deep his fingers were digging in to her skin. “Was this the plan all along? Use me to get your record deal, and then when you could support yourself, you’d cast me aside like I meant nothing to you?”
She reached up to touch his face, but he seized her wrist before she could make contact. “I swear I never meant to hurt you.” She released a shaky sigh. “But this is what I do, it’s who I am. I hurt everything and everyone who’s ever loved me. Music is the only thing I’ve ever been good at, the only thing that ever set me apart from the rest of the losers shooting up and drinking their lives away on the street.”
He knew she hadn’t had it easy growing up. Her father left when she was a toddler and she hadn’t seen him since. Her mother was a raging alcoholic who moved from one man to the next and she and her younger sister, Katie, were left home alone to fend for themselves. They got mixed up with the wrong crowd, a bunch of misfit kids who had no one at home waiting on them, so they took to the streets, looking for anything to dull the pain of a loveless childhood.
Drake would’ve done anything to make her feel worthy, but he knew he couldn’t love her enough to heal her past. Her demons would always come back to haunt her and they would destroy him in the process if he let them. He’d worked too hard to let anyone drag him down.
“I guess you want this back,” she said, sliding the four-carat diamond engagement ring he’d given her just last month off her finger.
“I don’t want that back. Sell it. Buy a bus ticket back home.”
“This is my home,” she said, lifting her chin defiantly. “I’m not leaving Nashville. I may have had a setback tonight, but I’m gonna prove to you that you weren’t wrong to believe in me. I can make it in this business. I know I can.”
He stared at her in disbelief. It must be the drugs wreaking havoc with her mind. She was smarter than to believe he’d just let her walk away without answering for the pain she’d caused him. “You can’t seriously think you stand a chance of making it here after what you did to me?”
“I know you’re angry,” she said, wringing her hands. “But maybe we could talk again tomorrow, when you’ve had a chance to cool off?”
Drake took a step back, not trusting himself within a few feet of her. He had never touched a woman in anger, no matter how much he’d felt it was justified, and he wouldn’t start now. It would be hard enough to face himself in the mirror tomorrow morning knowing he’d given his heart to a woman who had stomped all over it without a second thought. What kind of fool did that make him?
“I plan to forget I ever met you.” He walked back to the living room, and a few minutes later, he heard the sound of her wheeling the suitcase over the hardwood floor.
“Um, about the car…”
He’d bought her a BMW for her last birthday because the car she’d driven to town looked like rust was the only thing holding it together. “Take it,” he said, clasping his hands behind his back. He knew she didn’t deserve it, but he didn’t want any reminders of her crowding his home or parking garage. “I’ll have the rest of your stuff boxed up and delivered to the storage room at my studio. Make sure you arrange to pick it up when I’m not there.”
“I wish…” she whispered.
He held his hand up to silence her. “Save it for someone who’s stupid enough to believe your lies. I’m not that guy anymore.”

***

Cassidy drove around aimlessly before pulling into the nearly deserted parking lot of a Motel 6. She had forty-three dollars in her wallet and the credit cards Drake had ordered in her name, but she knew she could never use those again.
How could I have been so stupid?
She gripped the steering wheel before leaning her head against it. Drake had been the first and only man to see any potential in her. He made her believe in herself when she’d been ready to give up hope. And she’d repaid him by sleeping with his brother.
Granted, she hadn’t known it was Lee until Drake came barging in to the room, but that was no excuse. If she hadn’t been under the influence when Lee slipped in bed beside her, she would’ve surely spotted the subtle differences between the two men. They were identical twins, but a woman who’d been sleeping with one of the brothers for the past year should be able to tell them apart. Shouldn’t she?
Looking up at the neon sign with two bulbs burnt out, she knew she couldn’t spend her last few dollars on this dive if she planned to eat tomorrow. Every dollar she’d earned had gone toward paying for her baby sister’s latest stint in rehab. She wanted to believe this time would be different, and because Drake loved her, he let her hold on to that fantasy. He’d even offered to pay for Katie’s care, but he’d already done too much for her. She was determined to help her sister on her own. It’s true what they said... No good deed goes unpunished.
Knowing there was only one person she could turn to at this hour, she pulled out of the parking lot and took the short-cut to her drummer’s apartment. They had dated for a short time when she came to town, but that ended as soon as she met Drake. Vinnie and her other band mates were the only friends she had in this city, and since the other two men were married, she didn’t think their wives would appreciate the intrusion at this hour.
She knew she should call Vin first, but she’d left her cell phone at Drake’s and she didn’t feel like stopping at a pay phone outside some dingy truck stop or gas station.
Thankfully, it was a low-budget building without security and people were free to come and go as they pleased. After hauling her huge suitcase up two flights of stairs, she was exhausted by the time she reached Vinnie’s door. Knocking softly so she wouldn’t disturb the creepy middle-aged man next door who always propositioned her, she held her breath, praying her friend was home.
He peeked his head out the door. “Cass, what the hell…?” His eyes fell to the suitcase. “You and the old man get into it?”
“You could say that.” She tried to swallow the emotion welling up in her throat. “I just need a place to crash tonight. I’ll figure out what I’m gonna do tomorrow.”
“I’d love to help ya out hon, but—”
Fear began to set in when she realized the one person she thought she could count on to keep a roof over her head for one night wasn’t going to help her. “It’s okay,” she said, holding her hand up to silence him. She may not have much else, but she still had her pride. “You don’t owe me an explanation.” The effects of the drugs were wearing off and the panic was starting to set in. She was homeless, without a job, a family she could count on, or a friend in the world willing or able to help her. Her worst fear was coming true. She was turning in to her mother.
“It’s just that I hooked up with Justine earlier.” A slow grin spread across his face. “She’s waitin’ for me to come back to bed as we speak.”
She knew her friend had been trying to get back together with his ex-girlfriend for months. At least someone’s love life was on the right track. “I’m happy for you, Vin.” She gripped the handle on her suitcase. “I’ll just catch up with you tomorrow.”
“Hey,” he said when she started walking toward the back staircase. “Your rich boyfriend didn’t just throw you out on the street without any money though, right?” He chuckled. “Use one of those platinum cards burnin’ up your wallet and get a swanky room somewhere. Spa treatment and all. It’ll serve him right.”
Cassidy forced a smile. The last thing she wanted was Vinnie’s pity. “Yeah, sure. Go on back to your girlfriend.”
“I think I will.”
She waited until she heard his door closing before she sank to the floor and buried her head in her hands. The tears were scalding her cheeks as the severity of the situation began to settle over her.
She could’ve tried telling Drake the truth about what happened, but there was no guarantee he would have believed her. Even if he did, he’d be out for blood. Either he’d kill his own brother or her sister and wind up in jail. No, telling him the truth wasn’t an option.


Chapter One
One Year Later

“It’s sad to see, man. I’m tellin’ ya, she needs someone to give her a break. I don’t know how much longer she can go on like this.”
J.T. McCall, the owner of Jimmy’s Bar, had been a friend of Drake’s for too many years for him to brush off his concerns, but his ex-fiancée was the last person he wanted to talk about, especially since his conscience told him he was the reason she’d hit rock bottom.
“She using again?” Drake almost wished she was. That would mean she was the one responsible for her decline instead of him.
“No, man, she’s clean.”
Drake brought the vodka to his lips, pausing before he tasted it. “How do you know that?”
J.T. smirked. “You’re talkin’ to a guy who’s been around the block a time or two, my friend. Trust me, I know when someone’s messed up on that stuff, and she isn’t. Well, she’s messed up, but it ain’t because of that shit.”
Taking a deep swallow of his drink, he asked the question that had been haunting him for the past year. “She tell you why we ended it?”
When Drake told him it was over, J.T. had stopped him before he could give him the dirty details. He said he considered both of them friends and he refused to put himself in the middle of their war. Drake admired his friend’s integrity, but the rest of his friends had formed a solid line behind him, shunning Cassidy at every opportunity.
She’d been blacklisted from every decent bar, club, and studio in the city. None of the A-list managers would get behind her, and the rumor mill informed him that she didn’t have the money to finish the demo they’d started together.
“No, she hasn’t said a word to me about you.”
Drake threw the rest of his drink back. He shouldn’t care, but he did. Too damn much. He hadn’t been able to forget what she didn’t seem to want to remember.
“If you wanna talk, I’m willin’ to listen,” J.T. said, raising his beer bottle.
Drake narrowed his dark eyes. “Why all of a sudden are you willin’ to listen? Last I heard, you didn’t wanna get involved.”
“Man, this isn’t healthy for either one of you. I can tell this is eatin’ you up inside and Cassidy has just shut down, like she’s givin’ up hope.”
Drake told himself he didn’t have an ounce of compassion for the woman who’d betrayed him, but the pain in his chest told him otherwise. “Maybe you should encourage her to move on, J.T. You say she’s your friend. Tell her it’s just not gonna happen for her. She should go back home, get a job, learn a trade…” He reached for the bottle of vodka J.T. left on the bar and refilled his glass. “Hell, I don’t care what she does, but this city, my city, isn’t big enough for both of us. I want her gone.”
“You sure about that?” J.T. asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Of course I’m sure.” He tipped his glass back a second time, but like so many other nights, it did little to dull the constant pain of living with the knowledge that he’d been so wrong about the one and only woman he’d ever trusted with his heart.
“That look on your face tells me otherwise. You can lie to me, but don’t lie to yourself.”
Drake wasn’t used to people calling him out, trying to force him to face feelings he’d rather bury than analyze. “Tell me somethin’. How would you feel if you caught Nikki in bed with Ty?”
The shock that registered on his friend’s face was a small measure of satisfaction, especially since it came at the cost of his pride. It stung, knowing he hadn’t been man enough to keep Cassidy satisfied. He’d been trying to disprove that theory with every gorgeous woman who crossed his path in the year since he kicked Cassidy out of his home… to no avail. It didn’t matter if dozens of women were lining up for a night in his bed. The one woman he’d wanted had chosen his brother instead.
“So, that’s what happened?” J.T. asked, leaning over the bar. They weren’t open for the evening crowd yet, but a few of his employees were milling about and he was obviously trying to be discreet. “Man, it’s no wonder you’ve been messed up. That must’ve hurt like hell.”
“Only when I let myself think about it,” he said, reaching for the bottle. “She made her choice, so don’t expect me to feel sorry for her, J.T. If she’s hit rock bottom, she put herself there.”
“You have every right to feel the way you do, and I’m not sayin’ what she did was right…”J.T. held his hand up when Drake glared at him. “Obviously, she was in the wrong. They both were, but you can’t deny the girl can sing, man.”
Drake shrugged. “So can a lot of other pretty girls. You watch those singing competitions, don’t you?”
“Yeah, but we both know that girl has somethin’ special. I’ve been doin’ this a long time, seen a lot of acts pass through this bar, but few people are as committed as she is.”
“She needs to be committed if you ask me,” Drake muttered.
J.T. chuckled. “I’m serious. She’s got that fire in her eyes. The same fire Nik had when I met her.” He grinned. “Nik was just a little bit younger than Cassidy when we met. Hotter than hell, with this fire in her eyes that turned me on…” He shook his hand in the air as a salacious grin spread over his face. “Man, that little girl brought this cowboy to his knees.”
Drake couldn’t help but smile at J.T.’s account. They’d met long after he and Nikki became a couple and he’d never thought to ask the story of how they met. “You knew she was the one right away, huh?”
“I was afraid she might be.” J.T. laughed. “She was too damn young when we met, barely legal, but man, I wanted her in a big way. Her daddy bein’ the almighty Luc Spencer made it tough to get within ten feet of her, so I knew I had to wait it out. See where we ended up.”
Drake glanced at the gold wedding band on his friend’s left hand. “Looks like y’all ended up exactly where you were supposed to.”
“I think so.” J.T. reached for the vodka bottle despite Drake’s scowl. “This ain’t gonna solve your problems. Neither will runnin’ and hidin’. She’s still gonna be there when you close your eyes tonight.”
That statement was truer than Drake’s pride would ever allow him to admit. “Trust me, I’m gonna have some hot little blonde in my bed before the night’s out. Cassidy will be the last thing on my mind.”

***

It killed Cassidy to hear Drake utter those words, but she was determined she wouldn’t let him see he still had the power to hurt her. Like a vulture, he’d move in for the kill if he sensed weakness. He may have broken her spirit and stolen her hope, but she wasn’t down for the count… yet.
“Sounds like some things never change, J.T.” She glanced at her friend, the only man who’d stood by her when the rest of the town rallied around the almighty Drake Elliott and branded her a whore not worthy of their time.
Drake spun around, barely sparing her a glance before he turned his attention back to J.T. “I’ve heard that saying about the cat dragging in their kill, but I never thought I’d get to see it firsthand.”
She squared her shoulders and tried to blink back the hot sting of tears clouding her vision. She wasn’t wearing the designer clothing he’d encouraged her to buy on his dime while they were together, but she’d just washed the jeans and white T-shirt at the center that morning. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail, her face scrubbed free of make-up, but she held her head high, determined to act as though his insult hadn’t hit its mark.
She moved in to his line of vision, vowing to stand her ground. “Some of us don’t need five-hundred-dollar jeans to feel worthy.”
He smirked as he looked her up and down. “Probably a good thing since you can’t afford them anymore. How does it feel not having a sugar daddy to support you anymore?”
Her face flamed as she looked from the man she’d once loved to J.T. Knowing his opinion of her couldn’t get any lower, she decided to fan the flames. “How do you know my current boyfriend couldn’t buy and sell you?” When she saw the fury in his eyes, she almost backed down.
“Who the hell is it?” he asked, his eyes raking over her the way they once had in the heat of a passionate moment. “He can’t be paying for it if you’re dressing like that.”
Without considering the consequences, she struck him hard and fast, the echo ringing out through the near-empty bar. Her first instinct was to step back, out of his reach, but she knew that’s what he expected her to do, so she stood her ground, daring to look him in the eye.
“Hey, hey,” J.T. said, holding his hand up. “I’m gonna have to draw the line at physical contact, you two. If you can’t play nice, one of you will have to leave.”
Cassidy knew Drake Elliot would never be escorted from a bar in this city, so she conceded. Lowering her voice, she asked, “You get high on bullying people, don’t you?”
As though he’d never felt the impact of her hand on his face mere moments before, he threw his head back and laughed. “Honey, I don’t know a damn thing about getting high. That’s your deal, not mine.” He looked up and down her bare arms, even though he knew damn well she’d never shot up before or during their time together.
“If you’re looking for tracks, you won’t find any.”
“Don’t act like you wouldn’t stoop so low. An addict is an addict.”
She didn’t know why his words came as such a shock to her. He’d gone to great lengths to ruin her life, why wouldn’t he enjoy spewing his venom the first time their paths crossed? “I haven’t used in…”
He raised an eyebrow. “Since the night I caught you in bed with my brother?”
She shot a quick look at J.T., who pretended to be wiping down the bar with a damp rag.
“Yeah, your secret’s out, sugar. Even J.T. knows about it now. I was just asking him how he would’ve felt walking in on Nikki banging Ty. Of course, we all know she’s too classy to ever do a thing like that, don’t we?”
“God, I hate you,” she whispered, turning on her heel and running toward the back of the bar. She should’ve known she couldn’t gain the upper hand in a battle of will or wits with that man. He was too smart, too powerful, too wealthy, and obviously he’d added cruelty to his repertoire. He’s a hateful, spiteful, bitter, vindictive excuse for a human being.
Leaning against the closed door of her small dressing room, she let her eyes drift closed as she took deep, cleansing breaths. At moments like this, she would’ve turned to the pills that always allowed her to escape when the pain was too intense: her mother’s drinking, the sexual abuse, feeling so scared and alone…
Cassidy turned the lock and sank down on the old leather chair as her legs threatened to give way. She’d come too far to risk another setback now. She told herself Drake’s opinion of her didn’t matter, but she knew she was lying to herself. Every day for the past year she’d refused to give up on her dream of becoming a singer because she was determined to prove to him that she could make it without him.
Her hands trembled as she picked up the phone and dialed her friend. For the past several months, Cassidy had been the one lending support to recovering addicts at the center. It had been a long time since she’d had to ask Phil to guide her through the dark valley of temptation.
Breathing a sigh of relief when he picked up the phone, she said, “Hey, Phil, it’s me. You got a minute?”
“Cassidy? Honey, you don’t sound so good. What is it? What’s wrong?”
Like the older brother she’d never had to protect her from the darkness, Phil was always there with a shoulder to lean on, a bed to sleep in, or a few dollars to buy a hot meal after a gig. She didn’t know how she would’ve gotten through this past year without him.
“I just saw Drake at Jimmy’s.” She pulled her legs up, resting her chin on her knees. “I tried to stand up to him…” She squeezed her eyes shut as she re-played the ugly scene in her mind. “But I just made a fool of myself.”
“What happened? What did he say?”
That’s why she loved Phil so much. He was fiercely protective of the people he loved and wouldn’t allow anyone to get close enough to hurt them. He was like a protective uncle to those living at the center, helping them to move through their drug addiction the same way she had, one day at a time. “He said I looked terrible…” She sniffled, reaching for tissue. Damn him for making her feel like less than nothing when she’d just started believing she might be worth something again.
“He’s an idiot. Who the hell cares what he thinks?”
The Drake she remembered, the man who’d loved her with his whole heart would never have hurt her that way. He’d made her believe that she was special, beautiful, and capable of accomplishing any goal she set. No matter how high the bar, he always encouraged her to raise it because he believed she could do anything.
“I care.” She caught a tear trickling down her face with the edge of her tissue. “I know it sounds stupid, but I had this fantasy of what would happen when I finally saw him again.”
“Tell me about it.”
Phil always encouraged the residents of the shelter to talk about their feelings. He said burying them is what prompted them to turn to drugs in the first place.
“I imagined I might run in to him at some awards show.” She felt a little silly sharing the fantasy with him, especially since it couldn’t be any further from her current reality, but her days of blocking her feelings with drugs were over. “I’d be performing or maybe I’d be a presenter.” She smiled as she imagined the glittery dress, designer shoes and expensive jewelry adorning her tanned and toned body. “I’d be nominated for an award… naturally.”
She heard the smile in Phil’s voice when he said, “Naturally. Go on.”
“My hair and make-up would be professionally done. I’d look fabulous, maybe on the arm of some A-list actor or platinum-selling artist…” It was hard not to get caught up in the daydream. The vision seemed almost real to her, she’d thought about it so many times. Visualization and affirmation had become a big part of her daily routine. They helped her stay positive in spite of the fact she had no money, no home to call her own, no family, and only a few close friends to support her through the daily trials of being a recovering drug addict and wannabe musician in a city where it seemed everyone shared the same dream.
“You’ve got my attention.”
She knew Phil wouldn’t think it was silly. He was the one who’d introduced her to visualizations and affirmations, claiming her mind had the power to help her overcome her addiction. The last time she’d given up drugs it had been for Drake because she wanted a future with him. One night with her sister had set her back, almost stealing her will to go on without Drake there to give her a reason to fight the exhausting battle again, but with Phil’s help, she’d come to realize she was fighting this battle for herself because she was worth it. To hell with what Drake Elliott thinks of me.
“You still there?” Phil asked.
When she realized she’d allowed her mind to wander to a place she tried to avoid going, she said. “Yeah, I’m still here.” Determined to refocus on her vision, she said, “Where was I? That’s right, at the awards ceremony. In my vision, he takes one look at me and realizes I’ve made it without him.”
“And how does that make you feel?” he asked quietly.
“It makes me feel good, proud, strong.”
“In your vision…” He paused. “Does Drake want you back?”
She knew she should say no, but lying to herself or Phil wasn’t an option anymore. Her life was all about facing the harsh realities now. “Yes.”
“You know you can’t heal your life for him, Cassidy. This journey is about you.”
“I know.” She scraped her nails over her scalp. “But letting go of him has been even harder than letting go of the drugs. It’s like he’s a part of me.”
“I can understand that. I feel the same way about my wife, but the difference is that she’s always been there to love and support me during the ups and downs. When she should have thrown me out on the street, she didn’t. She put up with me through the withdrawals, cried with me and held me through the nights I wanted to shoot up even more than I wanted her by my side.”
Cassidy had never had that with Drake. He sent her away to a posh rehab clinic thousands of miles away, and when she returned, she wanted him to believe that she was “cured.” Little did either of them know that she was always just one high away from the house of cards tumbling down around her.
“You have to remember that you’re rebuilding your life for you, Cassidy. Not for Drake. You made a mistake, you had a setback, and he couldn’t get past that.”
“Would you have been able to get past it?” she asked. “If you walked in and found your wife in bed with your brother, could you forgive her?” It seemed like an unforgiveable sin to Cassidy, even though there were extenuating circumstances Drake would never know about.
“I don’t know.” He sighed. “It’s not for me to say whether Drake should or shouldn’t have forgiven you. And it’s not for you to say. He’s the only one who could have made that decision and he did.”
“I know.”
“Do you need me to come?”
She knew he was asking whether she felt tempted to stray into the darkness of her addiction again. “No, I’ll be fine.” She took a deep breath and forced a smile. “I just needed to vent a little. Thanks for listening, Phil.”
“I’ll always be here for you. You know that.”


Chapter Two
“Man, if I’d known it was gonna be that intense, I never would’ve asked you to stop by for a drink tonight,” J.T. said, leaning over the bar.
“So you did ask me to come by ’cause you knew she was gonna be here. I thought you were my friend? You must have known she’s just about the last person I’d want to see.”
“Yeah,” J.T. said, leaning back. “But I also knew she was probably the one person you needed to see the most. You two need to put what happened between you to rest so you can both move on with your lives. Livin’ with all this anger isn’t healthy, man.”
“I moved on a long time ago,” Drake said, popping a pretzel in his mouth.
“I’ve known you a long time,” J.T. said, bracing his hands on the bar. “And I’ve never seen you more miserable than you’ve been this past year.”
“You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.” Drake thought he’d been hiding it well. Apparently not. “I haven’t been wanting for female companionship, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
People were starting to file in to the bar and a man claimed a stool several seats away from Drake. He gave the bartender his order before shooting a side-long glance at Drake.
J.T. shook his head. “That’s not what I’m talkin’ about and you know it. Man, I used to be that guy. Hookin’ up with a different buckle bunny every night, dousing the loneliness in liquor, then I met Nik and everything changed for me. I didn’t wanna be that guy anymore. I wanted to be a better man ’cause she made me believe I could be.”
“I like myself just fine, J.T.”
“Really? You like the guy who said all those ugly things to a lady he once loved? Hell, I’ve known you a lot of years and I haven’t even heard you say shit like that to your worst enemy.” He leaned closer, looking Drake in the eye. “That’s the woman you used to make love to every night.”
That reminder felt like someone twisted the knife blade sticking out of his back. As if his mind would ever let him forget the intimacy they’d one shared. “That was before I knew what she was capable of.”
“She made a mistake.” He smirked. “Granted, as far as mistakes go, that one pretty much tops the list, but we both know she’s a good girl.”
Drake rolled his eyes. “She’s a junkie.” The word tasted foul, mainly because he’d never thought of her that way. He knew she’d had a terrible childhood and she was coping the only way she knew how.
“She’s a recovering addict, same as she was when you asked her to be your wife, the mother of your children.”
“Maybe I was naïve, but I thought she was capable of changing, getting her life together. That night I found her with my brother, I realized she’s never gonna change. Once an addict, always an addict.”
J.T. threw his hands up in the air. “I can see I’m not gonna get through to you tonight. You want me to call you a cab?”
“Nah, I’ll just call my driver. Thanks for the offer though.”
J.T. offered his hand. “I hope you don’t think I over-stepped, tryin’ to bring you two together tonight. I was just hopin’ you’d be able to talk. I’m sorry it didn’t work out.”
Drake accepted his friend’s hand. “No hard feelings. I know you were just trying to help.”
“The drinks are on the house tonight,” J.T. said, smiling.
“In that case…” Drake pointed to a bottle of eighteen-year-old scotch behind the bar. “Might as well haul out the good stuff.”
J.T. chuckled. “Whatever you want, Roy can get it for you. I’m goin’ home to my beautiful wife.”
Drake tried to ignore the pang of envy. “Give Nik a kiss for me.”
“Will do. I’ll see ya around,” J.T. said, coming around the bar and slapping Drake on the back as he walked toward the door.
The man who’d been sitting a few feet away from Drake moved closer. “I couldn’t help but overhear your conversation with your friend.”
Drake brought his glass to his lips. “Then you weren’t trying hard enough.” The last thing he wanted was make small talk with some nosy stranger. He knew he should leave before Cassidy and her band took the stage, but there was a part of him that wanted to know if she still had it.
The well-dressed, middle-aged man extended his hand. “Name’s Phil.”
Drake glanced at the man’s outstretched hand a minute before he accepted it. “Drake.”
“That’s what I thought,” he said, smiling. “You’re Cassidy’s ex.”
Drake looked the stranger up and down, trying to ascertain whether he could be the man Cassidy referred to earlier. He looked too straight-laced to get involved with someone as colorful as Cassidy. “Who the hell are you?” He couldn’t keep the bite from his voice as he realized he was jealous. He didn’t want her anymore, but that didn’t mean he wanted anyone else to have her either.
“Let’s just say I’m a friend of hers.”
The way he said it made Drake want to knock him off that stool, but he held his temper, hoping to get more information about the nature of their relationship. He knew he shouldn’t care what she did or who she did it with, but logic often wasn’t a factor when his battered ego was calling the shots.
“Define friend.”
The man laughed, shaking his head. “I keep a roof over her head when I can and she helps me with… things.”
Curling his hand around his glass, Drake muttered, “I’ll just bet she does.”
He hated to think she’d stooped that low, trading the body he’d once worshipped for a roof over her head, but his conscience reminded him he’d given her little choice when he blacklisted her. Aside from J.T., everyone else who called themselves his friend or even an acquaintance hadn’t even batted an eye when he told them Cassidy was never gonna make it in this business.
His word was usually the last word in Nashville music circles and he’d earned that respect the hard way. No way would anyone take the side of a wannabe country singer who hadn’t even cut a record over a producer who’d been the talent behind two hundred and thirty million in record sales in his illustrious career.
“Things ended badly for you two, didn’t they?” Phil asked, bringing his soft drink to his lips. “You still seem angry… bitter. I don’t have to tell you it’s not healthy to live with so much resentment.”
He could scarcely believe her new lover had the audacity to lecture him about bygones. He would never, ever forget what Cassidy had done to him.
Relationships had never been easy for Drake. Being wealthy and powerful meant he always had to be on guard against women who just wanted to benefit from his hard work and reputation. He thought Cassidy was different. From the first time he met her, he’d sensed there was something about her…
As she claimed the stage, his mind drifted back to the first night he’d seen her, standing right there, in the center of the same stage. She was singing about heartache, and he felt every word as though she was singing directly to him. He assumed she was. At first, he thought someone must’ve told her he was in the audience, watching her show, that this could be her big break to play with the heavy hitters if Drake saw something special in her. But when he approached her later and asked if he could buy her a drink, she seemed surprised, as though she had no idea he was there… watching her.
“She’s something else, isn’t she?” Phil asked, propping his chin in his hand as he gazed at the stage and the gorgeous woman singing a heart-wrenching ballad Drake had never heard before. “I never get tired of listening to her. I remember the first time I heard her sing—”
Drake held his hand up. “If you don’t mind, I just wanna watch the show.” The last thing he wanted was to hear about how the man at his side had developed a bond with the woman who used to share his bed.
“Sure,” Phil said, shrugging. He looked at Drake intensely, as though he was trying to read his expression before he turned his attention back to the stage.
In spite of his attempts to block it out, her song got under Drake’s skin. He closed his eyes and listened to the incredible tone of her voice. If anything, she’d gotten even better over the past year. He couldn’t help but wonder what she’d traded for those vocal lessons.
“You still have feelings for her.”
Drake was shocked speechless by Phil’s assessment. By the time he finally recovered his voice, Cassidy and her band were gearing up for an up-tempo song. “No, you’ve got nothing to worry about, man. I’m done with her.”
“You sure about that?” Phil asked, smiling.
“Yeah, I’m sure.” He expected the man to be jealous, over protective the way he had once been when Cassidy had been his woman. A lot of good it had done him. Even with his ring on her finger, she still betrayed him and with his identical twin brother, no less. That still stung more than anything else. What could Lee have possibly given her that he couldn’t have?
“You’re wondering why she chose him over you, aren’t you, Drake?”
He turned to face the man, praying he couldn’t read his thoughts. What kind of game is this guy playing? Determined to find out, he said, “I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.”
Phil smiled as he reached in to the bowl of pretzels. “Sure, you do. I can’t even imagine how you must have felt, walking in on them together.”
Knowing that she trusted this guy enough to share that with him cut Drake to the core. Was she in love with him? Planning a future with him? He looked at her, trying to establish whether she was wearing an engagement ring or, worse, a wedding band, but he was too far away to tell. Besides, wouldn’t Phil have introduced herself as her fiancé or husband? He said he was her friend. Not that Drake believed that for a second, especially if they were close enough that she would share the intimate details of her life with him.
“Are you surprised she told me?”
What was it about this guy? How could he read him as easily as an open book? “I don’t care what she told you—”
“Yes, you do.” He chuckled. “I’m a psychologist, in case you were wondering.”
“A psychologist?” He wasn’t naïve enough to believe Cassidy had been seeing him professionally. There was no question in Drake’s mind their relationship was of a personal nature. The way Phil watched her move across the stage with such respect and admiration in his eyes told Drake all he needed to know. “Then you should be smart enough to know that a girl like her is never gonna change.”
“On the contrary, my friend. She’s already changed. She’s not the same woman you proposed to.”
“Really? How the hell would you know that?”
“She was a shell of a girl when she came to me. Broken, confused, alone, feeling… worthless. I’ve helped her find her inner strength, something you didn’t have the tools to do.” He held his hands up, obviously feeling threatened by Drake’s body language. “No offense. It’s just that you would’ve had to be where we’ve been to understand how hard it is to make it to the other side.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“I’m a recovering addict as well.”
Drake stared at the straight-laced man beside him, shocked that he shared Cassidy’s affliction. “You can’t be serious.”
His kind green eyes shone with amusement. “I can assure you I’m not joking.”
Drake looked up at the stage and started to see signs that maybe this man was right, perhaps Cassidy had changed over the past year. She’d certainly stood up to him earlier, instead of cowering in fear and shame the way he’d expected her to. She also seemed to have an inner confidence she’d never possessed before.
“What’s your story?” Suddenly, he found himself interested in learning how this man had turned his life around.
“I got hooked during college. I managed to hide it from my wife—”
“Hold on,” Drake said, looking at his left hand, hoping to find evidence of his marital status. “You’re married?”
Phil smiled. “For fifteen years. Believe it or not, my wife stood by me, even when she should have kicked me out on my ass.”
Drake felt a twinge of guilt. He had no doubt that barb was directed at his treatment of Cassidy. Sure, he’d thrown her out when she needed him most, but she’d slept with his brother. That’s not the kind of indiscretion a man can forgive or forget. Ever. “I’m willing to bet you didn’t sleep with your wife’s sister.”
“No, but I did a lot of things some may consider unforgiveable. Spent our grocery money on drugs, pawned her wedding ring…” He sighed. “The list goes on, I’m afraid.”
“Okay, you did some lousy things, I’ll give you that.” Drake found himself smiling at the man when he realized he was no longer a threat. “So, how’d you get clean? What was the turning point for you?”
“I found out my wife was pregnant with our son. I didn’t want to be a father my son would be ashamed of. My father was a good man. He died too young, but I was so proud of him. I wanted my son to feel that way about me. So…” He took a deep breath. “I went through an intensive in-patient treatment program and it changed my life.”
“I’m glad it all worked out for you,” Drake said, wishing Cassidy had the same success with the treatment program he’d paid for.
“I went back to school and finished my degree.” He took a sip of his drink before adding, “Fortunately, my beautiful wife understood when I told her I wanted to open a non-profit center to help people overcome drug addiction. It doesn’t pay much, but I love what I do.”
Drake let his words sink in before he asked, “Is that how you met Cassidy?”
Phil slid off his stool. “I think I’ll let her tell you that story, if she’s so inclined.” He reached in to his pocket and threw a bill down on the bar.
Reaching for his arm, Drake asked, “Why did you come here tonight?”
“I thought Cassidy needed me.” He looked up at the stage. “But I can see she doesn’t. She’s going to be just fine.”
“She called you?”
“Yes,” he said, sliding his hands into the pockets of his bomber jacket. “Seeing you again left her feeling a little shaky.”
Given the way Drake had attacked her, he could understand why. “Tell me something. Is she clean now?”
Phil pointed to the woman commanding center stage. “You tell me.” He looked at Drake a long time as though he was considering how much he should divulge. “Keep in mind things aren’t always as they seem, Drake. Sometimes you just need to dig a little deeper to get to the truth.”
“What’re you talkin’ about?”
“Figuring that out is going to be your journey, my friend.” Phil smiled. “Godspeed.”


Chapter Three
Getting through that set, knowing Drake was sitting there, watching her, waiting for her to mess up so he could ridicule her, was one of the hardest things Cassidy had ever done. But knowing it was her only opportunity to prove to him that he hadn’t won, she poured everything she had in to every song she sang.
She smiled at the cowboys trying to get her attention as though she was having the time of her life. She’d almost managed to keep the smile firmly fixed in place until one of those cowboys blocked her path to the dressing room.
“Why don’t you take a whirl ’round the dance floor with me, ya sexy little thang?”
He wasn’t asking; he was telling, and his firm grip on her wrist told her that he didn’t intend to take no for an answer. Not wanting to start trouble and lose the only decent gig she had left, she smiled politely and tried to shake him off. “Maybe some other time.”
“Now sounds like a good time to me,” he said, hauling her toward the dance floor.
She tried digging her heels in, but it was no use. At barely five feet tall and one hundred and five pounds on a good day, this average-sized man was the one calling the shots in a physical battle. “I said I don’t want—” She ran straight into his back when he stopped suddenly, taking a step back. As soon as she peered over his shoulder, she could see why he was backing down.
Any man in his right mind would run when his rival was six feet three inches, two-hundred-and-forty pounds of rippling muscle that seemed poised to strike.
The last time she’d seen Drake this angry had been the night he had kicked her out of his penthouse. She knew he’d never take his aggression out on her, but any man who got in his way had always been fair game.
Concerned about the fall-out if she was the cause of a brawl in J.T.’s bar, she stepped between the two men, pressing her palms in to Drake’s stomach in an attempt to force him to take a step back. Lord have mercy, the man still had a six-pack that most Calvin Klein models would envy.
“It’s okay, hon,” she said, trying to give the man the impression they were a couple. “He didn’t mean any harm.”
Drake didn’t even spare her a glance as he glared over the top of her head. “That’s not the way it looked from where I was sitting.” He took a step forward, effectively sandwiching Cassidy between his unyielding chest and the paunch of the man at her back.
“Please,” she whispered, looking up into his dark, determined eyes.
Obviously, he sympathized with her position because he grabbed her waist and pulled her tight against his chest.
Shocked by his state of arousal, she looked up into his eyes, but he was giving nothing away. “Drake, I…”
“Look,” the other man said, raising his hands. “I don’t want any trouble. I didn’t notice the ring…” he stammered. “I’m sorry… I…”
Drake’s eyes fell to her hand on his chest. That’s when he saw it. His engagement ring still on her finger.
Cassidy felt the heat rising to her hairline as her eyes fell to the center of his chest. She heard the man behind her scramble away, but he was suddenly the least of her worries. She thought of taking the ring off, but without a safe place to keep it, that didn’t seem like an option. Her room at the shelter was often occupied by other residents and her car wasn’t an option any more than selling it was. If she’d pawned it, the ring would have paid for a cheap, one-bedroom apartment for more than a year, but every time she tried, she backed out at the last minute, telling the annoyed pawn shop owner she wasn’t ready to sell it.
“What the hell?” he asked, his hands still firmly around her waist.
People around them were starting to dance to Kenny Chesney’s “Come Over,” and Cassidy looked around, wishing she could escape into the crowd. “We can’t just stand here,” she whispered.
Instead of leading her off the dance floor or walking away, he surprised her by falling in to step with the music, forcing her to do the same. “The last thing I expected was for you to still be wearing that ring,” he said quietly.
She couldn’t bear the humiliation of telling him it was the most beautiful gift anyone had every given her, though she was certain he already knew that. Before Drake, her life had been a parade of losers intent on using her for drugs, money, and sex. He was the first man who’d ever cared enough to try and help her wrestle her demons.
Cassidy was terrified of his answer, but she had to ask. “If you want it back—”
“I don’t,” he said, shaking his head. “I just thought—”
“That I would’ve sold it for drug money.” She couldn’t blame him for feeling that way, given her state the night he found her in bed with his brother.
“Did you ever consider it?”
“Selling it?” She stole a glance at him and the look in his eyes told her if she was smart she wouldn’t even consider lying to him. “Sure.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I don’t know. It didn’t seem right.”
He smirked. “But wearing it does?”
“I loved you,” she whispered, looking up at him. She could tell her soft admission caught him off guard when he sucked in a breath. “I know you don’t believe that, but it’s true.”
He looked at her a long time before he said, “You sure as hell had a funny way of showing it.”
It wouldn’t matter now, too much time had passed and his anger was still palpable, but she still felt compelled to say the words he hadn’t wanted to hear that night. “I’m sorry about what happened, Drake.” She couldn’t look him in the eye again in case the tears gathering in her eyes spilled down her cheeks. “You were so good to me and I—”
“What’s your deal?” he asked, his voice suddenly harsh as she felt his muscles tense. “You want me to pave the way to that record deal you want so bad?”
She stepped back, shocked by the sudden vehemence she heard in his voice. “No, this has nothing to do with that. I just wanted you to know—”
“Bullshit,” he said, setting her at arm’s length. “If you think I’m that same sucker who’ll fall in to bed with you just ’cause you turn those big brown eyes on me, you’re crazy. You forget, I know who you are under all this pretty packaging.”
She felt the weight of his words bringing her down, but she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of knowing he still had the power to hurt her. “If that’s the way you feel, why’d you come to my rescue with that guy tonight?”
“I don’t like to see another man puttin’ his hands on you.” His eyes raked over her body, making her sensitive in places she had no business responding in light of the situation. “Which proves I should just stay the hell away from you.”
He turned to leave, but she couldn’t let him go. Reaching out, she grabbed his hand. “Thanks for caring enough to come to my rescue.”
“This was the last damn time, I can promise you that.”

***

Cassidy was cleaning the center the morning after her surprise meeting with Drake when Phil called her into his office.
“How’d things go after I left last night?” he asked, pointing to the torn vinyl chair across from him.
She thought she’d seen him sitting with Drake at the bar, but it was late and she was exhausted by the time she got in after her set, so she hadn’t been able to ask him to confirm her suspicion. “Why’d you come? I told you I was fine.”
“I know that’s what you said.” He tapped his finger against his lips as he watched her for a subtle hint she may be trying to lie to him or herself. “But I heard something else in your voice.”
Phil was an expert at uncovering the truth, and she’d learned a long time ago not to try to hide her shame or embarrassment from him. He knew the whole sordid story of her life: the drugs, men, abuse, and he still managed to look her in the eye with a smile on his face. That gave her hope that maybe he wasn’t the only person who could like her in spite of her flaws.
“It was fine,” she said, running her hands over the cold steel armrests. “We exchanged a few words after my first set and then he left.”
“Your actions hurt him... deeply.”
Cassidy closed her eyes as a fresh wave of pain washed over her. Hurting Drake was her biggest regret. She lived with the repercussions of all of the other terrible choices she’d made in her life, but knowing a man like that had loved her with his whole heart and she’d destroyed that was something she would never be able to come to terms with.
“I know,” she said, softly. “I tried to apologize. I know how important it is to my recovery to make amends with the people I’ve wronged.”
“How did he react?”
“He didn’t believe me.” There was no reason he should. In his mind, she was a worthless junkie who’d gotten high and slept with his brother.
“I asked you this when you first came to the center, but you weren’t ready to talk about it then.”
So many of the questions Phil had asked her were beyond her ability to process back then. She still feared which one might resurface now and whether she had gained the strength to face it.
“How did it make you feel… being Drake Elliott’s fiancée?”
She closed her eyes, a technique Phil had taught her to get in touch with her thoughts and feelings. “It made me feel good about myself, the fact that a man like that… so successful and powerful, saw something special in me…”
“How did you feel the night he threw you out?”
She swallowed, trying to suppress her sadness. “It hurt to know that I’d disappointed him. He was the only person who ever believed that I could make something of myself.”
“But you felt you were just pretending, didn’t you?” Phil asked quietly. When she couldn’t find the voice to respond, he continued. “You were living in the multimillion-dollar penthouse, driving the luxury car, wearing jewelry that cost more than you’d ever made in a year… That must have seemed surreal to you. Like a dream you were bound to wake up from.”
“I guess so,” she said, refusing to open her eyes. She knew it was a cowardly means of escape but Phil was notorious for pushing people past their limits, and he was clearly intent on forcing her to face her past after meeting with Drake last night.
“Is that why you wouldn’t tell him the truth about what really happened that night? Is it because you felt deep down he was going to tire of you and kick you out at some point anyways, so might as well get it over with?”
No matter how much work she had done the past year, trying to heal, days like this still set her back. When she took the time to dwell on losing the best thing that had ever happened to her, it always left her feeling so empty and alone. “I don’t know,” she whispered, trying to fight back the tears.
“Yes, you do. Open your eyes and look at me, Cassidy.”
She hesitated for endless seconds, knowing he would never force her to do something he didn’t feel she was ready to tackle. Opening her eyes, she looked at him and was rewarded with a smile. That small gesture of kindness opened the floodgates, perhaps because he was one of the few people who’d ever shown her kindness.
The tears began sliding down her cheeks faster than she could wipe them away. “I’m sorry,” she said, reaching for a tissue on his desk. “I should get back to work.”
Her work consisted of cleaning the shelter, preparing the meals, and sitting in on group meetings to assist Phil. He couldn’t afford to pay her, but offered her a room and some free meals in exchange for her assistance. There were times when the center was filled to capacity with addicts at various stages of their recovery and she would have to give up her room to one of them. Since Phil didn’t feel it was safe for her to sleep on the couch, with the residents free to roam at all hours of the day and night, she offered to stay at a friend’s house on those nights. She would never tell Phil that she slept in her car instead of spending what little money she made on a cheap motel because she wasn’t welcome to stay with any of her band mates and didn’t have any other friends.
“I think we should talk about this,” he said firmly.
She wandered in to Phil’s center the day after her relapse and he had been like a beacon of light in the darkness, making her believe that her life wasn’t over. She was just starting a new chapter. He encouraged her to plan for the future, set goals, and continue the healing process with free therapy sessions whenever she was sinking in despair. She knew he offered her help because she didn’t have any one else to turn to, and she suspected he felt sorry for her, which made her even more determined not to lean on him. She didn’t want his pity. She wanted his respect and this was her chance to earn it by being fearless in the face of his challenge.
“Fine, let’s talk about it.”
“I’d like to know how you felt about seeing Drake last night.”
There were no words to describe it. The ugly display in front of J.T. had been the scared little girl in her lashing out at the neighborhood bully who was threatening to beat her up again. Drake had all the power and she felt helpless in the face of his rage and disgust.
“At first, I was scared of what he might say or do, so I lashed out.” She winced at the memory. “I hit him.”
The corners of Phil’s mouth twitched, as though he was trying to suppress a smile he knew was inappropriate in light of her confession. “I’m sorry… you actually struck someone?”
She abhorred physical violence, probably because she’d been a victim too many times herself when her mother brought the wrong man home time after time. “I don’t know what came over me. I was just trying to protect myself the only way I knew how.”
“He made you feel threatened?”
Lowering her eyes to the hands clasped in her lap, she said, “No, he made me feel small. Worthless. Just like I used to feel when I was a kid. As though I had no voice. Anyone could do anything they wanted to me and I couldn’t stop them.”
“Because Drake is wealthy, successful, with a reputation in this city and the music industry, you feel powerless against him?”
She and Phil had talked about her childhood, her sister, her mother, the abuse she’d endured as a child, the bullying, and drugs, but she had never been willing to open up about her relationship with Drake. She told Phil the truth about what happened the night he kicked her out, simply because she had to let it out or risk a real relapse.
“Yes.” Her voice was barely above a whisper, and because she was working hard to find her strong inner core, she cleared her throat and repeated, “Yes,” more firmly.
Phil smiled, obviously pleased that she had picked up on her fallacy without being reminded. “Did striking him make you feel powerful?”
“No,” she said, twirling her ring around on her finger. “There’s no way to bring a man like Drake down.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, Cassidy. You have more control over that man than you realize.”
Her heart began to pound in her chest. Phil was able to read people effortlessly and if he had a hunch about Drake after meeting him, she knew it would be spot on. “What do you mean?”
He slid his pen between his fingers, watching the repetitive action as though it mesmerized him. “He feels powerless to control his feelings for you. He doesn’t want to care about you, but he can’t help himself.”
“No, I don’t think—”
“I know,” he said, firmly. “I saw it in his eyes when he spoke about you. I saw it in the way he looked at you. Trust me, that man still has feelings for you.”


Chapter Four
Drake knew J.T. would be at the bar around lunch time as he was most days.
“Hey,” J.T. said, grinning when he spotted him. “Perfect timin’. I was just about to grab a sandwich. Care to join me?”
He knew food would sit like lead in his stomach, but he couldn’t tell J.T. he’d lost his appetite after seeing Cassidy last night. “Yeah, sounds good.”
J.T. leaned over the bar and said to the waitress restocking the shelves, “Two draft and two pastrami at the back booth when you have a minute, Darla.”
“You got it, J.T.,” she said, her smile landing on Drake. “Can I get you guys anything else?”
“Nah, that’ll be all for now. Thanks,” J.T. said, leading the way to the rear of the bar. There were several customers crowding the tables in the front and lining the bar watching sports highlights, but the rear of the bar was empty.
Sliding in to the booth across from his friend, Drake wasted no time asking, “What did you mean when you said you thought Cassidy had reached rock bottom?” That statement, among other things, had kept Drake awake most of the night, and he needed some answers before he went crazy speculating.
J.T. tipped the black cowboy hat back on his head and slouched down in the booth, stretching his long legs out in front of him. “Man, I really didn’t want to get in to this. I know Cassidy would be embarrassed—”
“Damn it, just cut to the chase.” He knew J.T. had done nothing to warrant his bad attitude, but he couldn’t contain his frustration. “Tell me what the hell’s going on with her.”
“She’s livin’ in some damn shelter for addicts,” J.T. said, wincing when Drake revealed his shock. “And I’m afraid that’s not the worst of it.”
“How the hell could it get any worse than that?” They had lived together for almost a year without benefit of a legal agreement protecting his assets, and Drake knew she could’ve come after him demanding a settlement. But she hadn’t and he couldn’t figure out why.
“She… uh…” J.T. looked like he’d rather submit to a tooth extraction than continue on with his tale. “Sleeps in her car when the shelter’s full.”
Drake’s head fell forward as he covered his face with his hands. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“It seems the center director only has so many beds. It’s a short-term facility to help people get back on their feet and since Cassidy isn’t staying there as a patient, she has to give up her bed when someone else needs it more.”
Drake felt like someone had just drop-kicked him in the stomach. He was grateful when the waitress came to their table with two steins of beer. Not because he needed a drink, but because he needed a few minutes to process this news.
“I can’t believe what you’re telling me, man. I mean, I knew she wouldn’t be making much money singing when I shut her out, but I thought she’d get a job as a waitress somewhere, ya know? Maybe rent a room or…” He hadn’t allowed himself to think about what might have happened to her after he’d lowered the boom, but now that he was being forced to face the consequences of his actions, he felt sick to his stomach. He’d wanted revenge, but he’d never wanted her to be homeless.
“I know it sucks to think about,” J.T. said, sitting upright and leaning forward. “I didn’t tell you this because I wanted you to feel guilty. Hell, I’ve offered to help her, so has Nik, but she refuses to take handouts. She said she’d rather be homeless than borrow money from a friend.”
Damn her for being so stubborn. She could get herself killed taking that kind of risk, and her blood will be on my hands… “You still got that apartment upstairs?” Drake asked, thinking through the possible solutions to her dilemma.
“The new manager is livin’ up there now. It was part of the deal when I hired him.”
“How do you know about this?” Drake asked. “I know she has too much pride to tell you herself.”
J.T. waited until the waitress set their sandwiches down on the table before he said, “I was fillin’ in for one of the bartenders one night. I went out to the alley behind the building to toss the trash in the dumpster and I found a car parked there. It seemed strange for a sweet set of wheels like that to be sittin’ in an alley, so I thought I’d check it out. That’s when I saw her curled up in the backseat. I forced her to come inside and tell me what the hell was goin’ on with her. That’s when it all came out.”
“She’s still drivin’ the BMW I gave her?”
“Yeah,” J.T. said, taking a bite of his sandwich.
It didn’t make sense. Why wouldn’t she have sold the car and the ring to put a roof over her head, or at the very least found a job that would allow her to take a cheap room somewhere? “She tell you why she hasn’t been bustin’ her ass to find work so she can get herself out of this mess?” He knew she wasn’t lazy. She’d insisted on cleaning their penthouse herself, preparing all of their meals, doing the grocery shopping and laundry in spite of the fact he had a full-time cleaning lady to tend to their needs.
“She’s had a few temp jobs,” J.T. said, wiping his mouth with a napkin, but I guess it’s not easy tryin’ to balance a work schedule with her time at the shelter durin’ the day and gigs at night.”
If not for that one night, she would’ve been living in the lap of luxury by now as his wife. They would be preparing to release her debut album, planning a tour… “I can’t believe this,” he said, pushing his plate away. “If she’s not getting paid to work at that shelter, why the hell is she doing it?”
“I asked her that.” J.T. popped a pickle in to his mouth. He finished chewing before he said, “She said if it wasn’t for this Phil guy and his center, she may have slipped right back in to her addiction. She feels like she owes that guy her life.”
“Phil?” Drake asked. “That’s the guy who was here last night. We talked for a bit. He said he was putting a roof over Cassidy’s head, but I never imagined she was living in a place like that.”
J.T, shrugged. “I guess it’s what she wants. She told me that place was the closest thing to a home she’s ever had. Said Phil and his wife are like family to her.”
Drake suddenly wished he’d made more of an effort to make her feel at home in the penthouse they’d shared. He knew it wasn’t her style, but he hadn’t even thought about selling until after she moved out. When he couldn’t stand living with her ghost any longer, he put the place on the market and bought a mansion in Brentwood.
“If that’s true, then why the hell aren’t they helping her to make her life better? They have to know she doesn’t belong in a place like that.”
“She told me she loves bein’ there. It gives her an opportunity to help people.”
“The addicts?” Drake asked, tried to keep the disdain out of his voice. Given his experience with his missing brother, he had no time or tolerance for people who chose to throw their lives away getting high. “How the hell does she think she can help them?”
“She said a lot of them are just lookin’ for a friend. Someone who’ll listen to their story and not judge them.”
“You and I both know it’s not safe for her to be there.” When he thought about what could happen to her, living amidst those derelicts… “Question is, how are you gonna convince her of that?”
“Me?” J.T. asked, flattening his palm against his chest. “What makes you think she’s gonna listen to me? I’ve already tried to offer my help. I told you, she’s not willin’ to take it.”
“Well she sure as hell isn’t gonna accept my help,” Drake said, considering his options. “She won’t accept money from either one of us, so we’re gonna have to help her without her knowing we’re helping her.”
J.T. smiled. “I thought you didn’t care about her anymore?”
“I don’t.” He knew he wasn’t fooling anyone, but he wasn’t ready to drop the pretense. “But that doesn’t mean I wanna see her homeless either.”
“Okay,” J.T said, rubbing his hands together. “What do you suggest?”
“I’m gonna see about getting her back in to some of the A-list spots. That’ll pay more money, and hopefully it’ll be enough for her to at least get a decent room somewhere.”
“It’s a start,” J.T, said. “You think your friends will be willin’ to take her on after you blacklisted her?”
He didn’t know how he was going to explain his change of heart to them when he didn’t understand it himself. But he loved that girl enough to want to make her his wife once upon a time, and he couldn’t stand the thought of her risking her life when he could do something to help. “I’ll make them listen.”
“If anyone can, you can,” J.T. said, taking a drink of his beer.
“How many nights a week is she working here?”
“Just one right now. I’ve got my regular act for the weekend, and I’m tryin’ out a couple of acts my brother-in-law has his eye on for their record label.”
J.T.’s brother-in-law, Evan Spencer, was a friend of Drake’s. Titan Records had been close to offering Cassidy a deal until Drake informed Evan that she’d had a relapse and was using again. No way would a label like Titan sink millions in to an artist who was a loose cannon.
“There’s no way you could give her another night or two?” Drake asked, knowing he was asking a lot of his friend. He liked the idea of Cassidy working at Jimmy’s bar. It was safer than most because J.T. hired the best security people money could buy to keep the patrons in line and protect the artists performing there. Thanks to J.T.’s older brother’s connections on the police force, many were off-duty and former cops who were experts at handling rowdy drunks.
“I wish I could, man. But I’ve got a full line up as it is.”
“Fair enough,” Drake said, thinking through his options. He stood up and reached into his pocket to put some money on the table for the lunch he hadn’t touch.
“Don’t even think about it,” J.T. said, holding his hand up. “Your money’s no good here.”
He tossed a fifty on the table and grinned. “A tip for the cute little waitress then.” Extending his hand, he said, “Thanks for filling me in on Cassidy’s situation, man. I really appreciate it.”
“You’re a good guy,” J.T. said, smiling. “I knew you’d do the right thing.”

***

Cassidy walked in to the sitting room of the center with her vacuum cleaner in tow when she spotted one of the residents, Bill, sitting on the couch flipping through a magazine. “I heard you were back,” she said, smiling. “It’s good to see you.”
“I guess you heard about my relapse, huh?” He didn’t spare her a glance as he said, “Once an addict, always an addict, right?”
She knew he was suffering from depression and some other form of mental illness he hadn’t disclosed during their group sessions, but she always tried to encourage him to maintain a positive attitude. Phil had done that for her when she showed up on their doorstep begging for help. She felt the least she could do was pay it forward. “You just have to take it one day at a time, Bill,” she said, sitting down on the chair next to him. “Just because you had one set-back, that doesn’t erase weeks of being clean.”
“Sure it does,” he said, tossing the magazine on the scarred coffee table.
The furniture was second-hand, donations from members of the community that Goodwill refused to accept.
Clasping her hands in front of her, Cassidy asked, “Do you want to talk about what happened?”
“What’s the use?” He shrugged. “It’s not like it’ll change anything.”
“You don’t have to talk to me, but I hope you’ll let Phil help you.” She knew better than to try and overstep her bounds. She wasn’t a trained therapist, just a friend should any of the residents feel like talking to someone other than Phil.
“He can’t help me,” he said, lacing his hands behind his head. “No one can. I’m a lost cause.” He smiled, showing chipped, yellowing teeth. “Hell, my old man’s been tellin’ me that my whole life.”
“Just because he said it, doesn’t make it so.” Cassidy still cringed when she thought about some of the messages she’d received growing up.
“How the hell do ya manage to stay positive livin’ in this hole?”
She shrugged. “It beats the streets.” She knew that’s where she would be without Phil and his wife. She had no skills and had barely graduated high school. The only hope she had of building a decent life for herself was her voice, and since Drake had cast her aside, the odds of that happening seemed slim, at best.
Nashville was the mecca of country music. If she couldn’t make it here, she knew she wouldn’t be able to make it. Period. There were days she was tempted to throw her hands in the air and give in to the despair, but today wasn’t one of those days. She’d earned a positive reaction from the crowd at Jimmy’s last night and that always helped get her through at least a few days.
“Barely,” he muttered, kicking his scuffed boots up on the wobbly table. “Some days I wonder why the hell I bother gettin’ out of bed at all. It’s not like anyone’s gonna hire an ex-convict with a drug problem. I’ve filled out job applications at every dive in this city. Hell, not even those places are willin’ to hire me.”
Cassidy knew what that felt like. She wasn’t allowed to disclose the shelter’s address on job applications or resumes because of the privacy issue. With no fixed address, employers weren’t willing to take a chance on her. Not that she had been able to find anything she was qualified to do and still allowed her to continue singing at night.
“Have you thought about trying to get into one of those retraining programs that help people find jobs? Maybe you could learn a trade.”
“I ain’t got the brains for that.”
Cassidy hated to hear people get down on themselves. No matter how bleak things seemed, she refused to believe it couldn’t get better. “You can turn your life around, Bill. It’s never too late to make different choices.”
He snorted. “At least when I was high, I didn’t have to sit around all day feelin’ bad ’cause I was such a screw up. I got to escape it all for a while.”
She knew how appealing it could be to escape your problems. She’d spent too many days blissfully unaware of the chaos all around her. “You know that’s only a temporary solution. When you come down, you still have to face your problems.”
He grinned. “That’s why I made sure I was never without a fix for long.”
Cassidy heaved a sigh as she stood up. She loved living and working at the center because it was so rewarding to see residents embrace their second chance at life, but there were also residents like Bill, who’d already given up hope of a better life.
“Hey,” he said. “I heard you’ve got a hell of a voice. What’re you doin’ in a dump like this?” He looked her up and down. “With a face like that and that sweet little body, you should be makin’ records, not hangin’ out here with us losers.”
She was used to the men in the center coming on to her, which is why she wished the bedroom where she slept had a lock. Unfortunately, that wasn’t permitted because of the center’s open-door policy. Phil and his wife reserved the right to search the rooms when they suspected residents may be using.
“I’m just waiting for my big break,” she said, forcing a smile as she reached for the vacuum cleaner. “We’ve got nothing without hope, right?”
Making her way in to the hall with the heavy vacuum in tow, Cassidy nearly ran in to Phil. “Oh, sorry about that.”
“No problem,” he said, smiling. He shoved his hands in to the pockets of his pressed chinos. “I was hoping to find you. Do you have a gig tonight?”
“I wish.” She was only getting two or three gigs a week. On a good month, she was able to put gas in her car, pay for the insurance, and have a little left over to buy the occasional take-out meal when she was working late.
“Do you think you could keep an eye on things around here tonight? Normally, I wouldn’t ask, but Susan and I are celebrating our wedding anniversary and I’d really like to be able to take her out for a nice dinner.”
Phil and Susan lived in a nice little apartment above the center with their son, who was away at school, and Cassidy knew they devoted so much of themselves to their residents. She was happy to be able to do something nice for them for a change. “You guys go. Have a great time. I’ve got everything under control here.”
“You sure?” he asked, looking uneasy. “I know some of the residents can get a little rowdy at times. Susan wasn’t too sure about leaving you alone with them.”
At the moment, most of the residents consisted of men, but Cassidy wasn’t concerned for her safety. Many of the men had been here for several months and she’d forged friendships with them. “Don’t worry about a thing. I’ll be fine.”


Chapter Five
Drake walked in to Jimmy’s later that night after a productive day of pounding the pavement, lining up decent gigs for Cassidy. He’d called J.T. to tell him the good news and when he found out his friend was tending bar again, he decided to stop by for a drink.
“How’d it go?” J.T. asked, handing him a glass of his favorite brand of vodka.
“Good,” Drake said, taking a deep swallow. “Real good. At this rate, she should be able to afford a decent apartment by next month.”
“Glad to hear it,” J.T. said, smiling. “I had my reservations, tellin’ you about Cassidy’s situation, but I’m glad I did. You really came through for her.”
The last thing Drake wanted was praise. He knew he was responsible for her current situation and felt the least he could do was make things right. No one should have to live the way she was. “Turns out revenge wasn’t as sweet as I thought it would be.”
J.T. chuckled. “It rarely is, my friend.”
The hours slipped by as Drake made small talk with friends and acquaintances who approached him, wanting to know which artists he was working with. He talked up his artists as he always did, but his mind was elsewhere. He wondered how Cassidy would respond when she started getting offers from bars and clubs that wouldn’t give her the time of day weeks ago. Would she realize he was behind the offers? If she did, would her stubborn pride force her decline? He had no way of knowing and that was driving him crazy.
It was almost one o’clock in the morning by the time he was making his way toward the door. He waved to J.T., but his friend beckoned him toward the bar.
By the time Drake got closer he could see that J.T.’s tanned face looked ashen.
“Um yeah, he’s right here. I’ll put him on,” J.T. said, handing Drake the cordless phone.
“Who is it?” Drake mouthed.
“Just take the call, man.” J.T. poured himself a scotch and tossed it back, lending to Drake’s uneasiness.
“This is Drake,” he said into the receiver.
“Thank God,” a man breathed.
Holding the phone away from his ear, he gave J.T. a quizzical look before asking, “Who the hell is this?”
“Drake, it’s Phil. We met last night. I’m a friend of Cassidy’s, remember?”
Curiosity gave way to full blown fear when Drake saw J.T. throw back another drink.” Yeah, I remember. What the hell’s goin’ on? Why’d you want to talk to me?”
“I called J.T. hopin’ he may be able to help me find you. I’m at the hospital with Cassidy.”
Dread turned his stomach as he cursed the vodka he’d consumed. “Is she okay?”
The other man heaved a sigh. “I’m afraid not. I don’t know how to tell you this, but…”
The silence was killing Drake as he claimed a stool at the bar. “Just tell me.”
“It’s not good.”
“Jesus Christ,” Drake shouted, slamming his fist down on the bar. “Just tell me what the hell’s goin’ on with her!”
“She was beaten badly. She has a head injury, severe internal injuries, and a collapsed lung. The chances of her making it are…”
Drake dropped the phone as the room started spinning. The gorgeous, vivacious woman he’d held in his arms just last night was lying in some hospital bed about to take her last breath? No. Hell, no! He refused to accept that.
J.T. picked up the phone. “Thanks for callin’, Phil. We’ll be prayin’ for her. Please keep us posted, okay?”
Drake gripped the edge of the bar as the nausea made his stomach churn. “I have to get to the hospital. I have to see her.”
“She’s in surgery, man. There’s nothin’ you can do. Phil said he’d call as soon as he knows more.”
“I don’t care. I have to go to the hospital.”
J.T. nodded. “You want me to come with you?”
He needed time alone to process what had happened. “No, thanks. You go on home to your wife.”
“I think Phil called from his cell.” Checking the call display, J.T, said, “I’ll call him back and get the details about where she is and—”
“Just text me.” He couldn’t get out of there fast enough.
“At least let me call you a cab!” J.T. shouted.

***

Drake was still feeling sick by the time he arrived at the hospital. The clerk at the front desk directed him to the Intensive Care Unit and he went through the motions in a haze of confusion as he travelled on the elevator, made the correct turns, and located the appropriate waiting room.
He walked up to Phil. “Please tell me you have some news on her condition.” He couldn’t stand not knowing whether she was going to pull through.
“She’s still in surgery, Drake. The doctors will tell us just as soon as she’s out of surgery…” His gaze fell to the ground. “Assuming she makes it out—”
“Don’t say that. Don’t even think that,” Drake whispered fiercely, not trusting himself to remain calm. His rage and fear was like a bore, threatening to take out anything in its path. “How the hell did this happen?”
Phil sank down in the plastic chair, dropping his head in to his hands. “It was all my fault. I asked her to keep an eye on things at the center while my wife and I went out to celebrate our anniversary.”
The last thing Drake wanted was to sit down, but he had no choice if he wanted to learn the details surrounding Cassidy’s hospitalization. “This happened at your center?”
“Yes,” he said, looking as miserable as Drake felt.
A nurse approached them, holding out a card. “I’m sorry, sir. The insurance card you provided is no longer valid.”
“I found that in her purse,” Phil said by way of explanation. “I’m not surprised she didn’t have medical insurance. The poor girl couldn’t even afford to put a roof over her head.”
Drake reached into his wallet and handed the nurse his black American Express card. “All of her hospital bills can be charged to that.”
Her eyes widened in surprise as she looked at the card. “You’re Drake Elliott?” she asked, looking at the name on the card. She flipped it over to look at the signature on the back.
“Yes.”
“Are you a friend or relative?”
He glared at her. “Does it matter? I said I’d pay her medical expenses, didn’t I?”
“Yes, sir,” she said before rushing back to her desk.
Phil watched her depart before he said, “I was right last night, wasn’t I? You still have feelings for Cassidy.”
“You were telling me what happened to her.” There was no way Drake was going to dissect his feelings for Cassidy. If he did, he couldn’t trust himself to hold it together.
“We’d never left her alone at the center before. Either myself or my wife, Susan, was always on site and she’s trained in mixed martial arts. One of our residents, Bill, has been having a tough time of it lately.” He took his glasses off and rubbed his blood-shot eyes. “I never should’ve left. I should’ve known he was volatile. He’d been exhibiting symptoms…” He stopped as though he’d revealed more than he intended to.
“Where is this guy now?”
“In police custody.”
“What the hell happened?”
“According to another resident, a woman who watched the whole thing from an upstairs window, Cassidy followed him out of the house when she found out he had drugs on him. She was desperate to convince him not to use them, but…” Phil was visibly shaken as he tried to finish the story.
Drake knew Phil wasn’t the man who’d administered the blows that put Cassidy’s life in jeopardy, but he had put her in that situation by leaving her alone with some madman. He couldn’t forgive that any more than he could forgive himself for giving her no choice but to live in a shelter for recovering addicts because she had nowhere else to go.
“I need to know exactly what he did to her,” Drake said, curling his hands in to fists.
“He tried to force himself on her.” He took a deep breath. “When…”
The rest of the words fell on deaf ears as an inferno of rage assailed him. Images of Cassidy at the man’s mercy in some dark alley with no one there to protect her or hear her screams began to filter through his head. “The woman…” he said, trying to force the words out, “why didn’t she call the police or try to stop it?”
“She did, but by the time they got there, Bill was already gone and there was nothing they could do to help Cassidy.”
“Did he…?” He swallowed the bitter taste of bile rising in his throat. “Did he rape her?”
“He tried, but she fought back. That’s when he became enraged. He beat her, kicked her, slammed her head into the pavement…” Phil rubbed away the sweat beading on his forehead. “I’ll never forget the sight of all that blood.”
Drake got up and started to pace, hoping to find an outlet for his fear and fury. He couldn’t sit there doing nothing, waiting for a doctor to tell him whether he’d ever be able to say… he was sorry. He was so sorry for putting her in this position. He hated what she did. He hated that she’d betrayed him, but he never intended for her to pay with her life.
“Bill took the ring. I guess he wanted it to buy drugs.”
Drake stopped pacing long enough to look at him. Hands braced on his hips, he asked in a deceptively low tone, “That dirt bag took her engagement ring?” An image of Cassidy exploded in his head. She was laughing and crying through her tears as he slipped that ring on her finger. She told him it was the happiest moment of her life and she’d never, ever, take the ring off.
“I begged her to get rid of that ring,” Phil said. “I knew it was an invitation for some of the transients passing through our center. Most of them aren’t bad people, just desperate.”
He was almost afraid to ask the next question. He already felt bad enough, but he feared hearing Cassidy’s reason for keeping his ring may bring him to his knees. “Why didn’t she take your advice and just get rid of the damn thing?” If that ring had contributed to this…
Phil smiled. “She told me this over morning coffee, not during one of our therapy sessions, so I guess I can share it with you.”
“You think I really give a goddamn about doctor-patient confidentiality right now?” Drake asked, taking a step forward. He was a big man, towering over the therapist, but the other man didn’t seem nervous or intimidated in the face of Drake’s anger. Probably because he dealt with out of control people for a living.
Phil gestured to the chair next to him. “You may want to have a seat when you hear this.”
Without questioning the reason, Drake suspected he may be right, so he acquiesced. “Fine, tell me.”
“She said that ring represented hope and faith to her.” He shook his head. “It was amazing, given all she’d been through that she still tried so hard to maintain a positive attitude. She said she never wanted to forget the way she felt when you slipped that ring on her finger. You believed in her. No one had ever believed in her before. She said that gave her hope that the future would be better than the past had been. She also told me that your faith had given her the strength to start rebuilding her life and she never wanted to lose that.”
“Tell me why she did it,” he said, dropping his head into his hands. “Why the hell did she start using again that night? Why did she sleep with my brother?”
“Only she can tell you that,” Phil said, clasping his hands in front of him. “If she wakes up—”
“Not if she wakes up,” Drake said, raising his voice. “When she wakes up. Don’t even question whether she will. I know she will.”
“I hope you’re right,” he said, quietly. “I’m praying you’re right.”
Before Drake could respond, a doctor walked through the restricted swinging doors pulling a mask off his face.
“You’re waiting to hear about Miss Ross?” the doctor asked Phil.
“Yes,” Phil said, leaping to his feet. “How is she, doctor?”
“It’s too soon to tell. She made it through the surgery, but the next twenty-four hours will be critical.”
“Can I see her?” Drake asked, his throat scratchy. “Please.”
The doctor frowned. “Are you family?”
“He’s her fiancée,” Phil said, quickly.
“Fine,” the doctor said. “Someone will let you know when you can go in. But only for a few minutes.”


Chapter Six
The nausea Drake had been fighting all night re-emerged as soon as he walked into Cassidy’s hospital room. She was hooked up to several machines. Her head was bandaged and her beautiful face was battered and bruised while her eyes were swollen shut.
He had to blink back the tears as he pulled up the chair beside her bed. What kind of monster could have done this to her? She was a petite woman, defenseless against this kind of evil.
Carefully lifting one of her hands and bringing it to his lips, he noticed it was ice-cold, almost as though the life had already seeped from her body. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered, resting his forehead against her limp hand. “Baby, I never thought it would come to this, you have to believe me.”
He watched her for countless minutes, praying for some sign she’d heard him, that she’d pull through and treat him to the insolence he’d convinced himself he could live without. He was watching her eyelids, hoping to see a flutter, when a nurse walked in and offered him a gentle smile.
“I’m sorry, sir. I’ll have to ask you to leave now. Miss Ross needs her rest.”
Drake wanted to refuse, but he knew the nurse was only acting in Cassidy’s best interest, so he gently kissed her hand and laid it back down on the blanket. “Can I come back in later?”
He would gladly stay at the hospital all night, sleeping in one of those cold plastic chairs, if he could help see her through the night. If the unthinkable happened, he didn’t want her to be alone.
If he had to sit in this room and hold her hand while the sickening sound of her alarm alerted the emergency staff that she was in distress, he knew he would hear that sound in his nightmares for the rest of his life, but the thought of letting her leave this world the way she’d lived, alone, seemed cruel. She deserved better. She deserved to have someone who loved her by her side to help her move through the fear of dying.
“I’m afraid not.” The young nurse smiled to soften her words. “You can come back in the morning if you like. Visiting hours start at nine.”
Leaving her lying in the hospital bed, not knowing if she’d still be there when he returned, was the hardest thing Drake had ever done. He looked back one last time before he closed the door.
Once he was safely outside of her room, he leaned against the wall for support and cried the first tears he’d shed since he lost his parents. He didn’t think anything could ever affect him as deeply as that loss had, but seeing Cassidy lying in that hospital bed because of his actions made him question everything he thought he knew about himself.
He’d never considered himself a hateful or vengeful man, but for the past year, he’d told himself he despised Cassidy and his brother. He resented them for being weak, for betraying him, but most of all, he loathed Cassidy for not loving him as much as he’d loved her, for not being strong enough to remain faithful to him and the life they’d promised to build together.
“Hey,” J.T. said, clapping him on the shoulder. “You okay?”
Drake had been so lost in his grief, he hadn’t even heard his friend approaching. Clearing his throat, he wiped his eyes with the heel of his hands. “What’re you doin’ here, man? I thought you were gonna go home.”
“I did, but I couldn’t sleep. Nikki was worried too, so she told me to get my butt down here and find out what’s goin’ on with Cassidy.” He looked at the closed door. “She’s not… I mean, she didn’t…”
“She made it through the surgery,” Drake said, his voice still trembling. “But, uh, it’s gonna be touch and go for a while.”
J.T. put his arm around his friend’s shoulders and led him back to the waiting room. “Phil told me to tell you he had to go down to the police station to answer some questions about what happened. I have his cell number in case you need to reach him.”
“Thanks.” Drake sat down in the same chair he’d occupied earlier.
“You feel like talkin’ about it?” J.T. asked, sitting down beside him.
He was so drained, physically and emotionally, he didn’t know how he would find the strength to repeat the story Phil had shared with him earlier. “I did this,” he said, leaning forward and covering his face with his hands. “If it weren’t for me, she wouldn’t have been living in that place and she would never have met that sick bastard.”
“Come on, now,” J.T. said, nudging his shoulder. “You can’t blame yourself. You had no idea it would turn out this way.”
“What the hell did I think would happen? I knew she had no other way of making a living. Her music was the only thing she had. It was her reason for getting out of bed in the morning, her reason for staying clean. Hell, it was the only thing she had that made her feel good about herself and I took that away from her.” The more he thought about it, the worse it made him feel.
“You reacted the way any guy would’ve in your position, Drake. If I’d come in and found one of my brothers in bed with Nik, I probably wouldn’t have left until some of his blood was spilled.”
“But it wasn’t his blood spilled. It was hers.” He opened his palms. “And now it’s on my hands.”
“No, it’s not. You can’t think like that. It won’t help either one of you.”
“J.T., she looked so broken.” His voice cracked as he thought of the ugly red and purple bruises marring her body, a sharp contrast to the stark-white sheets she was resting on.
“I know, but she’ll heal. Every day will get better and before you know it, she’ll be back on her feet.”
“You don’t know that,” he whispered, wishing someone could give him that kind of reassurance. “Neither do I.” He sighed. “The doctor said the next twenty-four hours are critical. I don’t want to leave, but they told me I can’t stay.”
“You need to go home and get some rest. Grab a hot shower and a bite to eat. You’ll feel better.”
If only his problems could be solved so easily. “I think I’ll just grab a room at a hotel nearby. I don’t want to venture too far, in case, you know, she needs me.”
A nurse approached, handing Drake his credit card. “There are a few forms you need to sign, but that can wait.”
J.T. leaned forward, bracing his forearms on his knees. “You’re takin’ care of all of her medical expenses?”
“Figured it was the least I could do.”
If she’d come after him for half of everything he owned, they probably would’ve settled for tens of millions of dollars, but she’d walked away with nothing except a suitcase full of clothes and some jewelry. She hadn’t even taken the most expensive pieces tucked away in the safe.
“You know she’d fight you on that if she could.” J.T. smirked. “She’s one of the most stubborn women I’ve ever met, except for my wife and daughter, maybe. I think that’s why I liked her so much, she reminded me of them.”
“Please don’t do that,” Drake whispered, closing his eyes.
“Do what?”
“Don’t talk about her in the past tense. I’m not ready to let her go yet.”
“Jesus, I’m sorry, man. I didn’t mean it like that.”
“It’s okay.” Drake raised his hand. “I know you didn’t.” Getting to his feet, he said, “We may as well get out of here.”
“Phil asked me to give them your contact information at the front desk,” J.T. said, falling in to step beside him.
“He told the doctor I was still her fiancée. That’s the only reason they let me in to see her.” He didn’t know how he would have reacted if they’d denied him access to her, but he suspected he may be sharing a cell with the son of a bitch who’d put Cassidy in here if Phil hadn’t intervened.
“I know. He told me.”
They travelled through the hospital in silence and Drake pulled a deep breath of crisp air into his lungs as soon as they got outside. It felt good, until his conscience reminded him that Cassidy may never know the simple pleasure of breathing fresh air again.

***

Cassidy tried to open her eyes, but it felt like metal clamps were holding her eyelids closed. She moaned, trying to talk, but nothing came out. It felt like a lead weight was resting on her chest, making speech impossible.
“It’s okay,” a familiar voice whispered, squeezing her hand. “Don’t try to talk. I’ll get the doctor.”
She tried to tell him she was fine, she didn’t need a doctor, but the words wouldn’t come.
After shuffling, shouting, and the sound of hurried footsteps, she heard another man’s voice.
“Well, it’s nice to see you’ve decided to rejoin us, Miss Ross. It was touch and go there for a while.”
She had no idea what he was talking about it and didn’t have the strength to ask him. Warm hands started poking and prodding her. She wanted to protest, but she felt like a prisoner inside of her own body. Feeling frustrated, she tried to sit up, but strong hands eased her back on the pillow.
“Easy now,” the calm male voice said. “You’ve been through quite an ordeal. You’re not ready to go anywhere just yet.”
She couldn’t argue with that. Opening her eyes and forming a sentence seemed like a monumental task. She couldn’t imagine the effort it would require to take a step.
“I’ll let you rest for now, but I’ll be back to check on you in a little while. Your fiancée can buzz the nurse if you need anything.”
Her fiancée? What was he talking about?
“Thank God you woke up. It’s been six days. I came back the morning after surgery and they told me they had to induce a coma so your body could start to heal. I was so afraid you were never gonna wake up.”
When she felt warm lips against her palm, she forced her eyes open a crack to see if she was actually seeing what she believed she was hearing. Was that really Drake’s voice? What was he doing here… pretending to be concerned about her?
“What…?” she whispered, when she saw his face.
“Sssh,” he said, clasping her hand a little tighter. “Don’t try to talk, baby. You’ve been through hell. It’ll all come back, I promise. I just don’t want you to rush it.”
“Happened?” she whispered, unable to string two words together.
“I don’t think we should talk about that right now. Maybe when you’re feelin’ stronger.”
“Pl…ease.”
He sighed and she heard the scrape of his chair across the floor as he got to his feet.
“It happened at the center. Apparently, you were trying to help one of the residents—”
“Bill,” she whispered. It was coming back to her. He attacked her. In the alley behind the center. He tried to… Her head started pounding and she tried to raise her hand to her temple, but was only able to lift it an inch or two before she was forced to let it fall back to rest on the bed. “Hurts.”
“I know, sweetheart,” Drake said, brushing his finger over her cheek. “Everything is gonna hurt for a while.”
She wanted to know why he was here, being so sweet to her, pretending he still cared when they both knew he despised her. “Where… is…?” Her throat was parched. She tried to swallow, but her mouth seemed too dry. “Bill?”
“That son of a bitch is in jail where he belongs. Lucky for him. Trust me, he’s safer in there ’cause if I ever get my hands on him, I’ll make him wish he’d never laid eyes on you.”
He sounded almost like the man she used to know. Fiercely protective of the people he loved. Except he didn’t love her anymore. He hadn’t for a long time.
“My… head… chest…” Her whole body ached. She had no idea the extent of her injuries, but it felt like she should be in a full body cast.
“I know. When they brought you in, you’d sustained internal injuries, a head injury, and collapsed lung. They had to perform surgery. Fortunately, they didn’t think you’d suffer permanent brain damage from the head injury, despite the swelling. You were lucky.”
She didn’t feel lucky. She felt wretched. “Phil?”
“He and Susan have been here every day to check on you, even though they wouldn’t let them in the room to see you. J.T. and Nikki have been here too.”
If Drake knew that Susan and Phil had been here every day it must have been because he’d been there as well. “Why?” She was frustrated with her inability to communicate her questions. She wanted answers and it seemed he was the only one who could provide them.
“Sweetheart,” he said, sitting down in the chair he’d vacated. “Please, don’t overdo it. I just want you to rest right now. I promise we’ll talk soon when you’re feeling up to it.” He brushed a gentle hand over her bandaged head.
“Now.” She didn’t want to wait days or weeks to find out why he was here playing the part of attentive lover when they both knew he could barely stand the sight of her. What was his angle?
Releasing her hand, he sat back in the chair, sighing. “Fine, I’ll tell you what I know. This Bill person...”
She tried to shake her head, but the slight action caused pain to ricochet through her skull, making her wince.
“Are you okay? Do you need something for the pain?”
“No.” Given her history, the last thing she needed was drugs to numb the pain. She’d rather endure every throbbing, stabbing, ache, pain and twinge than slip back into that cursed oblivion. Since she didn’t seem capable of voicing more than one word at a time, she had to hope he understood her meaning when she said, “You.”
He remained silent so long, she thought he was waiting for more, but he finally said, “You’re wondering why I’m here? That’s a fair question under the circumstances.”
“Hate…” A tear of frustration slid past her lashes. “Me.”
“No, baby,” he said, taking her hand in his. “I don’t hate you. I could never hate you.” He kissed her hand. “I was angry. I admit that, but I went too far. I’m sorry.”
He was asking for her forgiveness? Was he serious? There was so much she wanted to say, but couldn’t. Instead, she had to wait for him to continue.
“I was devastated when I found you with Lee, but that didn’t give me the right to ruin your life. I should have ended our relationship and just found a way to move on, but I couldn’t. I needed revenge. I needed to make you hurt the way I was hurting. I’m not proud of what I did, but…”
She didn’t blame him for trying to get even; he had every right to hate her. In his mind, she’d thrown away months of being clean and jumped in to bed with his brother while he was away on a business trip. On their anniversary no less.
True, she had cursed her ex a time or two when she couldn’t get a decent gig, when she had to walk because she couldn’t put gas in her car, or go without food because she didn’t have a dollar for a donut, but he wasn’t to blame. She was. She’d trusted the wrong person. Again. It seemed to be a pattern for her, and her poor judgement had finally landed her in this hospital bed, fighting for her life.
Drake didn’t have to tell her that her life had been hanging in the balance. She could feel the remnants of near-death in every pore of her body.
“S’okay.”
“No, it’s not okay. You wouldn’t be lying here if it wasn’t for me. I did this to you.”
“No.”
The nurse walked in and Cassidy was able to open her eyes just enough to see her sympathetic smile. “The doctor said we can move you to a private room today, Cassidy. Of course, you’ll have to spend a couple more weeks with us, but then you’ll be free to go home and recuperate.”
“No… home.”
She saw Drake and the nurse exchange a brief look before he said, “She’ll be comin’ home with me.”
“No!” The strain of raising her voice took its toll and Cassidy winced.
“Relax, sweetheart,” Drake said, rubbing her forearm. “We have time to sort all this out.”
At least now she understood why he was here trying to help her. He was feeling guilty. The only thing she had left was her pride. There was no way she would become his charity case. No matter how bleak things seemed, she would find a way to pull through. She always did.
The nurse nodded in deference and bowed out of the room, leaving them alone to discuss her situation.
“Go,” she whispered.
“I’m not leaving you to deal with all this on your own.”
Something the nurse said finally resonated. How was she going to pay for a private room? She couldn’t even imagine the medical costs associated with surgery and weeks in a hospital. Not to mention the follow-up visits and physical therapy. “No insur…” Another tear slipped down her cheek. “Ance.”
“It’s okay. I’m gonna take care of everything. You don’t have to worry about a thing.”
Drake was a wealthy man. A few hundred thousand dollars in hospital expenses wouldn’t be a hardship for him, but there was no way she would allow him to feel responsible for her care. “No.”
He sighed. “Cassidy, you don’t have a choice. You have no other way of paying for your medical expenses. You need to let me help you.”
For the first time since she woke up, the despair began to take hold. She had nothing. No home, no career, a broken, battered body. No family, only a select few friends. Was it even worth fighting anymore? “I want…” She’d never allowed herself voice her hopelessness aloud before, not even with Phil, but she’d never been physically immobile, facing months of recuperation before.
“What do you want?” he asked, sounding anxious. “Anything. Just tell me and I’ll get it for you.”
“To die.”
She heard his gasp, but she wouldn’t retract the words even if she could. She’d fought so hard for so long. She was tired. Tired of fighting. Tired of believing that her life could get better when it just kept getting worse. She just wanted to slip away. Maybe what was waiting for her on the other side would be better than the hell she was living in.


Chapter Seven
Drake felt her words with the force of a bullet spiralling through his body. “Don’t say that. Don’t even think that.”
He’d been sitting by her bed for days, barely taking time to go home for food and a shower. He’d put everything, including his work, on hold to sit by her bedside, even though the doctors told him she wasn’t ready to wake up yet.
He’d once heard that comatose patients heard everything that was happening around them, so he talked to her, read to her, played music for her, just so she would know someone was there. She wasn’t alone anymore.
“I know you’re in pain, but it’s gonna get better. You’ll see, every day will get better.”
“No.”
A heartbreaking sob got trapped in her throat and Drake could have cried with her, but he forced himself to hold it together. “It will, honey. You have to believe that.”
“Won’t.”
Drake knew she wasn’t referring to the physical pain anymore. Her life had been a struggle since the day she was born. Her only reprieve had been their brief time together. He couldn’t blame her for feeling the situation was hopeless, but he wouldn’t let her give up. “Whatever it takes,” he whispered, fiercely. “I’m gonna be with you every step of the way. I promise.”
“Don’t…” She tried to draw a breath and winced in pain. “Want… you.”
The weight of her words fell on his chest, making his heart feel heavy. Trying to choke back the disappointment, he said, “Well, I’m you’re only option. So it looks like you’re stuck with me.” The words for better or worse were floating around in his head, but they sounded too permanent and he knew she would surely resist a permanent arrangement, especially since… she didn’t want him anymore.
That was a bitter pill to swallow. He’d been sitting with her for endless hours and during that time he’d allowed his mind to wander. He remembered the good times they’d shared. The sound of her laughter, the twinkle in her beautiful eyes, the unparalleled sound of her voice when she belted out a ballad. He’d love this woman once. He thought maybe, just maybe, with time and patience, they could get back what they had. But obviously, that was not to be.
“Go.”
Leaving was the last thing he wanted to do, but he knew she needed her rest and he didn’t want to upset her. “Fine,” he said, standing. “I’ll be back later.”
“Don’t,” she whispered.
There was no way he could stay away from her. He knew she needed him, whether she was willing to admit it or not. “Don’t do this,” he pleaded. “Please don’t shut me out.”
“Don’t… come…” She gasped. “Back.”

***

It was discharge day for Cassidy, and the doctors refused to sign her release papers until they were satisfied she had a safe place to convalesce with someone who was able and willing to take care of her. Of course, her fake fiancé had stepped up to the plate, insisting she would be in good hands with him.
She had asked Drake to leave her alone, but he refused to listen. The one and only day he hadn’t stopped in to visit, she had to admit she missed him.
Living under his roof for a month or two while her body continued to heal would be torture, but he was right, it was her only option since going back to the center in her condition wasn’t feasible.
She was surprised when his driver took them in the opposite direction of his downtown penthouse. “You moved?” she asked, stealing a glance at him.
“Yeah, to Brentwood.” He slipped his phone back in his pocket. “I like it out there.”
“What’s not to like?”
He smiled. “True.”
Their eyes locked and she said the words she should have said before. “Thank you.”
“It’s my pleasure.” His eyes travelled over her body. “You’re looking better every day.”
Most of the bruises were starting to fade and she was finally able to walk without an aid. She was feeling a little bit stronger every day. “Thanks, I think,” she said, brushing her fingertips over the faint yellow bruise on one of her cheekbones.
“You’re still gorgeous,” he whispered.
“Liar.” She couldn’t hide her smile. It had been so long since he’d offered her a compliment, she’d forgotten how a few choice words could make her feel so special.
“You are.” He glanced at the cleavage peeking out of her fitted, zippered hoodie, quickly tearing his eyes away when she raised an eyebrow in question. “But you’ve lost too much weight. My housekeeper, Dora, will fix you up in no time.”
“I don’t want your staff waiting on me, Drake. I’m perfectly capable of preparing a simple meal for myself.” The doctors told her to listen to her body’s cues. Rest when necessary, engage in light activity when she had the energy. She intended to heal as quickly as possible so she could move out of his home and return to her own life.
“I don’t want you to lift a finger.” He pointed at her, scowling. “I mean it, Cassidy. I have a staff to cater to your every need while you’re recovering. Caleb will take you anywhere you need to go, including doctors’ appointments and physio, but he’s under strict instructions not to let you overdo it. He’ll be there to help you to and from the doctor’s office, if need be.”
She rolled her eyes. “I don’t need someone to babysit me.”
“I’m not going to risk a setback because you’re too damn stubborn to ask for help when you need it. That’s why you ended up in this mess in the first place.” He released a breath, looking a little contrite. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that. What happened wasn’t your fault, but…” He raked a hand through his hair. “I still can’t believe you were staying in a place like that. What the hell were you thinking?”
Cassidy couldn’t blame him for questioning her about her living arrangements. To a man like Drake, living in abject poverty would seem unimaginable. “I was thinking it was time to get my life together.” She looked at him out of the corner of her eye before quickly turning her attention back to the passing scenery. “When I moved out of your place, I needed to figure out how to get my life back on track. Phil and the center helped me to do that.”
“Why the hell didn’t you come after me for a settlement? Given my state of mind at the time, I can’t deny I probably would have fought you, but no matter how hard I fought, I’m sure you would have walked away with enough money to start over.”
After what went down between them, she would have been too ashamed to lay claim to anything belonging to Drake. “It was all yours. None of it was mine.”
“Yeah, but you could’ve made a case for—”
“I didn’t want it, Drake.” Keeping the car and ring had been hard enough. Her pride wouldn’t allow her to support herself on his dime after allowing him to believe the worst of her.
“If I’d known you were living like that, I would have done something about it. In spite of what you might think of me, I’m not a monster.”
“I never thought you were.” He’d always been kind, loving and supportive to her during their relationship. He picked her up when she stumbled and reassured her she had the talent to make a name for herself in Nashville, with or without his connections.
“Shutting you out the way I did was—”
“Justified,” she said, quickly. She couldn’t stand to hear him berate himself, given the lie he’d had to live with the past year. “You did what you had to do.”
“I guess I underestimated how much you wanted to make it in this business, huh?” His lips turned up at the corners, not quite a smile, more of a begrudging show of appreciation. “I thought you’d turn tail and run back home.”
“Why? There’s nothing for me there.” She wasn’t one to feel sorry for herself, but she was a realist. “I may have been able to secure a job slinging hash like my mama, but I could do that anywhere. I sure as hell didn’t have to go back to Georgia to find a job as a waitress in some greasy truck stop. Besides, there are too many bad memories back home. That’s the last place I want to be.”
“I admire you,” he said quietly. “There’s not many people who would’ve stuck it out here with the kind of obstacles you were facing. It’s hard enough to catch a break in this town, but with a guy like me working behind the scenes to block you at every turn… Hell, that would’ve broken a lesser person’s spirit.”
“What choice did I have?” she said, daring to look him in the eye. “No money, no family, no education. The only thing I have is my voice.”
“I’m sorry I tried to take that away from you,” he whispered. “That was a really lousy thing to do.”
She’d never wanted or expected him to show remorse for his actions. If anyone should apologize, it was her. “Nothing less than you felt I deserved. Like I said, you were justified.”
He grinned. “Damn, you’re stubborn, lady. Can we just agree to disagree about this?”
“Sure,” she said, shrugging. “But first, I want to say what I tried to say that night, I’m sorry I hurt you.”
“Don’t,” he said quietly, gripping his phone in his fist. “I don’t wanna talk about what happened that night.”
She knew better than to push, so she let it go. There was nothing more she could say anyway and there was no sense rehashing the past. It wouldn’t change the present and they had no future.
Drake was occupied for the rest of the ride to his estate, taking calls and responding to emails. She flipped through one of the magazines she’d brought from the hospital, pretending to read the articles highlighting the biggest and brightest stars in country music.
She tried to conceal her appreciation when the stone and stucco mansion came in to view, but it wasn’t easy. She’d never even seen a house that big, much less been an invited guest. “Will I be staying in the guest house?” she asked, pointing to a much smaller building near the pool.
“Nice try,” he said, smirking. “If you think I’d leave you out there to your own devices, you don’t know me as well as I thought you did.”
Suddenly desperate to make him see reason, she said, “It may be easier for me to make my way around a place that size. It looks like just making it from one end of your house to the other may be exhausting.”
She started to panic. The last thing she wanted was to get comfortable living in the lap of luxury, especially when she would be returning to Phil’s center in a matter of weeks. It was important for her to remember where she came from so she wouldn’t get caught up in some silly fantasy, playing house with Drake.
“No worries,” he said, slipping his iPhone into the pocket of his leather blazer. “If you need anything, Dora can get it for you. You’re welcome to stay in our wing if you don’t feel like venturing too far at first.”
“Our wing?” she asked, her voice betraying her concern.
“Yeah, you’ll have the suite next to mine.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” she said, wringing her hands.
“Of course it is. Dora is at the opposite end of the house. This way, if you need anything at night, I’ll be there to…” He licked his lips. “See to your needs.”
Damn her traitorous body for responding as though he was propositioning her. He was merely trying to be a good host, not get her back in to his bed. “I don’t want to inconvenience you.” She knew she was grasping at straws, but felt compelled to try convincing him an alternative arrangement would be in their best interest. “I know how busy you are. You need your sleep and I really don’t want to be a bother.”
He chuckled, lowering his head. “I don’t recall ever considering it a bother when you woke me up in the middle of the night, darlin’.”
Her face flamed when she thought of all the times she’d woken him with a gentle caress intended to entice him. “I, uh…” Before she could respond, the limo driver was opening the door and offering his hand.
She looked up, taken aback by the man smiling down at her. He was gorgeous. Tall with sandy blond hair, deep green eyes that crinkled at the corners, and a flash of white teeth that revealed a single dimple in his left cheek. Wow.
“Miss Ross,” he said, his smile indicating he was amused by her obvious perusal.
“Oh, sorry,” she said, blushing as she reached for his hand. “Thank you.” She caught a whiff of spicy cologne as she invaded his space, prompting her to draw a deep breath. Yummy.
Getting out of the car, Drake narrowed his eyes as looked from his chauffeur to his house guest. “Caleb,” he said, gesturing to Cassidy. “Miss Ross will be staying with me for the next couple of months while she recuperates from an accident. As I mentioned earlier, I want you to tend to her…” He clenched his jaw, as though he was reconsidering his directive. “I want you to take her to and from appointments, that’s it. She claims she’ll be fine to make it in to the doctor’s office by herself. Unless you’ve changed your mind about that?” he asked Cassidy, raising an eyebrow.
Obviously he wasn’t happy that she’d shown an interest in his driver. Not that she was interested. She just hadn’t expected him to look like that. “No, I’ll be fine on my own,” she said, smiling up at Caleb. “Thank you.”
“Fine,” Drake said, between his teeth. “You can wait for her in the car when you accompany her to appointments.”
“Yes, sir,” Caleb said, winking as he tipped his hat at Cassidy. “It’ll be my pleasure.”
Drake reached for Cassidy’s hand. “I don’t think we’ll be needing your services any more tonight.”
She tried to ignore the shiver that ran up her arm at the intimate gesture. She’d expected Drake to take her arm to help her navigate the stairs, not her hand.
“Would you like me to bring your Ferrari around, sir?” Caleb asked. “My mother said you were attending an event this evening.”
“I’ve changed my mind. I want to make sure Cassidy gets settled in.”
“You don’t have to cancel your plans on my account,” Cassidy said quickly. She already felt like she was invading his privacy. The last thing she wanted was for him to rearrange his life around her.
“Yeah,” Caleb said, smiling at her. “I’d be happy to keep her company if you have to go out, Mr. Elliott.”
“That won’t be necessary,” Drake said, grasping her hand tighter as they slowly made their way up the stone steps. “That’ll be all, thank you.”
“Geez, are you always so short with your employees?” she asked, shooting a glance over her shoulder at Caleb.
Caleb was standing by the driver’s door, watching her navigate the stairs. Grinning, he saluted her.
“Only when they ogle my house guests.”
She rolled her eyes. “He wasn’t ogling me.”
“Sure as hell looked that way to me.”
She nudged him gently. “You almost sound like you’re jealous, Drake.”
Once they were at the top of the stairs, he shocked her by framing her face with his hands and leaning in to kiss her.
Her response was automatic. Without even thinking, she leaned in to him, opening for his sensual exploration. For a brief second, she was able to pretend they were still lovers and the kiss was just a prelude.
“What was that about?” she whispered. She knew her eyes must be glazed with lust and confusion when she finally withdrew from his embrace, but she couldn’t pretend being back in his arms hadn’t affected her.
“God,” he groaned, dipping his head to brush his lips against hers once more. The kiss quickly turned passionate before the sound of a car engine broke their trance. “That was supposed to have been for Caleb’s benefit, but…” He stared in to her eyes. “I’d almost let myself forget the way you taste, the way you kiss me when you’re turned on…” His hands spanned her waist and he pressed his arousal in to her flat stomach.
“Drake,” she said, bringing her fingertips to her swollen lips. “That shouldn’t have happened. I mean, we can’t let it happen again.”
“Yeah, I know,” he said. His hand skimmed over her waist, resting on her hip. “It won’t.”
He didn’t sound convinced, but instead of pressing the point while she was still trembling from the after effects, she turned toward the door, hoping he would take the hint.
He turned the burnished knob and gestured for her to enter ahead of him.
Cassidy didn’t know where to look first. His home was like a feast for the eyes. High ceilings, ornate mouldings, gilded wood furniture, opulent fabric adorning the soft furnishings and highlighting the incredible view of the impressive gardens.
“Wow,” she whispered. The apartments and trailers she’d lived in growing up could have fit in the foyer. “This is…”
He smirked. “A bit much, I know.”
“No, it’s stunning.” She looked up and her lips formed an “O” at the sight of the Swarovski crystal chandelier hanging overhead.
“I’m glad you like it.”
A woman wearing a pink apron came out of the kitchen. “There you are,” she said.
Her accent was British, and her smile warm and inviting. She was pleasantly plump with a soft blond bob. Cassidy guessed she might be the same age as her own mother, though Elizabeth Ross’s lifestyle made her look ten years older.
“Dora, I’m glad you’re here,” Drake said. “I’d like you to meet my house guest, Cassidy Ross. Cassidy, this is Dora Wright, Caleb’s mother.”
“It’s so nice to meet you, Mrs. Wright,” Cassidy said, extending her hand.
“Please, call me Dora,” she said, taking Cassidy’s hand in both of hers.
“Dora’s husband, Harry, works security at the gatehouse. You’ll meet him soon enough,” Drake said.
“I look forward to it,” Cassidy said, smiling at Drake’s housekeeper.
“I’ve decided I won’t be going out after all, Dora. You can set the table in the dining room and call us when dinner is ready. I’m going to show Cassidy to her room.”
“Take your time,” Dora said, waving them off. “I’ll be taking the roast out in about twenty minutes.”
“That’s perfect,” he said, taking Cassidy’s hand as he led her toward a winding staircase. Looking up the dozens of stairs leading to the top, he said, “Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. These stairs—”
“It’s fine,” she said, reaching for the wood capping off the hand-made gilded iron railing. “The physiotherapist told me exercise is good for me.”
“If you say so,” he muttered, holding her other hand as he slipped a protective arm around her waist. The staircase was wide enough for him to fall in to step beside her.
Leaning in to him, allowing him to support her with his strength, would have been too easy. Cassidy had to learn to stand on her own again, without Drake’s help. “I’m fine,” she whispered, embarrassed by his attention.
He looked down at her, his gaze falling to her lips. “Humor me.”
By the time they made it to the top of the stairs, Cassidy was feeling winded. Her punctured lung was healing nicely according to the doctors, but she still struggled to breathe normally at times.
“Are you okay?” he asked, when they got to the top of the stairs. He turned her to face him, his hands on her hips as his eyes searched her face for some sign of distress.
“I’m fine,” she said, trying to draw shallow breaths. “I just need a minute to catch my breath.”
He glared at the path they’d just navigated. “Damn it. I knew that was gonna be too much for you. Why don’t I have a hospital bed brought in? We’ll set it up in the sitting room downstairs and—”
“No,” she said, pressing her palm into his chest. She pulled it away quickly as she felt his taut muscle flex in response to her touch. “That won’t be necessary.” Feeling a little stronger, she drew a breath. “I just want to feel normal again. Don’t get me wrong, I really appreciate everything you’ve done for me…” Just thinking about how much her hospital bills must have cost made her head hurt. She vowed she would pay him back every cent… somehow.
“But you want me to stop hovering?” He gave her a lop-sided grin. “I can promise I’ll try, but…” He brushed a strand of hair off her face. “When I think about what that sick bastard did to you, I just wanna protect you.”
Shocked by his fierce possessiveness, Cassidy tried to make light of it when she recovered enough to speak. “I was in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong man. If I learned one thing, it’s that I can’t save the world.”
“No, you can’t. You need to worry about taking care of yourself right now, and until you can do that, I’m gonna be right there whenever you need someone to lean on.”
She knew his motivation was borne of guilt and sorrow for her plight, not love, but it was still nice to have his support. “Thanks, but I won’t get used to it.” She squared her shoulders. “I’ll be out of your hair just as soon as I can. I promise.”


Chapter Eight
Drake couldn’t remember the last time he’d enjoyed a woman’s company as much. Yes, he could. It was just over a year ago when Cassidy had surprised him with his favorite dinner for his birthday. She hadn’t been able to afford an expensive gift, but she’d done everything in her power to make the night unforgettable. She’d succeeded. His recent birthday had paled in comparison.
“I can’t believe you produced that album,” she said, her eyes shining with excitement. “It’s my favorite. They’re so talented, aren’t they?”
For a split second Drake allowed himself to forget their history. He was able to pretend she was in his home as his wife, sharing a meal at the end of a long day. That’s how it would have been, if not for… He wouldn’t let himself go there, not tonight.
Refilling her wine glass, he said, “Working with them has been a lot of fun. They’ve got a bright future ahead of them in this business.”
She brought her glass to her lips and a look of sorrow passed her face. “Lucky them.”
“Are you still writing music?” he asked.
“I am,” she said, taking a sip of wine before setting it back down on the table.
She’d barely touched the fine vintage, explaining that she preferred not to overindulge, given her history with drug abuse. He respected the fact that she’d managed the pain virtually on her own, using meditation and visualization techniques Phil had taught her. Drake didn’t understand it, but if it gave her relief from the pain without putting her at risk of a setback, he was all for it.
He couldn’t deny she wasn’t the same woman she’d been when they were together. She was stronger, more confident. As though the struggles she’d had to endure this past year had built her up instead of torn her down.
“I’d love to hear some of your new material,” he said, raising his wine glass to his lips. He hesitated, waiting for her to respond. When she looked uncertain, he said, “You don’t want to share them with me?”
“Um, I haven’t shared them with anyone. They’re deeply personal. Writing about my experiences has been an important part of the healing process for me.”
“That’s understandable, Cassidy. You’re a song writer. That’s how writers express themselves, right?” He’d always been in awe of her talent as a song writer. He knew she could have made a name for herself selling her music to recording artists, but she guarded her body of work in the hopes she would one day make it to the big stage and be able to perform her songs for her fans.
“I guess so.” She tossed the napkin beside her plate and shifted in her seat as though she was trying to work out an ache or pain. “Writing has always been a part of me. It’s like my muse is my guide. The very best part of me.” She smiled. “She knows what to say and what not to say, where I need to go and how I’m going to get there.” Laughing, she said, “She’s much smarter than I am.”
“You’re a lot smarter than you give yourself credit for.” He reached for her hand, helping her to her feet. “Let’s go in to the living room and relax for a bit before we turn in.”
Dora had been in to collect their plates and offer dessert and coffee more than an hour before. She wished them a good night and said she was turning in to finish reading a book she couldn’t tear herself away from.
Drake had enjoyed watching the natural rapport developing between Dora and Cassidy. She was very maternal, exactly the kind of person Cassidy needed in her life. He hoped they would develop a solid friendship during the time Cassidy spent with them.
She settled on the oversized chair, he on the sofa. He was hoping she would join him, but after that impromptu kiss on his front porch, she was probably afraid to get too close.
He looked up and caught her gazing longingly at the baby grand piano in the corner of the room. “If you’d like to play, you’re more than welcome.”
“Oh no,” she said, biting her bottom lip. “I couldn’t. I mean, it’s been a while.”
He frowned. “Do you still play guitar?”
“Um, no,” she said, dipping her head.
He could see the blush stain her cheeks. She was obviously embarrassed by his line of questioning, but he was too curious to relent. “What happened to yours?” He knew she’d waited tables in high school for two whole summers to be able to afford it. It wasn’t a showpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but she claimed it had sentimental value.
“It was stolen… from the center. I guess one of the residents was desperate for drug money.” She lifted a shoulder and he could tell how much it was costing her to act nonchalant about losing such a big part of herself. “They wouldn’t have gotten much for it.” She forced a smile. “I didn’t think it was worth anything to anyone but me.”
“How do you write without access to instruments?”
“I usually borrow from the guys in the band when I can. You know, write the lyrics first and then work out the melody when I can snag a guitar for a couple of hours at a time.”
He caught her rubbing the bare spot on the ring finger of her left hand. “I’m sorry that bastard took your ring.”
Her eyes welled up with tears but she quickly looked away, hiding her eyes from him. “He demanded the ring, but I put up a fight. I know it was stupid, but I told him he couldn’t have it. That’s when things got really ugly.”
Drake hated the fact that she’d almost lost her life over a material possession that represented a week’s salary for him. “It wasn’t worth it,” he said, watching her carefully, hoping he could convince her to let her guard down and talk about what happened that night.
“It was worth it to me,” she said quietly. “He was trying to take not one, but two things that are precious to me.”
He frowned, trying to follow her train of thought. “Two things? What else did he want? The car?”
“My body,” she whispered.
It was nearly impossible for Drake to suppress the rage when he thought about how that night must have impacted Cassidy.
“There was a time when I gave my body freely and hated myself for it.”
He remembered her confiding in him about her promiscuity during her teen years. She said she just wanted to feel loved, so she began to equate sex with love in her drug-induced state. It wasn’t until she went into a recovery program that she began to see acknowledge how wrong she was.
“So I decided I wouldn’t have sex again unless…” She glanced at him quickly before tearing her eyes away. “I was married.”
He couldn’t hide his shock at that statement. He’d often used sex as a coping mechanism this past year and assumed she had been doing the same. “Are you serious?”
“I guess you could say I’m a born-again virgin.” She smiled. “It’s been good for me.”
Drake couldn’t imagine how living without sex could be a good thing. He didn’t know if she was sharing this information because she wanted him to know she hadn’t been with anyone else or because she was trying to tell him she didn’t intend to let the kiss they’d shared evolve in to something more.
She cleared her throat delicately. “After the mistake I made with Lee, I couldn’t even think about being intimate with someone else.”
He didn’t want to talk about what happened that night, but he sensed it was an important part of her healing process so he let her continue without interrupting her.
“He used me and I hated that I let him.”
Drake still had so much repressed anger about that night. He hadn’t seen or spoken to his brother since, nor did he want to, yet here he was with the woman who’d betrayed him. He knew letting Cassidy back in to his life wasn’t the smartest decision he’d ever made, but his conscience wouldn’t let him rest knowing she’d been forced to go back to that center.
When the silence lingered, she pointed at the piano. “Are you sure you don’t mind?”
“By all means.” He watched her slide on to the bench carefully and he knew her body had a long way to go before it was fully healed. He was glad she was here with him, so he could make sure she took care of herself.
Caressing the keys with her slim fingers, she closed her eyes and the room filled with the sweet melody of a song he’d never heard before.
He stared at her, mesmerized, as the music transformed her in to someone he hadn’t seen in a long time. Gone was the sweet, shy girl with a world of hurt in her big, brown eyes. In her place was a strong, confident woman who knew she’d been blessed with an incredible gift.
The song speared his soul because he knew every word had come straight from her heart. It was a song about love, loss, and finding a way to move on when the only recourse was surrendering to an early demise.
She looked up at him, her eyes shining with unshed tears.
“That night in the hospital…” He cleared his throat as her words resonated in his head. “Did you really think about taking your life?”
“When you feel like hope is gone, sometimes it seems like the only solution,” she said quietly, looking down at her hands as they stroked the keys. “But I’m a fighter. I’ve had to be. Checking out too soon is the coward’s way out…” She looked him in the eye. “No matter what you might think of me, I’m not a coward, Drake.”
He sucked in a breath, struck by the conviction he heard in her words. “I never thought you were.”
“I stayed in Nashville because I had something to prove to you and myself. I’m not a quitter and I refuse to believe that God blessed me with this gift because he intended for me to waste it. I believe I’m supposed to share it. Even if it’s just singing in the church choir—”
“Wait a minute,” he said, holding his hand up. “You’re telling me you sing in the church choir?”
She laughed at his obvious astonishment. “Believe me, no one is more surprised by that turn of events than I was. Phil and Susan take turns going to church every Sunday, since they can’t leave the center unattended. Susan invited me to go with her once. I was reluctant at first, but I was surprised to find that I felt at home there. Outside of the center, it was the first place I’d felt truly accepted.”
He tried not to take it personally, knowing she’d never felt he accepted her completely. “I’m glad you found a place you feel you belong.”
“It’s really helped me put my life into perspective,” she said, smiling. “I’d never considered myself a spiritual person before, but now I’m beginning to think there may be a purpose for me to be here after all.”
“I know there is, Cassidy.” They shared a smile and she shifted on the bench, facing him. “Did you always know what you wanted to do with your life?”
He realized she’d never asked him that question before. “Yeah, I think so.” He chuckled. “If I’d been as gifted as you are, I probably would’ve wanted to be front and center, but since that wasn’t in the cards for me…”
She rolled her eyes, sending him a message that she didn’t feel sorry for him. “Poor baby. Instead of being a struggling musician like me, you get to produce dozens of multi-platinum selling artists. Forgive me if I don’t feel sorry for you.”
It had always been easy for Drake to handle criticism and he learned early on that he had to develop a thick skin if he wanted to survive in this business. “Things worked out the way they were supposed to,” he said, inclining his head toward the piano. “You have your gifts and I have mine.”
“Yeah,” she said, gesturing to the opulence surrounding them. “But your gifts bought you all this and mine doesn’t even put food on the table. Sometimes I think I came out with the short end of the stick.”
“No, you didn’t,” he said with certainty. “Music is the way you express yourself. Anyone can see that. Without your music, you never would’ve been able to overcome the addiction that was stealing your life and will to live.”
“You’re right,” she said, nodding her head. “As a kid, it was always my coping mechanism. I’d go to my room, put on my headphones and get lost for hours… just writing. Without that ability to escape, I probably would have ended up like my sister.”
“Have you seen Katie since that night?”
“No.” Her eyes were filled with sadness when she said, “I realized it wasn’t a healthy relationship. I had to let her go to find her own way, just like I had to find mine.”
Drake knew how much Cassidy loved her baby sister. She wanted more than anything to save her from herself. “Do you think she has?”
“I hope so.”
“How about your mother?” he asked. “Do you ever hear from her?”
“No.” She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “I’ve made too many bad choices in my life because of toxic relationships. I had to make a choice. Them or me.”
“You made the right choice.”
“Thanks,” she said, smiling. “I think so too.”
He hadn’t expected her to have matured so much this past year. The girl he’d fallen in love with had still been trying to find herself in so many ways. It seemed she now had a clarity she hadn’t had before. “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
He was humbled by her willingness to share so much of herself with him in light of their tumultuous past. “If you could turn back time and do things differently, would you?”
“Definitely,” she said without hesitation. “Had I been born into a different family, I may have believed college was an option for me. I would’ve worked harder in high school to get the grades I needed…”
“It’s never too late to go to college,” he said, crossing his arms. “What would you study?”
She laughed. “Music, obviously.”
“It so happens there’s a great school right here in Nashville,” he said, grinning.
“Maybe,” she said, shrugging. “You never know what the future may hold, right?” Getting to her feet, she stretched her arms out, working out the stiffness. “I’m going to head upstairs now. Thanks for dinner and staying home to keep me company tonight. It was really nice.”
“It was my pleasure.” Given the choice between a quiet dinner at home with her and an A-list party at one of the city’s hot spots, he’d still choose her every time. Which scared the hell out of him. Not only was he still attracted to her, he was beginning to like and respect her in a way he never had before. It was going to be difficult to guard his heart against this woman.

***

Cassidy woke early the next morning and peeked inside the walk-in closet. At Drake’s request, Phil had delivered her meager belongings to his home and Dora had been kind enough to unpack for her before she got home from the hospital. She had to remind herself this wasn’t her home. It was Drake’s. She was just a temporary houseguest.
A soft knock on the door startled her. “Come in,” she called, expecting to see Dora.
Instead, Drake was standing there, his hair was still damp and he was wearing faded, torn jeans and a tight black T-shirt. Lord have mercy, the man doesn’t make it easy to be a good girl.
Tearing her gaze away from him, she pretended to look through the closet. There were only a few outfits hanging there so it didn’t take long. “Good morning.”
“Hey, I thought you might like to take a drive after breakfast. Maybe even visit a few antique shops. That is if you’re up to it?”
That had been one of her favorite Sunday pastimes when they were a couple. But that was then. Now, she didn’t have a home to display treasured antiques, not that she could afford them even if she did. “Thanks, but I thought I’d ask Caleb to take me to church this morning. If he’s available.”
He scowled at that. “No, he’s not.” He softened his tone. “I mean, I can take you.”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“I want to.”
She knew it was pointless to argue with him when he’d made up his mind about something. “If you’re sure you don’t have anything else to do.”
“I’m all yours.”
If only that were true. “Okay, thanks. I just need to grab a quick shower. I’ll be down in a bit.”
“Do you need any help?”
She looked up, expecting him to be embarrassed by his blunder, but the lascivious grin spreading across his face told her he knew exactly what he said and how it would be perceived.
Shaking her head while trying to hide her smile, she said, “No, I think I can handle it. Thanks for the offer though.”
He glanced at her unmade bed before pointing to the adjoining bathroom. “Maybe I should wait here, just in case.”
Rolling her eyes, she said. “That won’t be necessary.”
“You’re no fun,” he muttered, closing the door behind him.
Cassidy was pleasantly surprised the uncomfortable tension between them seemed to be dissipating the more time they spent together. She wasn’t foolish enough to believe he would ever be able to forgive or forget what she had done, but maybe he would end his crusade to ruin her life.
In spite of her promise to be quick, she took her time in the shower. With jets pulsating all over her body, she could have gladly hidden away in there all day. Standing in front of the mirror with a towel wrapped around her, she directed the hair dryer at the mirror so she could see her reflection.
It was still difficult to look at the fading bruises around her neck without thinking about that night. Running her fingertips over her fading scars, she sighed. With no other options, she knew she would have to go back to the center soon. She would be on guard with new residents from now on though…
She must’ve been deep in thought because she didn’t hear the light tap on the bathroom door until it was too late.
Drake was standing there staring at her, fisting the doorknob so hard his knuckles turned white. “Jesus,” he whispered, staring at the marks marring her body.
Her face flamed with shame and embarrassment as she tried to turn away and hide from him.
“Don’t,” he said, closing the door behind him. “You have nothing to be ashamed of, sweetheart. He’s the one who’s should feel remorseful, and believe me, if I ever get my hands on him, I’ll make sure he does.” His words were soft, but laced with venom as his eyes scanned the parts of her body not hidden by the towel.
He was too close, invading her personal space.
She sucked in a breath and tried to retreat as he reached for the towel. “What are you…?” Before she could stop him, he’d bared her body to his roaming eyes. “Drake, I…” Her eyes filled with tears as he scanned every inch of her, taking in the injuries still visible to the naked eye.
“It’s okay,” he said, taking a step closer. His touch was so gentle tears sprung to her eyes as his fingertips skimmed her neck. He bent his head and dropped kisses over the ugly discolorations marking her skin.
“Please,” she said, holding on to his broad shoulders. She didn’t know if she was pleading with him to stop or continue. When he touched her like that, like maybe he still felt something other than contempt for her, her heart gave in to hope.
“I would never have let anyone hurt you like this if we were still…” His words fell away as his mouth began a gentle perusal of her skin.
“I…” She didn’t know what to say or how to respond. It had been so long since a man held her like this and she would give anything to forget the last time, the night that turned her dream of happily ever after into a terrifying nightmare.
“Let me help you to heal,” he whispered, drawing her closer, holding her in the protective circle of his strong arms.
She knew it would take years for her to heal. This latest episode was one of many violations she’d had endure in her thirty years on this earth. She could only pray it would be the last. “You can’t help me,” she whispered, knowing she had to find the strength from within. “I let you take care of me once before. I can’t do that again.” She’d allowed herself to live in a sheltered cocoon with Drake, believing for the first time in her life someone would be there to take care of her. But one night changed everything and it was a bitter reminder that the only person she could count on was herself.
He tipped his head back to look her in the eye as his hands rested on her hips. “You can’t tell me you don’t still want me.”
“I told you, I don’t do casual sex anymore.”
“Who says that’s what I’m proposing?”
Her heart may be torn between loving and letting go, but in her head, she had already moved on. She and Drake were from two different worlds. Their paths weren’t meant to merge again. “We can’t go back,” she said, reaching up to touch his face. “Not even if we wanted to.”
He leaned in, brushing his cheek against hers as he whispered in her ear. “I haven’t forgotten what it was like between us. The way you used to love me…”
She hadn’t forgotten either. She’d assumed having to live with those memories, a cruel reminder of what could’ve been, was her punishment for making the mistake of trusting the wrong people.
“I did love you,” she said, tipping her head back to look him in the eye. If she could convince him of that and they could lie their bitterness and hurt to rest once and for all, this whole ordeal would have been worth it. “I hope you believe that.”
“I do,” he said, quietly. He threaded his hand through her damp hair, cupping the back of her neck. “You couldn’t have faked that.”
Closing her eyes, she revelled in his admission. Cassidy had waited so long to hear him acknowledge her love for him. She’d almost convinced herself the day would never come. “You were the best thing that ever happened to me. I want you to know that.”
He didn’t say anything, just stared at her, as though he was battling an internal struggle between his heart and head.
“No one ever loved me the way you did.” She stood on her toes, pressing a chaste kiss to his lips. “Thank you for that, Drake.”
He held her close, refusing to let her go when she tried to draw away.
She should have felt self-conscious about her state of undress, but his gentle, reverent touch made her feel worshipped. “I want us to be friends. If you think that’s possible?” She held her breath, waiting for a response she began to think may never come.
“You want to be my friend?”
“I could use a friend like you,” she whispered. “Not because of what you can do for me.”
“No?”
“You made me believe in myself. I really need to feel that way again.” She hated asking for help, but she knew he was one of the few people with the power to help her tackle the task of re-building her fragmented life.
“I can help you with that,” he said, burying his face in her neck. “The hard part is gonna be keeping my hands off you.”
She smiled at his dilemma. It was nice to know he still found her attractive, even in her current state. Taking his hands in hers, she set them at his sides. “I just need a friend, not a lover.” Giving Drake her body while he still had her heart in the palm of his hand would be too risky. She already had enough problems, she didn’t need to complicate things with sex.
“I understand.” He drew a deep breath and took a step back, raising both hands. “Friends it is.”

***

Cassidy had been staying at Drake’s house for two weeks when she hatched a plan to sneak out of his fortress. Caleb, her partner in crime, agreed to take her to Jimmy’s while Drake was out of town on business. He was supposed to return this evening, but she only intended to stay at the bar for a quick lunch with J.T. He’d called to check on her condition and she found out he would be at Jimmy’s that afternoon. Swearing J.T. to secrecy, she promised to stop by and see him later.
She found J.T. sitting in a booth at the rear of the bar with his laptop when she arrived.
His face split in to a wide grin as he rose to his feet. “Damn, it’s great to see you lookin’ so good, girl,” he said, giving her a cautious hug.
Slapping him on the back, she laughed. “I won’t break, J.T. In fact, I feel wonderful.” It was true. The doctor had even given her the green light to engage in light physical activity using Drake’s home gym. She could hardly wait to start walking on the treadmill when she got home.
Home. As often as she reminded herself Drake’s house was not her home, it was difficult not to feel as though she belonged there with Dora treating her like the mistress of the manor. She consulted Cassidy on everything from the grocery list to the fresh flower selections and dinner menus. According to Drake, whatever she wanted was fine with him.
Ever since their intimate encounter in the bathroom, he’d been like a different man. Treating her as though the night that ended their engagement never happened. But she knew his memory lapse was too much to expect. No doubt, he was just trying to be the good host, making her feel comfortable in his home for the duration of her visit.
“Sit,” J.T. said, gesturing to the vacant booth. Closing his laptop, he said, “I’m surprised to see you lookin’ so good. Bein’ princess of the palace must agree with you.”
She laughed, a little self-conscious. “I’m not a princess. I’m certainly not foolish enough to believe that I’m going to get my happily ever after with Drake. Too much has happened.”
He looked as though he wanted to say something, but bit his lip instead.
“We’ve been friends a long time,” she said, smiling. “If there’s something on your mind, you don’t have to be shy with me.”
“You said too much went down between you and Drake.” He sighed, setting his laptop aside and propping his elbows on the table. Leaning in, he lowered his voice. “What the hell happened to make you wanna sleep with his brother?”
She sucked in a breath. Granted, she had invited him to tell her what was on his mind, but she hadn’t expected that missile. “Uh…”
“It’s okay,” he said, holding his hand up as he leaned back against the bench seat. “I shouldn’t have asked. It’s none of my business.”
But she found herself wanting to confide in him, to unburden herself with someone who’d proven he genuinely cared about her well-being. “The truth is, I didn’t know it was him. I was under the influence that night, and when Lee slipped in to bed with me, I never even thought twice about it when he reached for me. I just assumed…”
“It was a safe assumption, all things considered.” J.T. scowled. “I can’t believe he would take advantage of you like that. I never liked that son of a bitch. He was always hangin’ around tryin’ to live off Drake’s success instead of tryin’ to make a decent life for himself.”
Cassidy knew Drake had gotten tired of funding his brother’s reckless lifestyle and told him it had to stop just a week before Lee slipped in to her bedroom in the middle of the night. She was obviously the easiest way for him to stick it to his brother. He couldn’t have known Drake was coming home early from that business trip, so he must have intended to spend the night, counting on the fact that when she woke the next morning and realized what she had done, she would be wracked with guilt and confess everything to her enraged fiancé. Drake’s unexpected arrival had probably just been the icing on the cake for Lee.
Just thinking about that night reminded her of all the times she’d given herself to the wrong men when she was high. She knew it was one of the reasons she hadn’t been intimate with another man since.
“I know you’re right,” she said, sighing. “He and my sister Katie were so much alike. They both felt the world owed them something because they’d been dealt a bad hand in life and were determined to collect.”
J.T. rolled his eyes. “We both know it doesn’t work that way, don’t we?”
“You can say that again.”
“You said you were under the influence that night,” J.T. said, seeming uncharacteristically cautious. “I don’t get that. Stayin’ clean was everything to you back then. What the hell made you decide to start usin’ again?”
Just thinking about her sister’s betrayal was hard. She didn’t know which was worse, Katie trying to derail her months of sobriety or Lee using her body as a tool to get even with his brother. “My sister stopped by that night. I could tell she was in a bad place, so when she buzzed up, I let her in. In hindsight, I should have told her to call her sponsor instead.”
“Go on,” J.T, said, waving off the waitress who approached to take their order.
“We started talking and things quickly went from bad to worse. She was bitter and angry about the past, about how far I’d come, the man I’d found… everything.” It hurt her to realize her one and only sister couldn’t be happy for her. Instead, she seemed resentful that Cassidy had so much while she had so little.
“That’s what caused you to relapse?” J.T. asked. “You got in to it with your sister?”
“No.” Cassidy wouldn’t have compromised her recovery for anything. She knew how much she had to lose. “She brought stuff with her and offered it to me. I refused, so I guess she put it in my drink when I was in the restroom.” Shrugging, as though admitting the truth didn’t slice in to her core, she said, “It wasn’t hard. She knew my poison of choice.”
“Jesus,” J.T. said, lowering his head. “That really sucks.”
Cassidy smiled at his choice of words. “Yeah, it does.”
“Why didn’t you tell Drake the truth? It could have saved your relationship.”
“It might have, if he’d believed me. But there were no guarantee he would have. If he didn’t, he’d still throw me out and think I was a liar on top of being a cheater and a junkie. If he did believe me, I knew he’d go after Katie and Lee with everything he had.” Propping her elbows on the table, she swiped her hands over her face. “I was scared to think what he might have done.”
“Who were you tryin’ to protect? Them or Drake?”
“Drake,” she said, quickly. “After what Lee did, he deserved whatever punishment Drake chose to dish out. Same goes for my sister. But you didn’t see him that night, J.T. He was filled with rage.”
“Rightly so,” J.T. muttered. “I think any man would have felt the same way in his position.”
“I know. You’re right. He had every reason to feel the way he did.” Lifting a shoulder, she said, “It just seemed easier if I took the fall, ya know?”
“Easier? How the hell can you said that?” he asked, raising his voice. Thankfully, they were alone in a secluded part of the eating area. “You lost everything that night. If Drake knew the truth—”
“Please,” she said, feeling the panic rising. “You have to promise me you won’t tell him.” Time may have softened Drake’s opinion of her, but she knew if he found out the truth about Lee and Katie’s role in what happened that night, he would be on the hunt for their blood.
“Why would you wanna keep him in the dark about this, darlin’? He has a right to know the truth.”
It still hurt her to allow Drake to live with the pain of that lie, but when she thought of the potential fall-out it seemed like the only answer. “Trust me, it’s for the best.”
“If you say so,” he muttered, seeming unconvinced by her claim.
She gazed longingly at the stage.
Smiling, J.T. asked, “You up for performin’ a song or two tonight?”
Her heart skipped a beat. “I’d love to, but…” She hadn’t been in contact with her band since what happened at the center. Not even a phone call to check on her status. “I’m not sure that I have a band anymore, to tell you the truth.”
J.T. frowned. “What happened? You guys have a fallin’ out or what?”
“Not that I know of.” She suspected it had more to do with her band mates significant others not relishing the idea of them working so closely with her. “Maybe they just got tired of waitin’ for our big break or maybe they decided to find a lead singer who wasn’t on the black list all over town.”
“I have a feelin’ that’s gonna change real soon,” J.T. said, grinning. “There’s no way Drake would have invited you to stay in his house unless he was ready to bury the past.”
“I think he just feels sorry for me,” she said quietly. It was difficult to admit he saw her as a charity case, but he couldn’t possibly have any other reason for inviting her in to his home. Drake was a good man, and his conscience wouldn’t allow him to turn his back on someone he’d once cared about.
“I think there’s a bit more to it than that.”
Cassidy couldn’t afford to waste her time on foolish dreams that would never come true. She had to use the next few weeks while she still had the luxury of a roof over her head to make plans for the future.
“So, about you performin’ here tonight. If you’re interested, I’ve got a house band I use from time to time. I could give them a call.”
“Seriously?” she asked. She didn’t want to over-do it since her doctor hadn’t given her permission to perform again, but singing a ballad or two couldn’t hurt. She would simply refrain from doing any up-tempo numbers. “If you can arrange that, I’d love to.”
“No problem.”
Cassidy smiled when she saw Caleb walking toward their table. “Hey there. Did you decide to join us for lunch, after all?”
He returned her smile, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder. “I’d love to, but I just got a call from a friend who needs me to drop something off at his place. Are you planning on sticking around here for a bit? I shouldn’t be more than an hour.”
“No problem.” Knowing she would need Caleb’s assistance to help her get back to the bar tonight, she crooked a finger, beckoning him to lean forward.
He chuckled as he leaned closer, his hand still resting on her shoulder. “More secrets? I’m starting to enjoy this.”
She laughed at his playfulness. He had this uncanny knack of making her smile no matter her mood. “J.T. just invited me to perform here tonight. I really want to, but I’m worried that Drake may not approve.” She hated asking Caleb to cover for her, but she didn’t see another option.
“You know I have to pick him up at the airport at 10:00.”
“No problem,” she said, looking at J.T. “One set and I could catch a cab home. What do you think?”
J.T. chuckled. “Hell, if Drake finds out, you know he’ll wanna kick my ass.”
“Does that mean you’re withdrawing your offer?” She tried to hide the disappointment in her voice, not wanting to put J.T. in the awkward position of having to choose between his two friends.
“Hell no.” J.T. winked at her. “I can’t wait to see you back up on that stage again. What Drake doesn’t know won’t hurt him.”


Chapter Nine
After just a few days on the road, Drake couldn’t wait to get home to Cassidy. He’d tried to give her some space while he was away. As much as he wanted to talk to her, he’d settled for progress reports from Dora instead. He was hoping the distance would give her a chance to miss him.
No question about it, he was falling for that girl all over again. He knew she was a terrible risk given their history, but he couldn’t help the way he felt about the stronger version of the woman who’d captured his heart the very first time he laid eyes on her. In spite of her recent ordeal, she’d come back fighting, determined to rebuild her shattered life, and as much as he told himself he couldn’t hope to be a part of her new life, he wanted to be. More with every passing day.
Pulling his cell phone out of his pocket, he dialed his home number. Holding his breath, he hoped to hear the sound of Cassidy’s voice on the other end. Trying not to sound too dejected when Dora answered, he exchanged pleasantries with his housekeeper before asking, “Can I talk to Cassidy for a minute, Dora?”
“Um, she’s not here.”
Drake glanced at his watch. It was after ten o’clock at night. Where the hell could she be at that hour? Unless she’d moved out while he was gone. Maybe the doctor told her she was well enough to live on her own again. Just the thought of her returning to the scene of the crime looking for shelter made his blood run cold.
“What the hell do you mean? Where is she?”
“I’m not sure. She just said she needed to take care of something. Said she shouldn’t be too late.”
At least she was planning to return. He supposed he should be grateful for that. Still, the thought of her out at night, alone, didn’t sit well with him. She was still fragile, vulnerable… Thanking Dora, he disconnected the call and lowered the privacy glass separating him and Caleb. “Where’d you take Cassidy tonight?”
The driver glanced in his rear-view mirror. “She’s, uh, not home yet?” he asked, looking uneasy.
“How the hell would she get home if you didn’t pick her up?” Drake was starting to get a bad feeling about this. “Where is she?”
“I promised I wouldn’t tell you.”
Drake clenched the phone in his hand, the frustration mounting. “I don’t have time for games, Caleb. I want to know where she is now!” When his driver failed to respond, he said, “You tell me or you can start looking for another job tomorrow.”
Caleb sighed, obviously realizing he had no choice. “She’s at Jimmy’s.”
“She’s where?” What the hell was she doing at a bar? Alone. At night. “Take me there. Now.”
“But—”
“Don’t argue, goddammit. Just do it!”

***

Drake was still seething by the time he stormed in to Jimmy’s bar, barely stopping to acknowledge the bouncer who greeted him.
He glared at the little bombshell firing up the crowd as she pranced across the stage. What the hell is she doing? There’s no way her doctor could have approved this. She was still recovering from her injuries and had no business entertaining the rowdy group of drooling cowboys surrounding the stage.
Drake told himself he wasn’t jealous of the men trying to capture her attention. He was just concerned about her well-being. He rolled his eyes. He couldn’t even sell that bill of goods to himself. He’d like nothing more than to start bashing their heads together, but he had to maintain control.
The huge diamond that used to grace her left hand served as a flashing neon sign warning every man in the room she was taken. He suddenly wanted that back with a vengeance.
Making his way to the bar, Drake pointed at his friend. “You were behind this, weren’t you? What the hell were you thinking, letting her get back up there so soon? She’s not ready, man.”
J.T. grinned at her animated stage production. “She sure looks ready to me.”
“I don’t care what you think. I care about what her doctor thinks.” He sat down on a vacant stool at the bar and gestured to his favorite brand of vodka.
“Maybe you’re the one who’s not ready,” J.T. said as he set him up with a drink. “Could be you’re in no hurry for her to recover ’cause you’re not ready for her to move out of your house.” He smirked when Drake tipped his drink back. “Admit it, man. You’re still into her.”
There was no way he could deny it. J.T. had known him for too many years to let him hide behind a smokescreen. “I don’t see a bouncer near that stage. I suggest you rectify that in a hurry.”
J.T. smiled. “Why? She’s had guys comin’ on to her all night and she’s handled it just fine.”
“What the hell do you mean… coming on to her? They weren’t the kind of assholes who wouldn’t take no for an answer, were they?” Drake knew if they were it would be time to start taking names and kicking ass.
“No, they’re harmless. Just a handful of regulars who’ve been chasin’ her ever since she started singin’ here.”
Drake tapped the rim of his glass to let J.T. know he was ready for a refill.
“I think you’re worryin’ for nothin’,” J.T. said, pouring a splash of vodka in to Drake’s glass. “Besides, her boyfriend was here keepin’ an eye on her earlier. He wasn’t gonna let—”
“Her what?” Drake roared, drawing the attention of the patrons crowding the bar. “What the hell are you talking about? She doesn’t have a boyfriend.” Not that he wouldn’t consider applying for the job. He’d been determined to take it slow, but he was thinking it might be time to step up his game and let her know how he was feeling.
“Your driver, what’s his name again?” J.T. asked, snapping his fingers.
“Caleb.” Drake’s heart started thumping wildly in his chest. He and Cassidy has been spending a lot of time together lately. What if she’d started to develop feelings for Caleb? Where did that leave him? He knew where it left him. Out in the cold without a hope in hell of getting her back. “Did she say something to you about him?”
“No, but she didn’t have to,” J.T. said, chuckling. “I could tell he likes her…a lot.”
Drake was more concerned with how Cassidy felt about him. He wasn’t going to waste any more time wondering what she was thinking. He needed to know now.
Making his way to the stage area, he waited for her to notice him under the glare of the stage lights. To her credit, she didn’t miss a note when she finally spotted him, but he could see the wariness in her eyes. She was concerned about his reaction, rightly so.
As soon as she finished the song, he moved to the stairs positioned to the side of the stage and waited while she told the crowd she and the band would be taking a short break. If he had his way it would be a long break, as in weeks or months.
He wasted no time clasping her hand and leading her to the small dressing room in the rear of the bar.
“When did you get back?” she asked, glancing at the clock on the wall. She winced. “I guess I didn’t realize how late it was. I was having so much fun up there.”
Fixing his hands on his hips, he glared at her. “I don’t suppose you thought to ask your doctor if this was okay?”
Raising her chin, she looked him in the eye. “No one knows how I feel better than I do.”
Furious that she was being so nonchalant about her health, he moved in on her. Backing her against the wall, he settled a hand on either side of her head. “This was a stupid risk, one you shouldn’t have taken.”
Her pulse was pounding in her throat as she tipped her head back to look him in the eye. “This was my call, not J.T.’s. I don’t want you giving him any grief about this.”
“Why the hell do I have to protect you from yourself?” Controlling the urge to shout at her was almost as difficult as controlling the urge to kiss her. She looked so sexy with her cheeks flushed pink… that long dark hair framing her face and those ruby red lips… Trying to fight it was pointless, he needed to taste her.
He felt her hesitate for half a second before she hooked her arms around his neck and drew his head down to meet hers. He was devouring her mouth, with all of the pent-up fear, frustration, and confusion he’d been fighting for days finally coming to the surface.
She whimpered in to his mouth and he loosened his grip, afraid he may be holding her too tight. Grabbing a fistful of his custom-made shirt, she tried to pull him closer.
“Hold on,” he said, breaking the kiss as he gasped for breath. “I need to ask you something. Caleb. What the hell’s going on between you and him?”
She frowned as her breathing slowly returned to normal. “There’s nothing going on between us. We’re just friends.”
“Does he know that?” He wrapped his hand gently around her neck, caressing her throbbing pulse point with his finger. “Or do I need to have a little chat with him before he gets his hopes up?”
“It sounds like you’re a little jealous, Drake.” She grinned. “Is that true?”
He’d submit to a tooth extraction before he admitted he was jealous. But whether he admitted it or not, he suspected the truth was etched on his face. “Just answer the question. Do I need to set him straight where you’re concerned?”
“No.” She stood on her tip-toes to press a kiss to his lips. “I hate to admit this, but I missed you while you were away.” A faint blush stole across her cheeks. “That big house just isn’t the same without you.”
“I’m glad to hear that,” he said, holding her close. “I missed you, too.” Deciding to go for broke, he whispered in her ear, “I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I just wanted to get home to you.”
“Really?” she asked, threading her hand through his hair.
“Really.” He nuzzled her neck, smiling when a faint sigh escaped her lips. “Talk is cheap. Let me take you home and show you how much I missed you.” He held his breath, waiting for her response. He wouldn’t blame her if she shot him down, but he would never forgive himself if he didn’t at least try.
“Drake,” she said, toying with one of the buttons on his shirt. “I don’t know if this is a good idea. I meant what I said before. I don’t want to be intimate with someone until I know for sure that he’s the one.”
He tipped her chin with his index finger, forcing her to look him in the eye. He knew posing the question was a risk, but he had to know. “Be honest, haven’t you known from the first day we met that I was the one?”
Her eyes glistened with tears as she bit her lip. “I wanted you to be, but…” She lifted her shoulder. “Guys like you don’t go for girls like me. You could have your pick of any gorgeous, successful woman you want.”
He knew she’d made great strides in the past year, but it was going to take a long time to obliterate her troubled past from her memory. “I pick you,” he whispered, kissing her lips tenderly. “Now, are you ready to go home?” He let the word hang in the air between them, hoping she wouldn’t correct him. As far as he was concerned, she’d infused the space with warmth and life, and he knew if she ever left, that would be extinguished. He couldn’t let that happen.
“I still have another set,” she said, looking uncertain.
“No, you don’t,” he murmured, kissing her neck. He knew lowering her defenses by using her own desire against her was a dirty trick, but he wasn’t just playing to win. He was playing for keeps.
“God, that feels good,” she sighed, arching her back.
“I can make you feel even better,” he whispered, sliding his hands over her breasts. “Come on, sweetheart. Let me take you home and show you.” When he tweaked her nipple through the soft fabric encasing her breast, she reached for the door knob.
“Let’s go home.”


Chapter Ten
Cassidy had been questioning her decision all the way back to Drake’s house. Was she making a mistake, giving in to her hunger for this man? He was too much like the lethal substance she’d been addicted to for so many years. Luring her in with the promise of how good it would feel in the moment even though she knew the fall-out of surrendering could be catastrophic.
He hadn’t told her he still loved her or that he wanted a future with her. He’d only admitted he wanted her body. She swore she’d never give her love or her body to a man who couldn’t give her everything she needed in return. But this was Drake, and in the harsh light of honesty, she had to admit that she’d never stopped loving him.
Could she give him what they both wanted while protecting her heart, or was that too much to hope for?
He held his hand out to help her out of the limousine.
Caleb was already rounding the rear of the car when Drake pulled Cassidy in to his arms. “I really should fire your ass for not taking better care of my woman while I was away.”
Looking uncomfortable, Caleb shifted from one foot to the other. “I’m sorry, I—”
Drake held his hand up to silence his employee. “No need to apologize. Just don’t let it happen again.”
Feeling guilty for getting Caleb in to trouble with his employer, Cassidy spoke up. “It was my fault, not his, Drake. If you want to blame someone for what happened tonight, blame me.”
“It’s okay, Cassidy,” Caleb said, smiling down at her. “You don’t have to defend me. I made the call, even though I knew Mr. Elliott wouldn’t be happy about it.”
“Just so we’re clear,” Drake said to Caleb as he drew Cassidy closer. “This little lady is real important to me. If anything happens to her while she’s on your watch, you will have to answer to me. Is that understood?”
“Yes, sir,” he said, tipping his hat. “I promise I’ll take good care of her.”
“One more thing,” Drake said. “You need to respect the professional boundaries from now on.”
“Drake,” Cassidy said, flattening her palm against his stomach. “Please, Caleb was just trying to be a friend when I needed one. You can’t fault him for that.”
Drake looked at his driver a long time before he raised an eyebrow and asked, “I don’t need to spell it out for you, do I?”
He looked from Cassidy to Drake before he said, “No, sir.”
“Good.” He took Cassidy’s hand in his. “We’re gonna turn in now, Caleb. You’re free to go.”
“Have a good night,” Caleb said, his voice sounding strained.
“We intend to,” Drake shot over his shoulder as he led Cassidy up the stairs.
Cassidy squeezed his hand. “What was that all about?”
“Just marking my territory,” he muttered under his breath.
She pulled back on his hand, refusing to take another step. “I can’t believe you just said that.”
“Fine, I’m sorry, okay?”
He didn’t look sorry, but Cassidy decided to let it go. She didn’t want to argue with him tonight.
The house was still and quiet. Cassidy knew Dora’s routine by now; she had probably retired to her quarters with a good book hours ago.
Drake turned Cassidy into his arms. “I should’ve thought to ask this before. Are you okay to…? I mean, would the doctor object to us…?”
Her lips twitched as she watched Drake stammer. It wasn’t like him to pull punches. When he had a question or concern, he was always direct about it.
“The doctor said I could engage in light physical activity… swimming, treadmill…” She batted her eyelashes as she smiled up at him. “Sex.”
“Thank God,” he breathed, tipping his head back. Gripping her shoulders, he said, “I mean, if you’d told me there was any risk we obviously wouldn’t have…”
His uncharacteristic discomfort made her feel better. He was obviously taking this seriously. It wasn’t just about satisfying an urge, it was about filling a void. “I want you,” she said, finding the courage to be bold. “If you feel the same way…”
“I do,” he said quickly. Dipping his head, he brought her in closer, overwhelming her with an intense kiss that laid her fears to rest. When he finally broke the kiss, he looked her in the eye as he brushed her hair off her face. The way he was looking at her, as though he could scarcely believe this was happening. “I’ve spent so many hours thinking about you this past year.”
“I can imagine,” she said, casting her eyes lower. “You must have hated me.”
“I wanted to, but I couldn’t. I thought getting revenge would give me some kind of perverse pleasure, but in the end, I was disgusted with myself. If I’d just been able to let you go and get on with your life, you never would have been living at that damn place.”
It still pained her to know he blamed himself for her attack. “Phil and Susan gave me a home when I needed one, and that center gave me a purpose. In spite of what happened, I wouldn’t have traded my time there for anything. Living there allowed me to grow and heal. It showed me that I could help people who were going through what I’d been through and that gave me the courage to keep fighting my addiction.”
“You blow me away,” he whispered, leaning in to skim his lips across her cheek. “You’ve been through so much, but you haven’t let it destroy you. I can’t tell you how much I respect and admire you, Cassidy.”
“Thank you.”
Hearing those words from him again meant so much. After the depth of disappointment she knew he must have felt finding her with Lee, it meant everything to her to earn his trust again. She wanted to tell him she loved him, that she’d never stopped, but she couldn’t find the courage to voice the truth. She didn’t want his pity if he couldn’t return the sentiment. If one more night in his arms was all she was entitled to, she would gladly take it.
“Let’s go upstairs,” he said, taking her hand. He brushed his lips across her knuckles as he walked her up the stairs.
Pausing at the entrance to the master suite, she admired the space. She’d poked her head in a time or two when Drake had been out of the house, but she never expected him to invite her inside his private retreat to share his bed again.
He flicked the switch and dimmed the lights, casting a warm glow over the room before doing the same to the gas fireplace tucked into a built in wall nook facing the bed.
“It’s perfect,” she said. It felt like they were in a luxury hideaway, safe from prying eyes. Here they could explore their relationship at their leisure before having to explain it to the outside world.
“You’re perfect,” he said, setting her in front of him as he brushed her hair aside to kiss her neck. His fingers flew over the buttons lining the front of her shirt before he slipped it off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor.
She rolled her head back against his chest and closed her eyes. Nothing had ever felt more heavenly than the gentle scrape of his whiskers abrading her sensitive skin. Moaning, she leaned in to him, revelling in the hard evidence of his arousal prodding her back. There was no doubt about it. He wanted her as much as she wanted him.
He flicked his thumb and forefinger over the closure at the front of her bra and her breasts fell free of the lacy garment. Filling his hands, he began to roll and tweak her nipples as he continued to lick and kiss her neck, focusing his attention on the areas he knew she was most sensitive.
Her breathing was raspy as she struggled to maintain some semblance of control over her body. Her skin was on fire, her tense muscles finally relaxing as she gave herself over to his expert touch.
“That’s it,” he whispered in her ear. “Just relax. We’ve got all night.”
She wasn’t sure she could survive this exquisite torture for another minute, much less the rest of the night. Steeling her resolve, she decided to abandon her concerns and let herself fully experience every caress in case this night would be their last.
She could feel him undoing the buttons of his shirt and casting it aside before he turned his attention to her jeans. Helping her ease them down, she toed her high boots off and turned to face him wearing only a pair of black lace panties.
“You are so beautiful,” he breathed.
He glided his hands over her body and she tried not to dwell on the imperfections that remained. Raised scars from surgery would fade with time, but never completely heal. They would serve as a reminder that life was precious and she should learn to appreciate every day as the gift it was. According to doctors, she should’ve died that night. When she learned she was living on borrowed time, she vowed to seize every opportunity and live every day like it was her last.
“Even more stunning than I remember.”
His hushed words were like a balm to her wounded self-image. It was difficult for her to feel beautiful when she looked in the mirror and saw only swelling, bruises and scars she feared would never fade. Knowing he still found her attractive bolstered her self-confidence and she knew that no matter what happened tomorrow, tonight would help her to heal.
He reached for his belt buckle, but she pushed his hands aside, taking over the task.
He grinned as he watched her slowly undressing him until she dropped to the floor at his feet. He sucked in a sharp breath, reaching for her arms to help her up, but she was exactly where she wanted to be. In the perfect position to remind her man what he had been missing all those months without her.
She set about loving him in a way she’d never indulged another man. Worshipping him with her mouth, moaning her pleasure as she took him deeper, she could feel the tension in the solid muscles of his legs as he fought for control.
“Oh Jesus, Cass, I…” He groaned through clenched teeth as he threaded his hands through her hair. “Baby, we gotta stop. I can’t…” He tugged her head back gently, tipping her face back until she was looking him in the eye. “I need to make love to you… now.”
She let him escort her to the king-sized bed and ease her back gently against the pillows before reaching in to the nightstand for protection. Watching him sheath himself, she opened for him, desperate to feel a pleasure beyond anything she’d ever expected to experience again.
Her teen years had been punctuated with wild parties and meaningless sex, but it wasn’t until she met Drake that she realized what it meant to make love. He was the only man who’d ever touched her soul while claiming her body, and she prayed it would be everything she remembered.
He straddled her, staring down in to her eyes as he braced his hands on either side of her head. Lowering himself to his elbows, he kissed her slowly and sweetly as though he was as intent as she to savor every moment of their time together. “Are you sure about this, baby? If you’re having any doubts, I understand.”
She loved that he was putting her needs above his own, proving to her yet again that the man she’d fallen in love with had been hiding behind that brusque exterior all along. “I’m positive.”
Drake slid into her slowly, allowing her time to adjust to his invasion as he continued to kiss her thoroughly. Groaning, he deepened the kiss and held himself in check as she clenched him mercilessly.
Her favorite part of making love to Drake had always been watching him lose control. Knowing that the world saw him as this ultra-powerful music mogul, but in her arms he was a prisoner to his body.
“Are you okay?” he asked in her ear. His breathing was labored, as though the painstaking task of controlling his body’s urges was already taking its toll. “I’m not hurting you, am I?”
She squeezed her eyes shut, praying she could prevent the tears from falling. She was so in love with this man, trying to hide that from him was harder than she ever expected it to be.
“Hey,” he said, pulling back to look her in the eye. “You need me to stop, baby?”
“No,” she said, wrapping her arms around his back to draw him closer. “Please, don’t. I need you.”
Satisfied with her response, he began to pick up the tempo. “Jesus…” he whispered. “I love the way you feel.”
She didn’t trust herself to speak so she just held him tighter, burying her face in his neck. Her body was imploring her to release the moan building in her throat, but she was aware of the fact they weren’t alone in the house. Thousands of square feet may separate them from Drake’s staff, but she knew if she voiced her pleasure, it would reverberate through the house.
“Don’t do that,” he whispered, digging his hands in to his hips as he plunged in and out, harder, faster, deeper with every stroke. “Don’t ever hold back with me.”
She didn’t know how he could tell she was being cautious, but as he continued to stoke the fire the building inside of her, she had no choice but to let go, freefalling, hoping he would be there to catch her when she landed.


Chapter Eleven
When Cassie woke up the next morning, she tried to quash the disappointment. She was alone. Again. She reminded herself that Drake was a busy man, that his time was valuable, but in her idealistic mind, he’d woken her with a kiss, if only to tell her that last night had been as magical for him as it had been for her.
Before she had time to feel sorry for herself, her cell phone rang. Scrambling to find the purse she’d dropped on the floor the night before, she tried following the sound, tossing aside clothes and pillows in her haste to find it. If it was Drake, she didn’t want to miss his call.
She glanced at the screen. Unknown caller. “Hello.”
“I’m looking for Cassidy Ross.”
“This is she.”
“Cassidy, my name is Elsie. I live across the hall from your mama. I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but she’s had a stroke.” When Cassidy didn’t respond, she continued. “I didn’t know who else to call. She talked about you and your sister all the time. I found your numbers in the book by the phone… I just thought someone should be there for her. I would go to the hospital myself, but I have to go into work soon.”
Deafening silence prompted her to say, “I’d, uh, call in, but there’s no one to take my shift at the diner.”
Cassidy sank to the bed, trying to process the news. She hadn’t spoken to her mother in over a year. Phil encouraged her to sever the toxic bonds in her life so she could begin to let go of the past. Her mother had always been a harsh reminder of why she’d been trying to escape in the first place. Still, a part of her remained hopeful that her Elizabeth would find the strength to fight her own demons someday.
“Is she…?” She cleared her throat. “Going to be okay?”
“I don’t know, honey. They just rushed her to the hospital around the corner.”
Cassidy remembered that hospital well. It was so close she could hear the sirens from her bedroom when she left the window open in the summer to escape the stifling heat and stench of stale booze and cigarettes. “Thank you for calling. I’ll be there as soon as I can.” Her hand trembled as she let the phone fall to her lap.
Elizabeth Ross had lived in the same rundown apartment two blocks from the hospital for as long as Cassidy could remember. The only other home she remembered was a run-down trailer they’d lived in with one of her mother’s boyfriends when Katie was just a toddler.
That apartment was the dungeon that housed her worst childhood memories and now she had to go back and face them again. She only prayed she was strong enough to face it alone.

***

Drake bounded up the stairs leading to his front door just before dinner. He couldn’t wait to see Cassidy. In spite of how busy he’d been in the studio, memories of last night had been taunting him all day, making it difficult for him to concentrate.
He wandered in to the kitchen, expecting to see Cassidy sitting on a stool at the counter, helping Dora chop vegetables. In spite of Dora’s protests, she insisted on helping and he suspected both women enjoyed their daily chats.
“Hey,” he said, smiling at his housekeeper. “Where’s Cassidy?”
Dora focused her attention on the prime rib she was slicing, not responding right away.
Drake couldn’t explain why Dora’s subtle evasion made him nervous, but it did. “I asked you a question, Dora. Where is she?”
She sighed as she pulled a white envelope out of her apron. “She’s gone. She asked me to give you this.”
Drake reached for the letter as a sick feeling of dread overcame him. “What do you mean, she’s gone? Don’t tell me she went back to that hell hole.”
“No, nothing like that,” Dora said, looking sad. “She had to deal with a family emergency.”
“What kind of family emergency?” He knew she didn’t have a relationship with her mother or her sister and she didn’t have any other family.
“It’s all in the letter, I assume,” Dora said, wiping her hands on a dish towel.
“Just tell me one thing.” He wasn’t sure he had the courage to ask the question, but living in denial wasn’t an option for him. “Is she planning on coming back?”
“I don’t think so,” Dora said softly, looking up at him. “I’m sorry, honey.”
He sank down on a stool, unable to believe what he was hearing. He’d let himself fall in love with that woman all over again and last night she’d shown him in every possible way that the feeling was mutual. Why would she leave him now when fate was giving them a second chance?
“I don’t get it… why?”
“Read the letter,” Dora said, rounding the counter to pat his back. “I’m sure she explained everything.”
He didn’t want to read the damn letter. He wanted to see her face to face so he could convince her to stop running. This was her home, or at least he wanted it to be.
He waited until Dora left the room before tearing in to the non-descript envelope. His hands were trembling as he unfolded the single sheet of paper. How the hell could she explain her reasons for walking out of his life on one lousy piece of paper?

Drake,
I’ll never be able to thank you enough for welcoming me in to your home and taking such good care of me.

Drake was getting angrier by the second. She was addressing him like he was a stranger instead of the man she’d made love to last night. Forcing himself to continue, his eyes scanned the words.

The time I spent with you allowed me to heal physically and emotionally. I feel stronger than I ever have and I know I’m going to be just fine now.

So, he’d served his purpose, helping her to heal from her injuries. Now it was time for her to move on? What a fool he’d been to trust her again. He should’ve known she would pull a stunt like this.

It’s time for me to go home and face my past before I can ever hope to build a future, with you or anyone else.

Once the initial anger began to subside, fear set in. He read and re-read the last sentence, trying to make sense of those few simple words. How could she even think about building a life with someone else when he loved her too much to even contemplate letting her go?

My mother’s had a stroke. I hope you can understand why I want to be there for her. I know she wasn’t the mother I needed growing up, but she’s the only mother I have. I could never forgive myself if I abandoned her now.

Drake felt like a jerk for assuming the worst. Of course she would want to be there for her mother. He wouldn’t expect any less from the woman who’d put her life in jeopardy to help strangers wrestle their demons.

I’m not sure of her status. Her neighbour wasn’t able to tell me very much over the phone, but her recovery may be long and painful. There’s no telling how long she’ll need me, months, years, perhaps forever.

Being apart forever wasn’t an option for Drake. Now that Cassidy was back in his life, there was no way in hell he intended to let her go again.

I wanted to call and say good-bye, but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I know a letter probably seems like the coward’s way out, but I didn’t see another way.
Last night was incredible. I’ll store it with all of the other wonderful memories you gave me during our time together. You’re an amazing man and I’m so much better and stronger for having known you.
Love,
Cassidy

Drake refolded the paper and shoved it back in the envelope as his mind raced to find a solution to their dilemma. He was right in the middle of making a record and the most sought-after studio in the city didn’t grant special favors to anyone, not even him. Getting away right now seemed impossible, but leaving Cassidy to face her nightmare alone was unthinkable. She needed him and he couldn’t let her down.
“Are you okay?” Dora asked, placing a hand on his back.
“Did you know about what happened to her mother?” he asked.
“Yes, she told me before she left.”
“How did she seem to you?”
“Scared.”
“That’s what I was afraid of. I need to go there, to be with her.” He dropped the envelope on the counter and raked his hands through his hair. “But I need to make some plans first. Jesus, what a mess.”
“Drake,” Dora said, placing a hand on his forearm. “You’re the strongest man I know. You survived losing your own parents at such a young age, and in spite of that tragedy, you still managed to build this incredible life for yourself.”
“What’s your point?” He’d known Dora long enough to know there was one. She wouldn’t have risked picking his emotional scabs without a reason.
“You’ll find a way to make this work. I watched you fall in love with that young lady all over again these past few weeks.” She smiled. “In fact, I don’t think you’ve ever stopped loving her.”
“You’re probably right about that.”
“Anger is a vicious beast,” she said quietly. “It has the power to twist the most beautiful thing into something wretched.”
“Are you saying you don’t think I had the right to be angry about what happened between Cassidy and my brother?”
She touched his face, a sad smile on her lips. “Honey, things are not always what they seem.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean? I walked in there and saw them in bed together. How could I have misunderstood that?”
“If that’s the way you feel, there’s no point going after her, is there?”
Not going after her wasn’t an option. He loved her. But he didn’t know if he could ever forget what happened between Cassidy and Lee. The love hadn’t died that night, but the trust certainly had. He just hoped they could rebuild that in time.


Chapter Twelve
Cassidy was physically and emotionally exhausted and she’d only been sitting by her mother’s bedside since yesterday. The stroke had impacted Elizabeth’s speech. She didn’t have full use of her limbs yet, but the doctor suggested that may come with time and patience. So much remained a mystery.
Elizabeth opened her eyes and looked at her daughter. “Still… here?” she whispered.
Cassidy couldn’t help but remember her own hospital stay not so long ago. She’d never even thought to call her mother. Having her there would have likely hindered her recovery.
Taking a deep breath, Cassidy gave herself a pep talk about staying positive, for her sake and her mother’s. “I told you I wasn’t going anywhere,” she said, repositioning the blanket. “I’ll stay as long as you need me to.”
“You…” She hesitated, as though it required great effort to get the words out. “Have life.”
“To tell you the truth, my career wasn’t really going anywhere. I tried to make it work in Nashville, but—” She shrugged. She’d never told her mother about her relationship with Drake. Not even when they were engaged. She was afraid she would show up on their doorstep looking for a handout if she found out her daughter was marrying a wealthy man.
“Can’t… afford…get…sick.”
Cassidy didn’t even want to think about how they were going to pay for her mother’s hospital stay. If she required constant care, which she would, at least in the beginning, that would limit Cassidy’s job prospects. Maybe she could sell her songs…
“Let me worry about that, Mama.”
“Don’t… deserve… you.”
Tears sprang to Cassidy’s eyes. Her mother had never once told her she appreciated her or was proud of her talent or accomplishments.
When Cassidy told her she was going to Nashville to realize her dream of becoming a singer, her mother told her to bring a box of condoms because the only way she’d get a record deal is if she slept with the right person. Of course, she’d been drunk at the time and bitter because the boyfriend she’d been expecting a proposal from left her for a younger woman.
“I’m your daughter,” Cassidy said, patting her cold hand. “Where else would I be?”
“I… deserve… to be… alone.”
“Don’t say that,” she said, feeling the heaviness of regret filling the room. They’d both made so many mistakes, but if she could change, maybe her mother could too. “Everyone deserves to have someone they can count on.”
“I’m a… bad… mother,” she whispered as a tear slid down her wrinkled cheek. “Sorry.”
The years of drinking and smoking had taken their toll on Elizabeth’s body. Chronologically, she was only fifty-six, but she looked much older.
“You did the best you could,” Cassidy said, fighting back her own tears. She never expected her mother to express remorse for her actions. Perhaps her brush with death had given her a new perspective.
“Thank… you.”
Cassidy leaned over to brush her lips against her mother’s forehead. “You get some rest. I’m just going to go down to the cafeteria to get another cup of coffee. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Her eyes were closed, her breathing shallow, before Cassidy even reached the door. There was no doubt about it, her mother’s recovery was going to be long and taxing on both of them.
Stepping out into the hall, Cassidy glanced at the reception desk. She gasped when she saw the profile of the man and woman speaking to the nurse. It couldn’t be. Paralyzed by a myriad of emotions, disbelief, anger, and fear, she waited for them to turn around and spot her.
Katie was the first one to notice her. “Sis,” she said, taking a step toward her, arms outstretched. “I came as soon as I heard what happened to Mama.”
Cassidy stared at her, unable to believe she had the audacity to pretend the last night they’d seen each other Katie hadn’t been plotting to ruin her life. Holding her hand up, she said, “Stay right there.” Glaring at the man falling in to step behind her sister, she asked, “What the hell are you doing here, Lee?”
Even though they were identical twins, there was no way she could mistake Lee for his brother a second time. The differences were subtle, but recognizable when she wasn’t under the influence of that poison. Lee was leaner, paler, the lines around his eyes more pronounced. His hair was shaggier, as though it was in need of a trim. His clothes were tired and worn. In the bright light of day, he and his brother were as different as two men could be.
“I came because I knew my wife would need me.”
Cassidy tried to contain her shock as she saw the tell-tale gold wedding band on her sister’s left hand. “You two? When? I mean… how?” As far as Cassidy knew, her sister and Drake’s brother despised each other.
Katie pointed to a small room behind Cassidy. “That says family lounge. Do you think they’d mind if we used it for a minute? I’d rather discuss this in private.”
“I’ll ask the nurse,” Lee said, walking back to the reception desk.
“How could you marry that man after what he did to me?” Cassidy asked, shocked that her sister’s betrayal ran even deeper than she suspected.
Katie took a step closer, as though she was moving slowly trying to gauge her sister’s reaction. “Look, we were all in a bad place that night…”
Cassidy was too stunned to respond. She’d been in a bad place because of what her own sister had done to her. How could Katie make it sound as though they shared the blame for what happened that night? Before she could call her out on her abhorrent behavior, she saw Drake step off the elevator.
“Oh my God,” Cassidy whispered, gripping the door handle behind her when she feared her legs may give out.
“Shit,” Katie whispered when Drake spotted her husband.
Cassidy felt like she was having an out-of-body experience as she watched the man she loved close in on his nemesis… a man who would look like his mirror image to a bystander. She wanted to step in between them, but her feet were rooted to the ground. Thankfully, Katie didn’t seem to have the same problem.
“Drake, don’t,” Katie said, rushing to Lee’s defence. “Violence isn’t going to change what happened.”
The nurse sitting behind the desk seemed alarmed and confused with one eye on the two men and the other on the security call button.
As though he’d just spotted her, Drake closed the distance between them, reaching out for Cassidy. “Are you okay, baby?”
Weak with relief that he was here and would give her the strength to face the demonic duo, she sagged against him. “I am now that you’re here.”
“The question is, what the hell are they doing here?” Drake asked.
“I don’t know,” she said, trying to draw enough air into her lungs. “They just got here.”
“You want me to get rid of them?” he asked, framing her face with his hands.
“I guess she has a right to be here. So does Lee, since he’s her husband.”
“Her what?” Drake shouted, turning to look at his brother.
“Sssh,” Cassidy said, reaching for his hand. “Not here.”
“Cassidy’s right,” Lee said, stepping forward. “The nurse said we could use the lounge. Why don’t we talk in there?”
“I don’t trust myself to be in the same room with you,” Drake growled.
Cassidy grabbed Drake’s arm. “Please, sweetheart, we need to hear them out.” Cassidy didn’t know why Katie and Lee felt compelled to come, but one thing was a given. The truth had to come out. If Drake cared about her enough to put his whole life on hold to be there to support her through a difficult time, he deserved to know the truth about what happened that night.
“Fine,” Drake said, between clenched teeth. Glaring at Lee, he said, “But I sure as hell hope you have health insurance ’cause you’re gonna need it.”
Reaching for his hand, Cassidy led him into the small, sterile lounge area. She waited for her sister and Lee to enter before closing the door behind them. “Why are you here, Katie?”
“Isn’t it obvious? I came as soon as I heard about Mama.”
Drake put his arm around Cassidy’s waist, pulling her close. “You tryin’ to tell us you’re clean now?”
Katie reached into her purse and withdrew a chip. “I have been for a whole year, Drake. We both have. After what we did to Cassidy…” She winced, as though she could barely stand to recall her actions.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Drake demanded. “If you’re feeling guilty about bringing that shit in to our home, you should.”
Cassidy knew this was the moment of truth. Drake could go ballistic, blaming her for lying to protect him and blaming both her sister and his brother for taking advantage of his fiancée’s vulnerability.
Katie looked at her sister. “You didn’t tell him what happened… what we did?”
Lee sank down in a chair at the round table. Dropping his head into his hands, he muttered, “Shit, this is gonna be bad.”
“What did you do?” Drake braced his fists on the table and leaned forward. Getting in Lee’s face, he said, “Be a real man for once in your miserable goddamn life, Lee. I want you to tell me what happened.”
Lee drew a shaky breath before steadying his hands on the table and looking his brother in the eye. “I just want you to know I was in a real bad place then, man. The drugs had a death grip on me. I wasn’t thinking straight.”
Drake leaned in closer. “Quit making excuses, asshole.”
Cassidy placed her hand on Drake’s back, hoping a reminder of her presence would help calm him down.
“You know I was pissed when you cut me off.” He held his hands up when Drake clenched his fists, looking ready to take the first swing. “Not that you didn’t have the right to. I get that now.”
“Go on,” Drake said, a muscle in his jaw twitching with the effort to restrain himself.
Cassidy held her breath, knowing the worst was still to come.
“Me and Katie hatched this plan, to… uh, stop by when you weren’t home and lift a few things. We were out of money and we needed a fix. I know it was a really shitty thing to do, but we were desperate. It was the disease…”
“Shut up! I’m sick of your excuses,” Drake snarled. “You make me sick.” He looked at Katie. “You were in cahoots with this loser all along? So the plan was to rip me and your sister off, huh? It didn’t matter to you that she sunk every dime she made in to that goddamn rehab facility so you could get clean and have a chance at a better life?”
“I hated myself for what I did,” Katie said, a tear slipping down her cheek. “As soon as I put that stuff in her drink, I wanted to take it back, but it was too late. She’d already drank it and—”
“Hold on just a minute,” Drake said, raising his hand. “You wanna run that past me again?” When everyone in the room remained silent, Drake turned to Cassidy for confirmation. “Is what she’s saying true? You didn’t take that shit voluntarily?”
Cassidy didn’t want him to feel guilty or let her off the hook for her part in this. She had been stupid enough to let her sister into their home that night, which set the whole thing in motion. “I’m so sorry, Drake. I—”
He held his hand up to silence her before turning his attention back to his brother. “I want to know how the hell you ended up in bed with my fiancée, and I want every last detail.”
Looking like he’d rather be anywhere else, Lee began squirming in his seat. “When Cassidy was down for the count, Katie helped her in to bed.” He looked up at his wife.
“That’s when I took the jewelry out of her jewelry box and a few other things that looked valuable,” Katie said quietly, refusing to look Drake in the eye.
“You took that stuff?” Drake muttered a curse. “I assumed Cassidy took it when she left.” Scraping his hands over his face, he said, “Go on. I need to hear the rest.”
“When Katie met me in the lobby,” Lee said, clearing his throat, “I told her about your wall safe. I was there one day when you opened it and was pretty sure I remembered the combination. I headed up and told Katie not to wait around for me.” He cast a glance at Cassidy. “I thought sleeping with Cassidy would be the best way to get back at you.”
“You sick bastard,” Drake shouted, lunging across the table. He grabbed the front of Lee’s shirt. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t kill you right now.”
Lee looked Cassidy in the eye. “’Cause I can give you back something you lost that night.”
“I don’t give a shit about any of the stuff you took that night,” Drake said, letting go of Lee’s shirt with enough force to cause his chair to wobble.
“That’s not what I’m talking about. I meant I can give you back the trust you lost that night.”
“How the hell are you gonna do that?”
Lee glanced at Cassidy. “I’m so sorry for what I did to you that night. I hate myself for it.”
Cassidy didn’t know how to respond. If he was expecting absolution, he would be waiting a long time.
Drake stood up and reached for Cassidy’s hand. “What you did to her? What the hell does that mean?”
Lee released a shuddering breath and Katie set her hand on his shoulder. “She didn’t know it was me,” he said, covering his wife’s hand with his own. “She was out of it and called out your name when we were… uh…”
The color drained from Drake’s face and he reached for the back of the chair in front of him, gripping it until his knuckles turned white. “Wait a minute, are you telling me you raped her? ’Cause if you are, the only way you’re leaving this room is in a body bag.”
Lee met his brother’s eye. The fear was evident in spite of the fact he was trying to act brave. “It wasn’t like that. I got into bed and she reached for me. At first, I didn’t realize she thought I was you. Hell, I didn’t even think it would matter to her at that point. But then she started saying all this shit about how much she loved you and how she never meant to take that stuff. She was sorry, she’d never trust Katie again…”
At the mention of her sister’s name, Drake looked at Katie, “Did you know he planned to sleep with your sister? Were you part of his sick plan?”
Katie tightened her lips and withdrew her hand from her husband’s shoulder. “No, I had no idea. He didn’t tell me about it until we were both clean a while. He felt he needed to make amends.” She shrugged. “I was angry, but we were already married by that time. I wasn’t ready to end my marriage because he made one stupid mistake.”
“One mistake?” Drake rolled his eyes. “His whole life has been one mistake after another.”
“I’m trying real hard to change, Drake,” Lee said. “Can’t you give me another chance?”
Cassidy reached for Drake’s hand when she feared he may take a swing at his brother.
“You’re lucky I’m giving you the chance to walk out of here today,” Drake said, his voice low and menacing. “Now get the hell outta here. I don’t ever want to see your face again.”
Lee stood and reached for Katie’s hand. “I understand how you feel, man, but if you ever change your mind—”
“I won’t.”
Cassidy looked at her sister. She could understand the contempt Drake felt for his brother, but no one understood that insidious disease better than she did.
“Do you mind if we go in and see Mama?” Katie asked. “We can’t stay long. It’s a four-hour drive back home and we both have to work tomorrow.”
“Someone was stupid enough to hire you two?” Drake chuckled. “I sure as hell hope he has everything of value bolted down.”
Ignoring the comment, Katie raised her chin and looked at Cassidy. “We’re working at a little B&B. The innkeeper, Mr. Bell, had been running it with his wife for years. She passed away and he’s getting on in years, but he wasn’t ready to let it go just yet. Lee does the landscaping and maintenance and I do the cooking, laundry, and housekeeping.”
Cassidy was pleased that her sister seemed to be making a valiant effort to turn her life around, but they had been down this road before. The proof would be in the life Katie was living three or five years from now.
“We really love it there,” she said, offering a small smile. “Mr. Bell is like family. He gives us a place to stay, food to eat, a car to drive… He’s like the father we never had.”
Cassidy swallowed the lump in her throat. “I’m glad you’ve found a place where you feel you belong.” Drake put his arm around Cassidy when she cleared her throat.
“It looks like you have too,” Katie said, glancing at her brother-in-law.
“No thanks to you two,” Drake muttered.
Katie sighed. “In spite of what you think of us, we are sorry for what happened. I hope you two find the happiness you deserve together.”
Cassidy watched her sister leave. She had to bite her lip and clench her fists to keep from reaching out to her. No matter what Katie had done, she was still her baby sister and a part of her would always remember the days when they’d been close.
“I’m so sorry,” Drake said, pulling her into his arms as soon as the door closed behind them. “I don’t even know what the hell to say right now.”
Resting her head on his shoulder, she let the tears flow freely. Tears for the assault she’d never allowed herself to grieve, tears for her mother’s illness, tears for the best friend she’d lost the day Katie betrayed her.
“What didn’t you tell me the truth about what happened that night?” he whispered, stroking her hair.
“I didn’t think you’d believe me,” she said, sniffling. “Or maybe I was afraid you would, and you’d hunt Katie and Lee down. I should’ve known they were in on it together.”
“I should’ve known you’d never have risked what we had for one more high and a night with a loser like Lee.”
“Can we not talk about that right now?” she asked, burrowing deeper into his strong arms. “I just need you to hold me right now. Can you do that?”
“Of course,” he said, kissing the top of her head. “Did you honestly think I was gonna let you get away from me again, you crazy girl?”
She smiled. “Maybe I was hoping you’d miss me and try to reach out to me. I honestly didn’t think you’d come all the way here though.”
“Nowhere else I’d rather be, baby.”
“Your work—”
“Will wait. The only thing that matters to me is being here for you.”
Cassidy tipped her head back to look him in the eye. “Can you do something for me?”
“Anything, you know that.”
“I’d really like you to meet my Mama.”
He grinned. “I’d love that.”


Chapter Thirteen
Drake tried to see some resemblance between the woman he loved and the pale, thin woman lying in the hospital bed, but years of abusing her body had obviously taken its toll on Cassidy’s mother.
“Are they treating you alright, Mrs. Ross?” Drake asked after they’d been introduced.
“Liz.”
He could see the effort it took her to say her own name and it reminded Drake how close he’d come to losing Cassidy the night of her attack.
Liz watched Drake reach for her daughter’s hand and bring it to his lips. “You… love… her?”
“Mama,” Cassidy said, her face flaming. “Drake and I are just taking things slow—”
“Yes, ma’am. I sure do.” He grinned at Cassidy’s look of surprise. “Come on now, it can’t come as that much of a shock to you. I’ve loved you since the first day I laid eyes on you, beautiful.”
Cassidy’s big brown eyes were swimming with tears as she reached for a tissue from the small box on her mother’s bedside table. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me today,” she said, wiping away the tears. “I never cry. Y’all know I’m not a crier.”
Drake loved that she tried so hard to be brave and independent, but he needed her to understand she didn’t have to go it alone anymore. He was here now and he’d gladly share her burden. “It’s okay to let your guard down once in a while, angel.” He leaned in to kiss her cheek. “That doesn’t make you weak.”
She smiled, stroking his face. “Thanks for saying that, but I’m gonna try to hold it together from now on. I promise.”
He pointed to his shoulder. “If it ever gets to be too much, you know where to come, right?”
“I sure do.”
Liz was watching them and Drake noticed a tear slide down her cheek. “Are you okay?”
“It’s… just… nice…” She drew a deep breath and shifted in the bed, wincing. “Seein’ my girls so happy.”
Drake would let the woman keep her fantasy about his brother for now. It hadn’t taken Liz long to figure out that her youngest daughter’s husband was Drake’s identical twin, but if she was curious about the family connection, she didn’t ask for details. He was thankful for that. He didn’t think he could stand there and pretend he wouldn’t like to make Lee pay for what he had done to Cassidy. Betraying him was one thing. He’d come to expect that, but he’d never be able to forgive Lee for dragging Cassidy into his revenge plot. Just thinking about the way he’d used her made his blood boil.
“It looks like you could use some rest, Liz,” Drake said, patting the older woman’s cold hand. “I was hoping I could talk your daughter into having some dinner with me. There’s a hotel just across the street, so we wouldn’t be too far if you need anything.”
“Can you… take… care… of her?”
At first, Drake didn’t understand her meaning until Cassidy blushed.
“Mama, my relationship with Drake has nothing to do with money. He’s the best man I’ve ever known.”
Drake grinned as he slipped one arm around Cassidy and the other hand in his pocket. “Not only can I take care of her, but I’d like to take care of you too.”
Cassidy looked up at him, seemingly shocked by his offer. “What are you talking about? You can’t do that.”
“Sure, I can.”
“But my mother is my responsibility. I can take care of her.”
Drake loved Cassidy all the more for trying so hard to be independent, but he knew there was no way she would be able to manage the hospital bills and her mother’s ongoing care. Since he had no intention of leaving without Cassidy, he saw only one solution. His future mother-in-law would move in to his guest house and he would hire a nurse to care for her. That way Cassidy could concentrate on her music again and she wouldn’t have to feel guilty about not being there for her mother. In his mind, it was the perfect solution.
“How about we talk about that over dinner? I’m guessing you haven’t eaten all day.”
“I really should stay, in case Mama needs anything,” she said, looking torn between her obligation to her mother and her desire to be alone with her man for a while.
“You go,” Liz whispered. “I’m… tired.”
“Are you sure?” Cassidy asked, fluffing the pillow under her mother’s head.
Liz managed a small smile and slight nod before her eyes drifted closed.
“I guess I have my answer,” Cassidy whispered, leading Drake out of the room. “I just want to leave my cell phone number with the nurse,” she said, pointing to the reception desk.
“Sure,” he said. Extracting a business card from his wallet, he handed it to her. “Why don’t you give them my contact information as well, in case they can’t reach you.”
She looked at the glossy black card before turning her attention to him. “I don’t think this is a good idea. We’re just figuring out where things stand between us. Besides, you’ve already done so much for me. There’s no way I could ask you to help me with my mother as well.”
“I don’t recall you asking me for anything, pretty lady.” That’s why he would give her more than she ever thought she needed, because unlike every other woman he’d ever dated, she never expected him to shower her with expensive trinkets to prove his love.
It may take the rest of his life to make up for the mess he’d made of their relationship. Maybe if he’d listened to her that night, instead of throwing her out on the street and refusing to hear to her explanation, they’d be married by now and this conversation would be a moot point because Elizabeth Ross would be his family too.
“But I know how you are when you get something in your head, Drake.”
“Stupid… stubborn… relentless? Take your pick.” He grinned when his self-depreciating comments earned her smile. He would admit to being the biggest jackass on the face of the planet if it convinced her he was sorry for the hell he’d put her through.
“I was going to say determined.”
“That’s because you’re too much of a lady to tell it like it is.” He led her up to the reception desk and they waited for the nurse to end her phone call.
“Can I help you?” the nurse asked.
“We’re going to be leaving for a little while,” Cassidy said.
“Actually,” Drake said, grabbing the business card from Cassidy’s hand and a pen from his pocket. Writing her name and cell number on the back of the card, he handed it to the nurse. “My girlfriend and I are gonna grab a room across the street for the night. You can reach us at either number if Liz Ross needs us for any reason.”
“Yes, sir,” the nurse said, taking his card.
“Can you have her primary care physician call me?” Drake asked. “I’d like to find out when she can be moved and what kind of care she’ll require when we get her home.”
“Not a problem,” she said, smiling. “Dr. Martin will be in to check on Mrs. Ross a little later. I’ll ask him to call you then.” The nurse started shuffling through some papers, a frown on her face. “I almost forgot to give this to you,” she said, handing a yellow slip of paper to Cassidy. “Your sister left her cell number when she was here earlier. She said she and her husband would like to help with your mother’s medical expenses.”
“That won’t be necessary,” Drake said, intercepting the paper before Cassidy reached for it. Crumpling it in his fist, he shoved it in his pocket. He ignored Cassidy’s look of consternation as he smiled at the nurse. “I’ll be taking care of all of Mrs. Ross’s medical expenses. If you have any paperwork you need me to fill out, I’ll take care of it when we come back in the morning.”
“Drake…” Cassidy warned. “I told you—”
“Come on, sweetheart,” he said, reaching for her hand. “I’m famished. Let’s grab some dinner.”
Drake didn’t waste any time pulling Cassidy into his arms once they were in the elevator. Kissing her before she could utter another protest, he smiled when she released a contented sigh. “Feel better?”
“When you kiss me like that, how can I not?” she asked, struggling to open her eyes.
He grinned. “That was the plan.”
Drake led the way through the lobby. Thankfully, there was an upscale hotel just across the street and they had a fine-dining establishment on the main floor. Drake’s assistant had made all of the arrangements for them while he’d been breaking speed records to get to Cassidy.
“I’ve already checked in,” Drake said. “I left my car in the underground and my suitcase in the suite.”
“Oh no,” Cassidy said, turning on her heel. “I forgot about my suitcase. It’s in the trunk of my car in the hospital parking garage.”
“No worries,” he said, holding her hand as they sprinted across the street. “You won’t need it tonight.”
“What are you talking about? I don’t even have a toothbrush.”
He laughed. “Honey, you forget who you’re dealing with.”
His assistant, Paula, had spoken to the concierge and told him what Drake wanted. He put her in touch with the ladies who ran the hotel’s finest boutique and spa and both women had personally assured Paula that Cassidy would have everything she needed waiting for her in their suite.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” she asked, struggling to catch up as he hurried her across the posh lobby.
It had been one hell of a day and the only thing Drake wanted was to stand under the shower’s hot spray, preferably with Cassidy in his arms. “You’ll see.”
There was an older couple already occupying the elevator when they stepped on which meant Drake couldn’t steal another kiss. It was probably for the best. If he started, he may not be able to stop kissing her this time.
The elevator let both couples off at the top floor and Drake wasted no time leading Cassidy to their room at the end of the hall.
She slipped her arms around his waist as he slid the key card into the lock. “Have I told you how grateful I am that you made time to come all this way?”
“Yes, you did, but you didn’t need to. I came because this is where I belong.” He held the door with his foot as he tipped her chin with his finger, tilting her head up. “I wanna be by your side from now on, sweetheart. Through the good and the bad.” He planned to put his money where his mouth was later. Given their track record, he knew he would have to prove his sincerity before she was willing to trust him with her heart again.
“I love you for saying that, but—”
“No buts,” he said, kissing her gently. ”I don’t wanna hear you say you don’t need me, ’cause I don’t believe that. You need me just as much as I need you.”
She rolled her eyes. “Since when have you ever needed anyone, Drake?”
He drew her inside and let the door close behind them. Leaning against the wall, he pulled her against his chest. “I didn’t even realize how much I needed you until you were gone.” He could tell she didn’t believe him, so he framed her face with his hands, forcing her to look him in the eye. “There was this constant ache in my chest and no matter what I did, it wouldn’t go away.”
She rested her hand over his heart. “I know what you mean.”
“When I saw you at Jimmy’s again, it was like the part of me that died when you left came back to life. Sure, I was still hurt and angry, but what I was feeling was so much more than that.”
“I never thought we’d be back here. I just assumed that was too much to hope for,” she said, tracing his lower lip with her thumb. “A girl like me couldn’t possibly get that lucky twice in a lifetime, right?”
“Wrong.” He turned his mouth into her palm, pressing a kiss to her delicate skin. “We’re here because fate brought us back together, baby. I really believe that.”
She laughed. “Was it fate or was it J.T.?”
“Either way, we’re here now,” he said, holding her close. “That’s the only thing that matters.”
“Agreed,” she said, sighing as she rested her head on his chest.
“Come on, let’s grab a quick shower before dinner.”
“Would you mind if we just stayed in tonight?” she asked, hiding a yawn behind her hand. “I didn’t get much sleep last night and—” She stopped and stared at the garment spread out on the bed. “Oh my God! What did you do?”
He chuckled at her reaction. “Does that mean you like it?”
“Are you kidding?” she asked, slowly stepping forward as she reached the bed. Her fingertips traced the silver dress lovingly. “This is the most gorgeous dress I’ve ever seen in my life.” She clasped her hand over her mouth when her eyes fell to the designer sandals on the floor. Picking one up, she looked at the hand-sewn embellishments in the soft glow of the overhead light. “This is too much. I can’t believe you did this for me.”
He laughed at her enthusiasm. Silly girl. Didn’t she realize a few thousand dollars was nothing compared to the value he placed on having her back in his life?
Drake punched his code in to the room’s safe and withdrew a rectangular velvet box. “If you like the dress, I’m hoping you’re gonna love this.”
“I can’t possibly accept all this,” she said, looking at the box as though it might contain a toxic substance. “It’s way too much. We’re not even—” She blushed. “I mean, I don’t want to take advantage of your generosity.”
He opened the box, hoping to halt her protest.
“Oh,” she breathed, looking up at him. Her eyes were filling with tears as she said, “It’s so beautiful.”
The black pearl and diamond necklace with matching earrings paled in comparison to her natural beauty, but Drake knew she would never believe that so he simply extracted the necklace from the box and slipped in behind her to fasten it.
She lifted her hair and he could tell she was holding her breath in anticipation.
“Do you like it?” he asked, kissing her neck before she let her hair tumble to her shoulders.
She touched the precious gems reverently as she glanced at her reflection in the mirror across the room. “I love it.”
“I love you,” he whispered. Looking at their image in the mirror, he smiled at her look of awe. “I mean it, Cassidy. I love you so much more now than I did the first time I asked you to be my wife because this time I realize how empty my life is without you.”
“That’s not true,” she said, casting her eyes down. “Your life is rich and full without me. You’re out every night rubbing shoulders with the richest and most famous people in town. There’s no way you could yearn for quiets nights at home when you have a beautiful woman on your arm every night.”
Drake hadn’t been a saint since they broke up. He hadn’t been looking for his soul mate when he bedded another woman. He’d already had and lost the woman he knew was the one. The others drifted in and out of his life just to fill the dull ache of loneliness. “Those women aren’t you,” he said, turning her into his arms. “Combined, they could never have given me what you did.”
A tear slipped down her cheek and she brushed it away with the back of her hand. “That’s just it, Drake. I have nothing to offer you, not yet. Maybe someday I’ll be a woman you could be proud to call your wife, but I haven’t found myself yet.”
His stomach clenched when he thought about the striking diamond engagement ring sitting in the safe. Was she telling him she wasn’t ready to wear it, that she wasn’t ready to be his wife? The first time he’d proposed, he knew she would say yes, but she wasn’t the same woman he’d fallen in love with back then. She was stronger and more confident now. She’d endured so much, and months of therapy and recovery and obviously taught her who she wasn’t or couldn’t be.
“I want you exactly the way you are,” he whispered, stroking her face. “You don’t need to change to impress me. You never have to prove yourself to me.”
“Maybe not,” she said, her lips trembling as she forced a smile. “But I do have something to prove to myself.”
“You’re scaring me,” he said, pulling her in to a hug. He couldn’t let her go again. It would kill him this time. “Don’t tell me you can’t evolve into the person and the musician you want to be while you’re my wife.”
“Drake,” she said, pulling back to look him in the eye. “I’m sorry, but I’m just not ready to make that kind of commitment right now.”
She stepped out of his arms and he had to clench his hands at his sides to keep from reaching out to her again. “Damn it, Cassidy. I could help you. I could give you everything you’ve ever wanted. You could do whatever the hell you want… with my support. Write music, get your record deal, be a mother…” He uttered the last words quietly, knowing how much the old Cassidy wanted a baby. His heart would break if she told him she didn’t want that anymore.
She started pacing the floor at the foot of the bed. “When I met you, I honestly felt like I’d met my Prince Charming. I know it sounds silly, but you swept me off my feet and made me believe in happily ever after.”
He could kill his brother with his bare hands for putting them in this position. Cassidy would already be his wife, perhaps even carrying his child by now if not for Lee. And he wouldn’t be fighting the fear that she was getting ready to walk out of his life all over again.
“You made me believe that someone like you really could fall in love with a girl like me.” She stopped pacing and looked up at him.
The conviction he saw in her eyes shook him. She wasn’t wavering or second guessing her decision. She knew exactly what she wanted and he feared it wasn’t him.
“I did. God, I do love you. So damn much.”  His voice was shaky, his insides quivering. If she told him to leave her here to care for her mother without him, he didn’t know how he would deal with it. “Whatever the issues, we’ll work through them.” Panicking, he did the only thing he thought might salvage his dream. He went to the safe to extract the ring box.
She looked at the box in his hand as he walked toward her. “No,” she whispered, holding her hand up. “Please, don’t do that.”
Stunned, he clenched the box in his fist. “You’re saying you don’t want to marry me?”
“I can’t let you rescue me, not again. I have to learn how to stand on my own two feet and figure things out for myself. Please, just tell me you understand.”
He didn’t understand any of this. He’d shown up here to support the woman he loved. He wanted to take Cassidy and her mother home with him and now he was faced with the prospect of returning to a shell of a house containing memories of the brief period she made it feel like a home.
“Is this because I blamed you for what happened with Lee?” He felt sick to his stomach. The only other time he’d ever felt like this was the last time she left him. Only then his grief had been laced with rage, which somehow made it easier to let her go. Now he was just feeling this immense sense of loss and sadness he hadn’t experienced since he found out his parents would never be coming home again.
“No,” she whispered. “That wasn’t your fault. You had every reason to assume the worst of me under the circumstances.” She took a step forward, taking his hands in hers. “That’s just it, Drake. I’m so glad you sent me packing that night. You gave me something I’d never had before: the will to fight.”
“Fight for me now. Jesus, Cassidy, you gotta fight for us.” Drake knew he was begging and he didn’t care if it made him seem weak or vulnerable. He’d wasted too many years being the tough guy, pretending he didn’t need anyone and he’d wound up alone. He didn’t want to be alone anymore. He wanted her, only her, and he’d do whatever it took to make her realize that.
She reached up to stroke his face. “I love you.”
“Then don’t…” He cleared his throat when his voice broke. “Don’t do this.”
“I can’t marry you. I’m sorry.”
He let her words sink in for a minute, felt the disappointment move through him, but he wasn’t ready to give up just yet. “Fine, take all the time you need. You can move in with me and we’ll get your mama set up in the guest house. I’ll hire a nurse and—”
A sad smiled teased her lips as she touched her fingertips to his mouth to silence him. “You’re doing it again, trying to rescue me. I can’t let you.”
“Please,” he said, grabbing her waist. “Just tell me what the hell I need to do to make things right.”
“You need to let me figure that out on my own.” She stood on her toes and pressed a kiss to his lips. “I don’t expect you to wait for me to figure things out because, honestly, I don’t know how long that might take, but just know that you’ve changed my life in ways you can’t even begin to imagine.”
“So you’re staying here?” He couldn’t even imagine returning to Nashville without her.
“Yes. This is where I need to be right now. My mama needs me, and I need to figure out where I go from here.”
“What about your music? You’re telling me that you’re just gonna give up on your dream so you can play at being your mama’s nursemaid?” He cursed himself when she winced at the resentment she must have heard in his voice. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. Look,” he said, gripping her shoulders. “Maybe I’m being selfish, but I really felt like this was our second chance. Please don’t walk away from that.”
“I’m not walking away from anything, Drake. I’m gonna try to rebuild my life from the ground up. Maybe I’ll even be able to forge a healthy relationship with my mama for the first time in my life. I really want that.”
He couldn’t blame her for that. He’d give anything for just one more day with his own parents. “But where does that leave us?”
“I’d like to think we can be friends,” she said, cautiously. “Maybe we can call or email to touch base now and again?”
Drake couldn’t imagine being her friend when he wanted so much more, but if that was the only offer on the table, he had no choice but to except it. Shoving the ring in his pocket, he leaned in to kiss her forehead. He knew if he tasted her lips one more time, he wouldn’t have the strength to tear himself away. “You know where to find me if you need me.”


Chapter Fourteen
Cassidy had been caring for her mother for almost six months and during that time, her life had changed in ways she could never have imagined. They’d forged a healthy mother/daughter relationship since Elizabeth quit drinking and they’d moved in to a small two-bedroom  apartment across the hall. Cassidy had painted and convinced the landlord to replace the carpet before they moved and she’d budgeted for new furniture and window coverings. She wanted to know that her mother would have a place she would be proud to call home when Cassidy finally left to pursue her own dream.
Selling her songs had been difficult at first, but then she had the satisfaction of hearing one of her songs on the radio, even topping the country music charts, and it gave her a sense of pride she’d never had before. Her earnings had allowed her to pay her mother’s rent until they were able to arrange for a long-term disability pension and set up a repayment plan with the hospital.
Everything was falling in to place in her life and she was finally heading back to Nashville for a meeting with Evan Spencer, the president of Titan Records. He wanted to discuss the possibility of hiring her as a staff writer and she was hoping his proposal would give her the freedom and flexibility to move on with the next phase of her life.
Her cell phone rang and she glanced at the screen as she pulled up to a traffic light. Katie. She and her sister had spoken several times since her mother’s stroke, but their discussions had been focused on Liz and her recovery.
“Hello,” she said, pushing the button to connect the call.
“Hey, Cass, do you have a minute to talk?”
“Yeah, I’m just on my way to Titan Records to meet with Evan Spencer about a job.” Glancing at the digital display on her dashboard, she said, “I should be there in about fifteen minutes.”
“I called the apartment first. Mama told me you were going to a job interview. Good luck.”
“Thanks.” There were able to manage cordial, but Cassidy didn’t know if they would ever bond as sisters again. “What’s up?”
“Um, I have some news I wanted to share with you.”
“I’m listening.”
“I’m pregnant.”
“Oh, wow…” Cassidy didn’t know why that news felt like fire spreading through solar plexus. Perhaps because she was the older sister and her biological clock had her looking at every baby she passed on the street. “Congratulations.”
“Thanks, sis.” Katie drew a deep breath. “I really want you to be a part of my daughter’s life, Cass.”
“Your daughter? You’re having a little girl?” The image of a little girl with big brown eyes and dark ringlets popped in to her head. The Ross sisters had looked so similar as children that people often mistook them for twins. Would her niece look like they did when they were babies? Cassidy didn’t know, but she was certain she wanted to find out.
“Yeah, can you believe it?” Katie half giggled, half sobbed. “I just know she’s gonna be a daddy’s girl. You should see how excited Lee is.”
“Then you two are…” She didn’t know how to voice the question, but she suspected she didn’t have to.
“We’re both still clean, if that’s what you’re asking. I’m telling you we’re not the same people we were back then. Can’t you and Drake give us a chance to prove that?”
“I can’t speak for Drake, but I’m willing to think about it.”
“Speaking of Drake, have you seen him lately?”
“No, I haven’t.” They’d exchanged phone calls and emails since he left the hotel, but he had been respectful of her decision and hadn’t tried to convince her to come back to Nashville. She had no idea whether he’d moved on with someone else and didn’t feel she had the right to ask.
“Are you…” Katie cleared her throat. “Still in love with him?”
Cassidy had never stopped loving Drake and knew she never would. “Yes.”
“Then what are you waiting for, Cass? Put the poor guy out of his misery already.”
“What are you talking about?”
Katie sighed. “Mama told me he calls the apartment at least once a week and he’s sent you flowers a bunch of times. Apparently, he even asked if he could come and visit you a couple of months ago, but you said no.”
“I wasn’t ready to see him then.”
“But you are now?”
She’d considered it, but she had no idea how he would respond if she just invited herself to his home. “Maybe.”
“What the hell are waiting on, girl? Mama’s fine now. She tells me you’ve even helped her start a new business.”
Much to Cassidy’s surprise, her mother had been interested in graphic design for years and since the physical therapist suggested typing could help her to regain mobility in her hands, she’d started working on the new laptop Cassidy bought for her as soon as they returned home. Within four months, she was working almost full-time designing everything from book covers to ads and promotional material for clients. She’d been sober since before the stroke and Cassidy could tell she was finally happy and proud of her accomplishments.
“Yeah, it turns out she’s really talented. In fact, she’ll be able to live off her own earnings soon.”
“That’s great. So back to you and Drake.”
“Please don’t push.”
“Fine, but will you at least call the man while you’re in Nashville?”
“If I agree, will you back off?”
“Yes!” Katie giggled. “But only if you promise to call and let me know how it goes, Auntie Cassidy.”
For the first time in years Cassidy felt like she had a sister again. “Fine, but don’t wait up.”
“Does that mean what I think it means?” she asked, squealing. “Are you planning to spend the night with him?”
“Mind your own business.” Cassidy pulled into the parking lot of Titan Records. “I gotta go. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Can’t wait. Hey, I love you, sis.”
Cassidy smiled. “Me too.”

***

Drake cursed the ringing phone that pulled him away from his computer. He was tempted to ignore it, but curiosity got the better of him. His heart nearly stopped when he saw the name on the call display. Cassidy.
He reached for the phone. “Hey, pretty lady. What’s up?”
“Hey yourself, stranger. I was wondering if you’re too busy for company.”
Drake stood up, thrusting his hand through his hair. “You’re here, in Nashville?”
“I’m turning down your street in fact.”
He looked out the window, hoping to see her car. If she was playing some kind of joke on him he would never forgive her. “You’re serious?”
“Of course, I am.” She laughed. “I was just gonna show up on your doorstep, but I… uh, thought you might be entertaining and I didn’t want to intrude.”
He chuckled. “You thought I had another woman over?” He hadn’t been with anyone since he left their hotel room that night. She’d told him not to wait for her, but moving on without her wasn’t an option. So he’d thrown himself in to his work and tried to be satisfied with the occasional phone call and email from Cassidy.
“Do you?”
“No, I’m alone.”
“Is Dora there?”
“No, I gave her the day off.” He smiled. “Why do you ask?”
“I thought it might be nice to see her. How about Caleb? Is he there?”
“Now why the hell are you asking me about him?”
She laughed. “Just to see if I could still get a rise out of you.”
Oh, she could. In more ways than one, but he wouldn’t give her the satisfaction of admitting it. “Just get your sweet little self over here already. Have you had dinner yet?”
“No, maybe I could take you out?”
“You know what, I’d rather have you all to myself. Dora made some homemade pizza. Why don’t I pop that in the oven and open a bottle of wine?”
“Sounds perfect.” She hesitated. “I can’t wait to see you, Drake.”
His heart did a crazy little flip-flop in his chest. “Me too, sweetheart. I’ll call the gatehouse to let them know you’re coming. See you in a few.”
Drake was whistling for the first time in forever as he walked out to the kitchen to turn the stove on. He punched the button to contact security and told them he was expecting a guest. Taking the pizza out of the fridge, he popped it in to the oven before wandering over to the mirror in front of the door.
He grimaced when he saw his reflection. Faded jeans, graphic print T-shirt, not exactly the way he wanted to present himself tonight, but the hum of a car engine told him a shower and change of clothes were out of the question.
She bounded up the steps, her enthusiasm apparent as she threw herself in to his waiting arms. “I’ve missed you so much,” she said, squeezing him hard around the neck.
Drake was speechless as he buried his face in her hair, inhaling her scent. He’d waited so long to hold her in his arms again, it almost felt like a dream he never wanted to wake up from. “I missed you too, angel.” It was another minute or two before he finally released her. Holding her at arm’s length, he said, “Damn, you look good.” He hadn’t seen her look this happy or content… ever. He couldn’t quash the fear that she was here to tell him in person that she’d finally found the place she belonged and it wasn’t with him.
“Thanks, I had a job interview today.”
He pulled her farther inside before closing the door. “You did? Why didn’t you mention anything to me about it when we spoke last week?”
“I wasn’t sure it was going to go anywhere and if it did, I kind of wanted it to be a surprise.”
“Okay, so fill me in. How did it go?” He took her black wool trench coat off and hung it in the closet. She was wearing a trim two piece black suit with knee-high boots. The high heels were tipped with silver and he couldn’t help but wonder what she would look like wearing those boots and nothing else.
“Oh,” she said, her eyes travelling to the wood burning fireplace in the living room. “It’s nice and warm in here. You mind if I get comfy before I give you all the details?”
“Be my guest.”
She leaned on his shoulder as she unzipped the tall boots and set them against the door. “Better,” she whispered, before biting her lip and reaching for the buttons on her blazer.
He swallowed as his eyes followed her movements.
Sliding the blazer off to reveal a lacy black camisole, she reached around him to hang her blazer on the nickel door handle behind him.
He nearly groaned when her full breasts brushed against his arm, but it wasn’t until she lifted her hair, stretching her arms above her head that he grabbed her by the waist. “You’re killing me here. You know that, don’t you?”
“I’m just wondering what a girl has to do to get a little kiss from you,” she whispered, licking her lips.
“You sure as hell don’t have to ask me twice,” he muttered before taking her mouth. He teased her lips with his, relishing the taste he had been fantasizing about for months. “God, I’ve missed this.”
“Me too,” she said, wrapping her arms around his neck.
“Really?” He wanted to believe that, but things seemed to be going so well for her lately he feared she may be coming to the realization she really didn’t need him to make her life complete. Too bad he couldn’t say the same.
“Of course.” She stood on her toes to press a quick kiss to his lips. “I’m famished. Is that pizza ready yet?”
“Yeah, it should be.” He took her hand and led her into the kitchen.
“Can I do anything to help?” she asked.
“Um, I think Dora left a salad in the fridge. I’ll open the wine if you could toss that.”
“My pleasure,” she said.
He watched her move freely around his kitchen without asking where he kept the items she needed. Obviously, she and Dora had spent a lot of time together in this room when she’d been staying with him. It was so easy for Drake to imagine her living here, building a life with him.
He peeked into the oven, turning it off when he was noted the cheese was bubbling and the crust was nicely browned. Reaching for a bottle of her favorite red wine from the built-in rack at the end of the breakfast bar, he reached around her to get the corkscrew from the drawer. He couldn’t resist dropping a quick kiss on her neck, making her smile and squirm in response.
“I’m glad you were free tonight,” she said, adding a little salt and pepper to the salad.
“I’m free every night,” he said, smirking.
She laughed. “You’re such a liar.” When he didn’t respond, she stole a glance out of the corner of her eye. “Have you been, uh, dating much?”
He smiled when he saw a blush stain her cheeks. “Some.”
“Oh,” she said, sinking her teeth into her bottom lip. “Anyone serious?”
“No.”
“Hmm.”
Drake decided to put her out of her misery when it became obvious she wasn’t going to ask the question she was dying to know. “There are some functions when it makes sense to bring a date. It’s just easier, if you know what I mean.”
He opened the wine, pouring some into each of their glasses before putting an oven mitt on to extract the hot pan.
“You mean you bring someone so you won’t have to ward off advances all night?”
He chuckled as he set the pan on the stovetop. “Something like that.” Grabbing some plates, he headed over to the large, round table in the middle of the eating area to set them out.
She was walking toward him with the wine glasses in hand when she stepped in to his path. “Is there anyone special in your life right now?”
“Yes.” He smiled when she looked disappointed at his response. “You.”
“Really?” she asked, looking hopeful. “There’s no one else?”
“Baby, don’t you know by now? No one could ever compete with you in my mind.”
Seeming pleased with his response, she kissed his cheek before setting the wine glasses down on the table. “I heard Tori’s new song hit number one this week. Congrats, Mr. Producer.”
“Thanks,” he said, stacking the pizza on a serving plate. “But Tori’s such a pro. She probably could have produced that album herself.”
“That’s not what Evan Spencer said,” Cassidy said, smiling. “According to him, you’ve been a machine lately. Working all hours of the day and night, producing some of the best music of your career.”
He frowned. “When were you talking to Evan?” He counted Evan among his closest friends. Why wouldn’t he have told him if Cassidy had reached out to him?
“That’s the interview I had before I came here,” she said, sitting down.
He brought the pizza to the table and set it down before regarding her carefully, trying to figure out where this was going. “You said interview, not meeting. Does that mean you’ve given up on getting the record deal?”
She gestured to the seat next to her. “Why don’t you sit down and I’ll tell you about it.”
He couldn’t shake the feeling she’d kept this to herself for a reason. Maybe she knew he wouldn’t like the plans she was making for her future if they didn’t include him. “Okay,” he said. “I’m listening.”
“You know that Titan and a few other labels have bought some of my songs, right?”
“Of course I know that. Hell, “Demons” made it all the way to number one.” He smiled. “Made me wish I’d been the one to produce the damn thing.”
She reached for a piece of pizza. She took a small bite, chewing carefully, as though she wanted to take her time for a reason. “I’ve realized a lot of things about myself and my family over the last six months, Drake. My mama hasn’t been the only one healing. I’ve done a lot of healing too.”
“I’m glad to hear that.” He could barely breathe as he waited for the words that would seal his fate.
“I had no business accepting your marriage proposal the first time you asked me to be your wife.”
His gut clenched. That had been the happiest moment of his life, bar none. And now she was telling him she wished it had never happened?
“I was still struggling with my addiction, dealing with the trauma from my childhood and trying to figure out my place in the world. I thought being your wife would give me a sense of identity, but that wasn’t fair to either one of us.”
He knew it was selfish, but he wouldn’t have minded if her identity had been wrapped up in being his wife and the mother of his children. “Go on,” he said quietly.
“I started to heal during the year I lived at the center, but I didn’t realize how important it would be for me to go back to the scene of the crime, so to speak.”
“Your childhood home?” he asked. She’d shared some of the details of her childhood with him and he knew it had been pretty horrific by any standards.
“If you can call it that,” she said, rolling her eyes. “It was really just a grungy little apartment with second-hand furniture, but I realized I had to stay there to exorcise my demons.”
“Demons? That’s where that song came from?” He struggled to remember every word of the song he’d listened to dozens of times. Nikki Spencer McCall had been the artist who recorded the song, but Drake couldn’t help but hear Cassidy’s voice behind the heart-wrenching words of abuse and loneliness.
“Yes.” She set some salad on her plate as though she needed something to distract her from the pain. “I started working on that song years ago, but I couldn’t bring myself to finish it until I was back in that apartment, surrounded by the vile memories of those monsters who stole my innocence.”
“Your mother’s boyfriends?” Drake clenched his fist beneath the table. There was nothing he wouldn’t do to protect this woman, and the thought of someone hurting the innocent child she’d once been enraged him.
“Yes.” She took a small bite of salad, blinking away the tears in her eyes.
He knew she was trying to pretend it didn’t still hurt, but he wanted to tell her she didn’t have to pretend with him. He would always be the guy she could let her guard down with. He would never judge or ridicule her for circumstances that were beyond her control.
“My mama and I talked a lot about my childhood these past few months and it’s helped both of us to forgive, start to forget, and move on. I feel like I finally have a mother for the first time in my life,” she said, smiling.
“I’m glad to hear that, sweetheart,” Drake said, squeezing her hand. He wanted her to rebuild her relationship with her mother, but he hoped that didn’t mean she felt she needed to stay in the same town to strengthen that bond.
“She’s starting to build a new life for herself and I’m so proud of her, Drake.” Her face lit up as she said, “She’s even started going to church and she’s made a whole new set of friends who are really supporting her in the changes she’s making.”
“It sounds like she’s in a good place.” Please, let that mean you’re ready to come home to me.
“She is. When I saw her making all of these positive changes, getting out more, making new friends, starting a business, I realized I wanted to give her a fresh new start in a new place.”
“That’s why you decided to move to the new apartment?”
“We spent a lot of time fixing it up, but it’s still affordable so she’ll be able to manage the bills on her own soon.”
Drake wished Cassidy wasn’t too proud to accept his help, but he knew he had to let her do this her way. Taking a bite of pizza, he was relieved when it didn’t sit like lead in his stomach. “It sounds like your mama is on the right track. So, what does that mean for you?” For us?
“I realized that writing music is my passion, Drake.”
“Okay,” he said slowly. Cassidy was one of the most gifted singers he knew, but being a musician required a commitment at a whole different level than that of a song writer. Song writers worked behind the scenes, set their own schedules, didn’t have to deal with the celebrity status artists did, and often took time off for things like… having a family.
“I had a story to tell and my songs allow me to do that.” She smiled before finishing her slice of pizza and dabbing her mouth with a napkin. Sitting back in her seat, she reached for her glass. “I always thought that could only happen if I was the one to sing them, ya know? I thought I had to be out there on stage every night to really connect with an audience.”
“But…?”
“But the first time I heard one of my songs on the radio, I realized that’s not true. The singer is kind of like the narrator telling my story. It’s still my story, it’s just his or her voice sharing it with the world.”
“Makes sense,” he said, finishing his slice of pizza before setting his plate aside. Food was the last thing on his mind right now.
“So, that’s why I decided to accept Evan’s job offer,” she said, smiling.
“You’re going to be writing music exclusively for Titan’s artists?” He didn’t want to get too excited. He knew some of Titan’s writers worked in-house while others were scattered across the country.
“I sure am.” She grinned. “You’re looking at the newest member of the Titan Records team.”
“Congratulations, sweetheart,” he said, raising his glass in her honor.
She touched her glass to his and said, “The best part is that the contract comes with a great salary and performance incentives based on how well the song does.”
“It sounds like the perfect job for you,” he said, taking a sip of his wine. There were a million questions racing around in his head, but he didn’t want to come on too strong by firing them at her like missiles.
“It is, for a lot of reasons.” She slid her foot up his leg, winking at him as her tongue reached out to lick a drop of liquid off her wine glass.
“Such as?” he asked, shifting when her foot found his inner thigh.
“I’ll have a lot of free time, since I’ll be able to work from home whenever I want to. I mean, I can go in to the office or work from home, it’s up to me.”
“Go in to the office?” he asked, seizing her wandering foot in his hand so he could concentrate on what she was telling him. “That means you’ve decided to move back to Nashville?”
“That kind of depends…”
His heart nearly stopped as he waited for her response. “On?” he asked, finally.
“You. Do you want me to move back to Nashville?”
“Jesus,” he muttered, reaching for her hand to pull her into his lap. “You damn near gave me a heart attack, girl. Of course, I want you to move back. What the hell kind of question is that?”
“There’s something I need to say, Drake,” she said, bringing her hand to his face.
She looked so serious, so uncertain, and he knew if she continued torturing him this way, he would never survive the night. “Just say it already, please.”
Hiking her skirt up, she shifted so she was straddling him, facing him, looking into his eyes. “You are the man I was meant to spend my life with.”
He let out the breath he’d been holding in a gush as he tipped his head forward. “You don’t know how much I needed to hear you say that.”
“I didn’t need this time to figure out how I felt about you. I knew that all along, but I couldn’t come back to you until I figured out who I was. Until I felt like a complete person, healed from the past, in control of her addiction.” She smiled. “Someone who’d wrestled her demons and won.”
“I’m so proud of you,” he said, kissing her fiercely. “And I love you so damn much.”
“I love you too,” she whispered, kissing him multiple times before pulling back to look him in the eye. “But there’s more, and I’m afraid you’re not going to like this part.”
As long as she intended to stay here and commit to building a life with him, he could deal with almost anything. “Let’s hear it,” he said, brushing her hair off her shoulders.
“I think I want my sister to be a part of my life again.” She eased the lines between his eyebrows with her fingertips when he scowled. “She and Lee are having a baby, and I want to have a relationship with my niece… with our niece,” she corrected.
Time hadn’t softened Drake’s anger toward his brother, but the news that he was going to be an uncle gave him reason to pause. If anything, he wanted to make sure Lee didn’t screw up some innocent kid’s life the way he’d managed to mess up his own. “You’re free to do whatever you want,” he said. “I’d never try to stand between you and Katie.”
“Do you think you might be able to forgive your brother at some point?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I’m not ready to think about that just yet.” He held her close.
“But you’re not saying no?” she whispered in his ear.
He smiled at her persistence. “I’m not saying no.”
“Good,” she purred, grinding against him. “I guess I should start apartment hunting tomorrow, huh?”
He laughed. If she thought he was going to let her out of sight again, his sweet girl was delusional. “It just so happens I have the perfect spot for you,” he said, kissing her bare shoulder. Moving his way up to her neck, he smiled when he heard her breath get caught in her throat.
“Where?”
“On the other side of my bed.”
She gripped his shoulders as he continued kissing her neck. “That sounds… perfect.”


Chapter Fifteen
Drake was sitting in the office of his studio, trying to work through what seemed like the hundredth challenge he’d had to face that day when a soft tap on the door drew his attention away from his computer.
Expecting one of his employees, he turned his swivel chair to face the door and called, “Come in.” He was stunned when Lee appeared. “What the hell are you doing here?”
They hadn’t seen or spoken since that day at the hospital almost eight months ago, and while Drake knew Cassidy had spoken to and seen both Lee and her sister, he’d told her he wasn’t ready to bridge that gap just yet. She told him she understood, but he could tell she was disappointed that he wasn’t willing to make the effort. He didn’t want to upset her, but he couldn’t pretend his brother hadn’t betrayed him in the worst possible way.
“Can we talk, Drake?”
Drake didn’t know how to be civil to a man he’d once thought he would lay down his own life for, and that realization made him wonder whether it was too late to ever go back. “I have nothing to say to you.” In truth, he had a lot to say, but words wouldn’t repair their relationship. In fact, Drake questioned whether anything could.
“Then maybe you could just listen for a minute?” Lee looked hesitant, completely unlike the arrogant drug addict Drake had come to despise.
“I’m dealing with a crisis right now.” His day had been a series of crises and the last thing he needed was for his brother to add more angst.
“I understand,” Lee said, taking another step inside the office. “Honestly, I won’t take up too much of your time.” A hard, obvious swallow precluded his plea. “Drake, please, man.”
Drake took in his appearance, looking for a single tell-tale sign that he might be using again, but he had to admit, Lee looked better than he had in a long, long time. He almost reminded him of the kid with a bright future, who believed anything was possible. That was before the drugs took hold and he lost his grip on his dreams. “Fine, sit down,” he said, gesturing to the chair on the other side of his desk. “But I only have a minute.”
“That’s all I need.” Sitting down across from his brother with his hands clasped in front of him, his head bowed, Lee said, “Part of my recovery involves making amends.”
Drake didn’t wanted to derail his recovery, but he wasn’t ready to offer forgiveness. He didn’t know if he ever would be. “Then you should be talking to Cassidy.”
“I know.” Without his head still bowed, he lifted his eyes. “But I wanted to talk to you first. I know I should’ve come to you with this a long time ago, but I didn’t think you’d even agree to see me. So I waited. I bided my time, and figured if I was on really solid ground, maybe you’d believe that I’m sincere about turning my life around.”
“I hope you are. You have a baby on the way. She deserves the best of you.”
Cassidy told Drake they were going to have a niece. She’d even shown him a copy of the ultrasound picture her sister had given her. In that moment, his hatred was eclipsed by hope and he began to wonder if his family could heal. But then he looked at Cassidy, and he remembered. Perhaps she would always serve as a reminder of all the reasons his brother was dead to him now.
“That’s what I intend to give her.” Staring down at his hands, Lee said, “I want to be the kind of dad to her that we had.”
It wasn’t often they spoke of their parents. It was too painful to remember. “You have a hell of a long way to go.” When Lee winced, Drake felt a twinge of guilt. “But I have to commend you for wanting to try.”
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry… for everything.” Lee’s voice trembled when he said, “You didn’t deserve any of it, and if I had it to do over again…”
“But you don’t. None of us get a do-over.” Drake knew he should find a way to be grateful that he had Cassidy back in his life and they were rebuilding their relationship, but it wasn’t easy to wipe his memory clean, no matter how much he might wish he could.
He missed having a brother. There was a time, when they were kids, that they had been inseparable. As siblings who’d suffered the tragedy of losing their parents, they understood each other the way no one else could. As twins, it often felt like they shared more than an uncanny resemblance. It seemed they had a window into the other’s soul. Drake missed that connection and knew that as much as he loved Cassidy, the bond he once shared with his brother was unlike any other.
“Do you think you’ll ever be able to forgive me?”
Looking him in the eye, facing the anguish of his betrayal, Drake didn’t know whether he would rather deliver a blow or give in to his tears. “I don’t think so.” There was a long silence, where Drake almost thought he heard the united sound of their heartbeats.
“Okay, I understand.” Lee reached into his pocket when his cell phone rang, but he didn’t look at the call display. “Thanks for listening anyway.”
Drake just nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
“Drake, I—” Cassidy stopped short when she burst into the room and realized Drake wasn’t alone. “Lee, what are you doing here?” Holding up her hand before he could respond, she said, “Forget it, it doesn’t matter. I just got a call from Katie. She’s at the hospital.”
“What?” Lee shook his head as if in denial. “No, not the baby.”
It was in that moment Drake realized his brother was already in love with his daughter and he said a silent prayer that she would be born healthy and strong because no matter how angry he was with Lee, he wanted only the best for that baby girl.
“She’s in labor, Lee,” Cassidy said. She looked at the phone he had clutched in his hand. “She tried to call you. Why didn’t you answer?”
Lee looked at Drake and it seemed he was unable to find his voice so Drake said, “We were just finishing up here when Katie called.”
“We don’t have time to waste,” Cassidy said, grabbing Lee’s jacket and pushing him toward the door.
“It’s too soon,” he whispered. “She wasn’t supposed to deliver for almost four weeks. Isn’t that too soon?” He looked at Cassidy, his eyes filled with terror. “You think she’s going to be okay though, right? She has to be okay.”
“I think she’s going to be fine,” Cassidy said soothingly. “Come on, we’ll drive you to the hospital. I just called my mother, she’s going to try and make it in time, but-”
“I’ll send my plane for her,” Drake said quickly, knowing the odds were slim if she had to drive the distance.
“That’s so sweet of you,” Cassidy said, smiling at him.
“No problem.” Drake grabbed the keys off his desk. He wasn’t looking forward to being stuck in a car with Lee and Cassidy, but they were family, and during times like this, they had to put their differences aside and pull together.

***

Katie squeezed Cassidy’s hand through another contraction. “God, it hurts so bad.”
“I know it does, honey,” Cassidy said, trying not to wince when her knuckle cracked under the pressure.
“Where’s mama? I want her here!” Katie wailed.
“She’ll be here soon,” Cassidy said, glancing at the wall clock. Katie had been in active labour for hours. “Drake just went to pick her up at the airport.”
“Do you think she’ll make it in time? The doctor said I’m eight centimeters already.”
“She’ll make it,” Cassidy said, knowing that’s what her sister needed to hear right now.
“Where the hell is Lee? He went to get those ice chips five minutes ago!” she cried, squeezing Cassidy’s hand as she groaned through another contraction.
“Your mama just got here,” Lee said, throwing the door open. “She’ll be right in.”
Thank God, Cassidy thought, withdrawing her hand from her sister’s grip to flex it. “I’m gonna go get her, baby. You hang on.”
Elizabeth was standing outside Katie’s door with Drake at her side, looking frazzled. “Is she okay?”
“She’s asking for you,” Cassidy said, hugging her mother. “You go on in.”
“Aren’t you coming?” Liz asked.
“I’m sure the doctor would object to having too many people in the room when she delivers,” Cassidy said, meeting Drake’s eyes. He reached for her hand and she smiled, grateful he was here. “She has you and Lee. She’ll be fine.”
“If you’re sure,” Liz said, taking a deep breath before she squared her shoulders and pushed the door open.
Cassidy admired her mother’s effort to be the kind of parent her alcoholism had prevented her from being while they were growing up. It’s like she’d become a different person over the past eight months, getting stronger every day. Not only was she someone Cassidy was proud to call her mother, but she was finding a best friend in her too.
“Are you sure you don’t want to be with Katie when she has the baby?” Drake asked, slipping an arm around Cassidy’s waist as he led her toward the waiting room.
“She doesn’t need me.” Leaning her head on Drake’s shoulders, she said, “She’s really going to need Lee after the baby’s born though. I hope they’re both strong enough for the demands of parenthood. It’s a lot of responsibility.”
“That it is.”
They sat down, side by side, on a pair of upholstered chairs lining the wall, facing Katie’s room. “What if they can’t handle it? What’s going to happen to our niece?”
“We’ll step up,” Drake said, watching a nurse wheel supplies into Katie’s room.
“You’d really do that?” Cassidy asked, realizing just when she thought she couldn’t love or appreciate him more, he gave her yet another reason to be grateful that fate had brought him back into her life.
“Of course I would. She’s family. That’s what family’s do, right?” He smirked. “Besides, I’m used to cleaning up after my brother.”
“What were y’all talking about when I came to your office today?” Cassidy asked, linking her hand with his. Her eyes drifted to the door just as a doctor wearing blue scrubs passed through. It must be time, Cassidy thought as she said a little prayer for her sister and niece.
“Lee apologized for what happened. He wanted to know if I could ever forgive him.”
“Can you?” Cassidy asked, holding her breath. She hoped the baby they were about to welcome into the world may be a new beginning for all of them.
“I don’t know.” Looking at their joined hands, he said, “Maybe someday, but not today.”
They were silent a few minutes. There was so much Cassidy wanted say about letting go of the past, but she knew this wasn’t the time or the place. Drake had to get there on his own.
“You think your sister is ready for this?” Drake asked, watching a woman in a bathrobe walking a crying infant up and down the hall as she murmured soothing words to him.
“I think so.” Cassidy smiled when the new mother looked up and caught them watching her. “She’s really excited about the baby. So is Lee.”
“So is Auntie Cassidy judging by the stash of loot I saw tucked away in your walk-in closet.” He grinned. “Your closet is right across from mine, remember? You left your door open. I wasn’t snooping.”
Cassidy giggled just thinking about the frilly treasures she’d found at the baby boutique. “You have to see this stuff, Drake. It’s so adorable.”
He looked at her a long time before he asked. “You think you’ll be ready to be a mama anytime soon?”
She wanted to squirm under his intense scrutiny, but she knew if she did he might get suspicious. “Why do you ask?” Wracking her brain, she tried to remember if she’d left out any tell-tale signs. She didn’t think so, but the way he was looking at her made her wonder if she may have been careless.
“It’s something we used to talk about a lot when we were engaged. You haven’t brought it up lately.”
“We’re not at the same place in our relationship as we were then.” Though she desperately wished they were. More than anything, she wanted her baby to have two loving parents who adored not only them, but each other. But even if a future wasn’t in the cards for her and Drake, she was determined to be the very best mama she could be.
When Drake remained quiet, Cassidy asked, “What about you? How do you feel about having kids someday?” And how would he react when he found out that day was going to come sooner than he thought?
She’d forgotten her pills when they went away one weekend. She didn’t want to ruin the moment by asking him to wear a condom and foolishly miscalculated her cycle, convincing herself the timing wasn’t right for her to get pregnant. She just prayed when she told Drake about the baby, he wouldn’t think she’d planned it to trap him before he felt ready to commit to a future with her.
“I still want kids.”
He hadn’t said, “I still want us to have kids,” but before Cassidy could read too much into it, her mother rushed through the door, grinning from ear to ear.
“That was fast.” Cassidy jumped up. “How is she? How’s the baby? Are they alright?”
“Your sister is wonderful and the baby is perfect.” Liz’s eyes landed on Drake when she said, “They’ve decided to name her Hannah Marie Elliott.”
Cassidy witnessed Drake’s reaction, but she didn’t have time to ask him about it before her mother was making her way back into the room, promising to return as soon as the doctor allowed visitors.
“Are you okay?” Cassidy asked, turning to face Drake.
“They named her after my mother,” Drake said, quietly. “Lee and my mama were always so close.” Blinking back his tears, he said, “I can’t say I’m surprised.”
Pulling him into her arms, Cassidy said, “Maybe his daughter can fill that void in his heart, honey.” Just the way she hoped their own baby would fill the void Drake’s parents left in his heart.
“I hope so,” he whispered. “For all of their sakes, I really hope so.”


Chapter Sixteen
Drake was pacing the dining room, watching out the windows facing the circular driveway as he waited for Cassidy to return home. Home.  In the past couple of months, she’d turned his house into a home with subtle changes that made him smile, including framed photographs of the two of them. He could smell her perfume every time he walked into the closet, see her shampoo when he stepped into the shower, hear her laughter greet him at the door when he walked in after a long day, and he knew without those things, he would go back to a life of loneliness and desolation. He didn’t think he could live through that again.
Her career was taking her in an exciting new direction yet again. She and Clint Davis co-wrote a song together and he asked her to sing a duet with him. The song had the magnetic quality Drake had come to recognize as a producer and he knew the song would take her career places she claimed she wasn’t sure she wanted to go. But she would undoubtedly face the challenge the way she faced everything else in her life, fearlessly.
He wanted her dreams to come true and he would do everything in his power to make that happen, even if that took her away from him for a while. But he knew he wasn’t strong enough to let her go until he had the promise she would be coming back this time.
Headlights shone at the end the driveway, marking her arrival, and he took a deep breath, rehearsing what he wanted to say, imagining how he hoped she would respond. They’d been down this road before, but everything was different this time. Back then, she thought she needed him. Now she realized she could stand on her own in the knowledge that she was strong and capable. He loved seeing her transformation, but it scared him too because he sensed he needed her more than she would ever need him.
“Hey,” she called, her high heels tapping on the limestone floor as she made her way down the back hallway. “Where are you?”
“In here, baby.” He smiled when he saw her. She looked incredible in black skinny jeans, knee high boots, and a black turtleneck. “How’d it go today?”
She stepped into his waiting arms and laid her head on his shoulder. “Good, but why weren’t you there?”
“I had a few things to take care of.”
Clint was one of his top artists and they were recording the new song in Drake’s studio. He was confident his team could handle it, so he instructed them to make the song the very best it could be. In truth, he had mixed feelings about watching his lover sing the intimate song to another man. He knew it was ridiculous, but Cassidy gave everything she had to the things and people she loved, and he knew the song she co-wrote with the handsome singer would be no exception.
Drake usually epitomized confidence, but after losing Cassidy once and watching her evolve into someone he barely recognized, but loved even more than he ever had before, he was terrified that her new life may take her on a different path, one that led her away from him.
“Is everything okay?” she asked, looking up at him as she ran her hands over his chest. “You seem a little off tonight.”
He felt a little off. Scared, excited, introspective. A part of him wanted to get this over with, but the part that hoped it would turn out exactly as he’d dreamed, wanted to commit every second to memory. “Yeah, I’m okay, angel.” He toyed with the diamond studs he’d given her for her last birthday. She thought they were too big, too much, but he wanted to shower her with trinkets, to convince her she deserved no less than the best.
“Where’s Dora?” she asked, glancing into the empty kitchen across the hall.
The light fixture over the centre island glowed, but other than that, the hub of the large house was eerily quiet tonight.
“I gave her the night off.”
“Oh, okay. Shall I make us some dinner then?” Patting her flat stomach, she laughed self-consciously. “I’m starving.”
“Dora left dinner in the oven for us. Would you like a glass of wine before we eat?” After her battle with prescription drugs, she rarely drank, but he wanted to believe this night would warrant at least a glass of bubbly to celebrate.
For weeks, Drake had been thinking about how he wanted to do this. Where he would take her, what he would say, but in the end, he decided their home would be the best place to have this conversation. He didn’t want her to feel pressured, surrounded by people waiting for her response, nor did he want to risk the humiliation of being publically rejected.
“No, thank you,” she said, her dark eyes drifting to the place settings. There were two lit candles in the center of the table. “It looks like you went to a lot of trouble.”
“You’re worth it.” Wrapping his hand around the back of her neck, he pulled her head to his, closing his eyes as he inhaled the familiar scent of her shampoo. If he screwed this up, pushed her for more than she was ready for, he could risk losing her, and that would destroy him. “God, Cassidy, I love you so much.”
“I love you too,” she whispered, stroking his face. “What’s with you tonight? Why are you acting so strange?”
He couldn’t tell her he was feeling insecure about their relationship. Everything was going so well in her life. It wouldn’t be fair to burden her with his irrational fears. “I’ve been so happy these past couple of months.” Happier than he’d ever been.
Being with her now was completely different than the last time they’d been planning a life together. She came to him this time as his equal, knowing who she was and what she wanted. She wasn’t afraid to voice her concerns or argue her point, and that made her irresistible, not only to him, but to the men who surrounded her. Drake saw it in his studio, the way other men looked at her when they thought he wasn’t looking, and it gnawed at him, knowing she could walk out of his life at any second without benefit of the kind of commitment he longed for.
Every time he tried talking to her about the future, she smiled and told him they had all the time in the world to make plans. But every day felt like an eternity when the only thing he wanted was to make her his wife.
“I’ve been happy too, Drake.” She smiled. “You know that.”
“Yeah, I know.” She had been happy. He knew she wouldn’t have stayed if she wasn’t, but that didn’t mean she was ready to promise him forever one last time. “Sit down, sweetheart,” he said, pulling out a chair. He couldn’t go on like this another minute, making himself crazy second-guessing his decision.
Frowning, she did as he asked. “Are you breaking up with me?” Her face twisted when he didn’t respond right away. “God, you are, aren’t you?”
“No.” He couldn’t help laughing. Given how he was feeling, that suggestion seemed ludicrous. “How can you even think that?”
“I don’t know,” she said, letting him take her hands as he knelt in front of her. “I just wish you’d tell me what’s going on. You’re making me nervous.”
Looking up at her, all of the carefully rehearsed words fled and he was left with just the raw truth. “When you walked out on me the last time, I had the anger to mask the pain. I held on to that.”
Tears filled her eyes. “Why are we talking about that now? I thought we were finally getting past it. Are you ever going to be able to forget, to forgive me for what happened?”
Drake cursed himself for reminding her of one of the darkest times in their lives. “I’m sorry, I just wanted you to know that everything feels different now. If you left me now, I don’t think I could stand it.” He waited for her to assure him that would never happen, but when the assurance didn’t come, his stomach turned over, reminding him this risk could back-fire on him in the worst possible way.
Letting her eyes fall to the joined hands in her lap, she said quietly, “Things feel different for me too, in a good way. I feel stronger and more confident than I ever have before, like I’ve finally found my place in the world.”
He didn’t know whether she was referring to the bliss she’d found with him or her career. With numerous hits to her credit now, she no longer needed his financial support. She was totally self-sufficient, insisting on sharing some of the financial responsibilities on the home front, even though Drake earned more money than either of them could ever possibly spend. “You’ve come into your own, no question about it.” He looked at her hands. Her fingers were bare. She’d refused to wear another ring since her engagement ring had been stolen. “I want…”
“What?” she asked, her voice laced with impatience. “What do you want? Please, just tell me.”
“I want you.” He knew that much was obvious, but those three words encompassed everything he was feeling. “I want you there when I wake up in the morning. I want you there when I go to sleep at night. I want you there when I celebrate my success and when I need someone to commiserate with when I lose.”
She gave him a wry smile. “Like you ever lose.”
It was true, he rarely lost because he refused to accept defeat, but in this moment, it felt like his life was hanging in the balance. The pendulum could swing either way and just acknowledging that made him feel sick. “I can’t lose this time, Cassidy. I just can’t.”
“You’re not making any sense,” she said, shaking her head.
“I can’t lose you. I love you too much.” Bowing his head, he said, “I need you.” He’d never admitted the depth of his weakness before, to her or anyone else, but he knew he had to make her understand how much she meant to him, how much his future happiness depended on her.
“You’re not going to lose me,” she said, stroking his hair. “Why would you even think that?”
“I see the person you’re becoming.” His voice was raspy when he said, “I love the woman you are now, the woman I always knew you could be, but I’m not gonna lie, I’m scared too.”
“Why?”
“You don’t need me anymore, Cassidy.” He almost hated to acknowledge the truth, but he knew he had to. They’d redefined everything about their relationship from the way they communicated to the way they made love. Everything seemed more intense now that they understood what it meant to live apart.
“Yes, I do.” Raising his head, she said, “Don’t you realize that I wouldn’t be this person had I never met you? You’re the one who planted that seed of hope in me and nurtured it, Drake. You’re the one who made me look in the mirror and see that I had real potential.”
He knew he couldn’t take credit for her transformation, but he loved that she wanted to share that with him. “You would have gotten there eventually, with or without me.”
“Maybe,” she said, lifting a shoulder. “Maybe not. I don’t know, and I don’t want to know. I wouldn’t have wanted to take this journey all alone and I certainly wouldn’t have wanted to do it with anyone else.”
While he loved her words, there seemed to be a finality to them. Journeys had a final destination and he didn’t want their journey to end until one of them drew their last breath. Knowing he couldn’t continue to dance around the question he needed to ask, he withdrew the four carat diamond solitaire from his pocket, holding it up for her to see.
A sob escaped as she fixated on the ring. “Drake, what are you doing?”
“I’m ready to forge a new path with you, baby. These past months haven’t been about recapturing what we had. They’ve been about getting to know each other all over again because you’re not the same woman I proposed to the first time. I thought I loved you then, but what I felt the first time doesn’t even compare to what I feel for you now.”
She covered her mouth with her hand, but didn’t say anything.
“I want you to be my wife, my business partner—”
“Your business partner?” she asked, wiping away the tear sliding down her cheek. “What are you talking about?”
“You know this business, Cassidy. You could be an incredible asset to me. If you decide that’s something you want?” When she didn’t say anything, he quickly said, “It’s not a deal breaker. If you decide you want to keep writing songs, or you want to cut a record of your own, go out on tour, whatever you want—”
“I don’t think I see a lot of travel in my future. At least not for the foreseeable future.”
“Why not?” he asked, frowning. She still hadn’t made a move to accept the ring and he was afraid to try and slip it on her finger prematurely, so it rested in his palm, reminding him she hadn’t answered his question.
“Drake, I’m…” Her bottom lip trembled as she whispered the word, “Pregnant.”
Drake closed his eyes as he rocked back on his heels. “Come again.”
“I said I’m pregnant.” Her voice didn’t quaver as much this time, but she still sounded tentative.
“Oh my God.” He dropped his head, trying to process her words. “How long have you known?”
“Only a week or so. I was just trying to find the right time to tell you. You’re not mad, are you?”
Drake chuckled as he stared at her, trying to believe what he was hearing. “Mad? Are you serious? You actually thought I’d be mad that you’re carrying my baby?” Standing, he pulled her into his arms. “I feel like the luckiest guy in the world right now,” he whispered in her ear.
“Oh yeah, how would you feel if I told you I couldn’t wait to marry you?”
The ring. It was piercing his palm and he hadn’t even noticed. Sliding it on her finger, his hand trembled. Looking at her, knowing now that in just seven or eight months they would be welcoming their baby into the world, every fear he’d had about their future melted away. “I can’t wait to be a dad, to be your husband. That’s the only thing that matters to me.”
Kissing him gently, she smiled. “And you and this baby are the only thing that matters to me, Drake.”


Chapter Seventeen
Cassidy looked at her reflection in the full-length mirror in their master bedroom. It seemed like just yesterday that Drake slipped the engagement ring on her finger. Perhaps because the past six weeks had been a blur. She wasn’t ready to tell anyone about the baby until she passed the first trimester, but she joked with Drake that she wanted to wear a wedding dress, not a tent, so time was of the essence.
As soon as she said the word, he was on the phone to the most sought-after wedding planner in the state, asking her to drop everything to make their dream wedding a reality in six short weeks.
A soft knock on the door drew her attention away from the mirror and Cassidy held her breath as she said softly, “Come in.”
Her mother and sister stood on the other side of the door, staring at her with tears welling in their eyes. They had come a long way in a short time, and while Cassidy knew they still had their issues to work through, she was confident they would get there. Especially now that little Hannah was here to bridge the gap. With any luck, their babies would grow up together, as close as they had once been.
Drake wasn’t ready to forgive his brother and sister-in-law just yet, but he was coming around, especially since Lee and Katie asked Cassidy and Drake to be their daughter’s godparents.
“You look gorgeous,” Katie said, crossing the room to hug her sister. “I’m so happy for you, sis.”
As Katie held her at arm’s length to appreciate her couture gown, Cassidy said through her tears, “I still can’t believe this is real. Girls like me don’t get to marry their Prince Charming or be the princess in the fairy tale.”
“You deserve this,” Katie said fiercely, squeezing her hands. “You worked so hard to turn your life around and I’m so proud of you.”
“So am I,” her mother said, putting an arm around each of her daughters. “I’m proud of both of you. You’ve come so far.”
“Looks who’s talking,” Katie said, resting her head against their mother’s.
It was true, their mother’s transformation had been remarkable. Since she got her first chip and found a sponsor she trusted, her entire life turned around. She now had a career she loved, was able to support herself, had an ever-growing network of friends who understood her struggles, and a healthy relationship with both of her daughters for the first time in their lives.
“Maybe we had to experience the bad in order to appreciate the good,” Liz said softly. “Sometimes life has a way of repeating the same hard lessons until eventually you have no choice but to get the message.”
“Words of wisdom,” Cassidy said, brushing a hand over her mother’s cheek.
Liz looked younger and more vital than she had in years. She had a sparkle in her eye now that she never had before, and Cassidy knew that was because she was finally awakening to life’s possibilities. She now understood she didn’t have to let her past define her future. She could be whomever she chose to be.
“I have something to tell you,” Cassidy said. She had intended to wait, but this seemed like the perfect time to share her news. “Drake and I are going to have a baby.”
“Oh,” her mother said, covering her hand with her mouth as a tear slid down her cheek. “Really? Two grandbabies in one year?”
Katie and Cassidy shared a smile before Katie said, “Remember when we were younger, we always said it would be cool to have our kids grow up together?”
“I remember,” Cassidy said, trying to hold back her own tears. The make-up artist and hair stylist did a beautiful job and she wanted to preserve the look until Drake saw her walk down the aisle. She suspected as soon as they began sharing their vows, all bets would be off.
“I still want that,” Katie said, holding her sister’s hand. “More now than ever. I know how important family is and I want my little girl to know that too.”
Katie and Cassidy hugged as she looked over her sister’s shoulder to see Lee standing at the door. While they’d never confronted the past, she knew that forgiveness was a part of her journey and that if she could forgive her mother and sister, not to mention herself, she had to forgive her brother-in-law’s indiscretions as well.
“Katie, I think Hannah needs to be fed before the ceremony,” Lee said.
“You’re right,” Katie said, squeezing Cassidy’s hand one last time before she made her way to the door.
“Do you need anything?” Liz asked Cassidy.
“No, I’m fine.” She smiled. “Just anxious.”
“Not as anxious as your groom, I’m sure,” Liz said, laughing. “He looks like he’s about ready to pass out.”
“My brother won’t have to wait much longer,” Lee said, consulting his watch.
“I should check on things downstairs,” Liz said, smiling. “Poor Dora seemed a little frazzled. Maybe I can help her.”
Cassidy was pleased to see her mother and Dora forming a friendship. Drake’s housekeeper had become like family to her, so it was important to her that her mother and sister welcomed her into their family too.
Lee stepped aside so his mother-in-law could pass through the doorway. When she was out of earshot, he said, “Do you mind if I have a word with you, Cassidy?”
She didn’t want anything to spoil this day, but she couldn’t continue to shut Lee down the way Drake had. She preached to her fiancé about the importance of forgiveness all the time and now she had to lead by example. “Sure, come on in.”
Cassidy couldn’t deny Lee had been making a real effort, not only to be a good husband and father, but to rebuild his life. He’d gone back to school and was working full-time as a caretaker at the inn where they were living.
Lee closed the door, offering a shy smile when he glanced at Cassidy’s creamy silk strapless gown. “You look great.”
“Thanks.” There was no sign of the flirtatious jerk he’d been when he was using and Cassidy was grateful for that. Just thinking about what happened between them still turned her stomach if she allowed herself to dwell on it.
“My brother’s a lucky man.”
“So are you. Don’t forget that.” Cassidy sensed there was discord in Lee and Katie’s marriage, but she didn’t know if that was because of the stress of having a new baby to care for or the realization that they were moving in directions now that they were both in recovery.
“I know.” He looked Cassidy in the eye when he said, “Hannah has changed me, Cass. I had no idea I could love anyone the way I love her.”
Cassidy’s hand went to her stomach and she immediately regretted the action when Lee’s eyes followed the gesture. She suspected Katie would tell her husband the news, since she hadn’t asked her not to, but that didn’t mean she was ready to count Lee as a member of her inner circle just yet.
“Are you…?” Lee smiled when Cassidy nodded. “Seriously? That’s amazing.”
Now that Lee was off the drugs and taking better care of himself, the resemblance between he and Drake was startling. Cassidy had to tear her eyes away when looking into his eyes almost felt like looking into Drake’s. There was a warmth and compassion, a genuine affection, she never expected to see in Lee.
“I think so.”
“Wow, my brother’s gotta be stoked.”
“We’re both pretty excited about it,” Cassidy said, offering a slight smile.
Lee was always going to be her child’s uncle and the father of her niece. That wasn’t going to change regardless of how she and Drake felt about it, so she decided then and there to accept him as part of her family, for the sake of the children they loved.
His smile slipped and he shoved his hand into the pocket of his black suit pants. “I am so sorry about messing up your life the way I did. I’m trying to forgive myself for that. I know it’s an important part of my recovery, but I gotta be honest, it isn’t easy. Just thinking about what I did to you and Drake—”
“You can’t keep beating yourself up about the past, Lee.” Cassidy knew from experience that drug addiction and alcohol were often borne of self-loathing and for little Hannah’s sake, she never wanted to watch Lee go down that road again.
“My brother still hates me,” he said, looking pained. “I can’t say that I blame him. I would feel the same way in his shoes.”
“He just needs a little more time.”
Cassidy didn’t know if the brothers would ever be able to rebuild the bond they’d once had, but for the sake of the man she loved, she hoped so. She knew Drake’s bitterness toward his twin was eating away at him and she hated to see him hurting that way. She understood addiction better than Drake ever could. She’d tried to explain to him that it was the drugs that prompted Lee to jump into bed with her that night, but Drake still wasn’t buying it.
“I hope you’re right.” His broad shoulders were slumped when he said, “Whether Drake believes me or not, I’d do anything to make things right.”
“I believe you,” Cassidy said quietly. She was surprised to realize she did. She never expected forgiveness to come on her wedding day, but it seemed fitting. It was a day of new beginnings, and she was ready to start a new relationship with her brother-in-law. “I forgive you.” She knew he needed to hear that. Sometimes a recovering addict needed forgiveness from the person or people they’d wronged before they could begin to forgive themselves.
He began swallowing rapidly as though he were trying to contain the emotion welling up. “Thank you,” he whispered. “You don’t know how much I needed to hear that.”
Feeling compassion for a man who, on many levels, she shared more common ground with than the man she was marrying, she took a tentative step toward Lee, waiting for him to meet her halfway. When he did, she reached out to him and he wrapped his arms around her, patting her back gently. “I understand what it feels like to be broken, Lee.”
His voice sounded tearful when he said, “I never would have done those things if—”
“I know,” she said, soothingly. “I know.”
“Just love him, Cassidy. He needs you.”
“I can promise you I will, always.” Cassidy was touched that despite their differences, Lee still seemed so concerned about protecting his brother. It gave her hope that they could restore their relationship.
“I guess it’s almost time,” she said, when she saw Phil hovering outside the door.
She’d asked Phil to walk her down the aisle, knowing there was no one she would rather have by her side. He would be there to support her today the way he had the first day she walked into his office, damaged and confused, with nowhere else to turn.
“I guess I’ll see you downstairs,” Lee said.
When he stepped away, Cassidy grabbed his hand. “Don’t give up on Drake. Whether you realize it or not, he needs you too.”
A shaky laugh slipped from his lips. “I don’t know about that, but I’m not going to give up on him, no matter what.”
Phil and Lee shook hands as they walked past. Phil understood better than most the journey Lee had travelled to find the essence of who he was.
When they were alone, Phil looked at Cassidy, a slow smile spreading across his face. “You look so beautiful, so happy.”
“I am.” Cassidy knew her make-up was at risk again, but she didn’t care. Phil deserved to know that if not for him, she wouldn’t be standing here, getting ready to marry the man of her dreams. “Thanks to you.”
As he so often did, Phil deflected the compliment. “You did all the work. I just helped to guide you.”
“You did so much more than that.” Warmth radiated through her when she thought about the lengths this man had gone to just to help her learn how to be the person she longed to be. He believed in her long before she learned to believe in herself, and she knew she would be forever indebted to him for that. “You changed my life, Phil. You and Susan took me in and treated me like family when I had nowhere else to go. You made me believe that I was worthy, worth the effort you knew it would take for me to get my life back on track.”
“It looks like we were right,” Phil said, chuckling softly. “Look at you now,” he said, gesturing to her.
“This is just the packaging,” Cassidy said quietly. “I’m talking about the person I am on the inside now. I could never have become this strong or self-assured without you guys.”
“Yes, you could have,” Phil said, smiling when she looked skeptical. “It may have taken you a little longer, but the will to fight was always there. You weren’t going to let the drugs beat you, Cassidy. I knew that the first time I met you.”
Cassidy reached out to him at the same time he stepped forward. He hugged her with the affection that always made her wish she’d had an older brother to watch her back. Now she had so many people who loved her and looked out for her. Sometimes it didn’t seem possible that this was her life.
“Are you ready to do this?” Phil asked, pulling back and offering his arm.
“So ready,” she said, beaming, as she slipped her arm through his.


Chapter Eighteen
Drake’s breath got trapped in his throat as he watched Cassidy walk down the hand-made white silk aisle running along a length of manicured grass between rows of gilded chairs.
It felt like he’d been waiting a lifetime for the day he’d almost convinced himself would never come. After losing his parents, then his grandparents, and being betrayed by his brother, he’d given up on family, believing he was destined to be alone. Until Cassidy walked back in to his life and reminded him that he’d just been waiting for her to find her way back to him.
His life felt complete as he watched Phil kiss his bride and join their hands. Cassidy was his family now. Cassidy and the baby she was carrying. It seemed unfathomable that his heart could swell with so much love for someone he hadn’t even met yet, but he knew the relationship he had with their child would change him in ways he couldn’t even begin to understand yet.
As the minister spoke the familiar words, commencing their ceremony, he was lost in Cassidy. His mind drifted to all of the unforgettable moments they’d shared. The good, the bad, those that felt like they would break him and those that made him feel reborn.
The minister invited Cassidy to read her vows to Drake and he began to fear he would never survive this without breaking down in front of the hundred guests gathered under a massive floral embellished white tent on their manicured property.
A sense of calm and ease seemed to permeate the air around him, letting him know she had no reservations about joining their lives.
“I remember the first time I saw you,” Cassidy said, squeezing his hands. “I was more than a little star-struck.” Smiling, she said, “I thought I knew who you were from the articles I’d read and interviews I’d seen. But I quickly realized you were nothing like my perception.”
Drake listened, mesmerized by her words as she took him back to a day he would never forget.
“You weren’t some heartless guy who only cared about his bottom line. You cared about people. Not just your artists, but their families too. That’s when I realized I was in deep trouble. I was seriously crushing on you.”
Drake smiled when a ripple of amusement moved through their guests. She wasn’t the only one who was infatuated. The day he met her, all other women ceased to exist for him. He became consumed with getting to know her better, and eventually being the one who facilitated her dreams.
“I never, in my wildest dreams, thought a guy like you could love a girl like me.”
It pained Drake to know Cassidy had thought so little of herself back then. She had no idea how much she had to offer, but he couldn’t have missed it even if he tried. She was special, and she drew him to her like a magnet.
“You were everything I wasn’t.” Her voice was choked with tears when she said, “But you represented everything I wanted to be. You were smart, strong, successful… you had it all.”
He wanted to tell her he didn’t have it all until he had her, but he knew his time would come.
“You became the person I modelled my life after.” Offering a shaky smile, she glanced over his shoulder at the friends he’d assembled to stand beside him on this day. “I know that may sound strange, but when I was faced with a tough decision, I found myself asking what you would do.”
He had no idea she’d felt that way, but was touched and humbled by her admission.
“I didn’t have any role models growing up,” she said, quietly. “There was no one in my life to show me a better way. You were the first person I’d ever met who was actually living their dream and through you, I began to dream too.”
Closing his eyes, because he could no longer trust himself to hold it together, Drake sensed flashbulbs going off around them and he knew the select few members of the press who had been invited to the wedding were getting their money shot right now.
“When I came to Nashville, I wanted to be a singer because I didn’t know what else to do with my life. I don’t know if I really believed it was possible though until you convinced me you saw something in me.”
Trying to fixate on anything other than her beautiful eyes, his eyes fell to the sparkly diamond on her ring finger. He knew it would take an iron-will to get through his vows and he was determined to tell Cassidy everything that was in his heart.
“You may not realize this, Drake. But you really are a dream maker. Wannabe singers like me come to this city every day, hoping to make a name for themselves and one word of approval from you changes their lives forever because they know that if you believe in them, they have the talent to make their dreams come true.”
Taking a deep breath, knowing she wasn’t finished with her sweet torture, Drake smiled through his tears.
“You made my dreams come true,” she whispered. “Not when you told me I was a talented singer, but when you told me you loved me. I believed that if someone like you could fall in love with me, I must be something special.”
Kissing her hands one by one, he said, “You have no idea how special you are, lady.”
The minister smiled before inviting Drake to share his vows with Cassidy.
“In a lot of ways my life ended the day my parents died.” If anything could have made this day more perfect, it would have been having them there to share his wedding day with him, but he knew they were here in spirit, smiling down because their son had finally found his princess. “And it started again the day I met you.”
A tear slipped down Cassidy’s cheek as she squeezed his hands. He knew she was struggling as much as he was. They were private people and putting their love on display wasn’t easy for either one of them, but he wanted Cassidy to have the fairy-tale wedding she deserved.
“The years in between were something of a blur, to tell you the truth. I remember working a lot, but I don’t remember much else. Relationships weren’t even a blip on my radar because I’d already decided I’d never risk loving and losing like that again. But you changed all that. Falling in love with you wasn’t a choice. It was as natural as breathing, and that’s when I knew you were the one…”
“I love you,” she mouthed.
He smiled back at her, marvelling at how she knew exactly what he needed to hear, when he needed to hear it. “The one I wanted to build a new life with. It hasn’t always been for us, Cassidy, but I honestly wouldn’t change a thing. Losing you made me realize that living without you isn’t an option. You’re a part of me, every breath I take, every beat of my heart, my reason for smiling when I have no reason to smile. You make the worst days of my life bearable and the best days of my life better. So, thank you, for agreeing to be my wife, the mother of my children, my everything.”
He was dying to kiss her, to make their union official, but he dutifully waited for the minister to invite them to exchange rings. His was a wide platinum band with a row of diamonds in the middle and he knew this was the one and only piece of jewelry in his collection that would never come off. He wanted the world to know he was Cassidy’s husband, because in spite of all of the accolades he’d earned in his career and the awards he’d won, the title of her husband was the one he was most proud of.
When their lips finally met to a chorus of cheers as the minister pronounced them husband and wife, the only thought going through Drake’s mind was, Thank God, she’s mine.

***

By the time Drake linked hands with hers and led her away from the guests who were still dancing, drinking, and celebrating, Cassidy was exhausted. She just wanted to slip into bed and make love to her husband, but she didn’t want to be the one to call an end to the festivities.
“Where are you taking me?” Cassidy asked, leaning her head on his shoulder as he led her to the pool house.
“Have you ever been in here?” he asked, nodding toward the small stone building.
“No, Dora said you were just using it for storage.”
“I was, up until six weeks ago.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, stifling a yawn.
“Let me show you,” he said, reaching for the doorknob.
Cassidy stepped into the most beautiful little sanctuary she’d ever seen. There was a small modern kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances, a single bedroom and bathroom and a spacious living room with an office nook. The space was finished with hardwood floors and slate tile, cinnamon-colored walls and soft suede furniture. The overhead lights bathed the space in a soft glow and Cassidy could see it afforded a lovely view of the lit pool.
“This is beautiful, but why did you do all this?”
“We’re having a baby soon,” he said, touching her stomach. “You’re going to need some help if you plan to continue writing music.”
Cassidy was aware her life was about to change in unimaginable ways and while she was so excited about becoming a mother she was afraid of losing the momentum she’d begun to build with her career. “Drake, I don’t want a stranger raising our baby. He or she is going to be my first priority. I want you to know that.”
“I do know that,” he said, hugging her as he nuzzled her neck. “You’re going to be an amazing mom, honey. I have no doubt about that.”
It was important that he believed in her because as excited as she was, she also found her new role a little daunting. “I appreciate that.” Looking around, she said, “I still don’t understand why you did all this.” A knock on the door prompted Cassidy to shift toward the sound. “Who’s that?”
Drake winked at her as he called, “Come in.”
Liz poked her head inside, frowning when she saw them. “I’m sorry to interrupt. Dora said you wanted to see me.”
“I did.” Drake stepped away from Cassidy, reaching for his mother-in-law’s hand. “Liz, I want you to know how proud we are of you. The changes you’ve made in your life are nothing short of miraculous.”
“I’m not the only one who’s come along way, Drake,” she said, softly. They all knew she was referring to Katie, Lee, and Cassidy. “But I appreciate the sentiment. It means a lot to me that I’ve earned your respect. I’ve never seen my daughter so happy,” she said, her glassy eyes resting on her daughter. “And I know I have you to thank for that.”
“She’s changed my life in ways I can’t even begin to describe,” Drake said, slipping an arm around his wife’s waist. “Speaking of life changing events…” His eyes fell to Cassidy’s face and he asked, “Do you mind if I let your mama in on our little secret?”
“Um…” Blushing furiously, Cassidy said, “I kind of already did. I told her and Katie earlier. You don’t mind, do you?”
Drake chuckled. “Just couldn’t keep it to yourself a minute longer, huh?”
Cassidy smiled, grateful that he wasn’t disappointed he wouldn’t be able to share in her mother’s joy. She knew he missed his parents now more than ever and she wanted more than anything to include him in the new relationship she was building with her mother. “I guess not. You’re not upset, are you?”
“Of course not.” Kissing her cheek, he watched Liz take in her surroundings. “You’re probably wondering why I asked you to come down here.”
“I am kind of curious,” Liz said, folding her hands in front of her.
“I thought about all of the things I could give Cassidy as a wedding gift.” Smiling at his wife, he said, “Cars, vacations, none of it seemed appropriate. That stuff doesn’t matter to your daughter, Liz. What’s important to her is the life we’re building together and our new family.”
Cassidy was struggling to hold back the tears and she could tell she wasn’t the only one. Her mother seemed as overwhelmed by Drake’s sweet words as she was. She knew that if they had a daughter, she would want her to one day find a man who loved her this much.
“That new family includes you,” Drake said quietly, smiling affectionately at his mother-in-law. “I hope you know that.”
“It’s so sweet of you to say that,” Liz said, sniffling self-consciously. “Cassidy was a huge part of my recovery and I know being apart for so many months was difficult for you, Drake. I really appreciate the sacrifice you made. Letting her go couldn’t have been easy for you.”
“I’ve never really let her go,” he said, dropping a tender kiss on the corner of Cassidy’s mouth. “I couldn’t even if I wanted to. This woman owns my heart, Liz, and she always will, no matter how far apart we are.”
“We’ll never be that far apart again,” Cassidy said, slipping her hand under his black blazer so she could rub his back. “I can promise you that.”
“You don’t know where your career is going to take you yet, sweetheart,” he said hesitantly. “And I want you to be open to the possibilities. Whatever you decide is right for you, we’ll find a way to make it work.”
Cassidy laid her head on Drake’s shoulder when she couldn’t trust herself to speak. She wasn’t normally this emotional, but the pregnancy hormones were wreaking havoc.
“That’s why I was hoping you’d be open to listening to my proposition, Liz.”
Looking confused, Liz asked, “What kind of proposition?”
“I know things are going great for you right now, and if you feel that relocating may in any way hinder your recovery, I want you to be honest—”
“Relocating?” Liz’s eyes darted back and forth between her daughter and son-in-law. “What are you talking about?”
“I renovated this place because I was hoping you’d be willing to move in.”
Liz gasped, looking around the newly finished space as though she was seeing it with new eyes. She was now used to living in comfort, and while the space Drake was offering was small, it was definitely more luxurious than any home Liz had ever had.
“You can’t be serious,” Liz said, covering her mouth with her trembling hand. “This is for me?”
“If you’re willing to accept it,” Drake said, squeezing Cassidy’s waist when a tear escaped, sliding down her cheek.
Her mother looked so happy, as though Drake made her dreams come true, and Cassidy knew exactly what that felt like, because he’d just fulfilled her last wish, to have her mother nearby so they could continue to work on the relationship they were rebuilding. Seeing the kind of grandmother she was to Hannah, Cassidy couldn’t wait to watch her with their own baby.
“What do you say, Mom?” Cassidy asked, grinning at her. “It looks like the only thing you’d have to pack is your clothes.” Glancing at everything from the printer to the small appliances on the kitchen countertop, Cassidy said, “It looks like Drake’s thought of everything else.” For the first time, she even noticed a small framed photo of Hannah on the desk. Her man really had thought of everything to make her mother feel at home.
“Did you know about this?” Liz asked Cassidy. When her daughter shook her head, Liz asked, “Are you sure this is what you want, hon? I wouldn’t want to impose. I know you’re building a new family with Drake and your baby and I wouldn’t want—”
Stepping forward, Cassidy opened her arms to her mother. “You’re our family too and having you here to watch our baby grow up would mean everything to me.”
Brushing at the tears on Cassidy’s cheeks with a trembling hand, Liz said, “I know I wasn’t the best mother to you girls.” Casting her eyes down, she said, “I was terrible, in fact. But I want to do better with my grandbabies. I want to be the best grandmamma I can be.”
“I know you will,” Cassidy said, hugging her.
“Does that mean you agree?” Drake asked, stepping forward.
Liz reached up to hug him. “Yes, of course.” Hugging him hard, she said, “I’ll never be able to thank you enough for giving me this second chance, Drake.”
“You earned it, Liz.” Kissing her cheek, he pulled back to look her in the eye. “Maybe I should’ve mentioned the baby-sitting duties that come with the digs…”
She laughed, slapping his shoulder. “You know that would be my pleasure.”


Chapter Nineteen
Drake was walking down the stone path toward the main house alone while Cassidy and her mother stayed behind to go through the drawers and cupboards. He didn’t know which one of them was more excited, Cassidy or Liz. Either way, he was happy to be able to give Cassidy a second chance to make up for lost time with her mother.
“Hey,” Lee said, walking down the path toward him. “I was just coming to look for you. It’s time for us to head out.”
“Okay.” Drake shoved his hands into his pockets. There were two things that would have made this day more perfect, having his parents sitting in the front row and having his brother standing by his side as he married the woman he loved. He’d had a few good friends standing at the altar with him, but it wasn’t the same as having his brother up there with him.
“Katie’s just changing Hannah and then we’ll be on our way,” Lee said, awkwardly kicking a pebble off the path as though he was afraid to look Drake in the eye. “Thanks for inviting me. I know that couldn’t have been easy for you.”
“None of this has been easy, man,” Drake said, raking a hand through his hair. “Losing my brother wasn’t easy.”
“You haven’t lost me,” Lee said quietly. “I’m still here.” Opening his hands, he said, “I’m still your brother. I’ll always love you, always have your back, no matter how you feel about me.”
Drake started walking back in the direction he’d come, unsure what to do or say. He walked a few steps before turning back to Lee. “Just tell me why you did it. You had to know she meant everything to me.”
Lee released a shaky breath. “I’ve always wanted to be like you, Drake. You had it all together. Good grades came effortlessly to you. You were always the one everyone saw so much potential in. I was always the screw-up.” He held his hand up when Drake started to say something. “I’m done feeling sorry for myself. Believe me. I’m just trying to make you understand where I was coming from when I did what I did.”
“I’m listening.” For the first time in years, Drake finally felt like he could hear his brother’s words. He’d gotten so used to writing his explanations off as excuses that he’d stopped listening to him years ago.
“Drugs allowed me to escape all that. I didn’t have to think about what happened to Mom and Dad. I didn’t have to think about what a disappointment I was to you and our grandparents or the fact that I didn’t know what the hell I was going to do with my life because I didn’t seem to have any talents or skills.”
“That’s not true,” Drake said. Lee was the one with an incredible ear for music. He started out playing in a garage band. Unfortunately, it was that same group of guys who got him hooked on drugs when he was just a teenager. That was the beginning of the end of life as they knew it. “You had a real future in music, man. You could have done whatever you wanted to do.”
Lee smiled. “I’m hoping it’s not too late for that.” Shrugging, he said, “I guess only time will tell, right?”
“I guess so.”
“Anyway, that night…”
Drake was tempted to tell him he wasn’t ready to talk about that, but he knew he’d already put the inevitable off too long. “What about it?”
“I was as messed up as I’d ever been,” Lee said, raking his hands through his hair. “It’s all still a blur. I wish I could tell you what I was thinking or feeling in that moment, but I can’t. I just know that I wanted to hurt you because you hurt me.”
“I hurt you? How?”
“You gave up on me,” Lee said, quietly. “You said you didn’t want anything more to do with me.”
Drake remembered that conversation too well. He told Lee he was tired of watching him kill himself, and if he didn’t find a way to get his act together, he didn’t want to see or talk to him again.
“I was reeling. I didn’t know what the hell I was going to do without you.” Lee cleared his throat, obviously fighting to hold back the tears. “Ever since Mom and Dad died, you were always the one I could turn to, the one I could count on. I knew our grandparents wouldn’t be around forever, but I thought you would.”
Drake felt a twinge of guilt for taking a hard-line with Lee instead of trying harder to get him the help he’d needed.
“I was sick, Drake. I wasn’t in my right mind. If I was, I never would’ve done that to you. You’ll never know how sorry I am. Every day, I think about the mess I’ve made of things and I wish like hell I could relive the past twenty years, go back to a time before the drugs, when we were still best friends.”
Drake watched Katie walk down the path with his niece in her arms. Hannah was so beautiful, so innocent, that it took his breath away every time he looked at her. The love he felt for her, the protective instincts he had every time he looked at her reminded him of the way he used to feel about her daddy.
“If this isn’t a good time…” Katie said, looking from one brother to the other. “I can come back later.”
Drake didn’t say anything, he just held his arms out for his niece. She was sleeping peacefully and Katie had changed her from the pink frilly dress she’d been wearing earlier into a white one-piece sleeper. She looked like an angel. Kissing the top of her head, Drake silently told her that he loved her, that he’d never let anyone hurt her or screw up her life. He would always be there to protect her, and he knew that meant he had to welcome his brother back into his life.
“I’m not going to lie, I can’t go back to the way things were,” Drake said, looking up at Lee. “But I can’t go on hating you, either.”
Lee sucked in a breath before he said, “It’s a start.”
“You’ve shown me a different side of you this past year, Lee. You’re slowly evolving into the man I always hoped you would.” It wasn’t easy for Drake to acknowledge Lee’s victories, given the mixed feelings he still had, but he knew it was important if they were going to move forward and learn how to co-exist in this new family they were building.
“That means everything to me,” Lee whispered. “All I’ve ever wanted is to make you proud of me.”
“You are making me proud.” Drake had never expected to say those words to his brother again, but they felt right somehow.
“The wedding was beautiful, Drake,” Katie said, smiling. “I know you’ve made my sister very happy.”
Drake knew that his wife was making peace with her little sister. She claimed it was more important now than ever because of Hannah, but that didn’t mean he felt ready to forgive her. “Cassidy means everything to me. There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for her.”
“I know that.” Katie looked at her daughter when she curled into Drake, seeking his body heat. “I was so selfish. I didn’t understand how much my sister sacrificed to try and make my life better. She took care of me when our mother couldn’t.”
“Yeah, and look at how you repaid her.” Drake almost wished he could retract the words when he saw the obvious pain they caused, but giving them a free pass wouldn’t help anyone.
“Every day I ask for forgiveness…” she whispered. “And strength.” With a determined set to her chin, she looked Drake in the eye. “Battling this addiction is the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do, but I’m determined to make it, one day a time.” With a soft smile, she said, “Because my baby deserves the best of me. And my sister believed in me enough to give me a second chance. That’s all I’m asking for Drake, a second chance.”
Looking at the sleeping baby in his arms, he realized he would always give her a second, third, and fourth chance. No mistake could be so grave that he would stop loving her. Perhaps he owed her parents the same consideration.
Before he could respond, he heard high heels clicking on the stone walkway followed by muted voices.
“There’s my gorgeous niece,” Cassidy said, opening her arms for the baby.
Drake gently settled the sleeping baby in her arms, standing back to watch the breathtaking picture they made.
In six short months, Cassidy would be cradling their own baby like that, and as he looked around at the small group admiring the infant, he realized he wanted their child to experience the same love from the family who adored them. It wasn’t fair to deprive his son or daughter of an extended family who only wanted the best for them, and since he’d already vowed to give his child the best life he possibly could, he knew that would include these people. They may not be perfect, but they were his and Cassidy’s family and that meant he loved them in spite of their imperfections, the same way he knew they loved him in spite of his shortcomings.
“She’s so beautiful,” Cassidy whispered, touching her fingertip to the baby’s chubby cheek. “Her skin is so soft.”
Her voice sounded so reverent, and Drake knew she would appreciate every little feature that made their child unique. He couldn’t wait to see her with their baby, to watch her evolve into the incredible mother he knew she would be.
“It’s amazing,” Drake said, his voice husky as he looked around the small group gathered around his wife. “How a tiny little baby like this can be the catalyst for bringing a family back together.”
Lee’s eyes met Drake’s. He quickly extinguished the spark of hope in his eyes, but not before Drake could see it. “Are you saying that’s what Hannah has done… made us into a family again?”
Cassidy looked up at Drake, her eyes shining with emotion as she gave him a slight nod to let him know her feelings on the subject.
Putting an arm around Lee’s shoulder, making physical contact with him for the first time in what felt like years, Drake chuckled. “You know what they say, man. You can’t pick your family.”
“Maybe not,” Lee said, slipping an arm around his wife’s waist. “But I’d say we did alright.”
“Yeah,” Drake said, looking at the women he knew would be the glue that held him and his brother together as they built a new life with their own little families and constructed a newly defined relationship as siblings. “I don’t think it could get much better than this.”
Looking up at her husband with a smile, her eyes glassy, Cassidy mouthed to him, “I love you.”


About the Author
To learn more about this author, visit www.cheryldouglasbooks.com

To comment on this book, or ask the author a question you can email her at:
info@cheryldouglasbooks.com

You can also visit Cheryl on Facebook at www.facebook.com/cheryldouglasbooks
Twitter: CherylDouglasNN

Please consider leaving a review for this book or other books in the series.

Thank You


Other Books by Cheryl Douglas
Now Available

Nashville Nights
Shameless
Fearless
Ruthless
Reckless
Relentless
Heartless
Hopeless
Careless

Nashville Nights Next Generation

High Stakes
Trade Off
Holiday Homecoming
Game On
Burn Out
Fast Track
Time Out
Face Value
Blown Away
Breathless
Imagine



Coming Soon
September 2013

Starting Over

Eve Bolton is at a crossroads in her life. After caring for her beloved aunt during a terminal illness and coming to terms with the fact she may never be able to get pregnant, she retreats to her childhood home, where she’s not just the wife of a business tycoon, she’s someone the townspeople know and love. This gives Eve a sense of identity she thought she lost. When her husband asks her to come home, she decides it’s time for her to start over… alone.
Alex Bolton has been so preoccupied running his family’s business that he lost sight of what’s important. Eve. He knows she’s been going through a difficult time, between trying to get pregnant and losing the woman who raised her, but he never expects her to tell him she’s leaving him. He knows he has a lot to make up for, but he’s willing to do whatever it takes. The question is, will it be too late to save their marriage?


October 2013

Strike Out (Book One in the Texas Titans Series)

When professional baseball player, Zach Foster, agreed to go into business with five of his best friends, he didn’t expect their little sports bar to evolve into a national chain, spanning fifty states, but it did. The business helps to fill the void in Zach’s life during the off-season, but when he closes his eyes at night, he still can’t forget the girl who left that gaping hole in his heart when she left him standing at the altar ten years ago.
Lauren ‘Rennie’ Alexander would do anything to fulfill a sick child’s wish. Not only is it her job, as director of the Sky’s the Limit Foundation, but it’s her passion. So when her assistant brings her a letter scribbled in crayon, complete with an application from the little boy’s loving parents, she is ready to make another dream come true. Until she realizes that sick boy’s dream is her worst nightmare. He wants to meet his hero, baseball player, Zach Foster. The same lying, deceitful jerk who broke Rennie’s heart. It’s seems she has no choice but to take one for the team.


November 2013

Envious (Book Two in the Music City Moguls Series)

Katie Elliott didn’t want to admit she was developing feelings for her husband’s best friend, Brayden, but the more time they spent together the harder it became to deny the truth.
Brayden Anderson loved everything about Katie, from her infectious laugh to her obvious love for her daughter. They started out as friends, but when his best friend, Lee, admits he’s fallen out of love with his wife, Brayden realizes he may be having the opposite problem.
Katie is determined to put Brayden out of her mind and focus on raising her little girl, but when Brayden’s faced with a difficult decision she realizes it’s now or never. Safe or vulnerable… which will she choose?


To sign up for email notification of new releases, visit the ‘New Releases’ page of Cheryl’s website.
