Stronger Than Blood
By Sarah Doughty
Copyright 2020 Sarah Doughty
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All Rights Reserved
Excerpt from Enduring The Flames copyright 2021 by Sarah Doughty

This book contains an excerpt from Enduring The Flames by Sarah Doughty. This excerpt has been set for this edition only and may not reflect the final content of the final edition.

Cover design: Sarah Doughty. Cover image copyright Svyatoslava Vladzimirska/Shutterstock.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

http://www.sarahdoughty.com
Stronger Than Blood
Table Of Contents

Dedication
Epigram
Stronger Than Blood
Marcelline’s Notations
Thank You Message
About The Author
Connect With The Author
Acknowledgements
Preview of Enduring The Flames
For my dearest Saide. You breathed life into your dreams and brought them to light.
“When the blood burns, how prodigal the soul lends the tongue vows.”
– William Shakespeare
“The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life.”
– Richard Bach
“I was born by myself but carry the spirit and blood of my father, mother, and my ancestors. So I am really never alone. My identity is through that line.”
– Ziggy Marley
Prologue



Everything around me was shrouded in darkness, but somehow, I recognized what was happening. It wasn’t the first time and I knew it wouldn’t be my last.
Although I couldn’t see much of anything through that oblivion, I never felt any unease, fear, or discomfort. Instead, a sense of calm washed over me like someone wrapped me in a cool, fuzzy blanket.
In a way, the dream felt like coming home.
Before, whenever I dreamt, the sequence of events seemed new. It wasn’t until after I awoke that the dream itself became familiar. That time, I was aware from the start. I didn’t know what to make of that.
Around me, a chilled, gentle breeze picked up, coming from everywhere and nowhere at once. Soft silk brushed across my bare skin and I shivered, but it wasn’t uncomfortable to me. If anything, it was the opposite. Goosebumps bloomed across my body as if my senses began to stir from a long, deep slumber. I knew that feeling.
It was the anticipation of what was coming.
A dim, orange-yellow flame washed me in illumination. I blinked as my eyes adjusted to the sudden, low light. And that was when I saw it.
The familiar black, ornate lantern stood, emitting that warm glow from its peak like it was a lighthouse at the edge of the sea, guiding lost ships home.
Its base, wide and stout, provided a strong foundation, like an old Corinthian column standing in prominence at the face of its structure. Reaching higher, the rounded middle curved as it tapered, holding the multi-faceted lantern secure at the top.
Within its hand-blown glass panes, a single flame flickered and danced, casting light outward into the night. As if it was capped with a royal crown, it angled to a point in the center. Beyond the glow, a faint mist hung in the air, only adding to the sense of otherworldliness.
As my eyes traveled across the area, I noticed something was off. The glass panes of the lantern went all the way around, yet the light pointed out in one direction. Straight at me. The mist wasn’t thick enough to block the light, so it didn’t make sense.
Something caught my eye off to the left, just outside the reach of that flickering firelight. It was too dark to focus on anything definitive, but there was just enough of an outline to know someone was there. Despite that, knowing I wasn’t alone didn’t change how I felt in those long moments.
I didn’t know how, but I could feel the person there, too. A pair of intense eyes traveled over me like I was being studied. There was no sense of vulnerability or an uncomfortable exposure. If anything, it was the opposite. Safe and exhilarating at the same time. All I wanted was to see who stood there in utter silence.
The wind picked up again, that luxurious silk rustling over me once more, and I breathed in. A hint of sweet mint registered to my nose, but beyond it, there was nothing. As if everything beyond the light — except for the stranger — was a deep nothingness. A darkened oblivion. Other than the slight breeze moving past my ears, there was no sound, either.
Something brushed across my wrist and I glanced down. I froze, eyes widening at my nightgown. Pristine, white silk hung over my body like it was made only to fit me. The hem covered my bare feet as it pooled around me on the concrete. And lacy sleeves covered my arms.
To say that it was an intricate design wouldn’t do its beauty any justice. Swirling vines and flowers, as soft as the flawless silk, traveled down from the edge of my shoulders and flared out at my wrists, ending with the curved tips of delicate petals halfway down my hands.
I never wore anything so exquisite in my life. Despite feeling the faintest sense of unworthiness to wear such a garment, somehow I knew it was a one-of-a-kind. Made for me. It probably cost more than one semester at Tulane.
That was a disturbing thought.
It wasn’t the estimated price tag. It was the fact that I was wearing it. That felt wrong, more than anything else in that dream. A wave of disappointment washed over me, and in the next instant, something moved at the top of my peripheral vision and blocked out a little of that faint illumination.
My eyes snapped up and I gaped. The man stood there, shrouded in darkness. As if the flickering light slid around his form, not daring to touch him. Despite that, I could see his outline.
I recognized his shape. Like I knew him from somewhere. But I couldn’t pinpoint it. Whoever he was, he sent heat through my veins, and it made my mouth water.
In the next instant, a sudden noise disrupted my thoughts and my dream ended.
Chapter 1



I opened my bleary eyes to glare at the offending sound that woke me.
“Wake up,” a little hand tugged at my frayed sleeve with the holes in the seams. “Come on, Marcy! It’s time to get up,” Sylvie giggled when I pulled the sheet over my head and huffed. Watching her through the thin material, my lips twitched as she leaned down and put her hand against her face to tell me a secret.
“I started the coffee for you,” she whispered like she admitted to stealing from the cookie jar — if we had one. Even though she was ten years old, she was still my favorite cousin. It didn’t matter that she was the baby of the family. By a few minutes, anyway.
I grinned and tossed the warm sheet away. Smiling up at her, I said, “You, little bug, are a saint.” As I finished, I blew air out of my mouth and up toward my nose in a feeble attempt to cool my blazing cheeks.
Sylvie straightened, plugging her nose for effect, and said, “Ew, Marcy, your breath smells like death.” She tried to keep a straight face but failed as she started grinning.
By the time she squealed with laughter, my arms already shot out and grabbed her to pull her closer. As I started tickling her, I angled my face toward hers, cried, “Oh it does, huh?” and pushed all of the air in my lungs at her at the same time.
Her thrashing increased in her efforts to escape my tickling as she grunted, “Ew!”
The bunk above me creaked in protest as my teenage cousin grumbled at the offending noise.
“Sorry, Ethan,” I said, letting Sylvie go.
She backed away, still laughing as I stood up and stretched, trying to ignore the tacky feel of sweat on the back of my neck. When I finished, my cousin was watching me and I rolled my eyes. “I get it. I’m going to go get cleaned up.”
With a yawn, I rummaged through the three-drawer dresser I shared with Ethan, grabbing my clothes and my little bathroom bag before I padded past Sylvie’s twin brother Theo, climbing down the ladder of the bunk they shared. Snatching my towel from the hook beside the door, I crossed the hall to the house’s only bathroom.
The building I shared with my family seemed more like a dormitory than a house. To be honest, the dorms at Tulane felt downright spacious in comparison. It was far from easy, but we made it work.
I set my towel and bag on the tank of the toilet and turned on the shower, leaving it mostly cold, just the way I liked. It meant I could shower and no one would have to worry if I was stealing hot water. There was barely enough of it for one person, let alone a house of twelve people.
Once I removed my panties and old, oversized short-sleeve shirt with more holes than should be legal, I moved fast. Holding each piece of clothing under the spray, I scrubbed them with a little soap in my hands before rinsing and wringing them out. Then I tossed them over the shower rod furthest away from the water before stepping in the tub.
I moved right under the spray and turned my face up into it. The cool water hit my flaming cheeks and rolled down my skin. I shivered at the initial shock of the water’s temperature but then sighed as it cooled my body.
That was one of the worst parts of living in a place like New Orleans. It was always too warm for me. Summers were the worst. Stifling. All the time.
Seriously.
If such a thing as the devil existed, he’d feel right at home in a New Orleans August.
The winters, on the other hand, were mild, which made everything slightly more tolerable. With the end of the year days away, the windows in the house were cracked — it was too chilly for the rest of my family for anything more — I still woke up feeling like I slept in a sauna. Every morning. And I hated it.
Once my cheeks cooled, I finished getting ready. Around ten minutes later, I was done. Stuffing everything back in my little bag, I grabbed the rest of my things and crossed back to the tiny bedroom I shared with my three youngest cousins.
I hung the clean, wet clothes from hooks attached to my bunk and put everything else away, shoving the straps of my old bra back on my shoulders in the process. Then I glanced at the mirror mounted on the back of the bedroom door.
My long, black tunic looked more like a linen sack with armholes cut in it than a respectable shirt over my thin frame, but there were no tears that I could see. Standing at just over five-and-a-half feet, my distressed boot-cut jeans fell a bit too short for my taste, but at least it was snug enough around my hips to stay in place.
Not great, but it would do.
With damp straight hair hanging in loose, messy waves down to the base of my shoulder blades, it looked almost black in the limited light. Hints of bluish undertones peeked through. And, under direct light, bits of chestnut hues were visible as well.
My clear, warm, olive complexion didn’t require makeup to look presentable. Long, dark lashes framed brown eyes that could either look black or more like milk chocolate depending on the lighting. Full but soft lips, slightly pinker than my skin, rounded out my features. A small brown mole on my right cheek wasn’t too noticeable, but it wasn’t something I liked.
Needless to say, I felt inadequate.
Good enough.
Frowning, I grabbed my wallet, keys, and two other items I always kept with me off the shelf and stuffed them into my pockets. Then I stepped into my black flats and made my way to the kitchen.
Theo and Sylvie were finishing their bowls of cereal while Aunt Jenny and two of my older cousins, Amber and Kylie each nursed steaming cups of coffee with reddish, sleepy eyes. One glance at the coffee pot told me I would have to wait five minutes before I could enjoy some of my own.
Before my shoulders could fall, Sylvie looked up and grinned, sliding a mug that she’d poured and guarded toward me. “Ugh,” I huffed and flashed her a grateful smile. “You really are a saint, little bug. Thank you.” She nodded in response and watched me take my first sip. The bitter taste exploded on my tongue and my eyes slid closed as I savored it.
Fuck me, I needed this.
Despite how I looked, I didn’t like my coffee without cream and sugar. Since we were out of both more often than not, I learned to embrace it. Whenever I was able to indulge in a cup the way I liked, I treated it like a special occasion.
Because it was.
I opened my eyes and caught Sylvie studying me. Her long braid curved around the back of her head and rested in front of her shoulder in the iconic hairstyle from The Hunger Games.
Though she looked more like the heroine’s little sister, Primrose, with her light brown hair, warm skin, and hazel eyes, I didn’t mind that she saw Katniss as a role model — she was smart, headstrong, and capable. And she didn’t need a guy to rescue her.
Theo looked more like a young Peeta with his fair hair slightly flopping over his forehead. He shared similar features with his twin sister, but I wouldn’t dare say that to his face. The boy embraced his individuality to an unnatural degree. I bit my cheek to stifle a grin.
As I was about to take another sip, Sylvie shook her head.
“What?” I asked before my eyes widened in mock horror. “Do I have a booger on my face?”
She snorted. “No. I don’t know how you can drink that stuff.”
“It’s not very good like this, but when it’s just right, it is smooth and sweet.”
“Like hot chocolate?”
I grinned at her. “Exactly.”
“So why do you look like you’re so happy when you drink it if you don’t like it?”
For a ten-year-old, she was observant. “Well,” I began, “you may not understand this, but it’s more about how the coffee will make me feel.”
She looked at me like I spoke a foreign language.
I set the cup down on the counter between us. “Think of it this way. If I handed you a big cup of hot chocolate — with marshmallows, whipped cream, sprinkles — all the good stuff, and then gave you candy, how do you think you’d feel after a little while?”
She chewed on her lip while she thought about it. “The hot chocolate would feel warm and the rest would probably make me hyper.”
I nodded, “With coffee, it’s pretty similar, but you feel more awake and alert rather than hyper. As you age, sometimes you need an extra boost to get you moving in the morning.” Nodding toward Sylvie’s mother and her two oldest siblings, I dipped my head toward her, lowering my voice. “Sometimes you need a lot.”
Though she did try to stifle her laugh, she wasn’t successful. It was a combination of a snort and a giggle.
Straightening, I picked up the mug and gave her a sly grin. “Bless you,” I muttered as if she sneezed, but we weren’t fooling anyone. The three coffee drinkers behind me were still too tired to worry about what we were saying.
Ten minutes later, Sylvie, Theo, Amber — the only one of the trio that joined us in the land of the living — and I walked out of the house, heading toward the French Quarter. It was still a little early to open the shop, but I needed to stock some shelves first.
Along the way, several blackbirds were perched on rooftops and power lines, cawing as we passed. At the same time, we all tried to ignore the hostile stares from some of the locals. Though it wasn’t uncommon for that to happen here and there, that began to change shortly before Christmas. The frequency of those hungry, hate-filled stares increased with every passing day.
Once we were inside Toil and Trouble — an oxymoronic name for a kitschy Voodoo shop, if there ever was one — Sylvie and Theo ran to the back room and settled at the table to work on their school projects due after the new year.
Amber sat at the counter, trying to pay attention as I rattled off the new inventory so she could mark it in the accounting book. I shook my head when she yawned again. Though she was only two years older than me at twenty-five, her weariness in the low light of the space made her look more middle-aged.
Her appearance wasn’t dissimilar to mine, except she kept her hair in a messy ponytail and her complexion was a little lighter, lacking that olive tone altogether. She was still beautiful, despite having enough bags under her eyes for a three-week vacation.
I walked up to her as she began to doze off and slipped the pencil out of her hand. After I picked up the accounting book, I tucked it under my arm and helped guide her head down to rest on her arm before I moved back to the shelves.
Despite her exhaustion, Amber enjoyed her two jobs. During the day, she managed the register in our little store. And in the evenings, she poured drinks at Rousseau’s Bar a few buildings away in the quarter. But because of the new year celebrations, the bars were staying open a little later.
And she wasn’t getting enough sleep.
No matter how many times I told her to stay home and rest during busy weeks or seasons, she refused. I knew why, and I couldn’t be upset with her for that.
New Orleans was a tourist attraction. From the famous cities of the dead to the otherworldly flair, it was different. The general public didn’t believe in witches and Voodoo with actual power. And that was for the best. We let them see what we wanted them to see. In a place like that, we could play it up a little.
But behind the curtain, our little city was ruled by a powerful Voodoo queen.
While my family practiced Voodoo, it wasn’t the same as the other practitioners. They didn’t like that about us. Despite those murderous stares, we were safe. As long as we could afford to pay for it, we were tolerated within Renata Crane’s city.
Problem was, we couldn’t afford much else.
It was a self-perpetuating cycle. We paid, followed her laws, and most of us were forced to work low-paying jobs of her choosing. We were lucky she allowed us to continue running our shop. It was far from fair, and I wanted out of that city. But that wasn’t my decision to make.
I was only allowed to attend university after high school because I was offered a full ride at Tulane. Since that was within the confines of the city, I wouldn’t have to leave. To go, I agreed that Renata Crane would still control where I worked after I graduated. I went, despite knowing her cruelty. That she would never allow me to make a career out of my education.
She seemed to enjoy that part the most.
But it wasn’t just the way she and her followers treated my family. It was what they did to hold all that power that unsettled me. Voodoo wasn’t technically supernatural, but some elements could boost the otherworldly power a practitioner could access. Blood was one of them.
Vampire blood.
They were kept around — not as consorts or friends, but as prisoners.
And, though I didn’t know why, the queen preferred the older ones. As a testament to that otherworldly boost, she reigned for over a century. To my knowledge, Renata Crane was at least one-hundred-and-fifty years old, without the frail grandmotherly appearance. The first time I saw her, I thought she was in her forties.
I was sick to my stomach just thinking about how much blood she needed to not only boost her power but stay young. It didn’t matter that I never met a vampire — I wasn’t certain if I ever would — I still wanted to rescue them. No matter who or what they were, they didn’t deserve it.
Going against hundreds of her followers, not to mention the queen herself, amped up on vampire blood, would be suicide. Knowing what was happening and that I couldn’t do anything to stop it made me feel complicit.
The thought of being free from that city and its ruler was like a dream. But if any one of us left, the protection for the entire family would be revoked. Since no one else wanted to leave and I would never abandon them to face that danger, daydreams and books were my escape.
With a sigh, I tried to clear my head. Several silent minutes passed and I placed the last doll on the shelf. It looked like a poppet with its human shape. To my knowledge, witches stopped using those things well over a century before and few practitioners used Voodoo dolls, but the tourists loved them.
As soon as I marked the inventory in the book, the sound of my family’s shared cell phone rang through the silence, pulling me out of my reverie and rousing Amber from her brief nap with a jolt.
Before she answered, I felt my stomach drop.
Chapter 2



Amber picked up the cell phone and looked at the screen. She paused, not only did she recognize the number, but it scared her. She was the carefree one of the family. Always happy and smiling. I couldn’t recall a time I ever saw her afraid of anything.
To be honest, it terrified me.
I returned to the counter, set the accounting book and pencil on the scratched surface, and kept my eyes on her.
She tapped on her screen and held it to her ear. I understood why she didn’t use the speaker. Whatever she would hear, it wasn’t something the twins needed to know. “Amber Webster.”
A distinctive man’s voice spoke to my cousin, but I couldn’t make out his words.
He spoke in a slow, even tone and after several long moments, my cousin said, “I understand. Thank you for calling.” Tapping the screen, she set the phone on the counter. Her face was white, but she didn’t tell us to run for our lives.
I waited for her to gather her thoughts, and when she swallowed, I asked, “Okay, what was that?”
Her wide eyes met mine, the dark hazel appearing brown in the low light. “Renata Crane is dead, Marcy.”
My eyebrows shot up. I was wondering why those glares by certain residents were more frequent. “How? When?”
“He didn’t give me a detailed explanation, but she was murdered. A little over a week ago, they found her by Marie Laveau’s crypt.”
In New Orleans, Marie was synonymous with Voodoo. She was the original queen. Her successor denounced vampire blood, but within a few days, she was killed and Renata took the throne before Marie’s vampires were ever released.
Though I wasn’t surprised it took her closest disciples a week to notify us, it was still unnerving.
“How does that affect us?” I asked.
“Our protection is ensured, but once a successor is crowned, we will have to pay a tribute to keep it.” She sighed as her shoulders drooped.
I didn’t need to run the numbers in my head. I knew we couldn’t afford the price they would require. If we couldn’t pay, the next ruler would do one of two things. Force us into exile, or leave us to our fate. Either way, nothing would stop the other practitioners from killing us.
Keeping my voice low, I asked, “Why do they hate us so much? I’ve never been able to figure that out.”
“They don’t like that we use a talisman,” she shrugged.
“So? They use vampire blood.”
She shook her head, “The Tarantula gives us a boost not even blood can give them.”
Nothing about what she was saying made sense to me. “You’re telling me they’re jealous?”
She nodded. “They’ve always wanted more power. Even with blood and outnumbering our family over twenty-five to one, they still see us as a threat. As long as we stay here and pay, they let us live by their rules.” Her voice strengthened at her growing panic. “They’ll kill all—”
I held up my hands and shushed her.
She took a breath. Then in a whisper, she continued, “They’ll kill all of us if we lose that protection. Whether we stay here or run.”
My mind reeled. We couldn’t sell our house in enough time to get the kind of money they’d demand — not that our house would be worth much anyway. “What about this shop? Can we get a loan for it or just sell it?”
A flash of confusion crossed Amber’s face before it cleared. “I thought you knew.”
“Knew what?”
“We don’t own this shop, Marcy. Renata made us run it for her.”
I raised my hands and pressed my index fingers against my temples. Based on the way Renata controlled our lives, I wasn’t exactly surprised, but it was still difficult to process. “This isn’t even our shop. Did we ever own it?”
Even though I knew the answer, I wanted her to confirm it.
She shook her head.
“Wow. This is unbelievable,” I laughed, despite my growing unease, and dropped my hands. “What do we do then? We’ll never be able to afford their tribute.”
“To be honest, Marcy, I don’t know. It seems like they’re looking for an excuse to back us into a corner.”
I took a deep breath and tried to sort out everything she told me. Then, with a grim realization, I nodded. “Then we have no choice but to run. How much time do we have?”
“New Years Day. We pay or the protection order is revoked.”
A rush of panic washed over me.
Two days.
Chapter 3



Our family was prohibited from attending any official Voodoo gatherings, which included Renata Crane’s funeral services and succession ceremony. We didn’t know who would take her place, but it didn’t matter.
When we closed the shop for the day and the four of us walked home, it seemed as though every practitioner we passed looked at us like we were lost lambs in a field of starved wolves. Even the blackbirds perched on the rooftops seemed to gaze at us with hostility.
I reminded myself that it wasn’t any worse than the past few days. Amber and I were finally, painfully aware of why they looked so hungry. The odds of us being attacked were slim at best.
Right?
That thought made me shiver.
By the time we made it home, the family lingered with nervous expressions in the small kitchen. Some looked as terrified as I felt. They knew Renata was dead, but that was all. It took a moment, but I realized the other two coffee drinkers that morning, Kylie and Aunt Jenny weren’t home yet.
While the twins occupied themselves, Amber and I explained the impending tribute. My idea of fleeing the city was met with a resounding refusal from everyone but Ethan and Amber. My teenage cousin was old enough to understand the danger we faced, and he didn’t like what he heard any more than I did.
It didn’t make sense to me. New Orleans was home to all of us, but staying alive mattered more than doing nothing and hoping for a miracle — unless they were hiding some unknown Ace up their sleeves. In which case, that made even less sense. Defeated, I decided to come up with a plan. When the protection was revoked, maybe some of us would escape with our lives.
Directing us to continue as if nothing was happening, my other aunt, Lois glared at me. A couple of my eldest cousins didn’t bother trying to hide their disdain of me either.
Everyone was scared, I understood that much. But why did they look at me like that?
I never felt a true sense of belonging with them because I was orphaned as a baby. They inherited me. Watching Ethan and the twins growing up, I realized I was tolerated, not so much loved. I accepted it.
But was I that much of an unwanted burden?
I never felt as alone as I did at that moment. And it made my heart ache.
The following morning wasn’t much better.
After hours of pacing, I was wearing a hole in the old carpet of our living room when the sun rose.
When Aunt Lois left for her nightly walk after the twins went to bed, she saw me lingering by the front door. I thought for a moment she would slap me, but she sighed in exasperation and walked out without a word.
Though she didn’t hit me, I still felt the sting as if she did.
But what was worse, the hours ticked by and, like Aunt Jenny and Kylie, she never came home.
By the time Sylvie and Theo were awake, I was nursing my fourth cup of coffee.
I didn’t know if I was jittery from terror or if it was the caffeine. I was willing to bet it was a combination of the two.
Sylvie noticed my unease and took my hand, waiting for me to look at her. When I did, she told me to take a shower and that when I came out, I’d feel a little better. She promised me a bowl of cereal when I was finished.
I nodded and went through the motions, even washing the previous day’s clothes, feeling more like a zombie than someone that didn’t sleep due to frazzled nerves.
Dressed in a fresh pair of black cotton panties beneath jeans so faded and worn they were practically falling apart, and a tan shirt with several holes along the bottom hem with the fallen straps of my black bra peeking out, I didn’t bother to check the mirror for my appearance.
Halfway through my bowl of dry cheerios, since Theo took the last of the milk, Ethan shuffled into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee from the fresh pot Sylvie started.
The steaming liquid made his eyes bunch up at the bitter flavor. With a shudder, he forced himself to swallow and I winced, knowing he burned his mouth and throat in the process.
Standing barefoot, his navy sweater hung over his faded jeans with a tear at the elbow. Brown, side-swept hair stuck out in random places, and bags were packed under his deep, hazel eyes.
“Did you sleep?” I asked in a monotone voice.
He shook his head and took another gulp.
I understood how he felt and considered him.
Though he was only sixteen years old, he was already taller than me, around six feet, which would make anyone reconsider attacking him if that was what they planned. And, he knew enough about our family’s uniqueness and the severity of our new circumstances in the city. “Ethan, will you do me a favor today?”
“What do you want,” he breathed through the lingering burn of coffee going down his throat.
“Stay with the twins today and walk them to Rousseau’s Bar to meet Amber at five this afternoon to grab dinner. I’ll meet you there. Can you do that for me?”
He rolled his eyes, “Why can’t you take them with you?”
Anger flared in me for an instant before it cleared. It wasn’t his fault for being a teenager. Even for our family’s standards. “This is important, Ethan. Now, will you shut up and focus?”
He stood there, waiting.
Then I raised my eyebrow at him, speaking each word with care. “I need to go to the library.”
He knew what I meant. The twins knew we practiced Voodoo, but they didn’t know anything about the supernatural world. Going to the library meant researching things in a vault they didn’t need to know about yet.
Lowering the mug from his face, he blinked. “What about the shop?”
I shook my head and took a step closer. “They’re not going to notice if the shop is closed on New Year’s Eve, Ethan.” Then, I lowered my voice. “It’s not going to matter by tomorrow anyway.”
He shivered, but it wasn’t from the sting of the coffee. It was fear. I didn’t want to scare him, but our whole family was in immediate danger. Setting his mug into the sink, he crossed his arms in front of his chest. “What’s the plan, then? We’re just going to line up like we’re cows to slaughter?”
“Shh,” I hissed and put my bowl in the sink before I rested my hand on his forearm. When the twins kept talking, I said, “Not if I can help it. I’m hoping I’ll be able to come up with something today. Maybe, if we’re lucky, we’ll have time to run if that’s what it comes down to. Can you at least trust me for today and do as I ask?”
The muscles in his jaw worked as he processed my words. “Okay,” he held up his finger, “but only because you’re the only one doing something about it.”
I sighed. “I suppose I can accept that.”
As I moved toward the front door, I slipped on my flats and paused, turning back to Ethan, not trying to quiet my voice. “Keep them inside until you leave for Rousseau’s. Keep to the crowds as much as you can, understand?”
He nodded and gave me a lopsided grin. “I got it. I’m gonna be the mean babysitter today.”
The twins stopped talking and started complaining right away. I smiled at him in gratitude and then opened the door. As I walked through the threshold, I called behind me, “Be good. Love you guys.” I hoped the twins didn’t notice that my voice cracked.
I shut the door and moved down the steps, hearing the click of the deadbolt as I hit the empty driveway. Then I walked to the library at the other end of the French Quarter.
Walking the busy streets during the day was the safest way for me to get to my destination. The chances of being attacked in public during the frenzy of partying and celebrating were possible but unlikely.
The mild weather helped keep me focused ahead of me, and not on the growing number of blackbirds that lined the rooftops. It was a little strange to see a few hawks and black vultures scattered between them. I wondered absently if Alfred Hitchcock was visiting for the holidays and bit back a small grin.
Walking through the doors of the library on the little hill about ten minutes later, I smiled at the librarian and stepped to her desk.
“Marcy,” she beamed, always happy to see me.
“Hi, Miss Beasley.”
“What can I do for you today, love?”
“Did you hear what happened to Renata?”
She nodded.
“Do you know what happened exactly?”
She knew what I was asking. My family’s relations with Renata Crane weren’t news to her, yet she still treated me like any other person. I appreciated that more than she knew. She gave me a small smile and nodded toward the back of the open space before leading me down to the vault. “What would you like to know?”
What she told me wasn’t something I expected. But I listened as she explained. The queen targeted someone that was like Miss Beasley from Indiana. A librarian and Guardian of Information. And when Renata set her sights on that Guardian’s friend, the new Earthen witch, she set a trap for them.
Though I was confused at the differentiation of witch — I didn’t know such a thing as an Earthen existed, let alone what kind of magic one might have — but Miss Beasley promised to come back to that.
The more I learned, the more confused I became. But I began to feel a small sliver of hope bloom in my chest. At last, she handed me a few books and three stacks of paper that would fill in the blanks.
She put her hands on my shoulders and said, “Marcy, I hope you know what to do with this information and your family makes it out of this city in one piece.” It was obvious that she was trying to tell me something, but she wasn’t specific and didn’t say more before leaving me to read.
Almost eight hours later, my head spun with new information, but the pieces of the puzzle were falling into place.
Miss Beasley was trying to tell me something.
“Did you find what you were looking for, love?” she asked, giving me a warm, knowing smile as I approached.
“I believe so. Thank you for your assistance.”
She reached out and squeezed my hand. “Take care of yourself.” There was far more weight behind the words.
Nodding, I hoped that wasn’t the last time I’d see her. I knew she felt the same. We both knew the chances of that happening were slim at best.
For the first time since Amber received that fateful phone call, I felt real hope.
As always, everything depended on the rest of my family. With luck, they would agree with my plan.
And soon.
There was just enough time to walk to Rousseau’s Bar to meet my younger cousins and speak to Amber. But before I reached the bottom step, three loud pops sounded off in quick succession within the quarter.
For an instant, I thought they were fireworks.
Then the screaming started.
Chapter 4



Despite every instinct to run in the opposite direction of those awful screams, I resisted. If my younger cousins didn’t yet arrive at Rousseau’s Bar, they would at least be in the French Quarter.
That urgent sense of unease worsened the closer I made it to the source of those sounds. Frantic tourists and residents were fleeing in terror. As I rounded the corner to the main street, I saw the bodies.
A dozen yards ahead of me, they laid there.
Clamping my hand over my mouth when a scream tried to escape my throat, I fought against it, just like my family taught me since I was young. That time, I was grateful for all those years learning to suppress it, because the last thing I needed was to attract attention to myself.
Fighting my instincts to flee, I forced my legs to run toward the bar, closer to those victims. As I approached, I recognized the clothes on those bodies.
That was when I really saw them.
Their familiar dark eyes looked up into the sky, each with an expression that was a combination of horror and pain. I knew those faces as well as my own.
Three of my elder cousins, Ryan, Ophelia, and Bennett were on the ground. They weren’t in the process of dying. They were already gone. Probably before they even impacted the unforgiving concrete beneath them.
Why would someone attack my family out in the open like that?
But what was worse were the wounds. When I left the library, I heard three pops that sounded like firecrackers. It didn’t sound like a shotgun.
And yet, there they were. My cousins.
They didn’t have bullet holes in their heads, ending their lives instantly.
No. It was as if each one took a bullet to their chests and then when it impacted their hearts, those bullets exploded from the inside. There were bits of bone, sinew, and skin on their clothes and the ground around them. And dark, bubbly, almost black blood pooled in those gaping chasms.
I didn’t know how such a thing was possible, but I knew that those wounds wouldn’t have killed them right away. For a few seconds at least, they probably felt every agonizing moment of it before their brains shut off like lightbulbs without electricity.
What a horrible way to go.
I backed away, moving toward the bar once more, chanting to myself.
Only three pops. The others are okay. They have to be.
When I made it to the sidewalk that led to the bar, I froze when I heard my name.
“Marcy!” Jacob, my eldest cousin called from the opposite end of the quarter and began running toward me when he saw me.
He knew his siblings were gone. But it was the look on his face that caught my attention. It wasn’t that he was scared, though he was. It was the outright disdain and rage written on his features as he kept his gaze locked with mine.
Jacob wasn’t an idiot. He knew I didn’t murder his sister and two brothers. But he blamed me for their deaths anyway. And he wanted me to die because of it.
Though we were never close, I didn’t think he hated me. Until that moment.
And that broke my heart.
A man stepped out from the alley, right before my cousin passed. Jacob never took his eyes off me. Because of that, he didn’t realize that man was holding a gun.
Pointed right at him.
The strange man brandishing the gun said something, but I couldn’t process it through the roaring in my ears. Jacob heard him and skidded to a stop.
Holding up his hands in the universal signal for surrender, his mouth moved.
Before he finished his plea for the gunman to spare him, the man’s finger squeezed the trigger on the tiny revolver. A pop of a firecracker registered to my ears and my cousin jerked an instant before his chest exploded.
Time slowed as I watched in horror, powerless to stop it. My ears closed again, and I couldn’t hear anything but my own jagged breathing.
Chunks of skin and muscle coated in far too much blood spewed outward from the tear in Jacob’s tattered shirt, followed by slightly bigger pieces. Of his shattered ribcage.
My ears opened in a whoosh as my cousin’s lifeless body crumpled to the ground.
Before he landed, the man holding the gun grinned, and he was pointing that small revolver at me.
Chapter 5



The unfamiliar shooter continued to grin at me from across the street. It was unsettling, to say the least. Why was he standing there, looking at me like he stumbled upon a precious treasure?
Seconds passed and every detail about him was burned into my memory. Hatred emanated from all six feet of him. From his dark head, tanned skin, eyes so dark they looked black, to the scowl in his thin lips, malice was written in his features.
Given his expression and the fact that he murdered four of my cousins in the middle of the French Quarter within the past several minutes, I expected to see a stereotypical black trench coat over matching clothes and hiking boots. But I saw a blue flannel shirt and unassuming khakis over plain, canvas shoes.
Countless questions passed through my mind in quick succession. But I refused to hold on to any of them. They didn’t matter. Within seconds, I would be dead, too.
Seconds went by and he didn’t pull the trigger.
Confusion mounted and I noticed his other hand held a small amber-colored bottle. My arm moved on reflex as the talisman in my back pocket heated up in warning.
That was odd.
It didn’t react to the threat of the gun, but brandishing a bottle with some kind of liquid jostling around within it did. Whatever that liquid was, I didn’t want to come into contact with it.
Slipping my hand into my back pocket, my fingers wrapped around the body of the talisman. The warm, short hairs on the Tarantula’s body felt soft and comforting.
Even in a moment like that, standing in front of a man that murdered four of my cousins, and probably the three other members of my family that never returned the previous night, I felt a little safer holding it in my hand.
My index finger reached the first small fang protruding from the Tarantula’s mouth and I pressed against it, puncturing the skin. But the bottle was already hurtling toward me through the air.
A rush of power erupted from my Tarantula and the bottle impacted an invisible barrier a few inches away from my body. It fell to the ground, shattering against the concrete from the impact. The liquid splashed against the invisible wall. All the while, I felt a faint thrum of energy coming from it.
Before my mind processed that it was my best opportunity to run, he pulled a dagger from his belt and threw it at me. It broke through the barrier like it was nothing more than paper, cutting through my shirt and skin like it was warm butter and slid into my abdomen all the way to the hilt.
I released the talisman in my back pocket, stumbling backward, and cried out from the sudden, intense pain that flashed across my senses like a wildfire. With it, I felt a hint of power flow through me. Recognizing the same thrum of the potion, my stomach dropped.
Out of my peripheral vision, I saw it. About a yard away from me was the entrance to Rousseau’s Bar. I wasn’t going to stay and find out if he planned to shoot me next. As I moved, I pulled the dagger out with a hiss before I clamped my other hand over the wound, hoping like hell it didn’t hit anything vital.
Once inside, I slammed the door closed behind me, locking it. I spun, looking through the darkened space for my cousins. Ethan’s brown head popped out from behind the bar at the sound of my breathing and whispered, “It’s Marcy.” He stood up, pulling Sylvie and Theo with him.
His gaze lingered behind the bar, and hope flared in my chest that Amber was with them. I took several steps toward them as Sylvie let go of Ethan’s hand and threw her arms around me. Pain from the added pressure her little arms caused forced a hiss from me, but I returned her embrace with my free hand, happy she was still alive.
Ethan’s voice, barely over a whisper, barked, “Amber, get up!”
Though reluctant, Sylvie released me as I moved toward the back of the bar to retrieve their older sister. Amber shook like a leaf, eyes wide as she hugged her knees to her chest.
More pain flashed across my senses as a small stream of blood spilled from between my fingers. “Amber,” I began, “listen to me. It’s not safe here. We have to move now. Before he comes in here after us.”
I held out my free hand to help her up but she hesitated. Anger flashed through me for an instant as I reached down, gripped her wrist, and yanked. The effort forced another hiss from the pain, but we didn’t have time to calm her down enough to run.
Startled by my sudden movement, her gaze locked with mine.
Air rushed out of my lungs in relief.
She was back. Not all the way, but enough to get her moving.
I dropped her wrist and said, “Let’s go.” Turning and pivoting around Ethan, I made my way to the back of the building and the door to the alley.
After a quick glance at my cousins, I pushed it open and sunlight poured around us from the late-afternoon light.
Any second, the shooter would break through the entrance to the bar and pursue us.
Taking a deep breath, I dropped into a run.
If we were lucky, we’d make it.

Chapter 6



Adrenaline kept me alert and allowed me to pace myself with the twins. Every breath I took felt like I was being stabbed by that laced dagger again and I pressed harder against the deep wound in my abdomen.
Leading us North instead of toward home, I tried to sort my thoughts.
Why were we attacked a day before we were supposed to meet with Renata Crane’s successor? Why did he start killing in broad daylight with far too many human eyes in the area? That alone would’ve been a death sentence from the queen. What was he after if he wasn’t trying to kill me?
And what was the purpose of that potion?
Chaos slowed him down. Not by much. And certainly not enough.
A loud crash of wood tore through Rousseau’s Bar, but we were too far away to see if the shooter kicked in the door, or if something else broke it down. In the same instant, I saw the long shadows of vultures circling overhead.
It didn’t take a genius to know we wouldn’t stand a chance if that man caught up to us.
I tried to regulate my breathing. The last thing my cousins needed was me bleeding out in front of them and getting them all killed in the process.
A loud pop echoed against the brick buildings that surrounded us. Amber and Sylvie both cried out in fear, but I didn’t hear any cries of pain, the wet sound of an exploding chest cavity, or anyone falling to the ground.
“Faster,” I cried as I cut a hard left down another alleyway leading behind a row of houses. I needed to buy us a little more time.
Before we made it halfway past the third house, I heard his footfalls round the corner after us.
Another pop rang out as he fired his revolver.
That time, I heard Amber’s breathy cry cut off an instant before her chest exploded and she hit the ground. My heart shattered. She was dead and there was nothing I could do to save her.
“Amber!” Sylvie wailed for her older sister.
My head spun around and her gaze snapped up to meet mine before she could turn to look. “Do not,” I began, speaking through gritted teeth as I tried to keep myself from panicking, “turn around. Do you understand me?”
Tears burned her eyes behind the shock. “Okay,” she whimpered.
“Stay with me,” I said, looking ahead of us once more.
Ethan urged, “Come on,” as he stayed behind his youngest siblings, trying to protect them from the man with the gun, still pursuing us.
Oh, please, do not let them die. Let them live. Let them live.
Massive tears fell from my eyes as I cut right, through a yard that would allow us to slip between the buildings to the next street.
As we passed between two houses, the shooter called out from the alley behind us. “Oh, Marcy,” he drawled in a sing-song voice that would haunt my dreams for the rest of my life.
However long that would be, I didn’t know.
Then, he laughed. And that was when I recognized his voice.
He was the one that called Amber the previous day.
My stomach dropped as I pieced together what happened.
There was no edict of meeting the next successor. He set us up, giving us a false sense of security. Though technically the protection died with Renata Crane, her followers would honor it until her successor took over. That didn’t matter to him. He still planned to hunt us all down.
In the last several minutes, he murdered five of my cousins. I didn’t know for certain if he picked off my two aunts and another cousin, but the fact that they didn’t come home the previous night told me they were probably already dead.
Nothing about his actions told me why he didn’t outright kill me as he did the others.
I wasn’t going to ask him to find out. If any of us were going to survive, we needed to escape New Orleans. And after my day in the library, I knew where we needed to go.
“I’m coming for you, Marcy,” he called after us.
Chapter 7



Sylvie yipped in response to the shooter’s call as the eerie sounds of those vultures circling overhead replaced the sounds of screaming from around the quarter.
Was her spike in fear from his obvious enjoyment, or was it that he was getting closer? It didn’t matter. We were out of time and there was one thing left to try.
If we were lucky, it would give us time to escape.
Even though I kept the little bag in my side pocket at all times — my Voodoo equivalent to pepper spray — I never needed to use it before. I wasn’t certain it would work, either. But it was all that was left.
“Hold hands,” I gasped through the pain as I shoved my hand in my pocket, abandoning the wound in my abdomen. The twins might not have understood what I was doing, but Ethan knew enough.
If I was about to activate gris-gris, Voodoo’s equivalent to a magical spell, they needed to do what I said. Otherwise whatever I planned to do wouldn’t affect them.
“Theo!” Ethan shouted. “Sylvie! Take my hand.”
With the small leather bag secured in my hand, I turned just enough to reach back, grab Theo’s wrist, and check that Ethan and Sylvie were connected to him.
Spinning back around, my hand crushed the small bone inside the bag, releasing a wave of power that washed over the four of us.
I closed my eyes.
Please, let this work.
My eyes snapped back open as we made it to the other side of the street and began running between another pair of houses.
The shooter wasn’t far away, his footfalls told me he was on the street behind us, closing the distance. “What the…,” he paused and slowed down.
I looked back to see him skid to a halt in the middle of the street, eyes searching for us.
Even though we were less than a dozen yards away from him, he couldn’t see us. And he couldn’t hear us running through the freshly cut grass or our labored breathing.
The gris-gris was designed to cloak me in invisibility. Completely. If he kept running and we stopped, he would run right through us and never know we were there. As if we were nothing more than air.
Like ghosts.
I thanked the universe for our good fortune.
“Holy shit, that worked,” Ethan breathed.
I was surprised too, but we didn’t have time to celebrate or to catch our breath. “I don’t know how long it’ll hold,” I hissed through the pain and pressed my hand against the wound once more, keeping the leather bag wedged under my palm with the pressure. If I dropped it, we would pop back into existence and die within minutes. “We have to keep running.”
“Marcy,” Ethan began and took a breath, “where are we going?”
Theo gritted, “Home is the other way, Marcy.”
“I know, Theo, but we can’t go back there,” I told him between gulps of air.
“I don’t understand. Why?” Sylvie cried, breathless.
I hissed from the pain as my lungs began to burn in protest.
Ethan answered her in a rush, “That guy knows who Marcy is. That means he knows where we live. We can’t go back there because that’ll be the first place he looks for us.”
Bless that kid.
I smiled, despite the pain.
And we kept running, cutting through streets and weaving behind buildings in alleys. Working our way North. By the time the gris-gris died away, we were about two miles away from where I activated it.
There were no screams in the dying light of the day. No footfalls of someone in pursuit. No revving of engines to speed toward us.
Sylvie and Theo were barely on their feet, so I slowed down to a fast walk. But we couldn’t stop. We weren’t far enough away yet.
We weren’t safe.
The twins didn’t complain, but they were both hungry, running off adrenaline. It wouldn’t be long before they both crashed. I wasn’t certain I was capable of carrying either of them. And Ethan couldn’t handle both of them.
As we rounded the next street, I led them into the gas station’s small convenience store at the corner. When the door closed behind us, Ethan blocked my view from the cashier, since I was streaked with blood.
My feet screamed in protest from running and whenever I was able to take my flats off again, I would find several broken and bleeding blisters from my efforts. I couldn’t worry about something as trivial as my feet when I was still bleeding from a deep knife wound.
Ethan met my gaze and I asked, “How much money do you have?”
“Five bucks.”
I nodded. Eight dollars wouldn’t go far, but it would keep the twins on their feet a little longer. We moved through the aisles, grabbing several items as we found them. At last, I nodded toward the glass refrigerator door and Theo opened it, grabbing a large bottle of water.
Pulling out my wallet, I handed Ethan my cash and mumbled, “We’ll meet you outside.”
Theo wrapped his arm around me, covering as much of my shirt as possible to slip out the door without the cashier noticing the blood.
And that was when I saw her.
Our encounters in the library’s vault were enough for me to know what she was doing when she was there. She saw me and her eyes widened.
“Oh, my god, are you okay? What happened?”
I sighed in relief and sagged against Theo. He grunted but kept me upright until I straightened again.
“You were in the quarter, weren’t you?” she asked.
I nodded. “There were more of our family with us, but we—” I raised my eyebrow “—were separated. There’s only four of us now.”
Sylvie lifted her head to look at me. “Marcy, are the others coming with us?”
I tried to give her a reassuring smile. “Hopefully they’ll meet us where we’re going, little bug.” My eyes flickered up to the woman in front of us.
That told her enough. The twins didn’t need to know the rest of our family was most likely dead. At least, not yet. She nodded, sympathy written in her features. “What do you need?”
“I would be grateful if you could help us get out of this city. I don’t care how far.”
Though I didn’t know her name, and she didn’t know mine, she didn’t hesitate. “Of course. My car is right over here,” She nodded to the rusted Jeep Wrangler at the end of the small parking lot.
It didn’t matter what kind of supernatural creature, or other she was, or if she was human. She knew enough about what really existed in our world to know the vault at the library existed.
“How far are you wanting to go?” she asked as she walked toward her Jeep, waving for us to follow.
Ethan stepped out of the convenience store and his searching gaze found us. For an instant, concern flashed across his features, but when I gave him a small smile, it cleared and he closed the distance between us. “Thirty-seven cents.”
I nodded. I might not have been a mathematician, but I knew how to calculate tax.
Before I could turn my attention back to the woman willing to help us, Ethan reached out his hand toward her. “I’m Ethan,” he said with a small smile.
“Nell,” she said as she took his hand and shook it.
Well, shit. A knife wound was no excuse for not having manners. “This is Theo,” I nodded toward the boy in question and then to my other side, “and this is Sylvie. I’m Marcelline Webster, but everyone calls me Marcy.” I extended my hand but then hesitated, seeing the dried blood on it. “Oh, sorry.”
Nell’s gaze dropped to Theo, still trying to cover me, but she could see enough blood on me to know it wasn’t a scrape. “How bad is it?”
“Not fatal, or I probably wouldn’t have lasted this long.”
She nodded in understanding. The twins weren’t blind, but they didn’t need to know what happened to me in front of Rousseau’s Bar. “Tell me what direction you’re headed and we’ll start driving. Then we’ll find a neutral Healer to get you fixed up, okay?”
“Thank you,” I said, trying to blink away the sting of tears in my eyes. “We’re headed Northeast.”
Though I didn’t have any reason to distrust the woman offering to help us flee the city, I wasn’t certain I wanted her to know exactly where we were headed. Even if it was eight hundred miles in that direction.
“Not a problem,” she shook her head. “I’m going to pass through Jackson on my way North, so I can take you that far.”
Chapter 8



The drive was uneventful. The pain, blood loss, and lack of adrenaline left me drifting in and out of consciousness, while the twins slept most of the way. Ethan stayed awake and alert.
Construction doubled our travel time on the highway and then Nell drove around the city streets for another two hours, watching the thinning traffic behind us for potential followers. At last, after two in the morning, she pulled up to a small immediate care clinic outside Jackson’s city limits.
By then, I was too weak to walk on my own. Ethan carried most of my weight without protest as I sagged against him.
Nell helped him lower me to an uncomfortable plastic chair in the otherwise empty waiting room, muttering something I didn’t catch before she checked me in and the twins settled several seats away. Without another word, she walked out of the building.
At first, I thought she was leaving and I tried to go after her, but Ethan stopped me. “She’s coming back.” He paused, eyes widening for effect, and said, “Stay.”
Despite my exhaustion, I grinned, leaning against him as he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. My eyes shot open when I heard a small thump.
Fuck me, when did I close my eyes?
Nell rummaged around in a duffel bag. After a few moments, she emerged with a black polo shirt and dark blue jeans. Handing them to Ethan, she met my gaze. “It’s not much, but that will get you out of those clothes so you don’t look so—” she raised her eyebrow “—dead.”
The din of quiet conversation stopped as the twins looked up and giggled. At the same time, Ethan snorted and I smiled, not bothering to fight back the threat of tears.
I didn’t know the woman, but she helped us escape New Orleans, doing everything she could to keep us safe along the way. That alone was enough to give her heroine status. If three miracles were a requisite, then giving me fresh clothes upgraded her to a saint.
She closed her duffel bag and stood, hoisting the strap over her shoulder. “Take care of yourselves, okay?”
I reached out, despite the dried blood on my hands. She took my wrist and squeezed as I did the same for her. “Thank you,” I breathed as the tears fell. I was too weak to do much else, but I hoped she could see everything left unsaid in my eyes.
After she left, I began drifting in and out, sagging against Ethan’s side. His hand moved over my arm, a constant reminder that he was still there.
Bless that kid.
The sound of a heavy door swinging open startled me, fresh adrenaline spiking through my bloodstream. With one look at me, grim resignation fell over the doctor’s features as he realized I needed a neutral’s help.
He held out his hand, indicating that we should stay in our seats. To say that I was confused was an understatement, but I needed help. I couldn’t be picky about how he did that.
A few minutes later, he emerged, pushing a stainless steel cart. A few medical instruments and rubbing alcohol rested beside a few stacks of gauze, tape, and stitching thread. Right there in the lobby, he cut away the bottom of my shirt, cleaning the area just enough to stitch and dress the wound.
There was no examination. No anesthetic. No irrigation to prevent infection. I wasn’t a medical professional, but I knew enough. The bandaid he offered was a temporary solution at best. But at least the sudden flares of pain kept me conscious.
Finished, he stood, nodded at the door, and said, “You’re done. Now get out.”
I blinked. “What?”
Before that night, Miss Beasley was the only neutral I knew. From what I understood, neutrals were supposed to be neutral. There was nothing but contempt and disdain coming from him. It didn’t matter if we weren’t supernatural. He didn’t care.
“Are you witches really that dense?” the doctor spat.
Ethan leaned forward, about to throw a few choice words at him, but I gripped his wrist to stop him. It didn’t matter what the doctor thought we were.
“Fine. We’re leaving.”
“Good.” He turned around and went back the way he came.
 “Let’s go,” I breathed, as Ethan helped me to my feet.
We walked out into the crisp night air.
“Marcy,” Sylvie began after the door closed behind us, “why was that man so mean?”
I sighed, “He knew I needed help. But we couldn’t pay. He didn’t like that.” That wasn’t entirely untrue — I didn’t think his behavior and lack of regard for my privacy had anything to do with how poor we looked.
She didn’t look convinced.
“Don’t worry about it, little bug. We didn’t do anything wrong.”
She nodded and we started walking. Other than the sounds of our footfalls on the concrete, a pair of owls hooted from a small grouping of trees just off the road, like a greeting as we passed.
Just as the sky started lightening, announcing the start of a new day, we saw a gas station where I changed my clothes before we hitched our first ride.
Just after three the following morning, after our third hitched ride, we arrived in Memphis, Tennessee. The dangerously low temperature forced us to take shelter at the nearest motel. The neutral took pity on us and not only gave us two adjoining rooms to sleep, but she brought us meals from the fast-food joint across the street.
I ate the french fries but gave my cheeseburger to the twins. They split it between them and their smiles of satisfaction when they finished was enough for me. While we slept, I dreamt of that darkness again. With the ornate light pole and the silhouetted man that stepped in front of the light.
Twelve blissful hours later, before we went on our way again, I made a phone call while Ethan collected the twins from the adjoining room.
A full two pauses on the receiver later, that lovely voice answered. “New Orleans Public Library.”
I smiled, even though she couldn’t see me. “Hi, Miss Beasley,” I began, the same way I always greeted her when I walked through her doors.
“What can I do for you today, love?” The relief in her voice was unmistakable. But the way she phrased her question told me I needed to be careful with my words.
“I checked out several books, and I still have three with me.” I took a deep breath and she waited. “I’m not certain about the other eight. Could you check on that for me?”
There was a long silence and I hoped she understood I was asking about my family. “Love,” she began and I sat down on the mattress, “I am afraid those were recovered but none were salvageable.”
The air rushed out of my lungs and I winced, the pain in my abdomen was worsening. In less than twenty-four hours, we lost everyone. No one else made it out of New Orleans alive. Deep down, though I already knew they were gone, it didn’t make it hurt any less.
“Thank you,” I began, hoping she knew all I wanted to say, as Ethan led the way through the adjoining door, the twins behind him. “I’ll be in touch,” my voice cracked and then I hung up the phone.
Meeting Ethan’s gaze, I shook my head, once. The muscles in his jaw worked in understanding. It wasn’t the time to tell Sylvie and Theo the news. With luck, they wouldn’t start asking until after we were safe.
As we meandered through Memphis, staying close to the interstate in hopes of finding another ride, we ended up sleeping in an alley near a boiler. The air was cooler than we were used to in New Orleans and the twins were restless, shivering as they huddled together.
We started moving again mid-morning on the fourth of January. It felt like we were walking and traveling for weeks, but we couldn’t stop. Since the twins were in a permanent state of hunger and exhaustion, they didn’t ask questions. About what really happened in the French Quarter. Or when we’d see the rest of our family again.
At last, we found another ride before dawn the following morning with a businessman traveling back from a conference in his SUV. As the hours went by, the man kept trying to talk to me, taking long glances in my direction that I tried to ignore. I was polite until he put his hand on my thigh.
Fuck me, this is not happening.
I was too exhausted and in pain from the stab wound to meet any unwanted physical contact with calm rationality. In a voice much louder than necessary, I said, “Thank you for the ride, but this is where we need to stop.”
Ethan woke up at my words and saw what was happening. Fortunately, the twins were a little slower to wake. Because he leaned forward and growled, “Get your hand off my cousin or I’ll break it for you.”
The businessman snatched his hand away and pulled over.
After leaving us behind, Sylvie yawned and stretched as Theo growled, “How much longer do we have to go, Marcy?”
“We’re almost there,” I nodded toward the rolling hills ahead of us as the sun reached higher in the early-morning sky. “Even if we have to walk the rest of the way, we should be there before dark.” It was the first Monday after the new year, so I hoped our first destination would still be open by then.
“Thank god,” Theo cried. “Another night in this cold and I’m going to freeze my balls off.” Ethan and I laughed, as he started walking with determination.
But he wasn’t far off. The weather in Indiana was much colder than in Louisiana at that time of year. Ever since we passed through Tennessee, my cousins visibly shivered almost nonstop.
To me, the crisp winter air was helping me stay on my feet. It kept my senses sharp and helped me hide the growing pain in my abdomen. Whatever it was, I couldn’t wait much longer to deal with it. I promised myself I could curl up in a ball and cry, followed by sleep for at least a month, once we made it. We were so close.
Following the signs and the steady flow of traffic, we reached Nashville several hours later. The idyllic little town was charming, to say the least. With a sprawling state park right beside it.
The evergreens, curving over the hills like a thick green blanket, seemed to go on for miles. I even saw a few bald eagles gliding through the bitter wind overhead. I vowed to visit that park once I was healed and rested to really take in its beauty.
That was when I noticed the light poles that lined the streets.
Everything about them was the same as my dream. The curves, the details. Right down to the hand-blown glass panes that lined the lanterns at their tops. I wasn’t certain what to make of it, but something within me stirred. An anticipation of something about to happen.
Something important.
And then, I saw the sign sitting in front of a brick building. Nashville Public Library.
I stopped, mid-step, and took it in. Five days of running. Of pain. Fear. And all we had to do was ascend those stairs and enter the building.
“We made it, Marcy,” Sylvie cried and I smiled.
Ethan turned and smiled at me. “We did, didn’t we?”
Reprieve was just ahead.
Chapter 9



As we entered Nashville’s public library, I wasn’t certain what to expect. But the scent of stale cigarette smoke hung in the air like molasses. It coated my lungs and I forced myself to keep my face from bunching up at the offending aroma. My cousins didn’t bother trying.
The woman behind the desk was older, but she looked like the average librarian I expected to see in a small town like that. The cashmere sweater and pearl necklace were a dead giveaway.
She raised her head in greeting but said nothing as we approached. Flickering her gaze from Sylvie to Theo, then to Ethan, before finally settling on me, she seemed a little annoyed. I couldn’t blame my cousins for their reaction to the invasive scent.
“What do you need?” her raspy voice reached us and I knew at that moment that she was the source of that offending odor. After years of continuous intake of nicotine smoke, any voice would sound like hers.
I smiled at her, despite her expression. She could tell we weren’t residents of the pretty little town she served, and it was obvious she didn’t want to deal with us. “I need to speak with the librarian.”
The corners of her mouth twitched in some kind of grim satisfaction I didn’t understand, while she reassessed me. “I am interim librarian,” she wheezed the word with so much distaste it could have been sour candy.
“Okay then. We need some information, if you don’t mind.”
Her head raised a little as her gaze flickered over us once more. “What is it you want to know?”
I cleared my throat, winced from the sudden flash of pain, and asked, “Is there somewhere we can speak privately?”
“No,” she replied without hesitation.
I clenched my jaw but forced myself to remain pleasant. The last thing we needed was an offended Guardian of Information that wouldn’t help us. “We would like information on how to find a long-time resident of this town.” I raised my eyebrow as my voice put more emphasis on my inquiry to let her know I was after something only a Guardian could tell me.
As was the custom for neutrals, they were required to give us whatever we asked for, regardless of personal tastes, so long as they were the right neutral for the request. If she possessed that information within her vault, she was supposed to tell me.
Her eyes flickered down to my feet and then dragged up slowly, reassessing me. I could be a little green alien and it shouldn’t matter. That was how the neutrality worked. Despite that, she still wanted to put a label on me, and by extension, my cousins.
“What is the purpose of your request?” she asked, her lip curling in distaste and I could see the way her mouth wrinkled to accommodate a cigarette over the years.
The pain growing worse due to the warmer temperature in the space, combined with my deep exhaustion, meant I couldn’t hold my temper. But that didn’t mean I would disrespect a neutral because of it.
“It is a private matter,” I gritted.
Her eyebrows lifted slightly and waited, telling me in her wordless response she wasn’t satisfied.
I sighed, “We came here to ask for help and asylum. This other person, we hope, will be able to grant us that request.”
“So you say you need help?” the corner of her mouth curled up in a sly grin.
My stomach dropped, realizing she wasn’t going to help us after all. “Yes, we’ve traveled several days, crossed half the country, and we need help. Will you give me what I ask?”
She shook her head. “No.”
Though Ethan knew the fundamentals of the rules, he was still dumbfounded at her response. The woman was grating on his nerves more than he could tolerate. He stepped forward. “You can’t be serious.” Despite his age, his height combined with the move intimidated her.
Before she could respond, I looked down at Sylvie and Theo, “Hey guys, why don’t you go over there to that middle-grade section and see if there’s anything you might want to read.”
“Okay,” Sylvie said, hooking her hand into her brother’s elbow and they walked over to begin browsing. As they began talking quietly, I turned back to the interim librarian.
“Listen, I’m begging you, lady. We came from a very large family. We are the only ones that survived. We have got to find the vampire named Liam. Please, will you help us?” I hated begging. It always left behind a lingering taste of shame. But that didn’t mean I wouldn’t do it. We were so close. I knew it. And we all needed the rest.
“I don’t give a rat’s ass what you need, you little trollop,” the interim librarian spat at me as she pointed her yellowed index finger at me.
My eyebrows shot up at her insult. It wasn’t so much that it hurt my feelings, though it did. It was more that she showed no signs of empathy. No indication that she would honor the rules.
The muscles in Ethan’s jaw worked at the insult hurled at me, but he stayed where he was and asked, “Would it make a difference if we said we are human?”
She snorted. “Not at all.”
“Please,” I said, raising my hands in the universal signal for surrender. “At least consider the twins. At this point, frostbite is the least of our concerns. We are as good as dead if you turn us away from here.”
The doors opened behind us and the interim librarian’s eyebrows shot up. Whoever it was that entered her space scared her. I turned to see a woman around my age, standing several inches shorter than me, with milk chocolate skin and eyes to match. Her full head of dark curls extended just past the top of her shoulders.
Behind her stood a man that towered over her by at least a foot-and-a-half and my eyebrows shot up, understanding why the old woman felt a little afraid by their sudden appearance.
His dark, and somewhat shaggy, wavy hair combined with a full beard’s worth of stubble darkened his features. Intense hazel eyes looked back at me and his skin was so tanned, he looked exotic.
The pair looked like they were out for a run before they dropped in. Both wearing all black, she wore yoga pants, while the man wore silk pants that granted a full range of motion. Beneath their hoodies were tank tops. Hers flowed over her curves in all the right places and his clung to his body like a glove.
“Ester,” the beautiful woman in front of me said, looking past me. “Why are you breaking the rules?”
Chapter 10



“Get out of my library,” the old woman, Ester gritted from behind me but I didn’t turn away from the two newcomers. Something told me that those two were in charge of the situation. But more than that, whoever they were, they knew she was a Guardian of Information and that we needed help.
The young woman snorted and suppressed a laugh, not pleased to be there either. “Even by normal standards, I’m still a patron of this establishment. And you are still the same vindictive bitch I’ve known since I moved here.”
I stifled a sigh of relief that the twins didn’t stop their perusal of the middle-grade section, to hear the exchange. Ester sucked in a breath as the towering man’s lips curved upward in a grin.
It didn’t matter what kind of problem the Guardian had with the pair standing at the entrance to her domain. They at least seemed willing to listen instead of throwing insults and outright refusals to a direct request.
The pain in my abdomen throbbed in time with my heartbeat and I took a step toward them. The woman’s gaze shifted to mine and the corners of her mouth lifted in a warm smile.
Tears stung my eyes, but I bit them back and said, “If you can help us, please. We are desperate.”
Her warm, delicate hand lifted and took mine as her smile widened by a fraction. “Sweetie, that’s why we came in. Now,” she paused, pulling me with her to stand closer to the twins and out of Ester’s range to hear what she was about to say. Ethan and that large man moved with us. “Tell me what happened.”
“Well,” I began, but she released my hand and made a motion to lower my voice. I did as she asked and dropped to a whisper.
Several minutes later, after she asked a few questions about the events on New Year’s Eve, she nodded. “Lucky for you, I was the librarian here up until a few weeks ago.”
My eyes widened at her admission. She was the Guardian that Renata targeted. “I’m so sorry,” I began, even though the guilt of what happened to her wasn’t mine. “I didn’t know Renata Crane went after you or your friend until after she was already dead.”
She shook her head and smiled. “Don’t worry about that. Besides,” she shrugged, “if she didn’t come after us, some good things might never have happened.” Her gaze shifted to the tall man.
It didn’t escape my notice that he stood between us and the door like he was guarding us. When his eyes met hers, the smile he gave her would have melted anyone’s heart.
Even though I didn’t know what she meant, I could guess. And I hoped she understood that I brought what remained of my family to Nashville to keep them alive. For a better future. A safe one. At least then, something good might come out of so much horror.
I hissed and my hand moved to my abdomen, covering the small line held together by stitches. It wouldn’t stop the pain that radiated all the way around to my back and crawled up my shoulder. The woman’s gaze dropped to my hand. “Are you still hurt?”
“A Healer fixed it—”
“No, he didn’t,” Ethan began, cutting me off. “The guy stitched her and kicked us out. He didn’t use any antiseptic.”
I sighed. He was right.
She nodded, “I understand. We’ll get you fixed up soon. My name is Angela, and this big guy here,” she lifted her hand to rest on the man’s upper arm, “is Salvatore.”
“My name is Marcelline Webster, but everyone calls me Marcy.” I nodded toward my cousin, “This is Ethan. And those two little monsters over there are Theo and Sylvie.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” she said, eyes flickering to Ethan and back. Then she hooked her thumb toward Salvatore. Her lips twitched and she said, “Don’t worry about his size. He’s really more of a puppy.”
Though I wasn’t certain, I thought she inferred that he was a werewolf. My eyebrows lifted and I reassessed him. His eyes met mine, but he didn’t say anything. His nostrils flared an instant before his gaze snapped to Ethan.
“I won’t bite, kid,” his baritone voice spoke for the first time. I looked at Ethan as he dropped his gaze, grappling with the fact that Salvatore was a werewolf.
I didn’t feel threatened or scared. If anything, I felt the opposite. The werewolf would be more than capable of keeping us safe until we could find the vampire named Liam and ask for his help.
“Do you mind if I ask you something?” Angela asked, pulling my attention back to her.
“Not at all.”
“You’re not a normal Voodoo practitioner are you?”
I shook my head and gave her a basic description of my family’s Voodoo and how it differed from the more mainstream version. And then I pointed out that the twins only knew that our family used Voodoo, while Ethan understood more, but didn’t practice yet.
She nodded, her eyes drifting to the side as she processed what I told her. But she didn’t seem bothered. “That’s very interesting.”
And then her gaze snapped back to mine.
“So,” she began, smiling, “how would you like to meet Liam?”
Chapter 11



I couldn’t help it. Tears stung my eyes and my chin trembled at Angela’s words.
Being so close to safety and rest was almost too much to bear. But more than that, it was the circumstances that brought us to Nashville. It weighed like boulders upon my shoulders and I wasn’t able to hide like before.
“Hey,” Angela whispered, reaching for my hand. “It’s okay.” With a quick squeeze, she let me go and turned toward the twins.
As she moved, Salvatore pulled out a cell phone from his pocket, tapping on the screen in the next instant. I took a deep breath, trying to regain my composure before the tears could fall.
Just outside the aisle the twins were perusing, Angela knelt. “Hey kids, come over here for a second,” she said with a smile.
Both Theo and Sylvie stopped and looked up at me. When I gave them a small smile and a nod, they dropped their eyes to Angela and moved toward her.
At the edge of the low bookcases, they stopped.
Angela extended her hand to Sylvie a little slower than normal, but I knew why. She didn’t want to startle them. It also didn’t escape my notice that she chose to address Sylvie first.
I appreciated that more than she knew.
Then, she said, “My name is Angela.”
My cousin reached out and shook her hand. “I’m Sylvie.”
Angela covered the back of her hand as she sucked in a quick breath. “Oh sweetie, your hands are like ice.” She shook her head and went on. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Sylvie.”
Then her gaze shifted to Theo as she dropped Sylvie’s hand, offering it to him next. “I’m Angela,” she said with another smile.
He took her outstretched hand and shook it a little more forceful than was necessary. “I’m Theo,” he said in time with his movements. Angela’s little body rocked from the motion and she chuckled as she repeated the action to cover his hand.
Though she didn’t comment on it, I knew he was cold, too.
I felt terrible that I couldn’t keep them warm. But we didn’t have money for food, let alone jackets. And, though we were desperate, I wouldn’t violate the rules by stealing towels or blankets from the Shelterer at the motel.
When Angela released my cousin’s hand, she said, “It’s good to meet you, Theo. You’ve got a strong handshake.” Her voice was thick with intrigue and he beamed at her.
The werewolf’s phone buzzed and he glanced at the screen before tucking it back into the pocket in his silk pants.
“The big guy behind me,” Angela continued, pointing over her shoulder, “is Salvatore.”
The twins waved at him with big smiles and echoed, “Hi, Salvatore.”
His answering smile was so warm, even I felt a little better at that moment. “Sylvie,” he said her name slowly with a bow. Then his gaze shifted to her twin and he repeated the motion, “Theo.”
Once he straightened, he said, “Unfortunately, we have to walk where we’re going, but it’s not too far away.”
Angela sighed and stood up, mumbling, “Why am I not surprised?” but I knew she wasn’t expecting an answer.
The twins let Salvatore’s words sink in and their smiles fell. It looked like Sylvie was about to cry.
Salvatore frowned and unzipped his hoodie, stepping forward as he pulled it off. As he knelt in front of them, he draped the jacket over their shoulders, helping Sylvie put her arm through the sleeve on her side, before helping Theo do the same on his.
If my limited knowledge was correct, a were-animal’s body heat ran a little higher than normal. The twins snuggled into the warm fabric and I smiled. It was big enough to cover them both and Salvatore held the front of the material together to seal them inside like it was a cocoon.
“Now,” he went on, “if it’s okay with you and Marcy, I can carry you.”
Sylvie’s eyes lit up at the offer. But then she frowned. “But we’re too heavy to carry at the same time.”
“Ah, but I am strong,” he said as he reached up and tucked a few strands of hair that fell out of her disheveled braid behind her ear. “I can do it without breaking a sweat.”
Theo turned to his sister in exasperation, gesturing at Salvatore’s muscular arms. “Look at those guns, Syl.” Ethan and I snorted as Angela’s lips twitched, but he didn’t stop talking. “He could probably carry a car.”
Salvatore coughed to suppress his chuckle, but he wasn’t fooling any of us. “I admit, I haven’t tried that, but you’re probably right.” He paused and then added, “So, what do you say?”
While Sylvie considered the werewolf’s offer, Angela took off her hoodie and held it out to Ethan without hesitation. “It probably won’t fit very well, but it’ll be warm.”
He shook his head, “No, thank you. But Marcy? You take it. I’ll be fine.”
Angela took a step toward him. “You and I both know that she will refuse. Just take the jacket. She’ll feel better knowing you’re warm too.”
A tear slipped out of my eye and I swiped it away, but she still caught it. She understood that Ethan was younger and I would want him to take it without having to ask.
With a sigh, Ethan took the jacket and slipped his arms inside. He shivered at the warmth as it hit the reddened skin on his arms. Then, he zipped it up and pulled his hands inside the sleeves, stretching the fabric as much as it would allow.
Angela flashed him a grin, knowing what he wanted to say. “You’re welcome, kid.” Then she turned toward Salvatore and the twins. “Ready to go?”
Sylvie nodded in consent and Salvatore opened his arms, letting the material of the jacket fall in front of them. They stepped forward and wrapped their covered arms around his shoulders.
Snuggling up against the werewolf’s side, they lifted their knees around his waist as he stood. Sylvie curled against the curve of his neck and she sighed with a small smile spreading across her lips.
Though I couldn’t see through the material of the jacket, I knew her little arm was up in front of her, resting against his chest to catch more of his body heat. Another tear slipped down my cheek, but I didn’t bother to swipe it away.
When the werewolf finally turned around, he grinned at Angela and she turned back to me. She asked again, “Ready to go?”
I wasn’t certain I could answer her with words at that moment. So I nodded.
“Wonderful,” she said and walked past us toward the entrance. “Ester, I can’t say it’s been a pleasure,” she turned away from the interim librarian.
The old woman mumbled behind me. It sounded more like a wheeze than words, but I didn’t hear what she said.
Angela laughed, but it wasn’t from humor. “Oh, really?” She shook her head and opened the door, holding it out for us to pass.
How did she hear what the old woman said? She stood further away from the desk than I did.
Ethan moved through the threshold and stepped out into the late afternoon light. I waited, pivoting out of the way to let Salvatore go before me. But he didn’t turn toward the door right away. He twisted his body toward Ester and right then, I was glad that the twins weren’t looking at his face.
Those intense hazel eyes blazed with yellow for a moment before returning to normal. He smiled at her, but it was a show of teeth. For a werewolf, that was enough of a threat to make me shiver with fear, even though it wasn’t directed at me.
Ester’s expression of terror was written all over her wrinkled features before her head dropped so far, I thought she was looking at her feet.
Not bothering to wait for Ester to say anything else, Salvatore turned and strode out of the building like he was out meandering around town, and not carrying two ten-year-olds in his arms.
I followed after him and we started walking.
As we traversed the roads that curved around the massive park, Angela filled the silence.
The cold breeze against my skin was refreshing as we moved. It made the pain, flashing through my body with every step I took, a little more tolerable. The scrape of what felt like sandpaper against the broken and peeling skin on my feet felt like butterfly kisses in comparison.
I forced myself to take slow, steady breaths and the cool air seemed to ease some of the strain. A lingering scent of decaying leaves and wood burning in various places out of sight registered to my nose. Every once in a while, I caught a faint scent of vanilla coming from Angela.
When we made it around the Southeast edge of the park, a sign came into view, indicating that we were near the entrance to Horsemen’s Campground. A small group of hawks perched on its top let out an eerie call as Salvatore turned his head and spoke, “The core group will meet us in front of the house.”
His voice was so low that I almost missed his words beneath the bird’s cry. And then I realized why as I saw the twins in his arms. Sylvie was asleep, still snuggled against his shoulder while Theo was in a losing battle with it as he dozed.
“Okay,” Angela began. “We need to cover a few things before we get there.”
Ethan and I waited, keeping our attention on her.
“When we get close, you are going to feel a very strong sensation to turn back and go the opposite direction. That’s completely normal. Try to resist it if you can. Next, it’s going to look like we’re walking up to an abandoned house. But I assure you, that’s what you’re supposed to see, not what’s actually there.”
I wasn’t certain I followed, but I nodded anyway.
“There’s a policy in place that newcomers aren’t allowed inside the house for safety reasons.”
That, I understood. While I was far from an expert on Earthen witches, I read enough about them in Miss Beasley's vault to know they were like royalty, but they were all killed centuries before, leaving the supernatural world in chaos. The reappearance of one after so long meant keeping her protected at all times was necessary.
“But, having said that, as long as it’s approved, there’s plenty of nearby places you can stay where you will be safe.” At my sudden look of fear and shock, Angela smiled, “I don’t anticipate that being an issue at all. Relax.”
“Okay,” I wasn’t convinced, but I couldn’t focus on that. I was too busy trying to stay conscious and put one foot in front of the other.
“They’ll want to hear your story and may ask some questions, but you should be able to rest after that.”
I whimpered breathlessly when the pain intensified tenfold, like gasoline-coated nerves grew outward from the wound and someone lit a match, setting my whole body ablaze with agony.
When we passed Orchard Road’s rusted street sign, something washed over me, neither intense nor overpowering. It felt like we made a wrong turn. The twins woke up and struggled in Salvatore’s arms while Ethan didn’t even miss a step. He turned around like he was still following the werewolf.
I caught his wrist before he walked past me and he spun back around. He blinked and met my gaze. “It’s this way,” I told him. Then a little louder, I called up to the twins, “We’re going the right way, guys. Just relax.”
Before I finished, they stilled and relaxed against Salvatore once more. The slight sensation fell away with my next step and I dropped Ethan’s arm as he fell back into step with the werewolf.
That was when the house came into view.
Even though the sun was behind the reach of the trees, it was still light enough to take in all the details around us. The concrete lane was cracked in places and the surrounding plant life looked long dead. But to say that the house looked abandoned was an understatement. It looked like it sat for a few decades and termites had eaten through most of its siding.
The large Victorian home was white, but from all the dirt, grime, and wear it took over the years, it looked more brown. A massive wrap-around porch would’ve allowed for plenty of room for lounging or gathering — if most of the floor wasn’t already collapsed.
If it wasn’t left to decay, it would be magnificent with all the original architectural details.
But then I remembered Angela’s words. It was supposed to look like that, but it wasn’t. At that moment, I understood. It was a glamour of some kind. It wasn’t too dissimilar from the gris-gris that made my cousins and I disappear in New Orleans.
Suddenly, I wanted to see what the house looked like without that otherworldly façade. Almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind, that urge evaporated. The front door opened and a line of people stepped out.
The man that exited first was taller than Salvatore by at least six inches. Expensive suit or not, his hulking frame would have sent Arnold Schwarzenegger’s character in the second Terminator running away in fear if he was the one sent back to kill the kid. His bald head and rounded features made him look deceptively gentle.
Two men filed out after him, engaged in a hushed conversation as they went. One sported long, dark hair to his shoulders and a goatee. His black suit pants, shiny shoes, and smooth, white button-down shirt gave him an air of casual elegance.
The other wore dark jeans, boots, and a navy shirt. His hair, though similar in color, was shorter, a little disheveled and his beard was overtaking a goatee. While he looked casual and laid back, there was a natural grace to him.
Following close behind, a beautiful young woman stepped through the threshold. She wore light-washed jeans over brown hiking boots and a fuzzy, silver sweater, about two sizes too big, flowed over her.
Her pristine, ivory skin practically glowed with a rosy complexion. Combining that with her blue eyes and long, brunette curly hair, falling in messy ringlets around her shoulders, she was breathtaking.
The man holding her hand was handsome, wearing all black. From his boots, jeans, and a long-sleeve shirt with a few buttons open at the top. Despite the appearance, it wasn’t brooding. It felt practical.
His stubbled jaw, deep brown eyes, and straight brown hair curtaining down past his jaw and over his neck suited him. His flawless skin, in a way, reminded me of the pristine beaches of Thailand.
Two other men stepped out behind them wearing suits as well. One brown with a silk vest, complete with a gold pocket watch, and one black with a black tie, matching their respective hair colors.
Except for the man holding the woman’s hand, I thought the rest were vampires, even though I never met any before. Based on the pallor of their skin, the lack of melanin left them unnaturally pale.
Despite the human lore, they were neither dead nor undead. And the sun posed no threat to them. Enhanced senses made them better hunters in the black of night but it didn’t make them less deadly during the day.
That was when I realized the beautiful woman was the Earthen.
They surrounded her with a cocoon of protection.

The last vampire — if the back of his neck was any indication, exited the house and pulled the door closed behind him.
I stopped walking.
His attention was focused away from us as he adjusted his crimson tie before descending the two steps at the end of the porch. He said something to someone in the group ahead of him but it was too low for me to hear.
I couldn’t help myself. I gaped. It pulled my attention blissfully away from the unbearable pain and I took him in.
His beard was trimmed and his hair, professional and controlled, made it difficult to pinpoint exactly how long it was. If it was ever unkempt — which, for him, probably never happened — he would look normal. But to say its color was dirty blond was wrong.
That man and dirty were oxymoronic.
Polar opposites.
Seriously. The universe would implode if they occupied the same space.
It was a perfect combination of blond and light brown, as if sun-bleached in places. Standing a few inches shorter than Salvatore didn’t detract from his air of authority. Neither did his pristine, custom black suit that no doubt cost more than a semester at Tulane.
Every bit of him, from those vivid green eyes, rounded lips, and angled jaw — all the way down to his shiny shoes, suited him. In a word, he was mouthwatering.
I didn’t know how, but I thought he was Liam, the vampire we traveled so far to find.
But that wasn’t all.
My whole life, I dreamt of the darkened street with the silk nightgown. I always sensed someone beyond the reach of that flickering light. After the queen’s death, when the shadowed man stepped in front of it, I still felt him.
That presence was as familiar to me as my own reflection.
But also, I knew his silhouette well enough to know that the man with the crimson tie and the man in my dreams were one and the same.
My heart thumped in my chest as it increased its tempo.
And that was when he finally looked at me.
Chapter 12



A lurch of exhilaration hit my stomach as my mind reeled.
I grappled with the concept that I dreamt of an actual person that stood a dozen yards ahead of me.
And that man happened to be a vampire.
That part didn’t bother me. I felt no sense of danger from any of the people I could see. Especially not from him.
His brilliant green gaze never faltered from mine and I realized he stopped talking. Then, after several more moments, his mouth moved, but I didn’t hear what he said. I was too busy watching his lips move to care.
But before my mind could go down another rabbit hole, something warm touched the bare skin on my forearm and I jumped from the intense, sudden flash of fear, snapping my head to the side to see it was Angela. Her fingers squeezed and then her hand was gone. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I began and paused. Though the vampires could probably still hear me, I didn’t want my cousins to know I was nervous. So I dropped my voice to a low whisper. “We’ve never met any vampires before.”
Her lips twitched but at least she didn’t laugh. She kept her voice low as she spoke. “Well, you did come all this way to see one. But don’t worry, they won’t bite.” Her lips stretched into a knowing grin for an instant before it cleared.
I wasn’t certain what to make of that as I winced again from the pain in my abdomen.
She turned her head and looked toward the group. I did the same, trying to keep from embarrassing myself further, and noticed the Earthen and the man holding her hand looking at me. I couldn’t define their expressions, but something told me they both recognized me. That was strange. I’d never seen either of them before.
I hesitated, not certain what I was supposed to do, but Angela saved me the trouble and spoke. “This is Marcelline Webster, but everyone calls her Marcy,” she began, repeating what I told her in the library. “This young man is Ethan. And those two cuties are Sylvie and Theo. They’ve come a long way to get here.”
The vampire in the crimson tie stepped forward to address us. “Welcome to my home,” he crooned and I shivered as his voice slid over me.
It wasn’t the old-world European accent I couldn’t quite place.
It was the way it sounded.
Deep but not enough to sound gravelly or intimidating. And yet, it was still smooth enough to feel like a caress.
I thought he was uncomfortable about something. No, unease felt more accurate. But I didn’t know what it was, so I waited.
“My name is Liam,” he continued and I shivered once more. “You have come to seek assistance, have you not?”
“Yes, please,” I said and then stopped when his eyes widened for an instant before returning to normal. I blinked, wondering if I saw it at all. Then I continued. “My cousins and I fled New Orleans on New Year's Eve. We’ve been trying to get here ever since.”
The woman with the curly hair looked at me with interest and asked, “Why did you travel so far to find us?”
“Actually, we came looking for Liam.” Confusion washed over her features and I went on. “We lived in New Orleans under Renata Crane’s protection. Without it, we were targets for other practitioners. When we were informed that she died, they told us we’d need to pay a tribute to keep that protection in place.”
Liam’s eyebrow raised, “Tribute?”
I nodded, “My family lived under a strict set of rules. She controlled everything. Where we worked, where we lived, and we barely made enough money to afford to stay in her favor. Her successor needed a,” I paused to find the right word, “bonus to agree to uphold it.”
“Go on,” Liam prompted, but I could sense the anger behind his words.
“Before that could happen, my family was attacked in full view of the public.” I dug my nails into my palms, trying to control my voice. The twins didn’t know everyone else was gone yet, and that wasn’t the time to tell them. “The four of us made it out together.”
In my peripheral vision, Angela’s mouth moved, but I couldn’t hear what she said.
The anger coming from Liam was almost palpable. “How many did you,” he paused, letting me know he understood, “leave behind?”
My chin trembled as I struggled to keep my response even, “Eight.”
The muscles in his jaw worked as the faces of the people behind him took in my response. “Why did you choose to come here?”
“I went to the library to find out what happened to Renata. I was told several people — including you,” I nodded to Liam, “were liberated by the Earthen and Guardian in this town. I … I didn’t know where else to go.” My voice cracked and I clenched my fists tighter, drawing blood with my nails against my palms.
Something flitted across Liam’s features, but I couldn’t define it. The anger coming from him shifted to unease and then something else.
It felt like sympathy.
In my growing nervousness over the whole situation, I blurted, “I’m begging you, Liam. Please give us asylum. Or, if you don’t want us to stay, at least give us a few days to rest and recover before we move on.”
Pain erupted like a volcano and I hissed. It felt like I was stabbed all over again. I looked down as my hand moved to cover the wound. In the same instant, the Tarantula in my back pocket heated up in warning.
That was when I felt that same, odd power from that potion.
It was already too late. I was no longer in control of my body.
My arm fell and I straightened, the expression of pain and sorrow erased. Out of my peripheral vision, Angela took a step toward me. I thought she moved her mouth, but I couldn’t hear anything beyond the roaring in my ears and the panicked screams in my mind.
Without another word, I turned back toward the main road.
And then I walked away, leaving everyone behind.
Chapter 13



As I moved, I was screaming in my head so loud it would have deafened me for days. Panic grew tenfold as my body walked away from the remnants of my family and the people that I hoped would take us in.
Without a clue where I was going, all I could do was watch and wait to see what happened.
I didn’t know if I would snap out of it or if whatever held me in its grip, playing me like a puppet, would release me, but it didn’t matter. Being conscious and aware of every step and every flash of pain did nothing to change what was happening. I didn’t know if I was lost forever, but it felt like bashing my fists into an unforgiving brick wall.
My confusion deepened when I turned off the road and followed the signs to the Horsemen’s Campground and walked into the park. Several large birds flew over me and into the trees, calling out as they went. Even though my feet moved with purpose, I didn’t know where I was walking, let alone why.
As I walked past a little grouping of tents and a small campfire with a pot sitting over the crackling flames, the people sitting around it looked up with concern when they saw me.
I knew how I looked. My hair was a mess and my dark jeans and black polo shirt were dirty from multiple days of wear. Bare arms were exposed to the freezing January breeze, hitting my front as I moved.
But they didn’t stop me. I wasn’t certain if they even said anything as I kept walking past them. That roaring in my ears didn’t change. And even though I felt every rock and pebble underneath my tattered flats, I didn’t hear them crunching beneath me as I moved.
I continued down the small lane that followed alongside a half-frozen creek, past the campground and a small playground on the left, still not knowing where I was headed. My desperation grew and my vision blurred, tears spilling over from the overwhelming emotions washing through me.
Several agonizing and terrifying moments later, a lake came into view.
Even in winter, the place was beautiful. The evergreens swayed with the slight breeze, creaking and groaning as they moved, almost like they were talking to each other. The lake’s surface was clear, and except for the first few feet along the shoreline where the water glistened with a frosty sheen on its surface, it wasn’t frozen over.
It mirrored the setting around it like there was another world that existed just below its gently rippling surface. I kept moving closer to it, and I realized I was following a trail that began at the base of the lake.
After the first curve, there was a small dock that extended out about six feet from the edge of the shore, perfect for fishing. I turned toward it and stepped onto its wooden surface.
The talisman in my back pocket heated up once more as my hand slipped inside and pulled it out. My feet stopped moving just before the dock ended and I stood there, fear and panic increasing as I put the pieces together.
Whatever was happening to me, it was going to end there. And considering I was about to use my Tarantula, I knew it wasn’t good.
More tears slipped down my cheeks as I extended my free hand slightly, palm opening to the gray clouds above. Then, my other hand dragged one of the Tarantula’s fangs down the center of my inner forearm, slicing deep.
In that same instant, something changed. But it was too late to worry about that as my blood splashed onto the dock and the surface of the water.
And then my body fell forward, impacting the lake’s surface so hard it felt like I fell face-first into a stone wall.
The water enveloped me and my body erupted in agonizing pain from its frigid temperature. I kept my grip on the Tarantula, blinked, and jerked, realizing I was, at last, back in control of my body. All the while it felt like I was being stabbed by that dagger. Everywhere.
Thousands upon thousands of stabs all happening in quick succession.
My legs tried to move but they seized up and ignited with pain as they cramped from my continued efforts and I began to sink further into that frigid oblivion.
At that moment, I knew I was going to drown.
I took solace in the fact that my three younger cousins survived New Orleans. And that I made it far enough to find them help. In time, they would be alright without me.
Hopefully, Liam and his group would take them in and care for them since I would be gone.
When I inhaled on reflex, I knew it was over.
And in the next instant, everything disappeared as I died.
Chapter 14
Liam



When I heard that newcomer’s heartbeat change its tempo, increasing enough to sound like a bird’s wings, it pulled my attention away from my friend. But the person standing there was not anyone I ever expected to see.
Her eyes were framed with lashes that were so long and dark, it appeared as though she was wearing eyeliner and mascara, but there were no traces of makeup on her.
The brown of her irises was far from plain. Flecks of copper hovered around the rims of her pupils. A few tendrils of liquid honey extended outward through the milk chocolate hue until they met a ring of brown so dark, it reminded me of tree bark in shadow.
That luminous, smooth hair of hers fell in loose waves past her shoulders and some spilled over to the front, resting against her chest as she attempted to control her breathing. Most of it appeared black with a hint of blue from its intensity. The intermittent strands of chestnut hues flowing throughout them only added to her captivating qualities.
And her skin. It was exquisite. Smooth and clear, with a deeper olive tone to it that suited her features. The small mole on her right cheek did not detract from her beauty either. It made her more authentic. Because without it, I might have questioned if such a being could exist in our reality.
A full mouth rounded out her features and the softness of her delicate, pinkish lips was almost palpable. I could not help but wonder how it might feel to touch them.
And taste them.
That thought snapped me out of my reverie and I whispered something to Angela, knowing she could hear me, even with so much space between us.
The woman jumped like she was shocked with electricity at Angela’s touch. Her head twisted to the side so fast, her hair lifted into the air from the momentum. I caught the sharp scent of fear before it evaporated and then something else took its place.
A delicate sage and orange citrus registered to my nose and I found that I enjoyed that combination of scents so much that I inhaled again, just to catch a little more of it.
Her name was Marcelline. Even though most called her Marcy, I knew I could never use it. Compared to her full name, it was inelegant and stale. It did not suit her. Nor could it come close to encompassing her beauty. I knew that using every syllable of her name would be worth it in the end.
As was my customary greeting, I crooned to them, but I dropped most of the pretense and flair I used when I met new people. “Welcome to my home.”
Marcelline shivered. Her bare arms were exposed to the freezing air, and I did not like that she was not warm. How long did she spend on her journey cold and afraid? She was a stranger. And yet I cared deeply about her wellbeing. I even felt an uncontrollable need to protect her, without knowing the details of her story.
That was wrong of me.
My heart, even after centuries of living after her loss, still belonged to my mate, Lucia. It was disturbing to see Marcelline standing there and to hear my thoughts as I regarded her.
“My name is Liam,” I continued, and she shivered once more. “You have come to seek assistance, have you not?”
“Yes, please,” she said.
Her voice hit me like a train moving at full speed. It caught me off guard. Even though her voice was different from my mate’s, slightly deeper but still feminine and pure, it still struck me in the same way.
That scared me.
Nothing scared me.
When Marcelline told the tale that brought the remnants of her family to us, I was livid. I could not turn them away, despite my sense of betrayal to Lucia. Marcelline and her cousins needed to feel safe again.
The desperation and grief she carried with her were immense and all I wanted to do was keep her from being hurt more than she already experienced in her young life. That was something I did not expect.
They endured so much loss in such a short amount of time. But when Marcelline’s voice cracked from emotion and the scent of more fresh blood traveled to my nose, I fought the urge to comfort her.
Every cell in my body wanted me to wrap her in my arms and let her grieve.
Such a move would not be appreciated by someone she just met. And such a move would be a further act of betrayal. The warring emotions and urges running through me left me feeling uneasy and confused.
However, what I felt for what she endured overpowered everything else.
I knew loss as well.
When she begged for asylum, I almost interrupted her to say she could stay. I could offer them safety and I would. Despite the warring thoughts in my head, I could not bear to have her under another roof. I hoped Aisling, the Earthen I devoted my life to follow and protect, would agree.
Before I could respond to those pleas, a flash of physical pain passed over her features.
But then, there was nothing.
Her expression cleared, leaving behind a blank slate.
After Angela failed to catch her attention, terror coming from her cousin hit my nose like a tidal wave when he spoke to her next.
There was no recognition.
No response.
It was not until she turned around and walked away that I began calling out instructions and my feet began to move. Because I realized the scent of terror came from her, not Ethan.
My father and son maintained a short distance behind me as she walked ahead of us. Her level of fear kept increasing as we moved, but I did not stop her. Something was controlling her and I knew from experience that interfering could trigger dire consequences.
Beginning the trail along Strahl Lake, just inside Brown County State Park, she stopped at the edge of the wooden dock and pulled an object from her back pocket that I could not see.
With her back to me and the wind hitting us from the side, I did not realize she sliced her wrist until I saw the stream of crimson falling down her arm, impacting the worn dock and water beneath her.
There was a rush of some kind of power I did not recognize that pulsed outward right before she fell forward and impacted the surface of the lake. It pulled her under and I rushed forward. My father and son moved behind me, waiting to act if needed.
I knelt at the edge of the dock and saw movement beneath the surface. She was in control of herself. But she could not swim from its frigid temperatures.
Reaching out, my hand connected with her back and I gripped as much of the material of her shirt as I could, catching the elastic of her bra in the process.
When I lifted her out of the water and set her down on the dock beside me, she was not breathing. Her heart was slowing at an alarming rate and I sprang into action.
I pressed against her diaphragm to expel the water she inhaled, careful not to push too hard and crack any ribs in the process. Then I turned her to the side to let her body expel it as she tried to gulp in air.
“Marcelline, stay with me,” I said, and when she stopped struggling for air, I brought one wrist to my mouth, biting into the flesh with my fangs while I lowered her back down. In the next instant, I pressed my wrist against her mouth, forcing the blood to drip inside.
Her eyes fluttered open for a moment, but there was no focus before they slid closed again. To my surprise, she did not resist my wrist as many did while unconscious.
I noticed the object she still held in her grip. It was a tarantula, long dead by the look of it. Yet I knew it was more than just a dead arachnid, from the way she held it.
When Marcelline swallowed, I pulled my wrist away, knowing the worst was coming. Her back arched from the force of the pain that wracked through her body, but she did not scream. It was a guttural cry that faded into a breathless moan.
I glanced at the large gash on her inner forearm, running from the base of her palm almost to her inner elbow, and watched it weave itself back together. Then I lifted her shirt enough to check the source of the pain in her abdomen before losing control.
The stitches were still there, but the wound was closed and I watched the lingering bruise that surrounded it from the slight internal bleeding fade away. As her back released its hold on her, I scooped her up in my arms, giving my son a set of instructions as I moved.
To my surprise, when we crossed the threshold of the barrier that surrounded my house, she did not stir. Even in unconsciousness, that never happened. But that was the least of my worries.
I did not slow down as we burst through the front door of my home and descended the stairs into the living areas beneath. When I stepped into the infirmary, Angela was behind me, ready to help.
We worked together to strip Marcelline out of her clothes, still dripping with freezing lake water, leaving her undergarments on for her privacy. All the while, despite those intense shudders from the cold, she still did not protest, resist our quick movements, or react when Angela removed the stitches in her abdomen.
When Marcelline was wrapped in a warm, fluffy robe, I lowered her to the bed and pulled the blankets up around her, adding more on top for good measure.
Marcelline hissed at the sudden heat of palms against her cheeks. But I knew why. Angela’s body temperature was warmer than normal humans.
I was not aware if she knew that, but I was too grateful to ask.
A few minutes passed in silence before Angela released her and turned, gripping my shoulders next. “She’s going to be fine, Liam,” she assured me before she released me and left, closing the door behind her.
Though my actions gave me away to my friends and family, I could not bring myself to care. I would deal with the guilt later. But not until after Marcelline woke up and felt safe.
Chapter 15
Marcelline



Despite my unconsciousness, I was dimly aware of a few things. I knew I was pulled from the water, but I couldn’t pry myself away from the darkness enough to understand what was happening around me.
I recalled a familiar, soothing scent. Though at the time, I wasn’t certain how I recognized it.
It was mint.
Something so sweet and soothing that I never wanted to smell anything else for as long as I lived.
But then that voice registered to my ears. “Marcelline,” I shivered as it passed over me, “stay with me.”
I’m right here.
A thick, coppery sweetness exploded on my tongue — blood, I realized — and it sent a small jolt through me. The next thing I knew was pain. Despite the agony, as those long moments passed, I was reminded that I wasn’t alone in that overwhelming darkness.
Just like in my dreams.
Because somehow, I knew Liam was there. With me. That was the only thing I could hold onto. That little sliver of hope was enough for me to brave what was happening.
But then, even that began to fade away.
And I was lost to oblivion.

When I opened my eyes again, I was surrounded by darkness. But it wasn’t the same. A cool breeze blew past me and I felt the most luxurious silk brush against my bare skin. And I realized where I was.
The night around me was deep, but I wasn’t alone.
A name passed through my mind and I could taste it against my tongue.
Liam.
Even in so much nothingness, I saw the faintest outline of him standing, motionless in the silent dark. And, like the other times I dreamt of him, the ornate light pole lit up with that single, flickering orange flame. That illumination never reached him, despite the clear, hand-blown glass panes on the lantern’s head.
But then he moved, stepping into the stream of light. His silhouette was clear, but no light reached his face. I was too captivated to worry about that as he stood there. I tried to commit his outline to memory, not wanting to forget anything about him.
With my inability to see it with my eyes, I could tell he was wearing that expensive suit with the blood-red tie. I remembered the way his golden-brown hair looked when the light hit it. As if it was highlighted over time by the sun in places. And I knew his face. How he looked when he studied me.
All while I attempted to do the same for him.
His shoulders rose and fell, breathing far too fast than a vampire should. I couldn’t fathom any reason why a vampire would need to breathe so much. But then I realized, it wasn’t the oxygen in the air around us he needed. It was my scent.
I breathed in, too, deeper than before and I caught that delicious sweetness. Minty and divine. I shivered, realizing that was his scent. And I reveled in it.
My gaze traveled over the outline of his body. Even though the material of his jacket obscured his muscles, I knew they were there and I couldn’t help but wonder what his skin and those muscles beneath looked like without the thickness of that fabric in the way.
How soft would it be? How sculpted was his body? Would it even look the same as the flawless skin on his face and hands? What would it feel like to run my fingers over that skin? Or through his hair?
But more than anything else, I kept thinking about his mouth. Even though I couldn’t see it in the shadow, I remembered how it looked. The curve of it. The thickness that was just enough to make my mouth water. I didn’t think I would ever forget.
I wondered how kissable his lips were. What he would taste like. Or, when I was conscious enough to take it in, how my name would feel as it rolled off his tongue.
Above everything else, I wanted to see him smile.
Because there was something about him, like the air of power he commanded, that also oozed with a deep, lonely sadness. At the time, when I saw him in front of his home I made that observation, but I didn’t consciously acknowledge it.
That sorrow was a permanent presence in his life.
A deep ache that left him broken in places.
But I didn’t want to erase it — something powerful enough to leave that kind of mark would be important, to say the least. Erasing that agony would reduce the source to its base parts. Like stripping away layers of wiring, leaving nothing of substance behind.
If someone tried to reduce the magnitude of losing eight members of my family in one day, it would be a dishonor to their entire existence. I would never want to stop missing them. Remembering them.
I didn’t want to erase his pain, but no one deserved to bear unimaginable grief alone.
Low voices registered to my ears and it pulled me out of my reverie. Speaking far off in the distance, I didn’t understand what was said.
I kept listening, waiting. And then I heard it.
Liam’s voice traveled softly across the expanse and rippled over the silk nightgown, brushing against my bare skin. I tried, as much as I could, to commit that sound to my memory.
Just like everything else about him, it was something I never wanted to forget.
I wanted nothing more than to move closer and feel his arms wrap around me.
But before my mind could direct my body to take a step, everything fell away.
And I was lost to a warm, welcoming nothingness.
Chapter 16



I wasn’t aware of the time that passed. For an unquantifiable amount of it, there was nothing. It was warm, inviting, and for the first time in what felt like forever, I felt safe.
Safety wasn’t something I thought about often until a few days before. But ever since it was ripped away, the need to keep my younger cousins safe weighed heavy on me. All I wanted was to find it again. For them, at least.
They were innocent in every way and they didn’t deserve any of what happened in New Orleans. I hoped, in those long moments I drifted in nothingness, that they felt secure.
Liam stayed with me. Followed me, waiting to see what would happen. And somehow, I knew. He saved my life. Because of that, I hoped the same could be said for them. I couldn’t bear the thought of them enduring another frigid night in the cold, jumping at any sound they couldn’t place.
The vampire didn’t strike me as the kind of person that would turn away anyone in need — especially not children. And if that wasn’t enough, the concept of an Earthen witch was proof enough of that.
From everything I learned in the library that fateful day, Earthens were unique. Not just powerful, but inherently good. Ever since Angela and Salvatore walked into our lives, we weren’t met with accusatory eyes. There were no insults thrown.
I held on to that like our survival depended on it. And, in a way, it did. Without it, my failures to care for my cousins would lead me to fall into a pit of despair that would swallow me whole.
That hope soothed my troubled and weary soul while I slept.
But then, a light turned on. It was warm. Too dim to be the sun, but it was comforting, nonetheless. It looked as if an impenetrable fog allowed nothing but the light to filter through it.
Somewhere, in the distance, I saw a faint shadow. It wasn’t defined well enough to discern what it was, but it was there. I thought I heard a female voice for a few moments before silence took over once more.
And that was when I heard him.
Liam.
His voice was so faint I couldn’t make out the words, but as soon as it traveled through my ears and down my spine, I knew. Whatever was happening, he still wasn’t far away.
I inhaled, and the sweet scent of mint combined with a strange earthy scent that reminded me of mud hit my nose. My body relaxed further into the warmth that surrounded me and I sighed.
The shadow ahead of me moved, but I still couldn’t define what it was through the fog. It was large, but not menacing or foreboding. It was just there.
Like someone flipped a switch, I was somewhere else.
The light was cold. Like the sun wasn’t allowed to shine and it left behind a bluish tint that felt wrong. It was far too bright and my eyes burned against it. For several long moments, there was nothing that I could see around me aside from that burning light.
And then the man stood, about a yard in front of me. He was perfectly still and I would recognize him anywhere.
But it wasn’t Liam.

It was the same man that killed my family and pursued my cousins and me through the city until we were able to evade him.
With the same dark eyes that glimmered with malice.
Panic washed over me and I tried to run, but while my brain was telling my body to move, it wasn’t receiving those messages.
A cruel smile stretched across his lips and he said, “I’m coming for you, Marcy.”
It was a show of teeth. Predatory and menacing. And even though I heard his words, it felt like the call of an animal ready to swoop in for its prey.
Something flashed against the light and as my eyes flickered to the source, unforgiving ice slid down my spine.
In his grip was that revolver.
That panic coursing through my system intensified tenfold when the sound of Sylvie’s laugh hit my ears and my stomach dropped.
My cousins were close.
They were going to die if I couldn’t protect them.
That smile faded from the shooter’s mouth, leaving behind a look of hatred so intense, it felt like I was struck with it. A small, throaty bird call sounded in the air around us, but I could neither place it nor define it.
I whimpered and watched him lift his arm, point the gun at me, and fire.
The sound of a firecracker echoed through the area surrounding us and in the same instant, I felt the bullet slice through me like I was nothing more than butter, right before my heart exploded from my chest.
Chapter 17



The agony I felt at that moment as the light turned off, leaving me in utter oblivion, was far beyond anything I thought possible. Being alive while feeling my heart explode outward from my chest was, without a doubt, the most painful thing I ever experienced in my life.
In a matter of moments, I would be dead. It was just taking my brain a few moments to catch up and realize that my heart was obliterated.
But I finally remembered how to move my body. I gulped in air and scrambled, hoping to use my last few moments to save my cousins.
As soon as my lungs filled, a scream erupted from my throat like a battle cry.
Even as the ground fell out from beneath me, I kept screaming. Despite everything, I felt the shooter move toward me. And I knew I wouldn’t be able to fight him off.
When the ground jumped up to meet me, I sprawled as lights exploded behind my eyes at the sudden impact, but I still couldn’t see around me. My scream cut off and I gulped more air into my lungs, feeling the pressure increase in my head from the lack of oxygen moving through my body.
More panic rose in my throat and another scream tore out of me. If nothing else, maybe my cousins could hear me and run away. Anything to keep them safe.
My whole body was burning from the inside out.
Kicking out with my feet, I put all the force I could muster into my legs and I lashed out with my fists.
But he was much too fast.
He deflected every blow as if I was moving in slow motion.
And then his cool hands found my wrists and held my arms in his iron grip, refusing to let me go.
Cool hands?
“Marcelline,” the voice shouted and the sound of my name went down my spine in a shiver that forced my scream to cut off.
The blackness in my vision began to clear, like a dense obsidian fog covered my eyes and that beautiful sound was the catalyst that made it evaporate.
Liam was there.
Inches from my face.
I’m safe. I’m safe.
Pulling in a panicked breath, I reveled in that delicious mint as it filled my nose.
I didn’t know where I was, but I could tell by the overhead lights above us that we were indoors. Something to my left was covered in white fabric, but I couldn’t piece together what it was.
Everything was uncomfortably warm, but his hands on my overheated wrists made it a little more bearable. Those piercing, emerald green eyes of his locked with mine as my vision cleared. But I didn’t try to pull my wrists from his grip.
Having them there kept me grounded as I tried to calm myself.
I looked down, to see him kneeling in front of me. I was wrapped in a fuzzy white robe that felt like the soft teddy bear I clutched in my little arms as a child while my Aunt Jenny rocked me after a nightmare.
There was no gaping hole in my chest. No pieces of skin, bone, and muscle all over me. There was no blood at all.
It was a nightmare.
Nothing more.
My eyes snapped back up to his and I realized his mouth was moving, but I didn’t hear what he said through the roaring in my ears as my heart hammered in my chest.
I inhaled again, and that sweet minty aroma filled my nose.
“Marcelline,” he said, low.
My eyes slid closed as I felt the sound of my name rush down my spine, leaving behind a tingling sensation. I marveled in it.
But then he moved. His hands let go of my wrists and flashed to my face. The shock of cold that hit my bare, flaming skin forced my eyes back open and I inhaled in a sharp gasp.
He didn’t like how I reacted to his hands on my face, but he didn’t move them away. That blissful coolness soothed the searing burn in my cheeks and my eyes fell.
“No, Marcelline,” he began and I shivered, forcing my eyes back open once more. “Stay with me.”
I’m right here.
I wanted to tell him I was okay. That he didn’t need to keep his hands on my face. But I couldn’t bring myself to do it. It wasn’t because his hands were cool and soothing to me. Or that he was touching me, skin to skin, his mouth inches from mine. It was because they kept me with him. Just like he wanted.
Then I froze.
Oh, shit.
I lashed out when I woke up, and I tried to hit him.
A vampire.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so so sorry,” I babbled.
Even though he didn’t seem angry, I knew that it was wrong of me. It was Liam, and I felt safe with him. But I didn’t want to test his control or incite him to bite me. I knew he would regret it afterward and he shouldn’t suffer for my mistake.
He ignored my apologies and repeated, “Stay with me.” Then he took a deliberate breath, shoulders rising as he inhaled. He blinked, and it lasted a little longer than necessary. I wasn’t certain what to make of that. And then he exhaled, shoulders falling as his cool breath ran down the heated skin of my throat.
I realized, then, what he was doing. He wanted me to control my breathing and calm down. Inhaling with him, it took effort to keep my eyes open when that scent of mint filled me all the way down to my toes.
That was why he took that long blink. He caught my scent and whatever he smelled, he liked it. He kept his hold on my face and we breathed together several more times.
All the while, I studied his features. From the prettiest green I ever saw in his eyes, down to his mouth before dragging my eyes back up once more.
It made my mouth water.
Then his hands moved.
I wasn’t certain if it was in response to what I was doing, but either way, I didn’t mind it. At all.
Those cool hands slid back and his fingers laced through my hair at the back of my head until they came to a stop. With his thumbs in front of my ears, he moved them in a soothing motion. Back and forth.
More tingles spread across my body and I felt goosebumps bloom across my flesh.
I liked his hands on me more than I thought possible. And the feel of his fingers moving through my hair then resting there as his palms covered the sides of my neck was intoxicating, to say the least.
A surge of desire washed over me so fast, it took my breath away. It was the most powerful thing I ever felt before. All I wanted at that moment was to kiss him.
It felt like I’d die without it.
I forced it down as fast as I could, hoping he wouldn’t smell it.
Though I wasn’t an expert on vampires. I knew the basics of their instincts. Violence and desire were the primary triggers for them to lose control and I didn’t want him to have to fight that, too.
But I knew I failed when he inhaled.
It wasn’t controlled like before. It was quick, like a soundless gasp. And that wasn’t all. His green eyes gave him away. The instant he took that breath, they dilated by a fraction and flashed against the overhead light.
Like a cat’s eyes.
Though that flicker was one of the ways to see a vampire for what they were, it was the dilation that hit me like a ton of bricks.
He smelled my desire and felt some of his own, too.
That was a sign that I was pushing the limits of his control and I didn’t know what to do to calm him. But before I could think about that any further, something caught my eye on the side of his face.
When I focused on it, terror washed over me.
Trailing from his ear was a line of blood.
Chapter 18



Without thinking about what I was doing, my hands moved to his cheeks and I turned his head to the side. Though he could have resisted my efforts, he didn’t.
He kept his hands where they were, with his thumbs still moving in that slow, soothing motion.
I turned his face the other way and as I feared, that, too, had a line of blood.
What the hell?
Somehow, I knew that I was the cause.
My mind reeled. How was that possible? Did I hit him before he caught my wrists and not realize it? That didn’t make any sense. The blood came out of his ear. There was no way I managed to cut him with a nail on the inside of both of his ears even if I did manage to make contact with him in my wild struggling.
“Do not worry about it, ma chère,” he said, low.
 I might not have been fluent in French, but I knew enough to know what that meant.
My dear.
I liked that almost as much as my name when he spoke. Though I didn’t move my hands away from his skin, he turned back to face me. It was a gentle movement, giving me the option of stopping him if I wanted.
But I didn’t.
I looked into his eyes and breathed in.
“I don’t,” I began and stopped. “I did this. But,” I paused again, “I don’t know how. I’m so sorry.”
“Do not fret, Marcelline. I am fine.”
I made his ears bleed.
In desperation, I brought the remnants of my family to seek asylum with Liam. And after he saved me, I hurt him.
Back in New Orleans, that man didn’t shoot me with his little revolver. If my oldest cousin was any indication, he murdered eight people without pretense. He taunted us while we ran. But he never called out any other name but mine. Whatever he wanted from me, I didn’t know, but most of my family died because of it.
Because of me.
It was my fault.
I lost focus and my hands fell from Liam’s face as I relived those horrifying moments on New Year's Eve. My breath hitched in my throat as massive tears spilled from my eyes down my cheeks.
In nothing more than a whisper, I said, “They’re all dead,” before I crumpled.
But Liam already moved and pulled me into his arms. I didn’t realize what I was doing until my hands gripped the soft material of his jacket in front of me. I felt the rise and fall of his chest as my hands rested there, holding on to him like my survival depended on it.
And in that moment, it did.
There was no sign of hesitation or hint that he was trying to maintain control. He surrounded me with his strength and held me together as I fell apart. Somewhere in the back of my mind, behind all the weight of what happened that was crushing me, I knew what he was doing.
Comforting me.
Because that was what I needed, even though I’d long forgotten how it felt to be held like that by anyone.
I felt his cool breath against the curve of my neck and shivered. But he never loosened his grip or moved his head. He let me sob into his chest without any indication it bothered him.
While my experience with men wasn’t extensive, I wasn’t clueless, either. Most men were uncomfortable with emotion. Many wouldn’t bother to offer comfort. For the few that did, it was commonly obvious they would rather be anywhere else.
With Liam, all I felt beneath the unease was genuine concern.
So I let myself cry. I kept my grip on his jacket. And I took the comfort he offered me.
All the while, even though we just met, I knew I was safe. It wasn’t the recurring dreams. It wasn’t the familiarity I felt about him, either.
It was his actions up to that point. He cared enough to be there for me. However I needed him.
If I was being honest with myself, I knew there was something about him I couldn’t ever shake.
Chapter 19



Time was a foreign concept to me while I grieved and felt the guilt of what happened. I didn’t know how long Liam held me against him, but eventually, I did settle.
Though my cries stopped, I wasn’t ready to face the world just yet. He seemed to realize that, too and showed no signs of wanting to pull away. I didn’t realize how much I needed that lingering comfort he offered me.
Eventually, my sense of propriety took over. I steeled myself and breathed, “Thank you.” With a little squeeze on the soft material of his jacket, I slowly pulled back.
He released me, but his arms rested on my shoulders while I used the soft material of my robe’s sleeves to wipe the lingering tears from my face.
All the while, he kept his gaze on me, waiting for me to look at him again.
Though I was reluctant, when I finished, my eyes lifted to his, and he breathed, “Ma chère,” and then he spoke, low, “you have endured so much, have you not?”
I nodded, “I suppose so.”
“And you would comfort someone if they were hurting, would you not?”
I was confused but answered him anyway. “Yes, of course. But we just met and it’s been a very long time since I’ve been comforted.”
Concern flashed across his features before it cleared. “How long?”
“I think I was maybe six years old. My aunt held me after I had a nightmare.”
“Your parents were not there?”
I shook my head. “They died when I was a baby. My aunts, uncle — before he died — and my older cousins helped raise me.” I shrugged, “But they weren’t affectionate with me.”
His anger hit me like a tidal wave, but before he could say anything, I blurted, “I know that’s not the way to raise a child, but from the way my family was forced to live, I consider myself lucky that they still tried.”
As I finished, I thought I caught a flash of surprise in his features before it cleared, but I wasn’t certain.
Then, as the anger I felt from him fell away, it was replaced by unease once more. At last, he spoke again. “No one deserves to be left to their misery if they do not want it. I could not forgive myself if I stood by to let you suffer alone.”
My breath caught in my throat at his words. It took him a little time to make his point, but I never thought he’d say something like that. Somehow, it seemed as though he didn’t either.
“Well, still. Thank you.”
“But of course.”
Those words struck me as odd, but at the same time, they suited him. There was also a hint of familiarity there that I couldn’t place.
I looked around. Though there were no windows, it appeared to be a small hospital room. I realized the jumble of white fabric to my left was the bed I fell from when I woke from the nightmare. The fluorescent lights in the ceiling were only partially lit, easing the brightness in the space as I slept.
Did he stay with me while I was unconscious and sleeping?
To cover my unease at the thought, I asked, “Um, Liam, where are we?”
His fingers on my upper arms moved a fraction, but he didn’t pull away. “You can stand, can you not?”
I nodded and he grasped my hands and moved in one, lithe motion to his feet, bringing me with him. The sudden shift in my equilibrium left me a little dizzy, but he didn’t let me go until I was steady on my bare feet.
“This is the infirmary in my home. I brought you here after I pulled you from Strahl Lake.”
“I’m sorry about that. I was still me in my head, but my body wasn’t under my control.”
He nodded, the gesture telling me he deduced that already.
“It’s never happened to me before.”
Before I could hurl another apology at him, he spoke, “Marcelline, I am not upset with you. I followed you because I could smell your fear. I did not want to risk any harm to you if I stopped you, but—”
“I tried to kill myself anyway?”
The muscles in his jaw worked. He wasn’t upset that I interrupted him, but I couldn’t place the sudden combination of fear and guilt I felt from him that followed right after.
Sweat was beading on the back of my neck and the robe was so warm against my skin it was stifling. Since I wasn’t fully dressed underneath, I couldn’t open it to fan myself. My hands moved to the collar of the robe and I pushed at it. When that offered no relief, I blew air up toward my nose to try to cool my face. “I’m glad you were there.”
The corner of his mouth lifted in a small smile, but then it shifted to concern. Then he started talking once more. “You are uncomfortable. Come, I will take you to your suite.”
He extended his elbow, but I hesitated, remembering Angela’s words as we walked from the library to his home. “Aren’t we supposed to stay somewhere else?”
“You need to rest and recover, do you not?”
“Yes, but—”
He cut me off with a wave of his hand. “You asked for asylum and I have granted it. You will stay here. It is safest under this roof.”
“I can’t stay here if my cousins aren’t here too, Liam.”
He took a small step forward and rested his palms on my cheeks again. The contact and sudden temperature caused me to shiver and he moved them to my shoulders, over the material of the robe.
I almost whimpered at the loss of his touch, but I forced myself to stay quiet.
“They will share the suite with you, Marcelline. I will not separate you from them. You have my word.” The unease I sensed from him increased in intensity and it only added to my confusion. I didn’t think a man like Liam — even a powerful vampire — would offer such a vow lightly.
“I appreciate the offer, but I think it would be best if we stay somewhere else.”
The flash of hurt that crossed his features made me pause and I blurted, “You have no reason to trust us. I know how important it is to keep the Earthen safe. I don’t want anyone to be uncomfortable with us.”
I couldn’t be certain, but I thought I sensed a flash of surprise and admiration from him. “Ma chère, you and your cousins deserve safety as well, do you not?”
Shaking my head, I replied, “Not compared to the Earthen.”
He blinked and his eyes widened at my response. “I appreciate your concern for Aisling, but I have already spoken with her. She has agreed that you and your cousins will stay here where you will be safe and looked after.”
I hesitated.
“If for no other reason,” he continued, “please consider staying for your cousins’ sake.”
There was something about the look in his eyes that told me he needed me to stay. But his words were enough. If Aisling was willing to accept us under the same roof, I couldn’t deny that to my cousins.
All I wanted was to throw caution to the wind and fling my arms around him to thank him for helping my family, but I stayed where I was. Instead, I smiled up at him. “Yes, okay. We’ll stay. Thank you, Liam.”
His answering smile took my breath away. The way it lit up his features only added to his beauty. At that moment, the word handsome was far from accurate. Much too far. Like equating a struck match to a blazing inferno.
It seemed like it was a rarity for him to feel enough joy to be so unguarded. That only made my heart ache for him. A man like Liam didn’t deserve to carry so much sadness. Especially not alone.
“Very well,” he said, as the smile faded from his lips. He extended his elbow to me once more and added, “Allow me to escort you to your suite.”
I smiled up at him again and hooked my hand under his arm, letting him lead me out of the infirmary.
Chapter 20



As we walked, Liam spoke, filling the silence. He told me Ethan and the twins were in the game room playing with Angela and Salvatore’s son, Peter, along with the teenage daughter of a human resident by the name of Jessica. Then he assured me that food would be provided for them before retiring for the night, which would give me time to bathe and rest.
As I listened, I couldn’t help but notice the opulence of his home. The rich, mahogany wood floors were shining against the soft light of the flawless, Tiffany crystal sconces that hung from the walls between each door. Along the edges of the floors was a delicate gold design that reminded me of Ancient Greek and Roman geometric borders.
The only thing I could see that was a little out of place were the paintings that adorned the walls beneath the sconces. They weren’t made by any artist I knew. But each one depicted a different version of Dracula from film and television.
I knew the history of the man, Vladislav Basarab, Voivode of Wallachia, as well as the literary version, but I didn’t know if there was any truth behind the fiction.
The beautiful woman with the long curly hair, that I guessed was the Earthen, Aisling, Angela, and an unfamiliar redhead that was equally as beautiful, in her own way, emerged from the door at the end of the hall and walked past us as they chatted. As they went, Angela flashed me a smile in greeting.
Liam slowed his pace and nodded toward the same mahogany hand-carved door. “That is the suite Aisling shares with her husband, Connor.” He turned to the last door to our left, indicating with the same nod, also hand-carved, but in a different design, “And this one is yours to share with your cousins.”
Releasing my arm, he handed me a key before he opened the door and stepped through the threshold. There was a faint click and the darkened room sprang to light.
My mouth fell open as Liam pivoted to stand beside the door.
It was breathtaking.
Those flawless, glimmering floors continued uninterrupted into the suite until it reached a bed about a dozen feet inside the room. But that bed was bigger than any I ever saw before. If I were to try to guess, it was probably double the width of a king-size bed.
The mahogany four-poster surrounding the mattress was hand-carved like the doors, but it was a traditional Victorian scroll that was so intricate, my fingers itched to run over them. On the bed’s surface was a large, ivory blanket that looked like a plush velvet on top of white satin sheets.
A Persian rug adorned the floor spanning from the foot of the bed to a massive hearth that was surrounded by a shiny, white stone that swirled with gray, flecks of gold, and a few hints of blue throughout its smooth surface. It looked like marble, but I wasn’t certain the stone was correct. Within it was an orange, flickering flame that danced around and it was mesmerizing.
There were a few more Tiffany crystal sconces that cast a dim, warm light throughout the room. Out of the corner of my eye, to the left of the door, was a low mahogany dresser with a small Tiffany lamp on its gleaming surface. But my eyes were too fixated on the doors flanking the fireplace.
“The door on the right of the hearth is the closet. And to the left is the bathroom.”
My feet moved of their own accord toward the bathroom. It was dark, but I could see enough to find the light switch. When the lights came to life, I gasped.
The same stone that surrounded the hearth covered the floors and lined the wall of a shower that was bigger than the bedroom I shared with my younger cousins at home. There were more nozzles and jets than I wanted to count and a large rainfall showerhead that hung from the ceiling.
“Oh, fuck me,” I breathed, covering my mouth with my hand as I gaped.
I thought I heard a wheeze come from Liam, but it was too faint to know for certain.
In the center of the space was an egg-shaped tub that would fit two people with room to spare. Above it hovered a massive Tiffany crystal chandelier that sparkled against the smooth surfaces beneath it.
Near the back of the room was a door that I guessed led to a water closet.
My heart sank. From what little Angela said, I understood Liam was wealthy. But I never thought I would see a space like that in my life unless it was a picture in a magazine.
I shook my head and turned around, walking back to the vampire, still waiting by the door.
“What is wrong, ma chère?”
“This is too much, Liam.”
“I do not understand. If it is not to your liking we can—” he stopped when I lifted my hand and touched his wrist.
“It’s not that. It’s, um…,” I trailed off and frowned.
“Marcelline,” Liam cooed and covered my hand with his, waiting for me to continue.
“The bedroom I shared with Ethan and the twins was smaller than that shower.” A faint, nervous chuckle escaped me from my shame. “We couldn’t even afford to buy our clothes from Walmart.”
My lip trembled and the concern on Liam’s face forced me to look down.
He moved his hand away from mine, reached up to my chin, and waited for me to look up again. Even though I did, I couldn’t bear to meet his eyes.
“There’s no way I can repay you for this,” I breathed.
“Listen to me,” he began, moving his hand from my chin to my shoulder. “You asked for asylum and I am offering it. Your only concern now is to rest and help your cousins as you all adjust to your new reality. Do not fret about anything else. Especially not something as trivial as money. I would never ask you to repay me. And if you tried, I would refuse.”
Despite my shame, he showed no hints of distaste over my family’s hardships. I tried to take a deep breath to hold off the emotions that rolled through me, but it was jagged.
Not even his scent of mint was enough to stop what happened next.
A tear slipped from my eye.
He wiped the tear away with his thumb. Without thinking, I lifted my hand and covered his, letting my eyes close.
While I was hot and uncomfortable in that fuzzy white robe, and his temperature felt like finding water in the middle of the mid-afternoon desert, it was the comfort he offered me that I didn’t want to lose so soon.
I shivered and he started to pull his hand away, but I resisted.  “Stop, Liam,” I breathed as I moved my other hand to rest on his chest, right over his heart.
He relaxed his arm, resting his hand against my cheek once more.
Forcing my eyes to open, I locked my gaze with his. “Thank you for taking care of us.”
He nodded and I lowered my arms. His hand lingered on my cheek for a few more blissful moments before he released me. “There are clothes set out for you in the closet. I will have someone bring you food when you are finished bathing in whatever manner you choose. Then, you should sleep. You are still exhausted, Marcelline.”
A rush of fear passed over me as I nodded, not wanting to take up any more of his time.
“What is wrong?”
Dammit.
I should’ve known he’d smell the fear on me. “I might be exhausted, but I don’t want to sleep yet.”
He nodded in understanding and then said, “Very well, I will return when you are finished bathing and take you to the kitchen to eat before completing a tour of the house. That is better, is it not?”
I gave him a small smile and nodded.
He turned toward the door and began pulling it closed behind him. “I will not go far. Call out if you need anything.”
Without waiting for me to respond, he closed the door behind him.
I didn’t want to admit it, but I missed him as soon as he left.
Oh fuck, I’m in trouble.
Chapter 21



Before I moved away from the door, I loosened the tie on the robe and attempted to fan myself, muttering, “Oh my god,” under my breath before I blew air up toward my nose in a futile effort to cool my face.
The bed was as soft as a cloud and the velvet blanket felt warm against my skin when I ran my hand over it. And after making my way back to the bathroom, I realized that it was fully stocked.
There were four toothbrushes and a tube of paste in a tall crystal goblet on the long vanity between two large sinks. In the long drawer beneath were combs, brushes, and even a hairdryer. There were a few hair accessories in a small, shallow bowl nearby. Beside those sat a bottle of lotion, other hygiene products, and a set of men’s shaving supplies for Ethan.
When I padded over to the water closet and opened the door, I snorted, closing it again.
Based on the rest of the suite, I wasn’t surprised to see a self-flushing toilet, and a high-tech bidet waiting inside. That room was almost the same size as the bedroom my cousins and I shared at home. Though I tried to push the thoughts aside, it was still jarring to me.
The shower was nestled into the corner of the expansive room and the two walls extending into the bathroom were clear glass, spanning from the floor to the ceiling and giving the illusion that it was open to the entire room.
Between the door to the water closet and the extravagant shower stood a narrow shelving unit and an old-fashioned coat rack. Nestled there were a few different types of shower and bath products. Oversized, white plush towels and robes hung from the hooks on the rack.
But when I glanced through the clear glass inside the shower, I saw many of the same items spanning a long shelf inset into the wall. Shaking my head, I snorted again. “Unbelievable.”
Stepping inside the shower, it took me a few tries to figure out how to work it. Once it was running at that perfect temperature — slightly warm, but mostly on the cool side — I was all too ready to step under the spray.
Pulling off my robe, I paused as I looked down, at last realizing why I recalled tasting blood after I was pulled from the lake. In the aftermath of my nightmare, I never registered that I no longer felt any pain. There was no sign of the long gash in my forearm. No cuts or torn blisters on my feet. Even the stitches from the stab wound were gone.
Fuck me, could vampire blood heal so much, so fast?
Though I read about it when I first utilized my city’s vault in the library, it was still strange to see everything healed. I smiled and dropped the robe on the floor before my bra and panties went after it.
I stepped underneath the pouring rain. With a sigh, my face turned upward and the cool droplets of water splashed against my heated skin, easing the intensity of the burn in my cheeks.
Though I wasn’t certain how long I stood there, I couldn’t bring myself to care. It was my first time showering since the morning of New Year's Eve — since I wasn’t counting my impromptu audition to the Polar Bear Club at the lake.
After my muscles released a bit of the tension I held for so long, I stepped out of the spray and assessed my options. First, I shaved and felt a little more like myself again. Then I selected a soap, shampoo, and conditioner that smelled faintly of mint.
Once finished, I sighed, turned off the water, and plucked a towel from the rack. I wrapped it around my middle, just beneath my arms, and made my way to the closet.
Inside, I found a pair of black flip-flop sandals that were slightly too big for my feet, but they would do. On the shelf to the left was a matching black tank top with a shelf bra and panties above a neatly folded pair of black silk pants.
It looked like a combination of what Angela and Salvatore wore when we met. I shrugged, it didn’t matter what I wore, as long as it was clean. It also didn’t escape my notice that the clothes, especially the pants, smelled like sweet mint. That made me smile.
I dressed and realized that I’d be a little chilly, if the temperature of the room was any indication of the rest of Liam’s home, but that was fine with me. It would keep me sharp and awake.
Making my way toward the door, I noticed my Tarantula sitting on the low dresser. In my awe of the furnishings, I didn’t see it before, but I smiled and began searching my pants for pockets, remembering Salvatore had one in his. After several moments, I frowned. There were none and I couldn’t find a suitable place to put it.
But since Liam promised food and a tour of the house, I decided it would be okay to leave it in the suite. Though I would be uncomfortable without it, it wasn’t necessary if I was inside the house.
There was a light knock on the door and a quick surge of exhilaration washed through me that I tried to ignore as I opened it.
Liam stood there with a small smile in greeting and I returned it. Then his piercing green eyes fell from mine to assess me.
The expression on his face was meant to convey a non-sexual appraisal to ensure the clothes I was given would suffice, but the unease I usually felt from him shifted as his eyes traveled down to my toes. It seemed different. Like he didn’t know how to feel. And he was fighting it.
Along the way, his nostrils widened for an instant and I wondered if he was smelling me. But when he finished his appraisal, his eyes lifted back to mine and I saw it.
Those intoxicating emerald eyes were slightly dilated and they flashed against the low light that surrounded us. Whatever he saw or smelled — or perhaps both, he liked it. And I had to force myself to keep my expression clear.
I hoped my little rush of desire wasn’t enough for him to notice.
Despite my embarrassment, there was nothing I could do about the increase in my heart rate.
His eyes lowered from mine and I couldn’t be certain if he was looking at my nose or my mouth, but I knew he was trying to hide his eyes. “Clothes for you and your cousins will arrive tomorrow morning. Those will suffice for tonight, will they not?”
I nodded, “They’re fine, Liam. Thank you.”
“But of course,” he bowed. Then he asked, “Shall we?” as he extended his elbow to me.
With a quick glance down at my talisman, I nodded and reached out to hook my hand under his.
“Wait a moment,” he said, and I froze, returning my gaze to him. But he was already gone.
I stood there, gaping as he moved faster than my eyes could follow to the next room before disappearing inside. If that was his suite, then mine was right next to it. That made me feel even safer than before.
In the next instant, he was back, but for the last few yards, he slowed down so I could see him rather than a blur coming at me. I appreciated that and gave him a small smile.
He stopped in front of me and held out a small pouch with a clip affixed to its back. “This is designed to hold throwing stars, but it should hold your tarantula.”
“But,” I began and paused, searching his face, “you don’t even know what it is.”
“That is of no importance. What matters is that it is important to you, Marcelline. After everything that happened at the lake, you did not let it go. It was not until you were in the infirmary bed that you dropped it. I kept it safe while you rested.”
Without thinking, I moved toward him and threw my arms over his shoulders, hugging him. He didn’t hesitate to return my embrace, even though my enthusiastic show of gratitude surprised him. I breathed in that intoxicating scent of mint and held him tighter. “Thank you,” I breathed.
Through all the confusion, he noticed its importance. That meant more to me than he knew.
“Ma chère,” he breathed, tightening his hold on me.
He didn’t say anything else. He didn’t have to.
When I released him, he hesitated for a moment before he straightened. I could feel his gaze on me when I turned back to clip the pocket to my pants and then slipped the Tarantula inside.
Once finished, his elbow was already extended with a small smile written on his features. I smiled back at him and hooked my hand under his arm, closing the door behind me.
Chapter 22



“Marcy,” Sylvie cried and jumped up, abandoning her board game to run toward me. My heart thumped with joy and my eyes stung a little. Knowing my cousins were safe and seeing it firsthand were two very different things.
Not only did Liam save my life, but he took us into his home — the haven he provided for his people and the Earthen. He cared about my wellbeing, and up to that point, he took it upon himself to provide it. By understanding my fears and hesitations. He accepted me without judgment. Comforted me. And, all the while, he anticipated my needs.
The little pouch for my talisman and my joyous relief were proof enough of that.
When my cousin reached me, she jumped up and threw her arms around my shoulders. I picked her up, giving her a bear hug, inhaling and catching the scent of candy.
“Oh, little bug, I’ve missed you. Have you been good?”
She snorted, “What kind of question is that? Of course, I’ve been good.”
Her light brown hair was in a ponytail instead of her usual side braid and the black sweatpants and shirt she wore were a little small on her. She wasn’t wearing shoes, just a pair of thick, white socks.
I set her down when Theo walked up, a little less enthusiastic than his sister, but still genuinely happy to see me. He wore the same outfit and it, too, was a little small for him.
He sniffed but threw his arms around my middle before I could react to it. I let him hide his emotions and wrapped my arms around his shoulders, smelling candy on him as well. “Hey, little man. Have you been keeping Ethan out of trouble?”
“I heard that,” Ethan said as he moved at a much slower pace toward us. I looked up at him and smiled. He wore all black. Silk pants like mine and a muscle shirt with a hoodie zipped up halfway.
His hand rubbed the back of his neck and he tried to hide his smile from the pretty girl that walked beside him.
Shit.
Was it Jessie? Or Jessica?
“I’ve been trying to keep him in line,” Theo began, “but you know the kinds of shenanigans he likes to get into.”
I snorted. “I do, indeed.”
Despite the jokes at his expense, Ethan was a good kid. Far less trouble than Amber when she was his age.
I swallowed.
When Theo released me, I walked up to Ethan and hugged him, not caring that it would embarrass him in front of the girl standing next to him. To my surprise, he didn’t hesitate to return my embrace. I breathed in his scent of salty seawater and caught a lingering mint as I smiled against him.
The twins weren’t acting like their whole world ended a few days before, which told me they didn’t yet realize no one else survived New Orleans. But Ethan knew and he was doing his best to hold it together for them.
“Are you okay?” I whispered to him.
He nodded into my shoulder and held me tighter. He wasn’t okay and I felt awful for it.
“I’m so sorry, Ethan.”
“You could have died, Marcy,” he breathed.
Oh.
He wasn’t grieving the rest of our family at that moment. He knew what happened at the lake and didn’t know if I’d survive.
“I know, I don’t know what happened, but I’m okay now.”
He waited, not letting me go.
“I’m fine, I promise. Okay?”
He nodded and released me, but he wasn’t ready to face the girl.
Turning away, I blocked her view from him and held my hand out toward her with a smile. She was tiny beneath her flannel pants and bulky black sweater. Based on the contours of her face, I guessed she was, at most, fifteen years old.
“Hi, I’m Marcelline, but everyone calls me Marcy.” In that instant, I realized that was no longer the truth. “Well, mostly anyway.”
She took my hand and shook it gently with a smile. “I’m Jessica,” she said in a pitch a little higher than I anticipated.
“It’s nice to meet you, Jessica.”
There was another little boy in the room. Liam said he was Angela and Salvatore’s son, Peter. But he didn’t speak yet. When I let go of Jessica’s hand, I turned around, looking for him.
I knew in the next instant that he was adopted, but that didn’t matter.
He stood next to the board game with a small smile. I raised my hand and rested it over my heart, smiling as I said, “Hello there, handsome.” As I hoped, his smile widened at my greeting and I took a few steps closer to him.
A year or two younger than the twins, that straight, dark blond hair of his flopped against the fair skin of his freckled forehead and it only added to his innocence. Set against his warm complexion, his eyes changed depending on how the light hit them. I thought they were blue, but they would pass for green or hazel, too. Either way, they were still striking. Captivating, even.
His jeans were a few inches too long for him, but I knew from watching Ethan and Theo around his age meant he’d need those inches sooner rather than later. It also explained why the twins’ clothes were a little small for them.
When I knelt on the floor, sitting back on my feet, I caught a faint scent of bubblegum. I smiled again and held out my hand. “I’m Marcelline—”
“But mostly everyone calls you Marcy,” he finished for me and took my hand. It was a little cold, but not enough for me to think he needed a jacket over his blue shirt. “I’m Peter.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Peter. You know, I met your parents already. They’re very nice.”
He beamed at me. “Everyone here is nice, silly. Even the animals.”
My eyebrows shot up in genuine surprise. “You have pets here?”
For such opulence in Liam’s home, I didn’t think he would want fur balls collecting in the corners. That thought made me smile. If they kept pets, it was because the people that lived in his home enjoyed having them around, and that would matter more than the shedding.
“Yep, there’s Shadow,” he began. “He’s a really big dog,” he gave me a wink and I understood what he meant. I appreciated that he didn’t reveal that a werewolf was running around like a dog in the house. That might scare the twins a little at first. “And then there’s Bugs,” Peter chewed on his lip for a moment.
He turned back toward the entrance to the game room. “Uncle Liam?”
“Yes, my dear boy,” the vampire responded.
“How would you describe Bugs?”
“Ah,” he began, taking a few steps toward us. “He is your mom’s very special cat,” his eyes flickered to mine for a moment before going back to Peter. “And they both have quite the sense of humor, do they not?”
The little boy giggled and nodded. I wasn’t certain if he meant that Bugs was a were-cat or something else, but it told me enough.
“Have you introduced them to my cousins yet?” I asked Peter.
“Not yet,” he tapped his socked foot. “I didn’t know if it was okay.”
“Oh, little man, of course, it is. I’d like to meet them too, if that’s okay with you and your uncle,” I glanced up at the vampire in question and he nodded.
“Shadow, Bugs,” Liam said, without raising his voice. “To the game room, if you please.”
As the twins stepped closer to Peter and me, the sound of some light clicking on the floor out in the large hallway grew louder and I knew at least one of them was making noise on purpose. But then the sound stopped.
A small, monochromatic streak of color shot through the doorway and then rounded through the room, skidding to a stop at Peter’s feet before sitting down and looking up at us.
He looked like a normal house cat to me. I guessed he was a Russian Blue from his short, gray fur coat and green eyes, almost the same shade as Liam’s. But, unlike any cats I ever met, his eyes crackled with an intelligence far beyond what would be considered normal. “Meh,” he half-meowed at me.
Peter beamed at the cat and turned toward me, “Everyone, this is Bugs.”
I couldn’t be certain, but I thought the slight dip of the cat’s head was a nod in greeting.
“Hello there,” Sylvie sang through the huge grin plastered on her face. She reached her hand out for a moment before she stopped. “Can I pet—”
The cat cut her off as he shoved his head against her palm. His purr stuttered to life in the next instant. It was choppy and rumbled through the feline’s chest as he rubbed against her.
Peter giggled. “His purr is part of his charm.”
“I suppose you’re right,” I agreed.
But then I heard that clicking start up again, on the third tap, a fluffy, white wolf’s head popped out through the threshold and his tongue hung out of the side of his mouth in a lopsided grin.
My smile faded as shock and awe took over. Peter wasn’t kidding when he said Shadow was a big dog. He was far bigger than any wolves I knew about. Though I read that were-animals were often bigger than their normal counterparts, I didn’t imagine they could be quite that big.
My best guess would put the wolf somewhere between two- and three-hundred-pounds.
“Don’t worry,” Peter said, reaching out to rest his hand on my shoulder, mistaking my surprise for fear. “He’s a gentle giant.”
I knew what he meant. The werewolf wasn’t a threat to us, but he was deadly. If he wanted to be. It made me wonder how Salvatore looked as a wolf.
As Shadow prowled further in the game room, he kept that lopsided grin on his face. Then he took his time, rubbing his body against Liam’s immaculate suit pants as he circled him, leaving behind tufts of white fur.
As Peter’s giggles switched to a full laugh, Liam shook his head in mock exasperation. Then he grinned and patted the wolf on his head. “Hello to you, too.”
The wolf turned his attention to the rest of us and his eyes slid closed as he started making a choking noise. I couldn’t help myself, I snorted.
If I didn’t know better, I would say the wolf knew he annoyed Liam and was laughing at the result.
When he stopped, his eyes opened again and he walked up to me. I stayed where I was on my knees and he was still taller when he sat in front of me. His brown eyes met mine and he pulled his tongue back into his mouth with a slurping noise.
I didn’t know what he was doing, or how I was supposed to greet such a large werewolf. “Hi, Shadow,” I began. “You are a gorgeous creature, aren’t you?” I asked with wonder in my voice.
He lifted one large front paw and rested it on my shoulder as he nodded. At least, the dip of his head looked like one. But then the werewolf burped so loud it could put a subwoofer to shame and Peter squealed with more laughter.
Before I realized what was happening, he closed the distance between us.
He was so fast, I flinched, thinking he was about to attack me.
Chapter 23



When I finally realized what Shadow was doing, it was too late. His tongue popped out of his mouth, and he licked my face. From my chin up to my forehead.
Though I wasn’t certain about Liam, I heard the kids laughing as I fell backward from the shock of it. When I impacted the floor, my legs slid out from under me, and I realized the wolf moved. He stood, front paws on either side of my shoulders and his nose inches from mine.
My hands were on his chest, buried in his soft fur. I didn’t know when I did that, but he didn’t seem to mind. Confused and unsure about what I should do, I stayed still. Before I could decide what to do, his tongue flashed out again and traveled from my jaw to my temple, catching a little of my hair in the process.
By the time the werewolf hopped away to greet the others, I was laughing, yet horrified that I was covered in so much werewolf drool.
Liam appeared over me and I thought I saw him shake with suppressed laughter before he reached down to help me up. When I made it to my feet, I realized I lost a sandal. But I was too busy trying to wipe the drool off my face.
As his lips twitched, he handed me a handkerchief from his suit’s breast pocket that matched his crimson tie. I took it, still reeling at the amount of saliva that was on my face. When I finished wiping it away, I hesitated, not certain if he would want it returned in its current state.
I snorted and then laughed as I asked him, “Do you want this back?”
He smiled at me and my laugh cut off.
Oh, fuck me. That smile of his could melt glaciers.
“I fear you may yet need it before the night is through. But since you do not have any pockets free, I will hold on to it for you.”
I handed it back to him and he folded it neatly before sliding it back into his pocket, without any indication of distaste. Like it wasn’t covered in slobber.
Once we said our goodbyes to the kids and the animals, I put the wayward sandal back on my foot, and Liam led me toward the kitchen. Across the hall from our destination was a darkened room. I guessed it was a large dining room, but I didn’t know for certain.
I was unsure if I wanted to know what was behind the large stainless steel door at the end of the hall. But when we entered the kitchen and Liam flipped on the lights, I gaped.
To say that the space was a chef’s gourmet kitchen was an understatement. Everything gleamed and the light bounced off the surfaces. From the floors to the high cabinetry. The Wolf appliances shone in a stainless steel finish were doubled in size from any normal kitchen.
Standing in the middle of the space, the stone counter of the island stole the show, sparkling with browns, purples, and grays. It was large enough to seat a dozen people around it with room to spare.
A gleaming mahogany table at the end of the room was nestled against a cornered banquette and its sprawling footprint made me think of royal gatherings where the esteemed sat at the front to view their subjects.
I rinsed off my face to remove the lingering stickiness of werewolf saliva and patted it dry with a fresh towel the vampire handed me before he pulled out a stool for me. Once I was seated, he moved around the island and opened the fridge, rummaging around. As his hands searched, he asked, “Do you have any dietary restrictions?”
“No, I’ll eat anything,” I said and then bit back a laugh, knowing how that might sound to him.
I wasn’t certain if he caught my embarrassment, but he kept searching without comment. At last, carrying the items he needed, he moved to the counter next to the range to prepare it. He pulled a cast-iron skillet out of the cabinet and dropped a bit of butter on its surface as he turned on the gas burner.
To fill the silence, I asked, “What time is it? I haven’t seen any windows.”
“It is easy to lose track of time down here. It is late evening, about nine o’clock.”
My eyebrows went up, “So I was only out a few minutes after you brought me back here?” It felt like I was out for longer than that.
“No, you slept through the night and did not wake until earlier this evening.”
I was out for almost a whole day?
“How did you get to me so fast when I woke up, then?”
He placed a couple of pieces of bacon into the pan and they started to sizzle.
“I did not know when you would wake, so I sat beside your bed.”
What?
“Um,” I hedged and he turned around to meet my gaze. “You stayed with me the whole time?”
He shrugged, “I did not want you to wake alone,” he made it sound like it was no trouble. Like watching someone sleep for almost twenty-four hours was a normal occurrence in his home.
When I stayed silent, he turned around and flipped the bacon with a fork, shaking the handle a little to spread the butter and grease around.
Then, he changed the subject to Voodoo, asking if I could clarify some things he didn’t know. I answered his questions, explaining as much as I could, not wanting to leave anything out that might be important, including how my family’s version of the practice differed.
By the time he was satisfied with the subject, our plates were cleared. I was full and my taste buds had never been happier. “That was delicious, Liam. Thank you for cooking for me.”
“But of course.”
Since he didn’t seem to be in a rush, I chewed on my lip for a moment. Trying to ignore my body’s reaction to the way his eyes flickered down to watch the motion, I said, “I need to tell you something.”
He waited.
“My family was aware that Renata and some of her subjects kept vampires around as unwilling blood donors. We never agreed with it, but there was too much unknown. I didn’t know how or if we could stop it.”
The guilt that weighed on my shoulders was immense and I waited for him to process my words.
“Marcelline,” he began, covering my hand with his. “I do not blame you or anyone in your family for your inaction. Renata was unpredictable and dangerous. Her closest followers were as well. The unknown was too great a risk.”
I looked down and then breathed, “Vampires were still hurt. You were still hurt.”
Liam studied my face for a few moments. Then, he lifted his hand to my chin and coaxed me to look at him.
When I did, he spoke. “I was not a prisoner of hers for long. My father has a much different story, but he would agree when I say that we do not blame the entire Voodoo community. The fact that you cared for people you did not know means more than risking your life and dying as a result. We must pick our battles and know when is not the time to make a stand.”
My eyes stayed on him, searching his face. His sincerity and understanding hit me in the chest. I didn’t know what to say to his words, but he rescued me and changed the subject, “I do not know who attacked your family or why. But we will find the answers. You have my word.”
I sucked in a breath and mint filled my lungs.
When my cousins and I fled New Orleans and traveled to Nashville, I hoped for asylum. But the man in front of me offered, yet again, much more than that. Without those answers, I knew it would eat away at me. Any sense of safety and security my family and I could find would be shadowed.
Where the hell have you been all my life?
For the second time that evening, I threw my arms over his shoulders and hugged him. He didn’t stop me or hesitate to return my embrace. With my face against his shoulder, every breath was filled with him.
“Thank you,” I breathed against him.
He responded by holding me a little tighter, letting out his cool breath against the curve of my neck.
As I shivered, my heart began to carve his name on its walls.
Chapter 24



When I finally extricated myself from Liam’s arms, he held out his hand and stood. “You are ready for a tour, are you not?”
I hesitated, eyeing the plates still sitting on the island. “Shouldn’t we clean up?”
“That will be taken care of, ma chère.”
It wouldn’t surprise me if there was a vampire somewhere waiting for us to leave so they could set the room back to rights. But it was still strange to me. I was raised to not let someone else clean up after me.
“Please,” he prompted, still holding his hand out for me.
I gave him a small smile and took it. The coolness of his skin was soothing and I forced myself not to frown when he released it into the crook of his elbow. Despite several layers of luxury cloth, I felt no body heat. At least it wouldn’t detract from the chill in the air as we moved.
He indicated toward the stainless steel door at the end of the large hallway. “That is the training room. You can see it tomorrow if you like,” I glanced up at him as he spoke and his eyes met mine.
Continuing down the opposite direction, past the game room, we arrived at a T intersection with a door at the end. He indicated with a wave of his hand to the two hallways that extended out on each side, one of which led to our respective suites.
“Except for the infirmary, these halls are for living quarters.”
He pulled the door open in front of him and I gaped.
Compared to the rest of the home, I thought perhaps we were entering some kind of purgatory. There was an ascending staircase with a solid metal door that stood at the top. It shimmered faintly against the single, flickering flame that danced within a lantern beside Liam.
But that wasn’t what disturbed me. It was the fact that the entire expanse, from the threshold, was concrete. There was no paint. No fancy artwork depicting Dracula’s fabled character. It was stark. And it was enough to make me hesitate.
“Do not fret, Marcelline,” he said, patting the back of my hand. It was meant to be a soothing gesture, but I felt a wave of exhilaration at his touch and I didn’t want him to take his hand away from mine. “It is only a staircase. Beyond that door is the rest of my home above ground.”
Swallowing, I nodded.
As promised, I was met with a two-story foyer that was bigger than the entire home I shared with my family in New Orleans. A grand staircase curved around to the floor above us, but it obscured most of my view of the rest of the home.
The floors were the same gleaming mahogany, and the walls were adorned with those Tiffany crystal sconces. When we were a few steps inside the space, Liam released me, turning around to close the door behind him.
Calling it a metal door didn’t do it justice. It was magnificent, shimmering as the soft, warm light bounced against its surface. It was constructed out of copper and there were symbols welded on it that I didn’t recognize. In all the courses I took at Tulane that included art and architecture, they shared little resemblance to anything I saw throughout history.
“What is this?” I breathed, stepping forward. My fingers itched to touch some of the markings that were burned into its surface. As my hand lifted and reached toward it, Liam caught it and held on.
“This is a memorial of sorts. Each rune is spelled to allow us to see those we have lost. I do not want it to startle you.”
“May I?” I asked, meeting his eyes before looking back at the door.
He let me go and I considered each rune. The one in the middle looked newer than the others. It was a circle with a line drawn vertically through it. One side looked like a sun, and the other, a moon, if the burns were any indication.
When my fingertips touched it, I flinched as everything around me disappeared, replaced by the forest in the next instant.
It was nighttime with the moon shining down from above, and I stood in some sort of clearing. Yards ahead of me was a small fire pit that sent tendrils of flame into the air. Standing in front of it was a beautiful woman with gray hair. She shared some features with Aisling and I wondered if they were related.
When she smiled at me, I felt its warmth. And I couldn’t help but smile back at her.
But I didn’t expect what happened next.
“Take care of Liam. He’s a good man.” Though she didn’t raise her voice, I heard her as if she was right in front of me.
Despite my confusion, I responded, “I will,” before everything fell away and I was back in Liam’s home with my hand still resting on the rune. I dropped my hand, speechless.
Liam spoke, “That was Aisling’s grandmother, Jade.”
“I don’t understand. I don’t recall ever meeting her.”
A look of confusion crossed his features as he considered my words. “She spoke to you?” I nodded, but when I opened my mouth to tell him what she said, he waved his hand. “Whatever she said was meant for you alone.”
Even though Liam granted us refuge, I didn’t want anyone to think their trust was misplaced. I shook my head, “I’m not going to keep any secrets.”
When he tried to wave his hand again to stop me, I caught it and held on.
“She said, ‘Take care of Liam. He’s a good man.’”
His eyebrows shot up in his surprise and a rush of unease hit me. Without thinking, I released his hand and took a step back to give him a moment to process what I said.
He noticed and looked a little conflicted about it, but he stayed where he was.
I was still confused, and, though it was a little awkward revealing those words to him, I felt better knowing that I didn’t hide it.
As he stood there, it seemed as though he didn’t know what to say, but he didn’t need to. With a small smile, I offered him a lifeline, “Shall we continue?”
The shock on his features cleared, but that sickening unease lingered. I stayed where I was and waited. With a wave of his hand, he indicated to the room off to the side of the foyer. “The parlor.”
When he didn’t offer his arm, I walked toward it to peer inside.
The mahogany pocket doors were mostly open and it appeared as though part of the space was under construction. Those golden geometric scrolls followed the border of the flooring, but it was otherwise bare. Four King Louis XIV wing chairs upholstered in lush, red velvet, that were no doubt authentic to the period were pushed to the side.
When I turned around, the vampire stepped toward the other end of the expansive foyer, giving me time to follow. He nodded toward the door opposite the one with the memorial runes. “That is the front door.”
My eyebrows shot up. I remembered how the exterior of the home looked. Though I saw some of the original Victorian styles throughout, they did not match up with what I saw on the outside. The interior was far bigger than it appeared from outside.
“That’s an impressive glamour you’ve got out there.”
“Indeed,” he said.
Keeping my back to Liam, I frowned. That unease still rolled off him in waves. And though I understood that what I glimpsed wasn’t expected, the distance between us still hurt. I didn’t know how I could fix it, or if I could at all.
Forcing my disappointment and sadness away, I cleared my expression and turned around. But then I smiled at the painting that hung on the wall above the curved staircase leading to the second floor.
“So beneath the house, we get to see the fictional interpretation of Dracula. But up here we see the true Voivode of Wallachia with the reputation for brutality.”
“You are familiar with him?”
I nodded. “My degrees aren’t just for show.”
“Degrees?”
With a quick glance at him, I said, “I know I seem young and probably not very intelligent.”
“Marcelline,” he began, and it sounded a little like a warning. “I did not say you were not intelligent.”
“I know, but most people have a bit of a bias and assume anyway.” I gave him a small smile.
He waited, so I continued. “I went to Tulane on a full scholarship. Bachelor of Science in History, Bachelor of Arts in Art History, and an Associate’s in Anthropology. I hoped to make that one a B.A. too, but I was forced to stop and take my degrees after fall term ended my senior year.”
“Renata?”
Nodding, I replied, “I was told it was because of a hurricane, but the damage was nowhere near the devastation Katrina left behind. She assigned me a fortune teller position at her shop — a walking stereotype in the French Quarter — to emphasize that my education was wasted.” I shrugged. “Whether I used it or not, I still earned my scholarship and each of my degrees.”
Anger replaced some of his unease, but I knew it wasn’t directed at me.
I asked, “I am curious though, was Vladislav Basarab a vampire? There were rumors, but,” I trailed off, and a man stepped through the open threshold of a pair of hand-carved wooden doors at the top of the grand staircase.
Beneath the vampire pallor, the two men shared the same skin tone, and that was where the similarities ended. His eyes were blue and long, straight dark hair fell just past his shoulders. Instead of a beard, he sported a thick goatee. And, though he wore similar pants and shiny shoes, he wasn’t wearing a jacket or tie. The top few buttons of his white shirt were left open.
Somehow, his look suited him. And though I recognized him as one of the vampires that greeted my family, I didn’t yet know who he was. As he came to a stop in front of me, I could tell he was a little taller than Liam. But then he smiled and his eyes flashed against the low light.
“I never did like that name.”
Fuck me, Dracula is real.
I couldn’t help myself. I grinned. “Vlad Tepes, then?” I asked, sounding out the missing h at the end of his last name.
As his smile widened, I thought I saw Liam’s mouth lift a little at the corners out of my peripheral vision. The vampire extended his hand and I took it. While it was cold like Liam’s, it didn’t offer the same exhilarating, yet soothing effect. “Vlad Tepes, at your service.”
“I’m—”
“Marcelline.”
“Yes, but you can call me Marcy.”
His lip curled in distaste.
I snorted. “Or not. That’s fine, too.”
He released my hand and glanced up at his portrait from over five hundred years before. “You are no doubt wondering why these walls are filled with reminders of me.” He shook his head, not waiting for me to respond. “Sometime in the winter of eighteen-thirty-six, I believe, I met an intriguing young woman by the name of Marie Laveau.”
Air rushed out of my lungs at his words. The famous Dracula was kept prisoner by the first Voodoo queen of New Orleans? I knew Liam wasn’t the only vampire Aisling rescued from Renata Crane, but I never dreamed that Dracula was among them.
He continued before I started babbling. “My son did not know where I was and spent the better part of two centuries looking for me.”
The pieces of the puzzle fell together.
I blurted, “When you say son—” Vlad cut me off with a wave of his hand.
“Liam is both my biological child and made vampire by me.”
Even though Liam stood a few feet away, I couldn’t help what I said next. “You raised a good man, Vlad.”
The vampire grinned at me, pleased with my words. Then, without dropping his grin, he sighed in mock disappointment, “I could have done worse, I suppose.”
“Touché,” Liam said, grinning at his father’s response.
“It was a pleasure to formally meet you, Marcelline,” Vlad said and then bowed before he turned and made his way to the copper door.
When the door closed behind him, Liam spoke, “My father does like to make an entrance.”
The stifling unease coming from him was diminished to its normal background noise. Relief didn’t begin to cover how I felt about that. Taking a step toward me, he offered his elbow once more. I smiled and took it as he led me up the stairs. Then he said, “This is the library.”
Chapter 25



When Liam announced our arrival at his library, I didn’t expect something so grand. When he released me, all I could do was gape and take it all in.
Ahead of us was a wide mahogany desk with several monitors glowing as Angela typed on her keyboard. Something about her posture told me she knew we were there, but I was too distracted to worry about that.
The ceilings were at least fifteen feet high and the walls were lined with floor-to-ceiling bookshelves. To my surprise and delight, the library curved back around the foyer on both sides and extended out far enough for a few rows of lower bookshelves to float in the center.
On the left side of the library, I noticed a brown leather sofa that was tufted throughout its cushions and smooth along the back. A Chesterfield, I guessed. Sitting on the far side was the pretty redhead we passed in the hall before I showered. She held a paperback in front of her as she read, too entranced in the words to notice our arrival.
Even with the massive expanse of bookshelves and rows, I thought there was more I couldn’t see, and that made me smile.
I wasn’t certain if that was the last stop on Liam’s tour, or if he brought me there to find a book to read, but that was always my best escape when I needed one. And at that moment, I did. Letting my eyes travel along the spines of books, I looked for something of interest.
Behind me, Liam’s voice traveled across the room and over me with a soft caress, but he spoke low enough to Angela that I didn’t make out the words. Her low voice came next as they chatted.
Standing beside the expansive desk, I noticed a small bookshelf sitting beside it. The books it carried were all identical. Upon closer inspection, I saw the author’s name.
Aisling Green.
It was too much of a coincidence to have dozens of copies of the same book by someone named Aisling in Liam’s library. Intrigued about what I might find inside its covers, I pulled a copy from the shelf before I realized I moved.
Opening it, I turned the pages until I reached the start of the novel. And as I slowly made my way around the low bookcases to my destination, I read. When I made it to the Chesterfield sofa, I sat down next to the redhead.
I read for several minutes, caught up in the tale that already grabbed my attention. And then, at the end of the first chapter, I looked over at the woman sitting beside me, smiling as I realized she, too, was absorbing a copy of her own.
She raised her index finger to tell me she needed a moment. I didn’t mind. I wouldn’t want to stop until I finished my chapter, either. In response, I tucked my finger inside my book and lowered it to rest on my lap, giving her time.
A few moments later, her eyes traveled over the page for the last time and she placed a bookmark inside, setting it on her lap before looking at me. “This is really good,” she said in an unmistakable Australian accent.
“I just started, but I have to agree,” I smiled back at her.
Green eyes sparkled as her gaze met mine and she smiled.
She was, in a word, breathtaking.
To say that her long, straight hair was red wouldn’t do it justice. There were strands of maroon, hints of orange, and even a few that looked almost yellow as they shimmered against the soft light in the space. It reminded me of leaves in the fall as it flowed down her back and disappeared behind her. I wasn’t certain how long it was, but it suited her fair skin.
Her frame was thin, like mine, but her curves were in all the right places. Since we were both sitting, I guessed she was close to my height, if not a bit taller.
Tight jeans, so dark that I initially mistook them as black, hugged her hips. Her long-sleeve, scoop neck shirt was a deep turquoise that only made her green eyes more brilliant. On her feet were simple, white canvas shoes.
She extended her hand to me, “I’m Zoe. Zoe Kavanaugh.”
I took it, smiling, “I’m Marcelline Webster, but mostly everyone calls me Marcy.”
 “It’s nice to meet you, Marcy.” Her look of determination battled with a weariness I couldn’t place. But then she began telling me her story. As a new resident in the house as well, she explained in a voice that was filled with sadness and guilt that her circumstances were a little different than mine.
Without judgment, I listened.
After arriving in Nashville, she lost control of her actions and caused a lot of trouble in the process. Only a few days prior, Aisling helped her when the one responsible for her loss of control was, at last, dead.
Despite her tale, I liked her. And I understood why she told me so much about her recent history. It was an effort to prove her trustworthiness through transparency. I was doing the same as a relative stranger.
She wanted to fix everything she tarnished and help Aisling. That resolve was admirable to me.
Though I was still a little unclear about Earthen witches — both the specifics of their power and their role in the supernatural world, I knew enough. Not only was she cocooned in protection, but everyone deferred to her, too. Even Liam. It wasn’t just her unique magic, but who she was that made her like royalty.
I sat there for a few moments, after Zoe left, uncertain of what to do. When Liam continued his conversation with Angela, my curiosity won out and I began reading again. But almost as soon as I began, I dozed to the soothing cadence of their voices.
As I drifted off, I was comforted by the fact that Liam was close by.
Chapter 26



I hovered in a comfortable, warm nothingness. And at some point, that delicious scent of mint intensified with every inhalation, drowning out the faint scent of supple leather, and that only amplified the sense of safety and security radiating through me.
When that dream of Liam began once more, I took in as much as I could.
The moonless night and the misty fog. That same, lingering minty aroma traveling in the breeze. The single flame dancing in the lantern and how the glass panes looked. And even Liam’s silhouette when he finally stepped into view.
Too soon, the images flickered out and I was left in darkness.
And then, when a soft, warm light sprang to life, reminding me of firelight, I couldn’t see beyond the thick fog that surrounded me. But I could hear voices in the distance. One was female, yet different from Angela’s, and the other was Liam. I heard enough to know they were enjoying each other’s company.
When that warm glow disappeared as if it was never there, a cool light burst to life like a bomb went off. My eyes burned against the offending illumination, but after several long moments, they adjusted.
Right in front of me, the face looking back at me was familiar. The same cruel smile was written on the shooter’s features. Fear washed over me as my breathing and heart rate increased from the sudden rush of adrenaline.
The whole world shook and my eyes opened.
Liam leaned over me, strong, cool hands gripped my shoulders. I blinked, a warm blanket that smelled like him covered me, but fortunately, I didn’t sleep long enough to heat up like a furnace.
Those green eyes stayed locked with mine for a long moment before he said, “I smelled your fear. You are alright, are you not?”
With a shiver, I recalled the face of the man that killed most of my family. I nodded. “Thank you,” I breathed as he released my shoulders and straightened, offering me his hand.
“Come, I will escort you back to your suite to rest.”
I was too exhausted to protest, and, if I was being honest with myself, I wanted to be close to him again. Even if it was only while we walked.
Once I made it to my feet, his hands moved back to my shoulders to steady me.
The intensity of his cool temperature against my skin made me shiver and delicious goosebumps tingled across my body as they bloomed. His eyes followed with a flash of concern crossing his features. Grabbing the blanket from the couch, he pulled it over my shoulders.
I shook my head and breathed, “Stop, Liam.”
Before I stopped speaking, he dropped the blanket and stepped back, like he’d been burned.
 “No,” I breathed and reached for his hand. Considering it a victory when he didn’t pull away, I offered him a small smile. “I don’t mind the cold.”
His emerald gaze dropped from mine and traveled over the exposed skin of my extended arm and followed it over my shoulder. He wasn’t convinced, but he offered me his elbow and said, “Very well.”
Other than the two of us, the library was empty. And by the time we made it to the bottom of the staircase in the foyer, I noticed it was still dark outside. “What time is it?”
“Not long after midnight.”
I sighed, not looking forward to a pair of grumpy ten-year-olds in the morning. I knew they would wait up for me.
Liam led me down the stark stairway and when he closed the door behind us, Salvatore walked out of the game room and dimmed the lights. He held up a finger for us to wait as he closed the distance between us.
“The kids fell asleep about an hour ago after they wore themselves out playing with Shadow. If you want I can wake them up.”
I shook my head, “No, let them sleep. They haven’t had a good night in a while.”
Salvatore grinned, “Take your own advice, Marcy. You look like a zombie. Peter will keep an eye on them and let us know if there’s anything wrong.” He turned and made his way down the hall, presumably to the suite he shared with Angela and Peter.
Blinking, I said, “Um, Salvatore?”
The werewolf turned and grinned.
“Peter isn’t sleeping, too?”
“Hi, Marcy,” a voice said from behind me. It sounded like a child’s voice, but not Peter’s.
I spun, jumping with a sudden rush of terror, and my hand gripped the material of Liam’s sleeve. Even though his cool hand covered mine and squeezed in reassurance, my fear already fell away.
Less than a yard in front of me was a little boy unlike any I ever saw before. And since it wasn’t the first time I encountered one — New Orleans was known for attracting them — I knew from his filmy visage that he was a ghost. But it was his appearance that made my heart break for him.
Though he was Asian, I couldn’t pinpoint his nationality. His blue-black hair was long enough to tumble across his forehead and his eyes were faded as a result of his death. The poor boy’s left cheek was shredded like something chewed at it, but I didn’t see any other injuries to tell me how he died.
With a small smile, he said, “I’m Peter.” Even though I heard the words, his mouth didn’t move. It was unsettling, but not enough to fear him.
I let go of Liam’s arm and kneeled in front of the little boy, smiling. “My goodness, aren’t you a looker, too?”
While his mouth stayed still, he giggled, and said, “Only if you look at my good side.” For emphasis, he obscured his ruined cheek from my view.
“Well now,” I began, speaking low, “that just makes you half as handsome.”
Turning his face back to me, a small smile faded. “Thank you, Marcy.”
I knew my words struck him. That was okay. “And, the little boy I met earlier?”
Except for another smile, he didn’t move as he said, “I give him life.”
“And he gives you a body?”
He nodded, “Exactly.”
“Okay, so tell me if I’ve got this wrong. He sleeps, but you don’t. And while he’s resting, you continue being the same amazing kid you’ve always been?”
“Yep,” was his response.
“That is an awesome superpower, little man,” I grinned at him and he beamed at me.
I didn’t know how long Peter had been with Angela and Salvatore, but I could see why he was so adored.
“You should sleep, Marcy. You really are starting to look like a zombie,” he said and I snorted. “Don’t worry, I’ll look after your cousins.”
He turned and skipped down the main hall toward the game room as Liam helped me to stand again. By the time I was steady, Peter already disappeared inside.
Smiling at Salvatore, I said, “You’ve got a great kid.”
He nodded. “We know.” And then he proceeded down the hall.
While Liam walked with me in the opposite direction toward my suite, I felt his unease grow. By the time he slowed to a stop at my door, he was practically vibrating with it. “Marcelline,” he crooned. “Do not fret. You need to rest.”
I blinked. His unease was a response to my growing fear. I sighed, “I know,” but I was still scared. I didn’t want to see the shooter’s face haunting my dreams.
“I will not be far away if you need anything.”
Somehow, his words helped, but they didn’t eliminate all of it. I nodded, “Thank you, Liam.”
“Goodnight, ma chère.”
I opened the door, refusing to watch him walk away.
Once it closed behind me, the breath I didn’t realize I was holding rushed out of me.
By the time I stepped out of my flip-flops, lowered the lights, and moved to the far side of the bed, I yawned. Even blinking took too much energy.
Snuggled into the velvet blanket, I drifted off.
Chapter 27



I walked through Indiana’s frigid, blustery streets, while the scent of wood smoke hung in the air and a few leaves left over from autumn tumbled across the pavement. In the distance, beyond the din of footfalls and engines were the creaks of trees, protesting the wind’s impact against them.
It was, in a word, idyllic. There in Nashville, over eight hundred miles from the only home I’d ever known, I felt like I could breathe for the first time in what felt like forever.
Brick storefronts with large picture windows lined Main Street. Spreading out like an intricate web, were houses. Old Colonials, a few Victorians, and some Craftsmen cottages sprinkled in between were converted into little shops and small restaurants. Each one boasted unique merchandise or comfort foods.
As my feet carried me, with no discernible destination in mind, I didn’t realize the sounds of people faded into the distance. Or that the houses were no longer converted into stores. By the time I noticed, it was already too late.
Before I recognized that cruel smile, his hand was outstretched toward me, reddened a little from the bitter winter breeze.
A small pop of a firecracker hit my ears an instant before that bullet slipped into my chest and then exploded.
Everything went black as I screamed.
Agony didn’t begin to describe how it felt. Not just from the intensity of the physical pain, but because I was moments away from death.
There was so much I didn’t yet experience. I wouldn’t be there to raise the twins and help them navigate the awkwardness of becoming teenagers. Or see Ethan fall in love for the first time.
I wouldn’t feel a love of my own blooming within me. A slow, steady burn. One that kept the world turning while it enveloped everything in a warm, dancing glow without any of the destruction. Someone I knew was already smoldering, and the kindling was there, waiting to catch fire.
How I was still moving, let alone screaming what was left of my lungs, I didn’t know, but as long as I was alive, I couldn’t stop fighting to protect my cousins. Despite only seeing blackness, I could hear them somewhere in the distance.
Why didn’t I hear them before? Where were they?
The need to call out to them to run was overpowering me, but I couldn’t stop the torrential scream long enough to do it. Even though my eyes saw nothing but oblivion, I felt the man move right in front of me. My only chance to help my family was to fight as long as I could.
Kicking and thrashing, I threw punches, but he deflected me with ease. Cool hands caught my wrists, and I lunged forward, biting, hoping he’d let me go. He hissed when my teeth sank into his skin, but his grip only tightened.
I tried to free myself, knowing it was futile.
A brick wall would crumble before the shackles of his hands released me.
“Marcelline!” a voice bellowed and my scream cut off.
I knew that voice. And I knew what was happening.
Liam was in front of me, not the shooter. It was a nightmare. Pulling in a jagged breath, I forced my limbs to stop resisting as the darkness faded like someone removed a cloak from my eyes. The vampire sat in front of me on the bed, wearing only his suit pants and pressed white shirt, open two buttons down and at the wrists.
That was my third night in his home since waking up in the infirmary. Every time I slept, my dreams followed the same progression. First was Liam shrouded by the lantern light, then the warm glow and dense fog with voices in the near distance, and then some iteration of the shooter finishing what he started.
Up to that point, Liam woke me before my nightmares progressed too far.
I thought perhaps spending the day walking around town might help tire me out so much that I wouldn’t dream.
But that plan failed.
To say that I was exhausted was an understatement. After nothing but fragmented sleep, it was as if I was coming apart at the seams.
And there I was, with Liam, sitting beside me, still gripping my wrists, while my cousins camped out in the game room yet again.
His unease was intensified from its usual levels, but he didn’t let me go as the small punctures on his hand closed. Something else mixed with the unease. Something instinctual. And I realized why.
Oh fuck. I bit him.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” I repeated through my jagged breaths. “I’m sorry I bit you.”
Though I knew I was safe with him, I still hurt him. My actions tested his control. The last thing I wanted was to cause him regret.
Releasing my wrists, those deliciously cool hands moved to my face and I hissed from the sudden swing in temperature. While he stayed still, my eyes slid closed and the burn in my cheeks began to ease against his palms. “Marcelline,” he began, “stay with me.”
I’m right here, Liam.
“I know you are, ma chère. Look at me.”
Fuck me, did I say that out loud?
I opened my eyes, but I couldn’t look at him. Instead, I threw my arms around his shoulders and breathed him into my lungs, trying to ease my nerves and let the fear fall away.
His hands released my face as I moved and he wrapped his arms around my middle. A shiver passed through me as his cool breath hit the heated skin at the curve of my neck. When I sighed, a shiver of his own passed through him.
He was there.
Surrounding me.
And I was safe in his arms.
Like his silhouetted dream, being in his proximity was always comforting. A thrill of exhilaration hit me whenever we passed in the halls or meandered to the kitchen for a meal around the same time, which was often. Our conversations and moments of amicable silence only amplified my desire to be near him.
But when he joined me in the game room the day before to play with the kids, it didn’t take long to see why Peter adored him.
And I knew I was in serious trouble.
I pressed my cheek against his to feel more of his skin. It didn’t escape my notice that, like when I woke in the infirmary, his ears were bleeding. Again. I didn’t know how I did that, but I hated it. I hated that I bit him, too. The last thing I wanted was to hurt him. But I kept doing it anyway.
Sadness washed over me. “I’m sorry,” I breathed.
“Marcelline,” he said, low, “it takes far more than a bite on my hand to test my control. Relax. You are safe.”
That was when I realized he misunderstood my apology, but I was too frazzled to explain. The security he offered with his arms was unlike anything I ever felt in my life. And at that moment, nothing mattered more than being held by him.
At some point, Liam began lowering me back to the bed, stirring me from my doze. I was too tired to resist as he turned me to my side and fixed the warm velvet blanket back over me.
No. You can’t leave.
“You need to rest now,” he cooed in barely more than a whisper as more fear slammed into me.
Before he moved out of reach, I caught his wrist and he stopped, those green eyes looking down at me. “Please, Liam,” I breathed. “I can’t bear another nightmare.” My lip trembled as I spoke, and as I finished, my eyes slid closed, but I didn’t let him go.
He stood there for a moment, unease battling with something else. But I was too tired to try to define it.
“Please. Stay with me.” The desperation in my whisper was almost palpable.
“Very well,” he said and climbed over me. All the while, I kept my hold on his wrist. Like I was afraid he would disappear if I released him.
Because I was.

Once he settled on top of the creamy blanket behind me, his chest pressed against my back. “Sleep, Marcelline,” he breathed against my ear and I shivered.
A soft sigh escaped from me as I drifted away under the protection of his arm.
Chapter 28



I didn’t know how long I slept, but it was blissful. If I dreamt at all, I didn’t remember any of it as I started to become aware.
Every breath I took was filled with Liam and that made me smile.
He exhaled and cool air brushed against my face. At some point in the night, I turned to face him. It also didn’t escape my notice that since his face was inches from mine, every time he inhaled, he could smell me, too.
Without thinking, I moved closer to him, practically nuzzling my face against his chest as I moved. That was when I realized I abandoned my pillow in favor of his arm. I wanted to stay like that and fall back asleep, but I knew my mind was far too alert to allow that to happen.
“Good morning,” he said, low.
It didn’t surprise me that moving closer woke him — if he was asleep at all. I wasn’t certain if he’d try to pull away from me, since he knew I was awake, but he didn’t move. As I was about to look at him, I heard a faint thump and realized it was his heart.
Liam has a heartbeat.
I smiled at the thought and it only solidified my belief that vampires were alive.
Without moving away, I turned my face up and opened my eyes to look at him. The lights in the room were still low and the flames in the hearth were still dancing, but there wasn’t enough illumination to see every detail. As his eyes locked with mine, I couldn’t be certain, but I thought they were dilated.
Uncertainty of my own hit me, I didn’t know what to do or what to say, but I knew one thing. I didn’t want that moment to end. “Thank you for staying with me, Liam. I don’t know if I even dreamt.”
“I am glad you were able to rest, ma chère.”
At that moment, I wanted nothing more than to kiss him. Ever since I woke up and realized he was still with me, I felt it growing. Like a time bomb, counting down with agonizing slowness.
My gaze dropped to Liam’s mouth and then flickered back up to his eyes. I didn’t know for certain if he knew what I wanted, but I was practically boiling over with it. And I was so deliciously close to his mouth, I could almost taste it.
Once more, I didn’t know what to do. In the back of my mind, I felt a hint of fear that he might reject me if I tried to kiss him. He showed signs of interest before but never acted on them. And while that unease grew in him, something else overpowered it.
A low growl rumbled through his chest and it vibrated against my hands, lighting my nerve endings on fire. Whether that noise was voluntary or not, it told me enough. Though he was waiting for me to decide, he wanted it, too.
My hands curled into fists, gripping the material of his shirt like my survival depended on it. And my eyes continued to search his before they dropped to his mouth once more.
“Marcelline,” he breathed.
It wasn’t a warning for me to stop what I was considering.
It was an invitation.
And I took it.
Using his shirt as leverage, I pulled myself up enough to reach his mouth and I kissed him, hard. He responded instantly, his arms circling and then tightening around me as he opened his mouth. When his taste exploded on my tongue, I almost lost it as a small moan escaped me.
Holy fuck, he tastes like heaven.
The desire burning through my bloodstream intensified tenfold.
But he wasn’t close enough to me.
My hands moved to his face to pull him closer for a deeper kiss. The feel of his skin and short beard against my palms elicited another moan from me.
His free hand moved to my face and I gasped at the jolt that rushed through me from the cool contact against my flaming cheek.
My tongue scraped against a fang and I cried out into his mouth at the sensation.
Oh, holy shit.
His fangs didn’t scare me. They lit me on fire.
I didn’t know how much I would like them.
As he continued kissing me with abandon, his cool tongue ran over the scrape his fang left behind and he groaned, deep and throaty.
A wave of exhilaration washed over me as he pressed closer, letting me feel him.
Every mouthwatering inch of him.
I moaned into his mouth again.
All I wanted was to feel his bare skin against mine and it left me breathless.
Mindless.
My legs wriggled, trying to move the blanket out from between us.
In the next instant, he froze and a wave of his guilt washed over me. I stilled, pulling away from his mouth. But I kept my hands where they were.
I lowered my forehead and rested it against his as I tried to slow my breathing and calm down, allowing him to do the same. I breathed, “It’s okay. It’s okay.”
Though I may not have understood the reason behind the guilt he felt, I didn’t feel rejected or hurt by it. What mattered in those moments was calming us down so his control wouldn’t be threatened any further.
I knew that pushing him too far would only lead to more pain. And I couldn’t do that. More than anything else, I didn’t want to make his sadness any worse than it already was by adding guilt to it.
“It’s okay,” I repeated. And I meant it.
I wasn’t certain if Liam would pull away from me, but he stayed where he was, with his palm resting on my cheek. Not willing to put any more distance between us, I waited, hoping he would decide what to do next when he was ready.
“I am sorry, Marcelline,” Liam began, speaking low. “Long ago, I lost someone very dear to me. Her absence is not easy for me, even after all this time.”
I leaned my head back and met his green gaze. To my surprise, his hand moved with me. “Don’t apologize for missing someone you cared about, Liam. I’m not upset with you, I just don’t want to make anything worse for you.”
The way he looked at me wasn’t something I could identify. I didn’t know if he was surprised at my empathy, if he was happy I understood, or something entirely different.
At last, he nodded and we both stayed where we were.
Several long moments later, he spoke again. “There is someone that we can contact. Perhaps she will have some answers for us. I do not know if she will know about the man that killed your family, or why he spared you, but she may know where we can find them.”
I suspected that wasn’t everything. “Do you think maybe she’ll know why I keep making your ears bleed?”
He chuckled at my question. “I do believe you understand me more than I realized. I did not want to upset you about that. But yes. She may be able to help us with that as well.”
“Liam,” I began, “I want to figure out what’s going on. Whatever I’m doing, I want to find out how to stop it because I don’t want to hurt you.”
At my words, his expression changed.
It looked like wonder.
“Marcelline,” he cooed. “You continue to amaze me.”
I was confused. “What did I do? No, wait. Should I take notes?”
With another chuckle, he answered, “You said you do not want to hurt me.”
“Is that a bad thing?”
“Yes, very.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. Though I saw glimpses of his playful side before, that was the first time he outright teased me. His body shook with suppressed laughter and he dropped his head forward.
Without thinking about what I was doing, my hands ran through his hair, marveling at how it felt between my fingers. “You jerk,” I laughed, breathlessly. “Don’t make fun of me for not wanting to hurt you.”
“I would not dream of making fun of you. You are much too scary for that.”
I couldn’t help myself. I snorted as his body shook once more. “Okay,” I giggled, “now you’re being mean.”
He froze and his head snapped up to look at me in the next instant.
My hands moved with the sudden motion, leaving my arms extended. The giggle cut off in my throat and I dropped my hands back to his face as he looked at me with an expression I couldn’t define.
“Stop, Liam. What just happened?”
“You think I am being mean?”
I was confused so I started babbling. “What? No. I was joking—”
He cut me off and growled, “I will show you mean,” as he lunged toward me faster than my eyes could follow. His hand disappeared from my face and I squealed as he pushed me onto my back.
A sudden rush of desire washed over me as he buried his face into the curve of my neck, his lips pressing against the sensitive skin. My hand moved to the back of his head and I exposed my neck to him in silent invitation. I breathed, “Holy shit.”
Then he tickled me and I struggled against him, wriggling and laughing at the same time.
When he kept going, I squealed, “Okay! This is definitely mean.”
The tickling stopped and his arm wrapped around me, tightening while trying to suppress his laughter. It felt like a hug to me and, to the best of my ability, I returned it.
But then he moved, pulling me with him. When he stopped, one arm rested underneath my head while the other draped over my middle.
My fingers twitched against the material of his shirt and I asked, “What were we talking about?”
“You asked me if it was a bad thing that you were concerned for me.”
“Oh, yeah, before I was so rudely interrupted,” my eyes widened for emphasis, but he knew I was kidding. “Is it?”
“Quite the contrary. You may not realize it, but you choose your words with care. You did not say you wanted to stop so you would not hurt anyone.”
Oh.
“Well, to my knowledge, I haven’t made anyone else’s ears bleed. But I can’t deny that is a secondary concern.” Then, I moved my hands back to his face. “Seriously, Liam,” I began, my voice just above a whisper. “You might be immortal, but I don’t want to hurt you.”
His hand moved back to my cheek and I suppressed a shiver.
“That is why you continue to amaze me, ma chère.”
Chapter 29



My stomach growled so loud I was certain everyone in the house could hear it.
I dropped my head toward Liam, trying — failing — to not laugh. As I moved, his hand slipped from my cheek and back into my hair.
His cool breath hit the top of my head and it flowed through the strands. I felt the faintest amount of pressure in the same spot an instant later. I wasn’t certain, but I thought he kissed me.
“Get yourself ready for the day, Marcelline. Or I fear you may rattle this house from its foundation.”
I groaned, burying my face in my hands. And then, out of sheer embarrassment, I groaned, “Fuck me.”
Once the words were out of my mouth I thought for an instant that he would interpret that in a completely different context, but he said, “I will return when you are ready.” And then he was gone.

To say that I was still surprised at how all my new clothes fit me just right was an understatement. Even the matching sets of lacy undergarments. The bra’s straps stayed secured in place and its wires didn’t dig in. There was no sporadic sagging of material to be found. They were so well fitted, I didn’t even notice they were there.
With a final glance in the mirror, I assessed my look for the day.
My hair wasn’t only smoother, but shinier too. It flowed down around my shoulders in gentle, wide waves. Even my skin was more luminescent than I remembered. Perhaps that was because I was using quality products for the first time in my life. It couldn’t be that I was grinning far too much than the situation called for.
Right?
I couldn’t be more obvious if I was wearing a sign.
The white-washed jeans fit me in all the right places while still stretching if I needed to move. They flared from the calves down, ending at the floor. The black flats peeking out from underneath were comfortable and didn’t pinch my skin at all.
The black, short sleeve, square-neck blouse that hugged my midsection without feeling constrictive was the closest thing I could find to a tee shirt. Its hem ended at the top of my thighs, draping over my ass without making it look bigger than it already was.
I folded my new favorite pajamas — the silk pants and tank top, placing them neatly in the closet with the pouch for my talisman on top. Then I slipped my Tarantula in my back pocket and made my way toward the door.
My grin widened as I heard a light knock. Though I wasn’t surprised Liam could hear that I was finished, it was nice knowing he was paying attention.
Once I opened the door, he asked, “Shall we?” before extending his elbow to me. I missed walking like that with him more than I realized. Hooking my hand under his arm, I ignored the flash of self-consciousness at how I looked compared to him in a fresh suit, and pulled the door closed behind me.
In the kitchen, its only occupants were the kids, which wasn’t surprising, given the late-morning hour. They were gathered around the table, eating pancakes with far too much syrup on them. I didn’t mind. It was good to see them settling in so well.
Sylvie looked up and beamed at me, even though her mouth was still full. “Marcy!” she said when she finally swallowed.
Theo and Peter looked up and smiled at me, saying, “Morning,” before grinning at some joke they shared between them. Ethan sat closer to the corner of the room, to the other side of Sylvie with Jessica next to him. His plate was clear already and he grinned at me before continuing his conversation.
“Good morning, young ladies and gentlemen—” I stopped when Sylvie stood up on the banquette and maneuvered behind Theo and Peter’s backs. “Sylvie,” I hissed, “don’t walk on the furniture.”
“Relax Marcy,” she chided me. “I’m not wearing shoes.”
I groaned in defeat and released Liam’s arm.
To my relief, he rescued me. “I do not mind the occasional trek, my dear, but,” he raised his finger when Sylvie grinned, “for Marcelline’s sake, do not make a habit out of it.”
“Okay,” she said and made her way toward me. Tugging on my sleeve, she raised her hand like she wanted to tell me a secret. When I leaned down to listen, she whispered loud enough for everyone to hear. “They have coffee, cream, and sugar!”
My eyes widened and my hand flashed to my heart as I gasped like a heroine in a noir film with the vapors. “No! Say it isn’t true!”
She giggled and nodded. “It’s true.”
“Please tell me you know where they are.” Over a week passed since my last cup and I was salivating at the idea of the indulgence. It didn’t matter that I spent the last few days oblivious to their whereabouts.
In answer, she took my hand and led me toward the refrigerator. Watching her with rapt interest, she opened the upper cabinet beside it. The first shelf housed different types of teas, hot chocolates, coffees, and jars full of powdered cream and sugar. The three shelves above it were filled with mugs of various sizes and designs.
“There’s more cream in the fridge, too,” she added in a loud whisper.
I didn’t embellish my awe as I took in everything the cabinet revealed. But then my eyes dropped to the counter in front of Sylvie and then down, past the range. There was no sign of a coffee maker or kettle.
“But,” I sniffed in horror, “how do we make the coffee?”
She nodded toward the island behind me. I couldn’t help the smile that spread across my face. Built into the cabinet beneath the island’s surface was a large brewing unit that looked like it belonged in a posh coffeehouse, not a home.
That was when logic caught up to me. I didn’t know how to use a machine like that and my smile faded. “Sylvie,” I began, “you didn’t by chance find an instruction manual for this beast in your travels, did you?”
Her smile faded and she said, “No, but,” she paused, chewing on her lip for a moment as she thought about our predicament. And then her eyes brightened. “Liam!”
“Yes, my dear,” the vampire stepped forward to stand beside me.
“Do you know where we can find the instruction manual?”
My lips twitched at her question. I wasn’t certain if she assumed he didn’t know how to use the machine, or if she was really trying to find the manual I asked for.
“Hmm,” Liam’s hand raised to his chin, fingers rubbing against his short beard while he glanced around at the cabinets for a moment. Then, he dropped his hand and shook his head in grim defeat. “Apologies, my dear. I am afraid I do not know where it is.”
Sylvie’s shoulders slumped in her disappointment.
“But,” he began, before she could begin a little spiral of defeat. “What if I show Marcelline how to use it?”
“Really?” she squealed and jumped up and down in her sudden rush of excitement.
Rather than offering Liam my appreciation, I gasped and looked down at my youngest cousin with a wide smile. “Ugh,” I began, wrapping my arms over her little shoulders, “you, little bug, are a saint. You just made my day a million times better.”
Ethan snorted and then called from his seat at the banquette. “Syl, your pancakes are going to get cold and I will have to eat them before that happens.”
“What?” she cried, dashing around me to get back to her plate. “Don’t steal my food, you thief.”
I snorted and flashed my cousin a grateful smile as Liam maneuvered around me.
He asked, “Marcelline, which coffee do you prefer?”
“If it has caffeine, I’m happy with anything.”
“Very well,” he said, grabbing several items from the cabinet. He deposited the spoils on the counter above the machine. “It is not as complicated as it may seem.”
He spoke low, walking me through the important parts of the machine. When he was about to start the brew for me, I rested my hand on his forearm and he stopped to look at me. Searching his emerald eyes, I breathed, “Thank you, Liam.”
His cool hand covered mine and he said, “Little moments of triumph and happiness now may help lessen the intensity of the grief she will feel later, ma chère.”
My eyes stung from the threat of tears and I tried to force them back. He squeezed my hand in a small show of comfort and released me, picking up where he left off in his explanations, giving me the chance to compose myself. The best I could manage was keeping them from spilling over.
When the kids finished eating, I promised to find them in the game room later that day. They ran off with Ethan and Jessica trailing after them. I wasn’t looking forward to telling them the truth about what happened in New Orleans, but I couldn’t put it off any longer. Three days of rest and safety were enough.
I pushed my discomfort aside, trying not to dwell on the impending conversation as Liam finished working the machine and handed me a cup of the steaming liquid. I set it on the counter in front of me, pulling the jars a few inches closer.
As he began brewing one of his own, I took my time assessing the powdered cream and sugar I needed for the cup. I felt his gaze on me as I stirred the contents into the coffee, but I didn’t mind. When it was the perfect shade of brown, I took my first sip.
The taste of it exploded on my tongue, its flavor strong, but not bitter. It was perfect. My eyes slid closed in pleasure. When I swallowed and my eyes opened, I breathed, “Oh, fuck me, that’s good coffee.”
A slight wheeze escaped from Liam and I looked up, meeting his gaze.
“What?” I knew he was trying not to laugh, but I wasn’t certain what I did that was so humorous to him.
He shook his head and grinned. “Your word choices are impeccable.”
Lowering my eyes, I shrugged to hide my embarrassment. “I don’t say that very often. When I do, it’s usually because I’m unguarded, if that makes sense.”
At that moment, I realized the significance of revealing how relaxed I was around him. My self-consciousness intensified with another momentary increase of his unease. “Anyway, if it makes you uncomfortable, I can stop.”
“No, Marcelline, it does not,” he said as the machine’s drip clicked off, announcing his cup was ready.
As he prepared it, I sipped, and asked, “So what’s the plan with this person we need to meet?”
“First,” he began, “you need to eat. Then we will find Zoe. She knows how to contact Beatrice.”
While we sat at the island and ate our breakfast in amicable silence, I closed my eyes, searching. Finding what I needed, I popped the last wedge of an orange in my mouth and stood, resisting the urge to set the kitchen back to rights. As I moved toward the sink, I sucked the remnants of juice off my index finger.
When I finished washing and drying my hands, I turned around. “Zoe is in the library,” I announced and grinned.
Chapter 30



After Liam’s initial surprise that I knew where Zoe was, he didn’t ask for an explanation. He probably assumed I used some kind of Voodoo to find her.
But I didn’t.
When we were almost to the copper door at the top of the stairs, I hedged, “Um, Liam?”
“Yes, ma chère,” he replied.
“I promised you before that I wouldn’t keep secrets.”
We stepped through the threshold into the grand foyer. “And I told you that you did not need to, did I not?”
“Yes, you did,” I began. “But I still want to keep my promise, if you don’t mind.” I grinned a little, knowing he wouldn’t try to sway my decision.
“Very well,” he relented.
“I didn’t use Voodoo to find Zoe.”
He waited, letting me decide how much to tell him.
“It’s called astral projection.”
He glanced down at me with a puzzled look in those piercing green eyes. “I would have seen it, would I not?”
Shaking my head, I replied, “Not unless you were using it, too.”
More confusion flashed across his features.
I stopped walking as we reached the base of the staircase leading up to the library and asked, “What’s wrong?”
“I am afraid I may have been mistaken about astral projection.” I could hear the distaste in his voice at his admission.
“Tell me what you think it is and I’ll help you with the details.”
“I have seen some instances where a person will appear almost like a ghost.”
I nodded, “That’s a person’s spirit. Not astral projection. You need a rather significant amount of control and mental stamina to cast out your spirit and make it visible, but it’s not exactly practical.”
“Then, I am afraid I do not know what astral projection is.” A hint of annoyance wafted off him, but I understood where it was coming from.
Everything I learned about him to that point told me that his knowledge and age helped him become the enigmatic vampire he was. He prided himself on that. Not knowing about something or even being incorrect was a detriment. Such a mistake could prove fatal to him or someone he cared about.
“Okay,” I began, “first, astral and spirit projection aren’t too dissimilar, so you weren’t far off. I can explain.” I chewed on my lip as I gathered my thoughts, ignoring the way his eyes dropped to watch. “Astral projection is like splitting in two, moving independently. You can still see and hear what’s going on around you, but everything looks different in your astral’s eyes.”
His eyebrows raised at my words. “Interesting.”
I snorted. “Put your hand behind your back. I’ll show you.”
He did as instructed and I closed my eyes, dropping into the plane to release my astral. She stepped outside my body as I spoke. “The room is visible, but muted, almost colorless, and a little hazy like there’s light pollution.”
As I stayed where I was, hand still hooked under Liam’s arm, Astral moved to stand in front of him, committing his features to memory. I asked, “Do you see or sense anything other than me standing here?”
“I do not.”
“Okay, my astral body is moving to stand behind you. Hold up some fingers and I’ll tell you what she sees.”
His hand moved.
“Two,” I said and his hand shifted around. “Thumbs up.” He made a few more movements and I snorted, “I don’t know sign language, Liam.”
Astral snapped back to my body and I opened my eyes to look up at him.
“That is very interesting,” he grinned.

After calling Beatrice, the woman we needed to meet, Zoe repeated what was said for my benefit, since Liam could hear the conversation. I didn’t recognize the name of the restaurant she said was in Bloomington, not far from Nashville, but she said we were to meet in an hour.
From behind us, Angela whistled, “Fancy place,” and I caught the slight movement of Liam’s lips as they tightened. I wasn’t certain what to make of that.
And then he said, “Very well, we will leave in twenty minutes.”
“Okay, I’ll go change,” I announced.
“You do not need to do that, Marcelline.”
That was when I understood.
A twinge of anger tickled my throat at the realization that he didn’t plan on telling me about the nature of the restaurant’s clientele, but I forced it down. After a lifetime of thrift-store attire, filling a massive walk-in closet with brand new designer clothes and shoes for four people made me uncomfortable.
He didn’t want me to feel an obligation to wear anything formal so soon.
But I already felt inadequate, slumming around in my jeans while he walked beside me in his pristine suit. If we arrived at an upscale restaurant while I was still wearing jeans and flats, I would’ve felt far worse than wearing a dress that probably cost more than I earned in a year working at Renata’s kitschy Voodoo shop.
Angela’s reaction told me what I needed to know.
As promised, I opted for honesty, hoping he would get the message. “Don’t be silly, Liam. I’d feel terrible if we showed up and I looked like a homeless person.”
Before he could refute my statement, I added, “I’ll be ready in under fifteen minutes.” I turned, flashing Angela a grateful smile before leaving the vampire behind.
Without a clock to keep track of the time, I didn’t take time to peruse the formalwear. After kicking off my flats, I stripped down to my bra and panties and opted for something classic.
The smooth black dress felt similar to Liam’s jacket and I slipped it on. Black pumps that I hoped would work completed my look. Glancing in the tall floor mirror, its gilded, broad frame attached to the wall opposite the closet door, I gaped.
The sleeveless dress fit me like a second skin. It was ruched at the waist and flattered my figure. Its hem flared out several inches and ended just above my knees. The pumps made my legs look like they went on for days.
Once my fingers ran along my scalp to encourage a little volume in my tresses so they wouldn’t fall flat against my face, I grinned, wondering how Liam would react when he saw me.
In my haste, I forgot to check for a place to stash my talisman. My hands skimmed the material and I found a hidden pocket near the hem of my outer thigh, where the material didn’t hug so close to my skin.
It wasn’t the ideal placement, but at least I wouldn’t have to worry about leaving it behind altogether. With the Tarantula safely inside, I smoothed my hands down my sides and left my reflection behind.
When I opened my door, I jumped. Liam stood there, hand up and ready to knock.
“Sorry,” I gritted, forcing my stomach down from my throat.
His arm lowered. And so did his gaze.
A slight cough escaped him as his eyes traveled back up to mine and they flashed against the light.
Holy shit.
“Good enough?” I asked, trying to cover the flash of desire that ran through me when I saw his eyes dilated somewhere along his descent.
He shook his head. “That is not what I would say.”
So much for a positive reaction.
I sighed, “Fuck me. Okay. What’s wrong with it?” As I finished, I was already heading back to the closet. When I made it about halfway, I realized he still didn’t answer me. “Well?” I called, a little too flustered to care — he would’ve heard me if I whispered it.
Something cold gripped my wrist, stopping my momentum and I gasped, losing my balance.
Liam spun me around, his hands flashing up to the bare skin of my upper arms to steady me. “Marcelline, there is nothing wrong with what you are wearing.”
I was confused and a little angry. That did nothing but make my desire more potent. “You said it wasn’t good enough.”
“No. I said, ‘That is not what I would say.’”
My head was spinning and he wasn’t making any sense. “How is that different?”
“Marcelline,” he crooned and his cool hands moved to my face. “Breathe.”
I did as instructed and mint filled my lungs before I met his gaze once more.
“You are not good enough, ma chère. You are exquisite.”
A wave of exhilaration washed over me, but I forced it down. And then my lips twitched. “You could have started with that, you know?”
He sighed and nodded in sadness. Just as I was about to try to comfort him, he spoke. “It is a fatal flaw of mine.” The corner of his mouth lifted in a sly grin.
I snorted, all hints of anger gone from my system. “I fear it may one day be the death of you, Liam.”
His body shook with suppressed laughter and he lowered his hands from my face. “Ready?”
I nodded, and we were off.
When we reached the front door, Liam stopped. “You need a coat.”
“What? No, I don’t.” I took his hand and pulled him through the open doorway into the frigid January air. “We’re going to be late as it is. Come on.”
He didn’t look convinced but his feet started moving.
The ride to Bloomington in Liam’s sleek Mercedes was smooth, but it blasted hot air the entire way.
I was relieved when we arrived and almost managed to get out of the car before he reached me and offered his hand. That blissful breeze hit my skin and I shivered. But that only made him move faster.
Once inside, my mouth fell open.
The building was an old brick structure that still showcased the aged mortar. The ceilings were high, revealing the exposed ductwork and cast iron piping. The single panes of the old windows were held together by lead frames, inset in a grid pattern. And though the floors were shiny, it was obvious from their imperfections that they, too, were original to the building.
The host’s podium near the entrance was most out of place. It looked like it belonged in an old cathedral. A well-stocked bar spanned the back of the open space, while the kitchens were accessible on the right side of the building.
Tables spread out in the center of the room with fine white linens and china adorning their surfaces. Off to the left side of the space looked like small private areas. Walls stood about fifteen feet high before they stopped and opened to the rest of the space.
The host escorted us to one of the private spaces in the back corner. The brick of the two exterior walls ended about four feet up in a wide ledge topped with windows that extended almost up to the ceiling, letting light pour into the space. Rather than sitting at the table, I moved to the ledge to look outside.
It was perfect. Cool and drafty and I shivered, feeling much better after our trip in Liam’s sauna-on-wheels. I closed my eyes and reveled in it.
After a few moments, goosebumps tingled as they bloomed across my body.
“Marcelline,” Liam said and I turned around to look at him. He looked more grim than usual.
My shoulders fell. “Did I do something wrong?”
“No, of course not. You are cold.” He unbuttoned his jacket.
“I’m not cold.”
“Your skin disagrees with you, ma chère.”
As he started to pull his jacket off his shoulders, I sighed in exasperation. My head fell back and I glanced up at the ceiling before I looked at him again. His expression would’ve been funny if I wasn’t so flustered. It looked like a combination of confusion and humor. That just made it worse.
“If I wanted your jacket, I would ask for it, okay?” He let go of his jacket and it settled over his shoulders, but I continued, “Now will you shut up and keep it on your shoulders where it belongs?”
As soon as I said the words, I regretted them. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings for caring about my wellbeing. I sighed, all traces of anger falling away. “Fuck me,” I breathed, “I’m sorry, Liam. I appreciate—” I gasped.
One second, he stood about two yards away from me, listening to me start my apology. And the next, he flashed forward, faster than my eyes could follow, cutting me off by kissing me, hard.
His hands held my face and I cried out into his mouth in combination from the shock and his taste exploding on my tongue.
With the material of his open jacket fisted in both hands, I pulled him closer to me. While he ravaged my mouth, my tongue scraped against his fang and I moaned, hands sliding up to his face.
When his tongue brushed across the scrape, he groaned and pressed forward, bending me back a little.
But then he inhaled and froze.
He pulled back, straightening me before resting his forehead against mine.
Forcing myself to breathe, my head spun. I didn’t feel unease coming from him, but something still made him stop. “It’s okay,” I breathed.
He held on to me for another moment and then fixed his jacket with a small grin. He said, low, “She is here.”
Somehow I felt better that he didn’t stop because he didn’t want to kiss me. Or that he regretted it. Whatever unease he carried with him seemed much less potent than before.
My attention shifted when Beatrice rounded the corner and waved her hand to dismiss the host that trailed behind her. Her dark eyes met mine and I felt something about her, though I wasn’t certain what it was.
But then, she smiled at me.
And her eyes turned white.
Chapter 31



One second, Beatrice’s irises were so dark they were almost black, and the next, everything, even her pupils, disappeared to white.
A sudden rush of fear fell over me and my breath caught in my throat.
Liam reached out and took my hand, lacing his fingers with mine. It pulled my attention away from the woman approaching us. “You are safe,” he said, low, and held on. It helped far more than he knew.
My attention moved back to the woman walking toward us and I forced myself to breathe. Her hair was long, straight, and it was pure white, a stark contrast to her flawless, fair skin, free from wrinkles or dark spots that indicated old age.
I wasn’t certain if she colored her hair like that, or if it was natural, but it was striking.
A long, black dress fell over her curves and its hem brushed against the floor as she walked. The material wasn’t silk, but it still refracted the light. If it wasn’t for those eyes, she would look breathtaking. But with them, she looked intimidating and terrifying at the same time.
When Beatrice stopped, she assessed me. I wasn’t certain how I knew that, since her eyes were blank, but I could feel it. “I see you have found another — what is it you call us? — oh yes, banshee.”
Banshee?
I knew that term from Irish mythology. They were said to be harbingers of death, guardians of graves, and often carried souls of the dead to the Underworld.
How could that be possible?
“I was not certain,” Liam began, “since I have never heard one such as you scream.”
“Ah, but you would not be here if you had not,” she smiled at him.
“I’m a—” I struggled to wrap my head around the concept “—a banshee?”
“Not exactly, child. Over the millennia, those that have encountered us began to associate us with them. But we are not of Irish descent.”
“So what are we, then?” I asked.
“We are descendants from a very old and powerful being. Are you familiar with the term demigod?”
“They were said to be children of the gods that inherited some of their abilities, but it wasn’t something defined by any particular mythology.”
Beatrice nodded. “Mythologies shifted over the centuries in polytheistic cultures, often to suit their needs, but it began as one.”
I understood what she meant, to an extent. “There was often overlap in the stories, especially for the specific actions and abilities of the gods.”
“Very good, child. Most gods were discovered and initially adopted by the Egyptians many thousands of years ago. Their interpretations were the most accurate in terms of who those gods were and their stories.”
My eyes closed as I concentrated on what I remembered from Ancient Egyptian mythology, and which god could relate to a banshee. They snapped open, “Anubis, maybe? But he howled a warning if someone disturbed a grave. He didn’t scream.”
She dipped her head forward. “Correct again. But consider this. Is a canine able to scream, child?”
That was a good point. “I would think a howl would carry more weight than a scream.”
With a nod, she continued, “I do not know how many generations back your connection goes to Anubis, but since Liam has brought you here, your ability to manifest the scream means you must be of a more recent descent.”
“The gods aren’t all dead?”
“No, child, many are still living and they enjoy living as humans and other things from time to time. You may know one of the lesser gods already.” She raised her eyebrows to Liam in question.
He nodded and glanced at me. “Bugs is the son of Sekhmet.”
My eyes widened, “The Sphinx?”
“The very same,” Beatrice nodded.
“When you said he was special, I thought maybe he was some kind of were-cat.”
Liam offered me a small smile, “He is a Sphinx, Marcelline. Quite breathtaking, I assure you.”
“Well this rabbit hole is certainly deep isn’t it?” I shook my head to clear it. There were more important things to focus on. “Do you know how I can control my scream?”
She nodded. “It is a complicated process, child, but not impossible.”
I was still having trouble wrapping my head around the concept that I might be a descendant of the god Anubis, let alone anything else.
“Whatever it is, I’ll do it. I need to stop hurting people I care about.”
Out of my peripheral vision, Liam turned to look at me. I knew why. My wording was deliberate. And though I didn’t say his name, he was the only people I hurt.
Beatrice’s attention shifted to Liam and his focus returned to her. “This child will need support and guidance to help her adjust to the changes she must face. Are you willing to provide that?”
“Yes,” was his answer.
There was no hesitation. Even though he didn’t know what those changes were.
“Very well. This is what you must do,” she began.
As she spoke, my world began to shift.
The entire process consisted of two important actions — completed on a strict timeline. The first of which wasn’t much of an issue. The second part of Beatrice’s otherworldly checklist, to be done three nights later at a different, personally significant location, really threw me.
My personality could change so much that I wouldn’t be me any longer.
While my head spun and my fear grew, Liam explained the events in New Orleans. She said she didn’t know those answers, but the fact that my family used the Tarantula in Voodoo was of particular interest to her. If she suspected something, she didn’t offer it.
Silence stretched on before she spoke to me. “I believe if that man attempts to pursue you further, your ability to control what you are may very well be what will save your life and the lives of your remaining family.”
If nothing else, that was something.
We said our thanks to Beatrice and left.
Despite the lowered temperature in the car, I was still spiraling. After several minutes, Liam asked, “Ma chère, what is wrong?”
“Doesn’t it bother you that I might become a different person?”
Before I realized what he was doing, he pulled off the side of the road, parked, and then his hand reached up to my chin, coaxing me to look at him. “Marcelline, listen to me,” he began once my eyes met his. “Beatrice does not know the strength of your character the way I do. I am not worried.”
“But why?”
“Controlling so much power can be very potent for some and it may change their motivations into a desire for more power or to dominate. Or both. You are familiar with those concepts, are you not?”
Renata was one of those people. Not only did she try to hold all the power, but she also eliminated anyone that threatened it. She felt enjoyment out of the suffering of others, too. “I suppose so.”
He rested his hands on my cheeks for a moment before sliding them back into my hair. His thumbs caressed the sensitive skin in front of my ears. “It may take time to learn to utilize your gifts, but I do not believe it will change anything about who you are.”
My eyes met his, searching. “You really think so?”
He leaned forward and kissed me. It was slow and it was gentle.
And it was over far too soon.
“Yes. I am certain.”
Holy shit. I think I’m in love with you.
The breath I didn’t realize I was holding rushed out of my lungs, and he kept his hold on me. “I have a request if you don’t mind.”
“Anything, ma chére.”
“I want to learn how to defend myself. It feels wrong that I don’t know the first thing about it.”
For several long moments, his gaze searched mine, and I panicked. “You don’t have to teach me. I know you have better things to do—”
He shook his head, cutting me off, “No, Marcelline, I will help you. I would have suggested it if you did not. It could be a matter of life and death.”
I smiled, “So when are we going to do this?”
“Unless you wish to wait, we should complete the first ritual tonight. Tomorrow we can begin training.”
I nodded and lifted my hands to his wrists. “I don’t want to be helpless.” I paused. “And I don’t ever want to hurt you again.”
“Now, what was I saying about strength of character?” he grinned at me.
But I didn’t return it. As his smile began to fade, I breathed, “Thank you, Liam.”
Unease came from him, hitting me like a tidal wave and I pulled away. A flash of hurt crossed his features for an instant before he turned toward the steering wheel.
“No, stop,” I blurted and reached up to his face. “I’m not trying to push you. Don’t do something you’ll regret.”
Those green eyes searched mine for several long moments as he processed my words. At last, he nodded. “Very well, ma chère.”
“Okay,” I smiled back at him and lowered my hand. “Whenever you’re ready, you can take us home.”
His eyes widened at my words.
“Can I call it home?”
He studied my features and said, “Yes, you can.”
And then he flashed forward, pulling me toward him so fast, I didn’t know what was happening. But then he slowed down to let me react as his head dipped to the curve of my neck with a low growl. He kissed me there in the next instant.
I squealed and swatted at him while my traitorous body turned my head to give him access. He let me go, laughing while raising his hands in the universal signal for surrender.
For an instant, I thought he’d stop.
But then his laugh cut off and he wriggled his fingers.
My eyes widened in mock horror and I grinned. “No! Don’t you dare, Liam—” I squealed again as his hands flashed forward and he began tickling me.
Trapped in my seat with the door behind my back, we both knew escape was impossible, but I couldn’t stop squirming around anyway.
After a few agonizing moments, I found my voice again. “Okay,” I cried. “You win.”
His hands rested against my waist while I tried to catch my breath. All the while, he was shaking with suppressed laughter.
“Fuck me, Liam,” I panted and he chuckled. “I don’t know how, but I’m going to pay you back for that.”
He let me go and turned back to the steering wheel, putting the car in drive as he grinned. “I look forward to that.”
Chapter 32



By the time we walked through the front door, my growing dread over the imminent discussion with Sylvie and Theo weighed heavy upon my shoulders. Liam sensed it and stopped before he opened the copper door that led to the underground.
“Marcelline,” he began, the muscles in his jaw working as he regarded me. “Would you prefer if I stay with you while you speak to your cousins?”
I appreciated his question far more than he knew. Instead of answering him, I reached up and hugged him. His arms wrapped around my middle and he dipped his head into the curve of my neck, inhaling my scent.
As much as I didn’t want to leave the safety and comfort of his arms, I couldn’t keep putting off the inevitable. He’d seen enough sadness in his long years and I didn’t want mine to pile upon him as well.
It was, after all, my burden to bear. But I couldn’t tell him that.
My arms tightened and I breathed in that sweet scent of mint as I tried to formulate a response. “I really would, but this is something I should do on my own, Liam. I may not know what that man wanted from me, but my family paid the price for it.”
His cool breath hit the curve of my neck and I shivered as he said, “I will not be far away, then.”
I tried to swallow the sorrow that threatened to devour me whole. “Okay,” was all I could manage to say.
When I kept my grip on him, he breathed, “Whenever you are ready. Not a moment sooner.”
It took me a few minutes to muster the strength to release him and I considered it an accomplishment when I managed to keep the tears from spilling over. I knew they would come. And that I wouldn’t be able to stop them.
After I changed back into the clothes I wore before our trip to Bloomington, Liam walked beside me until I stepped through the doorway to the game room and continued inside. Ethan laughed at something Jessica said but his smile faded when he saw me and a grim resignation passed over his features.
Liam’s soft voice carried through the space. “Jessica, Peter. A moment, please.”
The twins looked up as Peter paused their game on the massive flat-screen television and moved to his feet.
As Jessica walked by, she offered me a warm smile but said nothing. Peter, on the other hand, beamed at me. “Hi, Marcy.”
“Hello handsome,” I smiled at him as he passed.
By the time I looked up at Sylvie and Theo, the concern on their faces was unmistakable.
“I know you’re busy playing, but could we talk for a few minutes?” My gaze flickered up to Ethan, standing to the side. He moved first, leading the way. “Why don’t we sit down, huh?” I asked and lowered myself to my knees in front of them.
The twins dropped to the floor and crossed their legs while Ethan knelt beside them.
“Okay,” I began, “first, this is going to be our home. I don’t know if that’ll be permanent, but I hope so. We’ll figure things out as we go. What do you guys think?”
The twins were already smiling in their excitement. “Yes!” Sylvie cried. “It’s so fun and nice here.”
Theo spoke next, “Yeah, I like it here, too.”
“That’s fine with me,” Ethan said with a nod.
Steeling myself, I sighed, “Second, this is going to be really hard, but I need you to know that it’s just going to be us now.” I scooted a little closer to the twins and reached out with both hands, grasping theirs. “No—” I began and my breath caught in my throat. “No one is coming. Do you understand?”
Sylvie’s grip on my hand tightened, but she said nothing.
“Oh, my littles,” I breathed. “Your mom, sisters — everyone. They—” I took a deep breath. “They all died back in New Orleans.”
That was when the trembling started in Sylvie’s chin. Theo was silent, but I could see the war against his emotions playing across his features.
My eyes flickered to each of my cousins and then moved back to Theo as he took a deep breath. The first of Sylvie’s tears slipped from her eyes.
Theo’s hand gripped my wrist and he squeezed. “Marcy, we guessed as much already. When Nell drove us to that clinic with the grumpy doctor and you were sleeping, Ethan told us that he didn’t think anyone survived.”
Ethan’s voice was shaky when he spoke, “I told them you saved us. That we were lucky. I asked them to try so it wouldn’t be any harder on you.”
The first of my tears fell and splashed to the floor between us. I sniffed, “How—” I stopped, looking back and forth between them.
Sylvie shifted her grip to my wrist like Theo did moments before. “You were really hurt. But you never stopped trying to keep us safe and take care of us. You did the best you could, and we did too.”
“If you knew,” my voice cracked, “you should have told me. You shouldn’t have to keep that all inside.”
“We didn’t,” Theo said. “Not all the time anyway.”
“While you were sleeping, mostly,” Ethan said, answering the question I wanted to ask.
I blinked. “How are you guys not inconsolable now that we’re here?”
It was Sylvie that answered. “They wouldn’t want us to be miserable, Marcy. We have our moments, but we’re trying.”
I searched her hazel eyes, then Theo’s when he nodded in agreement.
Shrugging, Ethan said, “You know me, Marcy. I’m sad, but I’m dealing with it.”
I nodded and then continued. “Back in New Orleans, we knew something was going on, and we were trying to work it out. But we never anticipated what would happen. If I would have known, I—”
Ethan cut me off, “But you didn’t. You were the only one trying to find a way for us to stay safe and make a plan if we needed to run. I don’t care why that man didn’t shoot you. If he did, none of us would have made it out of there, Marcy. It was not your fault—” his voice cracked and he stopped.
“You are all warriors, do you know that?” I met each of their eyes. Then, I breathed, “Come here.”
Holding each other, we grieved together.
“I miss them,” Sylvie said.
“I miss them, too, little bug. I miss them too.”
Chapter 33



After a while, the tears settled. When I released my cousins, I spoke to the twins, knowing that Ethan already knew most, if not all, of what I was about to say.
“I need you guys to keep an open mind for me. You know I practice Voodoo like the rest of our family did, but there are other things you need to know about, too. Supernatural things.
The confusion on their faces made me pause. “Vampires, witches, werewolves, and more. They’re all real.”
Theo blinked. “Yeah, we know, what about them?”
I gaped at them, “How much do you know?”
“Mom used to tell us stories,” Sylvie shrugged.
I nodded. “Okay, now tell me this. Do you know if you’ve met any of these others before?”
The twins shook their heads.
“Well, you have. Quite a few, actually.”
Sylvie’s eyes widened. “Really? Who?”
As I moved through the list of what I knew, glossing over Bugs’s true nature, their eyes glittered with awe. And by the time I finished they were grinning ear to ear.
“You still need to be careful, especially if you see any others that don’t live here. Do you understand?”
“Of course we do, silly,” Sylvie grinned. “They can be dangerous or bad. But,” she shrugged, “anyone can be.”
“You’re exactly right, little bug.” I turned my attention to Theo, “Do you understand?”
“I get it, Marcy. I’ll be careful.”
I glanced at Ethan and he nodded, not showing any signs of surprise at what I said. “Good.”
Before I left, I told them I needed to do something important that night, and that they could do another sleepover if they wanted. Though I knew that Liam was nearby, my nerves were a little too fried to look for him, so I decided instead to head back to the suite.
As I walked, Theo’s cry to Peter, “Dude, you’re a flipping ghost!” traveled to my ears.
I snorted but kept going.
For a time, I attempted to read Aisling’s book in front of the hearth, but I couldn’t focus on the words. Instead, I watched the flames dancing to an unheard melody.
I wasn’t certain how much time passed, but after a while, I heard a light knock on the door. I didn’t need to ask who was on the other side.
“Come in,” I said, suddenly feeling much better.
 The faint scent of sweet mint preceded Liam and he sat down on the Persian rug, facing me. It was strange seeing him sitting on the floor, long legs crossed, with that pristine suit and shiny shoes. “How are you feeling, ma chère?”
“Well, I’m a little frazzled, but it went far better than I expected.”
He nodded, “They are little warriors, indeed.”
I couldn’t help but give him a small smile at his words and nod in agreement.
“Marcelline,” he began, speaking low, “I thought perhaps you would like to know about Lucia.”
“The one you lost?”
“Yes,” he nodded.
Reaching out, I covered Liam’s hand with mine. “I would love to know about her.”
He took his time, telling me how they met, what caught his eye about her. What made him fall in love with her. His tales of his past were animated and so detailed, I felt like I could reach out and touch them.
When he reached the last day he spent with his Lucia, he stopped. The red tinge of tears in his eyes was unmistakable, but it cleared after he took a deep breath.
A tear slipped out of mine instead.
That redness in his eyes returned as sorrow entered his features. “I am sorry if I hurt you. I will take my leave—”
I reached out and grasped his hands as they rested over his calves. “Stop, Liam. You didn’t hurt me. I’m grieving Lucia. It’s not because you loved her then and love her still, but because of who she was. How could I not grieve that?”
His eyes searched mine for a few moments, but I went on. “I really wish I could’ve known her. And you can tell me anything about her, anytime. It is a privilege to hear you speak about her. Don’t ever forget that, okay?”
He nodded but stayed silent.
“I am not trying to rush you or make you decide anything. If you ever decide to move on, it would not mean that you would stop loving her. No one can ever take her place.” Flattening my palm over his heart, I added, “She’s in here.”
Just like you’re in mine.
Then, I moved my hands away, to let him process my words. Those emerald eyes searched mine for several long moments and then his hands reached up to my face and slid back into my hair so his thumbs were in front of my ears.
He kissed me then, like he did in the car on our way back from meeting Beatrice. It was slow. It was gentle. And it held everything he was feeling. I didn’t push him for more and I didn’t touch him. I gave him the control to decide what he wanted at that moment.
When he finished, he leaned his forehead against mine and breathed, “Thank you, ma chère.”
Even though he spoke the words, I could still sense his unease. “Listen to me, Liam.” I leaned my head back to look at him. “It’s okay to miss her. I could never be upset with you for that. I miss her too.”
It looked like he wanted to say a thousand different things all at once as his eyes continued to search mine. I wasn’t certain if he was looking for sincerity or just processing everything I said.
At last, he spoke, “Very well.”
His gaze dropped from my eyes to my mouth and just as I thought he was going to kiss me, my stomach growled.
I snorted and dropped my head forward.
He pressed his face into my hair and inhaled. “Come,” he said as he stood. “You must eat before we begin.”
Chapter 34



It didn’t escape my notice that while I was in Liam’s presence, my nerves seemed to settle far better than they ever could on their own. Even though my hand was hooked under his elbow, it was nice to be so close to him as we walked in amicable silence.
My stomach, on the other hand, snarled like a rabid animal. Though he didn’t comment on it, I could see his lips twitching when those grumbling noises escaped me.
Zoe, Angela, Salvatore, Vlad, and another man I didn’t yet know were gathered at the kitchen’s massive table as we entered. The vampire was part of the group that greeted my cousins and me when we arrived at the house.
Disheveled and short dark brown hair stuck out in random places over his head and he was either neglecting a razor or he was trying to grow a beard around his goatee. As he looked up at us, he grinned and those vivid blue eyes of his flashed against the light in the room.
For a vampire, he looked rather young, around my age. Without that weight in his gaze that spoke to centuries of life, it made him seem more like the age he appeared to be.
“Marcelline,” Liam said as he stopped and lowered his arm, “allow me to introduce you to my son, Tobias.”
I wasn’t certain if he meant biological son, or that he made him a vampire. Or both, like Vlad did with him.
The vampire in question stood and moved in a blur, too fast for my eyes to follow. I flinched as he stopped right in front of me, flashing me a smile as he shook with suppressed laughter. “Jumpy, isn’t she?”
“Sorry,” I muttered. And then I extended my hand to him. “I’m Marcelline, but most people call me Marcy.”
He stood around the same height as Liam. And despite his athletic, muscular physique when he became a vampire, he wasn’t built for war like Liam or Vlad. “A pleasure,” he said, taking my hand, that twinge of humor still shimmering in his eyes — the same shade, I realized, as Vlad’s.
“And by son, you mean biological, right?”
Tobias answered, “Yep.”
“I’m sorry, but you don’t seem old enough to be five-hundred-years-old.” It was hard to imagine Liam and Vlad were both older than that.
“Hmm, observant, too.”
“Thanks?” I wasn’t certain what to make of that.
“You see,” Tobias began, grinning, “when a man and woman enjoy each other’s company, they—”
When I snorted, he stopped. I shook my head, “I don’t need a biology lesson. I know how sex works.”
I thought I heard a wheeze come from Vlad, but I couldn’t be certain.
While Tobias continued to look at me with a sly grin, nervousness formed a lump in my stomach. “Um, what am I missing here?”
Angela spoke from her place at the table with a small chuckle. “Tobias likes messing with people.” Then she shrugged, “You get used to it.”
“I figured as much. But I meant what am I missing about Tobias being Liam’s son?”
“Allow me to explain, Marcelline,” Vlad offered, approaching to stand next to the younger vampire. “I was human when Liam was born, and I later sired him as a vampire. Liam did not have Tobias until much later.”
A small smile spread across my face. “Vampires can have kids?”
“It’s a bit complicated, but yes,” Tobias said.
My head was spinning at what I just learned. “I don’t mean to offend anyone, but, aren’t vampires frozen how they were when they turned?”
“Yes, but we don’t turn to stone, Marcy,” Tobias said.
My lips twitched, “I wasn’t insinuating that you turn into gargoyles or — never mind.”
“Sparkle?” Angela offered and Zoe snorted.
“I wasn’t going to say that, but yeah.”
“Marcelline,” Liam began, but Tobias held up a finger.
“No, let’s see if she can figure this out on her own. We all know you won’t give her a straight explanation anyway.”
A growl rumbled deep in Liam’s chest.
Tobias’s grin widened, ignoring the warning. “Marcy, please continue.”
Out of my peripheral vision, Salvatore shook with laughter. He kept it low, but I still heard a little of it. Angela elbowed him and he grinned at her.
I chewed on my lip for a moment. “First of all, I refuse to say you’re undead—” my nose wrinkled in my distaste of the label, and Vlad’s eyebrows raised at my words.
Though I wasn’t certain what I said that caused his reaction, I continued, “You aren’t really frozen either, you just don’t age. You still breathe, and your hearts still beat, but not often. I’m not an expert in biology, but I’m guessing that’s why you don’t generate body heat. Everything else — your senses, agility, and speed — it’s all enhanced to make you better predators.”
“You’re on the right track, keep going,” Tobias urged.
Fuck me, this is going to get awkward.
Remembering what happened that morning, I tried to cover my embarrassment and the sudden rush of desire over the memory. Tobias’s grin widened and I knew I failed.
Well, shit.
“Because you’re alive—” I cleared my throat “—everything is still functional, I suppose. But,” I shook my head, “if you don’t age, I don’t see how a vampire can carry a child.”
“And there it is,” Tobias clapped once in triumph, a wide smile on his face.
I smiled, but not because of his reaction. “Males can conceive, females can’t. So, your mother was human. Does that make you half-vampire, then, or did Liam turn you?”
“That’s the complicated part,” Tobias began. “When a vampire’s child reaches the end of puberty, they turn on their own.”
Not certain what else to say, I smiled. “Okay.” And then I grinned. “Mazel tov, I guess.”
In answer, Tobias snorted. Then he looked at Liam, “She’s a smart one, isn’t she?” But he didn’t wait for a response. He turned to Vlad and clapped his hand on the vampire’s shoulder. “Come on Pops, I’ll race you in the obstacle course.”
Vlad grinned at him, but it looked more like a show of teeth. “I will wipe the floor with you, boy.”
As they left, my stomach growled in protest and Tobias laughed but kept walking.
“Ugh,” I groaned, eyeing the large pot sitting on the range, “whatever that is, it smells wonderful.”
Angela smiled, “Aisling made it. Help yourself. There are some plates and forks by the pot.”
While I fixed our plates, Liam explained what we were going to do after we finished eating. Then he asked Zoe if she would help.
Her eyes widened, “Wouldn’t you prefer Aisling or Connor to do that?”
“They are,” he paused, lips twitching, “indisposed at the moment.”
Salvatore snorted and Angela elbowed him again. “Ow,” he breathed, shaking with suppressed laughter.
Pretending she didn’t hear the werewolf, Angela looked up at me and asked, “Do you mind if I join you? I’d like to observe and add some notes to the vault.” Being a Guardian of Information suited her well. But she wasn’t neutral. She was helping her friends. I admired that about her.
I shook my head, “I don’t mind.” Taking my first bite, my taste buds sang their praises. “This is really good. What is it?” Though it looked more like Mexican spaghetti than an Italian version, it still tasted like heaven.
“It’s called Gramma’s Spaghetti,” Angela said with a smile. “Aisling’s grandmother created the recipe and Aisling makes it from time to time. Here,” she pushed a bottle of hot sauce toward me. “If you like your food a little spicier, try that.”
About half an hour later, Salvatore went to the game room to play with the kids while Liam led us toward our destination. Not too far behind the house, I felt the barrier that surrounded it as we crossed through, but it was more of a passing sensation since we were leaving rather than trying to enter its boundary.
Zoe, Angela, and I chatted, our low voices carrying with the hooting of owls on the gentle wind. The moon shone from above, casting a faint blue light through the canopy of trees and it offered just enough illumination so I didn’t feel like I was walking blind.
We walked a trail into the woods for a few minutes and came upon a small pond with a tiny stretch of beach. Moonlight bounced off the gentle surface and twinkled as it danced, lighting up the trees that surrounded it like swarms of fireflies hovered there.
It took my breath away and I understood why Liam picked that spot.
“Okay,” Zoe began as I stood at the edge of the water. “Are you ready?”
“As I’ll ever be, I suppose.”
“To start, look up at the moon and then close your eyes. Then repeat the incantation exactly how I said it. By the time you finish, you should feel magic flow through you.”
As instructed, I stood as if I was sunning on a warm spring day, cocooned in that pale blue luminescence. “In the divine light of the night, I call upon you, Goddess Moon. Grant me your gift so that I may carry out your magnificence. Grant me your power so that I may honor you for all the days of my life.”
That was when I felt something. It was almost electric, but not at all uncomfortable. As if I stood beneath an invisible, warm rain shower. It impacted my skin, and I absorbed the droplets like I was nothing more than a sponge.
Goosebumps tingled as they bloomed across my whole body and I shivered.
That invisible rain stopped, and my legs fell out from under me.
Just before I hit the ground, there was a strange sensation. Like a tidal wave built within me and yet, all around me at the same time. It was odd, reminding me of how it felt when that laced dagger slipped through my skin and into my abdomen back in New Orleans.
In the next instant, I felt something else emerge, growing stronger. Like a giant rubber band wrapped itself around my waist and pulled me backward. I didn’t know what it was. But as that strange sensation continued to grow, I caught the faintest whiff of sweet mint, raspberry, and vanilla.
As that strange tidal wave erupted out of me like a sonic boom, everything went black.
Chapter 35



I was surrounded by an oblivion of darkness, but yet I felt the cool air against my skin as I flew through it. I didn’t know if I was being pulled or if I was sailing aimlessly.
Everything around me felt wrong.
Before I could worry about that, I impacted water and it enveloped me in the next instant. I tried to swim back in the opposite direction, to break for the surface, but whatever it was, it dragged me deeper into that abyss.
It wasn’t the rubber band that sprang to life moments before. That disappeared as soon as that oblivion wrapped me in its embrace.
It was something else.
There wasn’t time to react or take a breath. My lungs screamed at me from the sudden impact of the water and the pressure increased in my head. I wasn’t certain if it was the weight of the water as I sank deeper or if it was from the lack of oxygen. Or both.
But I knew one thing.
In a matter of moments, I would be dead.
As my reflex kicked in and I inhaled that liquid, suddenly, everything fell away.
One second, I was drowning, and the next, I stood, completely dry in a small intersection of buildings that I didn’t recognize. The whole area around me was off. Even though it was around dusk, like someone rewound time, I couldn’t pinpoint where the sun was in the sky.
Everything was awash in sepia tones from the dying light of the day, and everything I could see looked long abandoned. Window panes were caked with dust and trash skipped across the pavement alongside pebbles and tiny rocks.
The building façades looked as if years of weather broke them down. Wood was cracked and peeling. Bricks were crumbling around their mortared edges.
I didn’t know how I ended up there or why.
My best guess was that something went wrong with the incantation that was supposed to make me a witch. Zoe would have mentioned if something like that would happen. Or, maybe, I didn’t say the incantation right.
That rubber band I sensed before my journey through the deep, watery oblivion sprang back to life, pulling me toward the left, but I didn’t know what that meant. It was faint, but it was there.
My eyes slid closed and I dropped into the astral plane, letting Astral float up in the air to look around as if she was a helium balloon. All she saw around us were nondescript buildings, intersections of alleyways, and small roads. I thought she saw an opening between buildings, like a plaza, with an empty fountain at its center, but it was a little too far to tell.
No people were walking or milling about. No birds chirping or clouds drifting across the sky.
It was utterly, unnervingly silent.
Dead.
That terrified me.
Astral snapped back to my body and I opened my eyes.
I yelped and jumped about three feet in the air from the sudden rush of fear that washed over me.
Two yards in front of me stood a young woman. It wasn’t her sudden appearance when I opened my eyes that scared me, though I never heard her approach. It was her.
Through her filmy visage, I saw that the ghost’s clothes were worn, ripped, or shredded in places. Her blonde hair stood on end and looked like it hadn’t been washed for weeks. On her forehead, above her left eye was a bullet wound that left a trail of dried blood down her face.
The flesh of her other cheek was shredded. Similar to Peter’s. But that wasn’t all.
On her chest, just below her collar bone, a wavy cross was carved into her flesh. Above it, her throat was slashed. She stood there, unmoving, with her broken ankle jutting out to the side.
While I gaped, that rubber band tightened, and though its strengthening pull shifted around a little, it wasn’t uncomfortable.
From the same direction, I saw a blur of motion before Liam stopped beside me. Despite feeling like that rubber band was about to snap from the intensity of its pull, it stopped moving.
But I couldn’t tear my attention away from the poor girl. Whatever happened to her made my heart sink in my chest. No one deserved to experience anything like that.
Liam’s hand rested on my lower back. “This is Emma. She is not going to hurt you, ma chère.”
I figured as much already, but I was too distraught to explain why I was afraid.
Either way, I felt better with him there.
For better or worse, even though I only woke up in the infirmary four days before, I knew how I felt. Like I’d known him my whole life, instead of only sensing him in my dreams up to the point Renata Crane was killed. I knew, whatever the future brought, I wanted to experience it with him by my side.
Inhaling a jagged breath, I tried to ease my nerves. Seeing Emma like that made me feel like the world was ending.
Liam’s head dipped to the side like he was listening to something. But he stayed silent.
“What is happening?” I breathed, knowing he could still hear me. Without waiting for him to respond, I spoke to Emma, in nothing more than a whisper, “What happened to you?”
Her pale gaze flickered to Liam and then back to me. “I died,” was her answer. Just like Peter when he spoke, her mouth didn’t move. I wasn’t surprised, but it was still unnerving. More than that was her blunt answer.
I wanted to fling a series of apologies at her, but she spoke. “I made peace with it.”
“Where are we?” I asked.
It was Emma that replied. “This is the Spirit Realm.” Her expression was puzzled and the way she said it made it sound like I was a child that forgot about my favorite toy.
Before I could say anything else, Angela and Zoe stepped into view and walked toward us.
Chapter 36



Confusion was written across Zoe’s features, but she didn’t seem quite as clueless. But that wasn’t what caught my eye.
Around her was a hazy, purple glow. I watched as it danced with little intermittent sparks of gray, wondering what it was and why I was seeing it in that strange place. Something tugged at my memory, but there was too much going on to catch it.
“I don’t know what happened,” Angela began, her voice more of a growl than anything else. “Something pushed us here, but I’ve never felt anything like it before.”
Though I was confused, to say the least, her words reassured me by a fraction. Whatever was going on, it wasn’t part of the binding that made me a witch. Or something I did wrong.
“It felt like the dagger,” I paused. “Or, rather, the potion that coated it.”
Angela’s eyes widened. “Oh fuck,” she breathed and then, in a stronger voice, “Liam, time to go. Now.”
She took a step forward and her eyes closed as she took his free hand.
Like someone flipped a switch, he disappeared.
Though I wasn’t entirely surprised that Angela was more than a non-neutral Guardian of Information, I couldn’t wrap my head around what I just witnessed. But, almost as soon as the thought crossed my mind, I forgot about it as I gasped and moved my hand to my abdomen.
Angela’s eyes opened. “What’s wrong, Marcy?”
“I-I don’t know,” I stammered. “It felt like there was this invisible rubber band and then it just … snapped.”
“A rubber band?”
“I don’t know how else to describe it. Why? What does that mean?”
Her eyes flickered to Zoe and then back at me. ”Okay, I need to send you back now. We don’t have a lot of time. It’s going to feel weird, but trust me when I say you can breathe, got it?”
“I guess.”
She reached for me and her warm hand contacted my skin. Then, her eyes closed.
It felt like something reached out and snatched me from behind, hurtling me backward. Everything was black once more and the fear returned. But I reminded myself that I was going back where I belonged.
When my back impacted the water, it hit me so hard, it knocked the wind out of me. Once I was fully submerged, still being dragged downward, my lungs started to scream as they adjusted to the complete lack of air.
I remembered Angela’s words. You can breathe.
When my lungs figured out how to inhale again, I gasped on reflex. As promised, the water didn’t rush into my lungs to drown me. Confusion didn’t begin to cover what I felt over everything that happened after I bound to the moon. But before I could try to analyze any of it, my world sprang back to life.
The first thing I saw was the moon above me, it didn’t drift much across the sky, so I didn’t think we were gone for long. But then I realized that the rubber band was back again.
What is that?
There was a sharp sound of an impact and a grunt followed immediately after.
The sound of fighting.
I tried to sit up, but my body didn’t move. Panic rose in me as I struggled against invisible shackles that prevented my brain from communicating with my body. “No,” I gritted.
My head lifted off the cool ground. Nothing else moved, but at least it would allow me to look around a little.
Liam stood, his back facing me, legs bent and spread, arms in front of him.
My stomach dropped as I realized what he was doing.
It was a defensive position and he was trying to keep Angela, Zoe, and me safe while we were incapacitated. Whoever the man was that challenged Liam was shrouded in too much darkness for me to make out his features, but I saw enough.
He moved just as fast as Liam, blurring and slowing as they parried. And he knew how to handle himself in a fight. Even in darkness, the blueish gleam of his teeth and fangs as he bared them was striking. As if the moon was a black light. He hissed at Liam before blurring into motion again.
Another flash of light, this time from something in the stranger’s hand, refracted off the shimmering moonlight from the pond.
It was a dagger.
Liam pivoted when the man lunged, leaving a small opening. The stranger flashed toward the three of us, still defenseless on the ground, while Liam rushed to protect us. But the vampire whirled, arcing the dagger out in front of him. It sliced through Liam’s suit jacket and shirt beneath, cutting a long, deep gash across his chest.
But then I watched in horror as the man pulled a small revolver out of his pocket and pointed it right at Liam.
“Get out of the way,” I cried, but it was too late.
The sound of a firecracker registered to my ears.
Liam looked down as his heart exploded from his chest.
Chapter 37



I couldn’t move, but my voice still worked. It was the only thing I could do.
As Liam’s body impacted the ground, a scream erupted from my throat and the sheer force of it lifted me into a seated position, my spine arcing backward a little in the process. I sent a silent prayer to anything and everything, hoping my scream would spare Liam, Angela, and Zoe. The reverberations of the sound rippled through me as I watched the attacker.
If there was anything I could do to save Liam, I would do it. But I needed to deal with that man first.
As the first trail of blood seeped from his ear, my scream increased in volume, forcing more blood to pour from him. His nose expelled so much that it looked like a macabre faucet running straight out of a Stephen King movie.
Then his mouth bubbled open, dripping more crimson before his eyes widened so far I thought his eyelids were going to rip apart. Tears spilled down his face, but they weren’t normal vampire tears with a little blood mixed with the saline. It was all blood.
That sound continued to ripple out of me with those strange shockwaves until his head exploded from his shoulders, sending bits of scalp, skull, and brain around him.
My scream cut off and I scrambled to my feet, moving as fast as I could.
That rubber band tugged me in the direction I needed to go, but I ignored it.
The last thing any of us needed was that vampire to somehow heal himself enough to finish what he started. Grabbing the dagger that rested beside his body, I felt that strange energy coming from the blade and realized that it, too, was coated in the same potion.
My arms lifted and, as hard as I could, I stabbed the vampire in the heart. To my surprise, the dagger pierced his chest to the hilt. I twisted the blade, shredding his heart. If it tried to heal itself, it would at least slow down the regeneration.
Hopefully.
Moving to my feet, I scrambled toward Liam. Thick, black blood pooled inside the open chasm within his chest and he was still. There was no trace of his heart left behind. If he wasn’t dead, he would be.
Please, don’t die.
I dropped to my knees next to him and picked up a small rock, ignoring the sensation that the rubber band was ready to snap once again. Whatever it was, that was the least of my concerns.
Tears spilled from my eyes as my hands shook from the panic coursing through me.
Please, don’t die. I can’t do this without you.
No matter how terrified I was, I couldn’t stop. Liam didn’t have time for me to hesitate. I sliced the rock’s sharp edge down the center of my inner forearm as it hovered over his chest.
I cried out from the intensity of the pain as blood rushed out of my arm and spilled down, dripping into that wide opening where his heart should’ve been. “Please,” I gritted as more desperate tears fell. “Don’t die.”
My whole body shuddered from the intensity of my grief that I might’ve lost him forever. So soon after I found him. The agony threatened to pull me under into a pit of despair that would swallow me whole. But until I knew for certain he was gone, I couldn’t stop trying.
I gasped when Liam took a breath. It was jagged, but it was there. He was alive and hope flared in my chest at the realization that I might be able to save him after all.
His jaw moved and he turned his head. I scooted closer and rested my open wrist over his chest so my blood would continue pouring into the opening. I cradled the back of his head with my free hand and lifted him toward my outstretched neck.
“Please, Liam. You need more blood.”
I felt him inhale as his cool lips touched the side of my throat.
Then he opened his mouth and sank his fangs into my artery.
I hissed, but what I felt wasn’t pain. Despite being mostly unconscious, he wasn’t aggressive with his bite. If I wasn’t a jumble of frantic nerves and grief, that sensation would be enjoyable.
That didn’t matter. I would be content with never so much as kissing him again in my life. As long as he was alive, I could handle it.
A gasp escaped me when he pulled, drawing more blood from my neck and I heard a moan, low and throaty, rumble through him.
When my arm grew too weak to hold his head, I planted my palm against the ground to hold myself upright a little longer. His head didn’t fall and his warm hand moved to the back of my neck, holding me steady. I shivered at the contact against my skin.
He took another deep pull and blackness started filling my vision.
“It’s okay, Liam,” I whispered. “You’re okay.” I knew he was draining me. And I knew the weight of my death would remain with him for the rest of his days, but I hoped he knew I couldn’t let him die.
He was far too important to me, the Earthen, and the people in his home. At the very least, I hoped that he would take care of my cousins and help them as they mourned me.
Slumping against him, he held me up and kept his mouth on my neck.
I tried to tell him I loved him. But I couldn’t remember how to move my lips.
Something moved from behind me. Then a shriek sounded across my ears. It was Angela. “Liam, you’re draining Marcy!” Even though she spoke, I didn’t comprehend the words. They were only sounds to my ears.
My whole world shifted and the pressure of something pressed against my neck pulled away. A voice I knew from somewhere passed over my body like a caress, but I didn’t know what it said. It sounded like a name.
And then I slipped away.
Chapter 38
Liam



That taste on my tongue was unlike anything I experienced before and I never wanted to stop tasting it. The heartbeat pulsing against my lips was slowing down. As I inhaled, sage and orange citrus filled my lungs, a heady combination of scents that I enjoyed far more than I thought possible in my centuries of life.
“Liam, you’re draining Marcy!” was the first thing I heard.
My eyes opened. Angela stood above me and I remembered.
Wrenching my mouth away from Marcelline’s neck, I sat up. Her heart rate was too slow.
What did she do?
“No, Marcelline,” I said as I cradled her against me and sank my fangs into my wrist. I tore at it, opening more for her. Then I clamped the shredded flesh over her mouth, letting my blood pour.
From what I could see, aside from the two marks on her neck from my fangs, there was a long gash in her inner forearm.
Why?
When her mouth filled, she swallowed, but she still needed more blood. I kept my hand where it was. I listened to her breathing and counted the time between every heartbeat.
Slowly, it sped up.
“You are alright, Marcelline,” I said, not knowing if she would hear me through her unconsciousness. “Just drink.” She swallowed again and a small wave of joy washed over me.
Angela stayed where she was, listening. Once she was satisfied Marcelline would survive, she took a step closer, slower than necessary to not startle me. “Liam, listen to me, when we were in the Spirit Realm, she reacted when I sent you back. She said it felt like a rubber band snapped.”
I exhaled, not ready for that conversation. “I know,” I gritted. As soon as Marcelline bound to the moon, I felt it spring into existence.
My ears picked up the sounds of others moving our way.
At her third swallow, my torn flesh healed and I moved my wrist away from Marcelline’s mouth. A quick glance at her neck revealed no signs of my bite, and the long slash in her forearm was sealed, leaving no signs it was ever there.
Her eyes fluttered, but she was not conscious yet.
Vlad and Tobias reached us first, with Aisling, Connor, and Salvatore right behind them. Zoe sat up and staggered to her feet. She swayed but managed to catch herself before my father could steady her.
While their faces all betrayed their confusion over what they were seeing, the auras swirling around some of them told me more about what they felt at that moment.
Though the undead did not cast an aura, due to blurring the lines of life and death, with a few exceptions, others did. Since Angela was something else, she did not cast one either. The auras of everyone else betrayed their uncertainty and fear with hazy streaks of green and gray moving through them.
Salvatore stepped closer to Angela, checking her for signs of damage before his hazel eyes settled on me. “What the hell happened?”
When I did not answer, Angela explained what she could. “Marcy did the binding — I’ll explain everything later, Aisling,” she promised, with a quick glance at her best friend. “We were knocked into the Spirit Realm, so I sent Liam back first, then Marcy. Once I was able to move, I stopped Liam from killing her.”
I clenched my jaw. There was more she did not know. “He used a gun like Marcelline described from New Orleans. After the bullet exploded, I fell, and she screamed. When I became aware, I was drinking her blood. She sliced her wrist to repair my heart faster.”
“Marcy made his head explode?” Connor’s eyebrows rose, his aura shifted to orange as he absorbed the information, indicating his amazement.
“I have no other explanation.”
“But why was she giving you so much blood?” Aisling asked.
Vlad answered for me. “She did not know that his wound was not fatal.”
“She said she didn’t need a biology lesson,” Tobias said, shaking his head. “I shouldn’t have listened.”
A low growl rumbled in my chest.
My son shrugged, ignoring the threat, “It’s true.”
“That is enough, Tobias,” I began. “Tell everyone what happened. The ones responsible for New Orleans know where Marcelline and her cousins are. No one is to leave the barrier unless they are in groups. Understood?”
“Yes,” Tobias said, his expression unconvinced, but he did not press me.
Wise of him.
Marcelline’s eyes fluttered open again and a soft moan escaped her. Like she was waking from a deep sleep. Her new aura glittered with color. Bits of gray peppered among little glowing embers of white, and dark blue snuck in like raindrops. But most of all, it was pink. Fear, hope, and sadness, all contending with the pink.
I did not want to define that one.
Not yet.
“Leave us, and set a perimeter until we return.”
Except for Aisling, Connor, and Zoe, everyone melted away into the night, their sounds no louder than a small animal scurrying across the frozen ground.
As Marcelline’s eyes fluttered open once more, they were unfocused, but they stayed open as she blinked. Those honeyed brown eyes focused at last and met mine. The added colors in her aura evaporated as the pink deepened closer to red.
Seeing her aura as she regarded me was not helping my predicament. That tugging sensation only added fuel to those flames. I was struggling to come to terms with what that meant for both of us.
That left me facing a decision that I could not delay nor deny. I did not know how to decide without feeling some form of remorse.
Her eyes searched mine and I waited.
“You’re alive,” she breathed.
“But of course I am alive, ma chère.”
She shivered and my thoughts shifted to her comfort. The cold ground and my lack of body heat were no doubt making her uncomfortable. After what happened, I would rather she were angry with me than risk any damage the cold might do to her.
But then her lip trembled, and I realized her shiver was not related to her temperature.
I sat her up and pulled her close, holding her as she clung to my ruined jacket and cried. Every time she breathed in, her aura brightened for an instant before dulling back to that deep pink.
Around its edges, a fearful cloud of gray snuck in and hung around her.
That, I could understand.
If Angela had not roused me, I would have killed her and the mere thought of that was too much to bear.
“You almost died,” she breathed and I felt a tingle run down my spine at her words. Behind them, I felt a weight of something she did not want to say.
“Marcelline,” I cooed. “You are the one that almost died. I was draining you. I am so sorry.”
She leaned back enough to look up at me in confusion. “But, your heart was gone.”
I shook my head. “A vampire will die only from decapitation. If he left me afterward, I would have been unconscious for an hour or so while my heart and chest rebuilt. However, I do not think he intended to leave me. Your scream stopped him. You saved my life, ma chère. But you did not need to give me your blood.”
Tears filled her eyes once more, and before they could fall, she lowered her head back to my chest and exhaled. It sent a shiver through me, but she did not seem to notice.
Her grip tightened on the material of my jacket and I held her closer. “You can’t die,” she breathed. “You can’t die.”
“I am here, Marcelline.”
Chapter 39
Marcelline



Before I could sleep, I showered. The lukewarm water elicited a soft sigh from me as my mind continued to whirl. Even though Liam explained that his exploded heart wouldn’t kill him, I still remembered how I felt in those long, agonizing moments when I didn’t know if he’d survive.
I knew losing him would break me. And I knew my heart.
There was never any going back for me. It didn’t matter how fast I fell for him, or if he’d ever want to be with me after he lost his Lucia. But just thinking about his death was enough to make me feel like my world was ending. I couldn’t imagine the agony of living in a world without him.
I wouldn’t survive it. That much was certain.
Sucking in a shaky breath, I washed away the evidence of the evening and reminded myself that Liam was alive.
Dressed in my new favorite pajamas — the silk pants and sporty tank top, I set the pouch and Tarantula on the dresser. To say that I was tired was an understatement. I went straight to the far side of the bed, crawled under the creamy, warm velvet blanket, and drifted away.
As my favorite dream began, it wasn’t as I remembered it.
Despite seeing no signs of the moon, there was a hazy blue glow illuminating the empty street around me. A misty fog hung in the air and it made my skin feel damp as the breeze passed over me.
The silk of my long, white nightgown brushed across my flesh, and those tingling goosebumps bloomed. The breeze moved over me and my hair practically levitated.
Weightless in the air.
I caught the scent of that sweet mint and, though I couldn’t yet see him, even with the limited light, I knew Liam was there.
The flame in that familiar, ornate light pole flickered to life, dancing around within those panes. It lit up the whole area with an orange-yellow glow.
That was when he stepped into view.
But he was no longer silhouetted in darkness. I could see him and he was just as captivating to me. He stood there, not a hair out of place on his head, nor wrinkle in his suit. He didn’t move, and he didn’t speak.
But those piercing, emerald green eyes locked with mine.
After several long moments, his eyes began to travel. A shiver passed through me when I felt it. Like it was his cool fingertips brushing my skin and not his gaze as it roamed. A soft sigh escaped from me at the sensation running down my jaw.
It curved down my neck and over my shoulder, making my whole body tingle. Those green eyes passed over the lace on my arm down to my hand before moving up the other side.
His gaze traveled across my collar bone next and began a descent down the center of my chest. The heat in his gaze was unmistakable as it slid over my breast and circled my nipple with agonizing slowness.
A breathy sigh crawled up my throat and I thought I saw the corners of his mouth curve up slightly before his gaze continued to my other breast. That time, I hissed, the ache more than I could bear.
When his eyes drifted downward, they lingered over the spot where the dagger entered my body, and it almost felt like a caress there, as if he was erasing the memory and replacing it with something else. Something more powerful. I liked that far more than I thought I would.
In answer, he grinned before his gaze began moving down once more.
When the sensation reached the apex of my thighs, I moaned with anticipation.
But then everything fell away.
Several long moments passed before a warm light sprang to life and, after blinking to adjust to it, I marveled at what I was seeing.
It wasn’t hazy and nondescript like everything was obscured behind thick, unyielding clouds.
It was clear.
Torches adorned the walls every few yards, casting a gentle, flickering glow through the space. The walls were constructed out of stone by master masons. Deep hued, solid wood furniture was spaced out, yet still intimate. In the far corner, a round mahogany table sat with three chairs.
Liam sat in one, looking at a woman sitting to his side.
I watched his green eyes pass over her features as she spoke to him in a low voice. His smile was unguarded. And her expression told me she loved him as much as he loved her.
It was Lucia.
Her strawberry-blonde hair glimmered like it was spun from silk. Even though she was a vampire, her skin, while she was human, was so fair it was almost white. A few freckles on her cheeks added a little blush to her features.
Tears burned in my eyes.
From Liam’s words, she was a force of nature, but seeing her there said more than his descriptions ever could. She was unguarded yet fierce. Soft but still capable of wielding the broadsword hanging on the chair behind her.
I could hear the cadence of her voice, not well enough to know what she said that made him laugh, but enough to know she could sing like an angel or call out a battle cry to make the bravest soldiers tremble in their boots.
Grief fell over me at the knowledge that I would never meet her. If I ever did, I would thank her for giving Liam happiness and helping shape the man he was then, as well as in my time. I would tell her that she was the kind of woman I admired growing up and the reason I was so drawn to history.
It didn’t happen often in those bygone eras, but every once in a while, a woman would make lesser men look like fools in her presence. She was, without a doubt, one of those women. For everything she was, she was my heroine.
Chapter 40



Beneath the warm sunlight, Liam and I walked along the trail at Strahl Lake. His cool hand squeezed mine and I smiled up at him. Those green eyes looked down at me and my heart melted at the sight.
Fuck me, I adore this man.
I lived for little moments like that. The two of us, together, eyes saying far more than words ever could. I wanted to tell him I loved him, knowing it wouldn’t come close to what I really felt for him, but I knew it was far too soon.
A flash of light pulled my attention from him and my stomach dropped.
Off in the distance, the shooter sneered with that same hatred written in his features, with his gun raised and ready. A rush of panic washed over me as I realized what he planned.
Before my heart could beat again, the sound of a firecracker registered to my ears and then my horrified eyes watched the devastation as that bullet exploded. For several heartbreaking moments, my world slowed to a crawl. Blood, bone, and even brain matter went flying as Liam’s body fell into me. With no time to react, his weight knocked me over, taking me with him.
And I knew.
There was nothing left of Liam’s head to repair itself.
He was dead.
Lightning flashed behind my eyes as I impacted the ground so hard, it felt like my face was struck with a sledgehammer. One second, there were streaks of light, and the next, they flickered out of existence, leaving me with nothing but an unrelenting, unforgiving blackness.
But that was a good thing. I couldn’t bear to see what was left of the man I loved. I already saw more than enough.
The shooter took Liam away from me faster than either of us could react and I began to wail from the enormity of that loss. Feeling the bullet explode in my chest would’ve hurt less than knowing the man I loved was dead.
“No,” I cried, not caring about the physical pain that radiated through my face. The pain of losing him was far worse. “Liam,” I breathed in agony.
That was when the shooter reached me and I forced myself to stay still. If he wanted me to die, I wouldn’t fight him. It was hard enough to lose most of my family. But Liam stole my heart so completely, my future was forever entwined with his. I never felt anything stronger.
“Just kill me, please,” I whimpered, but then something pressed against my mouth.
The sweetness of Liam’s blood exploded on my tongue and, against my brain’s wishes, I swallowed. At first, I didn’t know what the shooter planned, but then pain flared in my face as I healed and realization hit me.
He wanted me to see the devastation. I forced my eyes closed, unable to bear it. Torture didn’t begin to cover what I felt in those long moments.
“Marcelline!” Liam’s voice slid over me and I whimpered again. Something cold touched my face in the next instant. I jumped from its intensity, and my eyes opened on reflex.
I froze, realizing I wasn’t where I was supposed to be.
The space around me was dim but I still recognized it. Beneath Liam’s home, in the suite I shared with my cousins, he was there. Right in front of me.
It didn’t matter where I was. Liam was there, his cool hands holding my cheeks. A fresh pair of pants clung to him while his white shirt was left unbuttoned, revealing the pale flesh of his muscled torso as he knelt beside me on the floor, looking down with concern.
“Marcelline,” he said, low. “You are safe.”
“You—” my voice cracked. “You’re alive?” I cried, and a sob hitched in my throat.
My world blurred as he lifted me back to the bed. He sat beside me and I threw my arms around his strong shoulders, sobbing. His arms held me firm and I shuddered, too frazzled from the intensity of that grief to calm down.
“You were dead, Liam,” I cried breathlessly. “Your head—” I stopped and sucked in a breath. “I watched you die.”
“I am here,” he breathed into the top of my shoulder. My hands covered the back of his neck so I could feel his skin. He was really there. He was alive.
“You were dead,” I repeated.
His arms released me and he pulled back. Though I didn’t let him go — it felt like if I did, he would disappear — I didn’t resist. My hands rested at the sides of his neck and held on as I continued to shudder.  His green eyes met mine as his cool thumbs wiped away my tears, still flowing from me.
“Marcelline,” he began in a whisper. Then, normally, he said, “I am here. I am alive.”
My head fell forward with another sob and fresh tears slipped down my cheeks.
In those long, torturous moments in my nightmare, all I wanted was to follow after him. Because living on would be unbearable. I couldn’t fathom the amount of pain he felt when he lost his Lucia and all the years since.
“Ma chère, look at me, please.”
I lifted my head and more tears fell, but I forced myself to meet his gaze.
“You asked to be killed, did you not?”
Finding words was a little too much for me. All I could do was nod.
His thumbs moved across my cheeks again in a soothing motion, wiping away more tears. “Why would you do that?”
“Because you were dead.” My answer was succinct. Simple.
It was the truth.
After that nightmare, it didn’t matter if my words told him how much I cared about him. If anything, it was better that he knew.
His gaze searched mine for another long moment like he was processing what I told him.
“You were dead,” I repeated. “I couldn’t—” I stopped.
He nodded, accepting my words. And then he pulled me back into his arms, holding me tight against him. “I am here,” he breathed. “I will not leave you.”
Time passed as I held on to him, reminding myself that he was alive.
Like someone shot adrenaline through my veins, I awoke as he began lowering me toward the bed. A sudden flash of fear washed over me. My arms tightened around his shoulders in panic. If I let him go, he’d disappear.
Before my next heartbeat, he spoke, low, “Ma chère, I made you a promise.” Tugging at my elbows, he added, “I will not leave you.”
A shudder wracked through me and I forced my arms to relax.
While he moved, I wasn’t certain if he realized the thoughts running through my head, but he didn’t stop touching me. Once we were settled under the blanket with his chest pressed against my back, he draped his arm over my side and gripped my wrist.
“Thank you,” I breathed as fresh tears stung in my eyes. It felt safe and secure, being caged to him.
“Sleep, Marcelline,” he breathed, and I began to drift away.
Chapter 41



A blissful nothingness surrounded me. Just warmth and comfort and safety. And as I slowly started to become aware, the first thing I noticed was that sweet mint as it passed through my nose and filled my lungs.
Liam’s cool breath flowed against my forehead and I knew he was in front of me. Since it felt like I was sleeping in a furnace and not on a bed, he was a perfect source to combat that stifling feeling.
I snuggled closer to him and, though I wasn’t quite close enough to nuzzle his chest, it was enough that my hands contacted the smooth skin beneath his open shirt. I shivered. That coolness was divine. I wanted more of it.
“Marcelline,” he breathed and I smiled. It was impossible to tell if he was awake or if I woke him when I moved.
“Good morning,” I sighed and pushed him onto his back, pressing against him. With my cheek against the cool flesh of his chest and my arm curled up in front of me, a shiver passed through me. I lifted my leg over his to feel more of him.
Before I finished moving, he started adjusting the velvet blanket over me, tucking it between us to ensure I was warm.
I exhaled and flexed my nails against his chest.
For an instant, he hesitated, but then continued his efforts.
Even though I was still half asleep, I knew what he was doing. “Stop, Liam. I’m not cold.”
A chuckle escaped him, “Yes you are. You are shivering.” As he started adjusting the damned blanket again, I began to seriously consider tossing it into the hearth at my first opportunity.
Though I knew he cared and didn’t want me to be cold, he still didn’t understand that I didn’t just tolerate it, I liked it. “Dammit, Liam,” I growled. “That’s not why I’m shivering.”
Waking up, feeling like I was burning alive was only part of it. I wasn’t certain if he caught the underlying meaning behind my words, but he sucked in a breath.
“I told you I didn’t mind the cold. I wasn’t lying to you. Now would you shut up and just let me lay here?”
Instead of saying, “Very well,” he stayed quiet. Then, to my surprise, he pulled the blanket out from around me and dropped it at my hips. A twinge of disappointment flashed through me when he didn’t throw it into the flames for me, but I considered it a win that I wasn’t buried under it any longer.
“That’s better,” I breathed, but it sounded like a sigh.
The arm under me wrapped around my back to rest his palm over the thin material of my tank top while his other trailed up my arm before stopping at my bare shoulder.
Fuck me, that is divine.
Shivering once more, I said, “Thank you.”
He held me like that for a few more long moments and then he spoke, low, “How much do you like the cold, Marcelline?”
I snorted. That didn’t take long for him to ask. Gathering my thoughts, I mused, “Well, I don’t really know—”
A low growl rumbled in his chest and I felt its vibrations.
“Hey now, I’m trying to find the right words so I can explain it. Just,” I exhaled, “give me a second, okay?”
He waited and I smiled against him.
“I’ve always liked the cold. It sharpens my senses and soothes me. I don’t like being hot. And in case you hadn’t noticed, I tend to heat up when I’m sleeping.”
“I did notice, ma chère.”
“Oh, good,” my lips twitched. Then I went on, “Right now, it feels like my cheeks are on fire and the rest of me is smoldering.”
His hand left my shoulder and then rested against my cheek.
A little jolt ran through me at the intensity of his temperature and I shivered. “Before we met, that’s all it was.”
“What about since then?” His hand slipped back toward my ear and his thumb caressed my cheek.
“I didn’t realize how much I needed it. Or how powerful it would be. With you, all my senses light up. Like my world is built on monochrome grays and suddenly, everything shifts into technicolor.” I smiled against him once more. “I’d be lying if I said it hasn’t grown since then. And, um,” I stopped, not certain if I should continue.
“Marcelline,” Liam said, low. “Look at me.”
Lifting my head, I rested my chin against him and met his gaze. Though he didn’t remove his hand as I moved, he let his fingers slip back into my hair a little.
“You can tell me anything. I promise I will not break.” His piercing emerald eyes were pleading and I felt their weight.
Rather than waiting for me to speak, he continued. “I have been lost for so long. When you showed up outside, this was the last thing I expected, but it felt like I could breathe for the first time in centuries. I didn’t know how much I needed you.”
Holy shit. I love this man.
To say that I was breathless was an understatement. He might not have said he loved me, but there was enough behind his words to tell me he felt more than an attraction to me.
Lifting my hand from his chest, I rested it against his cheek and searched his gaze for a long moment. “I wanted to say that I don’t think I could survive without you. After last night, I thought that was obvious.”
He studied me while I watched his eyes dilate, and then my world shifted. When everything came to a stop, he was on top of me, covering as much of my body as he could while he kissed me like our survival depended on it.
And in that moment, they did.
Chapter 42



A small moan escaped me when Liam’s taste exploded on my tongue and I reveled in the way it danced with mine. That coolness only seemed to amplify what I felt.
I moved my legs out from under him and he let me before settling down between them.
Despite us both being fully clothed, I could still feel every inch of him press against me through my silk pants, but he wasn’t doing anything other than kiss me. In my excitement, my hands snaked inside his open shirt and around his waist before they traveled down over the seat of his pants.
When I squeezed his ass, he ground against me and then devoured my cry as little bolts of lightning fired behind my eyelids from the intensity of the pleasure I felt from that delicious contact.
A sudden rush of guilt erupted from him and my hands moved to his face. When I pushed slightly, he broke away from my mouth and stilled as he pulled in a jagged breath. Though his green eyes were dilated, that guilt was written all over his features.
“It’s okay,” I breathed. “I’m not in any rush, Liam.”
He closed his eyes and rested his forehead against mine for several long moments before he lifted his head and nodded. To my surprise, when he moved, he pulled me with him and then settled onto his back with my head resting on his chest once more.
After several minutes, the guilt subsided.
“Thank you for staying with me again.” I took a breath and added, “I was terrified you’d disappear and I’d realize my nightmare was real.”
“Marcelline, you would feel better if I stayed with you while you sleep, would you not?”
I sighed. “I always feel better when you’re with me, but I can’t ask you to do that all the time.”
“You did not ask.”
“Correct,” I agreed. “You’ve already done so much. Don’t feel like it’s your responsibility to sleep with me to make me feel better. That’s too much of a burden.”
“I did not say you were a burden. Quite the contrary. I rather enjoy the time I spend with you, even if we are sleeping. I made an oath to you last night and I do not intend to break it.”
I lifted my head so I could look at him. As I searched his green gaze, I saw no hints of doubt or hesitation with his offer. “You don’t have to—”
“Marcelline,” he began, cutting me off, “allow me to rephrase. I do not want to break my oath.”
I sat up, and he stayed where he was, watching me. “Is this about making an oath? Because if it is—”
Before I realized he moved, he sat up and rested his palms on my cheeks. “No, Marcelline. It is not. I want to spend time with you. I want to be close to you and sleep beside you. I want to be with you. If you want me, then I will.”
Fuck me.
I searched his gaze again and then lifted my hands to rest on the sides of his neck. “What kind of statement is that? I always want you.”
A smile played at his lips and his hands slipped back so his thumbs rested in front of my ears. “Then there is no need for further discussion, is there not?”
I chewed on my lips. “Well, I know this bed is huge, but it’ll be a little crowded and probably awkward sharing it with my cousins. That is, if they ever leave the game room again.”
“I see several possible solutions. Stay with me when they’re in here, offer them another suite to share, or, let them share this one and live with me.” He caught my look of skepticism in his final option and shook his head. “I would not offer it if I did not want it.”
My head spun at his words. And I couldn’t help the smile that spread across my face. “I've been here less than a week. You really want me to move in with you?”
“Yes, Marcelline. I do. Regardless of the time, I know what I want. No strings. No conditions.” When I stayed quiet, he added, “You do not need to decide now,” but I caught the hint of sadness in his tone.
“Stop, Liam. Of course, I’ll move in with you. I only hesitated because I wasn’t expecting it. Plus, I haven’t seen your suite yet.”
His lips lifted in a small smile. “That is an easy problem to remedy.”
Then, he released me and crawled around me to stand before offering me his hand. Rather than leading me to the door, he moved to the closet. I was about to ask him what he was doing as he reached the floor-length mirror, but froze when he slipped his hand behind it.
The wall moved, revealing a hidden door. The seam was hidden so well, I never would have noticed the passage if he didn’t open it. But then I forgot what I was thinking as his suite came into view.
Flanking the hearth were two authentic King Louis XIV wing chairs upholstered with luxurious red velvet. Otherwise, everything, from the tiling on the hearth to the creamy velvet blanket on the monstrously big bed was the same.
“Um, Liam?” I asked, smiling.
“Yes, ma chère.”
“You have a hidden door.”
He nodded. “There are a few passages throughout this home. Some proved useful over the years. This one was never used before you arrived, nor did I ever intend to use it. But I selected this suite for you and your cousins so I could reach you faster if you needed me. I am sorry if it makes you uncomfortable.”
There was a slight undercurrent of unease with his words, I squeezed his hand, still holding mine, and ran my thumb over his knuckles. “I don’t mind, Liam. I’m grateful. Thank you for taking care of us.”
“Always, ma chère.” Though his reply was succinct, the weight of what he meant was palpable.
It felt like a promise.
As he waved his free hand, indicating I could enter, he released me. “It is not dissimilar to your suite, but I do not mind if you would prefer to change anything.”
My lips twitched. “Now that you mention it, I might be tempted to burn that blanket if you try to bury me in it when I sleep.”
He chuckled. “I promise I will not make that mistake again, Marcelline.”
I smiled at him in triumph. “Good. Then it’s perfect just the way it is.”
That was when my stomach growled.
I snorted and he moved toward me, kissing my forehead before meeting my gaze. “You can gather what you need and use my bathroom or use yours until your things are moved.”
“I guess I’ll use mine. It’ll save time.”
“Very well. We will begin training after breakfast, so dress accordingly. I will return to your other door—” he grinned “—when you are finished.”
“Okay,” I said and took a step toward my closet. “Oh, Liam?” I asked and turned back around.
“Yes, ma chère.”
Instead of speaking, I took a step toward him and lifted my hands to his face. And then I kissed him. It wasn’t aggressive, but it also wasn’t one of those slow, gentle ones, either. There was weight behind it. His hands moved to my waist, accepting it as it was. And, when I pulled back, I rested my forehead against his, and breathed, “Thank you.”
About a half-hour later, if my guess was correct, I was ready. Wearing all black, the stretchy jeans widened at the ankle to better accommodate my shoes and another sporty tank top completed my look. My eyebrows raised as my gaze traveled down Liam’s body when I opened the door. “You train in your suit, too?”
He grinned. “Not always, but yes.”
Shaking my head, I chuckled. “Why am I not surprised?”
When we made it to the kitchen, Aisling and Connor greeted us as they prepared breakfast at the island. The haze that swirled around them glowed with a deep pink and purple. It was beautiful.
They were auras, I realized, and I smiled. Becoming a witch allowed me to see them. I wondered since I didn’t see one on Liam, if being a vampire prevented them from casting one.
Once pleasantries were finished, I added, “Oh, Aisling, your Gramma’s Spaghetti last night was absolutely divine.”
She smiled. “I’m glad you liked it.” Then, she gestured toward the spread of items in front of her. “I’m making French toast, would you like some?”
My mouth began to salivate. “Yes, please. That sounds wonderful.”
“Good. Go have a seat,” she said and went back to work combining the ingredients she needed into their respective bowls.
Before I turned, Connor asked, “I’m making coffee. Do you want some?”
My eyes widened and I gasped, “My hero,” like I was a damsel in distress. As he grinned, a little light blue popped into his aura. “Yes, I’d love some. Thank you.”
Once my coffee was fixed the way I liked, I settled at the table, in the first spot of the banquette while Liam took his seat beside me at its head. Then he began explaining the basics of the supernatural world, to fill in any potential gaps in my knowledge.
That was understandable since I didn’t know an exploding bullet in his chest wouldn’t kill him.
The first thing he explained was auras. The colors varied depending on emotions. He offered a few examples before moving on. As he explained the difference between Earthen and moon magic, Zoe walked in and sat down in the seat across from me.
While Earthen magic was based on the person’s character, their magic manifested by their desire to make something happen. It wasn’t based upon spells. It wasn’t divided by light and dark, good or bad. It just was.
After he finished, Zoe turned and spoke in that alluring Australian accent. “Would you like me to explain the basics of witchcraft?”
That was when I remembered.
At our first meeting in the library, Zoe told me a little about her recent, troubling past with darkness. While she did make life for people worse, most of it wasn’t done by choice.
In her efforts to gain their trust, she didn’t want to do something Aisling wouldn’t like. That made me think of the previous night when Liam asked her to help me. She accepted his request without going to Aisling first.
I realized then, that despite Liam being the master of his home — his nest, as he called it — Aisling was in charge. But that placed him second when it came to decisions. It didn’t take a genius to know why there was a hierarchy of authority, but I didn’t approve of the fact that Zoe was tiptoeing around, trying not to do anything wrong.
The fact that Aisling let her didn’t feel right to me either.
Though I didn’t interfere with the exchange, Aisling agreed before dipping pieces of thick bread into the bowls before dropping them on a very large cast-iron skillet.
I listened to Zoe as she spoke, covering the basics of the elements and spell structures. Her explanation of the significance of German was of particular interest to me.
Witchcraft — the regular, moon magic variety — went back thousands of years, under different names. Since German was tied to some of the oldest languages, it made the spells a little more potent than they otherwise would be.
At last, as we finished the food — which was, once again, one of the best my taste buds ever experienced — Zoe cautioned of darkness. The urgency in her voice and her body language as she spoke about it was unmistakable. It didn’t surprise me, considering her history with it.
It wouldn’t be difficult for a witch to cast a dark spell, even by accident, and end up losing a huge part of their personality. The parts that clung to goodness. Zoe described it as a sickness, stripping away motivations for the sole purpose of gaining more power.
That didn’t sound unfamiliar to me, after meeting Beatrice and hearing her warning.
Power could change a person.
To my surprise, it infected so much of the witch that there was also a physical change. Hair darkened to pitch black, eyes lost most of their color, and even skin paled with no lingering hints of warmth or blush underneath.
I listened and tried to picture Zoe as a dark witch. It was hard to look at the vibrant red-headed woman with beautiful green eyes across from me looking as she described. But what struck me was the fact that Zoe’s personality didn’t change, even with some of her involuntary actions.
After Liam’s assurances about my own personality as I continued on my journey to control the scream I inherited from Anubis, that told me enough to know that Zoe’s strength of character was immense enough to resist the pull of that darkness. I admired that about her.
I didn’t have any reason to doubt her words. She carried that guilt and sadness with her, on her shoulders, every minute of every day. I felt bad for her, but I resisted the urge to try to offer her comfort as she spoke.
It was obvious how important it was to her that I understood the enormity of it. To treat magic with respect and take great care if I designed my own spells or learned one from another witch.
I listened.
And I understood.
But the onslaught of information was becoming too much. I needed a record of everything I learned. To remind me of the importance that I never use any magic that could potentially darken me.
As soon as those thoughts passed through me, Angela walked into the kitchen, with Salvatore, the kids, and Shadow trailing behind her. I smiled when I saw Sylvie cradling Bugs in her arms like he was a baby. Adoring green eyes looked up at her, and the cat’s erratic purr chopped and rumbled while his tail swished gently over her arm.
Angela sang, “Morning,” to the room as she walked straight to the table and stopped when she stood between Liam and Zoe. She extended her arm and handed me a large, leather journal and a fountain pen. “I believe you’ll need this,” she said, with a knowing grin.
To say that I was a little unnerved with her impeccable timing was an understatement. “Um, thanks.”
“What is wrong, ma chère?” Liam asked, his hand brushed against my knee to pull my attention to him.
My gaze shifted back to Angela, “Right before you walked in, I thought about writing some things down.”
Witches were, after all, synonymous with grimoires, or spellbooks. But walking in and handing me such a beautiful bundle of bound paper and leather when I thought about it — that was too much of a coincidence for my taste.
Liam’s lips twitched. “Angela appears to be adjusting as a Shamaness rather well. Clairvoyance is one of her many abilities.”
I knew both terms well from New Orleans. A Shaman’s deep connection to everything allowed them to commune with spirits, among other things. And clairvoyance wasn’t knowing the future, it was more of a feeling. Humans often viewed Voodoo practitioners as a mixture of many things.
With Renata’s preference for flair with the tourists, one of my duties as her shop’s fortune teller was to connect to lost loved ones and perceive things for the customers. There were no otherworldly connections to the dead, no fortune-telling, nor was there any real power behind it. And I hated every minute of it.
Adding clairvoyance to what Angela did in the Spirit Realm the previous night to send us all back to our bodies no doubt helped her as a Guardian of Information.
“I can see how that would be useful.”
“That’s not even the best part,” she grinned at me. “The spirit wolf tops the clairvoyance.”
Given her word choice, I understood that it wasn’t the same as a werewolf, but that didn’t make it any easier to understand.
At my look of confusion, she flashed her husband a heated smile and rescued me. “Because of my connection to Salvatore, I’m able to mimic all of his abilities without being a werewolf. It’s not supernatural.”
“Is that why you don’t have an aura?”
She nodded, her grin widening. “I can still see them, though.”
Having all the benefits of being a werewolf without being other made her a formidable foe to anyone standing against Aisling. I whistled and said, “Now, that is pretty badass.”
“That’s exactly what I said,” Aisling smiled.
Chapter 43



As we made our way to the large stainless steel door at the end of the main hallway, my breakfast turned into a sour lump in my stomach. But when Connor opened the door to the training room, I couldn’t help myself. I gaped.
Calling the space massive was an understatement. The ceilings were so high, it was almost four stories up. Rows of hanging fluorescent lights cast a stark, bright light across everything and it was quite a sight to see. It would put any Olympic-sized training facility to shame.
In the center of the expanse was an obstacle course. If that was the one Tobias referred to the previous night when he challenged Vlad to a race, it was, in a word, intimidating.
Not only was it elaborate, but it didn’t look possible to complete without enhanced senses and strength. The jumps were too high or far apart for anyone else to manage them. The actual obstacles were a different beast altogether.
Spaced throughout the perimeter, I saw groupings of mats meant for sparring, weapons stations, even dummies, targets, and other items for practice. On the walls were groupings of weapons I recognized, both modern and medieval. Many of which I only saw from my studies at Tulane.
They were all meant to be painful and deadly.
“Fuck me,” I breathed and Liam stopped walking.
“Marcelline, why are you afraid?” he asked as he regarded me.
I figured he could see it in my aura, smell it, or I looked as mortified as I felt. Possibly all three. Regardless, I appreciated his concern. With a small smile, I said, “Well, I’m not looking forward to getting my ass kicked. Aside from that, this is a little intimidating.”
The muscles in his jaw worked from discomfort. It seemed like he wanted to protect me rather than see me fight. While I appreciated it, it wasn’t practical. “It is not pleasant,” he began, “but it is necessary. Preparation has saved all of our lives before. I do not want you to experience any pain, ma chère, but I will heal you if you do. If you do not learn—” he stopped.
I understood what he felt. It was written all over his features. Regardless of whether he felt anything like I did the previous night with my nightmare of watching his head explode, he still knew loss. If I could help it, I didn’t want him to experience mine.
Resisting the urge to comfort him, not knowing if he’d want the contact in front of his people, I met his gaze, and said, “I know how important this is, Liam. Living matters to me more than any pain I’ll feel while learning. I don’t want to be helpless.”
Those green eyes searched mine and flashed against the overhead lights. And then he closed them for a moment, inhaling my scent. The relief he felt from my words was palpable. “Very well,” he said.
“When you are ready. Not a moment sooner,” I repeated his words back to him.
As we arrived at the large mat, Aisling, Connor, and Zoe kicked off their shoes. A young man stood nearby, his uncertain gaze staying low. Though it was obvious he wasn’t human due to the gray and green aura that surrounded him, I wasn’t certain what kind of creature he was.
Based on his appearance, he was no fighter. Despite standing around six feet in height, he looked rather unassuming. His side-swept brown hair was long enough to reach the top of his cheekbone. Kind, light brown eyes mixed with a thick stubble suited his warm features. Like many of the other men in the training room, he wore black silk pants and a muscle tank.
Aisling smiled at him and said, “You should follow along with us, Red. It’s important to learn how to fight if you’re not a wolf.”
In response, he offered her a small smile and stepped on the mat, but he didn’t meet her eyes. Their exchange told me enough. Unlike Salvatore and Shadow, the werewolf wasn’t dominant at all.
Tobias and another vampire I didn’t know waited near the edge of the mat. Vlad threw three hunting knives at a dummy before meandering toward us. He grinned when the impossibly tall, muscular vampire I recognized from my family’s greeting party joined us.
“This will be interesting, indeed,” Vlad said, rolling up the sleeves on his pristine, white shirt.
At the bench, I slipped off my flats and set my new grimoire and fountain pen on its surface as Liam removed his shoes, jacket, and crimson tie.
To my pleasant surprise, he didn’t roll up his sleeves like his father. Instead, he took his shirt off. My eyes traveled over him as he moved. Though I tried not to be obvious with my ogling, he knew I was watching him.
And that I wasn’t unaffected.
A moment passed before he met my gaze, but when he did, his eyes were slightly dilated.
“Any other volunteers?” Liam asked, not raising his voice. He knew everyone in the room would hear him.
One vampire, standing near the obstacle course, holding a business folio in his hand, grinned and moved toward us. He struck me as more of an accountant or banker than a warrior, but if he was a resident of Liam’s nest, that folio was no doubt as deadly as his body.
“Marcelline,” Liam began nodding to the submissive werewolf, “allow me to introduce Paul, or Red, one of the newest to join us.”
He didn’t meet my gaze, but I offered him a small, reassuring smile anyway.
“Jorge and William,” Liam gestured first toward the man that stood next to Tobias and then the one carrying the folio. “They are ghouls.”
I nodded, remembering what he told me during breakfast. Ghouls were once vampires, resurrected after their deaths. There were three primary differences between the two. A ghoul’s fangs were gone. They needed raw meat instead of blood. And, unlike a vampire losing their head, they died if their hearts were destroyed.
“This is Jon, my second,” Liam said, indicating the giant vampire in his own expensive suit.
It wasn’t just his height that was intimidating. If I were to guess, I thought his biceps were bigger than my waist. “He was also taken by Renata,” Liam added.
Sadness washed over me as he closed the distance between us in two steps and extended his hand. His skin tone beneath the vampire pallor was deeper and I guessed he was a Spaniard. Taking the hand he offered, I said, “I’m sorry you went through that. I would have done something if I could.”
“That is not your guilt to bear,” he said. I jumped at the sound of his deep voice. Like subwoofers the size of small cars vibrating together. As he released me, he grinned, finding my reaction more comical rather than feeling a grim satisfaction at his successful intimidation.
“Nice to meet you all,” I said. “You can call me Marcelline or Marcy. Either one is fine.”
As I finished, Connor padded to the middle of the mat and addressed the group. “We’ll start with the long-form and then we’ll spar.” He eyed Zoe, Paul, and then me before continuing, “You three will just do the long-form for now and observe the spar session, alright?” After a brief pause, he added, “Everyone spread out. Make sure you have enough room to move.”
We took our places on the mat, spreading out around him. I was centered near the bench while Liam stood to my right with Zoe on my left.
The movements were slow and controlled, flowing almost like yoga. And, though I wasn’t completely oblivious to martial arts, the different stances didn’t look familiar to me. At least, not combined.
A few times, Liam’s predatory grace distracted me, but I kept up and Connor didn’t seem to notice. Eventually, I started to lose track of time, as if falling into a trance. Yoga never did that for me. Following along with Connor felt far more natural to me than I ever thought possible.
Before I realized what I was doing, my eyes closed and I looked out from my astral’s eyes. Feeling perfectly natural, I decided to let her continue.
Despite my relaxation, it didn’t escape my notice that vampires and ghouls did cast an aura. A small smile lifted on my lips as I took in the deep blue and pink swirling around Liam.
Due to the otherworldly nature of never aging, I thought vampire and ghoul auras were nonexistent. But where Astral lived — the in-between, where they blurred between the lines — their auras not only existed, but they were visible.
Because the movements were far too relaxing for me to focus on anything but my body as it moved, I decided to analyze that further another time.
It didn’t take long for the others to notice that my eyes weren’t open.
Keeping his tone steady and low enough to avoid startling me, Liam said, “Let her follow her instincts.”
Though I was too relaxed to react to his words, I appreciated his vote of confidence.
When the long-form came to a close, I dropped out of astral and watched the deliberate, slow movements of each spar, taking mental notes of how they moved and reacted to one another. But to say that I was intimidated and not looking forward to actually fighting was an understatement.
Later, as everyone filed out of the training room, Liam handed me the key to his suite with a grin, announcing that my things were already moved and promised to find me when he was finished with his other duties.
I decided to join the kids in the game room for an afternoon of challenged video game kart racing. After laughing at my repeated spin-outs and unceremonious smashing into obstacles, I told my cousins to shower and change their clothes, ignoring their embarrassment when I said it in front of Peter and Jessica.
Then I explained my move to Liam’s suite. To say that I was surprised at their reaction was an understatement. No one teased our relationship or commented about the timing of it. They didn’t seem to mind at all. I didn’t know what to make of it.
At last, I declared they’d resume school once I checked with Angela. That was when their faces soured. It didn’t take a genius to see that Peter and Jessica were both intelligent. They were being educated in some capacity. With grave reluctance, my cousins muttered their understanding before I left them to play amongst themselves.
While I walked, I noted that strange tugging sensation that seemed to point toward Liam. It always followed him. It didn’t shift or respond to anyone else. Though I still didn’t know why it was there, it was comforting nonetheless. If I wanted to find him, all I needed to do was follow that magical rubber band.
Since he was busy, I opted for a warm bath. As I meandered toward his closet — it felt odd to call it our closet — to gather my clothes and put my new journal and fountain pen away, I smiled as I saw Aisling’s novel resting on one of the wing chairs by the hearth. I decided that if Liam didn’t return by the time I finished with my bath, I’d read.
As soon as I slipped into the water, I felt the pull of sleep dragging me away.
I thought, absently, as I dozed, perhaps I was more tired than I realized.
If only that were the case.
Chapter 44



For a few moments, there was nothing. It was peaceful.
And then, like someone flipped a switch, a bright light turned on ahead of me.
When my eyes adjusted to its intensity, my stomach dropped. The man that murdered eight members of my family stood above me with his cruel smile.
Sunlight warmed my bare flesh and, other than the gentle breeze, the only thing I felt was the cold ground beneath my backside. When I looked down, I realized why. I was naked while he stood over me, assessing me, that familiar malice written in his features, eyes gleaming with anticipation.
Scrambling to my feet, I ran. A loud crack sounded off from behind me, but it wasn’t the same sound as the little revolver with the exploding bullets.
Pain flared across my foot. Then, in the next instant, before I began to stumble or cry out in pain, another shot rang out. By the time I landed in shallow water, both of my feet screamed from the agony of bullet wounds. I knew then, I wouldn’t be able to escape him.
My breathing increased in tempo and I was forced to wait as my tormenter circled me, calculating what he planned. And I didn’t want to know what it was.
Squeezing my eyes closed as hard as I could, I tried to muster enough air to scream, but a white-hot flash of his slap against my cheek registered across my senses and made lights explode behind my eyes.
“Marcy,” he sang, “I need you aware while I’m doing this. That way, you’ll always remember me and what I did to you. Until I kill you.” That cruel smile of his widened and I shuddered from the intensity of my fear.
Before I realized what was happening, he held a familiar, bloodstained dagger that looked exactly like the one he threw at me. Like the one that the strange vampire used when he fought Liam.
Terror washed over me with a vengeance.
Then, he began.
He sliced. Carved. And somehow, I knew the symbols he drew upon me were brands of some kind. But I’d never seen them before. All I wanted was to scream from the sheer agony and blood loss. No sounds escaped from me. Not even breathy whimpers.
It dragged on for what felt like hours. Until carrion birds circled overhead, waiting for their own piece of me. When there was no stretch of unbroken skin remaining, he dropped the dagger, letting it fall to my abdomen. The blade slid into my body as it did the day he threw it at me. In the exact same spot.
His hand reached behind him, returning with a handgun. Though I guessed it was the same one he used on my feet, it was still terrifying. The silver glimmered against the afternoon sunlight that shone above us as he aimed.
That vehement smile returned with a vengeance. “See you soon,” he sang, right before he pulled the trigger.
And then the bullet hit me in my chest.
Chapter 45



I was paralyzed by the pain. Seeing nothing but blackness. Hearing nothing but the sound of my pained gasps. Something snapped across my senses, releasing me, and my whole body jerked, sending cool water sloshing around me.
That was when I finally screamed.
Somewhere above, glass shattered, raining down around me. But just as fast as I began to scream, the sound trailed off. I couldn’t muster the energy to continue. I couldn’t even keep myself from sinking beneath the surface of the water.
That told me enough.
I was dying.
“Marcelline!” Liam’s voice hit me as I slipped under the water.
I thought that was it — the last thing I would ever hear — Liam’s voice, calling my name. I was barely aware that he lifted me out of the water just enough to sit me up. When I started to slip under again, one strong arm wrapped across my shoulder blades to support me.
My heart thumped against my rib cage as something hard pressed against my mouth. At first, I didn’t know what it was, but then the sweet copper of his blood dripped onto my tongue. I swallowed, finding just enough strength to grip his wrist as I pulled. That unrelenting blackness receded from my vision and my gaze locked with his.
He wasn’t wearing his jacket, and, from my limited view, his wet shirt was no longer white. It was stained to a deep pink.
On my fourth swallow, he pulled his wrist away with an excited hiss. But then his hands held my face. Though my cheeks weren’t on fire, the feel of his skin against mine was still soothing.
Pain erupted across my body like a bomb went off. Sadness, fear, and concern crossed over Liam’s features. A whimper escaped me and I closed my eyes, trying to block out the agony.
“No, ma chère, stay with me.”
I’m right here, Liam.
Mustering enough strength to lift my hands to hold his face, I forced myself to breathe through the breathy cries. Though I caught the mint that clung to him, I smelled something far more potent.
Blood.
My eyes snapped open and I realized the Tiffany crystal chandelier above me was off, but the other lights by the sinks and shower were still on. Still holding his face, I saw my wrists and hands.
Long, deep gashes in the shape of those brands my torturer carved into my skin were pulling themselves back together and my eyes widened. I dropped my hands from his face and looked down.
Oh my god.
The tub wasn’t filled with just water and soapy bubbles. It was crimson. So vivid, I couldn’t see beneath its surface.
“What is going on, Liam?” I half-cried as my terror overflowed and I shuddered, the pain evaporating with every passing moment.
I wasn’t certain if Liam started speaking at that point. The fear was too much for me to handle.
It was a nightmare. A dream of the shooter carving into me. And yet, I would have died if I didn’t wake up to scream.
Chapter 46
Liam



Marcelline cried as she shuddered, “What is going on, Liam?” It was the first thing I heard after my eardrums healed. Her aura was engulfed in so much gray from her terror that the rich tones of her skin, hair, and eyes were muted and dull.
I watched as her mind began to shut itself off from the reality of her trauma. My hands tightened on her face to keep her with me. “No, Marcelline.”
Her knees were up, close to her body and her arms fell from my face, floating along the surface of the water. “I’m sorry,” she began in no more than a breath. Then she mumbled, “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you again. I—” her voice cracked “—I’m sorry for all my blood.”
She started to curl in on herself and pull away from me.
La naiba. No.
I stopped her retreat and pulled her arms over my shoulders before I snatched the plug, pulling it away from the drain. With one arm behind her back, I cradled her under her knees and lifted her out of the tub, not caring about the bloody water.
Not caring about the broken chandelier. Or that yet another new shirt was ruined.
Nothing mattered but her.
Moving fast to the shower, I opened the door and stepped inside. All the while, she mumbled those same apologies. When the water began to flow, warm enough to steam, but not enough to burn her skin, I lowered her legs, keeping her steady on her feet as the water ran over both of us.
Her aura continued to blaze with gray and her eyes were unfocused, staring straight through my chest. The shudders wracking through her body worried me. Maybe it was more than fear. Was she freezing after all that blood loss?
Worse still, I did not know if part of her fear was because of me. I did not know why she apologized for bleeding.
She feared I would bite her. Nothing else made sense.
But I could not worry about that.
My priority was to calm her down and bring her out of her shock. I could deal with the rest later.
“I don’t want you to lose control,” she mumbled and dropped her head.
My hands moved to her face and she shivered. She was freezing.
I exhaled, trying to focus.
One problem at a time.
Ignoring the urge to move away and turn the heat up in the shower, I lifted her face to look at me. Her eyes met mine and she held my gaze.
Good.
“I am in control, Marcelline. I am not going to bite you. You are safe.” I repeated the last three words and searched her eyes.
Comprehension passed through them.
She was back.
Her gaze dropped and for an instant, I thought she was retreating again, but then pink sprung to life among all the gray in her aura, like lightning bugs blinked into existence as her eyes focused on my mouth.
That gray slowly lost its intensity and those little sparkling dots of pink were growing like flowers in bloom. It was better than a retreat. But that tested my control far more than the scent of her blood or how she drew mine from my wrist.
I did not move. If a distraction was what she needed to calm down, she could have it. But nothing more. I would never lose myself with her in such a state.
Watching her eyes study my mouth, the rise and fall of her shoulders slowed as she brought her breathing under control. Her aura shifted further away from the gray, overpowered by a deep pink as her desire intensified. I tried not to breathe, but even the scent of her need was too much for me to ignore.
The muscles in my jaw worked, but I did not move.
It was absolute torture.
When her eyes slid closed, I thought the agony of forcing myself to remain still was over.
But, after a long moment, she bit her lip and breathed, “Liam.”
Chapter 47
Marcelline



The combination of hot water sliding down my skin and Liam’s hands on my face left me feeling dizzy. When he promised that he was in control and wouldn’t bite me, I knew he misunderstood the reason behind my apologies.
I stood there, reminding myself that I was safe. Liam was with me. That awful dream was over. And death spared me, once again, thanks to him.
So many questions flitted through my mind, but I knew I wouldn’t be able to focus on anything if I was still contending with fear.
My first concern was Liam. I needed to clear my head enough to fix that problem.
As my eyes searched those green depths, I felt the intensity of his unease, and the emotions fighting for dominance in his features left me thinking that he was battling a far bigger battle than ever before.
And I was making it worse.
Dropping my gaze to something that wouldn’t cloud my mind with shifting emotions or unanswered questions, I focused on clearing it, letting the lingering fear and panic wash away with the blood on my skin.
Liam’s mouth was as soft as it looked and I knew it tasted even better. I refused to look up at his eyes to see what he was thinking. If I did, I feared he might misinterpret that too, and it would threaten his control that much more.
While I forced my lungs to take steady breaths, every inhalation was filled with more mint and less blood.
As the last of my fear washed away, the desire building in me was reaching a fever pitch.
It wasn’t just his cool hands on my face or those dizzying, heated drops that slid down my skin from the shower. It wasn’t just his scent that left me feeling intoxicated or the awkwardness of him standing in the shower with me, fully clothed, while I was naked.
It was all of those things and so much more.
Like a Liam-shaped package, all wrapped up just for me. The fact that he never let his eyes stray below my face was like a crimson bow pasted on top.
It was everything.
And I needed to tone that down before it pushed him too far.
But when the muscles worked in his jaw — the physical manifestation of his thinning control — I panicked and closed my eyes.
Without realizing what happened, I looked out from my astral’s eyes. The room was muted in color and, despite his features being a little nondescript, he was still breathtaking.
But, around him, just like in the training room, there was color.
The hazy glow of his aura shimmered and flowed in a mesmerizing dance.
There were two colors in a war for dominance, with a third bouncing through it. Dark blue and a deep pink — almost red hue — swirled together as if a tornado surrounded only him. The third was green, blinking in and out of existence, like heat lightning in the night.
More than that, his aura shifted in intensity with my heartbeat. Those colors brightened and dulled again. Like tiny flickers.
I bit my lip, and breathed, “Liam.”
His aura was the most beautiful thing I ever saw.
Though I couldn’t yet define how he felt based on those vivid hues, I filed that away to worry about later as I dropped out of astral.
There was no thinking, no hesitation about what I needed to do.
If he wanted, he could have stopped me when I leaned forward, wrapped my arms around his middle, and rested my cheek against his chest, but he didn’t. Releasing my face as I moved, he encircled my shoulders, not bending toward me or lowering his head to breathe me in.
Oh, shit.
The battle over his control was far worse than I realized.
His heart thumped in his chest, and I sighed, “I’m not afraid of your bite, Liam. And yes, my dream was terrifying and I almost died, but we can figure that out later. I’m okay with that because you’re here. What matters right now is that you are struggling. I don’t want you to be in any situation you’ll regret. You’ve been through too much as it is.”
A rush of breath escaped him. I wasn’t certain if it was a laugh or something else.
“You are quite perceptive, are you not?”
“Is that a rhetorical question?”
“No. Not at all.”
I took a deep breath, trying to sort my thoughts. The mint that flowed into my lungs helped. “I’m mostly guessing, but sometimes I think I can sense how you’re feeling, not why. Like unease or a flash of guilt. And there is nothing wrong with that. Right now, a part of you is battling another.”
Shrugging, I went on, “Besides, something changed when I bound with the moon. I don’t know how or why. It’s like some invisible rubber band keeps us connected. And you may not cast an aura here, but I can see one if I’m using astral projection.”
Liam’s arms stiffened around me. I knew how much he valued his knowledge. To learn, after over five hundred years of life that he did cast an aura would be a little jarring, to say the least. “You are certain?”
Keeping my eyes closed, I dropped once more. Astral leaned back and opened her eyes to see him again. “Yes, it’s definitely there. There’s more orange now, like little setting suns across it. But a few minutes ago, it was dark blue and so pink it was almost red. And it looked like bits of green moving through it. Since it’s not an evil black, I don’t know what they mean.”
Snapping back to my body, I dropped out of astral and waited.
“Your senses are correct, Marcelline,” he began. “With regards to my aura, the orange is from discovering I have one. The dark blue is connected to Lucia, and the pinks and reds are about you. The green is the shifting war between them.”
My eyebrows raised at his admission. “Thank you for telling me. Most people aren’t so willingly transparent about what they’re feeling and why.”
“The why in auras may be more of a mystery, but the colors mean the same no matter where you see them. It would not matter if you knew now,” he shrugged, “because you would learn soon enough, would you not?”
“I suppose you’re right.”
“Following that logic, I must tell you that I feel the same tug of a rubber band, as you described it. I have not felt it in a very long time.”
Stifling a grin, I waited. Liam liked to take his time arriving at his point. That moment was no different.
“The reason we feel that is because we are mates, ma chère.”
“What does that mean?”
“Mates are the supernatural equivalent of soulmates. It is deep. Infinite. Not even space or time can sever that connection.” He paused and I tried desperately to tone down the rush of emotion flowing through me at his words.
“It is very rare for someone to have more than one, but it is possible. There can only be one mate living at a time, however.” He inhaled. “I fear it will not be possible to move on without feeling Lucia’s loss.”
Pulling back enough to look at him, I searched his features. “Listen to me, Liam. With the connection you shared with Lucia, I would be worried if you didn’t miss her. You will always love her and that’s how it should be.”
His eyes said a thousand things at once.
When he stayed silent, I continued, “I’d be lying if I said it wouldn’t hurt, but I would understand if this connection between us is too much.” I sighed. “There are no ultimatums. No forced decisions. You don’t need to do anything right now or ever. We can go back to how things were.”
As I finished, I moved back into his embrace, resting my cheek against his chest again. I wanted to give him whatever time he needed to process my words.
“No, Marcelline,” he crooned. “I do not think it would be possible to choose anything but you. It is inevitable.”
I sighed again, “There’s no rush, Liam. Not until you’re ready and not a moment sooner, remember?”
“I remember. But there is no reason to wait. I have never understood the point of such a delay. If you accept that the past will impact the present, that I will always miss Lucia, there is no need for further discussion on when, is there not?”
“Of course I accept that, Liam, I—” I paused. “I don’t think I could bear it if you changed your mind. So please, don’t do this if you aren’t certain.”
“Only once before have I been so sure. With Lucia. I was certain then. And I am certain now. But I am not the only one that needs to know what I want, ma chère.”
“I’ve been certain for a while now. You don’t have to worry about that.” After a long moment, I chuckled breathlessly.
“What is it?”
“It’s a little awkward having this conversation naked, you know?”
He shook with suppressed laughter and his arms tightened around me. “I promise. There has been no peeking.”
I snorted, but I didn’t let him go. For a moment, I kept my eyes closed as Astral opened hers and leaned back. The green and orange were gone from his aura, leaving behind the two colors that mattered the most. Beneath it, Liam was smiling. Dropping back out again, my arms tightened.
Though I didn’t know specifically what that deep blue meant, I could guess. It was the loss of everything Lucia was. And it would always be there.
It wouldn’t feel right any other way.
Chapter 48



“Marcelline, how are you so…,” Liam trailed off.
“Normal after being branded in my nightmare and possibly almost dying?”
“Yes,” he began, the relief in his voice was almost palpable. When I leaned back to look up at him, he continued. “Your blood supply was not fully replenished.” The muscles in his jaw worked. Despite not knowing the extent of his feelings, I still understood.
“First, I’m here, Liam. I didn’t die.” Tightening my hold on him, my words came out in a whisper. “You saved me again. Thank you.”
He nodded, waiting for me to finish.
Shrugging, I said, “Second, I learned pretty young how to compartmentalize my thoughts to calm myself down. It was my way of comforting myself. Since I was safe, I was trying to focus on one thing so I could do it. There were too many emotions passing through your eyes that it was distracting.”
“Apologies.”
I couldn’t read his face well enough to know if he was being serious. “I should be the one apologizing. That made it worse for you. I should have looked somewhere else.”
His arms pulled away from my shoulders and his cool hands returned to my face. As he moved, I loosened my arms enough to give him room. “No, Marcelline. Do not ever feel like you cannot look at me for any reason. Even if you think it will torture me. Please, tell me you understand.”
There was an undercurrent to his words that hit me hard.
It was desperation.
Reaching up to his wrists, I met his gaze, searching mine. “I understand, Liam. I promise.”
The muscles in his jaw worked for a moment before he lowered his forehead to mine and closed his eyes. “And then?”
“That’s basically it. Once I calmed down, I needed you to understand why I was apologizing. And I needed to calm you down. The rest we could deal with later.”
He lifted his head and looked at me with an expression I couldn’t define. I thought perhaps it was amazement mixed with surprise.
I shrugged. “One problem at a time, I guess.” I paused. “Speaking of problems, you still have a little blood on your face.” I gently rinsed the hints of blood that emerged from his ears after my brief scream.
He stayed still, studying my features as I worked.
Satisfied that all the blood washed away, I kept my hands where they were, fingers plunged into his hair as my thumbs moved in a soothing motion across his cheeks.
“There we go,” I breathed, offering him a small smile for a moment before it faded. My eyes stung and I said, “I really didn’t want to hurt you again, Liam.”
“Oh, Marcelline,” he breathed and lowered his head to kiss me.
It was slow and gentle. And it told me enough.
As if he didn’t stop speaking, he said, “Your control is far better than we realized. When you wake from a nightmare but think you are still there, a small part of you still knows to hold back. Last night, your scream was all directed at the vampire that shot me. It did not touch Angela or Zoe. You saw that it did not touch me, did you not?”
Did I?
“I didn’t see any blood on your face, but I didn’t make the connection.”
“For a vampire, a broken eardrum heals in seconds. A bee sting to you would be worse than the momentary pain I feel from your scream.”
It didn’t take a genius to guess that Liam, after living over five hundred years, knew true pain. “Liam,” I began, “I don’t care how minor it is to you. I still don’t want to hurt you.”
“What did I do to deserve you, ma chère?”
My answer hung at the tip of my tongue, but he didn’t wait for me to respond.
Instead, he kissed me.
It wasn’t another reverent brush of his lips.
He pushed me against the wall and surrounded me.
Despite the steam and warmth from the shower raining down above us, the cool, smooth surface of the tile sent a jolt through me. His kiss was feverish and when I opened my mouth to gasp, his taste exploded on my tongue and he groaned. My hands still held the sides of his neck. And that came to my advantage.
I pulled him closer and a growl of appreciation rumbled through him and up his throat. In the next instant, he released my face, arms flashing to my back as he picked me up. A cry tore out of me at the excitement of what was happening and I lifted my legs to wrap around his hips.
But there was far too much space between us. He wasn’t pinning me to the wall like I wanted.
And I needed to feel his cool skin against mine like my survival depended on it.
My hands trailed from his neck, down his chest, and under his arms before sliding around to his back. I used my nails to assist my efforts in finding a grip on his shirt, since it was wet and sticking to his skin. He groaned once more and kept kissing me with abandon.
Once there was enough material in my hands, I pulled and the hem slipped out from under his waistband. His leather belt and pants clung relentlessly to his skin, but that didn’t stop me from sliding my hands down over them to grip his ass, digging in my nails a little in the process.
A growl escaped him and he pressed forward, pinning me tighter to the wall with his body. As he ground his hips against me, letting me feel every long, hard inch of him, he devoured the cry that tore out of me.
Fuck me, this feels incredible.
How would he feel without his clothes in the way?
A strange sound came up my throat. It was a combination of my desire and growing frustration with the barrier between us. I didn’t know if he understood, but he broke away from my mouth, the coolness of his lips and tongue moving down the side of my jaw as I gasped.
“Liam, please,” I begged, my voice shaky.
He loosened his arms and leaned his torso back just enough to allow my hands to work the buttons on his shirt. My impatience overpowered me and I didn’t bother trying.
Instead, I gripped the edges of the material and ripped it apart, sending buttons flying. And then my hands roamed over his cool skin, reveling in the feel of its smoothness and the hard muscles beneath as they rippled from his efforts.
Dozens of lines — scars — crisscrossed his skin from his human years and I wanted to run my mouth over each one. But that could come later.
A shudder wracked through me when his mouth connected with the top of my neck, just under my jaw.
He closed the distance between us, pinning me tight against the wall once more. The feel of his bare skin against mine was unlike anything I ever imagined a moment like that could be. I hissed from the intensity of his cool chest pressing deliciously against my breasts.
Pulling frantically at his shirt, the rest of it was released from the clutches of his pants. Then I pushed at his belt again. But like before, it wouldn’t move. A combination of a growl and cry erupted from my throat from my mounting frustration.
I was about to curse the universe for forbidding me access, but Liam’s mouth flashed back to mine with another fierce, insatiable kiss. His arms released me and I realized what he was doing.
A fresh wave of excitement rushed through me and I dropped my legs, standing to give him room to move. My hands slid up his body to the sides of his neck. By the time my fingers laced into his hair to pull his mouth closer for a deeper kiss, his shirt hit the shower floor with a splat.
And before my next heartbeat, his hands were working to unfasten his belt.
With growing anticipation, I shivered as my fingers slid down his body, passing along the peaks and valleys of his muscles, knowing his pants would drop at any moment.
It felt like an eternity and yet only an instant at the same time. And when those damned pants finally fell away from his hips, I practically squealed with delight. When he stepped out of them and kicked them away with ease, I realized he was barefoot.
One less offending item to curse.
I forgot what I was thinking about when my fists wrapped around his erection. He was deliciously cool there, too. Impossibly soft skin wrapped over iron. I shuddered, reveling in his thickness while his length left my knees weak.
At my touch, he groaned, deep and throaty.
 But his hands weren’t on me.
He broke away from the kiss and leaned back. Those glorious green eyes slid down my body. “Hmm, Marcelline,” he purred, “you are absolutely mouthwatering.”
My eyes traveled over him, too, and I grinned. “I could say the same about you.”
After another long moment, his gaze met mine. His pupils were dilated, but behind them was hesitation. His palms were pressed against the wall on either side of my shoulders and he struggled to hold himself still.
With no sense of unease or guilt, I didn’t know what was going through his mind. Resting my palms against his chest, I breathed, “What’s wrong?”
His voice was low but demanding. “Are you sure?”
A small sound of frustration erupted from my throat. I couldn’t be upset with him for being a good man. It was one of the reasons I loved him so much. “Yes,” I breathed, “I’m certain. Now, will you shut up and—”
He cut me off by kissing me, hard, his hands flashing to my face. Crying out into his mouth, I shivered.
Fuck me, his taste is divine.
His cool hands felt incredible, too. I didn’t realize my cheeks caught fire in my impatient desire.
A noise that sounded more like a squeal escaped me when my tongue scraped across a fang, sending electrified jolts straight through me, adding to the thrum of growing anticipation charging my nerve endings.
When his tongue brushed over the spot, catching a tiny drop of blood, he growled, the sound rumbling against me in all the right places. Before I realized I moved, my fists gripped his erection and he shuddered.
Moving with a light touch down my neck, his fingers slid over my shoulders, and then down my chest. My back arched toward him and I moaned breathlessly into his mouth when those deliciously cool hands found my breasts.
He held on to them with a gentle kneading of his fingers, and yet, he was still able to contact and tease my aching nipples. Another small cry came up my throat at the sensation. Though I wasn’t an expert when it came to men or foreplay, I didn’t realize a touch like that could feel so good. That delicious cool temperature only amplified its effect.
He broke away from my mouth in the next instant, and I gasped. His lips landed at the top of my neck, just beneath my jaw once more. “Holy shit, Liam.” My voice was breathy but strong.
Sharp fangs grazed the sensitive flesh on my neck and my knees shook as I cried out.
I whimpered when one hand released my breast and trailed down my body.
My toes curled in anticipation of what he was about to do.
A moan escaped me and my eyes rolled back when his fingers plunged inside me. Then those deliciously long and cool fingers slid out and circled my clitoris. My hips pushed a little toward him as I cried out, “Oh, fuck.” His fangs grazed against my neck again and I gritted, “Liam.”
It was a warning. I wanted him inside me when I came, not like that. Not at that moment. If he bit me, I knew I’d crash over that edge. I was already teetering on it.
In the next instant, his hands were gone and his mouth was on mine again, devouring my whimper. My hands flashed to his face to pull him closer in response.
But then he picked me up and I squealed in excitement as I wrapped my legs around him once more.
That was when I froze, remembering what I learned the previous night when I met Tobias. I broke away from his mouth and breathed, “Wait,” but he was already leaning back to look at me, confusion and concern written all over his features.
“We need,” I began and stopped. My mind didn’t want to focus. “I don’t use—” I was going to say birth control, but at that moment, I couldn’t remember what those words were.
“Marcelline,” he began. “Breathe.”
I did as he commanded and then nodded, my mind clear enough to focus, but not much else.
“I did not tell you this at breakfast this morning because I did not want to make you uncomfortable. Others will not become pregnant unless they want that to happen. And we do not carry any diseases. However, I will acquire condoms from one of the humans if you wish. Either way, we do not need to continue.”
“Such a gentleman,” I said. But his words weren’t lost on me. I had no reason to doubt them. “If you’re certain, then it’s fine.”
When he stayed still, realization hit me. He wanted me to say it specifically. I moved my hands up to the sides of his neck and let my fingers slide through his hair.
“No condoms. And I swear, Liam, if you stop, I make no guarantees about your safety.”
We both knew there was no way I would willingly hurt him, but he understood my point.
His lips twitched, but he still didn’t move. “Very well, it is better not to risk any unnecessary injury.”
Nodding at him, and in a chipper tone, I said, “Oh, good. I’m glad we agree.” And then more forcefully, I said, “Now, please, will you shut up and kiss me?”
I couldn’t be certain, but I thought he grinned an instant before his mouth was on mine again. By then I no longer cared. My hands pulled at him for a deeper kiss, and he responded to my silent request.
But he kept his body where it was.
My hips pushed toward him.
When that didn’t work, a small growl of frustration crawled up my throat. I did the only thing I could. I bit his lip hard enough to break the skin and then I sucked on the small bead of blood that rose to the surface. His guttural moan sent shockwaves through me.
That was when he finally moved.
With a quick shift of his hips, he impaled me to the hilt and I broke away from his mouth, gasping, “Holy fuck, Liam,” from the intensity of the sensation.
It didn’t hurt. At all.
A heady combination of filling me to the brim and his temperature left me mindless.
I kept my right hand on the back of his neck while his mouth moved to my neck in the next instant, kissing the sensitive flesh over my pulse. A growl vibrated through him as his tongue snaked out. Then he ground against me, forcing me to cry out at the dual sensation.
Moving my fingers deeper into his hair, I begged, “Please.”
I needed him to bite me.
As his hips moved back slowly, he let me feel every deliciously long and hard inch of him. I shuddered when his teeth grazed against my skin.
In the next instant, he impaled me again and as he did, his fangs pierced my skin, intentionally missing my artery. By the time he followed through his thrust with a grind, I was already crashing around him. “Fuck me, that is so good,” I cried as my whole body tried to push away from the wall from the intensity of my orgasm.
When my muscles stopped trying to contort my body, Liam pulled his fangs away, licking the two punctures and I felt them close. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew he bit his tongue, but I was too distracted by everything else he was doing to care.
As his hips started a slow in and out motion that made my toes curl, I begged, “Please, Liam. Faster.”
His mouth moved back to mine for another insatiable kiss and his speed increased. It drove me higher. Though I barely had enough time to come down from my orgasm, I couldn’t get enough of him, and I was already at the precipice of my next one.
I broke away from his mouth. “More,” I cried, feeling the wave coming for me.
With a moan, Liam’s arms tightened around me and I knew he was close, too.
I dipped my head toward the curve of his neck and bit him, sucking the tiny beads of blood to the surface. At the same time, lights exploded behind my eyes and a cry erupted from my throat as I came. And then Liam followed after me with a shuddering groan.
Chapter 49



Liam stayed where he was, still inside me, arms around my waist, leaning his head back enough to meet my gaze after I moved my mouth away.
Those brilliant green eyes were still dilated as they flashed against the light in the room. Though it was a little strange to see a man’s eyes glow like a cat’s, it didn’t bother me with him.
My arms tightened a little over his shoulders while I tried to slow my breathing, but I didn’t care. “You don’t mind that I bit you, right?” I asked between breaths.
He raised his eyebrow. “No, Marcelline. I do not.”
I grinned at him. “Good.”
His lips twitched, and then he asked, low, “How are you feeling?”
Dropping my head back to rest it against the tile behind me, I smiled with a breathy laugh. I didn’t think I could formulate the words to describe how I felt. So instead, I sighed, “Oh my god.”
He stayed still, watching me, and with another sigh, I lowered my head. “Are you okay?”
“That is not what I would say.”
I narrowed my eyes at him and his lips twitched. Releasing my hold around his hips, I lowered my legs to stand and he let me, ensuring I was steady before giving me a little space. He kept his arms at my waist and I rested my palms on his chest.
“Okay,” I said, clearing my throat like I was about to deliver a speech, “please clarify then.”
“Very well,” he began. “But first, we should get out and dry off before you turn into a prune.”
I snorted. “That’s fine with me. It is a little stifling in here. Despite your temperature, it’s not helping.”
“I suspected as much,” he grinned and then reached out to turn off the shower.
Once the water stopped flowing, he brushed his thumb over my cheek. “Stay here, there are pieces of broken chandelier out there and I do not want you to cut yourself.”
I ground my teeth together. “I’m not certain I want to know how much that thing will cost to replace.”
“Mere pennies, ma chère.”
It didn’t take a genius to know he was lying, but I knew he didn’t want me to worry about the expense of anything after living at the edge of poverty all my life. “Ooh,” I cooed in mock excitement over a bright idea, widening my eyes for effect. “Maybe I can scrounge up enough if I dig through the couch cushions around here.”
As I hoped, he chuckled and made his way around to the old coat hanger. He snatched two towels from its hooks and made his way back to me.
I couldn’t help myself, I watched him move with rapt interest. It didn’t escape my notice that he still looked ready, even though I knew he came, too.
It made my mouth water.
He caught me looking and a sly grin stretched across his mouth.
That was when I remembered what happened during my frenzy and I snorted, dropping my face into my hand. Beneath my sudden rush of humor and embarrassment, I felt regret.
Liam was there in the next instant, his finger coaxing my chin to look up at him.
When I lowered my hand and met his eyes, he asked, “What is wrong?”
“Um, well,” I paused, and then I shook with suppressed laughter. “I ruined another shirt.”
“It was already stained from your blood. But if you are referring to ripping it open, you can do that anytime you wish.”
I searched his eyes for a moment. “It seems I tend to lose myself around you.”
The look in his eyes wasn’t something I could define, and as he stood there, motionless, I began to worry. “Did I say something wrong?”
“No, ma chère. You did not.” Tossing one towel over his shoulder, he draped the other over me so it hung like a cape. Then his hands moved to my face and I shivered. “I feel better with you as well.”
“Fuck me,” I breathed, “it’s like I hit a cosmic jackpot.”
Confusion flashed over his features.
My lips twitched, “Allow me to rephrase. How did I get so lucky to not only find you but share this with you too?”
“I have wondered the same.”
“Speaking of which,” I began, remembering his question before he cut me off with a kiss that could burn through stars. “You asked me earlier what you did to deserve me. My answer to either question is the same.”
The words hung on the tip of my tongue, but I wasn’t certain if he wanted me to say them. After a long, moment, he asked, “And what is your answer, ma chère?”
“You exist.”
One of those slow, gentle kisses of his warmed me from the inside. “Thank you,” he said as he pulled back and leaned his forehead against mine.
I reached up to his face and my towel fell from my shoulders. Leaning back enough to meet his gaze, I asked, “For what?”
“Existing too.”
Those two words hit me like a freight train. I wanted to tell him I loved him so bad my lips were tingling with it. But I forced them back. “Oh, Liam,” I breathed and closed the distance between us and threw my arms over his shoulders, hugging him.
His cool arms wrapped around my middle and I felt him dip his head toward the curve of my neck before he kissed me there. Still holding me, he picked me up and carried me to the bedroom.
After I was steady on my feet, he moved quickly, catching any droplets he could find that still clung to me with his towel.
I attempted to take the towel from him to do the same in return, but he tossed it to the side and put his hand on my waist. His thumb moved over the spot on my abdomen where the dagger cut through it and I shivered.
“Uh, Liam?”
“Yes, ma chère.”
“You said you’d explain how you felt.”
“Right,” he began. “Do you mind if I show you as I explain?”
“Of course not.”
“Very well. Now, let me make sure I remember.”
Just as quickly as he began caressing the spot where I was stabbed, his hand was gone. Cool fingertips trailed down my jaw, and I forced myself to breathe. The corner of his mouth lifted into a small smile as he kept moving down along my neck, right over my pulse.
A shiver passed through me.
He kept going, moving with a light touch across my collar bone and down one arm. Reaching the back of my hand, he moved to the other, before dragging back up. Goosebumps erupted across my whole body, tingling as they bloomed.
“You requested I clarify what I felt after we…,” he paused.
I groaned in frustration, trying to focus on his words, but that slow torture of his fingers was going to drive me insane.
“What is the right term, I wonder?” he mused, fingers beginning a slow descent right down the middle of my chest.
“After we fucked?” I offered.
“No, that is not right,” he shook his head and trailed his touch along the lower edge of my breast. As those deliciously cool fingers curved up and around, he went on, “Maybe—”
I cut him off from my mounting impatience, “Yes, we made sweet, sweet love, Liam. Now, will you please shut up about proper terminology?”
His fingers brushed over my nipple and I hissed, but he was already traveling to my other breast. “I suppose that will suffice. You asked that I clarify what I felt since okay is not sufficient—” I shuddered as he finished circling the outside of my breast, and just like before, he passed over my nipple and I clenched my fists “—did you not?”
I growled and grabbed his wrist, stopping his advancement down my abdomen.
He clucked his tongue in a chiding fashion and shook his head. “I simply cannot continue if you stop me, now can I?”
“Dammit, Liam,” I whimpered. “What are you doing?”
“I am attempting to explain, as you requested. Would you prefer I stop?”
“You know,” I narrowed my eyes at him, “when you said that avoiding the point was a fatal flaw of yours, I didn’t realize you were being serious.”
“You are straying off-topic, Marcelline. Would you prefer I stop, or may I continue?”
“Fuck me,” I gritted. “I’m going to regret this.”
“No,” he cooed, “that would be much worse than okay, would it not, ma chère?”
I took a deep breath, trying — failing — to hold myself together so he could arrive at his point. Reluctantly, I let go of his wrist. “Continue.”
“Very well. Now, where was I?” he paused, circling his fingers around the same spot on my abdomen. “Oh, yes. I remember. You asked that I clarify, did you not?” His fingers continued making those slow circles.
“I did,” I replied, knowing what he was about to do.
A whimper escaped me as his hand started to fall. But he stayed quiet.
Then, he rounded the apex of my thighs with an agonizing slowness before plunging his fingers inside me, pushing the heel of his palm against my clitoris, but he otherwise stayed still. I hissed and then clamped my mouth closed.
“I do believe I was still somewhere in this region when you asked me if I was okay. I wanted to tell you that I was absolutely—” he flicked his long, cool finger toward him in a come hither motion and a small moan rumbled in my throat “—positively—”
There was another flick and I gripped his wrist, but I didn’t stop him. “Holy fuck,” I whispered, dragging out the first word like I added an oh right in the middle.
He ignored me and went on, “Floating—” another flick and my eyes slid closed “—on cloud nine. But,” he paused, “I did not have the opportunity.” He flicked his finger once more, grinding the heel of his palm against my clitoris at the same time.
I cried out, letting my head fall back.
But then, in an instant, his hand was gone and I no longer held his wrist. I was holding nothing but air.
My head lowered as my eyes snapped open and I glared at him. “What—” I stopped when I realized what I did. He was still inside me when I asked him if he was okay, but then I dropped my legs and put distance between us when he said, That is not what I would say.
The frustration burning through me fell away and sadness washed over me. “Dammit, Liam.” I stepped forward and rested my palms against his chest. “You could have said something.” As I met his gaze, I said, “If you want to keep going, just say so.”
A rush of guilt erupted from him and my hands moved up to his face in response. “Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
The muscles in his jaw worked for a moment. Then, he said, “No, Marcelline. It should be me apologizing. I should not have done that.”
I shook my head, “Stop, Liam. Do not feel guilty or upset about that. You asked and I gave you permission. Twice. You proved your point much better than if you just said you wanted to continue.”
His eyes searched mine, but he kept his hands at his side and stayed quiet, all while I still felt the guilt rolling off him.
I hurt him by putting that distance between us and again when I reacted to his slow torture and withdrawal with a flash of anger. Tears stung my eyes. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” I breathed, dropping my arms to give him the space he needed.
His cool hands caught me at my elbows and lifted my arms back where they were. “I did not tell you that an orgasm would not slow me down and I let you stand because, at that moment, that was what you wanted. I could never disrespect you like that. Even if the only reason you did so was that you thought I was finished.”
“Jesus, Liam,” I breathed and wrapped my arms around his shoulders, hugging him.
He didn’t hesitate to return my embrace.
I said, “I know you love taking your time getting to your point, but when it matters, will you please just be blunt and tell me so you don’t end up hurting because of it?”
His arms tightened around me. “I will do my best, ma chère.”
“Thank you.”
We held each other like that for a time, as we comforted each other. It was difficult, but I managed to keep from telling him I loved him.
When I felt no other traces of guilt or sadness from him, I dropped into astral to check his aura. It was a tornado of dark blue and deep pink. The way it was supposed to be. I smiled against him for a moment and dropped back out.
Then I said, “Do you mind if I ask you something?”
“Anything.”
“How many times can you go before you do slow down?”
He chuckled. “I do not know if I have ever counted.”
I leaned back and he met my gaze. “Seriously? That’s like a man’s badge of honor.”
His lips twitched. “I have never counted because it never mattered. Others heal and regain energy faster than humans. Vampires are much faster still.” He grinned. “Perhaps, if we will be granting awards, we should base them on how many times I can please you, ma chère.”
His eyes dilated as he caught the scent of the desire that washed over me at his words. “Oh, this is going to be fun,” I grinned at him.
An excited squeal escaped me when he picked me up and moved with a blur. Before I fully registered what he was doing, I was wedged between the bed and his long and deliciously hard body. His hand roamed over me. But nothing more.
“Um, Liam?”
“Yes, ma chère,” he breathed against the curve of my neck and I shivered.
“What are you doing?”
His cool hand began a slow torture of my breast and I hissed from the sensation. “What do you mean?”
“Well, you see,” I began and parroted Tobias’s words, “when a man and a woman enjoy each other’s company—”
“Marcelline,” he growled and I laughed. Then, he said, “I will not rush with you. That would not be honorable, now would it?”
“Fair point.”
“Furthermore, it would be preferable for me to learn all I can about what you enjoy the most, would it not?”
“I like the way you think. But don’t wait too long, or I might — oh fuck me.”
He impaled me to the hilt and his hips ground against me. “Better?” he groaned. It was nice to know he wasn’t unaffected either.
I moaned, “Oh hell yes.” Then, I begged, “Now would you shut up and get on with your honorable ways, Liam?”
He chuckled as he started moving.
It was slow and torturous, and I loved every second of it.
Chapter 50



True to Liam’s word, after twelve orgasms of my own, I stopped counting. It no longer mattered how long he or I could continue. The only thing that mattered was that we were together. When he did stop, it was because I was hungry and still dangerously low on my blood supply.
Out of so many unknowns and terrors, the last thing I expected was Liam. He was unlike anything I imagined possible. It wasn’t that he took in the remnants of my family. It was in the way he took care of me. Offered so much more than a safe refuge.
Twice he saved me from death, but countless other times, he was there. Giving me what I needed. A guardian of my sleep. Distraction from my grief and fear. Or comfort when I was overwhelmed.
He stayed by my side. Found answers to some unknowns, and vowed to search for the rest. Promised to teach me how to defend myself and help me adjust as I endeavored to control my inherited scream.
It didn’t seem as though he did any of it out of some archaic sense of responsibility as the master of his nest. He did them because he wanted to. For me. To say that I was awestruck and fallen head-over-heels into an infinite abyss of loving Liam, was an understatement.
We ate and then laid naked on our sides, facing each other with the creamy velvet blanket draped over our hips, enjoying idle conversation. All the while, my fingers traced the raised scars on his chest while he did the same for my curves and edges. After a time, he asked me about the nightmare that nearly killed me.
For the sake of honesty, I wanted him to know about my other dreams, too. I described the dream of him silhouetted in the lantern light. Then I explained how I could see him after I bound to the moon, but left out what happened with his eyes.
He caught my blush of embarrassment. “Marcelline,” he crooned while his lips twitched, “I do believe there is something you did not tell me.”
Fuck me.
“It’s not relevant,” I evaded.
“Every detail could be important.” Though he was trying to sound serious, I could see the humor in his eyes.
I rolled onto my stomach, buried my face in my hands, and groaned. “Please,” I begged through giggles. “Don’t make me do it.”
“Very well,” he said, but I heard the sadness in his voice.
I turned my head to look at him, but he wouldn’t meet my gaze. “Dammit, Liam. You’re not playing fair.”
“It is fine. You do not need to tell me.”
That sadness dripped from his voice and I panicked. “I could feel your eyes, and you were very careful where you looked, okay? It’s not—”
His shoulders shook and those green eyes met mine, glittering as he tried not to laugh.
In my exasperation, I turned back on my side and cried, “Hey!” as I swatted at him, but he caught my wrist with ease, kissed my palm, and released me in a second. “You tricked me.”
A small chuckle escaped him.
“It’s not funny.” I tried to sound serious, but it came out like a giggle.
“Ma chère, I would not have pried if your aura and your scent did not change. I knew it was,” he paused, “shall I say, enjoyable for you.”
“It wasn’t that fun, Liam.”
“Regardless, I was curious. You do not need to tell me anything you do not want me to know. Ever.”
“It’s not that I didn’t want you to know. I knew you’d tease me for it.”
“I admit, it is delightful to know you want me in your dreams.”
I snorted. “I always want you, why would it be different in my dreams?”
“Touché, ma chère.”
“Have you dreamt of me?”
He nodded, “Indeed, I have.”
“Was it fun?”
“That is not what I would say.”
That caught my attention and my eyebrows rose. “Oh, really?”
“Marcelline, any experience with you is exhilarating.”
Damn, I adore this man.
“That’s a good answer,” I breathed, and kissed him. Once my rationality returned, I decided not to tell him how that dream began long before that. Those were so nondescript and shrouded in darkness that I didn’t think it mattered.
Moving on to the next dream in the sequence, I described every detail I could remember. Liam was, in a word, shocked. Once I finished, he clarified that it began after we met and then confirmed it was a memory. The only explanation he offered was tied to Anubis.
“I’m not an expert on Egyptian Mythology,” I began, “but I’ve never read anything that indicated Anubis could do something like that.”
He shook his head, “It would not necessarily be related to him. Merely being a demigod could grant you access to other, more subtle abilities, much like Angela’s clairvoyance. For example, Beatrice can escort souls to the Underworld herself.”
My eyebrows went up as I put the pieces together.
Not only did I practice a unique form of Voodoo, but I also, as of the previous night, could access moon magic. My dreams were a strange — and somewhat terrifying — unknown territory. Combining that with whatever other abilities I might access after completing the last ritual was overwhelming.
“That is a lot of power for one person to possess.”
“Yes, ma chère,” he nodded. “That is why Beatrice warned us about a potential change in your personality. Which, by the way, I am still not concerned about.”
My mind didn’t stray that far yet, but it was on its way. “Thank you.” I lifted my hand and rested it against his cheek. “Lucia was really incredible, Liam. I wish I could’ve known her.”
Though those green eyes watched me for a moment, with a red tinge in them, he didn’t speak. Leaning forward, he kissed me. It was another of those slow, gentle ones that made my heart melt. By the time he leaned back, that redness was gone.
Knowing he wasn’t comfortable continuing on the subject, I lowered my hand and explained what happened in my nightmare. When I finished, I asked, “Do you have any idea how I almost died from it? That’s supposed to be bad scary movie territory.”
He chuckled. “You and Aisling will get along famously.”
My lips twitched, “Movie buff too, huh?”
“She has an uncanny ability to make connections as you did.”
“I don’t know her well yet, but she seems like a really wonderful person.”
“Because of my friendship with Aisling’s grandmother and mother before their deaths, I wanted to help her. Being the first Earthen to emerge in centuries was secondary. But it did not take long for me to care for her like a daughter.”
Watching him talk about her was enough to tell me how he felt. I may not have known the whole story about what brought her to that point. Or the full extent of her role in the supernatural world. But his words, combined with what I did understand, meant that, to him, she was worth every sacrifice.
That was enough for me to be willing to do the same.
But before I could say it, he said, “To answer your question, I believe it was a night shade.”
“A what now?”
“It is, shall we say, a living thing created by a spell to assist in keeping a person asleep to carry out a specific dream or nightmare. If it is designed for it, and strong enough, it can hurt or even kill the dreamer.”
My head was spinning. “Okay, so was he in the spell too, or was he just a representation?”
“That is a good question, either is possible, it just depends on how he structured his spell.”
“Let me get this straight. That asshole not only killed my family, presumably because of the Voodoo we practiced, but he’s also a witch that can perform a spell like that?”
He shrugged. “He could have hired a witch to do the dream spell for him. In any case, we will need to cast a counterspell to prevent it from occurring again. If another night shade is created and the same person casts it, it will not work again.”
“But not if someone else makes one?”
“Unfortunately, the sheer number of applications for a night shade is too broad for a spell to cover effectively. The best method is to prevent one from occurring again from the same witch. They are not all bad, ma chère.”
“Please tell me somebody knows how to block it. I won’t be able to stay awake forever.” As I finished, I yawned and then groaned. “Dammit.” Underneath was a layer of fear that could suffocate me at any moment.
“Such a spell should not be possible to cast again quite so soon, so you are safe to sleep. In the morning, we will do the spell. Furthermore, I will be here. Should I sense you are uncomfortable in any way, I will wake you.”
“But you said night shades are designed to keep people asleep.”
“They assist, but the dreamer is perfectly capable of waking up.” He grinned devilishly, “I am certain I will think of something to rouse you.”
I snorted. “Well, that’s a relief.” Then I yawned again.
“Come,” he said, “you should sleep.” As he finished, he snatched the velvet blanket, pulling it over both of us. “Turn around,” he instructed.
As I did, his cool skin pressed against my back. And then he wrapped his arm around my middle, holding me secure. I smiled, but I was already dozing.
The last thing I heard was Liam’s soft croon, “Sleep, Marcelline,” as I drifted off.
Chapter 51



Returning from oblivion into wakefulness, that intoxicating, sweet mint filled my nose and I sighed. Liam’s cool breath passed through my hair just above my forehead.
Several long moments passed before he inhaled and I realized my palms were pressed against his bare chest. Like he was my temperature regulator. And while I felt warmer than I preferred, it wasn’t the only reason I needed to feel more of his skin.
Snuggling closer to him, I smiled. Yet again, sometime in the night, I abandoned my pillow in favor of his arm. Then, his hand trailed over my bare skin and came to rest on my cheek. With a contented sigh, I shivered.
He said, low, “Good morning,” pulling me with him as he rolled on his back.
As I did the morning before, I curled into him, resting my head on his chest while my arm ran the length of his torso. I hitched my leg up over his to touch as much of him as possible. The fact that we were both naked only added to that delicious thrill that passed through me.
Even though it wasn’t intentional, my knee brushed against his erection and I grinned when a breathy groan came up his throat. It was empowering, to say the least, to know he wanted me, even in little moments like that. “Hmm,” I purred. “Good morning to you, too.”
Despite his efforts to hide a small chuckle, his breath still rushed out of him all the same.
For a few long moments, we laid there like that, his hand on my cheek, the other splayed across my back, and me covering as much of him as I could. Then, he spoke. “Marcelline, I have a theory I would like to test.”
“Oh? And what’s that?” I breathed, keeping my eyes closed.
“Perhaps it would be best if I show you.”
With reluctance, I sighed, “Okay, fine.”
Lifting me up and over him before I registered the movement, my eyes snapped open to find I was straddling his hips. The sudden jolt of pleasure forced a gasp from me as I felt that cool, hard length of him pressing against me in exactly the right spot.
 “Well, hello,” I purred, as I rested my hands on his chest to hold myself up.
With a quick shift of his hips, he then began a slow, agonizing motion to enter me.
My jaw fell open and my eyes slid closed from the sensation that crawled across my whole body. The feel of him sliding inside me, inch by inch as it cooled me from within was far more intense than I ever imagined. “Oh, fuck me,” I breathed.
As he continued entering me, his cool hands slid to my breasts and the jolt of pleasure forced a shudder from me as my head fell back. With that same slow, gentle kneading of his fingers that still teased my nipples, goosebumps tingled as they bloomed across my body.
Unable to help myself, I bit my lip, arched my back toward him, and then dropped my hips the rest of the way, taking him all the way to the hilt before following through with a slow grind that left little explosions firing off behind my eyes.
He groaned as he arched up to meet me.
“Shit, Liam,” I hissed, “this is so fucking good.” As I finished speaking, I lowered my head and opened my eyes to meet his gaze. The emerald in his irises was almost gone from how much his eyes were dilated.
My hips slid forward. “What exactly is this theory of yours?” I asked, dropping my hips backward with another grind, and my eyes closed. Moaning at the sheer pleasure of what was happening, I maintained the same slow and torturous tempo and bit my lip as my head fell back a little.
“How does this feel?” he asked in a low growl.
I was a little confused about his question. But I opened my eyes and tried to formulate a coherent answer. “Well,” I began, and shuddered, “it’s definitely more intense right now.” At the last word, my hips dropped back with another grind and a small cry crawled up my throat.
He arched up to increase the friction between us with a throaty moan. Then he asked, “Do you know why that is?” Once the last word was out of his mouth, that slow torture of my breasts was gone.
His cool palms pressed against my cheeks and I gasped from the intensity.
Holy fuck.
I would always love how his hands felt on me. Especially when I woke up feeling like my cheeks were on fire and my body wasn’t far behind. “Is this a test to see if—” I dropped my hips with another slow, agonizing grind and I moaned as he thrust tighter against me. Then, in a whimper, I finished my question, “—if it would help the burn when I wake up?”
“But of course. Is it working?”
My back arched and I dropped my head back as my tempo increased. When his hands went back to my breasts to continue their slow torture, I hissed as I dropped my hips back once more. “Oh my god, Liam,” I cried as he arched up to meet my grind.
He growled, “That is not an acceptable answer, Marcelline.” The trembling in his voice was unmistakable.
Anger flashed through me for a fraction of a second in reaction to his words before it cleared. The sheer ecstasy passing through every nerve ending in my body couldn’t be more obvious if it hit him in the head. “Dammit, Liam!” I said in a rush. By the time I was able to formulate a suitable answer, I dropped my hips back again and I cried out, “Yes, I like it, okay? So fucking much.”
He growled, “Excellent,” as my pace continued to increase.
My fingers flexed against his chest and I dug my nails in. It wasn’t enough to break the skin by any means, but it was enough for him to feel their sting. While my face was still pointed at the ceiling, I moaned, “Oh god, this is so good.”
And as soon as I said those words, I felt that wave building.
He noticed and his hands left my breasts and slid down to my hips, to assist my movements. Then he groaned, “Marcelline,” and I heard the warning in his tone. He was close too.
I dropped my head and forced myself to watch him as I moved faster, setting that wave in motion for the both of us. With one more agonizing grind, he came with a rumbling moan, arching up and pushing his head back into the pillow, using his hands on my hips to increase the friction between us.
Watching him set my blood on fire and I was lost, lights exploding behind my eyes as he helped keep me moving.
“Fuck, Liam,” I cried. “Don’t stop. Don’t fucking stop.”
It felt like I rode that wave — and him — forever, but I was perfectly fine with that.
Once my body finally let me relax, I was breathless. His strong arms encircled me, that deliciously cool skin felt divine.
After I took several more breaths, he said, “I do love the way you talk.”
I couldn’t help myself. I laughed. Then I lifted my head to rest my chin on his chest so I could look into his eyes. “It’s okay if you want to say what’s on your mind without censoring yourself. I promise I will not break.” I mirrored those last words back at him and grinned.
He cleared his throat, “Very well, then. Allow me to rephrase. I do love the way you talk while we are fucking.”
The distaste in his expression was obvious. Even to my ears, it felt wrong.
I rolled off him and gripped my ears. He let me go and I cried out in mock pain, “Oh my virgin ears! I am scarred for life,” laughing the whole way.
It only took him an instant before he followed after me. Though he didn’t press me into the mattress, he did plant his hands on either side of my shoulders to cage me in.
I was still laughing. But then it cut off and I moved my hands to his face when I saw the expression written in his features. “Stop, Liam. What’s wrong?”
“Are you making fun of me, Marcelline?”
I snorted. “Never.”
As I realized what he was doing, I panicked, knowing what was coming if I didn’t stop him. Wriggling my legs out from under him, he let me, but he didn’t move. Didn’t enter me again either, even though my movement put our hips in the right alignment. My efforts to distract him were failing.
“I do believe you were,” he growled.
And then he sat back on his feet so fast, I couldn’t react before he started tickling me.
I squealed, laughed, and writhed around, trying to escape him. Like the other times, he kept going until I surrendered. I cried, “Okay, you win,” through my laughter.
But before I realized what he was doing, he kissed me, hard.
Chapter 52



Liam’s chilled tongue dancing with mine, combined with his taste and the feel of his body pressing against me, left me wanting more.
So much more.
I would always respond to him like ice to a wayward soul in the stifling, arid desert. But not because of his temperature. That just amplified his effect.
The longer I spent around him and in his domain with those he trusted with his life, I was beginning to feel more at home than I ever did in New Orleans. I could just be and still feel accepted by everyone.
My connection with him was far stronger than anything I ever felt before.
Even though I found him incredibly sexy, and he made me feel like no one else in the world existed when he was with me, he was so much more than his reputation or position within the supernatural world.
Intense, with a playful side. Safe to those he cared for, but deadly to anyone or anything that stood as a threat. He was intelligent and cunning. Caring and thoughtful. Patient and kind.
He listened when someone spoke to him and ensured everyone around him felt important. His wealth was just an extension of those attributes. It was never something he flaunted for some narcissistic status symbol.
It was, simply, his way of providing for his people. It allowed him to address any situation as it arose without needing to deal with unnecessary obstacles. And though he carried that air of richness and authority about him, if Shadow and Bugs were any indications, his people mattered more than the opulence.
But, I wasn’t naïve. A vampire that lived over five centuries would need a capacity for much worse. A man that knew respect and honor as well as war. It allowed him to find a way through any situation to the best outcome possible.
With the lines of raised, white scars on his body, he knew the sharp sting of battle in his human life. By the time he became a vampire, his body was already a deadly weapon. He was probably no stranger to things like torture — both receiving and giving. That lethality was amplified by his otherworldly abilities as a predator.
I knew surviving and maintaining a reputation of respect in the supernatural community was far from easy. But he kept the faith of his people and made his enemies think twice before crossing him.
If the situation arose, I wouldn’t hesitate to be just as brutal if it meant I could protect anyone I cared about. Beyond Liam or my cousins, that included his people. Most of all, Aisling. And, for her sake, the ones she cared about as well.
Though he could make my nerve endings sing as I soared through the clouds, there was far more to Liam worth knowing, exploring, and loving.
And I couldn’t wait to learn it all.
Chapter 53



After our morning escapades, Liam and I showered and made our way to the kitchen. His shiny shoes and fresh, black suit with the pressed white shirt and crimson tie looked as mouthwatering as always. Even though I wore flared jeans and one of those black tank tops with the shelf bras and flats, I no longer felt a twinge of self-consciousness walking beside him.
Along the way, we greeted the kids, happily playing in the main hall with Shadow and Bugs. When the feline dropped a red ball at my feet, I picked it up and realized it shimmered with a faint, white light. I glanced at Liam, “Why is there an aura on this?”
He offered me a small smile. “Connor spelled it to allow the ball to travel a further distance while playing with Shadow.”
My eyebrows rose. “So he’s not just playing with the kids for their enjoyment.”
“Not at all. Bugs began that way, but I believe that is no longer the case.”
As if in answer, the gray cat half-meowed, “Meh,” and then circled Liam’s ankles.
“I do believe that was a yes,” the vampire smiled for an instant before his expression cleared.
When I tossed the ball, still sticky from werewolf and cat saliva, Shadow bounded after it and somersaulted through the air, landing at Sylvie’s feet with his tail wagging behind him.
In the kitchen, Connor slid a few tendrils of long, brunette curls out of his way to reveal Aisling’s bare skin as she prepared breakfast. His hair tickled against the top of her shoulder as he kissed her on the side of her neck while their auras were both shimmering with a deep pink.
I looked down as if I was witnessing something meant just for them and noticed Aisling’s abdomen looked a little bigger than I remembered and a smile spread on my face as I realized why. “When are you due?” I asked.
Aisling met my gaze and smiled. “We’re not entirely sure. We’re guessing the beginning of March.”
My eyebrows shot up. She didn’t look pregnant enough to be giving birth in two months.
Though they both caught my confusion, Connor spoke, “For others, pregnancies are often around six months. But since we’re both Earthen, it’s roughly half that.”
I gaped, unable to hide my awe. “You’re Earthen, too?”
 “Not for long. I was just a witch. It’s not something most people outside this house know yet, so we’re trying to keep it that way as long as we can.”
“Thank you for telling me. I know you don’t have any reason to trust me yet.”
“Oh, stop, Marcy,” Aisling smiled as she cut an onion into small pieces. “After what you went through to make it here, we have no reason to not trust you.” Then, she shrugged, “Besides, if Liam trusts you, then we do too.”
That meant more to me than she knew. But it also told me that they weren’t unaware of Liam’s behavior. It made me wonder what else they noticed.
Light blue bled into her aura as her lips twitched. Then she stopped chopping the onion and lifted her knife. It wasn’t a threatening gesture, but it still caught my attention. “However, if you hurt him, we might have to kill you.”
Connor’s aura exploded with light blue and didn’t try to hold back his chuckle.
A small giggle escaped me. Even if I didn’t know the light blue indicated their humor, it was obvious Aisling wasn’t serious.
Beside me, Liam growled, low in his chest and my humor fell away.
Aisling snorted, “Relax, Liam.” And then she resumed chopping the onion in front of her, as if nothing happened, and said, “You know I’m kidding.” I didn’t know her well enough yet to guess why she intentionally upset him, but I knew there was a reason behind it.
When I glanced at him, the muscles in his jaw worked. Something primal made him grind his teeth together. Not threatening, but still a warning to her. Even as a joke from Aisling, he didn’t appreciate a threat.
Without thinking, I reached out and took his hand, lacing my fingers with his. His gaze flickered to mine and I realized my mistake. He probably didn’t want me to show affection or comfort in front of others. “Hey,” I breathed. “You know she didn’t mean it.”
I tried to release his hand to give him his space back, but he held on and ran his thumb over the back of my hand.
“There you go,” Aisling said in triumph, smiling as she eyed our hands.
The pieces of that little puzzle fell into place. She knew that if she pushed Liam, I would react to calm him.
Then she added, “You don’t have to be so stoic, Liam. Even if Angela didn’t realize you two are mates after the binding, we still have eyes. We can see how you feel and we aren’t going to think any less of you if you show some affection.”
I flashed her a smile of gratitude as Connor said, “Don’t act like you aren’t the happiest you’ve ever been since we met. It’s about time you found a little of that.”
Though I knew the vampire would never stop missing Lucia, I was glad to know that I eased his sadness a little and showed him he didn’t need to grieve her alone. No one should have to bear so much pain in solitude, least of all Liam.
But something was nagging at me from Aisling’s words. I didn’t think she would have revealed our connection if I wasn’t aware of it. “How did you know Liam told me we were mates?”
She snorted, “Tobias.”
If the vampire heard Liam’s words, that meant he heard everything else that came after.
“Well, that’s not embarrassing,” I said, looking down at the island’s surface, grinning as I blushed.
“You get used to it,” Aisling began and I looked up. “Pretty much everyone who’s not a witch or human can hear everything going on in here. They hear us all the time, and usually tease us for it, too.” She shrugged, “But it never seems to matter.” Stealing a glance at Connor, his answering grin held a little mischievous heat behind it.
The pink in both of their auras darkened before Aisling resumed her preparations, but as Connor kept his eyes on her their auras shifted further toward red in their growing desire.
I glanced at Liam, not certain what to make of his silence. “Are you okay?” I asked.
He squeezed my hand and leaned toward me, kissing the side of my neck. When he pulled back, he replied, “Yes, ma chère. I am fine.”
I thought perhaps he’d refute my terminology with, “That is not what I would say,” but he didn’t. That meant he really wasn’t happy about something.
Before I could ask, he spoke again. “However, I fear Tobias may lose a few fingers today.”
Connor’s entire aura shifted to light blue as he grinned at Liam. “I’d like to see that,” he said through chuckles.
I wasn’t certain if Liam was kidding, but based on what he told me beside the little pond two nights before, if Tobias was injured, he’d regenerate in less than an hour. And, from what I could tell, Tobias wasn’t afraid to push his father’s buttons, so he probably understood the risk he was taking by sharing details of our private conversation.
If Liam wasn’t kidding, I wouldn’t stand in his way.
“Have a seat,” Aisling said, not responding to Liam’s threat or Connor’s enthusiastic interest, and nodded toward the table, “I’m making omelets.”
A few minutes later, Zoe walked in and sat across from me. While we greeted each other with pleasantries, Connor set a cup of freshly brewed coffee on the island’s surface, signaling to Liam that his was ready. When the vampire reached him, he spoke while the Earthen started the next brew.
Nodding, Connor went to one of the drawers near the sink and rummaged around. Once Liam’s cup was doctored, he returned to the table and handed it to me with a grin before he sat.
“Thank you,” I breathed with a smile, holding the mug with both hands. I took my first sip, letting my eyes slide closed in pleasure. It was just the way I liked it. When I opened my eyes, I noticed Liam was watching me. “What?” I asked. “It’s really good coffee.”
He shook his head and offered me a small, innocent smile. “I was merely watching the look on your face.”
Zoe’s lips twitched. “You did look like you were really happy.”
I snorted and then shook my head. “It’s not orgasmic.” I paused, fishing for the right word, “More like an afterglow. I’d pick this coffee over a cigarette any day. I never did understand why some people thought that was satisfying.”
As I expected, the three witches laughed. Though I thought I heard a wheeze come from Liam, he otherwise stayed quiet.
Sipping more of the divine liquid, I lowered my hand and squeezed his knee for an instant before moving my hand back to the mug.
My attention went back to Connor as he closed the drawer he opened moments before, carrying a small piece of paper with him. He grabbed several items out of one of the upper cabinets and set them on the counter. Then, he began working.
Once he finished, he turned and walked toward us, holding a shot glass as he swirled the liquid inside. I watched as it sloshed and turned blue, like mouthwash, but then he pulled my attention to him when he said, “You’re going to work a spell. Are you ready?”
I took another sip of coffee and set it to the side as he placed the shot glass on the table in front of me before handing me the piece of paper. Then he lit a small candle and put it next to the shot glass.
“This spell is meant to block night shades. I’ll assist if you need it, but try on your own first. You need to do it exactly as I say.”
“Okay,” I hedged, glancing at the writing on the paper he handed me. There was a list of ingredients I didn’t recognize written underneath the words for the spell.
“Alright. You need to drink that,” he pointed at the shot glass. Then, focus on the flame. Once you feel your magic, you need to say those exact words—” he nodded at the piece of paper in my hand “—three times to cast it. You should feel it when it’s done.”
My eyebrows went up. “What’s my magic supposed to feel like?”
He shrugged, “It’s different depending on the person, but it’ll be slight, like goosebumps or hair rising on the back of your neck. When the spell is cast, it’ll stop.”
When I picked up the glass and tossed it back, Aisling said, “Marcy, control.” I didn’t know what she meant, so I swallowed, intending to ask her.
The burn going down my throat made me gasp and then cough.
But what happened next wasn’t something I expected.
Heat bloomed in me like a volcano erupted inside my heart and lava replaced the blood running through my veins. Sweat broke out across my body and my cheeks felt like they were melting from the intensity of the burn.
I wasn’t hot like someone just stuffed me in a cosmic oven to broil. My whole body felt like I just plugged myself into an electrical outlet from the sudden rush of desire that passed over me and left me breathless. I knew I was supposed to work the spell, but I was far too tempted to just climb on Liam’s lap, observers in the room be damned.
My hand shot out and gripped Liam’s knee as I tried to force myself to stay where I was.
“Just breathe,” Connor said with a low chuckle. “It’ll pass.”
That was when I realized what Aisling meant. It was a warning.
My eyes slid closed and my hold on Liam tightened as I breathed in. Something that felt like ice made contact with my cheek and I jumped, hissing from its intensity. At the same time, my eyes snapped open to see Liam’s arm extending toward me. His palm rested against my cheek to help combat the burn that he knew would be worst there.
Even though he knew it was jarring, he resisted the urge to let me go.
“Holy fuck,” I breathed and Connor laughed.
At that moment, I needed more contact with Liam’s deliciously cool skin before I spontaneously combusted into ash right in front of everyone.
I no longer remembered what I was supposed to do.
And I no longer cared.
All I could think about was touching as much of Liam as I could to ease the burn and satisfy the most powerful surge of desire I ever felt in my life. His hand slipped back to cover the side of my neck and his fingers slid through my hair.
My eyes closed from the intense sensation and I leaned into his touch. Then I started to move toward him, forgetting why I shouldn’t and not caring about that, either.
His other hand gripped the wrist attached to his knee and my hand tightened from the sudden jolt. I held his knee like my survival depended on it. Like it would help me extricate myself from my seat and move to his lap faster. But the sudden appearance of his cool hand on my skin made me hesitate.
“Marcy!” Connor snapped.
My eyes flashed open and I glared at him.
“Focus. Do the spell. Now.”
That caught my attention and I remembered the whole point of what I was doing. I forced back the desire just enough to look into the small flame and recite the words of the incantation.
It was strange, feeling goosebumps tingling as they bloomed over my skin from my magic. Because my body was melting from the heat. For me, goosebumps and heat just didn’t work together. I forced the unease away and finished it.
Feeling a strange sensation, like someone doused me with cold water, my goosebumps disappeared and the searing heat fell away, leaving behind the remnants of sweat. The desire raging through me lessened in intensity to a dull roar.
I breathed in, keeping my eyes on the table in front of me as I tried to collect my thoughts into some semblance of order. And then I realized Connor did that on purpose. “You could have warned me that would happen,” I told him, low.
He laughed. “Where would the fun have been in that?”
When I looked up, light blue glinted in his aura as if it was a body of water, slowly rippling against the moonlight. Aisling’s flickered with it a little, but mostly I caught the look of understanding sympathy at my reaction. Zoe’s aura was purple, not light blue, but her hand was covering her mouth and she was trying not to laugh. I wasn’t certain what to make of that.
But then I realized why Liam’s hands were still on me. He was waiting for me to acknowledge that I was in control. When I met his eyes and nodded, he let go of my wrist and lowered his arm. It surprised me when his fingers moved between my hand and his knee and he laced his fingers with mine, squeezing a little.
I wasn’t certain if that was a gesture of comfort or if it was something else.
“I was not certain you would stay in your seat, ma chère.” he mused, and the corner of his mouth rose in a small grin.
Connor laughed and Zoe’s shoulders shook. I caught the small shake of Aisling’s head as she turned to start making the omelets but she was still smiling.
I narrowed my eyes at Liam. “You know, I couldn’t help but notice you didn’t warn me either.”
“I would not have minded if you attacked me, but I knew you would,” he paused. And then he added, “Afterward.”
Zoe’s hand dropped from her mouth and she laughed, not trying to cover it any longer while Connor’s intensified.
Aisling’s lips twitched, but she said, “One word, Marcy. Revenge.”
I grinned at her. “Excellent idea.”
Liam was right.
She and I were going to get along very well.
Chapter 54



After breakfast, I was a little scared at the thought of my first spar. But as Connor led us through his long-form, those fears evaporated. I ended up looking out of Astral’s eyes without thinking about it. With my mind blissfully empty, I followed along.
The witch paired us off and when he announced that I would fight Liam, I shivered in response. Not because I thought he would hurt me. Far from it.
It was because I wanted to fight.
This is going to be fun.
Feeling composed and comfortable using Astral’s vision, I decided not to drop out for sparring.
While most of the others in our group moved to the edge of the mat to watch, Zoe padded to the other end to face Vlad. As he turned to face her, his aura shifted from purple to pink, but Zoe’s coloring caught Astral’s eyes.
It was different there. Like her aura was an old television, struggling to find a clear station. The purple was the static, but underneath was something entirely different.
First, it was pink mixed with a little gray. When Vlad flashed her a grin, without fangs, it brightened. The gray intensified like a winter storm and that pink deepened as it began to spark around the edges.
Since I was still in that strange trance, I didn’t try to analyze the emotion behind those colors. My astral focused on Liam and I smiled at him. Though it wasn’t a friendly smile, it wasn’t meant to be threatening, either. I couldn’t define what it meant, but I knew it was neither of those two extremes.
That same tornado of deep pink and dark blue swirled in his aura as he kept his expression blank. What I didn’t expect was the unease radiating off him.
To my left, Vlad spoke to Zoe, “I will not move faster than you can handle, Little Red.” The cadence in his voice was a little off, but I couldn’t place it. Zoe noticed, too. I wasn’t certain what it was she heard, but the pink beneath the purple static in her aura deepened.
Behind them, Astral noticed Shadow, sitting at the opposite end of the mat. His aura, too, was a similar purple static, but underneath were bits of orange floating around a cloud of dark blue, like fireflies hovering in a rainy summer evening.
“Marcelline, are you ready?” Liam asked in a low, even tone.
Refocusing my attention on him, I nodded and dropped into position. With my right leg forward and weight balanced, I raised my arms in front of me.
He didn’t need to tell me he wouldn’t go faster than I could handle. I knew he wouldn’t.
Somehow, it didn’t seem to matter if he slowed his pace.
“BEGIN,” Liam called.
Out of the corner of Astral’s eye, Vlad and Zoe looked like they were moving in slow motion. Like Zoe was adjusting to the fight with careful, measured actions. But I didn’t try to analyze why she would do that as a sly grin stretched on my face and I moved to strike.
Stepping forward, my fist swung out in an arc and Liam dodged it, but only barely as he dropped toward the floor. His aura flamed with orange and the deep pink darkened to red before he finished his descent.
He spun around, kicking out his foot, intending to sweep me off my feet. Literally.
I was ready for that.
Sidestepping, I pivoted around him until I faced him from the opposite side of his body. My fist shot out at a downward angle, aiming for his head. He backed away at the last second, but I thought I felt a few hairs of his beard graze against my knuckles.
Around me, auras lit up the room with orange, but I didn’t know why. Even Vlad’s pink shifted to it as he continued to move at Zoe’s snail pace. And as she started to gape at me, Liam barked, “Focus,” as he resumed his starting position.
His fist shot out and I deflected it with my forearm, attempting to reach around and catch him by the elbow, but he switched trajectory, pulling back, which left me grappling for nothing but air. As he moved to grip my outstretched arm, in an attempt to trap me in a hold, he left his body unguarded.
I seized my opportunity. My other hand shot out and connected with his ribs.
But I didn’t punch him.
If he were anyone else, I would have. Instead, my fist opened and I brushed my fingertips against him, like a momentary tickling.
As he shackled my wrist, I was already in the process of twisting around in the opposite direction he wanted me to go. Swinging my free arm out in a wide arc, I pivoted and then planted my foot to trip him.
His foot connected with my calf and he released me to catch himself. In his distraction, he didn’t see my hand hurtling down toward the curve of his neck. Rather than hitting him, my palm slid over his skin like a caress before I spun away.
While I resumed the first position and waited for him to reset, I asked, “Are you even trying to hit me?”
It wasn’t meant to be a taunt. I was genuinely curious why he’d allowed me to land two hits. I knew how fast he could move but it seemed like he was holding back a little too much to keep from risking me any harm. That wasn’t going to help me learn.
When he didn’t answer, I said, “I promise I won’t break.”
By the time he reset his starting position, I was already moving. One fist shot out, with my other only an instant behind, but he was anticipating it. His hand shot forward and twisted as he gripped my wrist, stopping my punch. He used the momentum of my other arm to assist in spinning me around.
I stepped out of the spin and planted my foot in front of his, tripping him once more. After colliding with my calf, the sudden shift in his balance forced him to release my wrist.
Rather than letting him catch himself, I caught him, reversing our positions from an instant before. It stopped his attempt to step out of the imbalance.
Pivoting to face him from behind, I gripped his shoulder, using the angle to restrain his arm in a hold that meant he needed to stay with it or risk dislocating it.
He stayed in my hold and I pushed him, face-first to the mat without slamming him on its surface.
I intended to pin him on his stomach, but before I could drop enough weight on him, his strength came to his advantage and he spun around to face me, breaking my hold in the process. I realized, too late, that I put too much weight on that arm. It threw me off balance and I began to fall.
The impact of my knees on the mat sent a jolt through me as they landed on either side of his hips. The reverberation running through my knees prevented me from catching myself before the rest of my body fell toward him.
I forced Astral’s eyes to squeeze closed, anticipating a flash of pain as I landed.
Chapter 55



Before I collided with his body, Liam caught me, stopping me from potentially hurting myself. Then, he shouted, “STOP.”
Vlad and Zoe already stopped fighting, so I wasn’t certain if he said that for my benefit. But it didn’t matter. The spar was over. Moving to my feet, I reached down to help him stand, grinning at him.
Though he didn’t need the help, I offered anyway. It seemed like the right thing to do. With one lithe motion, he grasped my hand and stood. As soon as he was on his feet, his hands held my face, eyes searching me.
That usual tornado of dark blue and a pink so deep it looked red swirled in his aura. But there were two others. The first was orange, hovering at its edges like the sun peeked around the storm. A lot of gray bled into it. While I knew that the orange revealed surprise, I didn’t know what to make of the gray.
Liam breathed, “Marcelline,” and I heard the fear in it. Was that what gray meant?
“What’s wrong?” I asked, surprised I didn’t sound breathless.
“Are you hurt?”
His question struck me as odd. It was more straightforward than I expected. A question like, “You are alright, are you not?” would fit much better.
And then I remembered.
I asked him to be direct if it was important.
My eyes opened as I dropped out of the astral plane and I met his gaze. “Yes, Liam. I’m fine. What did I do? Did I hurt you?”
Before he could answer, I heard Angela say, “Oh, fuck. That is weird.”
While I understood her words, I couldn’t make sense of them. I could worry about them later. Liam ignored her and stayed silent. Whatever was going on, he was shaken and that was my priority.
I searched his gaze, not feeling any guilt or unease coming from him. All I could see was a combination of fear and concern. As the silence stretched on, I started to panic. “Liam, what did I do?”
Angela spoke again. “Sweetie, your eyes were closed.”
“Marcy,” Aisling began as Angela finished, “you didn’t do anything wrong. You were doing something we haven’t seen before.” Even I could hear the unspoken question behind her words.
Because it was Aisling, I needed to answer it.
Not looking away from Liam, I said, “I was using astral projection.”
Connor spoke next, “Why—”
I cut him off, “I’ll answer any questions you have. Just,” I paused, still holding Liam’s gaze, “give me a moment.” My hands held Liam’s face. “Hey,” I breathed. “You didn’t hit me and I could see you the whole time. Tell me what’s going on, please.”
“How did you do that, ma chère?”
To say that I was confused was an understatement. I told him about astral projection before. Something else was going on.
“Both times I did the long-form, I just dropped into it without thinking. I was comfortable, so I kept doing it.” I took a breath, “I know you were moving slow and holding back but I’m okay. It was my first time, but I didn’t think I did too bad.”
Connor hedged, “Marcy,” but then he stopped as a quick flash of anger washed over me. I wasn’t certain, but I guessed he saw it in my aura. I knew they were curious about astral projection, but I needed to figure out what was going on first.
Zoe approached us and waited for me to look at her. When I did, her Australian accent was thicker as she said, “I don’t think he held back, Marcy.”
My hands lowered to Liam’s chest as I processed her words. “What?”
“My son,” Vlad began, “was reacting to you, Marcelline.”
I shook my head and looked back up at Liam, “Why didn’t you speed up a little? I know how fast you can move.”
His cool hands slipped back to rest at the sides of my neck and threaded into my hair. Then he said, “I moved as fast as I could and I was struggling to keep up with you.”
I couldn’t help the small smile that spread on my face. “Seriously?”
“I haven’t been doing this for long,” Angela said, “but weren’t there a few moves in there that were out of order from the long-form?”
Liam answered her with a nod, but his gaze never strayed from mine.
“I’m sorry,” I breathed and then glanced at Zoe. “I thought you were moving really slow.” I looked back up at Liam, “I-I didn’t know,” I paused and took a breath. “I was following my instincts. Did I hurt you?” I ground my teeth together at the thought that I might’ve hurt him again. It made my eyes sting.
He shook his head to stop my spiral. “No, ma chère. You did not.”
“Sweetie,” Angela said, pulling my attention to her, “you did the same thing we do when we spar with our mates.”
I blinked. My head was spinning too fast. Somehow, Astral allowed me to meet the speed of a vampire and hold my own. All while sparring with a man that knew war and battle for centuries when I never attempted anything violent before.
I was too confused to formulate a question.
With a small smile, she began, “You tickled his ribs. And your hand slid over his neck. You didn’t hit him.” She shrugged, “It’s instinctual.”
Playing through the sequence in my mind, I sagged in relief. The breath I didn’t realize I was holding rushed out of me and I rested my forehead against Liam’s chest between my hands.
As I moved, his hands wrapped around my shoulders to hold me against him.
After a few long moments, I leaned back and nodded to let him know I was okay. Then, reluctantly, I wrapped my arm around his waist and faced the group.
Before I could begin, Liam said, “Renata Crane used spirit projection when she confronted us in the Spirit Realm. It was not astral projection.” His gaze flickered to mine to let me explain the rest.
“Spirit projection will make a person visible here, like a ghost if there’s enough effort put in it. But astral projection is done only in the astral plane. Unless someone else is using it, you won’t be seen. That’s what I was doing.”
I watched for signs of confusion. Seeing none, I went on, “While I’m projecting, I’m still in complete control of my body, but Astral can move independently. I can still see through her, but the plane itself doesn’t look the same.”
“What do you mean?” Connor asked.
“It’s a little less detailed, but everything is still recognizable. There’s much less color, too, except for auras, now that I can see them. Those are just as vivid. But sometimes, they look a little different. For instance, Zoe and Shadow both appear to have purple in their auras here. But Astral can see a purple static with other colors underneath. There was a lot of pink and gray under Zoe’s right before the fight.”
Given the advanced hearing of many others in Liam’s nest, I knew, at least some of them overheard our conversation the previous night — just as Tobias did.
I forced down a wave of embarrassment and continued. “I’m guessing some of you overheard this already, but—” I eyed the vampires and the two ghouls “—you don’t have auras here. But since you’re sort of in-between — alive but not changing — your auras are there and Astral can see them.”
Pausing for a moment, I contemplated my next step.
Decision made, I tried to hide the small smile that threatened at the corners of my mouth. And then I nodded toward Vlad, “Yours was very pink before the fight began.”
I knew enough to know there was, at the least, a mutual attraction between the vampire and Zoe. I revealed enough to let them know about it, too. Vlad understood and flashed me a grin of approval.
A blush bloomed on Zoe’s cheeks. If it was from being outed, realizing the vampire felt something for her too, or both, I didn’t know. The vampire’s grin widened when he saw it.
If nothing else, I hoped that some good would come out of it. With luck, Zoe could at least take a break from walking on eggshells all the time.
When no one else voiced any questions, Liam looked down at me and I met his gaze. “We know that your skill while using astral projection is impeccable. However, I am curious how you will fare without it. You are willing to try, are you not, ma chère?”
My stomach dropped a little at his words.
It was important to know if I could handle myself without it.
“Okay,” I nodded. “Let’s give it a try.”
Somehow I didn’t think that plan would go well for me.
Chapter 56



Even though I knew Liam wouldn’t hurt me, I couldn’t help the sinking feeling that I was going to fail in my efforts. But, I took my starting position, with my right foot slightly in front of me and my arms up to guard my middle.
“Vlad,” Liam said, “call the fight, if you please.”
“Very well,” the vampire said from behind me. Then, he shouted, “BEGIN!”
I stayed where I was, not certain how to strike. There were far too many moves from the long-form for me to know which one to try.
Liam mistook my hesitation for letting him take the offense. Shooting forward in a blur that I couldn’t follow with my eyes, I barely had time to flinch, let alone try to block anything he tried to throw my way.
Something cool touched my cheek as his blurry form stilled with his arm extended toward me. If anyone else with enhanced speed attacked me, I’d have died before I realized the danger was there.
Confusion crossed Liam’s features for a moment and then he dropped his arm to move back into the first position. “Again?” he asked.
My heart rate thumped from the adrenaline that left me feeling like a lost puppy in a field of hungry lions. Taking a deep breath, I leaned a little toward my front foot, held up my arms, and nodded.
“BEGIN!” Vlad shouted.
That time I saw Liam melt into a blur and drop to the floor. He moved too fast for me to guess his intentions. As I instinctively tried to take a step back, I realized my weight was too far forward.
That was when something connected with my foot, swiping it out from beneath me. The impact didn’t hurt, but I immediately started falling toward the mat.
I tensed, bracing for the impact.
But before I landed, a pair of cool arms caught me and Liam stilled into focus once more. Once he felt I was standing safely on my feet, he stepped back.
“Marcelline,” Liam began, “it appears that outside of astral projection, your skills are—”
“Terrible?” I offered.
His lips twitched. “That is not what I would say.”
“Abysmal, then?”
A series of Shadow’s coughs registered to my ears as someone else — possibly Connor chuckled.
“Inefficient,” Liam finished.
“Well, don’t sugar coat it or anything,” I said, lacing my tone with sarcasm. Then, I asked, “Should we try again, but at a pace I can actually see?”
Liam regarded me for a moment and then said, “Since Zoe is relatively new to this as well, perhaps you should spar with her. You are willing to try, are you not?”
I nodded, “As long as Zoe is fine with it, too.”
In answer, she stepped toward me and took Liam’s place.
Vlad was the one to speak next. “Tobias, call the fight, if you please. I would like to spar with my son to see if he has grown soft over the years.”
I snorted. Beneath his skin, there was nothing soft about Liam’s body. Even with his extensive life span, he didn’t seem like the kind of person that lounged around.
Liam took his position to Zoe’s right, facing his father. It didn’t escape my notice that he took that position to better watch me take a beating.
Once the four of us were set, I spoke to the beautiful redhead in front of me. “Sorry in advance if I hurt you.”
“Same, Marcy,” Zoe said and closed her hands into fists.
“Everyone ready?” Tobias asked. But immediately after, he shouted, “BEGIN!”
While the two vampires moved in a blur, various sounds of grunting and thumps of hits landing at their targets registered to my ears.
Recalling the stances from the long-form, I wasn’t certain how to move from one to the next. I couldn’t even decide what to do. Tired of waiting for me to start, Zoe stepped forward, maintaining her stance as her fist shot out.
I saw it coming, but not until her arm was already in motion. In reaction, I extended mine to deflect her fist away from me, but I didn’t put enough muscle behind it. Because my arm wasn’t stabilized, it left an opening to my side, which she exploited with a roundhouse kick.
The impact of her foot against my ribs sent pain running throughout my body. I cried out from the intensity of it. She didn’t kick me hard enough to make me fall, but it was enough to knock me backward.
My feet moved to regain my balance, and, to my surprise, I managed to stay on my feet.
Liam stilled in response to my cry of pain. Almost as soon as he appeared, his head snapped to the side when something impacted his face. “Focus,” Vlad growled loud enough for me to hear him.
That was when I realized the truth of why Liam was challenged. Centuries passed since Lucia died, and since I wasn’t a fighter like she was, his instincts were telling him to come to my aid, danger to himself be damned.
It was a lesson for him as well.
“Liam,” I gritted through the pain and heavy breaths, knowing he could still hear me. “Pay attention to what you’re doing. I’m fine.”
When I resumed the starting stance, I made a quick plan of attack. But it failed before it ever began.
Though we both hurled punches in the same instant, hers reached me first. My cheek exploded with pain from the impact and lights exploded behind my eyes.
A shockwave crawled up my arm from my fist to her face, surprising both of us. The nerves in my hand ignited like a flash burn for an instant, but I didn’t think I broke any bones.
Zoe hissed, but it didn’t slow her down. She advanced toward me, kicking out with her foot so fast, I almost missed it.
If I managed to keep her foot away from my ribs and abdomen, a counter-attack might prove useful. Throwing a punch, I lifted my leg to block her kick.
Her foot impacted my knee with an audible pop and I hissed, too breathless to cry out. I kept most of my weight on my back foot and dropped the other in case she tried to trip me.
As she deflected my attempt at a punch, she followed through with the motion, twisting her hand around to grip my forearm. At the same time, she sidestepped and pivoted to spin me around.
Caught in her hold, I couldn’t twist free without disconnecting my shoulder. The best thing I could think of doing was to spin around faster in hopes of preventing her next blow.
I realized, too late, that I went too far as my back opened up to her. The only thing I could do was keep spinning to avoid whatever she planned to throw at me while she could access my back.
Taking too much weight, my knee exploded like someone put gunpowder on my nerves and lit it on fire. I didn’t know what was broken, but it hurt like hell.
Before I could attempt to adjust, something impacted the middle of my back so hard, the room spun. In the same instant, my arm was freed, letting the momentum of Zoe’s blow carry me forward. Unable to break my fall, I impacted the mat, and all the air whooshed out of me.
Almost as soon as the air left me, my body screamed for more. Nerves in my neck and shoulders melted into lava and pressure began to build in my head. I flipped over, to encourage my lungs to inhale, and that searing pain spread like a wildfire.
Panic took over.
If I was in a real fight, I would be dead by that point.
My heart rate increased, pounding against my ribs in protest to send more oxygen throughout my body. There was a blur of movement above me and then Liam stilled, looking down with concern. His mouth moved but I didn’t hear what he said.
When the agony reached a fever pitch, my lungs reopened. My back arched, pushing my head back into the mat to open my throat and I gulped in delicious air. The flames melting my cheeks combined with my liquified nerves made me feel like I was being cooked alive.
Something cool touched my arm, but I didn’t know what it was. It was my only source of comfort at that moment. On instinct, I gripped it, digging my nails in, afraid it would disappear and all that would remain was unbearable pain.
Ice contacted the curve of my neck as I pulled in another breath and my back released me, letting me fall back to the mat. I was still too mindless to do anything but breathe and hope my heart would stop beating itself against my ribcage.
As the pressure from lack of oxygen began to release, it left behind the searing heat from the injuries I sustained in my fight with Zoe. I met Liam’s green gaze and that blissful coolness at my neck disappeared.
Before I realized what happened, his wrist was at my mouth. I accepted it, gripping the back of his hand while I maintained our eye contact. When I pulled a few drops, I ran my tongue over the twin punctures as they healed.
Swallowing, I released him and that delicious cold returned to my neck. More pain flashed through me. My hand, cheek, knee, ribs, and back howled in agony, and then the pain evaporated like it was never there.
Still breathless, but no longer in pain, I said, “I’m sorry.” And then, stronger, “I’m going to go out on a limb here—” I took a breath “—and say that wasn’t—” another “—even close to what I did before.”
Liam’s lips twitched and he steadied me on my feet before kissing my forehead. He didn’t like seeing me in pain. It was written all over him. Given his reaction when I first cried out from pain, I didn’t think his fight with Vlad went well, either.
“Marcelline,” Liam began, releasing me, “how quickly can you use astral projection?”
I blinked and looked out from Astral’s eyes, moving to stand at Liam’s other side. An instant after I dropped back out and opened my eyes, Liam stopped his spin, those emerald eyes meeting mine.
“Is that fast enough?” I asked and grinned.
Chapter 57



The relief coming from Liam was almost palpable and the smile he offered me took my breath away. I knew he felt better knowing that I wasn’t entirely helpless. And, to be honest, I did, too.
I couldn’t help myself, I smiled back at him, happy to see a little joy on his face.
Off to the side, Vlad extended his wrist to Zoe, offering his blood to heal her. She stayed silent but flashed him a quick grin in gratitude before grasping his forearm to take a small pull.
She didn’t meet his gaze, but there was a sudden flare of a deep pink in her aura when her lips contacted his skin before the purple took over once more. When she let him go, he lowered his arm, but I saw the dilation in his eyes.
The muscles in her jaw worked in an attempt to hide the momentary pain of healing. I couldn’t be certain, but when she noticed the vampire’s dilated eyes, I thought I saw a little blush bloom on her cheeks.
“I have a thought,” Connor said, meandering toward the center of the room.
“That’s a dangerous prospect,” Tobias said with a grim shake of his head.
A chuckle escaped from Salvatore at the vampire’s comment, but Connor ignored him, not taking the bait.
Liam, on the other hand, did.
I could practically hear his teeth grinding together and I remembered his threat in the kitchen earlier that morning.
“Tobias,” Vlad warned, “if you value your safety, I suggest you stay quiet.”
Out of my peripheral vision, Tobias grinned at me.
“Relax, Pops, I know what I’m doing. I just,” he paused, considering his words, “helped move things along a little. Dad needed a little nudge to get the stick out of his—”
One instant, Liam stood in front of me, and the next, he was gone faster than I could follow.
Why would Tobias intentionally continue to bait Liam?
It took me a second to process everything, and when I did, the missing pieces fell into place. He told Aisling we were mates, knowing she would try to force Liam to loosen up.
Always with his guard up, Liam tried not to betray emotion. I wasn’t certain if it was because of his status as the master of his nest, or if he was hesitant because of his history with Lucia. Perhaps it was neither of those things.
I didn’t know how long it would have taken for Liam to relax enough to talk openly or even show me affection in front of his people. Though I would never push him to do it, I couldn’t help but appreciate the outcome.
There were already signs of those walls of stoicism crumbling, but Aisling’s idle threat was the wrecking ball that tore them down. Since then, his behavior in front of everyone was different.
In a good way.
Those momentary glimpses of joy were more pronounced. The way he looked at me was more unguarded. Little acts of kindness, like gifting me with a perfect cup of coffee, were more apparent. Even teasing me, in front of others, about nearly jumping him in a blind frenzy of desire from the spell I worked, was proof enough of that.
It showed just how much Aisling — and Tobias — cared for him.
Fuck me.
I promised myself I wouldn’t interfere, but I couldn’t stay quiet, either.
Tobias grunted with an audible oomph as his father landed a punch straight to his diaphragm.
“Stop, Liam,” I said, low.
He stilled, hands gripping Tobias’s shoulders as anger rolled off him. I could work with that, at least.
Not rushing as I went, I approached the two vampires. Though I couldn’t be certain, I thought I saw a little relief in the droop of Tobias’s shoulders.
When I reached them, I stood beside Tobias and waited until Liam met my gaze.
Before I could begin, the younger vampire spoke, “Took you long enough, M—”
Clamping my hand over his mouth, I rolled my eyes and glared at him. “Do you have a death wish, Tobias?” I gritted.
His eyes widened for an instant, but then he shook his head.
“Good, now will you shut up and stay that way while I talk?”
He nodded.
I lowered my hand from the vampire’s mouth and, as I turned my attention back to Liam, I thought I saw surprise in his expression for an instant. “I know this is between you and Tobias. All I’m asking is to listen for a moment. Take a time out, if you will. And then you can do whatever you want. I’m not going to stop you, okay?”
He nodded.
“Even if his actions left a bit to be desired — a lot, actually — and they were a blatant violation of privacy, he didn’t do it to be cruel. He was only trying to help you,” I paused, letting the words sink in.
The vampire blinked, processing. Though I knew he would listen, and, at least, consider my words, he didn’t have to agree with me.
I went on, “Why didn’t he threaten me? Why would he tell Aisling so she would do it?” My palm rested against his bicep and his cool skin made me take a breath. I offered him a small smile, “You would never hurt her. Obviously,” I paused, sticking my thumb out in Tobias’s direction with my free hand, “that’s not the case with this asshole.”
My lips twitched when Connor chuckled. But then I continued, “He knew he’d fail if he tried. But Aisling succeeded where he couldn’t.” I released his arm and lifted my hands in the universal signal for surrender. “That’s all I wanted to say. I’d offer to hold him for you, but I’m not strong enough.”
Jon took a step forward, catching my attention as he towered behind Liam. My gaze flickered up to him and his eyes flashed against the fluorescent lights. The corner of his mouth lifted in a small smile and I understood. “Maybe Jon will be willing to stand in for me?” I offered.
“With pleasure,” the vampire boomed as he grinned at Tobias, teeth in full view. There were no fangs visible, but there was no warmth in it. It felt like he was baring them.
It wouldn’t surprise me if, to the ones with impeccable hearing, the breach of privacy was like an eighth deadly sin. Adding eavesdropping to gluttony, envy, and the rest. It made sense why that would be the case. Especially living under the same roof.
As Jon meandered over, my gaze shifted back to Liam. He was studying my features, but I wasn’t certain what he was looking for.
I turned and smacked the back of Tobias’s head, knowing it didn’t hurt him.
“Hey,” he drawled, incredulous I struck him.
“I appreciate you were trying to help, but that’s what you get for eavesdropping.”
As I walked back toward my original place on the mat to wait, I noticed the auras of the people around me. I wasn’t certain when they began to shift, but the visible ones swirled with light blue and orange. Flickers of it peeked through Zoe and Shadow’s purple disguises. Even without an aura, the awe in Angela’s features was unmistakable.
But then something cool gripped my wrist and spun me around. A small cry of surprise tore out of me, and before I even processed what was happening, whatever held my wrist released me. In the next instant, Liam was there, hands on my face, kissing me.
A few various sounds of surprise reached my ears as I gasped. The contact of his cool hands on my cheeks sent a shiver down my spine. I didn’t know what prompted him to abandon Tobias’s punishment and kiss me breathless, but I couldn’t bring myself to care.
All I could do was grip the bare skin of his upper arms and hold on.
Too soon, he pulled away from the kiss and rested his forehead against mine.
Exhilaration replaced the blood flowing through my body at what just happened. Only moments before, I appreciated Tobias’s actions. To help Liam see he didn’t need to hide how he felt. But after kissing me like that, in the middle of the training room, I was grateful for them.
I groaned, “I take back what I said, Tobias. You are an evil genius with no regard for your own wellbeing.”
The vampire laughed but otherwise stayed quiet.
Smart move.
After another long moment, Liam lifted his head, locked his gaze with mine, and breathed, “You continue to amaze me, ma chère,” before releasing me and turning to look at Tobias. “While I do not approve of your action, my son, I appreciate both the reason for it and its outcome. However, do not do that again or you will face a far greater punishment.”
I didn’t need to see his aura to recognize the threat behind his words. He wasn’t even speaking to me and it made me pause. It didn’t scare me, but it was enough to catch everyone’s attention.
Tobias nodded and grinned. “You’re welcome.”
My eyes rolled, but I couldn’t stop the slow grin that spread on my face.
Remembering what caused our little interlude, I glanced at Connor and asked, “What was your idea?”
While he spoke, my amazement grew.
“Are you willing to try it?” he asked as he finished.
“Oh, hell yes,” I nodded at him and smiled.
Chapter 58



William picked up his business folio, scribbled something on his notepad, and barked out instructions. I gaped and watched the obstacle course in front of me transform.
Although I wasn’t surprised that the whole thing could be changed so they wouldn’t practice on the same course all the time, it was still impressive to see how the individual sections worked together.
Its main purpose was to help others with enhanced abilities to utilize their skills, but it wasn’t impossible to adjust it to suit a human’s agility and strength. That was fine by me. If given a choice between fight or flight, I’d pick an obstacle course over violence any day.
My odds of survival — without astral projection to help — was slim at best, anyway, but running didn’t seem quite as hopeless.
The ghoul’s eyes flitted along the course when it was finished, ensuring it was the way he wanted it. Satisfied, he turned to me. “When you begin, you’re not going to use astral projection. But I will call out so you can switch between them. We will monitor your performance throughout. Understood?”
I nodded.
“Excellent,” William grinned. “To the start, if you please,” he held out his hand like a gentleman opening the door for me.
Once I took my place and wiped my palms against the seat of my jeans, I wriggled my fingers and shifted my feet back and forth. Then William shouted, “BEGIN!”
Springing forward, my hands gripped the first of a series of rope ladders and I hoisted myself skyward. When I reached the end, I needed to grasp the next, but it was spaced far enough away that I would have to reach for it, or jump. I opted to reach. It took me a little longer, but I didn’t think I would be able to catch it without immediately falling in the process.
Once I reached solid ground, I took a second to analyze what was in front of me. There were floor panels moving side to side, and to make it across to the other side, I needed to jump between them. Like giant, shifting stepping stones. Inhaling another gulp of air, I leaped to the first platform.
Its movement forced me to drop to my knees to catch myself from falling off. When I stood, William called out, “ASTRAL!”
I closed my eyes and opened hers as if I blinked, and sped forward. I skipped over the remaining five panels to a solid platform that led to the next section. Large rings were hanging from a suspended beam.
The point was to grip a ring and swing myself forward with enough momentum to seize the next one in the sequence. But I didn’t need to slow down to know how I needed to vault through them.
As soon as my hands caught the second ring, William shouted, “BACK!”
I dropped out and opened my eyes, arms trembling from the exertion. With several heavy breaths, I hurled myself forward.
The next three rings were difficult, to say the least. My lungs screamed in protest from my efforts and my hands were sweaty, threatening my hold. I reached out for the last one.
And missed my target.
My fingertips grazed the metal and I fell to the mat about ten feet beneath me.
Breathless, I scrambled to my feet, climbing up the rope ladder to reach the next platform.
My stomach dropped. From the floor of the training room, the padded, swinging cylinders didn’t look menacing. But in front of me, they resembled Jon-sized punching bags slicing through the air. If one of those impacted me, it would hurt. A lot.
The two-foot-wide plank was my only option to reach the other side.
Fuck me.
I pushed forward, narrowly missing the first as it crossed the space where I stood only an instant before. It was so close that my hair flew up in the breeze it created. A few gulps of air later, I pressed forward once more.
The next bag was angled differently, moving a little faster than the first. As I tried to maneuver around it, it grazed my shoulder and knocked me off the plank to the mat about a foot below.
Tobias was there, helping me to my feet before hoisting me back on the plank to face the next bag that swung ahead of me. When I was steady, he let me go and stepped back.
“ASTRAL!” William shouted and I blinked, springing forward.
The macabre punching bags slowed down in Astral’s vision enough that I was able to move past them without incident. Reaching the platform that led up to the next section, I grinned at the rock wall.
My limbs moved with ease as I scaled the wall to the top. Once I reached its peak, I saw poles extending inward from both sides of the expanse. I leaped to the first, swinging my body on it like I did with the rings, except they were stationary and wouldn’t assist my movements.
It didn’t matter.
There was more than enough wiggle room to cross the space without too much effort.
I used gravity to my advantage. Since the poles jutting out from the walls were at a downward angle, leading to the base of the course and the finish line, all I needed to do was push myself forward enough that I could grasp the poles on my way down.
Three poles later, I was grinning as I swung like Tarzan.
Just after I released that third pole on my way to the fourth, William called out, “BACK!” and I opened my eyes.
I flinched as my hands made contact with the pole. One hand slipped off, but somehow I managed to hold on with the other.
My heart hammered against my chest and I gulped air as I secured my grip. Before I could leap, I felt my hands begin to slip.
Arms trembling from exertion, I didn’t know if I’d be able to make it to the next one, let alone the three that came after it.
When I jumped, I missed it by several inches and fell, crying out a little in fear as I went.
I knew, logically, that the net would catch me and I wouldn’t hurt myself, but I still yelped as if I was about to impact a bed of pikes. The net cradled me and, due to its angle, assisted gravity, rolling me to the base of the course.
Liam was there when I reached the bottom. If he didn’t catch me, I would have face planted on the mat in a heap of exhaustion. I was breathless, my muscles were spent, refusing to cooperate, and my heart hammered against my ribcage. Except for William, everyone else gathered around and waited.
Once I was steady on my feet, Liam released my shoulders but didn’t move away. I was too tired to care that I leaned most of my body weight on him. It was either that or I’d sink to the floor.
His arm draped over me, squeezing. Though it seemed like it was more of an effort to hold me upright than an embrace, it was still nice to be close to him.
William scribbled on his folio’s notepad as he walked toward us. When he came to a stop, he looked up. “Do you want the good news first or the bad?”
At that moment, I didn’t care.
At my silence, he nodded, “Bad first, then.”
He glanced at his notepad, which was more for my benefit than him rechecking something he wrote, before meeting my gaze once more. “Your speed, heart rate, and respiration were as expected for human standards. Your overall success rate was much lower as well. Finally, depending on the situation, you tensed up or flinched when you anticipated a misstep.”
His words didn’t come as a shock to me. I spent my whole life living as a human. And considering that was my first try on any obstacle course, it could have been worse. Too spent to nod, I said, “Okay.”
“The good news,” he grinned. “While using astral projection, you are one hundred percent accurate, while your speed increased. There was no hesitation for calculations or preparations unless someone noticed something I did not.”
When no one spoke, he continued. “It is interesting to note that your heart rate and respiration were much slower. As you transitioned, the adjustment occurred almost instantaneously.”
With my breathing a little more in control and my body’s protesting its use of muscles easing, I took more of my own weight, but I didn’t move away from Liam. “So, basically, in any situation that requires accuracy, control, and speed, I should use Astral.”
Liam faced me. “Yes, ma chère. But what if you cannot?”
“That’s why I need training. Without it, if I can’t use her, it could cost me my life.”
Chapter 59



People were gathered in the kitchen, multiple conversations going at once. Except for Liam and William attending to business matters, everyone from our training group was there, along with a few extras.
My muscles were still fatigued as I dropped to my seat at the head of the table, but I could see everyone. At the island, Sylvie, Theo, and Peter hovered around Angela, chattering. As she prepared copious amounts of hot chocolate, its intoxicating aroma filled the space around us.
The first spot of the banquette was guarded by Salvatore for Angela, while Connor and Aisling sat next to him. On my other side, Zoe sat in her usual spot with the next two seats empty, which I guessed were for Vlad and Jon, preparing lunch at the range. It didn’t escape my notice that Vlad kept stealing quick glances at Zoe’s back.
Shadow took up the next seat and it was rather strange seeing such a large wolf sitting in a chair like it was normal to perch there during meals. The timid werewolf, Paul, sat beside him in his human form. The rest of the group consisted of Tobias, Jorge, Ethan, and Jessica. Though the latter two appeared to be finishing their lunch, they were still included.
Each with their own mugs, the three kids walked out of the kitchen with a careful slowness to prevent the sweet liquid from spilling over. Shadow followed after them as Ethan and Jessica took their dishes to the sink. As they passed, my cousin flashed me a grin and fist-bumped me in greeting.
I snorted, marveling at how well my cousins were settling in.
Though I loved the family we lost, I never felt like I belonged with them. I didn’t just fall for Liam after we arrived. With every passing moment, the bond I felt to his people grew, surpassing anything I ever felt in New Orleans. It was home and everyone was family.
I could tell Zoe felt something similar.
Beneath the uncertainty and determination to repair the damage she caused, she was beginning to settle. Most of her past was still a mystery to me, but her ever-relaxing shoulders told me enough of its significance.
Red hair flamed around her, tumbling over her shoulders as she sat. There was still a little blush in her cheeks and I grinned. “You should give yourself more credit, you know,” I mused.
Her head dipped to the side a little. “What do you mean?”
“You fought well.” I paused. “Or I’m just really that bad.”
“Oh, right. Well, it wasn’t my first time.” At my look of confusion, she hooked a lock of fiery hair behind her ear. “Several years ago, before I darkened, Connor started to teach me. I didn’t learn much,” she paused, “but I still remembered some of it.”
 “I think you remembered more than some, Zoe. Don’t discount yourself.”
“It’s a bit of a habit, I’m afraid,” she admitted.
Angela sat down beside me and asked, “Are you nervous about the ritual tomorrow night?”
“Yes and no,” I began, trying to sort my thoughts. “I’m not afraid of it, but I’m not certain what’s going to happen. I guess it’s the unknown that bothers me. It wouldn’t take much to fail. If that happens, well…,” I trailed off.
That was the truth. I trusted Liam’s confidence that my personality wouldn’t change after the ritual was complete, but the slightest mishap would end my chance at controlling my scream. Without it, I’d always be scared. Of hurting people I cared about. Of the shooter and whoever else seemed to want me and the rest of my family to suffer and die. In a word, I’d be scared of everything.
“I’m sure everything is going to be fine,” Angela assured me with a small smile and took a sip of her hot chocolate, her tongue darting out to catch the whipped cream left behind on her lip.
A few moments passed and then Zoe asked, “I’m curious about astral projection. Is it something you can learn, or is it something you either know or don’t?”
That caught the attention of the room. The lingering conversations stopped and everyone’s attention turned to me. I wasn’t surprised at their curiosity. I never imagined that ability would be useful.
“Anyone can learn it, even humans, as far as I know.” I shrugged. “I sort of figured it out on my own, so I don’t think it’s difficult to learn.”
“Would it be a problem for me to try to learn it?” Zoe asked.
Her words struck me as odd. Though her eyes were on me, it seemed like her question was directed elsewhere. My gaze flickered to Connor and Aisling as they exchanged a long look.
Anger passed over me at what was happening. Though it didn’t linger, it was still frustrating.
“Please don’t take this as a challenge to your authority,” I blurted, my tone a little sharper than I intended, “but I don’t understand. Why does Zoe need to ask for permission? Shouldn’t she be given the benefit of the doubt and trusted to prove herself?”
Though I noticed the surprised expressions on a few others, it was Aisling and Connor’s auras exploding with color that caught my eye. Green, gray, dark blue, orange, white, and even bits of purple all lit up like a kaleidoscope hovering around them, hues scattering.
“Marcy,” Zoe began, “it’s fine—”
Aisling cut her off as she raised her hand. “No, Zoe, Marcy’s right. You shouldn’t need to ask us permission.” Her gaze flickered to me. “You said humans can do it and you learned astral projection on your own. How long ago was that?”
“I was seventeen, I think,” I replied, confusion marring my features over her abrupt question.
“You’ve been a witch less than a day,” she continued. “That’s not connected to magic.”
I nodded. “You’re right, it’s something else. It’s in the mind, not magic or Voodoo, sort of like Angela’s abilities. Only, it’s like slipping between realities, rather than passing through it to somewhere else.”
Aisling’s gaze flickered to Connor, back to me, and then to Zoe. “I don’t have a problem with it, I’d like to learn it too.”
Connor nodded in agreement and wrapped his arm around her shoulders.
Then, she continued, “I’m sorry, Zoe. You’re not dark. And you’ve done nothing to indicate you have any intention of going back to that. So we’re going to trust your judgment and let you decide for yourself what you want to do. You don’t need to ask us permission. It’s your choice. It should always be your choice.”
I couldn’t be certain, but I thought I saw her chin tremble a little as she spoke. But I did see Connor’s arm tighten on her shoulder as her aura shifted to a deep blue.
She went on, “I never meant for you to think you couldn’t choose for yourself. But after everything that happened, can you blame us for being a little nervous?”
Out of the corner of my eye, Zoe lowered her head and my gaze flickered to her. Looking at the table’s surface in front of her, she said, “I know. That’s why I asked. I want you — all of you — to be aware of what’s going on so there are no surprises.”
My eyebrows raised as I watched the purple in her aura evaporate, leaving behind a mass of swirling dark blue. “I didn’t want my aura to influence anyone. That’s the only reason I masked it.”
Aisling shook her head and the deep blue in her aura darkened. “No, Zoe. It’s your decision.” She paused and took a breath. Then with more emphasis, she said, “You choose what you allow us to know. Not the other way around. So long as you don’t darken again, we will never take anything away from you.”
I could see the emotions playing across Zoe’s face while she processed Aisling’s words. Then, she breathed, “Thank you,” as she tried to hold back the tears that filled her eyes.
To give her a moment to collect herself, I decided to distract the rest of the group. “Well, I’ve never tried it before, but I’d be happy to teach anyone that wants to learn astral projection.”
Several long moments later, Zoe lifted her head and offered me a sad smile in gratitude.
My curiosity won out and I asked, “Do you mind if I ask how you darkened?”
She met my gaze. “I don’t mind. Since most of you are here, it’ll save me from telling this story more than necessary.” Taking a deep breath, she steeled herself.
Chapter 60



“I was born into a big family of witches,” Zoe began. “Following the tradition, I planned to do my binding ritual when I turned eighteen. Over the years, one by one, they started disappearing. Those of us that remained moved around a lot. But our numbers kept dropping. Just before I graduated high school, all I had was my sister, Emily.”
My stomach dropped as I felt a wave of guilt and regret. If her story started like that, it meant that the rest only worsened from there. And I was the one that asked her about it in front of so many people. I covered my mouth, trying to keep my expression clear, and continued to listen.
“When I met Graham, he made me feel like my life wasn’t a tragedy in the making. I didn’t know he was the dark witch picking off my family for the better part of a decade. After taking my sister, he forced me to bind to the moon, and left me under compulsion to grow my power to get her back — without any memory of why.”
Connor’s gaze dropped and his aura filled with dark blue as she spoke. He couldn’t seem to look at her as she continued from there.
“Not long after, Connor found me and offered to help because I was clueless. Graham came back to restore my memory and give me an ultimatum. If I couldn’t convince him otherwise, he’d kill Connor and Shadow. Since I was at fault for painting a target on their backs, I agreed to his terms.”
While Zoe talked, her Australian accent grew sharper as her emotions increased in intensity. The brilliant dark blue in her aura began to bleed with gray and my heart sank at what I felt was coming. Connor’s aura resembled Zoe’s as he took Aisling’s hand and squeezed it.
Everyone stayed still, including Jon and Vlad. The silence was deafening. And I tried to fight against the sting of tears. Though they didn’t spill over, they remained. Waiting.
“I don’t know how long he was there, but it felt like hours. And after multiple—” she stopped and took a deep breath. “After he was, um, finished for the last time, I was in pretty bad shape, both physically and emotionally. He left, promising to return and finish what he started — including killing Connor and Shadow.”
Her eyes closed and tears slipped down her face, puddling on the table’s surface beneath her. “Connor helped me recover and move past it. Though the reminders were always there. The memories. The scars. And the pull that told me Graham was never far away—” her voice cracked and she stopped as everyone realized what she meant.
Graham was her mate.
A shudder wracked through me and my heart broke for her. Having a mate capable of inflicting so much pain to the one they were supposed to love and care for the most would be unbearable. The enormity of imagining it hit us all hard.
“You never told me,” Connor breathed, trying to reign in his emotions.
Zoe’s eyes snapped up to meet his gaze. “Would it have made a difference in the end, if you knew?”
Her question hit him hard and that deep blue in his aura intensified as he considered it. “I suppose not, but I would have tried to be more understanding of what he put you through as your mate. Holding on to that secret only made your suffering worse.”
“It’s okay,” she said, low, as more tears splashed to the table beneath her.
“No, it’s not alright, Zoe. I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to protect you from that.”
“Connor, none of that was your fault, don’t take the blame for something he did and how I reacted to it.”
Before he could say anything else, she continued, “Pieces of my sister’s body started to arrive, reminding me that only I could save her. Deep down, I knew better. My family was gone and if I couldn’t stop him, Connor and Shadow would die. Even though Connor warned me it wasn’t right, I siphoned elements, not realizing what it would lead me to do.”
Silent tears spilled down Aisling’s cheeks as I tried to blink mine away.
Then, Zoe took another breath. “Graham found me first in New Orleans. He pinned me against a bookshelf in the library’s vault to drain me and I couldn’t reach the knife in my boot. I wasn’t strong enough to stop him and there were only moments left. It didn’t matter what happened to me, what mattered was protecting them. So I did the only thing I could.”
A breathy chuckle escaped her. But there was no humor in her expression. No hints of light blue in her aura.
“Graham died as Connor arrived and I darkened in front of him. Even with all the power I absorbed, I didn’t feel any different. I still felt like me. But, that was my penance for failing to save anyone in my family. Afterward, I traveled alone, growing my power without killing anyone, hoping I could figure out a way to remove my darkness.”
A small smile spread on her lips, but again, there was no sign of humor or joy to be found. “All the while, I kept track of Connor, hoping that if he needed help, I could keep him safe. Over the years, I managed to stop a few dark witches. But it wasn’t until I arrived at this town and found Aisling that I lost my way from compulsion. And, well. You know the rest.”
As her voice trailed off, she kept her gaze on the table’s surface, unwilling to look at anyone. The air was filled with so much shock and pain that it was stifling.
A breath hitched in Zoe’s throat. She mumbled, “Excuse me,” as she stood up and left the room.
I was about to go after her, but Vlad was already moving.
In an instant, Zoe sacrificed everything about who she was that made her light and good to protect Connor. She did it selflessly, knowing the price. To her, darkening to save him was better than accepting death and leaving him to face Graham on his own.
I closed my eyes and dropped, letting Astral venture out into the hallway to check on Zoe, already at the end of the hall by the staircase before Vlad stopped her. Astral couldn’t read his lips or hear what he was saying, but he was talking to her.
His aura swirled with dark blue while little flecks of pink streaked through it. And as Zoe kept her eyes on the floor in front of Vlad’s feet, he took a slow step toward her so she wouldn’t startle and raised his hands to gently grasp her shoulders.
While he held on to her, he said something else. Whatever it was, it broke her.
She buried her face in her hands and her knees gave out from beneath her. But Vlad caught her and held her against his chest as she sobbed.
Astral drifted closer, hoping he was offering her some comfort.
“I am no stranger to sacrifice, Zoe,” he began in a low, steady voice. “You gave up everything that was not taken from you, including your life. You may have lost yourself, but you found your way back again. You, Little Red, paid the price for redemption in advance. For that, you have my forgiveness and my trust. Soon enough, everyone will feel the same.”
While Vlad spoke, Zoe’s hands moved away from her face to grip the material of his shirt, holding onto him like her survival depended on it.
“Thank you, Vlad,” she breathed against him.
A little white and pink started to sprinkle into both of their auras.
And that was enough to tell me that Zoe would be alright.
Chapter 61



To say that the guilt over asking Zoe to tell her story was eating away at me would be an understatement. If I thought her past was marred by more tragedy beyond what she already told me in the library, I never would have asked her. Especially never in front of so many people.
I couldn’t imagine how difficult it was for her to reveal the full extent of her history with everyone. Even Connor didn’t know the whole story.
Whether they were more than friends didn’t matter. He and Shadow still tried to help her. And she kept the worst of it to herself for all that time.
The guilt on her shoulders, for painting a target on their backs — if she realized it or not — drove her to take extreme measures to protect them. I couldn’t blame her for that. If sacrificing myself meant I could protect someone I cared about, I would’ve made the same decision.
It hurt knowing that she spent so long on her own, still herself beneath the physical changes that told everyone in the supernatural world what she was. Her strength of character wouldn’t let her personality change. She spent that time trying to find her way back.
Her actions in that last, desperate moment left me spiraling.
The kitchen was filled with a stifling air of sorrow and my appetite was gone, filled instead with a hefty portion of regret. I stood up and walked out. Even though Liam was nearby, I didn’t seek him out. I needed to catch my breath before I broke into a thousand pieces of despair.
I made my way outside and the frigid January air rushed past me as the front door to the home creaked open in protest. That bitter sharpness let me take my first breath in what felt like ages.
Pulling the door closed behind me, I looked around. While I couldn’t leave the confines of the barrier because of what happened when I bound to the moon, I needed time to collect myself.
I needed to grieve.
Off to the side, just before the woods swallowed up the remainder of the area within the barrier, I spotted what appeared to be a dead maple tree. Though I couldn’t be certain if it, too, was part of the mirage that covered the whole area, it would do.
As I walked, my eyes traveled around me, checking to see if there was anything — anyone — lurking in the shadows. It was obvious the man that decimated my family still wanted to find me and finish what he started. There were far too many questions and no answers as to why he killed everyone but decided to taunt me.
He used the dagger and not one of those terrifying, exploding bullets. Chasing us as he called out to me rather than firing an endless string of bullets. The other unexplained occurrences didn’t make sense either.
My impromptu trek to Strahl Lake, nearly killing myself in the process. The vampire that attacked us after I became a witch. And that dream spell that almost took my life the previous night.
I couldn’t wrap my head around why it was happening — or what it was about me — that made him want to rattle me. Any of those instances could have easily led to my death. And yet, it didn’t seem to matter that I was still alive.
Why? How? It didn’t make sense.
Eight members of my family died because of me, resulting in my cousins and I fleeing toward a hopeful safety. Though we found it, and so much more, the threat was never gone and I knew it was only a matter of time before something else happened.
Liam almost died once because of it.
Would anyone else pay the price for my presence?
No matter how I looked at it, I wasn’t naïve enough to think there wouldn’t be more bloodshed because of it. I knew I’d never feel safe in my own skin again. At the same time, I knew my presence put everyone in Liam’s nest in danger.
Until that threat was eliminated, I would always look to the shadows, terrified that something would jump out and kill more people I cared about.
All because of me.
That sorrow and guilt hung over me like a heavy cloud.
By the time my hand reached out to touch the roughened bark of that dead maple tree, I was shivering from the cold. It would help, rather than hinder, what I hoped to accomplish.
I heaved a heavy sigh and then turned, lowering myself to the frozen ground. Despite sitting about a foot away from the trunk, I was still surrounded by the tree’s craggy root system peeking out from the ground around me.
My gaze focused on one of those roots that extended out beside my leg. And as I sat there, reminding myself how to breathe with the sting of tears in my eyes, I thought I heard something fly past me. It was too big to be a bug, but not big enough to be something like an owl — there didn’t seem to be any birds calling out or flying overhead.
I was too caught up in my spiral to worry about it.
“I’d offer you a tissue, Toots,” a faint male voice said, “but I’m afraid the ones I carry wouldn’t do you much good.” It sounded both far away, and close at the same time.
I didn’t know what to make of that, but my eyes searched for the source of that voice.
“Down here, Sweetness,” the voice said and there was a glimmer near the ground, perched on top of a protruding root from the maple tree.
Once my eyes refocused, I saw what it was and my eyes widened.
I read about them before and thought they were almost extinct. But to my surprise, there he was. All four inches of him, standing on that root like he was there the whole time.
One of the pixie’s iridescent wings caught the light as it moved against the fluttering breeze around us. His toes peeked out from beneath his worn blue jeans and a regular shirt covered his muscled torso. His golden hair, fair eyes, and skin only added to his otherworldly qualities.
I gaped at the sight of him. “Hey there,” I breathed.
“I heard Ginger’s story back there, too.” He shook his head. “Never in a million years did I think her actions, leading to the death of my eldest kids, would be forgivable. Even some of what came after too. But,” he paused, “I’m beginning to see that the blame really wasn’t on her after all.”
Though I didn’t know the man standing in front of me, he revealed enough.
I sniffed. “I’m so sorry you lost your children. What were their names?”
Despite his small size, the agony in his gaze was unmistakable. “Bubba, Baby, and Bogsley, my eldest triplets.”
My eyes slid closed for a long blink and I hoped that, wherever they were, they were at peace. Then, I took a breath. “It seems like everyone here has some kind of history threatening to tear us apart.”
He nodded, “You carry your own tragic past, too. I heard you when you first arrived with your cousins.”
At my look of confusion, he offered me a small smile. “You wouldn’t have seen me, Babes. We pixies know how to stay hidden.” Then he shrugged, “Besides, even if you did see something, you wouldn’t have seen anything more than a little bird.”
My eyebrows rose.
“Now that you’re a witch, you can see me as I am.”
“So it’s a little like seeing auras, then?”
“Precisely,” he nodded with a grin.
“Well, Little Man,” I said, giving him a nickname since he was using several for me, as if trying them on for size, hoping to find the right one that fit. “I’m Marcelline Webster. But mostly everyone calls me Marcy.”
“Name’s Puffle, Marcy. It’s a pleasure.” He bowed like he was the lead role in a Broadway play and the final curtain just fell.
“I’d shake your hand, but,” I trailed off and a small smile crept into my lips.
“No sweat, I need to get back home anyway.” He lifted off the log as his wings took him in flight. “And, Marcy?” he hedged as he hovered in the air.
“Yes, Puffle.”
“This won’t be the last time you’ll hear this, but don’t feel guilty for surviving. Got it?”
I nodded, “Same to you. And thanks, I’ll try.”
With a sad smile, he flew off, leaving me to sort out my emotions in peace.
If the situation were different, my reaction to Puffle would’ve been more animated, but even he could see I was a little too caught up in misery to give him the best greeting. There was empathy in his gaze that I recognized as well as my own and it made my heart hurt that much more.
Surviving was never easy.
Sometimes it could rip out your heart and tear it to pieces with a thousand tiny blades. And then shove it back in so it would bleed out on the inside.
And there it is.
That was what I was really upset about.
The idea of losing one child was heartbreaking enough. But triplets? I didn’t know how Puffle was still moving, let alone talking. Every breath after their hearts stopped beating would be torture for him and anyone else still living in his family.
After spending an untold amount of time in captivity throughout his long life, Vlad was practically bedfellows with pain and suffering. And that was just the surface pain. I knew, after almost six hundred years of life, there was far more beneath it.
Zoe’s whole past was marred by loss and tragedy. And even when there was no one in her family left standing and her future looked bleak at best, she never stopped trying. Through all the agony, she still found her way.
There were far more tales from the others in Liam’s home I didn’t yet know. Even without knowing those stories yet, I could see them all trying. Taking one step at a time. Hoping to find something to ease the pain while still moving forward. Wishing like hell nothing else would happen to cut them at the knees.
Even I could understand that. How would I be able to push forward if the ritual failed? How would I even be able to breathe and not suffocate on that fear? Could I even handle being such a liability when the Earthens were at stake? Would I want to?
It was the essence of survival.
With one name, I was pulled under. And my resolve finally cracked.
Lucia.
As I felt my body snap beneath the weight of it all, a sob hitched in my throat and I dropped my face into my hands. I tried to keep my sobs quiet, knowing that it wouldn’t take much for Liam to hear me. Despite wanting nothing more than to crumble in his arms, I needed a few moments.
To let it all sink in.
Pulling my knees up, my head bent forward while I let myself fall apart. I sat there like that for a time, quietly crying in front of the dead maple tree. A fitting place for such an occasion. And though I felt Liam’s pull growing stronger, indicating he was moving in my direction, my mind didn’t make the connection. It felt like background noise.
Even hearing the front door as it opened, groaning as the metal scraped against its hinges, I didn’t realize that he was the one stepping out onto the crumbling wrap-around porch. A small whimper escaped me and in the next instant, he was there.
That sweet scent of mint registered to my nose first and it made me shiver in response. But it wasn’t from the cold or the comfort it provided me. It was all that grief rolled together.
“Marcelline,” the vampire breathed, his hands reaching around my knees to coax me to look up at him. A sob wracked through me and I lifted my head to see his knees resting on either side of my feet, concern written all over his features. His cool thumbs wiped the tears from my cheeks.
Every breath hitched in my throat as my eyes searched his. Those emeralds gleamed in the early afternoon light. “There’s so much pain and sadness here, Liam,” I cried, even though it came out as a breath. “It feels like I can’t breathe.”
He kept his gaze on me, waiting for me to explain.
“I asked Zoe to tell her story. But I had no idea how much she suffered and how much pain she still carries with her. She lost everything she ever cared about at the hands of someone that should’ve never hurt her. Even in death, he’s still hurting her.”
More tears spilled from my eyes and he wiped those away too. For another reminder that he was still there, I leaned forward a little and rested my hands against the sides of his neck so I could feel his bare skin.
Then, I said, “I don’t know how she managed to keep going after she was forced to kill her own mate. It’ll always be with her no matter how far she goes to try to escape it. It’s hard enough to fathom how much it would hurt to lose a mate.” I shook my head. “I don’t know how you survived it. If I lost you, I know I wouldn’t.”
More pain tore through me when I saw the red tinge in his as he absorbed my words. “Ma chère, no one knew the extent of what Zoe endured until today. Even I was surprised by her tale. She is strong enough to keep moving. The goodness of her soul and character must be immense to not only carry that weight but to continue moving forward, would it not?”
I nodded, knowing he wasn’t finished. But I couldn’t stay where I was. The barrier of my legs between us was too much. Once I knelt in front of him, the muscles in his jaw worked and those reddish tears clung to his eyes again.
“When Lucia died, my whole world went dark and all the color went with her. I did not want to survive without her. Jon kept me moving, one step in front of the other. But I was not living. Many years later, I found a reason — a purpose — to push myself forward.”
Fingers sliding back to lace into his hair, I waited, knowing it wasn’t easy for him to share his pain.
“My chance at a happy life was gone. And the same was true for countless others after the Earthens died. The only way to make her death mean something was to find a future that would make a happier life for others possible.”
He took a breath and a ghost of a smile lifted at the corner of his mouth. “In time, with Tobias, I learned to live again. I never wanted to love and raise a child without Lucia to share it, but I was never incapable. All that darkness remained, but I found a way to see color again without that light.”
“Oh, Liam,” I breathed as more tears spilled down my cheeks.
“I never gave up hope that a pure Earthen would return. When that happened, I would give my life, if necessary, to help fix this broken world. But, I did not think I would love Aisling as a daughter, or find myself caring for everyone standing beside her.”
Though I already knew that Aisling was like a magnet of joy and warmth, everyone she loved only added to it. Like a charge in the air around her. I wasn’t surprised that he grew to appreciate them. Love them, even. It was part of who he was, even if he didn’t always want to show it or admit it to himself.
His thumbs moved across my dry cheeks in a soothing motion. “Ever still, I did not believe I would find true happiness or love again. But the moment I saw you, it was like seeing dawn for the first time in centuries.”
I knew he wasn’t finished, but he leaned forward and kissed me, slow.
When he pulled back again, he searched my eyes. “I did not know you were my mate until you bound with the moon, but I have loved you longer than that.”
Chapter 62



Fuck me, did I hear him right?
My breath hitched in my throat at Liam’s words.
I searched his gaze for any hints that maybe I hallucinated the last few moments. But there was no doubt, no hesitation, no hints of anything other than the truth laid bare for me.
That sting returned to my eyes, but it wasn’t for all that grief and sadness I felt moments before. “But, aren’t you scared?” I asked.
“Marcelline, I am not scared. I am terrified. There are moments when I wonder if I have lost my mind and you are nothing more than a mirage. But I know you are real. You are here.” For emphasis, his thumbs moved across my cheeks once more.
“Oh, Liam,” I breathed.
“Despite that fear, I choose you. I need you. But,” he paused, searching my gaze once more, “I would not survive if I lost you, too. A world without you is not one I ever want to know.”
My fingertips twitched against the bare skin on his neck. “I didn’t tell you this before, but for as long as I can remember, I’ve been dreaming about you off and on.”
“The one in the street?” he asked.
I nodded, unable to read him well enough to know if my confession unsettled him. But I needed to keep going.
“It was black beyond the reach of the light, but I always felt you there. No matter how I felt, that dream made me feel better. After Renata died and I saw your silhouette, I never thought you were real. When you stepped out of that doorway, I knew it was you. It took a little time to realize it, but I’ve always loved you. I didn’t know it was possible to love someone this much.”
His face lit up with joy and it was far too beautiful and distracting to think clearly. But he gave me time to collect myself before continuing.
“The thought of losing you makes my whole body feel like it’s breaking with despair. When Lucia died, she took a big part of you with her and left behind this huge chasm. I wish you never had to experience all that pain. If I could, I’d go back there to take her place so you could have her back.”
His head dropped forward, too far to rest his forehead against mine, and shook his head, like he was denying my words. Despite knowing I rattled him, I needed him to hear everything.
Fresh tears fell from my eyes and I continued, “If anyone deserves another chance, it’s you. You didn’t deserve to spend the rest of your days enduring that pain all alone. I love every part of you, Liam, grief included, and I can’t imagine spending my life without you.”
Everything that hung on the tip of my tongue for the last several days was said. The breath in my lungs rushed out of me and I shook, trying to hold myself together. I felt my heart crack open in my chest again.
I did it again.
I lowered my head and leaned back, beginning to retreat into myself from the weight of causing him more pain. And as more tears fell, a sob hitched in my throat. “I’m sorry I hurt you again,” I breathed.
Looking up, he stopped my retreat. “No, Marcelline, look at me.”
Forcing myself to raise my head, I met his gaze through another blur of tears. When I blinked and they slipped down my cheeks, I saw red-tinged tears clinging to his eyes, about to spill over. And that hurt my heart even more.
“Listen to me, ma chère. Lucia died centuries ago. I miss her, and I will always love her, but I have accepted it.” He blinked those tears from his eyes and they left a trail of diluted blood down into his short beard. “You are what I need now. Only you. Promise me that you will never so much as consider taking her place ever again.”
As I searched his gaze, my thumbs brushed away the trail of his tears. Though I didn’t understand the urgency of his request or why he made it, something about my words scared him more than any hurt I caused.
After what I experienced over the last several days, anything was possible.
And that was when I understood.
He couldn’t bear the thought of my sacrifice to let Lucia live. If the opportunity presented itself and he didn’t tell me how he felt, I would’ve traded my life for hers without hesitation.
The breath I didn’t realize I was holding rushed out of me. Speaking with conviction, I said, “I swear it, Liam. If such a thing is possible, I will not consider that as an option. Ever. I’m here and I’m yours. I’m not going anywhere.”
As I finished, a wave of unease hit me like a tidal wave. It wasn’t my promise that caused it because I could see the relief in his features. There was something else.
“If anything happens,” I continued, “and the only way to save me is to make me a vampire, you have my permission. Even if that means I’ll lose all of my other abilities. I would rather live and stay with you. Okay?”
With every word I spoke, the look of amazement on his face grew.
There was wonder in his voice when he asked, “How do you always know what I am feeling?”
Without giving me the chance to answer him, he leaned forward and kissed me.
Chapter 63



That moment couldn’t have been more perfect.
When I first stepped outside, all I felt was an overwhelming misery, and that only grew until Liam found me.
After all the tears I shed, he turned everything around in a matter of minutes. By comforting me. Helping me see another angle of Zoe’s journey going forward. Not only did he explain how he survived Lucia’s loss, but he also confessed his feelings for me.
In finding each other, we were given something to balance the scales of the sorrow that followed us. We survived our own tragedies and found joy in one another. That pain wasn’t something we needed to bear alone any longer. Speaking our hearts seemed to solidify it somehow. A promise. The kiss we shared was the pact that would carry us through.
It didn’t matter that we met less than a week before. What mattered was how we felt. As if we knew each other in another life, and that love was there, waiting to be found. All it took was one glimpse, and the match was struck.
Like a wildfire spreading through the root system of a forest plagued with months of drought. Beneath that dried ground, the roots already turned to ash while the smoldering embers traveled upward, consuming the forest far before the flames were ever visible.
Our kiss lingered for several long moments, and I could tell he wanted to deepen it. At that moment, I did too. But it wasn’t time for that.
Not yet.
I pulled back and giggled, “Wait.” When a soft growl traveled up his throat from his disappointment, I laughed. “You didn’t answer me.”
The smile that spread on his face could light up a whole galaxy. It made my heart melt just watching him. “Very well, ma chère.” His dilated eyes took a moment to search mine. Then he said, “If vampirism is the only way to save you, I will do it. I swear it. Satisfied?”
That abrupt question at the end wasn’t something I expected. But the impatience growing in him was almost palpable. I felt it too. It was like a fever, and I understood it.
The corners of my mouth lifted in a sly grin. “Not yet. But now that you mention it—”
My words cut off with a squeal as Liam moved to his feet in a blur, pulling me with him. Before I realized what he was doing, he tossed me over his shoulder and the wind whooshed around us while I laughed.
Everything was a blur. Like we were speeding down a highway. All the while, he didn’t slow on his way to our destination. I didn’t know if we passed anyone on the way through his home, but I couldn’t bring myself to care.
My world shifted with another squeal when he stopped and set me on my feet in front of him. As our suite came into focus, he pulled me with him as he backed up. When he thumped against the door, closing it from the force of his body, I crashed into him, fingers sliding into his hair.
And then I kissed him, hard.
When his taste exploded on my tongue, I gasped, his cool temperature sending delicious tingles throughout my body. Strong hands slid over my breasts in a slow torture and a soft moan tore up my throat. He devoured it like he was starved, but he didn’t linger there. Those cool fingers followed a path to my wrists.
I didn’t know what he was doing, but that didn’t matter. I needed more.
So much more.
Before I could do anything about it, my world spun once more. All the while, he didn’t break away from that insatiable, dizzying kiss. When everything stopped, his long, hard body pinned me against the door as one, cool hand restrained my wrists behind me.
As he broke away from my mouth, tracing the line of my jaw with his lips, I mumbled, “No,” and he froze. In one lithe motion, he released my wrists and took a step back. The concern in his features was unmistakable, but I saw the flash of regret.
I stepped toward him, cutting off his spiral. “Don’t,” I breathed. “Just let me touch you.” My hands returned to the sides of his neck and I met his gaze for an instant before kissing him again, gasping from its intensity.
As if resetting the last several moments, his hands flashed to my waist and we spun around. Once his body collided with the door again, I moaned into his mouth at the feel of my breasts pressing against his chest.
The luxurious material of his suit still radiated with cold from the breeze outside. But nothing was better than his skin against mine. My fingers slipped a little further into his hair and I pulled him toward me for a deeper kiss, arching my back a little in the process.
His hands snaked under my tank top and his fingers moved in a light caress across the heated skin on my back, tightening his body against mine. I took a small step back.
Realizing what I wanted, he picked me up and moved toward the bed. I wrapped my legs around him and a moan of excitement erupted from my throat.
Instead of lowering me to the soft surface of the bed, he turned around and I gasped. A surge of excitement rushed through my veins. I dropped my legs from around him and, once I stood steady, he moved his hands away.
Without breaking away from his mouth, I followed after him as he backed up onto the mattress. When he stayed in a sitting position, another rush of delicious anticipation fell over me as I continued to crawl toward him.
Those cool hands of his were snaking up my sides and around to my shoulder blades. And as I settled over him, his hold on me increased to pull me tighter.
Without thinking, I ground my hips against him. A cry tore up my throat at the sensation and, like the other sounds of my enjoyment, he devoured that one, too.
I attempted to push his jacket off his shoulders, but with his arms tight around me, it only moved by a fraction. Releasing it, I went in search of his tie. Several, agonizing moments later, the knot was free and my attention turned to the buttons of his pressed white shirt.
A groan of approval crawled up his throat and it vibrated against my tongue.
And, there went my patience.
Instead of unbuttoning it, as any normal person would do, I gripped the two ends and yanked, not caring that I ruined yet another article of clothing as the buttons popped and flew away from us. At the next sound of frustration, he finally reached behind him to pull off the offending material.
All the while, he didn’t stop kissing me.
I ground my hips against him once more and I cried out into his mouth. While I was frantic, lifting my tank top, his jacket and shirt hit the floor at the foot of the bed. I made it halfway before his hands were on me, trailing up my bare skin after it.
With a sharp hiss when his palms slid over my aching breasts, I broke away from his mouth to pull the material over my head. I tossed it away as he pulled me back down into another kiss. His hands found my breasts and, at long last, he lingered there. Just like I wanted.
My toes curled from the intensity of the way he held them, still somehow teasing my nipples. I shuddered and tried to remember how to breathe because my mind was forgetting how to do it on its own.
It felt I was going to overload and explode at any moment.
But not from pleasure.
It was frustration.
Breaking away from his mouth, my fingertips reached for his belt, and I breathed, “Oh god, Liam. Please,” while trying to release the buckle. That cool, slow torture of my breasts continued and I lost my focus. I dropped my gaze to my hands, hoping I would stop fumbling in my efforts.
A growl of frustration escaped me and he grinned.
Anger flashed over me like I was doused in boiling water, but it disappeared just as quickly. I was tempted to push his hands away from their slow torture, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. It was ravaging my own space-time continuum.
Unfortunately for me, that was heavily hindering my ability to rid him of his clothes. When he didn’t stop, I pushed him back on the bed. Though he let me, he didn’t move his hands away.
My eyes slid closed from the sensation and my head fell backward. “Dammit, Liam,” I breathed, but it sounded like a slow, breathy moan. “Please. You’re driving me crazy.” In answer, he arched up toward me, letting me feel every long, hard inch of him waiting for me, and my fingers flexed against his abdomen as I hissed, “Holy shit.”
In my frantic struggling, I lowered my head and closed my eyes before inviting Astral to open hers. I made quick work of the buckle and, once that was free, I released the button on his pants, but I couldn’t reach the zipper.
In the next instant, he crawled off the bed, taking me with him. Just as I was about to protest the movement, I realized what he was doing as my jeans opened and he began to push them downward. But when the waistband rested at the top of my thighs, he let them go.
His long, cool fingers snaked inside my panties and went straight for my clitoris, encircling it with a delicious slowness that was going to drive me mad.
My head fell back again and I hissed, “Fuck, Liam.” His fingers made another circle and I breathed, “Please.”
“What do you want, Marcelline?” he asked, low. It was gravelly, vibrating across every nerve ending in my body.
I dropped out of astral and opened my eyes to meet his gaze. Those green eyes were dilated and his fingers circled again, but that time it was a little faster. I moaned and tried to gather enough thoughts to formulate a coherent sentence.
Circling again, I cried, “Oh god, Liam. I don’t want to come like this—”
Every nerve ending in my body was on fire and I knew if he kept going much longer, I was going to crash over that edge. My hands tightened on his waistband, hoping, by some miracle, my grip would hold my orgasm off a little longer.
“Marcelline, I know what I am doing. You will not come unless I want you to.” For emphasis, he moved again and a breathy moan escaped me as my head fell back. “Now tell me,” he went on with another swirl, “what do you want?”
“I—” his torture stopped my brain from working.
“Marcelline,” he said, low, but it sounded like a warning. “Breathe.” Fingers staying still, he applied some pressure and it kept the thrum going through my body steady.
As instructed, I forced myself to take a breath. When I exhaled, his fingers encircled my clitoris again and my hand gripped his wrist. Then, my words came out as a whimper, “I just want to fuck you.”
He swirled his fingers again and I ground my teeth together as another shudder went down my spine.
“Once I start, you can torture me all you want. Do you think you can handle that?”
A sly grin spread across his face and then he said, “But of course.”
Chapter 64



With a slow withdrawal of those deliciously cool and long fingers, Liam kept his dilated green eyes on me. All the while, I tried to put my brain back in order.
By the time the material of my jeans and panties pooled at my feet, I was beginning to think coherently once more. If they fell on their own, I wasn’t certain, but it didn’t matter. His clothes were gone, too. My world shifted into a blur for an instant and when everything stilled, I was straddling him on the bed. Before I could take a breath, he kissed me, hard.
Liam didn’t need any incentive, but I couldn’t help myself. My hands slid down his cool, silken, scarred chest and abdomen, wrapped around his awaiting erection, and I gasped when a throaty groan vibrated against my tongue.
A jolt went through me when his hands found my breasts again — cool hands holding firm, fingers kneading gently, all with that agonizing torture of my nipples.
And that was when I lost my patience.
Again.
I wanted to watch Liam’s expression change as I took every cool, hard inch of him inside me in a slow descent, but I couldn’t do it for long. It was torture for both of us. The sensation was too much.
“This feels incredible, Liam,” I breathed as his hands abandoned that delicious torture against my breasts. Unable to help myself, I dropped my hips, sheathing him to the hilt. He arched up toward me when I followed through with a grind. My whole body shuddered from the intensity of that dual sensation and he groaned.
That was when I started to move.
A few minutes later, the force of my orgasm made me drop my head back as firebombs exploded behind my eyes. Liam groaned at the sensation and assisted my movements to let me ride that beautiful high for as long as possible.
And it felt absolutely divine.
By the time I became aware again, I was already on my way to my next orgasm. I breathed, “Oh fuck, Liam.” And then I moaned, “You have no idea how good this feels.”
“Marcelline,” he groaned.
It was a prayer.
Then he said, low, “You are driving me mad.”
My eyes slid closed and I cried breathlessly, “Please, just a little longer. I promise it’ll be worth it.”
When his palms pressed against my burning cheeks, I froze, opening my eyes. Before I could ask him what was wrong, he spoke. “Marcelline, any moment with you is worth it. Even this torture,” as he finished, his mouth curled in a sly grin.
A broad smile spread on my face. “God, I love you.” Even though I knew he wanted to say it back to me, I said, “Now shut up and let me fuck you.” Then I kissed him, hard, cutting off his answering chuckle as I started moving once more.
The wildfire of my next orgasm grew in me to a fever pitch and I broke away from his mouth with a hiss. As the flames engulfed me in a whoosh, I gasped, “Oh god—” another gasp “—that is so fucking good.” The last word trailed off in a cry.
I didn’t know how long I burned to ashes, but by the time I became aware again, I was on my back. While Liam moved in and out of me with agonizing slowness, his mouth explored my neck and throat.
A flash of anger washed over me before it disappeared like it was never there. “Dammit, Liam,” I breathed as he pulled his hips back. “I wasn’t finished fucking you yet.”
A cry erupted from my throat and my whole body tried to arch off the bed as he impaled me to the hilt, following through with another agonizing grind. It took me a moment, but I found my words again. “I was just about to get to the good part.”
A throaty chuckle escaped him and he asked, “How was any of what just happened not a good part?”
“I guess you’ll never find out now, will you?” I tried to suppress my laugh, but it failed when he rolled us back over again and his hands gripped my hips, assisting his efforts as he arched up toward me. My laugh cut off and I gasped from the sensation.
“By all means,” he began as he sat back up, taking me with him. “Show me what you mean.”
Leaning back a little to look at him, my lips twitched and then spread into a mischievous grin. “I don’t know if I want to anymore.”
Even I didn’t believe my words.
“Marcelline,” he growled in a warning and I laughed.
Then, sighing with mock exasperation, I said, “Okay, but you asked for it.” I pushed him back to the mattress, dropping into astral an instant before I started moving.
A guttural moan rumbled up his throat from the sensation. To Astral’s vision, I rode him at a normal speed, but I was going much faster.
Something that sounded like a combination of hiss and growl passed his lips and a wave of exhilaration washed over me at what I was doing for him. His mouth moved like he wanted to say something, but then it stopped.
“Say it,” I breathed as I continued my efforts. “It’s okay.”
“You are making me dizzy.”
I smiled, but I kept moving. “Good.”
There was a shift in his movements and I realized he was close to his own edge. I dropped forward, still using the speed Astral offered me. Biting into the sensitive flesh at the curve of his neck, I broke the skin and pulled his sweet, coppery blood into my mouth.
That was when he crashed, hissing my name.
I wrenched my mouth away from his neck, swallowed, and cried out, “Fuck, Liam,” as the force of my orgasm went supernova. We both rode that high for what seemed like forever, and when the tension in our bodies finally fell away, I dropped out of astral to look at him.
His eyes were still dilated and he looked pleased.
Smiling down at him, I asked, “Well?”
“I admit that I was not able to delay as I was before. But that is by no means an indication that I enjoyed your slow torture any less. Quite the contrary.”
“I know.”
A giggle rose up in my throat at his look of confusion. But then all my humor fell away.
“Liam, after what happened outside, I wanted to make love to you first, before we moved on to anything else. I needed to be close to you and savor every moment. I would have noticed if you didn’t enjoy what I was doing. Besides,” I shrugged, “it felt like you needed that, too.”
His gaze searched mine for a long moment. Then he breathed, “What did I do to deserve you, ma chère?”
I pressed my palm against his cheek and offered him a small smile. “You survived.”
“I love you, Marcelline,” he said, low.
Chapter 65



Later that afternoon, I announced that I wanted to check on Zoe. When Liam didn’t protest, I suggested he get back to work with William.
His eyes widened and he asked me if I could read minds, too.
I laughed.
It wasn’t a stretch to think that he wasn’t finished working when he came outside looking for me. I tried to keep a straight face when I told him he took a rather long lunch break and his boss would be furious with him.
But it didn’t work.
His lips twitched, and he played along for a few moments. Then he ended up tickling me again.
By the time he stopped, I was breathless from the futility of escaping him and accused him of being relentless. He just grinned at me, and, when I threatened revenge, it widened, showing more teeth.
Threatening payback for the third time, when I hadn’t collected on the first, wasn’t helping the situation. I knew I would have my work cut out for me if I didn’t step up my game.
Soon.
I couldn’t be certain if he found my threats to be hilarious, or if he really did look forward to whatever I might do as retribution. In the end, it didn’t matter. I was a woman of my word and I wouldn’t let him off the hook with idle threats.
Oh yes.
I would find a way.
And I knew where to start.
Hopeful plan set, I grabbed my new grimoire and fountain pen while Liam dressed in front of the flickering flames in the hearth. With his hands otherwise occupied with the knot on his crimson tie, I decided to give him a proper farewell.
My hand ran over the front of his pants and he grunted, the sound trailing off with a low growl. His hands stopped moving and his eyes dilated as he watched me. I thought for an instant he might pick me up and toss me on the bed for some of his own revenge. But he stayed still.
While I wasn’t exactly surprised at what I felt, I couldn’t resist teasing him for it. “Perhaps you should see a doctor, Liam. I hear priapism can be quite painful if it’s left untreated.” My hand lingered there for another long moment before I dragged my palm upward.
Then I took my time gathering the material of his tie into my fist before I tugged him down. He could’ve resisted me, but he didn’t. I grinned and then gave him a quick, heated kiss, nibbling a little on his lower lip before I let him go.
I walked the long way around him, smacking his ass as I went.
“See you later,” I purred.
And I almost made it to the door before he stopped me.
“Marcelline?” his low voice traveled to me and slid down my spine.
I turned and an innocent smile spread on my lips. “Yes, Liam.”
“You call that revenge, do you not?”
I snorted. “Oh, hell no.” But then my humor fell away. “If you don’t like—”
One second, he stood in front of the hearth, and the next, he was right in front of me. His fingertip trailed down my jaw, making its way to my neck. Then he spoke, low, “No. Quite the contrary. I enjoyed that very much. But—”
“You don’t know what I was really doing,” I offered.
“Yes.”
I shrugged, “I’m not certain how to define it, exactly. I was being playful and I wanted to give you something to remember, but,” I took a breath, searching for the right words, “it’s a little more than that. A reminder, maybe? Like you’re a prize I intend on collecting.”
His eyes widened and then he grinned. “You marked your territory.”
I snorted and then I paused. “Wait? You’re serious?” I shook my head, “I’m not jealous of anything, Liam, why would I do that?”
“It is not jealousy, it is common with others. Especially for mates. Call it mutual ownership, if you will. Much of it we do not even recognize.”
Confusion didn’t begin to cover what I felt over his words. “Mutual ownership?”
“You have noticed my scent on your clothes, have you not?”
I nodded.
“That was not an accident. The blankets in the infirmary and library. The robe you wore. Even the clothes you were given. They all smelled like me. I did not make the connection then, but I marked you as mine from the beginning.”
A slow smile spread on my lips. “That’s why I’ve only taken your blood, right? It’s another way to show that you’re mine.”
He smiled. “You choose your words with care, Marcelline. You accept it only from me because I am yours. Since you are mine, no one else will offer you theirs or heal you. Unless there is no other choice, that is how it will be. If someone tries, they will learn from their mistake.”
Despite hearing the threat in his tone, I snorted. “Well, that explains a lot.” At his look of confusion, I added, “Let’s just say I haven’t been properly introduced to each of your scars.”
When we finally parted ways, I ignored the ever-growing, nagging sense of unease that hovered around me about the ritual.
The looming knowledge of whatever the shooter wanted from me was still yet to come. Everything depended on my ability to control my scream.
Beatrice may have told us the steps to reaching Anubis and being granted his power, but she didn’t say what would actually happen while the ritual took place. All we knew was that it was our only chance and if anything went wrong, it would fail.
That was what bothered me the most.
So many questions without any answers.
I found my way to the library and saw Zoe, Angela, and Aisling chatting near the center desk with the computer monitors. After they each greeted me with warmth, Zoe nodded with a small smile, letting me know in that wordless gesture that she was okay.
Once the pleasantries passed, I asked if they could help me with some ideas regarding both Voodoo and magic. Due to the lack of ideal seating in the library for us to sit together, we sat on the floor and began.
A few hours later, I was gaping at our discovery, my mind already whirling about its potential uses. Not just for delivering on as-of-yet-unfulfilled promises of revenge. We realized that magic and Voodoo worked in tandem, enhancing the inherent abilities of both. It could offer us some significant advantages in the future if we needed an edge against our enemies.
We needed every advantage.
And I could already tell those three women were the kind of friends that lasted for life.
After dinner, Liam and I learned a new board game and hilarity ensued in the game room. Especially when the vampire pretended to forget some of the rules or just cheated altogether and then feigned ignorance.
At one point, Sylvie asked him how a vampire could live so long without a basic understanding of economy. To which he responded that a gentleman never revealed his secrets, before leaning toward her with a quick flash of his cards, whispering one or two of them in her ear anyway.
She kept a straight face when she nodded at him. Then, holding her hand up to her face like she was going to tell him a secret, she spoke in a loud whisper we could all hear, “Your schemes are diabolical, old man. I like it.”
A slow grin spread on the vampire’s face at her words. Then he winked at her like it was, at last, their schemes.
Even though I loved the way he could brighten the kids’ smiles, it wasn’t enough to erase that unease. The ritual needed to happen the next night, and it was practically making my skin crawl.
Like a tell-tale heart, it kept beating against my body.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
A reminder that my future would not only be defined by the success or failure of the ritual but also, eventually, I would need to face the man that would haunt my dreams for the rest of my days.
Demigods successfully performing the last ritual would find their personalities and characters — the very thing that made a person who they were — threatened. That was at stake. An untold amount of others out there in the world over the millennia faced — or would face — the same risks.
How strong would that sense of self need to be to not be changed by power?
How many would lose themselves because of it?
Since Liam believed the threat to my personality was off the table, I did, too. But would anything else about me change? I couldn’t afford to think like that.
By the time the next evening rolled around and we began walking, I was a jumble of frazzled nerves. It seemed no matter what I did that day — from Connor’s long-form, yet another abysmal attempt to spar, the obstacle course, to walking around the house outside in the bitter wind with an ever-watchful eye along the horizon — that sense of growing anxiety just wouldn’t ease.
Despite Liam offering me comfort — though it helped — it was temporary. As soon as he let me go, it all came rushing back.
My window of opportunity was thin at best. Everything needed to be just so. And if any of the cards fell the wrong way, I wouldn’t be useless, but for the rest of my life, I would fear the impact of my scream. Like a thick, hazy smoke hanging hot in the air around us. That wasn’t an ideal way to live.
For Liam. For my cousins. For Aisling and Connor. For everyone else in Liam’s nest. I could not risk hurting them.
The unknown was unnerving, but the burden of a future forever marred with my own failure would suffocate me.
My feet came to rest at the start of the trail that circled Strahl Lake — where Liam first saved my life. A thin, milky sheen of ice hugged the lake’s perimeter, but the rest of the expanse was the same smooth, reflective surface.
As Zoe took her place beside Aisling and Connor on the trail behind me, Liam and Angela flanked me at the lake’s bank. Over a dozen members of Liam’s nest were spread out around us.
Despite being surrounded in a cocoon of protection, my unease only grew in intensity. With a deep breath, I glanced at the moon, hearing nothing but the soft hooting of a few owls in the trees beyond the lake’s reach.
And then I started the ritual.
Chapter 66



I tipped my head back, basking in the moon’s soft blue glow as I cleared my head.
Nerves aside. Errant thoughts quiet.
It was me, the moon, and my future.
Reaching behind me, I pulled my talisman from my back pocket and extended my hands forward. Both of my Tarantula’s fangs pressed against my skin, and cut through the skin, leaving behind twin slashes across my palm. Holding my hand over the water, the heated droplets trickled down to its frosty surface.
As goosebumps tingled, they bloomed across my flesh, releasing my magic. “On this night, with the blessing of the moon, I invoke the power within my blood. I call upon the infinite beyond. Grant me your audience and infuse your blessings. Come forth, ancestor, so that I may honor you.”
Extending my slashed palm to Angela in offering, she captured a bit of blood on the tip of her finger and began painting a symbol in my blood, beginning at the bridge of my nose and extending to the center of my forehead.
It was a staff with a forked base that curved at the top and ended with an animal’s head. The Was Scepter stood as a connection to the dominion of the gods, and, according to Beatrice, with the symbol painted on my forehead — a witch’s third eye, a doorway would open, allowing Anubis to cross through me and come forward.
Beatrice warned that might be uncomfortable, but with a subjective term like that, anything was possible.
Resuming my initial position, I turned my face back up to the moon and warmth bloomed around me, thickening the air. Like one of those stifling summer days in New Orleans, with that unrelenting sun beating down across my skin, coating me with sweat.
A tingle crawled across my scalp, traveling around from the back of my head to the front. By the time it all congregated under the bloody Was Scepter, it was no longer tingling. It was an itch so deep I had to force my whole body to remain still.
Beatrice was right.
It was uncomfortable.
Before I could worry about the next part of the ritual, pain erupted.
Like the blood on my forehead was gunpowder and someone lit a match. Searing pain traveled through every nerve ending in my body and I ground my teeth together to keep from crying out. When I exhaled, it sounded like a breathy moan with a whimper at its end.
Just as fast as it began, that pain evaporated like it was never there at all.
For an instant, I panicked, thinking perhaps that small noise disrupted the ritual, ending my hopes for a future with control. But the goosebumps continued to tingle across my body. Relief rushed through my veins and I kept my eyes closed.
Something washed over me, almost like invisible molasses, holding me in place. “Open your eyes, child,” a deep voice said from in front of me.
I gasped at what I saw.
A man floated over the water, an otherworldly yellow glow around him. It wasn’t an aura. It looked as if he stood in the sun, despite being surrounded by the night. He stood around six feet tall, shirtless, and his feet were bare, wearing only long shorts. His deep, tanned skin was luminescent, like tiny droplets of water clung to his body.
His head was the most jarring part about him.
It wasn’t a man’s face.
It was canine. About the same size as Shadow’s head. But it wasn’t a wolf. The fur was so dark, and even with that eerie sunlit glow around him, I couldn’t make its features out enough to know what it was. Worse than that were his eyes.
They were white.
No Irises. No pupils.
Just like Beatrice’s eyes.
The man hovering there, less than two yards in front of me, was Anubis.
The banshee’s instructions ended there and I wasn’t certain if I was supposed to say something.
As if in answer, he spoke. “You are speaking to me right now, child.”
Oh.
Thank you for coming, Anubis.
“What is it that you wish?”
I would like to control my scream. I was told that if you granted me your power, I could do that.
“You do not wish to use my power for anything else?”
That was a good question. One I didn’t have an answer to.
I’m afraid you have me at a disadvantage. I don’t know enough about all of your gifts to say. My wish is to direct my scream where it is needed, and not to hurt anyone by accident. If you would like me to do something else with it, I will.
“That is a wise answer, child. It is not common in my experience.”
I’m not doing this for more power. Any power I obtain is a gift. One I don’t intend to squander.
“I will grant you the power you seek.”
That tingling in the back of my head started up again. I didn’t know if it was something Anubis was doing. But I braced myself for the pain I knew was coming. My eyes slid closed and I ground my teeth together when the bloody symbol lit up with heat once more.
“Marcelline,” a female voice crooned. It sounded familiar to me, but I couldn’t place it. “Open your eyes.”
As I did, my mind whirled. The beautiful woman floating beside Anubis was a little shorter, but it didn’t detract from her presence at all. Her long, raven hair fell in loose waves down her back, and it billowed behind her from the frigid air that rushed by us. Her olive skin was deep, like mine and her brown eyes were piercing.
Beneath that otherworldly glow, it was what I saw on her shoulder that made me pause.
A tarantula, about two times bigger than any of its arachnid brethren should have been, stood there. Its front legs extended outward slightly, shifting a little before it moved. It crossed behind the woman’s neck and traveled to her other shoulder.
It was my family’s talisman.
I was a descendent of more than one god?
“Yes, my daughter, you were born of my body.”
My eyes stung.
You’re my mother?
Her head lifted in a slight nod. “It is no coincidence that your family adopted the Tarantula, Marcelline. I taught my love — your father and his family a better way.”
My head spun.
What happened to you and my father?
“We were attacked on the street. Your father tried to protect me, but we were both mortally wounded.”
But, my aunts told me you were killed in a car accident.
“That was an easier story than the truth.”
My brain stalled as I tried to sort through what I knew of Egyptian Mythology. I couldn’t remember anything that referred to a spider.
Which god are you?
“I am Neith.”
I remembered that one.
Goddess of War and Weaving.
She offered me another nod. That time, with a small smile.
No wonder I didn’t make the connection to the tarantula. The spider was considered a metaphor for weaving.
“I am proud of how far you have come, Marcelline. I am sorry you have learned so much pain and loss at such a young age.”
A tear slipped down my cheek. My mother was a goddess.
I wish I could’ve known you.
“I know, my daughter. My heart has always been with you. If you wish, I will grant you my power as well. It would serve you well with the future you have built.”
The power from a goddess of war couldn’t hurt if I wanted to help Aisling and Connor and be at Liam’s side as an asset rather than a liability.
Not only would I need to figure out which powers I would be granted, but I’d need to learn to use them as well. If only the gods could offer an instruction manual during these rituals.
My mother’s mouth twitched.
Oops.
Sorry, this is a little strange for me.
“Do not fret, my daughter.”
 Yes, I would be grateful for your power.
“Our time is short so we must proceed. Do not resist the infusion or it will be painful for you.”
Okay. Thank you, Mom.
“My Marcelline,” she smiled.
And then the two gods raised their hands.
The bursts of white-hot lightning coming from their outstretched fingers were almost blinding as they impacted my chest. A few moments after those bolts began, my Tarantula heated up in my right hand.
That was when I knew.
Something was wrong.
Chapter 67



Off in the direction that mystical rubber band in my abdomen pointed, I heard a small grunt. Even through the crackling thunder of those bursts of lightning coming from the two gods, I heard him.
Liam wouldn’t risk distracting me. Wouldn’t risk the ritual failing, if he could help it.
If my talisman was warm, that meant danger — Liam was in danger.
That strange power blanketing the whole expanse held me paralyzed in place. As much as I wanted to turn my head to see what was happening, I couldn’t move.
I closed my eyes and dropped into astral, praying to the moon, Neith, Anubis — everything and everyone — to please not let the ritual fail.
Astral’s eyes opened and she turned to look for Liam.
Even with the muted, nondescript nature of her vision, it was obvious that the dark liquid flowing down Liam’s hand and dripping from his fingertips was blood.
A renewed flash of terror washed over me when a familiar man stepped out from the shadows.
There he was.
The man that killed my family.
Green swirled in his aura and pulsed with every excited heave of his chest. Beside him, the gray in Liam’s aura spiked, battling with green and dark blue. And I wasn’t the only one held in stasis.
Liam stood, frozen by whatever power flowed from the two gods in front of me. What was more disturbing than that was that the shooter didn’t seem affected by it.
In his grip was that familiar curved dagger. The one that branded me in the dream spell. Wielded by that strange vampire after I became a witch. And thrown at me in the French Quarter.
No.
Astral took a quick glance around and saw that Angela, Aisling, Connor, and Zoe didn’t seem to be aware of what was happening. Not even the witches’ auras changed as they stood there. Unmoving.
How was the shooter unaffected?
What was he planning to do to Liam?
When Astral turned back to the two men, her eyes widened, noticing a faint shimmer behind them. In the limited light, she missed it before. The darkened trees were distorted there. Like a wide transparent circle, it rippled as if it was made of water.
The how or why no longer mattered.
It didn’t matter how he broke through the line of protectors around us or that he was somehow free from the stasis. He was after Liam.
No. Please no.
The shooter gripped the material of Liam’s suit jacket by the neck. And then he began dragging the vampire with him toward that rippling circle.
I knew then what the shooter planned to do.
Where that watery doorway led, I didn’t know, but he was taking Liam. On some deep level, I understood that if they and the round passage disappeared, I’d never see Liam again.
Mom, please, let me at least move my hands. I can’t let this happen. I can’t lose him.
My thumb moved over the body of my talisman and a wave of exhilaration washed over me. I extended my finger and sliced it against a fang.
Please, let me move my other hand to my pocket. That’s all I ask. I’m begging you.
Astral watched in horror as the shooter began to disappear into the distortion. Like he was stepping through a mirror. She shot out of me, holding her own talisman for the first time, and ran toward them as that doorway began to shrink.
She and I agreed. It didn’t matter if she never found her way back to me. Saving Liam was all that mattered. Hurtling through the opening, Astral followed right after them.
Shuddering from absolute panic, tears burned my eyes, smearing the bolts of lightning in my vision. They spilled in the next instant.
Ahead of Astral, the shooter dragged Liam’s limp body. I began to wonder if the power that held everyone in stasis while I worked the ritual was still affecting him. Otherwise, I knew he’d do anything to break free.
Still connected and tethered to me, Astral glanced around.
All around them, there was nothing but gentle, undulating water. Like they were in the middle of the ocean, standing on top of it like it was solid ground.
While lightning kept shooting from Anubis and Neith, I kept struggling, trying to move my hand to my pocket. It was moving far too slow.
I can’t lose him. Please.
Like something snapped, my arm was free, and I gasped.
This can’t fail.
I dug my hand into my pocket, ignoring the sting from the gashes in my palm dragging against my jeans. My fingers found what I needed and more tears slipped from my closed eyes.
Thank you.
When I snapped the bone inside the small leather pouch, several things happened in quick succession. That faint thrum coming from that watery doorway stopped as it closed, cutting off that mystical rubber band connecting Liam to my physical body. I didn’t know how, but I still felt Astral’s connection to him.
In her vision, everything lit up with color. No longer did she see muted, undefined shapes from the astral plane. Liam’s aura disappeared as he lifted his head. Those green eyes widened as he saw her running after him.
“If you want me,” Astral’s corporeal body gritted, “then come and get me, you asshole.”
The shooter stopped, turned around, and then laughed, the darkness in his eyes glimmering with unspent cruelty. “So you couldn’t go through with the ritual after all, could you? Well, that’s too bad for you.”
If he didn’t know what was happening, then she wasn’t going to tell him.
“Just let him go.”
“Marcelline,” Liam warned.
“Hmm, I don’t know,” the shooter mused, ignoring him. “Perhaps I’ll keep him as an incentive. Keep your word, he lives. Don’t, he dies.”
It didn’t take a genius to know he had no intention of letting Liam live.
Holding up her hands, Astral took a few careful steps toward him as his green aura spiked and shivered around him.
“Fine,” she said. “I surrender. You have me.” Keeping her talisman firm in one hand, she extended the other toward him. It wasn’t a threatening gesture, it was one of compliance — she was willing to go with him. Wherever he planned to go.
His grin widened and the hand holding his dagger flashed out, slicing the skin on her palm so deep, it felt like he grazed bone.
Snatching her hand back with a cry, the damage was already done. Despite laughing at his good fortune, his aura stayed green. There was no humor in his mirth. And it was disturbing, to say the least.
As the first drops of blood splashed against the surface of the water, the small sound seemed to echo all around us.
Then a loud, deep voice boomed across the expanse, “Henry, why are you spilling blood in my domain?”
Chapter 68



The shooter — Henry, I presumed, Liam, and Astral froze in response to that strange voice. Off in the distance, a small gondola boat emerged from the mist with a man standing at the rear, holding his oar in the water beside him.
Unlike any kind of gondola I recognized, it looked like it was constructed with papyrus.
Though a boat like that was better suited for a place like Venice — not in the middle of an otherworldly, watery landscape — there were other, more glaring oddities.
The air was thicker, like a hurricane fast approaching, yet Astral saw no storm clouds in the gray sky. Some of the physics didn’t seem right either. Although both the gondola and the driver’s oar glided through the water, the trio standing there were completely dry, like they stood on solid ground.
Henry released Liam’s collar and some of the humidity hanging in the air fell away. Like a lit match flickered out of existence, the vampire stood up, pushing Astral back several steps before standing in front of her, ready to fight, if necessary.
His hand moved in a blur before he took her hand and pressed his palm against the deep wound. The contact of his cool skin sent a shiver of relief through her while their blood mingled. His grip tightened as she healed, but he didn’t let her go.
Though it wasn’t new to feel a strange duality from being in two places at once while projecting, it was the first time Astral was corporeal, seeing clearly. As if she was me.
Completely.
While Henry seemed to think I abandoned the ritual, I wasn’t certain what Liam thought.
But that was the least of our worries.
Exposing his back to Astral and Liam, the shooter looked nervous as he watched the boat approach.
The enemy of my enemy is a friend, as the old saying went.
The driver had dark hair, tanned skin, and brown eyes that were so deep they looked black. Though his exotic appearance suited him, he didn’t appear to be any more than just a man.
“The rules within my realm are simple,” he began. “No bloodshed. No death. No bending or breaking terms of the agreement — which includes no death or intent of death as a result of passing through. These were all made clear before you were allowed to cross.”
Henry’s head dropped forward a little, but he didn’t lower his gaze.
“And yet, here we are. Two people, both of whom you intend to kill, have entered my realm. You planned to take the vampire with you and then kill him once you were returned to your realm.” The man shook his head slowly and made a tsk sound that made Astral shiver with fear. It wasn’t even directed at her.
“Worse still,” his voice grew louder and it thundered around them, “you spilled blood in my realm.”
I didn’t know if he was being literal — that Astral’s blood dripped from her hand, but it didn’t matter. Luckily, he didn’t seem to mind that Liam cut his palm with his fangs to heal her.
“Apologies—” Henry began, but the sudden rage that flared in the driver’s dark eyes made him stop.
“These two, knowing nothing of me or this realm, had the good sense to heed my warning. Though, given the circumstances, I would not blame them if they had not. You are hereby exiled from my domain. If you return of your own free will, you will not leave with your life.”
With a snap of his fingers, Henry was gone.
Like he flipped a switch.
A bead of sweat trailed down Astral’s back and I began to worry.
At the pond, the bolts of lightning continued. With each passing moment, I felt like I was going to burn alive. Somehow, she was feeling some of that heat.
The man stepped out of his boat and walked toward them. “That is not how I hoped to greet you, Marcelline.” He paused for a moment and then realized his misstep. “Pardon me, I am Mahaf, the Ferryman.”
That name sounded familiar to me, but I couldn’t pinpoint it. The Ferryman, on the other hand, was mentioned throughout the different mythologies I studied. Some were said to only escort souls to the Underworld, while others were just gatekeepers and guides between realms.
Based on what happened since Henry showed up at the pond, I was guessing on the latter. From what I understood, the Sphinx did the same.
“I have called to Bugs to retrieve you, Marcelline. You are not where you should be.” Though it didn’t come as a surprise that Mahaf knew that the body in front of him was actually Astral, it was still a little jarring. His dark gaze shifted to Liam. “I will return you myself.”
“I would prefer to stay with Marcelline.”
“Of course you would,” he smiled. “But if Bugs must escort both of you, it will greatly increase the chances of Marcelline not finding her way back.” Although she couldn’t see Liam’s face from his defensive position, she knew he was confused by Mahaf’s statement. The Ferryman’s dark eyes flickered to her. “He does not know?”
“I didn’t exactly have a chance to explain,” Astral replied.
Liam’s grip tightened a little, but I wasn’t certain what the gesture meant.
Mahaf extended his hand, “By all means.”
The vampire’s head turned and she met his green gaze.
“The ritual is still going, Liam. I am Astral.”
His eyes widened. “How?”
“It was something she and I figured out last night — with a little help.”
Mahaf spoke next. “This Marcelline must find her way back to the astral plane in your realm and her body. There is too much risk of failure if you travel together.”
“Liam,” she began, “if this fails, I will be lost — this part of me will be gone.” She sighed. “Every instinct told us that if Henry took you, you’d be gone forever. We couldn’t let that happen. I did this knowing the risks.”
She wasn’t going to reveal any more to Liam with Mahaf around.
“What they have said is correct, Liam,” a voice said from somewhere behind the gondola. “If Marcy did not have the good sense to send her astral’s talisman with her, she might have been lost as soon as she crossed into this realm.”
As he finished speaking, he stepped into view. And Astral gaped.
Approaching from behind Mahaf was a fully grown lion weighing at least five hundred pounds. It was obvious that he was so much more. Beyond the fact that he could speak, he looked out with glowing green eyes, his tanned face was a man’s and his long, golden hair and beard were his mane. With massive wings extending out from his shoulders, he was magnificent.
That was Bugs.
It was one thing to know Angela’s gray cat with the green eyes and choppy purr was a Sphinx. It was a whole different beast to see him as one.
Literally and figuratively.
As more sweat dripped down her back, Astral blew air up toward her nose, as if that might help relieve the intensity of the heat caused by the ritual. With every bolt of lightning, I was growing weaker. And if the ritual didn’t end soon, I was going to lose consciousness.
“I don’t think I have much time, Bugs,” she said, releasing Liam’s hand. “How do I get back?”
“I will take you,” he responded, padding toward me.
Her eyes flickered to Liam. “I’ll see you back there.”
Though it wasn’t a goodbye, there was a possibility that he’d never see her again. Since she was no longer in the astral plane, she couldn’t read his aura, but fear and sadness were written all over his features.
“Until we meet again, Marcelline,” Mahaf said.
And then Bugs pushed his forehead against her hand.
It felt like someone reached out and snatched her backward through oblivion. Air whooshed by, but she didn’t feel it as she sped through nothingness.
All the while, her talisman remained in a death grip, hoping she’d find the way back before I lost consciousness.
Fuck me. This heat.
It was unbearable. Every cell in my body burned so much that the vibration would make my skin melt if I made a sound.
In the next instant, that rubber band snapped back to life and I knew Liam was back.
“My daughter, there is not much time, listen closely,” Neith began. “This is very important. Once this ritual is complete, your powers as a first-generation child will be more valuable than ever. As an apex predator, you must rely on your instincts. For Horus and his demigod descendants, a bird of prey is still a bird. They were not built for war. Even if it does not make sense to you, listen to those instincts. Heed them. Do you understand?”
Horus, the sky god?
“Yes. He and his descendants are the ones pursuing you.”
My head spun from her words and the unbearable heat radiating through my body.
Since most of the Egyptian gods were associated with animals in some way, I knew that Horus was associated with a bird of prey, most notably a hawk, but I wasn’t certain why Neith referred to me as a predator in war as an analogy because tarantulas weren’t even close to apex predators. But, if she wanted me to use my instincts, that was something I could do.
Yes, I understand.
“Remember, Marcelline, my heart is always with you.”
Fresh tears slipped from my eyes at her words. It felt like she was telling me goodbye. And that was when I knew, that was probably true.
The ritual was coming to a close and I didn’t know if I would stay conscious long enough for Astral to reach me in time. I didn’t even know if she’d make it back at all.
“You must stay awake,” Neith shouted across the small distance between us. There was an urgency to her voice that wasn’t there before. Then, as if through a long tunnel, I heard, “He is coming for you.”
As the last of the lightning shot out of the two gods, something smashed into me with the force of a freight train.
Chapter 69



For a long moment, all I felt was blistering pain. With all that heat, I thought I would pass out. Or die. But instead, I dropped my head back to open my mouth and inhale that blissful frigid January air, no longer caught in that web of paralysis that coated me like a shroud.
That deep, cooling breath carried that hint of sweet mint that hovered around me, but I already knew Liam was there. Stuffing my talisman back into my pocket, I opened my eyes.
Even in the low light, Liam was breathtaking. Those green eyes shimmered against the moonlight and pierced right through me. I watched in awe as his aura glowed in that tornado of deep blue and pink I would always recognize as his.
But it was his smile.
The slow stretch of his lips as he took me in, checking for any signs of further damage, beyond my hand that was still cut from the start of the ritual.
Fuck me, I would never grow tired of seeing that smile.
Before I moved, he was there, wrapping his arms around my waist in an embrace that was so forceful, some of the air rushed out of my lungs. I didn’t mind. That sense of uncertainty coming from him weighed heavy in the air. Plus, the coolness that emanated from him helped ease a little of that stifling feeling of slowly burning alive.
“Marcelline,” he breathed, “your astral form returned to you, did it not?”
I nodded into his shoulder as she closed her eyes. “Yes.” I smiled against him. “The collision hurt, but it was better than the alternative.”
Then I remembered my mother’s words right before the ritual ended and I froze.
Pulling back, I said, “We don’t have much time, and we can’t stay here.”
He nodded, sliced his palm on a fang, and held it against mine to let it heal as we moved.

Ignoring the pain of my skin repairing itself, I began. “I have two ancestors. Anubis, and Neith. She was my mother.”
Angela’s low whistle trilled out from behind me. “The Goddess of War and Weaving.”
“Yes,” I nodded as we reached the parking lot. “My family used the Tarantula because of her. She didn’t exactly give me a lot of details, but she said Horus and his descendants are the ones after us.”
It wasn’t a mistake that I said us, and not my family, because my cousins weren’t my only family any longer. Plus, why didn’t Henry just kill me and be done with it? Why abduct Liam? That told me enough. For whatever reason, Henry — and an untold amount of Horus’s other demigod descendants — wanted me to die along with anyone that stood in their way.
Liam and his nest fit the bill.
“Horus, the Sky God?” Aisling asked.
I nodded. “I don’t know why, but we can worry about that later. Neith warned me that he’s coming. I don’t know who, but she was urgent.”
The Tarantula in my pocket lit up with heat in a warning. That strange power washed over me. The same one that I sensed several times before. On the dagger that stabbed me. When I walked away from Liam’s home. And the forced trip to the Spirit Realm.
I tensed as Liam released my hand, anticipating losing control of my body once more, but nothing happened.
Instead, something else stirred under my skin. Waiting. But whatever it was, I couldn’t define it. That was the least of my concerns. I was shocked I wasn’t already unconscious from the fever burning through me.
That was when Liam’s expression went blank.
In the next instant, his features contorted into something I never saw from him before. Even when he was angry with Tobias, he never looked so menacing.
Those green eyes were hungry.
For my blood.
My stomach dropped as I realized Liam was being ridden.
Fuck me, why didn’t I realize that before?
I was too shocked to drop into astral and move away from him.
Lunging toward me, Liam’s mouth opened, revealing his fangs. About halfway to my neck, he froze. Like someone hit a cosmic pause button.
“Vlad?” Aisling gritted.
The vampire flashed into my vision, pulling his son away from me. His gaze flickered to Aisling, waiting.
“Knock him out,” she said. “Something is resisting my hold on him.”
“Very well,” he replied.
As Vlad’s hands moved to Liam’s neck, I blurted, “Stop!”
The vampire hesitated but kept his grip on his son as I stepped forward.
Liam hissed.
“Marcelline,” Vlad warned, “if I break his neck, he will not be dead. But he would wish for it if he killed you.”
I shook my head, “We don’t have time for this. I know a better way. He’s being ridden.”
“What did you say?” Angela asked as she moved to my side.
When I turned to look at her, my eyes widened.
Those beautiful brown eyes of hers were gone. They were a blue that was so pale, I thought they were reflecting the moon. In the limited light, I thought I saw something on her cheeks. Whatever it was, it looked white, standing in stark contrast to her chocolate skin.
Am I hallucinating?
She waved her hand, “This is a spirit wolf thing. What is ridden?”
“Um,” I tried to gather my thoughts as Liam struggled against his father’s arms. “It’s like being possessed by a ghost. But it’s Voodoo.”
Her hand shot out and gripped Liam’s wrist as her eyes closed.
I flinched from the sudden motion.
Fuck me, how did she move so fast?
But then, in the next instant, her icy blue eyes opened and she frowned. “There’s something there, but whatever it is, it’s not something I can break.”
Holy shit, the barrier.
That was when everything fell into place.
In New Orleans, as Henry threw that little bottle at me, I used my Tarantula when it warmed up. It erected a barrier to prevent that potion from coming into contact with me. I felt it heat up again after arriving at Liam’s home, just before I lost control over myself. I wasn’t released until I sliced my wrist.
“Since you and Aisling are having trouble,” I began, “maybe you both need to sever the connection. But for now, I can stop it.” I pulled the Tarantula out of my pocket, slicing Liam’s palm with a fang and I felt a barrier snap into place around him.
Angela felt it too. “Weaving,” she breathed with a small smile.
I nodded as Liam took a sharp intake of breath.
He was back.
“No, Marcelline,” he shook his head, as much as his father allowed, the panic evident in his features. “I cannot take that chance.”
Shaking my head, I said, “Stop, Liam. I know what I’m doing. This is a web, not an impenetrable shield, but it’ll work for now.”
It was Vlad that spoke next, “Very well. But if it fails, I will not hesitate to break his neck to protect both of you.”
I sighed. “I can agree to that.”
Before we could do anything else, a deafening cry erupted into the air around us.
It was a bird’s call.
But not anything I ever heard before.
And as the sound reverberated through the expanse, my stomach dropped.
Our time was up.
Chapter 70



Terror washed over me as I processed what I was hearing, called out from somewhere beyond our sight. Though it was familiar, it was the magnitude and volume that were too different.
And not in a good way.
It was as if the bird was far bigger than any birds I knew about. Not even a human could emit that much sound.
The rest of the group began to fan out around us while a sinking feeling washed over me. Vlad and Liam looked around, searching. With such advanced hearing, they should have, at the least, been able to pinpoint the direction of its source. But they couldn’t.
We were already in unknown territory when it came to my status as a demigod. When it came to dealing with my scream. More so with whatever powers my mother granted me. Though Neith clued me in as to who was after me, it was still a puzzle far too complex to complete.
It begged the question — why?
The unknowns and unanswered questions weren’t any friends of mine. There was already plenty of that to go around.
But that sound.
It, too, would haunt me for the rest of my life.
“Shit,” I hissed as my eyes searched through the darkness that surrounded us. “We need light, I can’t deal with something I can’t see.”
“Vlad,” Aisling said, “help me out, here, give us a wide berth, but make sure no one can see from the outside.”
I looked at her as if she spoke some archaic language I didn’t recognize. To say that her words left me confused was an understatement.
How could Vlad prevent anyone from seeing what was going on?
What could Aisling do?
The vampire walked toward her voice, still scanning the tree line for any signs of movement. He was still close enough that he could protect me if Liam was ridden again. Whatever they could do, I trusted their actions with my life. Just like Liam did.
It didn’t take a genius to know that my eyes were far less precise than Liam’s, but as he searched, I attempted to breathe in that cool air to ease my burning flesh. All the while, my mind began to unravel from the weight of the unknown.
A low thrum of power washed around me, like a little gust of charged air.
Then, as if someone flipped a switch, the whole expanse lit up with just enough illumination to see from the parking lot to the lake, and a few yards into the trees. I looked down, assessing if that illumination was sufficient.
“Whatever it is you’re doing,” I began, “is there any chance that you can brighten it a little?”
“How much do you want, Marcy?” Aisling asked.
I turned my head to look at her. “I—” I paused, trying to collect my thoughts.
There was no hint of incredulity or doubt that she couldn’t do what I asked. It was a genuine question. Like she could make night into day if I needed it. As soon as that thought passed through my mind, my eyes widened.
“Something is telling me it needs to look like daylight. Can you turn night into day?”
Then, the dial on the electricity output was turned up, brightening the whole space like it was noon on a cloudless day. “Well,” she began as an awestruck smile spread across my face, “I’m not powerful enough to speed up the Earth’s rotation, but I can mimic it. Will this work?”
Behind her, shadows cast by trees gently swayed across the pavement. Perfect. “Is this a problem for you to keep going?”
She snorted. “This is like background noise, M—”
Another deafening bird call sounded off, drowning her out. It roared around us like we were in the center of an echo chamber.
Something about that eerie sound stirred something within me. I felt it there. Tickling in the back of my throat like I needed to cough.
As promised, I would heed it. But not until the time was right.
If Henry was responsible for what was happening, he thought the ritual failed.
I would use that to my advantage as long as I could.
When that awful sound died away, Liam’s gaze met mine. There was a flash of something in his features I couldn’t place. Recognition, or surprise perhaps. Since no fear or unease registered to my senses, I didn’t try to define what it meant.
Behind him, a dense fog began to rise from the ground about a dozen yards past the tree line. I blinked, unsure of what I was seeing, and felt a twinge of fear in my spine.
“That is my doing, Marcelline,” Vlad said, low. “Focus on what you can control.” At his words, something from Dracula flitted across my memory. He can, within his range, direct the elements: the storm, the fog, the thunder. I couldn’t help myself, I grinned.
What else was Stoker right about?
If we survived, I planned to ask him.
But then I froze. Just beyond the reach of Aisling’s artificial light, there was a faint shimmer. Like an animal’s eyes flashing against the sun.
“Liam,” I hedged, not looking away from that spot. If I did, I feared I might lose my opportunity. “Please trust me when I tell you to do something, okay?”
He stayed silent and nodded.
Reaching out with my hand, I grasped his wrist and pulled him around me so he wouldn’t obscure my line of sight.
“I need everyone to move behind me. You stand near Aisling and keep her safe. Let me deal with this myself.”
Releasing him, I smiled inwardly when that rubber band lessened in intensity while everyone did as I instructed. While I was grateful he did as I asked, I hoped he would stay there when he realized what was about to happen.
Once I stood between my friends and what waited beyond the reach of Aisling’s light, I adjusted my stance, one leg extended a little in front of me.
And then I smiled. But it wasn’t warm.
It was a show of teeth.
“I see you,” I said, knowing my voice would reach its destination. “Now come and get me.”
Then, I forced my eyes to stay open as I waited.
Color exploded to life like a neon sign as Astral’s eyes opened to join me and my smile widened. The heavy gray swirling in that aura like a winter storm told me enough.
Fear wasn’t something I expected to see from an enemy. Especially a vampire. When the man stepped forward into the light, a low growl rumbled from behind me.
It was Liam.
To my surprise and elation, he stayed where he was. But it was no doubt taking every ounce of his control to do it.
The menacing look in the unfamiliar vampire’s pale features as he bared his teeth and fangs was at odds with his aura. He was putting on a façade to intimidate me. But my lack of fear and boldness set him on edge. It helped that I had so many people standing behind me just waiting for their opportunity to remove his head.
I took another deep breath, letting some of the heat out when I exhaled. It wasn’t enough, but those cooling breaths were keeping me conscious.
Lifting my arms in front of me, I wriggled my fingers. “What’s the matter? You don’t want some of this?” For effect, I lifted my jaw, exposing my throat to him.
That was when he moved.
It was strange, watching him from both sets of eyes. Astral saw him through that strange, muted filter with the vivid gray aura shimmering around him as he ran toward me at a reasonable pace. But, to my vision, I only saw a blur of dark clothes and hair hurtling in my direction faster than I could follow.
While he ran, intending on throwing a punch at my head before barreling into me with his body, I stayed still. At the last instant, with his fist inches from my nose, I ducked out of reach, throwing my arm up in a wide arc.
Then I lunged to the opposite side, keeping my front leg planted. His momentum, mixed with my unexpected speed caused him to trip when his foot contacted my shin. Pain reverberated up my leg, but it wasn’t something I couldn’t handle.
Along the way, my arm caught what it was after and I grinned. Using his stumble to my advantage, I stopped him from barreling into my friends as my arm wrapped around his like a macabre boa constrictor, with my hand locking him in place by his shoulder. Then, I forced him down, face first, to the frozen concrete.
I learned from my mistake when I sparred with Liam. Instead of leaving the rest of his body open, my knee was already on his back, forcing his hips down so he couldn’t spin free from me. My free hand stayed at the ready, to catch myself if he did manage such a feat.
When he hesitated, unsure of what to do next, I knew I had him.
That free hand shot to the back of his head and when my palm made contact with his skull, I directed my scream at the same spot.
But the sound didn’t escape my throat.
It ricocheted through my body like a shockwave.
And when it passed from my hand and into him, his head exploded, leaving pieces of scalp, bone, and brain in an arc above his shoulders.
Before I took my next breath, I moved to my feet, ignoring the various looks of awe and grim satisfaction, and instead looked at Liam. His aura swirled in that tornado of dark blue and pinkish red with orange shimmering at its edges. Like sunlight behind his tornado. I flashed him a quick smile in gratitude for doing as I asked and then turned back to Strahl Lake.
Even though I couldn’t see him, I knew he was there. I could feel his cruel eyes following me. “The ritual failed,” I lied, “there’s no need to pursue me any longer.”
“You think I can’t see you right now?” Henry snapped. “It’s not just your eyes that give you away, Marcy.”
I didn’t know what he meant by that, but a smile spread on my face.
He took the bait and revealed himself.
Despite not seeing him, I knew he stood at the bank of the lake, watching through invisibility. I didn’t know if his spell — or gris-gris — wasn’t powerful enough to hide everything, like mine when my cousins and I fled from him in New Orleans, but it didn’t matter.
He knew the ritual worked. And I knew his location, which meant he had a choice — flee with hopes of keeping his life, or stay and face me.
If what Neith told me was correct, whatever abilities he gained from Horus’s power couldn’t match up with mine. I still didn’t know entirely what that meant, but I felt no fear of him at that moment. Before the ritual, I didn’t think that would ever be possible while he was alive.
Despite Astral’s vision, his aura wasn’t visible, I still knew how he felt. Whatever he used to hide only went so far. I didn’t know how, but I could smell the fear wafting off him like a disease.
“So what are we doing here, Henry? Are you going to run, or are we going to end this?”
In answer, he blinked into existence. Like he flipped a switch. Based on the small leather bag — gris-gris — that dropped from his hand, it wasn’t far from the truth.
But something wasn’t right.
All around us, shadows cast almost straight down from Aisling’s light, which meant I should’ve been able to see his. And yet, there was nothing. It was as if he dropped his invisibility and his shadow forgot to join him.
Instead of speaking, Henry tipped his head back and another of those deafening bird calls erupted from his throat.
Chapter 71



Though I already knew that Henry was a demigod — Horus’s descendant, I finally understood part of the cryptic message Neith offered me.
A bird of prey is still a bird.
Even if Henry could replicate the complexities of a bird’s call, the sound was far too powerful for any normal person to manage. But it was more than that.
I watched as the truth bloomed all around him like a dense cloud. It explained why his shadow was missing, despite having enough light around him.
Because his shadow was something else.
It expanded from him. Up and out. All while that sound continued to erupt from his chest.
As I watched, my stomach dropped.
There it was, a shadowed hawk.
Standing around thirty feet off the ground, the creature was almost as tall as the trees around us. Spanning from end to end, his wings extended at least seventy feet across. At the ends, his primary feathers separated like fingers.
The hawk’s feet were the size of tanks, flanking Henry on both sides, while his sharp, curved beak and talons stretched several yards long. They each came to a thin, razor-sharp point.
A heady, nauseating scent of fear registered to my nose. How I knew what that scent was, I didn’t know. That odor was all coming from the group behind me. I understood why. If the hawk, despite appearing to be a shadow, was corporeal, it wouldn’t take much to kill any of us.
By the time Henry’s call finally died away, I was ready to respond. That itching in my throat, waiting to be released, increased in intensity. And, at last, I heeded it, dropping my head back to elongate my throat. While I kept my eyes on Henry and the shadowed hawk above him, I released it.
A hiss, far louder and stronger than I ever heard before, crawled up my throat. There was a variance to it that reminded me of a cat’s purr, but the sound was far more menacing than a contented noise of satisfaction.
Because it was.
If the sound didn’t come from me, I would’ve been terrified.
As that hiss fell away, I thought that whatever Vlad was doing with the fog was a little too effective. It was beginning to block some of Aisling’s light. A few gasps sounded from behind me as Henry’s aura exploded with even more gray.
That was when I realized that wasn’t the case.
It was a shadow.
My shadow.
Eyes traveling upward to see what it was, it took my breath away.
Fuck me, that thing is massive.
A quick glance behind me confirmed my suspicion and a slow smile spread on my face as I took in the auras of my friends. Most of them shimmered with orange as they gaped at my shadow. Though a few swirled with gray, I wasn’t certain if they were afraid of me, Henry’s hawk, or both of us.
Among his usual tornado of hues, the orange around Liam’s aura streaked through the swirling mass of deep blue and pinks and sparked around the edges like lightning. It grew in intensity as his eyes traveled its length, extending back behind us so far, it disappeared beyond the reach of Aisling’s light into the foggy darkness.
The underside of my creature’s mouth directly above me hovered about fifteen feet off the ground. Judging the distance between her front and hind legs, I guessed her total length was, at least, one-hundred-and-fifty feet.
A low whistle caught my attention. Even in the shadow of my creature, I saw a faint peppering of white fur on Angela’s cheeks, eyes still glowing with that eerie light blue. “Neith was the mother of crocodiles,” she breathed.
Until that moment, even though the truth was visible to all of us, I didn’t recall Neith’s animal association. It brought back the image of the goddess embracing a pair of crocodiles as she nursed them.
Angela’s look of awe intensified and she smiled. “That is so fucking cool.”
I couldn’t help but agree.
Neith’s words, at last, made sense. An adult crocodile was an apex predator. Not even birds of prey would mess with one if it was healthy.
Another of those strange, raspy bird calls erupted from Henry’s throat, pulling my attention back to him. The hawk’s wings moved while I wasn’t looking. They were pulled inward halfway and the plumage around his body was puffed out in recognition of the threat in such close proximity.
But before Henry’s call was finished, my crocodile’s mouth fell open like she was basking on a hot summer day. I mirrored the action. A snort cracked across the area like it was shot from a massive rocket launcher, immediately followed by that same, rumbling hiss.
Despite his hawk’s shadow darkening his features, Henry’s look of wide-eyed fear was apparent. If he knew I was Neith’s daughter, I didn’t know, but I was far stronger than he anticipated.
The hawk ruffled himself, trying to puff out more of his feathers as I closed my mouth to glare at them. As I took a deep breath, I didn’t need to see the sides of my shadowed beast to see it expand as she inhaled with me. A small burst of that coolness from the air rushed through me and I shivered, reveling in it.
Though I was still far too hot, it helped me stay focused on the threat. I exhaled and a growl came out with it. It was guttural and graveled, like boulders crashing together. It was so powerful, the ground shook beneath me.
Both Henry and his bird took a step back from their growing fear.
I couldn’t help myself, I smiled — another show of teeth. But that time, it wasn’t directed at some anonymous vampire. “What’s it going to be, Henry?” I called.
In answer, the hawk’s wings expanded outward and fluttered. I wasn’t certain if it meant he wanted to flee or charge at me. The bitter wind rushed out toward us from the strength of those wings and my stomach dropped. It could interact with the world around it.
“Liam,” I warned, “I need everyone to stay back. Don’t move any closer to him. Okay?”
“Yes, ma chère,” he replied.
That was when I moved.
While I walked at a normal pace, my crocodile took slow steps. Like they were no more than air, she flowed through my friends, but when her paws hit the ground, the world shook, proving that the shadowed creatures could voluntarily interact with the world.
Behind Henry, the still lake rippled from those reverberations. It reminded me of dinosaur footsteps approaching the two stalled vehicles in Jurassic Park.
For an instant, I wondered if Aisling thought the same thing.
Once my crocodile’s body was far enough forward, her tail curled to the side. Even though I wasn’t looking, I could feel her. She wrapped as many of my friends as she could in a protective cocoon.
That was when something registered across my senses, and I knew Henry wasn’t alone.
Chapter 72



It was the smell of fear.
But it wasn’t coming from behind me, or directly in front of me. If we were enacting one of the kids’ board games, the two sources would be positioned at ten and two on a large clock, flanking the shadowed hawk’s outstretched wings.
That wasn’t the only thing registering to my senses. Unlike the faint charge of magical electricity rolling off Aisling and Vlad to provide light and an obscuring fog around the whole area. The new, low thrum of energy was burning. Like bad wiring, sparking back and forth.
The first thing I noticed was a strange distortion. Compared to the glamour around Liam’s home, it was weak. While I could see the truth through it, it was just enough to look like everything behind it was moving much slower. I didn’t know if my friends saw the same thing, but that was the least of my worries.
Hundreds of birds called out in their various tongues. It sounded like an army’s battle cry.
Across Aisling’s sunlit sky, I saw waterfowl, geese, canaries, cardinals, carrions, and more birds of prey than I could count. A plethora of birds in various sizes flocking together. They sailed over my crocodile and then dove toward my friends.
I thought, absently, that Alfred Hitchcock might walk across the parking lot next, as anger washed over me. Those birds weren’t a real threat to my friends. My heart ached as I realized hundreds of birds were called to slaughter for nothing more than a distraction, courtesy of Henry.
But as the sounds of fighting broke out behind me, I smelled something else.
Whatever it was, it carried that same burning signature. And it was moving.
Fast.
Right toward me.
My crocodile jumped, her front paws lifting off the ground by at least six feet, carrying most of her upper body with it. When she impacted the pavement with a shuddering boom, the reverberations from my scream barreled outward, heading straight toward both sets of moving magic.
At first, I wasn’t certain what would happen, but then, as if the shockwaves flipped a switch, two rolling balls of black smoke flickered to life followed by a trio of dark witches with swirling auras to match on each side.
Fuck me.
The sudden rush of fear pulsing in my veins like battery acid was the least of my concerns. Somehow, I knew. If those tumbling balls of dark magic hit me, I would die, leaving my friends at Henry’s feet.
I didn’t know enough about my magic to be able to stop them.
Fresh magic erupted from Liam’s direction like a sonic boom, carrying the charge of Aisling’s magic as it shot out, impacting the swirling ball on my right. It dissipated in the air like it was never there at all. In the next instant, the Earthen cried out in pain and the light around us flickered.
Almost as soon as she cried out, she said, “I’m okay,” but the light around us continued to flicker.
With the other bundle of black smoke on the left still barreling toward me, I knew my life was forfeit. I was going to die. A fraction of a second passed for me to come to terms with what was about to happen.
With Astral’s assistance of speed, my lip trembled and my eyes stung. I squared my shoulders and said, “Don’t ever forget how much I love you, Liam.” I closed my eyes and tears slipped down my cheeks.
I knew what my loss would do to Liam. The thought broke my heart, but just like Lucia’s, it was a sacrifice worth making. Aisling needed him. His people needed him.
Just as quickly, Liam shouted, “No! Marcelline!”
My eyes shot open as something slammed into me, knocking me to the side. I caught the scent of raspberries as tendrils of fiery-red hair trailed out behind Zoe. In my place, she stood with her hand out in the universal signal for surrender.
She gritted, “Kehre zur Quelle zurück.”
I didn’t know what that meant, but I could guess. Whatever it was meant to do wasn’t enough. Without Astral’s speed boost, my crocodile swung her tail around to deal with the dark witches, knowing it was too late to protect Zoe, but she was determined to stop them from hurting anyone else.
That smoke impacted my friend’s chest in the next instant. An agonized cry tore out of her before it cut off and she fell. When she impacted the frozen concrete, I heard a chorus of wolves howling in the distance, growing louder. Her gray aura flickered, and the instant it was gone, that eerie howling stopped.
“No!” I cried in horror as I realized Zoe was dead.
Vlad was already there with Aisling, Connor, and Liam right behind him, the two Earthens jumping into action to save her. The fighting continued behind me, as the rest of my friends fended off a horde of birds.
I did a double-take as I caught sight of Vlad’s eyes.
No longer a vivid blue, they were bright red.
If I didn’t know him, it would have terrified me. Despite not knowing what it meant, the worry in his features was unmistakable.
My crocodile’s shadowed tail, at last, reached the trio of dark witches. It arced behind them and, in one powerful stroke, yanked them toward me.
As they cried out from a combination of pain and shock, sailing through the air from the force of the impact, my crocodile lifted her front paw and extended it outward, snatching them out of the air like she caught a treat.
Without hesitation, her paw slammed to the ground, crushing them. Blood oozed out from beneath her paw, but she didn’t seem to notice.
Or she didn’t care.
That was fine by me because if she didn’t kill them, I would have.
While Aisling and Connor worked on Zoe, dark magic began to lift with an inky smoke from Zoe’s body like it was a snake and the two witches were the charmers. Once the last of it flowed from her body, Aisling sagged from fatigue as Connor’s hand moved to Zoe’s forehead. A sudden surge of power pulsed from him, and I realized he was trying to use magic to revive her.
Lightning arced down from the bright sky and hit the dark magic swirling next to Aisling’s hand. As the smoke evaporated in the air around her, Zoe’s aura sprang back to life with a vivid gray. She gulped in air, but she didn’t open her eyes.
Relief washed over me.
Vlad reached down, wrapping one arm under Zoe’s back and the other under her knees. Safely scooped into his arms, they all moved back. Liam’s gaze met mine and he nodded toward me.
Go kick his ass, it said. Or perhaps it was my own wishful thinking.
My attention shifted as my crocodile’s head turned, focusing on the other trio of dark witches. Another low hiss escaped from my throat in warning.
The witch in the middle croaked, “We surrender,” as they each raised their hands. My shadowed beast and I knew Aisling and Connor wouldn’t want those witches killed unless there was no other choice, so we instead returned our attention to Henry.
I embraced rage and let it fill me, sharpening my senses while Henry waited. For what, I didn’t know, but I was growing tired of his delays and distractions. The sounds of fighting mixed with various cries from birds were dissipating and I felt another pang of sadness over their unnecessary loss.
“Aisling,” I began, not taking my eyes off Henry, “freeze everyone in our group but me, now.”
Magic washed over the space behind me and I smiled. Even the sound of wings flapping stopped. Baring my teeth at Henry once more, and, with the assistance of Astral, I dropped to my knee. At the same time, my crocodile jumped, the front half of her body lifting into the air.
 Her paws impacted the cold, unforgiving ground, and my fist made contact with the concrete in the same instant, splitting the skin around my knuckles from the force of the impact. Reverberations from my scream barreled through the ground and rumbled straight ahead, right toward Henry and his hawk.
When it reached them, the bird took flight to avoid the shockwave, lifting Henry with it, like he was tethered to its monstrous feet.
“Come and get me,” I growled as I stood. Another of those loud snorts followed by a rumbling hiss crawled up my throat on behalf of my crocodile.
Henry hit the ground and advanced toward me while the hawk flew up into the air. In the next instant, its massive form dove straight toward me.
That was exactly what I wanted it to do.
My crocodile was a smart predator. She knew when to wait and when to strike. All we needed to do was let them move closer.
Just as the hawk meant to claw at my crocodile’s face with giant talons, she lunged up in another of those half jumps and caught it, mid-air, clamping down with her jaws.
Pain erupted across my tongue and the bottom of my mouth an instant before I tasted blood. Lots of blood. Those talons cutting the inside of my crocodile’s mouth, cut mine, too.
Her powerful jaw tightened around Henry’s hawk, forcing her coned, sharp teeth to lodge themselves along the middle of its body. Blood pooled around the waistband of Henry’s khakis with a loud crunch as his pelvis shattered.
Spitting some of the blood that pooled in my mouth I moved toward Henry as my beast shook her head like a shark. Agony was written across his features. I was amazed he was still on his feet.
The hawk lunged forward. When his beak impacted my crocodile’s head, pain exploded on my cheek and blood poured from the wound. I hissed, barely holding on to my consciousness from the combination of heat and mounting blood loss. But I kept moving.
As I reached Henry, I lifted my hand and rested my palm against his chest. “This is for my family,” I gritted, blood bubbling from my mouth and down my chin as the power of my scream reverberated through me and into him.
His heart exploded from his chest from its intensity. The sounds of fighting stopped as what remained of the birds flew away, no longer compelled to attack my friends, but I didn’t care. The light didn’t fade from Henry’s eyes yet.
Moving my hand to his forehead, as blackness started to spread across my vision, I sent another scream through my palm.
In the next instant, Henry’s head exploded and the bitter wind whooshing above me from the force of his hawk’s wings stopped
As blackness enveloped me, I crumpled to the ground.
Chapter 73
Liam



The unanswered questions flitting through my mind were driving me mad. Why was Marcelline not waking up? Was it a spell, perhaps? Or the ritual was too much for her body to handle?
I did not know the answers. And if I was being honest with myself, I felt lost. Awareness and control were the best tools for survival. Time and time again, it saved lives. Could I save hers?
Over an hour after Marcelline lost consciousness, I paced the floor in our suite, waiting, on edge as Aisling walked in. Despite her expectant expression, she watched me for signs I would lash out at her in some way.
That only filled me with more sadness.
The reminders of my failures were all around me.
Taking careful steps toward her, I lifted my hands to rest them at her shoulders. “My dear Aisling,” I crooned, “I am sorry for my behavior if I am making you nervous. The last thing I want is for you to feel uncomfortable around me. I would never hurt you.”
“Don’t apologize for that, Liam. You know this reaction has nothing to do with you.”
I nodded in understanding and lowered my hands. My blood still boiled with anger at the trauma she endured from her step-father for much of her young life. All those years went by with her suffering, and all the while, I was unaware. If I so much as saw a bruise beneath her freckles or smelled her step-father on her, I would have killed him myself.
That guilt would follow me for the rest of my days. Not just for what she endured. But for the way it shaped her as she grew into an adult.
“If I was in your situation with Connor, I know I’d be crawling out of my skin.” She paused. “I know you, Liam. The fact that you’re running holes in your expensive Persian rug tells me you’re struggling. I want to help you.”
Perhaps it was the anxious nerves that made my mind a little slow to catch up with her, but I did not know what she wanted to do. “You have an idea, do you not?”
She nodded, her lips twitching at my use of words. “You’ve done so much for me and everyone I’ve ever cared about. I’d like to return the favor whenever I can.”
“My dear,” I began, shaking my head, “I will always do whatever I can to help you. Not because of what you are, but because of who you are.”
With a slow nod, she said, “I know. That’s the same reason I want to help you.” She waited, the unspoken question of if I wanted her to continue lingered in the air.
“What is it, my dear Aisling?”
“Let me show you,” she said and moved to stand beside Marcelline. I stayed where I was for a moment, the answer heavy in her words. Although the woman I loved was in a deep sleep on the bed we shared, Aisling could show me beneath it.
For an instant, a rush of guilt washed over me. The urge to know was unbearable. But I also understood that doing so would be an invasion of her privacy. That was not something I would do lightly.
I took a step toward Aisling, raising my eyebrow. With my mind clouded, I needed clarification. “If Connor were lying there, my dear, and someone offered you the same opportunity. Would you accept?”
“Absolutely,” she nodded. “Without hesitation. Connor would understand. Marcy will too.”
“You are certain that it will work?”
“Well,” she began, “I can’t tell if she’s dreaming, but she doesn’t look uncomfortable or upset. Her aura looks normal, too.”
On those points, I agreed with her. That loving, rosy hue hovered around her, overpowering the contented traces of purple — the default to her coloring. There was nothing there to indicate she was in any distress.
The muscles in my jaw worked as I considered it. Marcelline was always open about everything. Considering the circumstances, Aisling was right. She would understand why I needed to know.
With a nod, I said, “Very well.”
Aisling took our hands, connecting us both to her.
Closing my eyes, I joined her in Marcelline’s mind.
For a time, there was nothing. Just darkness. I heard no thoughts. Felt no emotions or changes in my surroundings. It was empty.
But then, as if gliding through a long tunnel, growing closer and closer to the image, her dream came to life.
When she told me about standing in the street wearing that silk and lace nightgown, it was detailed enough for me to picture everything. But experiencing it myself was another issue entirely.
Faint hints of mint registered to her nose. A strange flame within the ornate light pole twinkled in the darkness. With a softly glowing misty haze blanketing the entire area, it was as if the moon shone from above. Even the sensation of the breeze moving through the delicate material of her nightgown was the same.
I was mesmerized. But it was also strange. Half a millennia passed since I was human and I forgot how limited my senses were.
As the cool breeze picked up, Marcelline’s hair billowed up around her like it was weightless. And I felt it. The way it moved over her skin. How those goosebumps felt when they erupted across her body. Like tingling passing over every pore.
What happened next as I stepped into the path of the light was not something I expected.
Despite the limited light, she tried to commit every detail to her memory. I felt that heady rush of adrenaline flowing through her. Not one sliver of fear. It was a perfect combination of desire and belonging.
When my eyes began to move, it felt like cool fingertips grazing over her skin.
Just like she said.
I reveled in the way it made her feel and wondered if it came close to how I made her feel when she was awake. That low thrum that pulsed through her body with every beat of her heart and the growing anticipation only heightened her desire.
The sensation of those eyes passing over her nipple washed over her so forcefully, her head fell back.
But, too soon, everything went black and my eyes opened.
Aisling released our hands and patted my arm. The blush on her cheeks at what we experienced in Marcelline’s dream was obvious. “See?” she grinned. “She’s fine.” Not wanting to linger, she walked out of the room and closed the door behind her with a soft click.
I exhaled, releasing some of the anxiety crawling through me. If Marcelline was unchanged in that dream, then there was nothing to worry about.
Aisling’s gift meant more to me than she would ever know.
Chapter 74
Marcelline



Opening my eyes, I met Liam’s gaze and breathed, “Hey.” The man I loved sat there, at the edge of the bed, watching me. His jacket and tie were gone, leaving a few buttons of his wrinkled, white shirt open at the top. But that wasn’t all that caught my attention.
His hair was disheveled like his hands pushed through it countless times.
I wanted to sit up and wrap my arms around his shoulders, to reassure him that I was okay, but I couldn’t muster the energy. Before I could do anything else, he leaned forward. Those strong arms circled me and he sat me up, holding me close.
With a lot of effort, I managed to lift my arms around his shoulders, realizing I was blissfully pain-free. Of course, he healed me while I was out. I smiled against him. “Either my bones turned into jelly, or I’m more tired than I realized.”
A breathy chuckle crawled up his throat, but he otherwise stayed quiet. That was okay. He didn’t need to speak.
I turned my nose down into his shoulder, inhaled that sweet minty scent of his, and groaned. Then I breathed, “Fuck me, I do love the way you smell,” against his neck.
That time, though he didn’t hold back his chuckle, there was tension behind it.
“I’m here. You have me.”
His arms tightened around me a little.
After a long moment, I realized what I was wearing. “Um, Liam?”
“Yes, ma chère,” he breathed.
“Why am I wearing a towel?”
He exhaled, and then said, “Your temperature was dangerously high and you were unconscious. I needed to cool you down, and the lake was the best way to do it.”
While I knew I was unbearably hot, I didn’t realize it was that bad. “Thank you for cooling me down so fast.” Then my eyes widened, “Is Zoe—”
“She regained consciousness as you killed Henry.”
For a moment, I let that sink in. My friend risked her life — and temporarily died — for me. It wasn’t just Liam willing to risk everything to help me. I took another breath and continued, “A lot of things could’ve gone much worse. I’m sorry if I worried you.”
“Marcelline,” he began, “you told me before that you would rather become a vampire and give up all your power if it meant you could stay with me, did you not?”
“Of course, I did,” I replied. “It’s still true.”
“Your bravery and willingness to follow your instincts without hesitation was not unexpected. I love every part of you. Including your astral body and shadowy crocodile — I must say, both are badass, as Aisling and Angela would say. They are a part of you like your brown eyes or olive skin. If you lost any piece of who you are, I would grieve its passing.”
“To me, it’s an easy trade. I love you. I need you. And you, Liam, are worth every sacrifice. Giving up every power I have, fascinating as they may be, to stay with you or to save your life is a trade I would make in a heartbeat.”
“I understand,” he began. “I would give up everything to save you too.” He sighed. “While I stood beside Aisling, I was terrified that if something happened, I would be too late. If nothing else, I have one request for you, ma chère. You will consider letting me stand at your side, will you not?”
The air rushed out of my lungs at his words. Judging by the way he phrased his question, he didn’t want me to go against my instincts, but it was far too important for him to be close to me if I needed to fight on my own.
It took me a moment, but I leaned back to rest my hands on the sides of his neck. Searching his green eyes, tinged with red, I said, “I swear, you can always stand with me. But,” I paused, “I make no guarantees that our enemies will survive if they get too close to you. Just, please be careful. I really don’t want to hurt you, okay?”
“Very well,” he nodded. “I swear I will do my best. If you wish, we can even train for it.”
Smiling, I said, “I’ll enjoy sparring beside you rather than against you.”
“Thank you, ma chère.”
I held his neck a little tighter. “I need you to understand something.” I waited until he nodded before I continued. “I love you and whatever is worth your sacrifice is also mine. Saving you or anything you care about is worth it. I feel it stronger than anything I’ve ever felt before. Not even the power in my demigod blood can measure up to it.”
As I spoke, his eyes widened. I understood why. I didn’t need to drop into astral to try to define his aura. I could see it written all over him.
Surprise. Awe. Pride.
And love.
Before he could say anything, I nodded. “Yes, I’m marking my territory. You are my territory. Forever.” Then, my lips twitched. “Get used to it.”
“And you are mine,” he said, low. “Forever.”
Moving in a rush, he kissed me, hard.
As Liam pressed me back against the pillow, a groan of frustration rumbled up my throat when I lost my hold on his neck and he broke away from my mouth, those beautiful, dilated green eyes meeting mine.
“Dammit, Liam,” I began in a rush, “I need this as much as you do, but I can barely hold on to you, let alone do anything else. Do you have some magical cure that’ll fix that?”
“What is it do you think I am doing?”
“Gee, I don’t know. Having your way with me when I’m too weak to do anything about it, maybe?”
“Hmm,” he mused. “What ever can you do about it?”
My eyes narrowed as his hand pulled my towel loose. After a long moment, his fingertips began trailing down my side over my hip and I shivered. “Revenge is a dish best served cold.”
“And here I thought—” his fingers slid inside me and I cried out as my hips lifted off the mattress in silent invitation “—you liked the cold.” To prove his point, he pushed his palm into my clitoris and I shuddered from the dual sensation. “So many promises of revenge but so far, nothing. I am, shall we say, underwhelmed.”
I hissed as he ground his palm against me and then forced myself to respond. “Just because I haven’t enacted my revenge yet, doesn’t mean that I won’t.”
“Mere words, ma chère. No action,” he shook his head in mock disappointment as his hand began to move. My eyes rolled back in my head as a low groan escaped him. “No matter. I may have the cure you need.”
Something flitted across my memory. After I completed the obstacle course, William described how quickly my body adjusted to using astral projection. To test that theory, Astral and I opened our eyes, locking our gazes with his.
My hands pulled him up to kiss me with more strength and swiftness than I thought possible. All along, she was there, waiting if I needed her help.
And at that moment, I did.
Instead of kissing me, his mouth moved to my ear. “There it is,” he breathed. “Now that you have your cure, what do you want to do with it?”
Oh, the possibilities.
Several hours later, my body thrummed in Liam’s afterglow as we laid on the floor by the hearth. I snuggled closer to him and mused, “Henry mentioned something about my eyes when I told him the ritual failed—”
He nodded, cutting me off, “Your eyes turned white, ma chère. They changed after his first birdcall.”
I couldn’t help myself. I grinned. “Like Beatrice?”
With another nod, he pushed me onto my back and trailed his deliciously cool mouth down the side of my neck. “As Aisling and Angela would say, you are badass.”
My breath hitched in my throat as his hand trailed over my breast. “I’m your badass.”
With a groan, he muttered, “Mine.”
Chapter 75



Three days later, more others arrived and wanted an audience. I wasn’t certain if there were other newcomers after Liam took my cousins and me into his home, but that morning was the first time I was included.
Judging by the look on her face, it was Zoe’s as well. But I wasn’t surprised.
If revealing her story lit the fuse of gaining everyone’s trust, then stepping in front of that dark magic spell to defend me and almost dying for it was the explosion that solidified it. After what she did for me, I thanked her profusely, and it seemed that she was, at last, accepting her place within the group.
As we stepped out of the front door, four people waited for us. From the pallor of their skin, they were either vampires or ghouls. And they looked unassuming. Not fighters at all.
Their clothes were black and worn, as were their shoes. Combining that with dark hair, their pale skin stood out in stark contrast. None of them were taller than six feet, nor did it appear as though they belonged to a larger nest, like the kind Liam provided for his people.
Based on the looks in their eyes, they were relatively new to the supernatural world as well.
While Liam spoke, asking them appropriate questions, something glimmered in my peripheral vision at Jon’s back. The impeccable suit adorning his towering frame was similar to Liam’s, but on a crease in his jacket, along the base of his shoulder blades, I saw the source of that little flicker of light.
Lounging there, like it was a perfect place to rest and bask in the sun, despite the frigid temperature and gray clouds above us, was Puffle. With his head resting on his arms, his legs were crossed.
He flashed me a smile in greeting and the corner of my mouth twitched before I turned back.
The arriving quartet learned about Aisling’s existence as the new hope for their world. It wasn’t surprising to me that others were flocking to Nashville for their own reasons. But guessing their underlying motivations was more tricky.
Perhaps it was a curiosity about the sudden reappearance of Earthen witches after centuries of believing they were extinct, or if they were genuine in their oath to follow her and help in any way they could.
When his line of questioning was complete, Liam turned toward us, “Are there any additional questions?”
That was when I realized why we were greeting the newcomers. We were like a council convening for a judgment.
One by one, Liam waited for us to cast our votes.
No one seemed enthusiastic over those new arrivals. And it wasn’t difficult to guess why. Their answers to Liam’s inquiries were generic, to say the least.
At last, his gaze met mine, waiting for my assessment.
For an instant, I kicked myself for not realizing how my talents could prove useful in that situation. I kept my eyes open and invited Astral to join me. There was one question that I hoped would tell us something valuable. Their auras would reveal the truth.
“This question is for each of you individually. Why do you want to help the Earthen and what do you want if she succeeds?”
When I spoke, the aura of the one on the left flickered to green for an instant before it cleared back to purple. I wasn’t certain if it was my question that angered him, or if it was something about me. But I would go back to that. As for the other three, I didn’t see anything abnormal.
Each spoke in turn and I watched with keen interest, contemplating what I should do next.
My gaze settled on the man that flashed with anger and I started walking. I lifted my head in acknowledgment, “You.” When I stopped with Liam standing beside me, I pointed to the ground in front of me. “Come here.”
Another sudden flicker of green gave him away, but he did as instructed, not looking away from my eyes.
Subtle power plays occurred with more than just pack animals. They weren’t difficult to spot, once they were learned. If anything, they were horrifyingly obvious. Somehow, I felt that man was trying to knock me beneath him.
Though I didn’t know what might happen if I lost, I wasn’t about to let that happen, even as brown eyes so dark, they were almost black, looked back at me.
There was a slight tingling in my eyes, but I ignored it and waited. He took his time moving, but when he stopped, I took a step forward, invading his personal space. Standing about two inches taller than me, I didn’t get a face full of his chest, which made our little staring contest a little easier to manage.
My goal was to set him on edge. To see if he would reveal the reason behind his aura’s flashes of color. “And what do you think you’re doing?” I asked him, low.
With another flash of green, he replied, “What you asked me to do.”
I nodded, “Alright, let’s go with that. Do you always make power plays when you meet new people, or is it because I’m a woman?”
At my last words, green flared before retreating to purple.
My mouth lifted in a small grin. “You say you want to help. I’m curious, though. For a misogynist like yourself, why are you willing to follow a woman?”
His eyes widened in surprise as Liam took a slow step toward me, a clear threat to him. He didn’t avert his eyes as that tingling sensation in my eyes increased. When he replied, he betrayed his disgust with a slight curl in his mouth, but it was a flicker. One instant it was there, the next, it was gone. “That’s a far greater cause.”
“Fine, I’ll accept that. But you do realize that there is a hierarchy of authority here, right? Anyone living in this house will outrank you. And as you no doubt can see, aside from the Earthen, there are three other women here to greet you,” I paused. “That includes me.”
The green entered his aura and took much longer to fade. “Yes, I understand,” he responded.
That tingling in my eyes was beginning to give me a headache.
“Oh, good,” I said, in a chipper tone. And then my eyebrow raised as I added, “So, since I outrank you, if I were to ask you to kneel, would you do it?”
Green flared in his aura with a vengeance, and that time it remained. “Yes,” was his answer.
My head throbbed with pain, but I refused to look away from him.
“Now tell me this, why are you refusing to drop your eyes?”
The muscles in his jaw worked for a moment and then a low growl rumbled in Liam’s chest. The man’s eyes flickered to him, ending our little standoff as gray replaced the green in his aura.
The tingling in my eyes faded away, but my piercing headache remained. I didn’t know what to make of that, but I would ask Liam about it later.
As he regarded Liam, he said, “I’m sorry,” before he dropped his eyes.
I wasn’t satisfied. He offered Liam a half-hearted apology. That alone was enough for a downvote from me. With more vehemence, I gritted, “Kneel.”
His eyes flashed to mine and I gasped from the intensity of the pain that shot through my head.
Moving at his full speed, Liam closed the distance between them and snapped the man’s neck.
Before the misogynist’s body hit the ground, the man I loved held my face, searching my eyes. “What is wrong, ma chère?”
I shook my head, trying to clear it. “I-I,” I paused. “I don’t know. My eyes were tingling and then my head started to hurt. It started going away, but when he looked at me again, it put my worst migraine to shame.”
His eyes widened, at my words and it was enough to tell me he knew what happened. Before I could ask, he flashed me a look that told me he’d explain later. “The other three?”
“They’re fine, I think. He was the only one that was off.”
Liam released me and turned to the trio left standing, eyes wide from what they witnessed. He announced that they could stay in Nashville. But he did stress, under no uncertain terms, that they weren’t allowed inside the house for safety reasons. Though, he added, they were allowed to enter the barrier.
Once they left, Jon picked up the unconscious man and Tobias followed him inside the house.
It wouldn’t surprise me if there was a dungeon somewhere I didn’t yet know about. That man would no doubt suffer for whatever he tried to do to me. Not to mention that they’d want to know why.
My gaze traveled up to Liam once we were safely inside the house. “What did he do to me?”
“He tried to glamour you, Marcelline.”
“Is that like mind control?”
“In a sense, yes,” he nodded. “It is, shall we say, subtle. Once again, the strength of your character prevented you from succumbing to it. That was what caused the headache. It is gone now, is it not?”
I shrugged, “Mostly. I’m just glad I noticed he didn’t come here with the best intentions. It makes me wonder if anyone else staying in this town has other issues. I’ll need to check them all to be certain if that’s okay with you.”
As he nodded, I caught the relief in his expression. It wasn’t difficult to guess why. My abilities combined with Astral’s were invaluable to helping Aisling and Connor.
The cool flesh of Liam’s forehead rested against mine. And then he said, “I am happy that you are alright.”
Three hours later, roughly an hour after the misogynist awoke, Jon and Tobias explained what they learned from their brief interrogation. I translated that as torture, but couldn’t bring myself to care.
As it turned out, the man simply didn’t like women and my authority was something he wanted to overpower. What was worse, eventually, he hoped to do the same to Aisling.
Needless to say, the end of that hour was his last.
I might not have known the exact number of people that flocked to that pretty little town, but I wasn’t stupid. Over the years, I learned enough about people to know that for most, trust needed to be earned.
Aisling was far too important to risk. That made Liam’s home the safe haven she needed.
With luck, my presence would help keep it that way. I could only hope that my help would outweigh the trouble I brought to their door.
Because Horus wasn’t finished with what he started.
It was only a matter of time.
Epilogue



Later that evening, we gathered in the dining room for the first lesson on astral projection. Vlad sat down next to Zoe and angled his body to face me at the head of the table, draping his arm over the back of her chair, grinning when a blush colored her cheeks.
When everyone was settled, I began, “You cannot, under any circumstances, lose track of where your astral body is in relation to your physical body. If he or she doesn’t return before you drop out, they will be gone forever.”
I paused, waiting for any questions. When there were none, I went on. “I suggest visualizing a tether or a leash of some kind, that way your astrals can return easier and faster.” I paused. “Close your eyes and try to look out from your astral’s eyes. Just see them opening their eyes in your mind.”
Dropping to the plane, Astral stood, circling the table while I stayed in my seat.
On her third trip around the massive mahogany table, Vlad’s astral opened his eyes and grinned.
“Good, Vlad,” I said. “Can you see the auras?”
Both moving as one, they nodded.
“Okay, now try to move only your astral.”
While his body remained still, his astral’s finger ran down Zoe’s jaw toward her chin. As expected, she felt his touch and responded with a shudder. Her aura flared with a deeper pink as she realized what was happening.
He grinned, the swirling light blue and red in his body’s aura telling me he was more than just amused. As his fingertips traveled back up her jaw and down the side of her neck over her pulse, she tilted her head, giving him access.
Then, her astral’s eyes opened. Taking in her surroundings — the muted colors, imprecise visages of the people around her, and the auras she otherwise wouldn’t see, her look of awe was unmistakable.
Both astrals turned and looked at each other for a long moment. That red in Zoe’s aura intensified as Vlad’s astral fingers laced into her astral’s hair. In response, she reached out and touched his chest, watching as the light blue in the vampire’s aura disappeared.
In the next instant, those fingers fisted her red hair, pulling her head back to reveal her throat. The sudden, unexpected and aggressive action elicited a strange combination of gasp and hiss from her corporeal body.
Her astral snapped back to her body and then Zoe opened her eyes.
With a low chuckle, Tobias said, “Well, somebody’s really enjoying this little exercise.”
A small laugh escaped Connor as Zoe practically ran out of the room.
“Keep focusing,” I muttered and went after her with Astral trailing behind me.
Just outside the doorway into the main hall, I caught up to her. “Hey,” I breathed, “what’s wrong?”
A huff of exasperation came out of her as she ran her fingers through her smooth, fiery locks. “That asshole is going to torture me now. I know it.” Her Australian accent was sharper in her distress.
From the dining room, I heard Tobias laugh.
Resting my hands on Zoe’s shoulders, I said, “As you no doubt noticed, you were able to do the same thing.” I shrugged. “So what if he tries to torture you? Payback can be a bitch. It’s a win-win.”
The astral of the vampire in question stood next to us, his hungry gaze on her as he dragged a finger down her bare arm. Her aura blazed with red as her eyes slid closed. Then she gritted, “Fucking hell.”
Ignoring another laugh in the dining room, I said, “Remember what I said, Zoe. Payback can be a bitch.” As I finished, an idea sprang to life and I grinned.
A slow smile spread across Zoe’s face as she closed her eyes and took a breath. Vlad’s astral waited with a curious expression on his face.
What happened next made my jaw drop.
Her astral sprang from her body and crashed into Vlad’s, kissing him, hard, while running her nails down his chest.
Something slammed into the dining table and I bit my lip to keep from laughing.
Then, just as fast as it began, Zoe’s astral was gone and she opened her eyes. She drawled, “Thanks for the tip,” and walked down the main hallway toward the suites like nothing happened.
By the time I turned around to resume the lesson, Vlad was already following after her.

The End…

…for now
Marcelline’s Notations

Auras
Colors and Emotions

Blue = humor (light), sadness (dark)
Red/Pink = desire, love
Orange = pride, amazement
Purple = contentment, strength, power, alpha
Green = indecision, anger, envy, guilt, jealousy
Gray = fear
Black = evil, darkness, hatred
White = purity, power, hope

Others

Earthen – special witches that wield magic by will, fueled by heightened emotion; when overwhelmed or unleashed, eyes change color to red for anger or white for passion/love; capabilities include pre-cognition, sight, shield, vampire speed, healing; unaffected by iron ore; can sense living things, sometimes including ghosts; infused with the essences of all Earthens from before, perceived as whispers or “thousand voices”

Witches – confined by moon magic, either light (good) or dark (evil); may require elements (fire, blood) to cast; chanting is typically required, and German is commonly used; cannot wield magic by will alone but may have Earthen traits; iron ore dampens powers, sometimes completely; great care must be taken when creating or casting spells, otherwise darkness will overtake the witch like a sickness

Elements:
Fire – catalyst
Blood – binds an object to the caster
Earth, Air, Water – obsolete; primarily used for agriculture

Were-animals – species are varied; can shift at will but typically remain in human or animal form; vulnerable to iron ore, otherwise they heal quickly; cannot infect others with their bite; vampire blood can heal wounds but it would cause intense pain in the process, like poison; they are capable of a partial change

Pixies – tiny people with wings; appear as birds under glamour; typically live in gardens and cultivate plant life; magical pixie dust can be used as a weapon, can affect targets differently for maximum effect

Vampires – sired from a delicate process of blood exchange, a male vampire and warm-blooded woman can procreate, resulting in the child becoming a vampire at the end of puberty; these are done through will, not accidental; no aura emitted except in the astral plane; eyes flash like a cat's eyes in the light, especially if there is a dilation of the pupils; fangs descend when needed; blood is their primary source of nourishment; killed via decapitation; not vulnerable to the sun, but prefer the night; their blood can heal and reverse some effects of magic, only a vampire spelled by an Earthen can heal one, otherwise it acts as poison; werewolf bites are extremely painful; they can eat and drink normally; all injuries can heal and extremities will regrow given enough time and nourishment; their hearts beat slow

Ghouls – raw meat is the primary source of nourishment; killed by destroying the heart; after a vampire's death, Earthen flesh and the sire's blood can reanimate a deceased vampire into a ghoul; not vulnerable to the sun, but prefer the night; blood can heal and reverse some effects of magic; no aura emitted except in the astral plane; eyes flash like a cat's eyes in the light, especially if there is a dilation of the pupils; fangs are no longer present; werewolf bites are extremely painful; they can eat and drink normally; all injuries can heal or regrow given enough time and nourishment; their hearts beat slow

Night Shades – created, not born; live within dreams and can assist in keeping the dreamer asleep; possible to control the body of the dreamer; injury and death within the dreams can manifest into reality; they exist as long as the spell is set to last, or until the dreamer wakes

All Others – not susceptible to disease; not fertile unless they want to be; commonly territorial over what they consider theirs (such as a mate)

Considered Human

Shamans – maintain a deep metaphysical connection to the world, all realms, and all things; can traverse to other realms via a guide, such as an animal, or, in rare cases, a Sphinx; most travels are to the Spirit Realm to commune with the dead; can possess clairvoyant tendencies; only the most powerful can shift into a spirit animal and control weather

Voodoo and Practitioners – traditionally used as a form of religion, but other capabilities grew over time; talismans are possible, though not common; gris-gris is often used to operate like a spell with many similar effects, can transfer from one target to the next, destroyed by fire; vampire blood can increase these effects and also enhance the powers of the practitioner – the older the vampire, the more power achieved; most commonly associated with curses and necromancy

Neutrals

Guardians of Information – librarians; maintains the lore and events on all others in vaults, adding to the vaults over time as necessary; information and artifacts may vary and they are incomplete; by rule, if someone asks for information, they are required to share it

Shelterers – managers of any entity that provides lodging; these are safe places to stay with anonymity, even without the ability to pay; by rule, no attacks are allowed to humans or others on-premises, but this is not always honored or enforced

Cleaners – managers of any entity that provides a cleaning service; their primary function is to assist with clean up to prevent the discovery of others to humans; by rule, they must clean or otherwise change a scene as requested (such as demolishing or fabricating evidence) and must do so without question, even without the ability to pay

Healers – doctors and veterinarians; in addition to humans and animals, they're knowledgeable about others' biology and metabolisms, and can assist in the event of an injury; veterinarians will help were-animals that cannot shift to their human state; by rule, they will help others without question, even without the ability to pay

All Neutrals – only the top members of each establishment, such as a manager, doctor, or librarian acts as a Neutral. No assistants or lower-level employees are aware of the supernatural world unless they have prior knowledge of it; payment is never required, but large donations are common
###
Thank You

This has been an amazing and epic journey, and it's only the beginning. Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review. Read on for an excerpt from Enduring The Flames, the second book of the Earthen Witch World series.

Always,
Sarah Doughty
About the Author

Sarah Doughty writes where her laptop will follow her, every chance she has. Including into the wee hours of the morning, with her faithful canine companions always next to her or at her feet. Writing is her solace, her passion.

When she's not writing, she spends time with her family or fueling her addiction as an urban fantasy and paranormal romance-reading junkie.

She lives in Indiana with her husband, son, two faithful dogs, and an old, psychotic cat. Visit her website at www.sarahdoughty.com.
Other Titles

Earthen Witch Universe

Earthen Witch
Just Breathe
Focus
Listen
Safe

Earthen Witch World
Home

Earthen Witch World Shorts
Dream Spell
Zoe

Poetry

The Silence Between Moonbeams
Connect with Me

Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/thesarahdoughty
Visit my website: http://www.sarahdoughty.com
Sign up for my newsletter: https://landing.mailerlite.com/webforms/landing/v3z2y0
Find me on Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/TheSarahDoughty
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/thesarahdoughty
Follow me on Instagram: https://instagram.com/thesarahdoughty/
Acknowledgments

This novel would not be possible without the tireless efforts of some amazing friends and family. Without them, I do not know if it could measure up to what it is today. First and foremost, thank you to my husband, Jeff, for being my rock and nothing but supportive throughout this process, including acting as chef, chauffeur, housekeeper, technological genius and troubleshooter, best friend, and child wrangler. For my son, for marveling at my dedication and being such a smart, wonderful kid. I love you both, so very much. Thank you once again to Senior for reading my books just as fast as I can publish them. That means the world to me and I’m honored to be your daughter-in-law. To my amazing friends for listening, offering valuable feedback, being my biggest fan, and fangirling when I needed it the most — especially to Saide Harb-Ranero for the encouragement to write on. Special thanks for the translations: Despoina Kemeridou for the German, and Alex Woodroe for the Romanian. To my fabulous beta and promo teams for their invaluable help — you are wonderful. Finally, but not least, my thanks go to YOU, my readers, for loving every second of this journey right along with me. There is still much of Liam and Marcelline’s story that needs to be told, along with other stories within the Earthen Witch world, and I cannot wait to share them with you.
Excerpt from Enduring The Flames – Earthen Witch World Novels Book Two
Prologue



Morbid fascination held me in its grip as I watched the melee in front of me. They were moving faster than my human eyes could follow, but I could see enough. A group of eight people were huddled in close confines on a mat, brawling. I saw the blur of arms swinging, legs flying, the occasional flash of color. Heard the impact of some of those hits along with different variations of oomph noises.
Sure, it was fascinating, spellbinding even, watching the fray of others — those supernatural creatures — vampires, ghouls, werewolf, and Earthen witch. They were quite a sight, even if my brain couldn’t quite register the details like they could.
As a master vampire and leader of the massive home where we all lived, called a nest, Liam explained many times in my short tenure with the group that the purpose of training was preparation. In whatever situation that may present itself, it was best to practice in those conditions in order to know what to do to survive.
That was why they were sequestered onto one ten-foot, square mat, instead of spreading themselves out around the open expanse. If they were caught in close confines, they needed to know how to handle themselves — whether with allies or practicing the phrase every man for himself.
Liam took his philosophy to heart and designed his training room to rival any Olympic arena. Ranged and hand-to-hand combat stations — with their respective targets, bullseyes, dummies and punching bags for practice — filled the training room’s corners. Lining the walls between them were weight lifting sections, and an arsenal of weaponry.
At its center stood a gigantic obstacle course, almost high enough to reach the four-story ceiling. Though it could be rearranged with its various platforms and moving contraptions to keep everyone sufficiently challenged over time, it was sitting stationary, as if overseeing the sparring session at its base.
I wasn’t the only one standing outside the single, sparring mat’s boundary, entranced by the spectacle.
“I don’t know what I’m seeing,” Ethan muttered, “but it’s still pretty awesome.” The teenager stood  beside me, a few inches taller than my five-foot-eight height, wearing a loose pair of black sweatpants and a matching, tight-fitted tank beneath an open, gray fleece hoodie — eyes transfixed on the blurred brawl in front of us.
“Understatement,” I replied, my Australian accent growing sharper as I caught a sudden freeze frame. A grin, complete with a hint of fang, and dark blue eyes that flashed against the harsh fluorescent lights met mine for an instant before accelerating once more, leaving behind nothing but a blur in his wake.
I wasn’t a stranger to fighting, yet I was no warrior, either. Regardless, Ethan was right. I told myself that my pulse’s sudden jump and the rush of heat that ran down my whole body was nothing more than a startle reflex at the vampire’s sudden stop to look at me.
But I knew that was a lie.
It wasn’t that smooth auburn hair that fell just past his shoulders. It wasn’t the washboard of his abs or the scars crisscrossing his pale flesh casting shadows in stark relief.
It was all of him.
The man of darkness himself. The one that inspired humanity’s fascination with vampires — Vlad the Impaler, better known as Dracula. And that grin held a hint of wickedness that churned beneath his cool skin like an electrical current with promises I wouldn’t dare to define.
The problem wasn’t who he was, though that was already intimidating enough, to say the least. The problem, if that sinful grin was any indication, was that whatever thoughts going through his mind at that moment were meant for me.
I couldn’t fathom why he fixated on me at times. Of course, he was gorgeous with that well-defined, six-and-a-half foot warrior’s frame and rugged, auburn-colored goatee darkening his chin, set against those vivid, dark blue irises. Anyone that was attracted to a man would find their knees weak in his presence, even if they didn’t know who he was. But yet, I never saw him shooting those devastating grins at anyone else.
It didn’t make sense to me.
I was no one.
Well, no one with a literal darkness in her past that followed her wherever she went like a shroud. I was still struggling to understand why everyone was so accepting of me after all that happened. If it wasn’t for me, most of the horrendous things that happened over the previous two months to many of the nest’s inhabitants wouldn’t have come to pass.
But there I was, Zoe Kavanaugh, former dark witch, restored to light.
A woman that killed in order to protect the ones she cared about. A woman that was pulled deeper into that oblivion and lost herself in the process, costing more lives in the process. A woman that should’ve been dead and six feet under the frozen ground several times over.
If it wasn’t for Aisling and her mate, Connor, the two super-powerful Earthen witches that were trying to fix the broken world of supernatural creatures, I would be. At the very least, I’d no longer be other — I’d be human again, stripped of all my magic.
That was what I thought they’d do. But instead, they fixed me, let me keep what little power I could wield without the boost the stolen magic gave me. Even more confusing was when I offered to stay and help. They accepted, even though there was no reason trust me. In the thirteen days since, I maintained a brutally honest approach, hoping that wouldn’t persuade anyone to distrust me any further.
I even risked my life — and spent a few minutes without a heartbeat as a result — to save the beautiful woman standing on Ethan’s other side. His elder cousin, Marcy.
They arrived two days after I was brought into the fold, with Ethan’s younger siblings in tow, seeking refuge with Liam and his nest after everyone else in their large family was murdered in New Orleans. If it wasn’t for Marcy’s quick thinking, they’d have all died.
In the short time since she and her cousins arrived, a lot happened. She went from an injured and terrified Voodoo practitioner to something none of us could have anticipated. Somehow, through it all, she considered me a close friend, and that was before I gave my life to save hers. I didn’t feel like I deserved it.
Any of it. Not their acceptance, not Marcy’s friendship, and certainly not the heated glances Vlad shot my way.
I looked at Marcy, trying to block out the intrusive thoughts. Her fitted black tank top and stretchy flared jeans clung to her thin frame, highlighting her long, straight chestnut hair, flawless olive skin, and all her physical assets. It was no wonder why Liam fell for her.
While I wore a stretchy black shirt and matching leggings with my red hair pulled into a ponytail, I felt inadequate in comparison. Despite our equal height and our similar builds, she wore it much better. Combining that with the other women in the nest, I couldn’t understand the infamous vampire’s fascination with me.
Marcy’s chocolatey eyes were transfixed on the fray. And though her vision was normally as limited as mine, she could access a part of herself that allowed her to both see and move as fast as the blurred forms in front of us.
Based on her aura — the hazy color surrounding anything other, which glowed a red with little tendrils of gray running through it, combined with that twinge of heat in her gaze, I was willing to bet she was doing just that. Though her aura told me what she was feeling, I wasn’t sure what she saw that caused it.
Astral projection, as she called it, was something I was looking forward to learning. If I was going to be of any use in helping Aisling and Connor with their seemingly unlimited supply of magic and vampiric speeds, then accessing my astral self might be the difference between life or death. Perhaps then I wouldn’t feel so useless as a member of the group.
I looked to my left, and saw that Aisling was equally as entranced as Marcy, watching her mate in the fight.
While Aisling was a few inches shorter than me, her hourglass shape was visible beneath her matching fitted black tank and leggings. Combining that with her freckled, glowing peaches-and-cream skin, set against vivid blue eyes and reddish-brown hair, she looked downright ethereal. If it wasn’t for her long curls pulled into a loose bun and aura to match Marcy’s, I would’ve bet money she was an angelic apparition.
Despite all that, everyone could tell at first glance that she was the one in charge. None of the men, not even the centuries-old Vlad and his son, Liam outranked her. And that wasn’t just because of her status as Earthen.
That was because of who she was, even if she didn’t always believe it.
Though the woman standing next to her was her best friend, Angela wasn’t other. She wasn’t just human, either. Her curvy frame, accentuated by her black tank and leggings, and height, which was nearly six inches shorter than mine, was deceptively feminine and delicate. In reality, she was every bit the badass no one would want as an enemy.
And in that moment, only her eyes gave her away as something else.
Under normal circumstances, they were a liquid brown. But as her werewolf, Salvatore fought on the mat, they were glowing with an ethereal light blue against her chocolate skin and shoulder-length curls. Rather than emitting an aura, her eyes betrayed the same lust and fear that Aisling and Marcy felt for their mates.
Even with Ethan’s presence beside me, I didn’t belong there. Not in the company of three incredible women, watching how their men fared in the fight. Attempting to suppress a sigh, I dropped my eyes and turned toward the bench behind me.
As I picked up my water bottle and took a swig to hide my discomfort, Liam’s voice rang out from the mat, “STOP!” In the next instant, silence descended over the training room. I screwed the cap back into place and set the half-empty bottle back on the bench’s shellacked surface.
The last thing I wanted to do was to see the trio of couples greeting each other. To see the women checking for superficial wounds. Or the satisfied grins on the men’s faces after a successful bout of sparring.
I couldn’t bring myself to return to my place beside the mat, but I did force myself to turn around.
And smacked right into a brick wall.
Flinching from the unexpected impact, fear set my nerves ablaze for an instant before evaporating. I inhaled on reflex and smelled honey mixed with something faint. Like smoldering charcoal. It was both intoxicating and made my mouth water. And I knew why.
Oh, my god, get a grip, Zoe.
It was Vlad that stood there, filling my vision and crowding my senses. Standing at nearly a foot taller than me, his mouth was at eye-level. Before I could stop myself, my gaze fixated there and I forgot how to breathe. After a brief pause, one dark eyebrow ticked up by a fraction before he leaned forward, inches from my face, forcing my eyes up to meet his.
Despite my body telling me to back away, I forced my feet to stay planted on the floor and met those deep blue eyes. His pupils flashed against the overhead lights, marking him as one of the undead, and I froze.
Not because of the flash — I saw that many times before on others like him. It was why they flashed.
Though he was a vampire, he wasn’t dead. Blood still flowed through his veins by the force of his beating heart. But seeing his pupils widen, however infinitesimal it was, told me that something excited him. Something about me.
I just didn’t know what it was.
Then, as his baritone voice drawled in his old-world accent, I forgot what I was thinking. “What are you doing, Little Red?”
###
