


SUMMER OF 2020



SHREYA SOLARIS




















Copyright © 2020 Shreya Solaris
All rights reserved.



Chapter 1
  I had never been camping before.
 As the end of the school year neared and warm spring changed to a humid summer, all the seniors had begun to gossip about the trip to Hangman's Mountain. It was annual, and it was something every teenager in Holland High looked forward to. A week away from parents and a chance to sleep and giggle with friends at night? Who wouldn't be excited about that?
 Namely, me.
 I didn't like camping, even though I'd never been before, it just rubbed me the wrong way. Sleeping in tents on dirt grounds where there were bugs and maggots and worms crawling around? No, thank you.
 It didn't help that the mountain we were going to was called 'Hangman Mountain'. The name alone made me want to chicken out. I mean 'Hangman'? Doesn't that sound, I dunno, a foreshadow already as it is? I was told to trust my inner conscience, and I was firm on doing so, but unfortunately, my friend, Isabelle, was having none of it.
 "You are going." She stated firmly in math class. 
 I didn't even look at her as I replied, "No, I am not."
 "Why not, Nova? It'll be fun!" She whined, pouting as though she thought it would convince me otherwise. 
 "Because I am not sleeping on the dirt ground with bugs and mosquito's crawling all over my face." I scoffed. "And Hangman's Mountain? Seriously?" 
 Isabelle shrugged. "The name is a bit horrifying." She agreed. "But they do this trip every year and everyone says it's fun! Don't tell me you're chicken!" 
 I gasped, affronted. "I'm not chicken!" I defended. "I'm just cautious." I scribbled the math problem that was being written on the board into my notebook, taking a swig of water from my bottle. "Besides, my parents will probably say no."
 "Says who? You didn't even ask them!" Isabelle said. Our teacher tapped her notebook with his ruler, and she begrudgingly copied the question down. "What if they say yes?"
 "But I'm still saying no, so it's never gonna happen," I said firmly. "I don't like camping, and I never will."
 "But you've never even been, Nova! It's so much fun!" Isabelle proclaimed dramatically. She leaned back in her seat, her blonde hair tumbling onto the desk behind her. She was lucky Adam wasn't in class today, or her hair would've been history.
 "Have you been camping?" I retorted. 
 Isabelle nodded. "Once. I went with my cousins because my parents made me. I didn't want to go either, but it turned out to be fun! We told scary stories around the bonfire, roasted marshmallows, and in the daytime, we played in the river!" Isabelle sighed. "It was amazing."
 "Whatever happened to the plethora of mosquito bites you showed me after said trip?" I asked. 
 Isabelle flushed. "It was only a few!" She squeaked. "Besides, we had cream and bugs spray for that! We'll be prepared for anything, Nova!"
  I shrugged. "I don't know..." I was swaying to go now, but some earlier apprehension held me back. The word 'Hangman' rang in my head constantly as Isabelle spoke.
 "Why is the mountain called 'Hangman's Mountain' anyway?" I asked abruptly, breaking her off from whatever she was blabbering about.
 "Legend has it that a man was killed by mysterious beings and was hanged. They left immediately after, but the story goes that the man never actually died. They say that to this day, he remains hanging there, limply. Moving and choking, still between life and death." 
 I grimaced. "Eww! Gross Isabelle!" I exclaimed. 
 "You asked. Besides, it's just a legend! It's not real!" Isabelle waved my concern aside with a flick of her wrist. "Once you're hanged, you're dead. There is no 'between life', Nova."
  I shuddered. "Still. Can you imagine that poor guy? Writhing and moaning while between life and death? Eyes empty and tongue bleeding red? His retched gasps and—!"
 "Ugh! Nova, stop!" Isabelle shrieked quietly.
  I snickered. "What? It's true! Have you never read Night before? That's how he describes the hanged man!" I defended, still snickering. 
Isabelle’s shoulders rose and fell, an indication that she didn’t really care. "In all seriousness though, that is how Hangman's Mountain got its name. I doubt it's true, but then again, shit gets real all the time." She shrugged. "Life's a prick, you know?"
 "Tell me about it." I sighed wearily. I copied the last problem and answer down on my notebook and raised my hand. Our teacher hardly gave a glance at our work and simply waved me aside, telling me I had the rest of the period free. 
The rest of a period. 
Last period. 
On a Friday! 
 I looked at Isabelle just as she was being told the same thing. She swirled on her seat to face me, flashing me a thumbs up. I couldn't help but giggle, our class' tempo slowly rising with each hand that went up.
 "So, are you gonna ask your parents?" She asked. 
 "Maybe." I decided. "I'm still deciding myself."
 "If you chose to go, we can share a tent! It'll be so cool!" Isabelle squealed.
  I laughed with an amused sigh laced in. Isabelle was one of a kind, one of the reasons she was my best friend.
 "Do you think Christopher will come?" I asked playfully. 
 Isabelle blushed. "I hope so. If he does, maybe I can convince him to share a tent with me."
 "Hey! I thought we were sharing!" I mocked indigence and Isabelle giggled.
 "If you don't come, then I'll ask him." She rephrased. 
 I smiled, but it was forced. "Are you sure? Christopher doesn't exactly...talk to any of us." I drawled.
 "So, he's an introvert. Big deal? He's still cute." Isabelle sighed dreamily.
  I glanced at the back of the room, where Christopher's desk was. He had his head bent and was scribbling on a sheet of paper. Reaching to get a notebook from under his desk, he glanced up suddenly and our eyes locked. I waved at him, and he just glared at me, looking back down at his paper.
 "Yeah...totally cute," I said, eyes wide in disbelief. 
 Isabelle shook her head. "Okay, then what about Adrian? He's cute, isn't he?" 
 "Adrian? As in, Adrian Wolfson?" I asked. Isabelle nodded, and a fierce blush covered my brown cheeks.
 "Uh...he is, I guess." I stuttered. 
 Isabelle's eyes narrowed playfully. "So...do you like him?" She droned. I debated lying to her, but I knew it'd be useless. Isabelle was like a serpent. They were quiet, but because they were quiet, they were able to collect a butt-load of information.
 "I... Yes. I do like him." I admitted. 
 Isabelle began to laugh. "I knew it!"
 "How?"
 "You're always looking at him and—!"
 "Well, what's not to look at?" I asked. "He's handsome. He's fit. He's every girl's dream guy!" 
 Isabelle shrugged. "Most girls, really. But still." She set about placing her books on her desk. I glanced at the clock, astonished at how quickly time had flown by. "You know, he's going to the camping trip, right?"
 "He is?" I asked, now very interested in going.
  Isabelle bemusedly chuckled. "Yes, Nova. He was the first one to sign up, probably because he was born and raised in Maine, which is notorious for its woods."
 "I think I might go now..." I thought out loud. "I mean, it'd give me an opportunity to get to know Adrian better and maybe woo him." 
 "I was thinking the same thing for Christopher!" Isabelle said. 
  I opened my mouth to continue, but someone else beat me to it.
 "Hi, Nova."
 "Gah!" I yelped, almost leaping out of my seat. A deep, masculine chuckle rose above me and I froze. I looked up, dying on the inside, at the amused green eyes of Adrian Wolfson.
 "You okay, Nova? I didn't mean to scare you." Adrian asked, blushing. He scratched the back of his head, swishing his black hair. I had to break my gaze away from him to reply in a proper sentence. 
 "I-I'm fine. You didn't scare me, just startled me." I said. 
 Adrian sighed. "That's good. I wouldn't want to frighten you." He looked at the empty seat behind Isabelle. "Do you mind if I sit there and join you?"
 "Not at all," Isabelle answered before I could, gesturing to the seat behind her.
  I scowled. "To the next blind person, it looks like you have a crush on Adrian." I hissed. 
 Isabelle rolled her eyes. "Relax, Nova. I'm only helping you guys get comfy." She said, winking. 
 I grunted but didn't stay moody for long once Adrian had sat.
 "You guys talking about the camping trip?" He asked. 
 "Yeah. Trying to convince Nova to come." Isabelle said. 
 Adrian's eyebrows shot up, surprised. "You don't want to go to Hangman's Mountain? Is it because of that stupid myth?" He asked. 
 I squirmed in my seat. "Not really." I lied. "Mostly the camping itself."
 "You've never gone?"
 "No. I've only heard about the bugs and maggots." I recoiled in disgust, causing Adrian to chuckle.
 "It's actually pretty fun when you get the hang of it. I used to go camping all the time with—!" He paused, a flash of pain skimming his handsome features for only a moment before he coughed.
  I frowned. "You okay?" I asked. 
 Adrian nodded. "Yes. Just a... tickle in my throat." He said forcefully. "Anyway, yeah, it's pretty fun. It'd be awesome if you came!" 
 "You...want me to come?" I asked, pinching myself behind my back. 
 Adrian chuckled nervously. "I mean...yeah? I'd love it if you came." He said, fumbling briefly for his words. I couldn't help the goofy smile on my face.
 "I'd have to ask my parents," I murmured. "But I'll try to come." 
  Isabelle squealed and Adrian smiled, getting up just as the bell rang.
 "Well then, I hope to see you there."

~*~

"Mom! Mom! I'm home!" I yelled, slamming the door shut behind me. I walked into the kitchen slowly, petting Zinc on the way. She yawned, stretching lazily on the counter, and purring for more scratches. Her white fur gleamed in the summer sun and her eyes drooped shut again, ready for her tenth nap that day.
 "Home already, Nova?" Garret, my older brother, waltzed into the kitchen. He kissed my forehead and grabbed a cup as he did. He had his shirt off, revealing muscles he'd supposedly worked hard for. His jeans slacked against the tiled floor, collecting the stray dirt that Mom missed.
"Yeah. Is Mom home?"
 "Which one?"
 "Any of them!"
  Garret laughed. "Yeah. Yeah, they're home." 
 As if on cue, our Mom's tumbled down the stairs together, pulling their clothes on as they did so.
 "Nova! Sweetie, you're here already!" Our real mother, Evelyn, exclaimed. She kissed me on the cheek.
 "And I'd bet you came home ten minutes ago, huh, Garret?" Camilla, our stepmother, teased. Garret flushed.
 "Yeah. It's fucking hot outside!" He said dramatically. 
 Mom glared at him, cocking her hip to the side. "Garret..." She warned. 
 Camilla laughed and kissed my mother placatingly on her cheek.
 "He's an adult now, Evelyn." She crooned. "He's allowed to speak as he wishes." 
 Mom practically melted in Camilla's arms.
 "I suppose..." She said. Garret puffed up, as did his ego. "As long as he remains respectful." 
 And there goes his ego. Garret deflated, and I cackled.
 "Serves you right," I said gleefully. 
 Camilla shook her head. "How was your day, Nova?" She asked. 
 "Not as good as yours, huh?" I teased. 
 Mom blushed. "Nova!" She yelped. Camilla kissed her cheek again.
 "They're old enough to know these things, babe." She said. "It's nothing to be embarrassed about." 
 Mom sighed in defeat. "I know. I just can't help but see my small babies whenever I look at you two."
  I smiled. "We'll always be your babies Mom." I jabbed Garret in the gut. "Right?" 
 Garret coughed sharply, nodding with me. "Y-Yeah. We will." He said while glaring at me. Mom smiled knowingly.
 "I'm glad." She said.
 I looked a lot like my mother. Same dark brown hair and thick eyebrows. The only thing I got from my dad was my eyes. Dark blue eyes, a contrast to my brown skin and dark hair. I winced just thinking about him.
 "Uh, Mom, can I ask you something?" I asked. Both Camilla and my Mom looked at me, as did Garret. I refrained from rolling my eyes and my nosy brother's antics.
 "What's up?" Camilla asked. 
 "There's a school trip coming up...a week's camping at Hangman's Mountain. Can I go?" I asked. 
 "Hangman's Mountain? That horrible place? No, absolutely not." Mom said firmly. 
 I deflated, and Garret noticed.
 "Why not, Mom? Nova's old enough, and she's responsible enough to be on her own." He countered. 
 "Yes, why not, Evelyn? Nova will have time to make new friends and socialize some more. This camping trip can also teach her how to be responsible." Camilla added. 
 Mom began to tremble, her mood changing drastically. She shook and her lip quivered as she spoke. "No! I can't! I won't let you go! I can't lose you either!" 
 I didn't get time to ask what she meant, for she was already running out of the room, Camilla at her heels. After they were gone, Garret and I only looked at each other silently. He asked to see my permission slip, and I handed it to him wordlessly.
 "Wonder why Mom's so set against you going. It seems pretty safe." Garret commented, his dark grey eyes still scrolling the page. "Camping to Hangman's Mountain...groups of four...one director per group...yeah, this seems pretty safe."
  I shrugged. "Maybe it has something to do with Dad," I said quietly.
  Garret hummed, his dewy eyes remaining with force on the page. "Maybe...but I highly doubt it." He said hurriedly as if he was trying to dismiss that thought from our minds. 
  I nodded with him, but I knew we both didn't believe it. We were only saying that to make ourselves feel better. 
 "Are your friends going?" Garret asked. He gave me some jello and tangerine to eat, which I graciously accepted. Most teenagers complained about their siblings, but I loved mine with all my heart, even if he was a prick in my side half the time.
 "Yeah. I know Isabelle is. And... Adrian." I blushed, and Garret noticed.
  He smiled. "You like this guy? Adrian?" He asked.
  I nodded cautiously. "Yeah. He's a really nice guy, Garret." 
 Garret laughed. "Never said he wasn't. I know his brother. We go to the same college." He said. "I'm happy for you sis, really." 
  I sighed. "But he doesn't know that," I said. 
 "So? If we can get you on this camping trip, then maybe you'll be able to ignite a spark with him!" Garret mentioned.
 "I wonder why she's so dead set against me going! I'm not a bad kid, am I?" I asked.
  Garret immediately shook his head. "No. I'm the fucked up one in this family." He said jokingly. 
 I raised my eyebrow. "Seriously?" 
 Garret chuckled. "Yeah. You're the good kid here, Nova. Don't question that. Besides, I'm sure Camilla can convince Mom to let you go." He said.
  I shrugged hopelessly. "Let's hope so."
~*~
It was late in the night when Mom came back downstairs again. Garret and I were sitting at the kitchen table, talking about his new girlfriend. I had peeled my light jacket off by then, having no qualms about sitting in my sports bra in front of my brother. I was too hot to care anyway. We knew Mom had come when the lights in the darkroom flickered on.
 "Oh, good. You're both still here." Mom said, sighing with relief. Camilla was nowhere near her, or even behind her, so that meant that Mom had wanted to talk about something serious.
 "Yeah. What's up, Mom? Aren't you hot?" Garret asked. Mom smiled, shaking her head.
 "No. I had a chance to cool down already." She said. She picked the hairs off my discarded shirt, fanning herself with her hand.
 "When they said 2020 was going to be a special year, they could've specified it heat-wise," I grumbled. 
 Mom chuckled. "You have the same attitude as your father, Nova. Always the jouster. Always the comedian of the family." She sighed sadly. "Listen, my behavior towards both of you was irrational and crude. I never should've yelled at you like that, Nova, and I apologize." 
 "You don't have to apologize, Mom. It's okay." I said. 
 Mom waved me aside. "No, no. I do. Do you have a pen and your permission slip, Nova?" 
 My heart leaped and began to beat rapidly with excitement. Garret smiled and handed me my slip, which I eagerly have my mom. She skimmed over the paper, her eyes faltering for only a moment before she flattened the slip on the granite table and signed her name. She handed me the paper.
 "Here you go. Stay safe, okay?" I was barely listening to her, though, nodding and holding the paper as if it was a diamond. "Are you listening to me, Nova?"
 "Huh?" I asked. 
 Mom rolled her eyes fondly. "Stay away from the inner woods, okay? If you see a church, run, hear me? I—You know what happened to your father." 
She snapped her hands in front of my face and I waved her away as if it was an irritating fly.
 "Got it, Mom. Stay away from inner woods. Run if you see a church. Got it!" I smiled with glee, stuffing the paper into my backpack. Garret was smiling, but Mom still looked apprehensive. I smiled reassuringly at her.
 "I'll be fine, Mom. How dangerous can some silly camping trip be?"

Chapter 2
 "Purple or red?"
“For what?”
“Just pick a color!”
"Mmm... Neither."
"Nova!"
"What?"
"Purple or red?!"
"Fine!" I threw my book in irritation on the bed and glared at Isabelle. 
 She raised her eyebrow indifferently at me, still holding up the two dresses my aunt gave me. Two hideous dresses that I threw in the back of my closet in hopes that nobody would ever find them. Clearly, this was why I was the first one always out in hide-and-seek.
"Do I need a dress? It's camping! We'll be hiking and all that other shit. I don't need a dress to hike!" I squeaked. 
 Isabelle shrugged. "There's a dance at the end of the week and you need to look your best." She said.
"But why? Who do I have to impress?" I asked. 
 Isabelle hummed, throwing my red dress into my suitcase. It was really Camilla's suitcase, but she let me borrow it since it was small.
"Adrian, of course." She replied. 
 I wrinkled my nose. "If I want to impress Adrian, I want to do it my way. I don't want him to fall for a girl I'm not." I said. I got off the bed and went into my closet, throwing a couple of shirts behind me.
"Well, that's true." Isabelle agreed. "But you also have to at least try to look good!"
"I don't understand your logic, but I'll agree to it just to get you to shut up and help me," I said. I smirked, and Isabelle scowled.
"Gee, thanks, Nova." 
 I laughed. "I'm just kidding, Isabelle. What did you pack?"
"Shirts. Tank-tops. Shorts. Oh! I have these really cool fishnet shorts I wanted to show you." Distracted from her earlier bitterness, Isabelle dove into her suitcase laying by mine, fishing through it until she came up with a pair of jean shorts. Sewn into the shorts were fishnet leggings, something that definitely wasn't there when she bought them.
"Did you sew that on?" I asked.
"No. My sister did." She said. "I'm hoping to impress Christopher with them."
"I don't think Christopher's attracted to that type of clothing..." I said cautiously.
"So? Even if he isn't, I still like them." Isabelle said firmly.
  I chuckled. "Is it even appropriate for a school trip?" I asked.
"It should be. I'm not revealing anything too drastic." She replied. She folded her shorts and put them back in her bag. 
 I knelt on the carpet floor of my room, grabbing a stack of folded underwear. I put them in my bag with a couple of my bras. I folded my t-shirts and placed them atop a pair of shorts, labeling the day I would wear a certain outfit with a sticky-note.
"What are you wearing tomorrow?" Isabelle asked. 
 I looked up from my suitcase. "What?"
"What are you wearing tomorrow? On the bus?" She repeated.
"Oh. I'm wearing these." I held up my clothes that Mom had picked out. It was a heart shirt with the shoulders cut off and a pair of jean shorts with grey leggings sewn at the ends.
 Isabelle squealed. "Your shorts are just like mine!" She said in excitement, her grey eyes dancing. 
 I rolled my eyes. "My shorts are not like yours, because mine are less revealing than yours," I said.
"So? Did you sow the leggings?"
"No... I bought the shorts with the leggings." I droned suspiciously, glancing back at my friend. Isabelle stared at my shorts as if I had just shown her a chest full of gold.
"Where did you get them?" She demanded. 
 I looked slowly back at my shorts. "Uh...Walmart? They were having a sale..." 
 Isabelle hummed thoughtfully. "I have to go to Walmart now." She mumbled. 
 I snorted. "I'm not sure they have any left, Isabelle. As I said, there was a sale going on. There's a high chance that almost everything is gone by now." 
 Isabelle pouted. "Then you could've gotten one for your best friend, Nova!" She whined. 
 I rolled my eyes fondly. "Yeah. I didn't even know those types of shorts were your type!"
"They just became my type, ever since SaRaH made it a thing."
"Who the hell is that?"
"Popular EDM artist," Isabelle replied shortly. 
 I shrugged. "Never heard of her," I said. "But on the bright side, we're almost done packing."
"You are?" Camilla poked her sweaty head through the door, glancing at the both of us. Her graying hair stuck to her forehead and she peered at us with tired, yet wild eyes.
"Yeah. We just have to get our bathroom things." I said. 
 Camilla nodded. "Your Mama already packed it in the blue carry-bag on the counter-top. Isabelle, your mother was asking if you were staying the night." She said. 
 Isabelle looked at me. "Uh, if it's okay with you Mrs. Bellthorne. I don't want to overstay my welcome." She replied. 
 Camilla waved her hand in the air. "It is of no issue. You are Nova's friend after all. You're always welcome here." She stated firmly. 
 I looked hopefully at Isabelle, and she sighed fondly. "Sure. I'd love to." She said. 
 I jumped up and hugged her while Camilla smiled.
"Okay. I'll tell your Mama. Dinners at eight!" She left my room, and I released Isabelle from my grasp.
"This is going to be so fun!" We both squealed simultaneously. 
 Isabelle giggled. "We can walk to school together tomorrow!" She said.
  I smiled. "Yeah, but first let's set up a bedroll for you to sleep in." 
 Isabelle pouted. "I can't sleep with you? Or is that reserved for Adrian?" She teased. 
 I stuck my tongue childishly at her. "Shut up and help me," I ordered playfully, dragging the pink roll from my closet. Isabelle giggled and picked one side of the roll-up.
"You didn't deny it though." 
 I froze, almost dropping my side of the roll in the process. Isabelle began to laugh, and I dropped the roll with a deadpan expression.
"Actually, you can set the bedroll up," I said, turning around with a smile. 
 Isabelle spluttered in indignation. "Nova! Nova get your ass back here right now!"

~*~

 The next day, after a night of good sleep, Isabelle and I began to make our way to the high school, chattering amicably between ourselves. Our town was so small you could see the end of it from the general store. It was also a big tourist attraction, thanks to the aforementioned Hangman's Mountain. The large, looming mountain leaned over our small town, and I always wondered if it'd ever fall on us. Maybe then the myth of the man would be proven wrong.
 Our town was relatively small, resembling the dumps of California. It reminded me more of a ghost town, especially at night. A long, paved road ran along the middle of the town, shops, and houses on either side of said road. The school was a few miles south of the town, which forced us to take the bus every day.
The hot summer heat of mid-July pounded on Isabelle and me as we walked, sweat trickling in slow rivers down our necks. I had tied my brown hair up in a ponytail, while Isabelle's blonde hair was too short to tie. I regretted wearing long-sleeves, but I thought the shirt was cute, so I'd deal with it.
"How much farther to the bus stop?" Isabelle complained, gasping for breath. Summers were the worst in East Avery, especially because the sun would blatantly refuse to have mercy on us. I took a big breath, clutching my suitcase handle tightly.
"We're not going to school, Isabelle," I said, irritated from the blazing heat. Blood pounded in my head, giving me a massive headache, but I managed to reply to her, saying, "We have to go to our regular bus stop."
"What? Since when?" Isabelle swatted a fly sucking the blood from her cheek.
"Since the day they handed the permission slips out," I said, dragging my sentence. My hand was itching to chug down the water Mom had given me, but I restrained myself. My vision was beginning to blur, and as we passed the shops, the smell of charred meat wafted to my nose. I sighed.
"If you were in a desert, and the only meat you could eat was human meat, would you risk becoming a cannibal to quench your hunger?" I asked. 
 Isabelle groaned. "I wouldn't fucking care. If I'm hungry, I'm damn right going to rip that meat apart and eat it." She said.
  I chuckled. "What if it was raw?" I asked. 
 Isabelle shrugged. "As I said, I don't give a damn. I'm eating that piece of shit, even if I have to kill that person to do it. I'm living, I don't care."
"That's gross." 
 Isabelle shrieked, jumping up and turning around. I laughed and Christopher looked between the both of us, an unimpressed expression on his face. His turquoise eyes barely glanced at Isabelle, and he pushed his grey glasses up his nose.
"What?" He asked. He hoisted his backpack onto his shoulder and pulled a baseball cap above his dark green hair. 
 I shrugged. "Nothing. Just talking random stuff." I did a one-over on him. "When did you get here?"
"Five seconds ago. Adrian was at the last light." He said shortly. He pulled his phone out of his pocket. "I also saw the others by Brookberry General Store. They were stocking up on protection."
"Protection from sex? Or from the bugs?" Isabelle asked, giggling girlishly. Christopher looked at her for a long moment, slowly stepping back.
"I don't know." He said. "And quite frankly, I could care less about their midnight endeavors."
  Isabelle looked hurt, and before my temper could flare, Adrian came running up to us, just as sweaty. His shirt clung to his body, and I tried very hard to ignore the contours visible from his days chopping wood. He smiled at me.
"Hey, Nova. How are you?" He asked.
"Uh...I'm good. How are you? Ready for this trip?" I asked. 
 He nodded, moving to stand by me. "Yeah. I've been waiting for this trip ever since it was announced."
"You used to live in the wild, right?"
"Yeah. I was born in Maine, and I used to help my father whenever he would go into the forests." Adrian puffed his chest up with pride. "I'm totally ready for this trip."
  I giggled. "I'm a bit nervous," I admitted. 
 Adrian shrugged. "Most are. It's nothing to be worried about, though. The tale they tell is just a myth. Besides, there are cabins, not tents. We'll be safe." He assured.
  I smiled. "That's true." I shuffled on my spot, twirling my suitcase. 
 Adrian noticed. "Do you want me to hold your bag?" He asked. 
 I shook my head. "Nah. I'm gonna make it a backpack anyway," I said. 
 Adrian's eyebrows rose in surprise. "What? How?" He asked, intrigued. 
 I smirked, then pushed the handle to my suitcase down. I lifted the straps hidden under the zipper flaps and hoisted the bag onto my back, like a knapsack. 
 Adrian whistled. "Nice." He hummed. He reached out, toying with the key-chain that resembled Native American jewelry.
"This is beautifully carved. Fresh oak and pine, along with crow and bald eagle feathers...who made it?" He asked.
"I don't know," I answered just as the bus chugged to a stop, smoke-spewing everywhere. "My Mom gave it to me on my thirteenth birthday." 
 Adrien whistled again. "Well whoever made this was an incredible craftsman." He said.
  I smiled and waited for our teacher to speak as the doors opened.
"Pair up in groups of four. You'll be sharing cabins with those groups." She ordered bluntly, wiping her brow. I scowled. She could have told us to group together before the trip. Not only that, but she'd been standing in the small shade of a shop this whole time! She's not the one who walked here from their house which was five miles away!
Isabelle immediately grabbed my hand, smiling her large, toothy smile at me.
"Groupies?" She asked. 
 I scoffed with an affectionate roll of my eyes. "Sure," I said, smiling.
  Adrian joined us, with Christopher at his heels. "Mind if we join you, ladies?" He asked with a wink. Christopher grumbled something underneath his breath, and I nodded rapidly.
"O-Of course! We'd love that!" I said. I tugged Isabelle's hand, but she was staring intently at Christopher, who was obviously avoiding eye-contact with her. 
 Adrian laughed. "Cool!" He said, scratching the back of his head. "I...to be honest, I actually wanted to get to know you more. We're in all the same classes, but we barely talk to each other, so I was wondering..."
  I nodded before he could finish. "No! I mean, I'd love that! I was wondering the same thing, honestly." I said with an awkward chuckle. Our teacher asked us our group, and when we pointed at each other, she sighed and crowded us into the bus.
"Second row, two per seat." She ordered bluntly, scribbling our group on her clipboard. The bus driver tipped his hat at us, but otherwise continued his game of Candy Crush. 
 Isabelle squealed. "Mind if I sit next to you, Christopher?" She asked, overly sweet.
  Christopher wrinkled his nose. "...Sure." He said after a couple of moments. He slid daintily next to Isabelle on the seat, as if he didn't want to touch her.
 I frowned but scooted closer to the window in my seat so Adrian could sit. He looked at the bag by my feet.
"Do you want me to put that up for you?" He asked. 
 I looked at my backpack. "If you don't mind..." 
 Adrian shook his head. "No! Of course not!" He said.
  I set my phone on the railing and handed Adrian my backpack, observing the flex of his muscles as he put my bag up. He slid next to me on the ripped bus seat and was about to say something, but a piercing shrill cut him off. I frowned, but Adrian groaned as if he knew the owner of said shrill.
"Dri-Dri!"
  I flinched, peering above the seat in front of me to see who exactly Adrian was dreading to talk to. My eyes were met with a dark redhead with freckles and green eyes. They weren't like Adrian's though. They were sharp and predatory, claiming whatever was theirs with just one fierce look.
"Why are you sitting next to the nerds?" She asked haughtily.
  I didn't recognize her, which meant that she must've been in another class.
"Knock it off, Cassidy. She's my friend." Adrian said firmly. 
 Cassidy laughed. "Right... I know you better than that Dri-Dri!" She said, though there was an unspoken fury hidden beneath her tongue. 
 Adrian rolled his eyes. "Just shut up and go sit down." He said. Cassidy pouted but did listen to him, taking the seat adjacent to ours. 
 I sighed. "Don't listen to Cassidy. She's just upset we weren't put in the same class." Adrian consoled. 
 I laughed weakly. "A good friend, I'd gather?" I teased.
  Adrian smiled. "You could say that. Our parents are friends, which is how we know each other. Though, I don't reciprocate her feelings." He said as if hoping to diminish that thought from my mind.
  I shrugged. "Okay," I said. Inside though, my heartbeat steadied at the affirmation that Adrian didn't like Cassidy. I relaxed in my seat as the last of the students filtered onto the bus, grumbling, and sweating. Once our teacher had settled onto the bus, the vehicle sputtered and jumped for a couple of moments, jostling us, until finally, we began to go, the small town of East Avery soon disappearing behind us.
I turned to Adrian, leaning in to whisper, "How long is the trip?" 
 He turned with a hum. "I think we'll reach there by evening. So, since it's almost two, we should be there by seven or eight." He said as the noise on the bus began to rise. In the next seat, Christopher and Isabelle both groaned.
"Are you serious?" Isabelle whined. "That's so long!"
  I snorted. "Then read a book. Take a nap. Find a way to entertain yourself." I said. Adrian didn't comment, but I'm sure I saw his lips curve as if he was refraining from smiling. 
 Isabelle huffed. "Party pooper." She mumbled.
"What are you going to be doing?" Christopher mumbled. When Adrian didn't answer, I realized that the question was directed towards me.
"Oh! Uh...I'm kind of tired from the walk to the bus stop. I might just...take a nap." I said. I tucked my phone into my pocket and leaned against the window, staring at the blur of cars and trees passing by. Adrian coughed.
"If you'd like to," He began "You can rest on me. I won't mind it." 
 I smiled, all the while my heart-melting. "It's alright," I said. Adrian looked skeptical, so I added a laugh to my words. "Seriously, Adrian, I'm fine!"
  He sighed. "Okay, but before you nap, can I know a little about you?" 
 I sat up. "Okay. What do you want to know?"
"What's your favorite color?"
"White. Yours."
"Blue. Favorite movie?"
"Croods. You?"
"Walking Dead." He giggled, and I rolled my eyes.
"Oh, of course," I mumbled. "Favorite book?"
"Night. Yours?"
"Dark Lover. Anything else?"
"Hm... if you could have the power to do anything of your choosing, what would you do?" Adrian asked. 
 I opened my mouth to reply, then paused. What would I do? What did I want? World domination? Riches? End world hunger? A wave of sadness crashed into me, and I knew what I wanted to do.
"If I had the power to do anything of my choosing, I'd probably wish to be happy," I replied honestly. 
 Adrian's eyebrows shot up. "Really? You're not happy right now?" He asked. 
 I shrugged, trying to look indifferent. "I am... a little. I—" I sighed. "I just wish my Dad was here." 
 Adrian sucked his teeth. "Shit, I'm really sorry." He said. I waved it aside.
"It's okay." I choked swallowing. "It was a long time ago, and I don't want to talk about it." 
 Adrian nodded. "Of course. Anything you want to know about me?" He asked, trying to cheer me up. 
 I grinned. "What's your family like, if you don't mind my asking. Are they all as lively as you are?" 
 Adrian chuckled. "Mostly, they are. I have three older brothers, all of who work in construction. My dad works in a bank and my mom's a nurse. We moved to East Avery after there was a landslide in the forest, we used to live in." He explained. 
 I nodded while gazing out the window. We passed by acres of farms, once in a while coming across a rickety shop selling fishing gear or food.
"I didn't know it was this lively on Hangman's Mountain." I gaped. 
 Adrian chuckled again. "Yep. These guys aren't afraid of some shitty legend." He joked. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, right. Unless they sleep with their blankies tucked under their chins at night." I said. 
 Adrian laughed. "Maybe. But I still don't believe that myth. It was probably just some teens fucking around drunk." 
 I leaned on my window, sleep beginning to envelop me. It didn't help that the bus droned and buzzed like white music, the steady sway bringing sleep over my eyes. I vaguely felt a soft cushion being placed under my cheek as I began to lose consciousness, the only thing left in my vision the graveyard we had been passing before I knocked out.

~*~

"Nova? Wake up, Nova!" Adrian shook me gently, cooing in my ear. 
 I grunted, stirring from my sleep. Night crawled into the bus as we passed a wooden sign that had spray paint all over it. My head lifted from my cushion, which I now realized to be Adrian's shoulder! Before I could open my mouth to speak, Adrian beat me to it.
"I was the one who put your head there so that you wouldn't get dizzy or bump it on the rail, so please don't apologize." 
 My mouth stayed open for a few moments, but finally, I smiled shyly and nodded.
"Thank you." I yawned. "How much longer?"
"We'll be there in like, two minutes. We just passed the camping spot sign." Isabelle whispered from her spot opposite us. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Cassidy glaring daggers at me. She'd probably witnessed me sleeping on Adrian, not that I cared, to be honest.
I averted my eyes, glancing outside instead. The glow of phones illuminated small circles in each row, and I pinched my eyes, choosing to look outside instead.
"What time is it?" I murmured. 
 Adrian stirred. "It's almost nine," He mumbled.
  I looked at him, and he had tired bags under his eyes. Sweat beaded on his neck too, which made sense because it was pretty hot on the bus.
The bus suddenly jolted, and with a sharp squeal of tires and wheeze of opening doors, we were being led quickly out of the bus and into the humid air of Hangman's Mountain. The place smelled of fresh pine and cedar, along with an oddly refreshing scent of the river. Funnily enough, the smell of the charred meat from East Avery wafted to my nose, but I brushed it aside, muttering to myself that it was probably the counselor's dinner.
We were led to the river where a bonfire was in the making. A few feet away, on a grassy field were cabins in a semi-circle, each labeled with an animal. We all took a stump to sit on, and yawns and moans of protest circled our large group, especially after the bonfire was started.
"If you ask me, I think it's stupid to make a bonfire in this heat," Isabelle whispered to me. Adrian chuckled in a yawn, but Christopher, who had his nose in a tiny survival book, scowled.
"Well the, nobody ask," He snapped.
"Dude, relax. It's night." Adrian said. 
 Christopher rolled his eyes. "I have eyes, Adrian. I know it's night." 
 Adrian sighed. "I'm sorry on behalf of Chris's behavior. He's just moody that his Dad made him come. He would rather be at home reading." Adrian and I snickered, and even Isabelle smiled. Christopher huffed.
"Good evening, students!" A large, potbellied man with a microphone stood on a large stump by the burning bonfire, addressing us all loudly. I winced. I didn't like hearing loud noises right after I woke up. They always hurt my ears.
With some prompting from our teacher, we all muttered a 'Good evening' back to the obviously overly excited man. How someone could be this happy this late, I'd never understood.
He went over our schedule for tomorrow: Breakfast; hiking; arts &crafts; rest period; lunch; free time; swimming; dinner; bed. I groaned, half paying attention to what he was saying, and half eyeing the cabins, which is pretty much what everyone else was looking at too. The man, who mentioned his name was Brendan, droned on for another half hour about how much fun this camping experience would be, and I only began to pay attention once we were given our cabins.
"Nova Bellthorne, Adrian Wolfson, Isabelle Cayde, and Christopher Berry-White; Cabin Wolf," Brendan announced. 
 Sighing with relief, I hoisted my backpack and began to make my way to the cabin, my group following behind me. I was glad to be first too; That way, I wouldn't have to listen to Cassidy's whining, which I'm pretty sure she was doing right now.
 Brendan had given me the keys to Cabin Wolf, and once I'd unlocked the door, the first thing I did was run to the bathroom, only pausing to drop the keys onto the desk by the door. I hastened to get to bed, brushing my teeth in record time and bathing so quickly I barely felt the hot water soak into my body. I slipped a pair of shorts and a tank-top over my skinny frame and exited the smoky wooden bathroom with a sigh.
Adrian, who had been idly scanning the room, paused once I'd exited. I watched the way his eyes ran shamelessly over me, his mouth agape. 
 I blushed and smirked. "See something you like?" I asked playfully. What I wasn't expecting was his reply.
  He winked at me, grabbing his clothes from the same wooden desk by the door, saying, "Hell yeah, I do." He closed the door, leaving me there in shock. Oh, how quickly the tables had turned.
I walked in a daze to the two beds laying on a wall. They were covered in a dark red duvet, queen-sized. A table separated the beds from touching. Opposite the bed closest to the door was another, larger desk and a T.V. By the door, there were an air-conditioner and a coffee table. Two chairs were pushed underneath said table, both dark green.
 I collapsed on the bed closest to the bathroom. Isabelle had laid on the next bed, Christopher still reading quietly next to her. I don't think he cared by now where she was.
 Adrian exited the bathroom, and with a groan, Isabelle went in next. I didn't hear the shower turn on because she'd already showered this morning, knowing Isabelle. She was out just as quickly as she was in, flopping back in a sweat-covered spot on the opposite bed. Christopher went and came without a word, settling into the bed as far away as he could from Isabelle. It was only when the light on his side flickered shut that Adrian and I realized that we were sharing a bed.
"Well...we can make a pillow wall if you're uncomfortable." Adrian offered.
  I shook my head. "Nah, I'm good." I kicked the covers off my side of the bed, but Adrian pulled the light blanket over us.
"Hey! It's fucking hot!" I exclaimed. 
 Adrian chuckled, switching our lamp off. "Believe me, Nova. I just turned the AC on high, it's gonna get chilly." He said. 
 I sighed, snuggling into the bed. The trees creaked and moaned outside, the wind howling and scratching the door. Try as I might, I couldn't sleep, tossing and turning until I had finally tired myself out. I succumbed to the darkness that enveloped me, the claws of a tree gnawing at my face my final memory before I lost consciousness.






Chapter 3
 The next day droned by slower than the race between the tortoise and the hare, and I found myself wishing I hadn't agreed to come on this trip after all.
Even Isabelle agreed with me, and she rarely admitted that she was wrong!
Our first activity was hiking. At 10 am in the morning. When all the animals were waking up to get started on sucking fresh human blood. I'd lost track of how many maggots and mosquitoes I'd crushed until Adrian offered me some of his bug-spray since in my rush to keep pace with my group, I'd forgotten to pack some.  
 It didn't help very much.
 When I was little, Garret used to joke that I had sweet blood, which was why all the mosquitoes were attracted to me. I had slapped him for that, but I still remained cautious about eating sweets after. I guess Mom was happy about that, though.
 We hiked up to a large rock eerily shaped like a medieval hit-man. My phone had low service bars, but once I held it up to the power lines swinging over the villages underneath us, I was able to snap a few pictures of the hooded man-shaped rock.
We didn't go further, as the inner woods my mom had warned me about lurked past the rock. True to her words, stone steps perfectly chiseled climbed into the darkest parts of the mountain. Before any of us could ask a stupidly good question, our group leader, Robyn, led us back down to the campsite, a shadow of doubt suddenly passing over her face when she noticed how close to the inner forests we'd gotten to.
 Our next activity was arts & crafts, which roused complaints from many of the young adults, including Christopher and Isabelle. Quite frankly, I didn't mind doing crafts. Adrian didn't complain about it either. We were each given a block of wood and told to make something out of it.
 Adrian had an unfair advantage as his father used to be a wood craftsman and was actually very good at it. He easily carved a beautiful copy of the Eiffel Tower, little intricate designs on the metal bars, and even a little elevator.
  I, on the other hand, just barely managed to make a bird, which was the easiest animal to create in the guide book. At one point I had skimmed the carving knife over my finger and left to get a bandage for it. When I returned, the wing I was having trouble with was completed and looking much more beautiful than the other one I had made. I almost immediately looked to Adrian, but he was already carving something else, whistling a jaunty tune as he did so, the perfect mask of indifference.
 During the rest period, which lasted an hour, I'd bet everyone was wishing they hadn't complained during arts and crafts. Our stomachs were rumbling from lack of food, and the channels were filled with only shitty wildlife shows. Adrian had flipped through almost all of them, and nothing but wildlife preserves played, their fake smiles as they kindly fed the animals sending irritating shivers down my spine.
 We all laid on our beds during that period, sometimes getting up to add an extra bar to our internet service. Even Christopher, who had easily finished all his books on the bus yesterday, lay bored on the bed next to Isabelle, fighting with her for the remote. Adrian was taking a nap, and I was just about ready to do the same until the lunch bell rang, to which we all crammed and pushed through the door to make it first to the Big House.
 The Big House was a nickname Adrian had given it. It was actually a square, perfectly shaped house separating the predator cabins from the prey, aka, the eighteen-year-olds from the middle schoolers.
 It was bigger than the cabins, probably to house all the counselors they had there. We were seated at Robyn's table, which, apart from us, had only Robyn sitting there. She sat at the far end of the table, laughing and teasing with Antonio, the Bear Cabin counselor.
 The food they served us for lunch was cold chicken and half-cooked hash-browns. The chicken wasn't cooked very well either. I could still see the blood that wasn't washed properly when I cut a slice.
 The cafeteria was roaring with voices, either from the counselors who were only a year or two older than us, or from the students there. Cassidy sat at the Bald Eagle table, still glaring at me. Adrian, at one point, noticed, and with a roll of his eyes, he nudged me, smiling. His arm wrapped secretly around my shoulders, and I didn't even notice until Isabelle pointed it out to me with a giggle.
 Christopher hardly touched his lunch. He sat adjacent to us with his nose once again trapped in a book. I couldn't tell what he was reading from where I sat, but Isabelle could. I caught her peering over his shoulder a couple of times, giggling silently at the text. Christopher was so invested in reading, that he hardly noticed Isabelle until Robyn told him to eat more. It was when he turned to set his book down did he realize how close he and Isabelle had become. A blush, a couple of stutters, and a scowl later, Isabelle and Christopher were sitting on either side of the table, both of them red. Christopher had a permanent scowl on his dark face, and Isabelle had a look of hurt etched on her pale skin.
 As I munched quietly on my food—the salty, and iron taste dissolving on my tongue and Adrian's arm wrapped around me, I contemplated the pros and cons of Isabelle and Christopher being together.
 Isabelle was an outspoken Spanish girl with blonde hair and grey eyes. Christopher was an African American boy with green hair and turquoise eyes, as well as a nerd. Christopher was introverted, and Isabelle was not. Christopher was a topper; Isabelle was an average. Isabelle had six siblings; Christopher had none. Christopher was moody and preferred to be alone, while Isabelle was always cheerful and liked to have company. They had so many differences, but as my mother always said, the opposites attract.
 After lunch, we were sent back to our cabins for two hours of boredom, again. My mothers called, asking how my first day was. I replied enthusiastically, just so that they didn't think they wasted their money over nothing. Adrian caught my eye a couple of times as I was speaking, giving me a wink or a smile every time and making my voice catch.
 Garret called while Isabelle was talking to her mother. I heard crying in the background, so I figured he was at his previously mentioned girlfriend, who apparently had a son from a relationship before Garret. He asked about Adrian, to which I shushed him desperately since Adrian was sitting right next to me, a bored expression on his face as he switched between National Geographic and the HISTORY channel.
 Christopher and Adrian got their calls last since they had to borrow our phones after theirs died. Adrian's call was short and sweet, his brothers and parents wishing him well. His father talked to him the most, proudly cheering when Adrian told him of the Eiffel Tower he'd carved.
 Christopher's call was a long one. His mother had much to say to him. She nagged on about the food she was preparing and how much she and his father missed him. I think Christopher nodded more than he spoke, yet he listened patiently to his mother's fussing and never talked back, not even once. He was actually really sweet, a character trait Christopher hardly displayed to us.
 As the evening sun began to set, we all pulled on our bathing suits and began to hasten to the river, apprehension for the cold liquid scarring us. I was lucky I packed a bathing suit and not a bikini like Cassidy and Isabelle. I jumped into the water first, pleasing my counselors and splashing all over my classmates. One by one, they began to join me, splashing and racing. A few girls drenched their feet by the docks, watching the boys race each other.
 I swam in slow circles by the docks, waiting for Isabelle to come in. Adrian and Christopher swam close by, both sighing in relief. The cold wash was a comfort to our hot and bothered bodies, thanks to the sun pounding onto us.
 My expectations for Adrian's muscles were beyond met once he'd stripped his shirt off. I'm positive I even saw Robyn's mouth drop at the sight of his sweaty, glistening body. He dived in headfirst, splashing me playfully as he did.
 What I did not expect, however, were the toned muscles Christopher had as he jumped in, looking excited for something other than reading for the first time. I didn't expect a nerd like him to be so fit, almost as fit as Adrian. Neither did Isabelle. She shamelessly ogled him as he swam laps with Adrian, both of them paddling at almost the same pace, with Adrian a finger in the lead.
"Come on, Isabelle! Get in!" I whined.
"You wish! There is no fucking way I am letting leech water touch my body!" She said firmly. 
 I shrugged. "There aren't that many leeches." I droned.
  Isabelle's face dropped in horror and I threw my head back with a laugh.
"I'm just kidding Isabelle! It's clean!" 
 Isabelle huffed. "How do you know? Somebody could've easily peed in that water and nobody would've known!" She shrieked. 
 I sighed. She wasn't the only one staying out of the water. The girls that were sitting on the docks had already jumped in, probably with help from their boyfriends. Cassidy had taken their spot, watching Adrian closely as he swam.
"Isabelle, we're going to be here until dinner. Might as well find a way to kill time," I said. I laid on my back, floating peacefully with the water rushing into my ears until I felt two strong hands grab my arms. I shrieked, flailing until I was able to turn. Adrian's amused green eyes stared back at me, and I flushed in embarrassment.
"Sorry, Adrian. I didn't know it was you." I apologized. 
 Adrian shook his head. "No worries, Nova. I shouldn't have startled you like that." He looked at Christopher, then at Isabelle, both of who were looking separate ways. "Why isn't she coming in?"
"I don't know." I sighed. "She's being a prissy, as she usually is about getting dirty." 
 A devilish grin formed on Adrian's face, and he whispered something quietly into my ear. I grinned, nodding. With a wink, he ducked underneath the murky water and I swam back to Isabelle.
"You sure you don't want to come in?" I asked.
  Isabelle shook her head. "No. I most definitely do not." She said. 
 I opened my mouth to counter, but something sharp latched onto my foot and I dunked under.
"Nova!" I heard Isabelle cry. I stayed underwater for a few moments, tossing the crab claw Adrian had used away. He pouted, but I glared at him. Seconds after, a splash and a flurry of bubbles blocked my vision, and Adrian and I returned to the surface. Isabelle was neck-deep in water, pouting at me.
"So funny, guys." She grumbled. Adrian and I burst out laughing, and from behind me, I could hear Christopher snickering quietly.
"C'mon, we had to get you to join one way or another." Adrian defended. 
 Isabelle frowned, but soon she began to smile. Holding tightly to my arm, she swayed in the water with me. Adrian and Christopher continued to do their laps, laughing and bickering with each other.
 I saw a couple of counselors try to get Cassidy in the water, including Brendan, but she blatantly refused and kept saying that she had a better view of Adrian from the docks. Finally having enough with her bullshit, the counselors just let her be, muttering to themselves about picky girls.
"What do you think of Adrian?" Isabelle asked, leaning in conspiratorially.
  I rolled my eyes. "What do you think of Christopher?" I retorted. 
 Isabelle blushed. "You first, since I asked." She pressed.
"I think Adrian's good looking," I said shortly. 
 Isabelle blinked. "That's it? No description? No emotion? No blushing? Just a blank, short 'good looking'?"
  I shrugged. "It doesn't matter. The chances of us becoming a thing are zero to none. Now, what about Christopher?" I pressed.
"He's...hot. Definitely not what I expected." Isabelle swooned. "He's so godlike with that body of his."
  At that moment, Christopher turned to look at us, and he and Isabelle caught gazes. Isabelle wilted, but Christopher scowled and looked away.
  I frowned. "You know...maybe you should talk to Christopher instead of hanging onto me." I offered. Isabelle, always known for being dramatic, gasped and began to flail.
"What? Are you out of your mind, Nova? I can't go talk to him! I'll make a fool of myself!" She cried.
"Like you already aren't," I muttered. "Well, Christopher can't fall in love with a rock, can he? You gotta make a move! Get to know him!" 
 Isabelle shivered. "Yeah, but what if he ignores me? What if I make a fool of myself?!" Isabelle panicked.
 I pushed her gently towards Christopher. "Well, you'll never know until you try," I said. I let go of her and she swayed. I stayed behind her for a few moments, letting her get her ground, then once she was by Christopher, I swam towards the opposing docks. 
 Adrian was already there, drying his mussy hair with a towel. I pulled myself out of the water, the warm feeling of the shiny liquid cover slipping off me. Adrian gaped for a few moments, then handed me a towel with a smile.
"You look happy." He commented.
"I am," I replied. He looked to where I was gazing at. Isabelle and Christopher were talking, and while the scowl remained on Christopher's face, I could tell he was having trouble holding it as Isabelle talked about the book he was holding.
"Ah, I see. Playing matchmaker, are we?" Adrian teased.
  I shrugged. "I was getting annoyed with her complaints. If she wants to date Christopher, then she has to get to know him, right? Otherwise, it would be like marrying a stranger." 
 Adrian nodded. "That's true." He agreed. A crow flew over us, cawing as the night fell. I looked up to the tip of Hangman's Mountain.
"You know, some ways north of the path we hiked today, there's a graveyard," Adrian said.
"Really?" I asked, impressed.
  Adrian nodded. "Yeah. I don't remember where, but I intend on finding it."
"Why?" 
 A shadow passed Adrian's face and he looked away.
"Um...someone important to me passed and was buried there." He explained pervasively. 
 It wasn't my business, and while I was curious, I nodded. "I'm sorry." 
 Adrian shrugged. "It's no big deal. She died years ago." 
 I bit my lip, now feeling bad, but our counselors had begun to push us towards the Big House for dinner. My last view of the river was the crow flying dangerously low to the water, its beady red eyes fastened with curiosity on us, ripping me apart slowly.

~ * ~

 Dinner was bland, again. The food was stale and cold. The meat was charred so badly all I could taste were burnt bits and ashes. My tongue recoiled in disgust, and even Adrian was picking silently at his food, sometimes looking at me and flashing me a smile.
 Isabelle and Christopher were sitting across from each other again, all the previous improvement from the river now looking like it never happened. Isabelle would sometimes look at Christopher longingly, but he'd hardly glance up from the new book Robyn had given him. If he did, it'd always be to scowl at one of us, including Adrian.
 "How do you live with him?" I whispered. 
 Adrian smiled, amused. "I don't know, really." He admitted. "He was one of the first people to help me in school. Sure, he's a bit quiet, but once you get to know him, Chris's actually a good friend."
"I get the feeling he doesn't like Isabelle that much," I murmured.
  Adrian winced. "Chris's...had a rough time when it comes to romance. He had a girlfriend once, and she only used him for money. He gave up after that."
"But why? That was only one instance!" I asked. 
 Adrian shrugged helplessly. "I don't know. I don't know half of the things Chris does. All I can hope is that he doesn't break Isabelle's heart. She seems like a nice girl."
"She is. Just...a bit pushy." I said. We laughed, and Robyn scooted up to us.
"Is it just me, or is it obvious how in love Isabelle is with Chris?" She asked. 
 Adrian and I traded glances.
  "Uh...yeah. We were actually just talking about that." Adrian said. 
 Robyn nodded, taking a bite of her food. She wrinkled her nose. "This food tastes like shit. My sister cooks better than this, and she's a horrible chef!" She said. 
 I chuckled. "That's true," I murmured.
 Robyn took a swig of her water. "You guys hear about the graveyard?" She asked.
 "Yeah. What about it?" Adrian asked.
 "Rumor has it that the legendary Hangman hangs there. Nobody ever went to investigate though, too chicken." She said.
"I mean...I wouldn't," I mumbled. 
 Luckily, Robyn didn't hear me. It just so happened that Antonio was passing by our table. He sent her a conspiratorial wink, and she immediately got up from our table, making up an excuse only she'll understand. Adrian and I traded glances with a smirk, knowing that more counselors than teenagers made out at the camp. Even Garret, who'd had his first time here, caught many counselors getting in on the deed.
 The bell rang shortly after they left and we were all escorted out of the cafeteria and into our cabins. Nightfall had already blanketed the camp and the owls were already out, hooting quietly and staring at us with their large, creepy eyes. I shivered and Adrian's hand grasped mine.
"You okay?" He asked.
  I gulped, nodding. "Yeah..." I looked an owl dead in the eye as we passed its tree. It stared back at me, unmoving. 
 Adrian chuckled. "Are you afraid of the owl?" He teased. 
 I grumbled. "No. Just hate their eyes," I said. Christopher turned abruptly.
"Did you know that owls can turn their heads around and continue to stare down their prey, even when the prey can't see them?" He informed.
  I shivered, glancing back. "Hope I'm not the prey," I mumbled, a dreading feeling pooling in my stomach.

~ * ~

 We got to the cabin later than expected, distracted from all the owls we'd encountered. Isabelle, having already laid her clothes on the bed, used the bathroom first. I went next, only needing to change and brush my teeth. Christopher, surprisingly enough, went after me. He'd wanted to go last tonight. Only Adrian remained after.
 I found him looking out the window at an owl perched on the wolves’ head above our door. Or, I thought he was looking at the animal. His gaze was distant, almost sad as if he was reminiscing something.
"Adrian?" He jumped. "You okay?" 
 Holding a hand to his heart, Adrian turned to me, smiling gently.
"Huh? Oh, yeah, I'm fine Nova." He replied, though his gaze was still distant. 
 I frowned. "What are you looking at?" I asked.
"Nothing really. Just the Mountains." He answered.
"Thinking about her?"
"...Yeah." Adrian suddenly turned, and my hands slipped in his.
"I'm long over her, though." He said quickly.
  I laughed nervously. "I don't even know who she is, Adrian!" I assured. "It's okay!"
  Adrian fiddled around nervously, and when Christopher exited the bathroom, he hastened to leave the awkward atmosphere he had created. 
 Isabelle giggled. "Well, that went well." She commented dryly. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Like you do any better." I hissed, my eyes flickering up to Christopher. He wasn't paying attention to us, thankfully.
"Yeah, I think I can," Isabelle answered confidently.
  I didn't have much time to talk to her, though. Once Adrian came out of the bathroom, good-nights were quickly shared and lights were promptly turned off.
The owl still gazed at us.

~ * ~

"Nova! Nova wake up!" I groaned and turned on the bed. "Nova!" The voice continued to hiss tediously in my ear.
"What?" I snapped. I cracked my eyes open, and Adrian's green eyes gazed back at me. He was still in his pajamas, yet he had a backpack slung over his shoulder. His eyes were wide with disbelief as he shook me.
"Adrian? It's five in the morning!" I groaned, wiping my face. "What is it?"
  Adrian jumped like an excited child, yet kept his voice low, for fear Isabelle or Christopher woke.
"I found it! I found it!" He exclaimed. He stepped away, allowing me to sit.
"Found what? Adrian, are you losing your mind?" I hissed. 
 Adrian ignored me and I flicked the light on.
"What? What did you find that was so important that you had to wake me up at fucking five a.m. Adrian?" I snarled. 
 Adrian flushed. "I didn't realize it was that early." He mumbled. 
 I sighed.
"Okay, okay!" Adrian relented. "I snuck out after you guys fell asleep—!"
"You what?" I nearly screamed. 
 Adrian put his hand to my mouth. "Easy! They'll wake up!" He scolded. 
 I groaned and shoved his hand away from my mouth.
"Okay, then what?" I asked, fury slowly building inside of me.
"I wandered up the mountain for a bit, to where Robyn had led us yesterday. I was curious, so I went up more, and I found it!" He squealed.
"You keep saying that, but what did you find?" I snapped.
"I found the Hangman!" He whispered.
  I nearly jumped out of my skin. "You...what?" I asked. 
 Adrian jumped giddily. "I found the Hangman! He was there! Actually hanging!"
"Gross! Was he moving?" I asked. 
 Adrian nodded ecstatically. "Yes! He was moving and groaning—!"
"Please tell me you didn't touch him..."
"No! No, I wandered into a temple by him. It was so cool! You should have seen it!" In his excitement, Adrian grabbed my hands and I blushed. "It was all old and rare! It even had a few things there! There was this really cool goblet, this shield, there was even an hourglass with green sand—that was definitely my favorite!"
"Adrian!" I sighed exasperatedly. "The Hangman isn't real. You said it yourself. He's just a myth. Besides, once you're hanged, you're hanged. There is no way to be in the middle and be alive at the same time!"
 "But it's true!" Adrian cried. He squeezed my hands. "He was real! I saw him! His glowing red eyes! His limp yet moving body! He had skin dripping everywhere and I could even see his flesh and bones!"
"Gross! Adrian!" I gagged. I stood up and began to clean myself up. Adrian waited as I brushed my teeth, changing in the meanwhile. "How do I know you're not making anything up?"
 "Don't you trust me, Nova?" Adrian asked sincerely, his green eyes somehow enlarging. 
  I bit my trembling lip. "Of course, I do," I said. I swayed over to the blinds, standing and turning by them. Adrian stood in front of me, his hands on either side of my hips. I leaned away, poking his chest.
"I trust you, Adrian, but there are no such things as—!" I turned around, pulling the blinds open. "—zombies!!!"













Chapter 4
 I stood frozen by the window, mouth ajar and heart beating so quickly I thought it would burst from my chest. I couldn't believe my eyes! Did I not wash them properly? Were there really zombies moaning and trotting on the campgrounds in front of me?
 Adrian had left to wash his face, but when he returned, he shook me profusely when I didn't answer his inquisitive voice. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see a stunned expression on his face.
"Nova?! Nova, what's wrong?" He asked madly. 
  I couldn't speak. I couldn't breathe. I could only point out the window, which Adrian took an indifferent glance at. I saw his eyes widen slowly, just like mine had, and he slammed the open window shut, pulling the blinds together.
 "What the fuck is that?" He hissed turning his blazing eyes toward me as if I had an answer for him.
"How the hell am I supposed to know?" I hissed back. I was gripping Adrian's hands tightly now as if my life depended on it. Adrian looked carelessly around the room, and then he began to run. I watched him in a daze as he began to stuff clothes and food into our backpacks. He looked up at me.
"Don't just stand there, Nova! Help me!" He cried.
"What should I do?" I asked, equally petrified. I heard cabin doors begin to open, and shrieks howling into the morning wind. This had definitely not just be a prank by the counselors.
 Jumping to the door, Adrian slammed the locks shut, pushing the coffee chairs against it.
"Get Chris and Isabelle up." He ordered, breathless.
  I nodded and began to shake them awake. Violently. Hurriedly. Isabelle groaned and swatted me in her sleep.
"Isabelle! Get the fuck up!" I shouted desperately
 Isabelle slapped me on my cheek and I stumbled back. "Shut up, Nova. I'm trying to sleep." She moaned.
"When you die, you can get all the sleep you want!" Adrian growled from the bathroom. 
 Isabelle shot up. "What?" She asked just as pounding footsteps began to echo outside the cabin. I heard a crash, and then a moan and scream. Something snapped, and I had a bad feeling that it was a neck. Our door began to bang and Adrian slapped Christopher square on the face, awakening the latter almost immediately.
"What. The. Fuck. Dude." Christopher threatened sleepily. "Why the hell are you—!" 
 But Christopher was cut off by screaming. By crashing. By snaps and cries. He and Isabelle scrambled from the bed, throwing clothes on despite being right next to each other. Our door began to bang, the moans growing louder.
"How are we going to get out?!" I asked. 
 Adrian looked around the room, his eyes stopping short on the window above the T.V. Christopher still looked confused.
"Can someone tell me what the hell is going on?" He asked. Isabelle grabbed him by the collar and shoved him towards the window as Adrian tossed him a backpack.
"Apocalypse. Zombie apocalypse." I answered. A chair moved by the door and Isabelle screamed.
"They're coming!" She warned. My heart began to beat faster, my hunger for survival beginning to consume me. Adrian's steady hand fell on my shoulder.
"We're going to make it out of this, Nova." He promised, brow sweaty and eyes alert. Moans and screams haunted my ears and the door creaked. We all screamed, and Adrian shoved Isabelle out of the window. She yelled as she fell, and Adrian's hands were immediately on my hips, pushing me up. I clawed at the T.V.
 "Adrian...!"
 "Go! We don't have time to bargain!" Adrian demanded. He pushed me out the window, and with a thump, I landed on the huckleberry bushes right outside our cabin. There was a crash, then Adrian's hands crawled from the window.
"Grab him!" Christopher yelled. 
 I jumped up onto the wobbly ledge and grabbed Adrian's hands. He screamed, and I heard the door collapse, the moans getting louder.
"Pull my legs!" I yelled. Isabelle began to yank, and I pulled. Adrian grunted, and his head popped from the window.
 "Move back!" He ordered, his tan face red with exertion. We took steps back, and Adrian leaped from the window, landing perfectly on his knees. He looked back at the cabin, panting heavily.
 "Run...RUN!" He yelled. We scrambled, running towards the main square of the camping grounds. It was like my body had a mind of its own—my feet propelled themselves. We all ran in a line, making sure we were all still alive. Adrian's palm remained strongly on my back, pushing me.
 "Keep moving! If we can get to the river, we can make it higher up the ground!" He ordered. Isabelle began to gasp for air.
 "That far?!" She complained.
"It's either that or we die!" I said. "Keep moving!" 
 The backpacks jostled on Adrian and Christopher's backs, but they kept running. At one point, Adrian's hand slid down to grip my hand. He increased his speed, and I, in turn, was forced to increase mine.
"Keep running! Keep going!" Adrian encouraged. We jumped over a fallen log just as the camp square came into view.
The whole place was in disarray. Campers were screaming and running everywhere. Trees were falling and cabins were being ripped apart board by board. Many had begun to run towards the bottom of the mountain, but a wave of zombies crashed into them. Blood rushed to my ears, pounding my brain. I squeezed my eyes shut, but the pounding continued, pressing and crushing my brain.
"Look!" Isabelle cried. She pointed to the dead bodies of Brendan and our teacher. Their necks were snapped, the brain's mashed on the ground. Their eye sockets were empty and bloody, and their skin was in shreds on the ground. I felt my dinner resurface, especially when the smell of charred meat hit my nose. Except, it wasn't meat.
It was human flesh.
"Gross!" Christopher exclaimed. 
 Adrian retched back. He searched the scene before us. "We'll have to go through them head-on! We can't go down! They'll kill us! We have to go up!" He cried.
  Isabelle and Christopher both groaned, but I nodded.
 "Let's go!" I said. I wasn't dying. Not now, not today, not by their green hands. With a guttural cry, we charged into the zombie war field.
 Campers around us were lying on the ground, necks snapped and eyes empty. Brains were crushed into the soil like minced meat, but I kept running straight. I kept my vision forward. Moans and cries began to grow nearer, and coils of anxiety wrapped around my stomach, but I kept moving. I kept running, knowing if I stopped now, I'd be dead.
"Nova! Help!" My head whipped back, and I stopped dead in my tracks. Robyn was cornered by a fallen tree, fear shining in her eyes. A bulky, newly turned zombie loomed over her, and I realized that it was none other than Antonio himself.
"NOVA!" Adrian cried, but I didn't listen to him. I was already running back. "Nova, stop!"
 "No!" I yelled. I picked up a fallen branch and stabbed Antonio in the back of the head. He roared in agony and turned; blood-red eyes fastened on me.
 "Run, Robyn! Run!" I screamed. 
  Robyn took a shaky breath, and with a final glance at me, she ran, her shoes kicking wet dirt as she scrambled back up the path.
 "Mmm..." Antonio growled. I stammered, holding the stick tightly. He swiped, and I jumped nimbly over his bulky arm. I stabbed his elbow, and he screamed an ear-shattering scream, swiping at me. This time, he scored, and I flung backward.
 "Oof!" I gasped. My head knocked against a tree and I cried out. Antonio loomed over me, grinning cruelly. He gave me a rotting smile and raised his hand...then stiffened. He took shallow breaths, then gave the largest cry I'd ever heard a zombie make. I scrambled away as Antonio dissipated, Adrian, standing over him.
"Leave. Her. Alone." He snarled. I choked on a swallow and my eyes teared up. I began to shake, and Adrian hoisted me up.
"Let's go." He said. We ran back, Isabelle and Christopher ahead of us by a few paces. Fires ignited all over the camp, roars growing louder and neck snaps becoming music to my ears. Zombies had noticed us now. They were running after us, which I was still debating was a good thing or not. They surprisingly caught up behind us, if not, lagging behind a couple of inches.
 One of them reached her bony, skin dripping hand out, and clawed at my shirt. She ripped the fabric covering my stomach and I gasped, but Adrian didn't even turn. He gripped my hand tighter and we jumped over a fallen tree.
"Forget the shirt. Keep running!" He ordered.
  I gulped, obeying silently. Their roars grew louder as the flames grew higher. Some left to begin a trek down the mountain, but the majority remained on our tail, clawing and scratching. Sweat beaded my forehead and my stomach began to attain some bruises and wounds. Adrian's jeans were ripped and his shirt sleeve had a rip as well, but his green eyes remained focused on the road ahead of us.
"Log!" He warned. 
  I jumped and successfully lost a few zombies who'd tried to walk straight through a log.
 "You know..." I panted. "Even though they eat brains, they're still pretty dumb." 
  Adrian rolled his eyes. "Later, Nova." He said. 
 A fireball shot at us, and Adrian shoved me against the ground, his body sprawled on top of me. A zombie pulled my hair, and in a flash, we were up again, Adrian's arm securely around me.
"We can't keep going like this, Adrian!" Isabelle cried. "Where's the river?!"
"We're getting there! I can smell it!" Christopher called. 
 I wrinkled my nose. "How can you smell anything other than charred flesh?" I asked. 
 Adrian winced, skidding over a fire patch. "Let's not mention that, again." He said. 
  I looked closely at his face and saw how much paler he'd gotten. Ever since the fires were lit, flashes of fear caressed his strong features every now and then, and his muscles flexed. His hand was so tight on my hand, I was sure I was losing all my blood circulation there.
 The dirt and leaves crunched under our feet as we ran. We leaped over the bonfire site and my heart lifted as the smell of salt reached my nose. The zombies still trailed behind but I could see them growing tired. More and more began to leave, and I thought we would actually be safe now.
 When a new wave of zombies tumbled from a high brush over the river, I understood why many were falling back.
I was the first to scream, and a fireball swirled past me, Adrian ducked, pulling me down with him. We splashed on the mud and I grimaced, my clothes sodden.
"Seriously?" I asked.
  Adrian glared at me. "Would you rather be dead?" He asked, gasping for breath.
  I rolled my eyes. "Fair enough."
 "Now, what?" Isabelle cried. She was holding a sharp branch, brandishing it menacingly. Christopher clung to the backpack like a shield and moved closer to her. Adrian looked behind us, and the murky water swirling in whirlwind pools, and I saw his eyes sparkle. Isabelle and Christopher moved near us, and as the zombies began to close in, I had a dreading feeling I knew what Adrian was about to do.
"You guys all know how to swim, right?" He asked. 
  I took a deep breath, my heart thumping so loudly I could hear it over the roar of zombies and flames.
"Yes! Why...Eek!" 
 Adrian shoved me headfirst into the water, and soon, three more splashes joined me. We all surfaced with a gasp, and as quick as I could I began to paddle.
 "I'm going to fucking murder you, Adrian Wolfson!" I screamed, gurgling when I accidentally swallowed dirty water. Adrian, for the first time that day, chuckled and winked at me.
 "Let's see if we can make it out of this alive first. Then maybe I'll let you kill me." Adrian joked. 
 Christopher bubbled some water, then spit it all out, choking. "Can you guys maybe flirt later? I'm trying to live here!" He asked. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Let's keep moving," I said instead. I moved my arms faster, a burning sensation crawling up my thighs and into my elbows. I winced, but my fierce hunger for survival kept me moving.
"I can see the end of the river!" Isabelle, who had been swallowing and spitting water this whole time, cried. That incentive made us swim harder, and soon, we were all laying on the sand, our breathing heavy and eyes up at the sky.
 "What the fucking hell did we just do?" Christopher finally asked. He sat up, and with a groan, I did as well, peeling my soaked shirt off. I squeezed the access water.
 "Well, we just picked our assess up and scrambled away from that shitty camp, that's what we did," I said. 
  Adrian whistled. "Didn't know you curse when you were angry." He teased. 
  I slapped him with my shirt. "Don't act like you're a saint," I replied. "We still have a long way to go." 
  Isabelle stripped herself of her shirt, copying me, and soon, we all were squeezing excess water from our clothes. I couldn't help but stare at Adrian now, and especially since he was standing in front of me. His back was curved, almost like he was doing it on purpose to look like a model. He looked up, and his eyes traveled along my torso and above until he caught me looking at him. He flashed me a smirk.
"See something you like?" He sang. 
 I snorted. "Like you didn't?" I shot back. 
 Adrian shrugged. "True." 
 We put our clothes back on and I leaned against a tree, sighing. My heart had returned to its normal beating, and now, I felt like I could finally breathe.
"Adrian, why the fucking hell did you have to wake at fucking who knows what to go explore some haunted mountain?" I asked.
"He did what?" Isabelle and Christopher both exclaimed. They glared at Adrian, who now looked very sheepish.
"It sounded cool!" He defended. "Besides, Robyn said nobody ever explored there! I was curious!"
 "Didn't you ever hear that curiosity killed the cat?" Christopher snapped. 
 Adrian wilted. "I know. But the zombies weren't there before, I swear! I didn't see them coming back!"
 "And you could've been killed!" Isabelle scolded in her shrill voice. "Do you know how dangerous that was?" 
  Adrian sighed. "Look, I know what I did was stupid, and I won't do it again. Right now, we need to stick together and find a way back to East Avery."
  Isabelle let out a cynical laugh. "East Avery? As in, the rural, stupidly hot town that is fucking 7-8 hours away from here? Yeah, I think I might go back to the zombies."
  I sighed. "Adrian has a point, though." I defended. "We need to warn to town and the police of what is going to happen. We can't take any chances with our family there."
  Adrian swallowed, gazing at the fire. "I won't lose somebody I love again." He mumbled. 
 Isabelle and Christopher were washing their faces, so they didn't hear him, but I did. I frowned, but again, I didn't say anything.
"How are we going to get back if the way to the town is on the other side?" I asked.
"There's a land-bridge somewhere east of here. We'd have to climb a bit higher to get to the path, but we should be able to get there." Adrian replied.
"What about the zombies?" Isabelle whispered.
"Oh, they'll probably be following our tail soon, since most of the people at camp or either dead or zombified," Christopher assured bluntly.
"How is that reassuring in any way?" I asked. 
 Christopher shrugged. "It isn't. I'm just calculating our chances of living." He replied. 
 Adrian groaned. "Let's...just start hiking up." 
 He grabbed a backpack from the ground. I looked out to the water, and by the docks, I could see some zombies flailing in the water, trying to paddle just as we had.
 "Uh...we'd better start going before those guys find out they can make boats with the dock planks," I mumbled, tugging Adrian's sleeve. He looked up from the soggy map he was holding, and his green eyes widened.
 "Yeah...that's a good idea." 
 I yanked Isabelle up by the arm and Adrian pulled Christopher up. The humidity, matched with my already wet hair did not do well for me.
"Is the map ripped yet?" I asked. 
 Adrian smirked and waved the paper at me. "Nope, and thank the heavens for that."
"Do you even know where we are going?" Isabelle whined. 
 Adrian took a deep breath, steeling his nerves. "Not yet. However, I do know that there is a small campsite a few miles from here. If we can get there before sundown, we can catch our breaths for the night and continue to the land-bridge tomorrow." Adrian said. He and Christopher stalked ahead of Isabelle and me, mumbling to themselves.
"Are you okay, Nova?" Isabelle questioned quietly, siding up next to me. I stepped on leaves and twigs, their snaps reminiscent of the ones of my peers and teachers back at the camp.
"I've had better days," I admitted. "Zombies, of all monsters it had to be zombies!"
  Isabelle shrugged. "That's true. I wouldn't have minded a werewolf."
"To do what? Eat you raw?"
"No. To fuck me raw." 
 I wrinkled my nose. "Gross, Isabelle!" I gagged. 
 Isabelle shrugged. "Don't hate it till you try it." She said. Her hair had twigs and moss hanging from it, and her shirt and skirt were soaked, yet she still found a way to lighten the mood. I smiled.
"I'd rather not have sex with a zombie though. I don't want them to literally eat me out." I said. 
  Isabelle smiled. "Yeah..." 
 We were quiet after that. Darkness was falling slowly, creeping onto us with their long, twisty fingers and quiet, sinister laughs and whispers. I kicked each rock by my foot, my mind swarming with crazy images of my dead friends and counselors. I felt my food rise from my throat and I began to hack.
 "Nova? Nova?!" 
 Adrian was by me in a flash. I opened my mouth, but instead of words, vomit spilled out, reoccurring over and over as if I were a waterfall. I began to gasp for breath, vomit stuffing my nose and breathing pipes.
 Adrian held my hair up and Isabelle began to rub my back, mumbling quietly. Christopher...I don't know what he was doing, but I didn't care at the moment. Flashbacks to the dead bodies, the mashed, mushy brains, the sinews, and the organs—
—and maggots!
All the slimy, crawly, disgusting white little worms feasting happily on my classmates! That vision only made me hurl harder. My vision began to blur and I choked harder. Breathing became difficult, and I could vaguely hear Adrian trying to calm me down.
After a while, I sniffled, collecting myself. I spit a couple of times into the dirt and Adrian handed me a towel. I graciously took it and wiped my mouth and shirt.
"Here." Isabelle handed me a new shirt, a tank top, and I slid it on. I threw my vomit one onto the dirt, but Adrian picked it up and stuffed it into his backpack.
"Why are you keeping it?" I asked, sniffling again.
"We might need some more clothes later." He replied. He took my hand and squeezed it. "Feeling better?" 
 I groaned. "A little. C-Can we just, keep going? I'd like to get some sleep now." I yawned as if proving my point. 
 Adrian nodded. "Sure. We have less than a mile anyway." He frowned. "Are you feeling better?"
  I shivered. "Yeah. It was just that image of blood and guts and—!"
"Don't think about it," Adrian said. "It'll only make you feel sicker." 
 I swallowed and nodded. "O-Okay. Do you think there'll be another wave of zombies?"
"They'll most likely ambush us in our sleep, but if you look on the bright side, we can all be dead together," Christopher commented mildly from the front. 
 Adrian scowled. "You could try and be at least a bit positive, Chris." He said.
  Christopher turned with a roll of his eyes. "Okay. Then I'm positive we're all going to be ambushed in our sleep. Better?" 
 Adrian groaned. "Why are you so bitter, man? You're alive, can't you be happy about that?" Adrian asked. 
 Christopher mimicked him. "Yeah, I'm alive with soaking boxers and bruises from that ambush! I'll be dead by next week, thanks to you and your curiosity!"
 "Hey!" I defended. "It wasn't Adrian's fault. You didn't touch anything when you were out, did you?" 
 Adrian hummed. "Uh...no. I don't think so." He replied. 
 I gave Christopher a look. "See?"
 He sighed. "Sorry, dude. I'm just...stressed." 
 Adrian clapped his shoulder. "It's cool. We're all worried about something." He said. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach.
"How quickly do you think it'll take for the zombies to get to town?" I asked.
"At their speed, and to go to East Avery? At most, I'd give them six to ten months, give or take." Christopher said. He handed Adrian the map, and I gingerly stepped over a branch that eerily looked like a broken hand.
"I meant to ask, was anyone bruised after that attack?" I asked.
  Isabelle held up her wavering wrist.
"I think I broke my wrist, but I'm not sure." She said. She circled her wrist with her fingers and wiggled it. She winced. "Maybe I did."
"I managed to grab a first-aid kit from the cabin. We'll check once we reach the campsite." Adrian said.
"I didn't get hurt much. Only a couple of bruises and a whole lot of river water." Christopher added.
  I shrugged. "Apart from the vomiting, nothing really." I cautiously touched a few burning spots on my face, pulling my hand away to study the blood soaking my fingertips. 
 Adrian hissed. "We might want to put some disinfectant spray on that." He said.
"What about you? Are you hurt, Adrian?" I asked. I jumped over a root and snapped a twig, looking up at him.
"No, not really." He lied. I could barely see the cuts and bruises bleeding from his tan skin, and I knew he used the night sky to hide it, but again, I kept mum.
 Caws of crows and hoots of owls filled my ears in the night trek, along with the occasional loud moan and groans coming from the opposite side of the bank. The stars glittered above us, paving a slightly bright path for us to follow on. Isabelle and I held hands as we walked, steadying each other since we weren't nocturnal. The trees crowded in on us, vines swung around, knotting into each other. Bugs leaped onto the dirt and sometimes onto our sodden sneakers, but we all ignored them now—them and their beady eyes. The forest was eerily calm, and that just rubbed me the wrong way. I wanted to hear some noise, to know something was keeping me sane right here, right now.
 We trekked along for another hour or two well into the night. I didn't bother looking at my phone for the time. I didn't care. My eyes were drooping, poison ivy was sucking at my feet, my limbs were aching and my bruises were burning. All I wanted was to drop on a nice bed and sleep.
"How much longer, Adrian?" I whined. Adrian chuckled, pulling a brush of leaves out of our way.
"We're here."




Chapter 5
  Adrian's campsite sat in plain view before my eyes, and after the whole zombie crusade, I was glad there was at least some dirt that I could sleep on.
 It was a cleared, open area of soil surrounded by trees and bushes. Vines hung dangerously close to the ground and the rocks created a border around the misshaped circle. Adrian and Christopher stepped over the twig holding us back and Adrian held it so we could cross.
"Wow. T-This is...beautiful, Adrian." I gaped. 
 Adrian smiled. "I know. When I was exploring, I came across this little ledge. I didn't know if it'd be useful, but I guess it is now."
"How did you get here anyway? We just had to cross a whole river here and you were in the cabin completely dry." Christopher asked.
"There were two land-bridges," Adrian explained. "One is down south, the other is above the second hill on Hangman's Mountain."
"Are we still on Hangman's Mountain?" I asked. I leaned against a tree tiredly, wiping my mouth again. 
 Adrian looked up at the sky. "Yes, by the looks of it. Hangman's Mountain consists of two individual hills, Hangman and Church Hill." He said.
  I looked up at the sky, at the twinkling of the stars and the winks of the moon. I scowled. They weren't the ones running for their lives here, we were.
"We should start setting up a camp, get some rest, and eat. We have a long travel day tomorrow." Adrian ordered after a few moments of each of us gathering our thoughts. He had been pacing, creating a trench by my feet.
  I pushed myself up from the bark. "Eat what? Granola bars? I think I just might throw up again." I sneered. 
 Adrian rolled his eyes. "We can go look in the forest, maybe find some animal or fruit to eat." He said. He reached into his backpack and pulled a sharp knife out. Strapping it to his waist, he began to slice the thickets of leaves and branches blocking his way, when Isabelle stopped him.
 "Mind if I join you?" She asked without any explanation whatsoever.
  Adrian glanced at me. "Okay...? Do you know how to get a fire ready, Nova?"
"Yeah. I'll make one." I replied. Adrian looked briefly at Christopher. He had his nose in a book, again, and was mumbling quietly, as if casting a spell. 
 I shrugged. "We'll be fine." I pushed Adrian gently, and he grasped my hand. "Go."
  He looked hesitant, but when Isabelle had begun to clumsily fight the branches, he sighed and nodded.
"Okay. Stay safe." He squeezed my hands and followed Isabelle, who had already begun to chatter. I would say I felt bad for Adrian, but I really didn't. He could deal with Isabelle for a few minutes without going completely insane. I had done it for years.
 The air was quiet now, thick and tense. Christopher and I sat on either side of the circle. He didn't look at me. He didn't even acknowledge Adrian, his best friend when he left. Fury bubbled inside of me, but I pressed against it. If a zombie approached us now, I'd rather have Christopher as a friend rather than a foe.
 I knelt on the muddy surface, rubbing my knees to warm my hands. Christopher glanced up at me with a raised eyebrow.
"You do realize you're supposed to be rubbing the sticks, right? Not yourself?" He snapped.
"Yeah. Why? Do you want to take my place?" I snapped back. 
 Christopher didn't even flinch. He only shrugged and continued with his reading. My fury level rose.
"You know, if you could stop being such an ass about this whole situation, that'd be great, thanks," I said, grinding my teeth. 
 Christopher ignored me and I clenched my jaw.
"What's your problem anyway? Why do you have to—hey!" I rubbed my head and scooped up the sticks that Christopher had thrown at me. They were thick and dry; unlike the soft and wet ones I was about to use.
"You're never going to make fire with wet sticks," Christopher commented dryly. He stood up and walked across the diameter of the circle, plopping next to me on a large rock. He snatched the sticks from my hands and began to rub them together.
 "Make a circle of rocks in the middle." He ordered bluntly. 
I scowled, but I still did as he said. I was curious to see how he made his fires.
 Christopher easily managed to light a flame. He blew on it gently for a couple of seconds, and once the fire began to grow, he set it in the circle of rocks I had made.
  I watched as the fire roared, swallowing and charring the dirt Christopher had set it on. I gazed at the light in awe.
"How did you do that?" I asked. 
 Christopher shrugged. "Simple reading will get you anywhere." He said, though he couldn't hide the pride in his voice as he spoke. 
  I smiled. "Wow...that was really smart Christopher," I said.  Christopher coughed, turning away from me.
"Ah...yes, well, I did do a bit of survival reading in case an apocalypse arose." He admitted with a blush. 
  I smirked. "Are you telling me that Christopher Berry-White, the smartest kid in the class, reads zombie apocalypse books in his free time?" I teased. Christopher flushed. "Who knew?"
 "I do have a life, you know." He snapped. " A life apart from studying and school!" 
 I giggled. "I know. I was just teasing you, Christopher." I replied. I was throwing some dry leaves into the fire when he spoke again.
"Chris."
"Hm?"
"Call me Chris." I looked up at him and he blushed. "I—ah, it feels weird having someone apart from my father call me Christopher." 
  I smiled. "Okay."
  An awkward silence fell over us for a while, the only sounds to my ears the chirps of late birds and the hoots of owls. A couple of them flew over us but thankfully didn't land on any tree by us. The fire continued to roar eagerly and every now and then I'd feed it some leaves or dirt. Christopher had returned to his book, ignoring me again when I suggested we begin to roll the bedrolls out. It was when we began to hear Adrian and Isabelle's voices near us that Chris began to speak, and rapidly at that.
"I don't like her." He said.
  I frowned. "Who?"
 "Your friend."
"Isabelle?"
"Yes. She likes me...but I don't reciprocate her feelings." Chris said.
  My heart fell and shattered into a billion pieces, and not for me, but for Isabelle.
"Why?" I asked. "Why don't you like her?" 
 Chris shrugged. "She's not my type." He admitted. "And she's too...too lively and clingy! I don't like that." 
 I was laying down on the dirt, but as my anger rose, my feet did too. I shoved some leaves into the fire.
"And you're telling me this because...?"
"I want you to tell her," Chris said. "I'm tired of having her invade my personal space and always try to talk to me. Tell her I don't like her."
"Chris..."
"Hey!" Isabelle burst through the trees and Chris and I both jumped. She giggled at our horrified expressions.
"What? Were you guys scared?" She mocked. 
  I smoothed my shirt down, scowling at her. "Yes. We were totally petrified! Why the hell would you do that when there's a fucking zombie apocalypse?" I scolded.
 "Not only that, but you almost made me stab you!" Chris exclaimed, horrified. I didn't realize he'd had a knife with him, but I'm glad he did because I had no protection on or with me.
Adrian walked behind Isabelle, an amused expression on his face. He set whatever he was holding in his hands on the stump by the rock I was sitting and rubbed his hands by the fire, sighing.
 "Did you catch anything?" I asked as Isabelle and Chris fought. It made me nervous about how close Isabelle was with Chris, especially after he just told me that he had no romantic feelings whatsoever towards my best friend.
 "Yeah. We found a rabbit and some apples and berries." Adrian said. He grunted, collapsing to the ground on his butt. The fire flickered like dark irises in his eyes and he sighed again.
"How were you and Chris? I see you lit an excellent fire." He appraised. 
  I blushed. "Well, it was really Chris's doing. And I have the bump to prove it." I rubbed my forehead, and Adrian chuckled.
 "Sorry about that. Chris can be very...blunt about everything." He said. 
  I laughed. "I can see that." 
  We sat for a while by the fire, embracing the warmth it supplied until Isabelle began to complain of hunger and Chris had surreptitiously moved closer to the apples. Adrian and I shared a look.
 "Do you know how to cut apples?" I asked jokingly. 
 Adrian rolled his eyes. "Of course. Do you know how to cook a rabbit?"
  I rolled my eyes too. "Of course. Knife?" 
 Adrian handed me the knife, which had specs of blood dripping from the metal tip. Flashbacks to the dead bodies sprawled all over the campgrounds flashed through my mind, but Isabelle's sturdy hand on my shoulder brought me back to reality.
"We don't have any pots or pans, do we?" I muttered. 
 Adrian shook his head. "No. I was only able to grab some spoons." He said.
  I clicked my tongue. "Great." I walked to a dead tree and easily ripped a large chunk of bark from the trunk. When I turned back, everyone was staring at me as if I'd gone mad.
"What?" I asked. Adrian was the first out of his stupor. He winked at me.
"Damn. I didn't know you had muscles, Nova." He said. "Impressive." 
  I huffed a chuckle. "It was a dead tree, not a living one. Anybody could've done that."
 "I wouldn't have even tried," Chris said mildly. Adrian yanked him up and tossed the book he was reading precisely into his backpack.
 "Hey!" Chris exclaimed indignantly. Adrian began to pull him by the collar.
 "Come on, bookworm. Help me set up some bedrolls." He said. It was actually pretty funny, watching Chris complain to Adrian. They were different in size, Adrian being at least five inches taller than Chris. Then again, Adrian was the tallest one in our group at almost six feet.
 "How do we cook rabbits?" Isabelle whispered.
  I grinned at her. "Are you telling me that you've never eaten a rabbit before, or that you don't know how to cook?" I asked. 
  Isabelle huffed in embarrassment. "Both." She mumbled. 
 I giggled and tapped her gently on the head. "Don't worry. I'll show you how." I picked the rabbit up from the rock and weighed it in my hands.
 "Wow, you guys caught a big one!" I said. 
 Adrian smirked. "But of course. Nothing less for a princess and her jester." He said. 
 Chris spluttered. "Jester?! Excuse me!? I think I'd make a fantastic adviser!" He said. He was pulling at one side of the bedroll, while Adrian easily lifted the other side above his shoulder with one hand.
"Whatever you say, Chris," I called.
"When did you start calling him Chris?" Isabelle asked, a hint of jealously sparking in her voice.
  I rolled my eyes and sharpened the knife on a rock, the fire crackling next to me.
"Ever since he told me to, which was like, ten minutes ago," I said. 
 Isabelle remained silent.
"Hey, you know I don't like Chris like that," I said. "I like Adrian."
  Isabelle smiled. "I know...I know..."
  I saw her look lovingly at Chris again, and my heart squeezed. How could I tell her that he didn't love her? Me? Her best friend? She'd hate me!
"Adrian!"
"Yes?!"
"Where are we going to get fresh drinking water?" I asked. 
 Adrian dropped the bedroll with a thump and knelt next to his backpack. Chris, meanwhile, was struggling to push the bedroll back to its original position.
"You do know that bedrolls are made of light material, right? They're not made of heavy springs." I commented.
  Chris glared at me. "Do you take me for an idiot? Of course, I know that!" He said. Adrian hummed, and I diverted my attention from Chris to him.
"We have a couple of bottles, but they won't last long. We'll need to make a filter." Adrian stated.
"How will we do that?" Isabelle asked.
  Adrian bit his lip and glanced at Chris, who was still puffing as he lifted the bedroll.
"We'll cross that bridge when we get there." He decided at last. He handed Isabelle and me a bottle of water to share, then took one for himself and Chris.
"Do we need water to cook rabbits?" Isabelle questioned.
  I shook my head with a laugh. "No, we're not making stew. Usually, I'd use oil, but since we have none, I guess we'll be eating pan-fry."
"Too bad we aren't by the river anymore," Isabelle commented. "We could've gotten some fish."
"The map says there's a river close to where we're going," Adrian mentioned. He dusted his hand off and grabbed a knife laying by me. "If we reach there by tomorrow, maybe we'll be able to catch some fish." 
 I snapped my fingers. "Good idea. For now, though..." I looked at the dead white rabbit. "Can you break another piece of bark?"
"Sure." Isabelle stood and soon returned with a larger piece than I had broken. I was piling some sticks by the fire when she dropped the flat-board above the rabbit. "Now what?" 
 I grinned. "Now..." I leaned all the sticks on each other, like a tepee. Then, I use some twine to tie the sticks together and wore the uneven circle down with Adrian's hunting knife. I then placed the larger piece of bark atop my makeshift stove handle. "-we cook." 
 Isabelle whistled. "Wow. I'm impressed." She said. I shrugged with pride.
"It was nothing," I said. I picked the rabbit up as if I was picking a baby and set it on the smaller wooden board.
"Are you going to..." Isabelle trailed off when she saw me raise the knife. "Never-mind." 
 I smirked. "Why? Do you want to do it?"
 "No!" Isabelle was quick to yelp, turning away from me. I shook my head fondly. She'd never fared well whenever we watched horror movies together. She, and to an extent, me, hated blood and gore, but I was hungry, so I could've cared less.
 "It's okay. It'll be quick, I promise." I assured. I gazed sadly at the poor rabbit. Its beady, lifeless eyes pleaded with me not to do this, to give it another chance, but my stomach didn't agree. Raising the knife dramatically, I plunged the sharp blade into the rabbit's backside. With a split and a crack, blood began to seep out onto the already rusty fur.
 I made quick work of the rabbit, skinning it as fast as I could. I didn't know if Adrian wanted to keep the matted fur, so I set it aside by my knees. Skinning was actually easier than cutting the meat itself, as I was more familiar with pre-made, boneless chicken. Not the full rabbit.
 Isabelle had turned at my request for help and I split the dead rabbit in half. Adrian and Chris were setting up some tents behind us, glancing at our progress from time to time.
 I poked the eye of the rabbit with the tip of my blade and grimaced, throwing the liquid bead far into the forest. I snapped the ears off, not sure if we could eat them or not. I didn't care. It was the body meat that I was going for.
"Do you think you could fry a rabbit leg as if it was a chicken leg?" Isabelle asked.
  I looked up from my carcass and shrugged. "Maybe? Try it." I briefly looked at Adrian's knapsack.
"We don't have spices, do we?" 
 A shake of Adrian's head confirmed that statement, and I sighed tiredly. It was late in the night, probably well past my childhood bedtime. I wiped the beads of sweat from my forehead and pricked the knife against my thumb, smiling.
"This could be useful," I murmured. 
 Isabelle giggled. "Don't start becoming a Wendigo, Nova." She replied in a playful tone.
  I frowned. "What's a Wendigo?" I asked.
"Don't listen to her, Nova. She's just trying to give us all heart-attacks!" Chris screamed from somewhere behind me. I shuddered but beckoned Isabelle to continue.
 "The Wendigo are these body, lifeless monsters that kill humans and eat their flesh as if it was your regular Tuesday night." She explained. 
 I shuddered again, but Adrian scoffed.
 "How romantic. I'd bet they don't get many dates."
 "Actually, there was a Wendigo romance book I read. It was gory and disgusting, but the sex was good." Isabelle said. 
 Chris and I both retched in disgust and Adrian sneered.
"Sex with a Wendigo? How fitting for an apocalypse. Let's all forget about our lives and have sex with cannibals." 
 I began to laugh at how nonchalant Adrian said that and Isabelle scowled.
"It was good though! It was very romantic and spicy at the same time!" She defended.
 "Maybe not with a human-eating monster, though," I said with a grimace. She hmphed and stabbed the rabbit in the gut.
 "Fine. Believe what you want to believe, but I'm not passing down a chance to make love with a Wendigo." She said stubbornly. 
  I snickered. "I think I would be fine with a werewolf," I said. 
  Adrian stiffened. "Please, never say that again." He whispered.
 "Why? It's true. I'm being a hypocrite because I don't like men with beards, but for some reason, having a werewolf as a lover appeals just fine to me." I said.
  Chris shrugged. "Well, it's better than a Wendigo." He muttered.
"Yeah. At the beginning of a zombie apocalypse. Seriously Isabelle?" Adrian added. 
 Isabelle ignored them. "I can't hear you~." She sang.
  We all let out expatriated sighs and continued with our tasks silently. Apart from the occasional groan from the bending of the branches or the hoots of owls, we added to nature's performance with the sharpening of knives and the thumps of failed tent poles.
 By approximately midnight, Isabelle and I had finished skewering the rabbit, and Adrian and Chris were just about finished with the leaf tents. Isabelle fed more leaves to the fire and I set the cubes of chopped rabbit onto the wooden board with a sizzle.
 "I don't understand. Why isn't the board burning up?" Isabelle asked.
 "I don't know. Probably because it isn't at the heart of the fire." I suggested. The boys joined us after a couple of minutes, and we all watched the meat fry quietly until it was done. I had Adrian fetch some flat rocks, and we divided the portions into cubes. Each of us ate five squares of rabbit meat with pinched noses, as meat without spice was just bland and disgusting to the mouth.
"We need some spices," Chris said. He rubbed his tongue against his teeth, trying to grate the taste of blood from his mouth. Adrian wiped his face and grunted, pulling back a blood-covered hand.
 "First, let's clean up and wrap our wounds," I said shakily. Isabelle touched her stomach, bringing back tiny strips of skin.
"Y-Yeah...Let's do that." She agreed. 
 We, with much effort, managed to sit Adrian and Chris down on the hospital table (aka, a rock) and wait for us to grab the necessary tools. I rummaged through Adrian's bag, jostling many different clothes and metal articles that kept poking my skin until I was able to feel the plastic handle of the first aid kit. I pulled it out with a grunt, shoving my brown hair out of my face.
"You okay?" Adrian called from where Isabelle had forced him to sit.  She shushed him, and I couldn't help but smile at his worry for me. I wouldn't be lying if I said it made my heart leap in the excitement that he noticed my winces and bruises.
"Yeah!" I called back. I stood from the ground and, with a kick of dirt, I made my way back to the rest of my group. I split the first aid kit up again, just as I had done the rabbit. Chris gave me a betrayed glare when I sent Isabelle to patch him up, but I ignored him. I had a lot going on in my mind, and Chris's love life was the least of my problems.
 I wrapped Adrian's bruises on autopilot, my arms and fingers moving on their own accord. My heart hadn't stopped beating ever since we'd made it alive to the beach. We'd made it, alive! I still couldn't believe that I had survived a wave of the zombie apocalypse! I wanted to cheer! I wanted to dance around and be proud that I had survived, but deep down, I knew that this was only the first of many fatalities that would come. I owed Adrian my life. If he didn't think as quickly as he thought back at the cabin, I would've been dead.
 I clenched my jaw, tightening Adrian's wrap harder than I should have. I thought about my family, my moms, Garret. We all had lives to live, places to go, dreams to fulfill. We couldn't just die by monsters that were supposed to be dead!
 I felt a hard thumb smooth against my lip and I turned, my breath caught in my throat. Adrian was looking directly in my eyes, his jaw set and eyes shimmering.
 "Nova, we will make it out of this alive." He said firmly. 
  I bit my lip. "How can you be so sure, Adrian? We're miles away from home with nobody to help us! We're on a haunted foreign mountain with zombies trying to murder and eat us! How do you know we'll make it out of this alive?" I cried. All my emotions crashed into me like a strong tidal wave, and I dropped the wrappings. Adrian sighed.
"Oh, Nova." He pulled me in for a fierce hug. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have made that kind of promise to you, but I can promise you this: I will do whatever it takes to make sure we make it out of this apocalypse alive."
"I believe it." Chris, who had been glaring quietly at Isabelle, spoke. "Adrian is a man of his word, for as long as I've known him. Trust him, Nova."
  I sniffled. "I never said I didn't. I'm just, scared." I admitted. I didn't like showing I was scared, because that meant that I was weak, and I didn't want to be weak. Adrian's hands rubbed up and down my arms.
"It's okay to be afraid, Nova. It's okay to cry. We're going to find a way out of this, alive. You have my word." Adrian repeated firmly. He pulled back and looked me directly in the eye and I squirmed.
"I believe you," I said. He smiled, wiping stray tears from my eyes.
"Good. Now sit. My wounds are bandaged. It's your turn now." I didn't put up any fight. I listened to what he asked without a word of complaint. Not my style, but in the humid weather of late July, I knew we had a long way ahead of us and it was best to stay on good terms.
"That zombie got you good on the stomach, huh?" Adrian mumbled. I nodded.
"Yeah. Ripped my shirt right off." I added with a chuckle. Adrian smiled. He pulled a stretch of bandage and wrapped it carefully around my waist. I bristled, and the hairs on the back of my neck stood every time his fingers brushed against the smooth skin of my stomach or exposed hip. Adrian didn't say a word as he helped me. He kept his head bent as if he were working with royalty.
"There, all done." Adrian stood, his hands resting on my waist. He brushed some of my hair away from my face and wiped a speck of blood from my forehead.
  I blushed. "Was it a lot?" I asked.
"No. Almost nothing." He replied softly. He gazed at me, the moon reflecting on one side of my face. I hesitantly touched the bandage wrap around my waist, smiling.
"How did you...?"
  Adrian winked.
"Well, I did live in the forest for half of my life." He said. I hoped that we could've continued in that quiet banter for a while longer, but of course, something or someone always has to fuck up.
"You're hitting my hip!"
"Well if you move, then maybe I won't!"
"Me? Move?! Yeah, you can bet your ass I'll move!"
"We no wonder, since you have such a big ass!"
"Shove off, Chris!"
 "And leave you here to bleed? Gladly!" Chris threw the gauze onto the ground in his fury and stomped off, leaving Isabelle half-wrapped on her arm. Adrian and I approached her, and she huffed.
 "The audacity of some people!" She yelled as if she was hoping Chris would hear. When a stick was thrown crudely in her direction, I knew he had heard.
"Thank you," She said to me as I helped her wrap the bandage. She stood and yawned.
"I'll take first watch," Adrian offered. "You girls get some rest. We have a busy day tomorrow."
  I shook my head. "I'm not very tired anymore. Mind if I stay up with you?" Adrian looked like he wanted to protest, so I added "It'll be easier that way anyway. You know, two and two?"
  He paused for a while, then nodded. "Okay. Isabelle..."
  But Isabelle was already gone, her shadow limping to the makeshift tents in a hurry. 
 I sighed. "Guess she's okay with it," I said cheerfully to Adrian. 
 He chuckled. "Guess so." 
  His palm found a way to my back and he led me to a stump closest to the thick forest he and Isabelle had disappeared in to hunt. We hadn't even gotten comfortable on the stump when a dry roar shook the forest, forcing the birds out of their nests. Adrian and I shot to our feet, looks of horror on our faces as we cried:
"ZOMBIES!"




Chapter 6
 The roars grew louder, hungrier, angrier. Adrian scowled and dumped a bottle of water on the fire, the flames spitting and clawing before diminishing into thin air.
 "They're already here?" I cried. I stumbled to my feet, my wound pinching. Adrian growled lowly and pushed a knife into my hands.
 "Use it if you have to." He ordered. I didn't even get a chance to nod before he was slapping Isabelle and Chris awake, both of who tried to slap him in return.
 "Get up and start to run!" Adrian yelled. He slung a backpack over his shoulders, and a flurry of birds flew over us, their cawing covering up the roars of the zombies.
 "W-What? Already?" Isabelle mumbled.
  I yanked her up and pushed a knife to her. "Use it if you have to," I repeated Adrian's words exactly. A tree swayed near us, and Adrian grabbed Chris's collar, shoving him awake.
 "What!?" Chris snapped. He looked up, and just as the tree was about to crush him to pieces, Adrian yanked him out of the way, already panting for breath.
 "Can't they give us a break?" Isabelle whined.
  I scoffed. "Death waits for no one," I said. I looked around the dirt platform we were standing on.
 "Head into the bushes!" Adrian ordered sharply. He shoved me first, and I stumbled over a root before I was able to get my bearings. A branch brushed against the bare skin of my shoulder and I nearly screamed, breaking into a run. Adrenaline pumped through me, and the only thing keeping me going was Adrian's heavy footsteps behind me. The roars began to near us, the moans haunting my ears. Branches, or possibly hands, ripped at my clothes, tearing the fabric to shreds. My jeans were becoming shorts, and my hair was earning itself hair clips made out of branches and leaves. 
 "Keep going, Nova! Keep going!" Adrian encouraged. His heavy breathing sounded in my ear and I blushed, almost losing my footing. He gripped my arm roughly and held me up. 
 "Keep running! I'm going to make sure Isabelle and Chris are still with us!" He yelled.
 "Okay!" I managed to gasp. A branch smacked my face, almost poking my eye out. Birds flew all around, the ground shaking violently. Trees swayed, a couple collapsing in the path before me. The dirt became mud, and the sky became smoky. A fireball zipped past me and the tips of my bangs burned off immediately.
 I felt my legs beginning to weaken, my heart pumping faster than it had ever pumped before. I remember when Garret used to drag me along to the gym with him, forcing me to keep running on the treadmill. I had cursed him profusely that day, but now, I thanked the heavens I had a brother like him.
 The moon shone its spotlight on me, and I forced myself to pick up speed. I couldn't hear Adrian anymore. Nor could I hear Isabelle or Chris. My hunger to survive, to live through this first night, forced me to remain on the path, to remain running. I didn't know where I was going. All I knew was that I had to run—to run as far and as fast as I could.
 The knife, or rather, dagger Adrian had given me sparkled in the dark night, giving me confidence that I could live. The bloodstains from the rabbit were still on there, still dripping, still pleading for me to give it another chance. My blood boiled and my legs began to burn. My head began to swarm, visions of make-believe creatures filling my head. I needed a break. I needed to stop. But my legs wouldn't pause. They wouldn't stop. They were on autopilot now, and I had no control over it.
 Sweat poured down my neck in waterfalls and streams. My arms ached from shoving the wind and my mind swarmed. Anxiety began to grow in my stomach, and my food began to rise. I struggled for control of my body again, struggled to pause and catch my breath. The heat pushed back on me, the wind pushed back on me, the roars pushed back on me, surrounding me.
 "Stop!" I screamed. I thought I was going mad. "Stop!" 
 Abruptly, my legs collapsed, and with a grunt, I toppled to the ground. 
 "Nova! Nova!" It was from Adrian! "Nova! Are you okay!"
 "Y-Yeah." I picked myself up from the mud. "I-I'm okay." 
 I brushed myself off with a sigh, deciding that this place was a good place to stop and gather our bearings. I rubbed the wound on my elbow, and as the footsteps of my friends neared, a large, hulking figure pounded out of the woods and smashed me against the tree.
 "Ahh!" I screamed. I was face to face with a hideous, disgusting bald zombie. His meaty, blood-stained breath puffed on my face and I screamed louder. His large hand wrapped around my throat and he chuckled as if he were drunk. 
 I kicked and screamed, but he raised me into the air, into the glint of the moonlight, his rotting teeth pressed together in a smile as he began to squeeze my neck. 
 I began to suffocate. This wasn't a play fight. This wasn't like a fight with your cousin or brother. No, this was a real fight. My eyes began to water, the trees began to sway and blur. My hands brushed my waist, and something pricked my wrist.
 The dagger!
 As the zombie continued to mercilessly crush my neck, I unsheathed the dagger slowly and stabbed him madly in the arm, in the chest, in the gut—anywhere to get his grubby hands off my neck.
  The zombie roared in agony and threw me against the ground. I slammed against a tree, the dagger spinning from my hands. While the zombie was thrashing and roaring, calling his brethren, I scrambled to grab the blade. I crept behind him, and just as he was about to turn, I sliced the dagger clear through his neck. Blood splattered over me and I stumbled back, but the zombie stiffened, and with a final dying roar, he disintegrated into ashes by my feet.
 My heart pumped madly and I stood cautiously, gripping the tree behind me for support. Blood was sticking all over my skin, all over my face, but I didn't care. I leaned back against the tree, sheathing the dagger once more. My legs ached and my head pounded, but knowing that I had just killed a zombie without any help gave me hope for my future. Hope that I could survive this apocalypse.
 "Nova! Nova are you okay!" My friends stumbled out of the thickets, all of them cut and tired, but not as bloodied as I was. I smiled wearily at them.
 "Yeah, I'm okay now," I replied. 
Adrian ran up to me, his hands gripping my elbows. His eyes traveled around my body, searching for any large wounds or broken bones. When he found none, he sighed and pulled me against him.
 "You scared the shit out of me with your scream, Nova." He sighed. 
 I chuckled. "Well...I did just get attacked by a hulking zombie." 
 Chris studied the pile of ashes the zombie left. "You killed him?" He asked.
 "No. He just decided to leave Nova be and find someone else to eat." Isabelle snapped. "Of course, she killed him!" 
 Chris grumbled. "It was a rhetorical question."
  Isabelle shrugged. "Didn't seem like one to me."
 "If you both are done arguing like spoiled children." Adrian cut in, "We should be moving forward. It's still dark, and we need to get at least an hour of rest."
 "Why? We're all awake now. Why don't we save time and start trekking to the land-bridge?" I asked.
  Adrian glanced up at the moon. "I wish we knew the time." He mumbled.
  Isabelle fished her phone from her pocket, a miracle of miracles that she still had it with her.
 "It's almost four in the morning." She replied after a while. 
 My eyebrows rose in disbelief. "How do you still have data?" I asked.
  She shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe the zombies haven't destroyed the power lines yet?" 
 Adrian nodded. "That's a good thing, then. We'll be able to utilize the internet and the news for now. Who else has an available phone?"
  I reached into my pocket, clicking my phone on. The screen blinked and flashed with energy. "I do." 
 Adrian pressed the phone back into my pocket. "Keep it safe. We'll need it later." He said. He looked around. "Where are we?"
 "I was hoping you'd know that," I replied sheepishly. 
 Adrian frowned. "We ran north, so if we walk west, we should get back on the path. It'll be longer, but at least we'll be able to make it to the land-bridge."
 "You said that there were two land-bridges. Why not take the other one?" Chris asked.
 "If we take the other bridge, we'll have to pass the Hangman's grove, and after the zombies, I'd rather not meet the Hangman up close and personal," Adrian said with a shiver. 
 "I agree. I'd rather not meet some immortal zombie right now." I added. Isabelle agreed, and Chris was forced to concede to Adrian's original plan. 
 "Okay." He said. "But first let's clean up. There's a stream up by the cliffs. We can wash up and relax for a while, then begin trekking back."
 "Okay," Adrian said. Isabelle and I both nodded our heads, and we began to walk deeper into the dangerous, foreign forest. Adrian stayed by me, a hand on my back directing me over roots and above rocks. My toes were sore and my ankles and side ached, but I kept walking. Every now and then, a roar would echo throughout the forest, rattling the trees and putting all our bodies on alert. 
 "Do you think the zombies figured out how to make rafts?" Isabelle whispered. 
 "Maybe. Or maybe they piggybacked here." I suggested. I jumped onto a rock and jumped again to land on the soft mud. 
 "Now that's a funny vision," Adrian commented with a snort.
  Chris scowled. "Seriously? Again, with the joking?"
  Isabelle clenched her jaw.  "Well, what would you like us to do? Brood and mope like you? Start planning our burials?" 
 "Yes, I very much would, if it would get you to shut up." Chris snapped back.
  I rolled my eyes.  "Here we go again," I whispered to Adrian. 
 He sighed. "Tell me about it." He raised his arms over his head to stretch and groaned. "Damn, I'm so sore!" 
 I scoffed. "Please? You? Sore? From all those sports you play, you're sore from a little running and killing?" 
 Adrian smirked. "Sports don't include a life or death field." He countered. "Besides, it's not as bad as chopping firewood with my dad." 
 I winced. "Ooh. How did that go?" 
 Adrian shrugged. "Depends on how you define 'good'. For me, it was moderate. My brothers were the ones cutting the trees down, and my dad and I would chop them."
 "No sisters?"
 "No. Just brothers."
 "You never wanted one?"
 "Oh, I always wanted a sister. But my parents had their fill of children. So, I'm stuck with brothers."
 "Do you mind it?"
 "Nah, not really. My brothers and I are chill with each other. We help each other out."
 "Oh. Do they work?"
 "Yeah. Lumberjacks."
 "Wow. Stereotype much?" 
 Adrian laughed. "If you mean that they're hulking, incredibly hot figures sweating under the sun with plaid shirts and jeans, then yes. My brother's do fit that stereotype."
  I giggled and pushed a leaf out of my face, swatting a mosquito.
 "Are they married?"
 "No, but they are dating, which leaves all the pressure on me to marry." Adrian scoffed. "The youngest boy. No responsibilities whatsoever."
 "What do you want to do?" I asked. 
 Adrian shrugged. "Maybe a model."
  I sighed. "You sure have the looks for that," I mumbled dreamily. 
 Adrian smirked. "Why, thank you." He said. 
 I froze.
 "O-Oh...uh...you're welcome!" I stuttered. 
 Adrian laughed. "You're cute when you're embarrassed, Nova." He mentioned. My heart did back-flips and I was going to compliment him back when Isabelle's voice rose.
 "Hey guys, look!" She was pointing to the glow of her screen; on some news website she was browsing. Chris walked backward to complete our circle.
 "What?" I asked. Isabelle put her phone in the middle of the circle, and I realized we were watching a broadcast from CNN. It showed our tiny town of East Avery... in ruins! Shops were broken and doors were ripped. Carcasses were strewn all over the roads and it looked as if the Boston Massacre had recreated itself in our rural town. 
 "What?!" Chris's outburst drowned whatever the news reporter was saying. "How did they get there so quickly?" 
 Adrian looked equally as shocked. "I-I don't know. Are zombies known for being fast?"
  I swallowed. "No... Not that I know of." 
 Chris held his hand up. "Okay, now we know we have to get to town, and fast." He said. "Which means, we need to pick up our pace."
 "But we can't travel 24/7," Isabelle argued. "We need to stop, to eat, to sleep. Like it or not, we can't walk for the rest of our lives. God forbid there's another attack of zombies, then what? We'd already be zombies from the lack of sleep and it'd be easier for them to chow down on us!"
 "She's right, Chris." Adrian agreed. "We can't walk forever. We need to pause and rest. At least to eat and sleep—!"
"—And use the bathroom!" I added, beginning to squirm.
  Adrian chuckled. "Yes, and to use the bathroom." 
 I think he thought I was joking, or adding on to the list of why we should pause until I actually began to do the bathroom dance.
 "C'mon Nova." Isabelle led me to a brush to relieve myself, and soon, we were all using the wilderness bathroom. Not the best, but doable for the time being. Up until I could actually sit on the toilet again. 
 I winced. "Do we still have any bandages? That zombie nailed me on the waist." I asked. 
 Adrian's eyes widened, and he hastened to pry the first aid kit from his bag. Chris was mapping our trail, hopefully not with breadcrumbs, and Isabelle was reading up more on the zombie apocalypse in towns by East Avery.
"He nailed you good, huh?" Adrian asked. He pressed the disinfectant onto my wound, and I hissed.
 "Yeah..." I grated. "H-He did." I reached for something to grab on, and Adrian slipped his hand in mine. I looked up at him with wide eyes.
 "Here. I know how much this hurts." He said. 
 I gave him a thankful smile, too pained to speak, and squeezed the life out of his hand, and I would know. Everyone tells me I squeeze hard, but Adrian didn't even flinch. His large, calloused hand remained firm in mine as he wrapped the bandages gently over my skin. I had gotten used to his touch by now. Used to the cold feeling of his fingertips and the prickles of excitement that coil around me whenever he touched me for too long.
 "It's almost seven. Should we begin to look for breakfast?" Isabelle asked. Adrian looked up at the sky, where the sun was beginning to peek from the clouds and the moon was shrinking back.
 "Depends. Who's hungry?" 
 Isabelle, Adrian, and I all raised our hands. Chris didn't.
 "C'mon, Chris. Don't tell me you're fasting already! We haven't even started day two yet!" Adrian teased. 
 Chris scowled. "When you all die and become zombies, then I'll gladly chop your heads off." He snipped, but still raised his hand. 
 Adrian grinned. "Thought so." He mumbled smugly. With the morning light now shining on us, beads of sweat dripping on our necks, we began to make our way to the stream Chris had mentioned.
 The stream was the first beautiful thing I had seen ever since the whole zombie attack. It was a small waterfall leading to a stream, with lush trees and beautiful, glistening rocks. Tiny fishes swarmed around the water and flat rocks that could easily make benches sat by the deep end of the water. I kicked my sneakers off.
 "I just want to jump in and clean up!" I sighed.
  Isabelle sucked her teeth. "Might want to resist showering until we can find a home to borrow clothes from." She said. She laid her boots by my sneakers and tested the water with her toe. Once it was to her satisfaction, she waded in, lifting her skirt above her knees. I caught Chris's eye, and I was sure I caught him looking at her as she waded, but when he caught my eye, he scowled and quickly turned. 
 "What day is it today?" I asked suddenly. Adrian, who had stripped himself of his shirt, came up to me with a smile.
 "It's the week before August. Why? Think the zombies will freeze up in the winter?" He asked. 
 I sighed. "Gods I wish," I admitted. He offered his hand, and I took it, both of us wading into the water by Isabelle. I let out a relieved sigh.
 "This feels good. So nice and cold." I said. Adrian dipped his hands into the water, then smeared them all over his chest, droplets dripping down his toned muscles.
 "Yeah, it does." He said. Only Chris remained on shore, nose in a book again. I sent a wave of water towards him, splashing against his feet. He glared at me.
 "Watch it! We need this book to survive!" He scolded, raising the book above his head.
  Adrian rolled his eyes. "What book is it? 'Perfect comebacks utterly useless when flirting?'" He asked. Adrian and I began to laugh, and Chris scowled.
 "When you all eat poison berry, then we'll see who's laughing." He grumbled. Adrian splashed him and Chris screamed, a very high pitch scream, raising his book higher.
 "Loosen up, Chris. If we're going to die, which we are not,  might as well have fun before, right?" He asked. 
 Chris sniffed. "Yes, well, you can die. I'm surviving this hellhole, no matter what." He said.
  I sighed. "Is he always like this?" I asked.
  Adrian shrugged. "Only on weekdays." He said. We waded back onto dry land and shared a towel to dry ourselves off. Isabelle came out last, so she mostly had a wet towel to dry off with. Chris joined us from his self-isolation when we had just about finished getting ready.
 "Whilst you were all playing." Chris began, pointedly looking at Adrian and I "I was searching the main roads of the mountain and discovered a hunter's shop not far from here."
 "By 'not far', do you mean a walk in the park? Or do you mean a hike through the forests for the rest of the day?" Isabelle asked. 
 Chris scowled. "I mean a walk off the path for the rest of the day. We can take a few things and scram to a nearby abandoned house."
  Isabelle groaned. "We can't just stay in the hunter's house?" She asked.
 "No, because it is lived in by said hunter. Any other stupid questions?" 
 Isabelle glared at him and I covered my mouth to keep from laughing. Adrian snorted and clapped Chris on the back.
 "Nah, I think we're good." He said. He slung the backpack on his shoulders and handed me the cleaned dagger.
 "I have one, and it isn't stupid!" Isabelle yelled indignantly.
  Chris sighed. "I'm not sure I want to know, but go ahead." He said.
  Isabelle frowned. "How many more days approximately until we reach the land-bridge?" She asked. 
 "I should've known." Chris groaned. "What do I look like to you? Hm? A calendar?"
  Isabelle grimaced.
 "Would you knock it off, Chris? She's only curious!" I snapped.
  Chris rolled his eyes. "Fine. Including the zombie cut-offs and the amount of walking we'll have to do, I'd say we'll reach the land-bridge by the end of summer, at least."
 "At most?" I asked. 
 Chris shivered, pushing his glasses up.
 "At most, we're dead."
















Chapter 7
 "Ugh." I swatted my neck, something hard slapping against my muddy palm. I hoped that it was the mosquito trying to suck my blood, but unfortunately, I came back with an empty hand.
 "Damn it! Should've snatched when I had the chance." I muttered. I strayed to the back of the group, my mind on alert. Now that the zombies had already reached the stretch of Hangman's Mountain, I wasn't taking any chances on a zombie magically appearing from the trees and snapping my neck in two.
 The path we were taking wasn't even a path. It was more like a graveyard for fallen trees and a feasting ground for tiny insects and bugs. I couldn't even keep track of how many maggots and bugs I had crushed underneath my tearing sneakers.
 It had only been two days, but already it was feeling like months. July was almost over, and August was just in the home stretch. The weather would be cooling, the heat fading. The night would reign over the day and the leaves would no longer serve us an asylum from the zombie hordes. Each of us thought about a different topic in our head, but our main thoughts traveled around survival. We knew at one point that it would come down to a final fight, and we knew not everyone would make it out alive. That made me anxious. Knowing that Adrian or Isabelle, and even Chris could die scared me. 
 I didn't understand fully why I was scared. If they were dead, then that meant that I'd have all the supplies to myself. All the food at my disposal. All the clothes to pick and choose from, rather than the oversized baby pink shirt that went well past my knees. 
  I wished at that time that I had a mirror, just so I could see what I looked like. I had already ripped two grey strands of hair from my bangs earlier this morning, and I could feel more of them sprouting on my hair. 
 From my original ponytail, I now had a waterfall of brown, tangled locks streaming down my back. My eyes felt tired and dull, and I could feel my energy fading. My mind was drawing up blanks on how to survive this apocalypse, and a few times I felt like giving up on surviving this all together. 
 Actually, I wasn't the only person who had changed. Adrian, once excited and jubilant to get started on this new adventure, now sagged with the lack of sleep and his stomach had rumbled plenty throughout our nightly adventure. His feet dragged along the mud and wet dirt climbed up his jeans, which were already dirty and ripped.
 Isabelle trotted like a horse too lazy to gallop. Her hair, though I wouldn't tell her, was a disaster and her clothes were in shreds. She, just like everyone else on this cruise, lacked the sleep we so desperately needed and looked like a zombie herself.
 Only Chris seemed to be exuberant about this trek, which was ironic. He hadn't stopped once he'd figured out that there was a supply shed and an abandoned house somewhere along the trail. He'd gloated to us, of course, but who were we to point fingers? He was smart. He'd figured out something we hadn't, and we were just too tired to argue back. 
  "How much farther, Chris? My legs feel like breaking!" I complained. 
 I heard Chris scoff. "You think that you're the only one here with sore feet? My toes are killing me!" He said. "But does anyone worry about that? No! They all worry about their own personal affairs! Not about their poor friend who's leading this whole expedition!" 
 "Excuse me?" Isabelle snapped. "Who made you the leader of this troupe? Adrian was the one who helped us escape the first day. He should be the one leading! And since when are we your friends?"
 "Since yesterday, much to my chagrin," Chris muttered. "And if you have nothing polite to say, you can shut it or you'll be the next one with the zombies!" 
 "Me?" Isabelle scoffed. "Yeah, good luck with that, buddy. You won't be touching an inch of this skin of mine!"
 "That does not even logically make sense!"
 "Says who?"
 "Says me! The genius here!"
 "Who elected wimpy you as the genius of this batch?"
 "Uh, I did? And I even made nicknames for the lot of you."
 "Oh, and what would I be?"
 "The annoying bitch."
 "Shut the fuck up, Chris!"
 "Make me."
 "For the love of God! Please shut the fuck up or I'll hand you to the zombies with shiny wrapping paper and a bow!" Adrian roared. Both Isabelle and Chris froze, then each pointed a finger at the opposite.
 "It's her/his fault!" They screeched simultaneously. They glared at each other. "Stop copying me! No! You stop!"
 "Oh, for the love of—!" I snatched the map from Chris's hands and scanned the page. The sodden, almost completely blank page.
 "Chris...?" I drawled, trying hard not to show the fury hidden underneath my tongue. It was very difficult, though. What with the lack of sleep and food we had suffered the past few days.
 Chris gulped. "W-What?" He asked. Then, he changed his mind. "A-Actually, I don't want to know!" He scurried to the back of the group, and Isabelle curiously followed him. 
 I sighed in fatigue and dropped the map on the ground. Guess we were taking a break. 
 "Are you okay, Nova?" Adrian walked up to me. He picked the map up from the ground and shook the dirt and ants crawling on the yellow parchment. 
 I shook my head. "I'm...okay. I guess. Just tired." Adrian raised a disbelieving eyebrow. "Really! I'm fine!"
 "Just making sure." He assured. He folded the paper and looked behind his back. Isabelle and Chris were head-butting by the cliffs where they could easily fall to their deaths.
 "I don't think any of them are the genius' here." I giggled. 
 Adrian shook his head with a chuckle and a sigh.
 "Nah. Chris is smart, book-wise. Isabelle is also smart, but she's street-smart."
 "You caught all that from almost three days?" I gaped. "Wow!" 
 Adrian flushed and he scratched the back of his neck.
 "Not...exactly. I had noticed their behaviors when I would sit in the back of Mrs. Lockhart's language arts classes." He explained. "Isabelle was more open and carefree with her speech and word-choice, while Chris was more reserved and quieter."
  I nodded. "That's true. When I first moved to East Avery, after my Da—-!" I cut off. "—After something happened to my Dad, I wasn't exactly the most welcomed person here. They thought I was weird for being...for being..."
 "For being mixed race?" Adrian filled in quietly. I nodded, slapping another mosquito.
 "Yeah, for being mixed race," I repeated softly. "Isabelle was the only person in the school who accepted me for being mixed. She didn't care what race I was. She just walked up to me one day and bluntly told me that we were best friends." I chuckled. "At first, I thought she was just shitting me until I found her waiting patiently for me the next day at the school doors."
 "Wow. Never thought Isabelle could be the mature type." I jammed my elbow in Adrian's gut, and he choked on a laugh. "What? It's true. She was so brash to me I wondered if you were bullied into being her friend!" I laughed, and my laugh soon turned into a sigh.
 "Yeah...No. She didn't bully me one bit. In fact, she stood up for me until I learned how to do it myself." I said. 
 "Were you bullied for your race?"
 "Yes. And the fact that I had two moms and zero dads." I said. 
 Adrian whistled. "Wow. That's just a low blow." He said. 
 I shrugged. "They didn't care. Their parents were part of that shitty Mexican group that only believes in 'perfect' families with a daddy, a mommy, and a baby boy and girl and puppy." I explained bitterly. 
 Adrian's hand squeezed my shoulder gently. "Hey, it doesn't matter to any of us. Especially not to me."
 "Why?"
 "My brother, Lucas, he's gay. So is my mom's brother. Sexuality is nothing important in my family. Only love is." Adrian looked at me, and it was as if he had captured my eyes in his. His gaze was firm on mine, as if he were speaking about me in a way that I didn't understand.
  I blushed and reached up to tuck a strand of my hair away, as they do in movies, but I ended up slapping my neck again in irritation.
 "Gah! These damn mosquitos!" I snapped, annoyed. Adrian grimaced and slapped his muscular arm.
 "You're telling me!" He grumbled. He looked at the squabbling duo behind us again, with Isabelle close to pushing Chris off of the cliff.
 "Isabelle. Chris." Adrian called, as if he were bored just saying their names. “Let’s keep going, kids! Don't want to be late for our reservation!" 
 I laughed. "What?" I asked. 
 Adrian shrugged with a wink. "Might as well tease them while we're at it. Besides, they're acting like children!" He defended. 
 I heard Isabelle squawk in indigence, and Chris promptly slapped her on the back of her head, claiming there was a mosquito. 
 "What race are you of, if I may ask?" Adrian asked after a couple of moments.
  I hummed. "My mother is Spanish, and my...my father was Syrian. I was nicknamed 'the terrorist' because of my father's ethnicity." I shuddered. "That's why we moved to East Avery. To start over, especially after mom fell in love with Camilla."
 "Who was Camilla to her?"
 "They were business associates from Mom's new job. Camilla was the boss and took an interest in my Mom. Neither of them was lesbian until they met each other."
 "Oh. Was it a scandal like in the movies?" 
 Adrian and I both chuckled.
 "Not exactly. Many in Mom's office approved of her relationship with Camilla because apparently, she made Camilla a softer boss. Garret and I, on the other hand, didn't react as well." I grimaced, recollections of our reaction to Camilla filling inside my mind.
 "Why? What happened?" Adrian asked, sounding partly amused and partly curious.
  I smiled. "Garret and I were both upset because we felt like she was cheating on Dad. I remember we didn't talk to her for a month." I chuckled ruefully. "I even remember writing a letter to my Mom, saying that I hated her with my life." 
 Adrian hissed and slapped his hand. "Ooh. Not the best move." 
 "Yeah. She cried a lot, but when we got to know Camilla, we realized she wasn't as bad as we thought she was going to be. She was actually really nice and—!"
 "Uh...guys?" 
 We turned, and both Isabelle and Chris were looking up at the sky with frightened expressions on their faces. 
 "What?" I asked. "What is it?" I looked up at the sky, only seeing the pink clouds, the setting sun, and the twinkling green stars.
 Wait...twinkling green stars?
 I nearly leaped out of my skin, my head snapping up back at the sky. The green stars looked closer now. And they began to buzz. Loudly. 
 "Um...I don't think stars buzz." Isabelle stuttered, shrinking back. I looked at Adrian, and he was pinching his eyes at them, trying to get a better look. Suddenly, his dark green eyes widened and he scrambled back, making his way into the deeper thickets of the jungle.
"Zombie mosquitoes! Run!" He screamed. 
 I yelped, and in a flash, we were all running after Adrian, screaming and ripping branches aside as if they were pieces of paper.
 "Dude! Zombie flies?! Really? Fucking really?!" Chris cried! He tripped over a root, and Isabelle, shockingly enough, grabbed his arm and hoisted him up as she ran, clapping him roughly on the back.
 "Now's not the time to play the damsel in distress, Chris!" She shrieked.
  I couldn't help but chuckle, even if the buzz (now roar) of the zombie flies overlapped my voice. They began to swarm violently around us, creating a tornado. Occasionally, I felt my feet lift from the ground, but when it did, I would grab the nearest branch and swat the flies away. I could feel them sucking my blood, drinking to their heart's content.
 "Keep running or else they'll suck you dry!" Adrian yelled. How he had any idea what they could do, I had no clue. I didn't question him, though. He led our line, thus creating a clearer path for us to follow. I tried to keep pace with him, jumping exactly where he jumped, diving exactly where he dove.
"Where are we going?!" Chris yelled from the back of the group. 
 "I don't know yet! Keep moving!" Adrian replied with a yelp. I, momentarily distracted by the swarming, buzzing tunnel forming above us, didn't notice a slippery rock. I slipped, falling onto Adrian. We both began to tumble down, our heads clashing against rocks and dirt and trees.
 "Adrian! Nova!" We heard Isabelle cry, but she was too far from us. We both screamed as our ball decided to increase its speed.
 "We're not going to stop!" I screeched. Adrian frowned.
 "Hold on!" He ordered. We zipped past a large-leafed tree, from which Adrian grabbed a large leaf big enough to hold two people. 
 I ducked, a tiny group of mosquito's diving at me. The buzzing vibrated in my ear and I didn't know where to look.
 Everywhere I looked they were there. Their almost snapped necks, their green eyes, and drooling mouths. Their disgusting, grubby hands and slimy bodies. I clung to Adrian, sometimes glancing back to what he was doing as we tumbled. Chris and Isabelle were nowhere in sight.
 "Adrian! What the hell are you doing!" I screamed. Adrian grunted, and suddenly, I was lifted into the air again, but not by the mosquitoes.
 "Adrian!" I cried. Adrian grinned, then jumped, still holding me, and slipped the large leaf underneath his feet. He set me down next to him, still holding me while we surfed down the slope. I gaped.
 "W-Wow!" Adrian grinned.
 "Cool, isn't it?" He asked over the roar of the mosquito's still chasing us.
  I smiled whilst slapping one away. "Awesome!" Adrian grabbed a nearby spider web and I screamed.
 "Adrian!" 
 Adrian still held me firmly, and without saying anything, he held the spider web up above him, where the tornado of mosquitoes was. There was a screech, and I grimaced, gripping Adrian's shirt. 
 "Nova, look!" Adrian prodded in surprise. I looked up, and all the mosquitoes were getting caught on the webbing!
 "Wait. Here!" I fished a lighter out of my pocket. I had found it by the river this morning, and I handed it to Adrian with a knowing smile. He smirked and swerved past a boulder with his feet while lighting the web. The mosquito's, like all bugs that were attracted to light, burned with a satisfying hiss as night fell over Hangman's Mountain.  We were still soaring over boulders and roots on Adrian's leaf, but at least the majority of the mosquitoes were gone. The smarter ones had left us once they saw the fire, their petty little screeches leaving my ears.
 "We did it!" I exclaimed. Adrian chuckled and swerved past a tree. His arm around my waist tightened, and I found myself suddenly eye to eye with him.
 "We did." He murmured. I stared for a moment, then, realizing our current situation, and how easily we were sliding down the slope, I blushed.
 "Um, sorry for falling onto you." I apologized. Adrian grabbed a branch and pulled all his weight back. He jumped off the leaf board and we both watched it slide away. 
 "No need to apologize, Nova. That was the best fun I'd had in years!" He said. He ruffled his black hair, green eyes now alight with energy.
  I giggled. "No, really?" 
 He nodded. "Hell yeah! Surfboarding on the dirt on an over-sized leaf? Count me in!" 
 "Where are we though?" I asked, sobering. "Where are Isabelle and Chris?" 
 Adrian hummed. "They should still be up the mountain. Let's go—!" 
 But Adrian was cut off by a scream, a loud, ear-shattering scream that could only come from one person.
 "Chris!" We both exclaimed in worry. Adrian made a step to begin to climb back up the mountain, but a large shadow of a leaf came barreling into us before we could even move! We all tumbled further down the mountain, groans, and, yelps, along with misplaced hands and arms echoing in the forest.
 "Ugh!" I groaned when we finally stopped. "Get off of me!"
  Isabelle squeaked. "Sorry, Nova!" She hastily got to her feet, and with a moan of pain, Adrian and Chris both got up. Now, we were all covered in dirt and grime and sweat, leaves sticking out of our hair. 
 "What the hell? Do you not know how to steer a skateboard?" Adrian snapped. Chris rolled his eyes.
 "It was the annoying bitch's idea, not mine." He said, brushing the dirt from his clothes. 
 Isabelle hmphed. "I'm not even going to talk to you anymore." She decided stubbornly.
 "Finally!" Chris sighed with an expaturated sigh. Isabelle looked slightly hurt, as if she'd been hoping he'd beg her not to do so.
 "Guys! Look!" Adrian suddenly exclaimed. He gestured for us to follow him through a large brush of heavy leaves, and when we came to a clearing, a large, open hunting house stood in our view, practically begging us to rob it. I licked my lips.
 "Is that...?"
 "The hunting house?" Chris filled in proudly. "Why yes, yes, it is." 
 Adrian socked him in the gut. "Shut the fuck up, dude! Someone could hear you!"
 Chris rubbed his gut and grumbled under his breath. 
 "It doesn't look like anybody is there." Isabelle hummed. I took a deep breath and looked up at the sky, and the beautiful moon that reigned over the night and her subject of stars.
 "Let's go. We grab some things and get the fuck outta there as fast as we can. How hard can that be?"
 "I'll go with you," Adrian said. "Isabelle. Chris, keep watch."
  Chris grumbled again, but Isabelle eagerly nodded.
 "Okay!" 
 I rolled my eyes fondly and Adrian grabbed my hand, leading me to the house. 
It was a small hut made of wood, not even big enough to be a cabin. The door was wide open, inviting us in. I was a bit apprehensive, seeing as we barely had any money, but Adrian and I snuck inside anyway.
 The walls were covered with different types of hunting gear and clothes and other camping things. Adrian grabbed a few weapons and hooks, while I took some pots and pans and some clothes to wear. As I was stuffing them away, I caught Adrian looked intently at a white filter.
 "We need a filter, right? Just in case we run out of bottled water?" 
 Adrian nodded quietly and tossed me the filter, which jumped in my hands before I was able to catch it and put it away. The floorboards creaked and moaned, but I kept reassuring myself that it was just the wind. 
 Suddenly we heard Isabelle hissing at us, trying to say something. Adrian, who must've read her lips, pushed me behind the counter just as heavy footsteps pounded on the boards.
 "Zombie?" I whispered. 
 Adrian shook his head. "No. Shopkeeper."
  I groaned quietly and smacked my palm to my forehead. Seriously? Now? The shopkeeper hummed a jaunty tune to himself as he walked around his shop, adding new things and taking quick glances at others. My heart-beat haphazardly and I began to sweat. What would happen if he caught us? Would he simply let us go? Or would we have to run for our lives?
 "Nova." Adrian hissed. I looked at him, then up to where he was pointing. There was an open window from which moonlight was streaming. He made some silly hand motions, then with a quick shove, he pushed me out of the window. I hastily got up, Isabelle and Chris joining me, just as Adrian's hands came out from the window. Then, there was a sudden clash of pots, and I heard the shopkeeper roar yell.
 "Shit." I cursed. I grabbed Adrian's hands and pulled him out just as the shopkeeper poked his head from the window. We made a run for it before he could get to his pudgy feet, him continuing to scream curses at us. 
 "What the hell did you do?" I scolded as we ran back up the slopes. Adrian swerved right, into the deeper forest (as deep as the forest could go) and shrugged.
 "I may have accidentally knocked over his lamp while climbing out." He admitted. I jumped over a root and ducked.
 "Seriously? Do you have to be so overt about everything?" I snapped.
  Adrian feigned hurt. "You wound me. I was the best at hide and seek in my youth." He teased.
 "Could've fooled me," Chris muttered. 
 We kept running into the night, jumping and ducking and looking back every now and then. Before, I couldn't have sprinted like this, but now, it was like a walk in the park. I easily kept my spot in the front of the line, if not, with Adrian at my heel. And I would've kept running, had a sight before my eyes not stopped me. I paused, and my body jolted with each body that slammed into me. 
 "What the hell? Why did you stop, Nova?" Chris asked, rubbing his head. I gaped, too in awe to answer.
 "Nova?" Adrian came to my side, and he too seemed entranced.
 "What? What is it?" Isabelle whined. 
 I licked my dry lips. "The mansion...a warm bed!" 
 For the first time that day, I felt happy! I felt excited about something good!
 A house! A bed! A good meal!
 Maybe things were turning around after all.


Chapter 8
 The mansion was just like any stereotypical haunted mansion you'd see in a horror movie. The windows were broken and the door was made of rotting wood. The roof shingles were falling piece by piece and the spiderwebs were the only sliver of decoration on the large house.
We approached cautiously, every twig snap met with a flinch. Adrian tested the boards with his feet, and once he was sure they weren't rotting like the door, he gestured for us to follow him up the steps. I stayed a good distance behind him, making sure he'd be the first solid thing I'd grab in case something happened to us.
 "Hurry up and open the door dude! It's cold!" Chris hissed. 
 Adrian swirled on his toes, raising an eyebrow. "Cold? At the end of July?" He asked.
 "To be fair, August begins tomorrow," Isabelle said quietly. We ignored her.
 "Okay, so it's chilly. Happy? Now open the goddamned door." Chris snapped. He rubbed his arms with his hands and blew on them. 
 I rolled my eyes. "It's not that cold, Chris. And if you are cold, then grab a jacket." I began to reach into my backpack, but Chris stopped me.
 "Nah... Leave it, Nova." He smiled. "I'm okay."
  I shrugged. "If you're sure," I replied. I caught Isabelle glaring at me, even though I didn't know why. Adrian jiggled the doorknob, and when he turned, the knob was in his hands.
 "Well, guess we'll have to find other means to get inside." He said, sucking his teeth.
  Chris sighed. "Was it locked already?" He asked. 
 "Yeah."
 "Damn. I could've picked the lock." Chris hissed. 
 I paused. "Wait, if it's locked, then does that mean someone lives here?" Everyone looked at me as if I were crazy. "No! Think about it! If the door is locked, then shouldn't someone be staying here?"
 "She's got a point," Isabelle spoke up. "Nobody would lock an abandoned mansion. What would be the point of locking it?"
 "Keep intruders away?" Adrian suggested. 
 "Either way, we have to find a way to get in. I am not sleeping on the dirt again." I said firmly.  
 Chris muttered under his breath: "Women. They're all so picky." 
 I glared at him. "What did you say?"
  He backtracked, looking sheepish. "Ah—Nothing! Nothing at all!" 
 Isabelle gaped at me. "How do you get him to do that?" She hissed at me. 
"Do what?"
 "Apologize! Backtrack! All he does with me is argue." She bent her head. "Is this hopeless?"
  I put my hands on her shoulders. "No. Hope is not lost, Isabelle! Just try and be nice to him." I said. 
 Isabelle wrinkled her nose. "Are you kidding? With his attitude? That's nearly impossible!"
  I smiled. "Nearly." I pointed out. "You'll get there, just be patient with him." I bit my lip as I spoke, because all the while, Chris's words echoed in the back of my head.
 I don't like her! He'd said. Tell her I don't like her.
  I didn't want to break the news to Isabelle, but if I knew Chris didn't reciprocate her feelings, then why did I encourage her to go after him?
 "Okay." Adrian broke the silence. "It's getting late, and we can't all be loitering in the same place. We need to get in, but we also need food to eat for today. Who wants what?"
 "I call dibs on food!" Isabelle shouted, raising her hand. 
 Chris sneered. "I'll join her, I guess. I'd rather do that than get splinters." He said. Isabelle squealed, and Chris looked like he was regretting his decision. Adrian tossed Isabelle a basket and Chris a knife.
 "If anything happens, yell. Isabelle, you have your phone on you?"
 "Yeah." Isabelle held the compact up. 
 Adrian nodded. "Good. If anything, yell or call Nova. We'll come to help you." 
 Isabelle nodded, and she grabbed Chris's hand and began to pull him into the forests. Chris pouted, but Adrian didn't even glance back at him. He was looking up the height of the house, mumbling to himself.
 "Adrian?"
 "Hm?"
 "How are we supposed to get in?"
 "That's what I'm wondering," Adrian replied. I stood next to him.
 "Is there any window we can break?" I suggested. 
 "Maybe. But they're too high to scale. We'd need to find a smaller window." Adrian explained. 
 "Oh..."
  I walked to a small trench by the house, leaving Adrian to his devices. I was tired, so I decided to look through CNN, see if there was anything about East Avery.
 To my surprise, once the screen loaded, the CNN anchor began to speak rapidly and I hardly made out any of the words he was saying until I saw a zombie loom behind him. Eyes wide with fear and surprise, I scrolled through the comments, searching for the place. What I saw shocked me to the core.
 PLACE: PARIS, FRANCE
"Adrian!" I shrieked. "Adrian! Look!" 
 Adrian was by my side in a flash, looking worried.
 "What? What is it?" He asked. 
 My heart beating a mile a minute, I turned my cracked screen so he could see. He squinted briefly from the glare, but I knew he'd seen what I'd seen when his eyes widened.
 "Paris?! As in, Paris, France?!" He exclaimed.
  I nodded. "Yes! How did they travel that fast?" I asked. 
 Adrian shook his head. "I... I don't know!' He ran a hand through his hair. "But we don't have time to worry about that. The government can worry about them. What we need right now, is to survive. Come help me look for a window to smash." 
 Reluctantly, I stuffed my phone into my backpack and trudged back to the large mansion behind Adrian. 
 We walked to the back of the house, where a couple of logs of rotting firewood rested. We moved the logs aside and removed a couple of planks concealing a rusty metal door. I swept the excess dirt from my face.
 "I'm not sure this is inhabited anymore," I mumbled. "I mean, who would keep rotting wood here?" 
 Adrian shrugged. "Possibly. But, hey, zombies exist. You never know what will happen next." He said. Sweat coated his forehead and shirt, so I pulled a clean one out of my backpack, handing it to him.
 "Here. It's a tank-top, but it's better than a wet shirt." I said. 
 Adrian smiled. "Thanks." He slipped the wet shirt off and pulled the new, dry one on. The cotton soaked up the excess sweat he had, and I averted my head, blushing.
 "Do you think this door is locked too?" I asked.
  Adrian rattled the door handle, sighing. "Yeah, it's locked. Maybe we can pick it, though?" 
 I cocked my hip to the side. "And how do you propose we do that?" I asked. 
 Adrian picked the bag up from the ground and rummaged through it. When he poked his head back up, he was holding a small pocket-knife. My eyebrows rose.
 "Where...did you get these many knives?" I asked. 
  Adrian chuckled nervously. "Found 'em when I was hiking." He explained. He coughed. "But that's beside the point. Point is, we can use these to pick the locks of the door." 
 "Okay. Try it." 
Adrian fitted the tip of the knife carefully into the lock, then began to twist the knob gently. I stood, tapping my foot behind him for a good five minutes before I had enough of waiting. By that point, Chris and Isabelle had already returned, a basket filled with a slab of deer meat and berries. They were bruised, but otherwise okay.
 "Move aside, Prince Charming," I said, bumping my hip into Adrian's for him to stumble aside. I caught the knife in my hands.
 "What are you going to do?" Adrian challenged smugly. 
 I smirked at him. "This."
  I jammed the knife into the hole until all I was holding was the hilt. I twisted the knife sharply, and with a crack and flurry of wood chips, the handle of the door, along with the wood around it, came out stuck right by the hilt of the knife. Isabelle cheered, while Chris and Adrian both looked on, astonished.
 "Keep those mouths open and you'll catch flies." I teased. Adrian slammed his jaw shut and smirked at me, winking.
 "Now that, that was bad-ass." He said. 
 I shrugged. "I am a bad-ass," I replied.
 "And a smart-ass," Chris grumbled with a huff, trudging inside. 
 The door I broke happened to lead into a kitchen, which was a good thing because I was famished.
 "How did you manage to catch a deer?" I asked. I pulled the middle slab out and set it on a chopping board that we washed with lake water.
 "I… don't know, to be honest. I just got scared when I saw its shadow, and I threw the knife on instinct." Isabelle explained.
 "I knew it was a mistake giving you the knife," Chris muttered.
  Adrian slapped his shoulder. "Well, she did catch a big portion of our dinner, dude." He said. 
 Chris huffed.
 "He's just jealous that he didn't get the winning catch." Isabelle flaunted. 
 I giggled. "Light the stove, will you, Miss. America?" I teased. Chris and Adrian chuckled, and Isabelle rolled her eyes.
 "Sure."
  She toyed with the switch for a few moments, then finally, with a couple of bursts of sparks, the stove ignited. I took a pot we'd stolen from the potbellied shopkeeper and set it above the flickering flames. Isabelle and I both chopped the meat together, giving the boys the berries to munch on in the meanwhile.
 Once we'd diced the meat, we let it sizzle for a few minutes on the pan, then handed them out on plates after the pot was cleaned and packed back into our backpacks.
 "Mm... this is delicious." Adrian moaned. 
 Isabelle chewed her meat before speaking. "Tell me about it!" She agreed. 
 Chris picked delicately at his meat. "Eh...I would've preferred chicken." He said. 
 "It's either that or more berries." I offered. 
 Chris stuck his tongue out. "Uh...forget it! I'll take the meat." He said, beginning to chow down.
  I chuckled. "Thought so." The wood creaked, and I glanced up at the floors above me. "Did anyone scout the place?"
 "We did, while you guys were cooking," Adrian said. "There are two rooms, the rest have books or dirty beds." 
 I groaned. "Great. Girls be girls? Boys be boys?" 
 Adrian's feet scuffled against the ground. "Actually, we were thinking about a girl and a boy, just so that we can protect each other." He said. Chris, though he was scowling, nodded.
 "You don't think that we can protect ourselves?" Isabelle snapped. 
 Adrian backtracked. "No! I...I..." he looked at me, speaking softer. "It'll help me sleep better at night, knowing I won't lose another again." 
 My heart panged for him.
 "Just go with it, Isabelle!" I whispered to her. 
 She turned to me with a frown. "What? Why? And prove them right-!" 
 "Do you want two more zombies tomorrow morning?!" I hissed, gesturing to the boys. 
 She grimaced. "Well...no..."
 "Think about them sometimes too! We're all in this together, and Adrian already lost someone!" 
 Isabelle sighed. "Okay." She said, loud enough so the guys could hear her. "We'll split. But you better behave, Chris." 
 Chris scowled. "Oh, don't worry. I'll be on the farthest side of the bed, away from you." He said. he stood and dumped his plate into the sink, flicking his wrist at Isabelle.
 "Follow me," He said mildly.
  Isabelle rose, and I gripped her wrist quickly.
 "Remember, nice," I warned. She rolled her eyes and jerked her wrist from my grasp, nodding, and following Chris down the dark hallway.
 "Should we be heading up too?" Adrian asked.  
 I shrugged and put our plates in the sink. The chairs screeched with the rise of our feet and I scrubbed the dishes, Adrian leaning on the counter-top next to me.
 "In a bit. Where are we trekking to tomorrow?" I asked.
"Well, we can travel a bit more north, minus any interruptions we'll most likely be having," Adrian said. "My hope is that we get to East Avery by the end of August."
 "We have time, though. It's not even August yet," I said.
 "Well, tomorrow starts August. That gives us 31 days, give or take." 
"Assuming we make it." I shivered. 
 Adrian took my hand. "We will make it, Nova." He repeated sternly. I was too tired to argue, so I settled for a sigh. Adrian released my hand, a bittersweet smile on his face.
 "You know, you remind me a lot of her." He said after a while. 
 I looked up. "Who?"
 "Her. You both are adventurous, eager, beautiful." Adrian sighed wistfully. 
 "What happened to her?" I whispered.
  Adrian faltered, and turned away, then looked back at me.
 "We took different paths in life, one where they would never cross again." He murmured.
  I let out a big breath. "I'm sorry, Adrian," I mumbled. Adrian smiled sadly.
 "Don't be. It was a long time ago. I was young and foolish. It—!" His voice cracked. "—It's better this way."

~*~

 After I completed my task of washing the dishes, Adrian led me upstairs to the room we'd be sharing. We had to climb through a small passageway through the inner corners of the walls because the stairs to the top floor of the mansion were rotting.
 The room reminded me of a Victorian mansion's room, which made me wonder whose mansion this was again. The bed was neat and pushed up nicely against the wall. The dresser was in perfect shape, as was the carpet and the bathroom door. It made me wonder why a house as rotting as this one would have a room this beautiful.
 The shower wasn't working, so Adrian and I had been reduced to sponge baths. We had no pajamas, so we slept in the dirty clothes we came in—me in my long, oversized baby purple shirt and muddy stockings, and Adrian in his tank-top and ripped jeans. We curled on opposite sides of the bed, swaddling our bodies in the thick white sheets. Silence reigned over us for a few moments, until Adrian decided to break it.
 "Well...Goodnight, Nova." He mumbled.
  I sighed, burying myself into the pillow. "G'Night, Adrian." 
I thought that was going to be it for the night, but somewhere around four in the morning, I was awakened by someone shaking my shoulder. I groaned, and turned, cracking an eye open. Adrian was looking frantically at me, shaking me awake.
 "Nova! Nova wake up!" He hissed. I snapped awake, sitting up hastily.
 "W-What? What happened?" I asked groggily. Adrian put a finger to his lips, and it was then that I realized that Isabelle and Chris were also looming above me, both looking worried.
 "What is it?" I whispered. 
 Adrian pointed to the bedroom door. "Someone's in here." He hissed. 
 We stayed quiet, and soon, I heard footsteps pounding in the hallway, one person, by the sound of it.
 "Is it a zombie?" Isabelle asked.
 "I don't know," Chris mumbled, too sleepy to make a sarcastic remark. We all sat stiffly on the bed, stiffening more when the footsteps neared our door. The knob began to turn.
 "Get ready..." Adrian hissed, unsheathing his knife. The door creaked open and he got ready to throw the weapon, but something made him pause.
 "Cassidy?" He asked, appalled. We all poked out heads from around him, and true enough, spoiled, self-centered Cassidy stood like a deer in headlights at the threshold of the door. 
 She scowled. "Oh, of course, the only survivors of this shitty apocalypse are you nerds." She hissed. "Well, all except you, Dri-Dri." 
 Chris snorted. "Dri-Dri?" He chortled, looking at Adrian. 
 Adrian scoffed. "Please don't ever call me that again." He muttered.
 "What are you doing here, Cassidy?" I asked. 
 She sneered at me. "I think the better question is, what are you doing here nerd? This is my private house." She snapped.
 "Not so private anymore," Isabelle muttered. I snickered. 
 "We needed a place to stay. The zombies were chasing us." Adrian spoke up. There was a loud crash, and hundreds of moans suddenly filled the house.
 "You mean those zombies?" Cassidy asked, sounding aggravated. "Yeah, I know. They've been trying to chew at my ass for days!"
 I heard the footsteps by the stairs and Adrian leaped out of bed. He yanked Cassidy into the room and slammed the door shut.
 "Couldn't you just have left her outside?" Chris asked. 
 Cassidy glared at him and Adrian ignored him. He pried open a miscolored floorboard and revealed a hidden hatch connecting to the secret passageways. The moans neared.
 "Get in! Quick!" Adrian ordered. He pulled us all in, one by one, and slammed the latch shut above him once he was inside. 
 "Great, now what?" Cassidy complained.
"That's your thank you? After we just saved your sorry ass?" Isabelle snapped. 
 "We're not safe yet, guys," Adrian mumbled. He grabbed the lighter I had snagged from the backpack we'd managed to grab and lit the flame, moving his hand around the walls. Cassidy shivered.
 "Hurry up and get me out of here!" She whined. Chris rolled his eyes and mimicked her with his hands behind her back. We giggled quietly.
 "Here." Adrian waved us over. He opened the door, soot falling from the walls above us. The zombies roared and moaned, their footsteps creating a pounding headache in my head. I groaned.
 "We're almost out, Nova. Hang in there." Adrian consoled. Cassidy scowled at that but thankfully kept quiet. 
 He pounded on the door, and soon, the wood began to snap. Chris joined, and finally, the door broke in half. I covered my face to protect myself from the debris, and when I opened my eyes, hundreds of zombies faced us, their beady eyes reflecting their hunger for brains and blood.
 "Uh oh," Cassidy muttered. Adrian growled. He readied his knife, and I managed to grab a few from the backpack.
 "Create a path," Adrian ordered. "We have to get to the thickets. They won't be able to follow us there." 
 We nodded.
 "Good." 
 With that, Adrian ran headfirst into the hoard, Chris on his tail. Isabelle, Cassidy, and I still stood by the exit to the passage, looking bemusedly at the boys.
 "Should we help them?" Cassidy asked. 
 I sighed, tilting my head and gripping my knife. "Guess we should."
  I ran after the path Adrian took, all the zombie's now looking at us. They were slow fighters, which I was able to use to my advantage. I slammed two of them against each other, their necks snapping. Twirling around, I stabbed one on the gut and kicked a spiny one from his feet, wiping a sheen of sweat from my forehead. 
 "Nice," Adrian spoke from next to me, panting for breath. "But I still think I can do better,"
  I smirked, backhanding a zombie that was about to pounce on him. Adrian looked on, astonished as I wiped my hands. 
 "You were saying?" 
 A scream broke us from our bubble, and we both turned. A zombie had cornered Isabelle and Cassidy, and Chris was too busy distracting the other zombies to help.
 "Go after the girls. I'll help Chris." Adrian ordered.
  I nodded, and then, we were off. I jumped over dead corpses and slashed blindly at the zombies diving at me, surprisingly ecstatic whenever I felt their blood trickle onto my hands. 
 Before the zombie got his grubby hands wrapped around Cassidy's neck, I slashed the blade straight through his neck, his body dissolving to ash and his head lolling to the side before joining his decapitated body.
 "You guys okay?" I asked hurriedly.
  Isabelle nodded, and Cassidy scoffed.
 "You took forever! Why he had time to pick out his seasoning before you came!" She snapped.
  I rolled my eyes. "You're welcome." 
 A tree flew past our heads, slamming against the ground right where the zombie once stood. Adrian and Chris were running to us, a horde of zombies stomping behind them.
 "Head for the forest!" Adrian screamed. 
 I didn't question it. I grabbed Isabelle and Cassidy's hands and began to run, not looking back to see if the boys still followed. I jumped over the roots, sliding over the slippery rocks, and used the vines above my head for monkey bars, knowing that the others followed me. I continued to run, my feet moving on their own accord until I realized I wasn't even running on the ground anymore. My feet ran over a large hole, and suddenly, the air around me formed a suction cup. I felt myself being pulled into the large hole buzzing with purple electricity. 
 "Nova!" Isabelle cried. I couldn't do it. The suction was stronger, pulling not only me but the others as well. I saw Adrian grappling at the ground, Isabelle reaching for a branch, Chris holding onto Adrian's feet, already as deep into the hole as I was. I even saw Cassidy yanking at a vine, holding on to it for dear life.
 That was the last image of my friends before I closed my eyes and let the suction take its control.












Chapter 9
 I could feel my soul leaving my body as I fell.
I didn't know how deep the drop was, or what I was falling down from. All I knew was that we had escaped from the zombie horde and that we were safe...for now.
 I felt like Alice in Wonderland when she was falling from the hole she'd fallen into. I felt as light as air, gravity having full control of the situation. I could vaguely hear Adrian and Isabelle's voices, and I knew that I could definitely hear Chris's high-pitched shrill cry. I would have giggled, but I barely had any energy to move a muscle. I was so tired, I felt like I was ready to give up right now.
 "Nova!" It was from Adrian! I opened my eyes, and he was falling right in front of me, his green orbs fastened on my face. Green orbs full of worry.
 "Stay awake, Nova! We don't know what's here, and I'd rather you not be the first person gone." He said. 
 I heard a snort by my side.
 "Are you kidding? It's better she leaves first." Cassidy sneered.
  I kicked my legs, satisfied when I heard her shriek.
 "That's what you get for mocking me." I snapped. 
 Adrian coughed, though I could tell he was trying not to laugh.
 "Where are we?" Isabelle!
 "And why the fuck are you so close to me?" Chris! Oh, I felt like laughing! We were all here, together!
 "Guys, stay together!" Adrian called.
 "Are you joking? I ain't touching the annoying bitch!" Chris exclaimed. 
 Cassidy snorted.
 "Who are you talking about? Cassidy?" I called. Cassidy's look of smug glee turned into one of satisfying horror and I laughed out loud.
 "Good one, Nova, but I'm talking about the girl who has a fucking death grip on my arm!" Chris yelled into the abyss. 
 Adrian sighed. "Gods, can't you guys shut the hell up for one goddamned minute?" He asked.
 "Nah. Who else will annoy you?" Isabelle asked.
 I looked down, hoping to see some type of landing, but unfortunately, I saw none. 
"Great. Fucking great." I swore. 
 Adrian looked down too. "We don't know for sure that it never ends." He said, trying to lighten my spirits.
  I scoffed. "Yeah, right. In the dark, with no view past a mile, pushed by zombies to our death. It totally never ends. And if it does, we'll have our skulls smashed on the concrete."
  Adrian whistled. "Are you sure you're Nova and not Chris?" He asked.
 "Are you calling me pessimistic, Wolfson?!" Chris hollered. 
 Adrian shrugged. "Yeah. And don't worry about it, Nova. We'll land." He gulped. "At some point."
 "At some point? You mean when I'm old and positively disgusting looking?" Cassidy wailed.
 "Sorry, are you describing yourself at the moment, or in the future?" Chris yelled in question. 
 Laughter echoed through the abyss, along with Cassidy's shriek of anger.
 "When I get my hands on you, Berry-White." She growled. 
 I heard Chris click his tongue. "You mean 'if' you get your hands on me, Assidy." 
"The name's Cassidy!"
 "I don't give a damn."
"Alright, break it up you two," Adrian commanded. Chris grumbled and Cassidy hmphed in approval.
 "Yes, knock it off, Christopher." She repeated. 
 I'd bet my dollar that Chris was scowling.
 "What are you? My mother?" He snapped.
 "No. Would you like me to be your mother?" Cassidy snapped back. Chris chuckled and Adrian let out a sigh of fatigue.
 "Yes. My mother stays at least two feet away from me. See to it that you do the same." Chris said shortly. 
 "Is this your way of flirting, Chris?" Isabelle spoke up. I rolled my eyes. Not again.
 "Why yes, yes, it is. Because to get the affection of any girl, any sane person would cuss out their faults. Excellent observation Isabella."
 "It's Isabelle."
 "Like I told Assidy over there, I don't give a damn."
 "Pessimistic much?"
 "Proudly."
 "If you both don't quit it, I'm murdering you with the first weapon I find when we land!" I roared, having enough of their bullshit by now. Adrian snickered.
 "If we ever land, you mean," Isabelle said.
 "If you can actually murder me, Nova, then I'll pay you fifty bucks." Chris bet.
 "Oh, so you say her name correctly, but not mine?" Isabelle asked angrily. 
 "Yeah. Because she doesn't bother me, unlike some other people." Chris muttered. I brushed my shoulder against Adrian's, my hair falling above me.
 "Be nice, Chris." I chastised. 
 Chris snorted. "Nice? This is my nice." He said. 
 "Yeah...nice," Isabelle muttered, sounding hurt. I wanted to say something, but Adrian's hand on mine made me shut my mouth.
 "Leave them." He murmured. "They have to work out their own problems. We can't always solve them." 
 I sighed. "I know. But I feel bad. I... I know what it feels like to not have your crush notice you." 
 Adrian sucked a breath. "Y-You do?" He asked. 
 "I—Yeah, I do." I didn't want to disclose more, and thankfully, Cassidy spoke up from her questionable silence.
 "Like anyone could ever like you back?" She snorted. "Pig. Nerd."
 "Cassidy," Adrian warned. "Everyone is capable of love."
 "Yeah," Isabelle called. "And don't you know Cass? The good girls get the bad boys?" 
 Cassidy hmphed. "That's just a myth." She grumbled.
 "Yeah, and zombies don't exist." Isabelle shot back. 
 I was going to yell at them to stop, for my headache was beginning to worsen, but something made me stop. The air was thinning. My body was beginning to slant. I was going to stand.
 "Guys! I think there is a ground!" I exclaimed. My vision was returning to me, my hair falling down to my sides in loose, frazzled strands. 
 "We're landing!" Isabelle exclaimed. 
 I felt my heart soar with excitement and my eagerness to land caused me to flail slightly, but Adrian's hand gripping mine steadied me. The curves of his body were becoming clearer now. The tousle of his hair, the glow of his eyes, the hump of the backpack. Suddenly, the light became too bright, as if the sun were shining directly in my eyes. I groaned.
 "Ugh!" I felt my feet touch the ground, and when I opened my eyes, I was no longer in the dark abyss we were floating/falling in.
 No.
 Standing before me in bright gold and silver, was a gate. A large, golden gate with small, intricate silver patterns. The ground underneath us was a platform, seemingly, as the surrounding walls were the abyss we'd fallen from.
 Cassidy, as usual, broke out silence.
 "Wow! That gold would look great on a dress my mommy is buying me this weekend!" She squealed. Chris wrinkled his nose and Isabelle hid her laugh with a cough. Adrian approached an eager Cassidy with a sigh.
 "Cassidy, this isn't ours to take. Don't chip anything."
 "What? Why? They won't mind a missing piece—!"
 "Cassidy." 
 "Alright. Alright." Cassidy relented. "Party pooper."
  Adrian rolled his eyes, adjusting the strap of the backpack on his shoulder. I neared him, and he smiled.
 "Are we going inside?" I asked. 
 Adrian took a deep breath, looking up the length of the gates.
 "Yeah. I mean, would you rather go back the way we came?" He asked. 
 I looked up the funnel of the abyss with a whimper and a shiver. "Uh...no." I decided.
  Adrian reached for my hand, squeezing it. Cassidy's eye ticked.
 "Don't worry, Nova. We'll be fine." He promised.
  I found myself blushing. "Yeah...I trust you." I said. He smiled warmly, but Cassidy rudely interrupted us.
 "Hate to break the romance." She butt in snootily. "But if we're going into the palace, the best time would be to go now, get this shitty place over with."
 "Palace? Really? For all we know, this could be a death trap." Isabelle said. 
 Chris groaned. "Women," He grumbled. 
 Cassidy glared at him, spinning around to fight with Isabelle.
 "Listen, Blondie. I know what I'm saying, okay? Golden gates can only lead to one thing, a palace."
 "Or they can lead to a labyrinth," I said softly. I peeked through the gates, closing one bluebell eye so I could see better. Just as I had suggested, dark twisting tunnels of a labyrinth stared back at me. Whispers clawed at my ears and I suddenly felt very sick.
 "Before we head in, are there any injuries?" Adrian asked, taking command easily. We all checked our bodies, and Chris and Isabelle both raised their hands.
 "I got a scratch on my arm," Isabelle said. Chris made a babyface at her.
 "Aww. Dwid wittle bawby Isabelle get a boo-boo?" He mocked playfully.
  Isabelle looked hurt. "What about you? What do you need? A princess band-aid?" She shot back. Chris scowled and Isabelle grinned smugly at him.
 "Don't like it when you get a taste of your own medicine, huh?" She asked. 
"Knock it off, both of you," Adrian said sternly. He knelt in front of Isabelle first, cleaning her wound and wrapping some bandages around it. I winced, feeling the rotting bandage on my arm and waist.
 "We can't risk anything infecting right now," Adrian said. "Every wound counts. Additionally, these are zombies we're dealing with. Not your average middle school bully. We don't know what their bite or even their scratch can do."
 "Apart from making you feel sick?" I asked, feeling bile rise in my throat. 
 Adrian looked slightly alarmed. "Are you feeling nauseated?" He asked. 
 I swallowed, shaking my head. "N-No. It's probably just vertigo from the fall." I said, passing my sickness off as motion nausea. Adrian didn't look convinced, but he nodded anyway, helping Chris with, ironically, his scratch. 
 "Does anything hurt for you, Nova?" Adrian asked, finishing up with Chris. I watched the latter move his wrist freely, an honest smile on his face. It was rare to see Chris give a real smile.
"A little on my side, but that's probably because of the bandages getting old," I said. 
 Adrian hummed. "Can you remove the shirt?" He asked, his attention distracted from looking in the bag. I blushed, and Isabelle and Chris began to crack up behind me.
 "W-What?" I stuttered. Adrian's head poked back up from the bag, confusion marring his features until he realized why Chris and Isabelle were laughing. His tan face flushed red.
 "I-I mean, not like that! Just so I can re-wrap the bandage on your stomach!" He defended with a slight stutter. I peeled my shirt off obediently, Chris and Isabelle still howling with laughter.
 "Oh...oh the look on your face Nova!" Chris howled. "Nice word choice, genius!" 
 Adrian flushed. "Shut up, Chris." He grumbled. Chris ignored him. He tumbled to the ground, knocking Isabelle from her feet. With a screech, they tumbled on the ground together, Adrian and I both watching curiously.
 "Gah! Hey—oh!" Isabelle gasped. She and Chris had rolled for a while, and when they finally stopped, she found herself on top of him, staring down at his turquoise eyes. Even Chris remained strangely quiet.
 "Do you have your phone?" Adrian whispered. With a quiet giggle, I handed him my device, from which he took multiple silent pictures.
 "There. That should be enough blackmail." He said, satisfied. I giggled again and Isabelle and Chris scrambled away from each other, both their cheeks painted red with embarrassment.
 "Who's laughing now?" Adrian asked playfully. He rolled the bandage out and wrapped my wound gently, my hand on his squeezing all his blood circulation away. I hissed with each touch of gauze, barely comprehending the calming words Adrian was whispering in my ear. 
 "There, all done." He said at last. 
 I sighed in relief. "Thank you, Adrian. Really." I said. Adrian shrugged, packing the medical equipment away.
 "It was nothing worth apologizing for." He smiled at me, zipping the bag up. "But you're welcome."
 "What about Cassidy?" I asked. Adrian hummed.
 "That's right. Hey Cassidy! You—!" We all turned, and it was that moment that we realized we were talking to thin air. "—okay?"
 "Where the fuck did she go?" Chris asked. A feeling of dread set inside of me and I turned towards the glowing golden gates, now ajar.
 "Uh...guys?" I tapped Adrian's shoulder.
 "Wha—Shit!" Adrian cursed. We ran to the bars of the gates, even though the door was already open.
 "What in god's name was she thinking?! Running in there on her own?!" Chris exclaimed. Adrian slapped his knee, spitting on the ground.
 "I don't fucking know. All I know now is that we have to find her! We don't know what's beyond these gates! She could be killed!" He yelled.
 "Wouldn't be the worst thing in the world," Chris muttered. 
 "Really Chris?" Isabelle asked.
 "What? What did I say?" Chris asked, genuinely appalled. We ignored him at that time.
 "Let's go!" Adrian ordered. He yanked the gates open wider and broke into a run, stopping at the end of a brick hallway to wait for us to follow.
"Should we split up?" I suggested.
 "No. We can't risk losing anyone else right now." Adrian said. He suddenly sniffed the air, pausing.
 "Cassidy was wearing perfume, right?" He asked. 
 Isabelle nodded. "Yeah. Some rich, nose killing perfume." 
 Adrian sniffed the air again. "Do you smell that?" He asked. I titled my nose up, taking a deep whiff of the air.
 "No. What?" I asked.
 "Perfume," Chris said. He sniffed with Adrian. "Cassidy's perfume."
 "Well, which way is it coming from?" I asked. 
 Adrian sniffed again, then paused. He grabbed my hand.
 "Change of plans. Split up. Call if you need help." He said quickly. Before anyone could react, he pulled me past the hallway we were into another twisty corridor.
 "Why are we splitting up, again?" I asked, trying to keep pace with him.
 "If Chris and I can both smell Cassidy, then it'll be much more efficient if we split up. Besides, you and Isabelle both have phones. We can call if anything happens." He explained.
  I rolled my eyes. "Considering the zombies haven't taken out the power lines yet," I grumbled. I picked my pace up, fighting to match Adrian's. We ran down hallway after hallway, being met with wall after wall after wall.
 "Are you sure we're not running in circles?" I asked, pausing to pant for breath. Adrian hummed, touching a golden banister. His palm glowed, emanating warmth.
 "I don't know." He admitted honestly. "I know she's somewhere here. I can smell that. What I don't know is: where?" 
 I sighed. "Great. We're lost in a labyrinth." I crouched on the ground. "We're dead by tomorrow."
 "Don't become like Chris, Nova." Adrian joked. He ran his hands over the walls, sniffing the air. 
 "I don't get it. How can you smell her?" I asked.
  Adrian shrugged. "I don't know. All I did was raise my nose and boom!" He spread his hands for visual effect. "Disgusting perfume hits me like a ton of bricks! You don't smell it?"
  I shook my head. "Nope." I said, popping my 'p'. 
 Adrian looked down, rubbing his scalp. "Huh, that's weird." He mumbled. He licked his lips, trailing the walls again.
 "What are you looking for?" I asked.
 "Some kind of brick. Maybe it can lead us to a secret passage?" Adrian answered. He pressed the wall gently.
 "Good luck with that," I mumbled. 
 He turned around. "Well, you could help me, y'know." He offered. I mimicked him.
 "Yeah, sure." I agreed. I rose to my feet, but as I did so, the ground shook. I looked at Adrian, only to see that he was looking down too, fear etched on his face.
 "What is that?" I asked, my voice shaking. Adrian looked around, holding the wall tightly now.
 "I-I don't know."
 "Did you press anything?"
 "NO! I swear!" Adrian exclaimed. He pulled his hand from the wall, but that only made the floor vibrate harder. We tumbled to the ground, and immediately, Adrian's arms encased me protectively. He rose onto his knees as if he were doing a push-up, looking around.
 "Do you see anything?" I whispered.
 "Shh. Footsteps." Adrian hissed. "And they're not Isabelle or Chris'."
  We lay quietly on the floor, waiting. Suddenly, the ground began to shake again, harder and harder. The footsteps pounded and Adrian gasped, scrambling to his feet. He yanked me up with him, and before I could ask what it was, I saw it.
 An ugly, misshapen head that reminded me very much of Venom stood at the entrance to one of the hallways. Its skin was a dark shade of red and it had no eyes, only flaring nostrils and sharp rows of teeth reminiscent of toothpicks. He slobbered all over the floor, his muscles flexing and claws tapping against his leg. He growled at our scent, his head turning to us.
 "Run!" Adrian yelled. The monster roared, and we scampered out of the hallway, ducking into another one. My heart pounded, my hands sweaty in Adrian's as we ran, the monster right on our tails.
 "What is that!" I cried.
 "A paragula!" Adrian replied. A wall by us crashed, and Adrian pushed me away. We fell together, and in a flash, we were up again.
 "What the hell is a paragula?!" I screamed. A pillar crumbled in our path, and Adrian leaped over it, his weight pulling my light body up.
 "It's a type of zombie, only the transformation had a malfunction!" Adrian explained. A rock came hurtling towards us and Adrian dodged, pulling me.
 "What kind of malfunction is that!" I shouted. Adrian tipped his head and let out a breath, sweat slipping from his forehead. His tank-top clung to his body, and I almost got hit by a flying rock just staring at him.
 "A stupid one, that's what." He growled. I felt my hand slipping from his, and he gripped my hand tighter.
 "Don't let go, Nova!" He yelled. An explosion fired behind us, roars of more paragula joining their brothers. I sighed.
 "How many are there!" I asked. A rock grazed my arm and I cried out, another smashing against my bruised ribs. Adrian didn't pause for a second glance. He held my hand strongly, pushing me forward.
 "There aren't many! Most zombies don't become paragula!" He answered. "Reason being they die when met with light!"
 "Well...that explains the chasm of death," I muttered. I looked back at the messed-up zombies following behind us, and something caught my eye.
 One of the paragula's, the first one that had spotted Adrian and me in the hallway, had a strand of red hair dangling from his drooling mouth. Not only that but clinging to his shredded clothes was a torn piece of flower pattern pajamas.
 No, not just any pajamas.
 Cassidy's pajamas.
"Adrian!" I screamed. I don't know why, but I felt tears begin to run down my cheeks. "Adrian! Look!" 
 Adrian turned, and I knew he'd seen when his face changed. His eyes watered, and I had to make sure he was looking where he was going so that we wouldn't fall.
 "No..." He murmured. A brick sailed past his head and he caught it, throwing it back with force. It hit a paragula smack in the head, causing him and half of his row to tumble.
 "No!" He cried. His pace was slowing, he was giving up. I squeezed his hand, wiping my eyes.
 "C'mon, Adrian! We have no time to mourn!" I pleaded.
 "I promised I wouldn't...! I promised everyone would make it out alive!" He cried. A rock nabbed him on the shoulder, but he hardly paid any attention to it.
 "Adrian!" I cried. "Adrian listen to me!" He looked up, eyes tired, and I realized just how hard he was trying to make sure we made it out alive. Guilt was already gnawing him about splitting up, and now...now...
 "Adrian, you were not responsible for Cassidy's death," I said firmly. I ducked over a collapsing wall, and I felt Adrian beginning to put effort into his footing. "You are trying your hardest to make sure we survive! People will die, and Cassidy's death was her fault!"
 "But—!"
 "But nothing, Adrian! She is the one who defied you and ran into the labyrinth! She is the cause of her own death! Nothing was your fault!" I was crying now, my vision beginning to blur. "Please..."
  Adrian grimaced, but then, he began to run. Run and run and run. Faster and faster with each step. I fought to keep pace with him.
 "A-Adrian?"
 "You are right, Nova," Adrian said. He pulled me back as a pillar fell onto a wave of paragula's. "I am not at fault for Cassidy's death. And I am not going to be the fault for any more deaths." He wiped my eyes gently. "Don't cry..." 
 I sniffled, pushing him away from a falling boulder. "Thank you..." I murmured. 
 Adrian smiled, but our happiness was short-lived when the paragula made their appearance known again. Adrian's head whipped around the crumbling labyrinth.
 "We have to find Isabelle and Chris and get out of here!" He yelled. He pulled me up and we ducked into a nearby corridor, our skin bruising and peeling from the impact.
 "Get out from where?" I asked. I clawed at some bricks, soot hissing onto my face. I grimaced.
"Anywhere!" Adrian replied. He pulled me underneath a falling wall, and we were on our feet as quickly as we fell. My phone began to vibrate in my pocket, and I took a risk and answered, the paragula still chasing us.
 "Isabelle?!"
 "Nova! Where are you! We have Venom—!"
 "Paragula!" Chris corrected with a scream. 
 Adrian chuckled and I could almost see Isabelle rolling her eyes.
 "Fine—Paragula on our tail! Where are you!"
 "We're—!" I looked up, finding myself face to face with Isabelle and Chris, our phones both chiming next to us.
 "You're okay!" Isabelle cried. A roar echoed behind us.
 "Run and talk!" Adrian ordered.
 "Where's Cassidy?!" Isabelle asked. 
 "Gone," I replied shortly. 
 She gave me a look. "What? Where? With the wind?"
 "No..." I pointed behind me. The paragula with the hair and flower pajama patch was still somehow chasing us, and Isabelle gasped.
 "No way!" She looked at me, and I nodded in confirmation. "Really?!"
 "Zombies couldn't kill her, but paragula could?" Chris hummed. 
 I smacked him. 
"What?!" He whined, ducking underneath a crashing wall. I jerked my head towards Adrian, and Chris winced, understanding.
 "Guys! Look! A door!" 
 We all turned sharply at Adrian's outburst, and true enough, there was a door just on the opposite side of the wall. The paragula must have seen it too, for they began to push harder, forcing us to run faster. The labyrinth began to collapse, the stones falling all around us. Their roars grew louder, as did my headache worsens. My heart pounded in my ears and raced so quickly I thought it would burst from my chest!
 "Go!" Adrian shouted. He yanked the door open and shoved us outside, tumbling out just as the door closed, snapping the paragula's hands in half. I scrambled back from the influx of blood and gory hands, wincing and wiping them from my face.
 "That was—" I paused to take a breath. “—interesting."
 "Hm. Wasn't it?" A sultry, female voice cooed from behind me. I looked at Adrian in confusion, slightly hoping he was mimicking Cassidy, only to find him frozen on the grass. Chris and Isabelle's faces matched mine, and we all turned around.
 Behind us, hordes of slobbering zombies groaned and retched, their limbs falling off as easy as a child says the ABC's. A green horse with lifeless eyes, peeling skin, and a red tongue stood in the middle of the horde, and above that, a female zombie sat.
 She wasn't like any of the other zombies I'd met before. No. She didn't look dead. Her eyes weren't lifeless. She didn't slump on her seat or moan and slobber. No, she was awake.
 And scary.
 She smiled, revealing a row of sharp teeth. She slipped from her horse, her black hair flowing around her as she walked towards us, hips moving from side to side. My apprehension rose, but instead of snapping our necks straight from our bodies, she circled us slowly.
 Or rather, she circled Adrian.
 She seemed to be interested in him to most, running her hands along his arms and dragging her long nails along his muscled chest. Adrian stood, frozen, looking at her as if he didn't know what to do. After a while, the lady sighed and giggled, trailing her nail on his jaw. My eye ticked, but with a horde of hungry zombies right across from us, I made no move to act.
 "I see you remember me, Adrian." She hummed—her face inches from his. Adrian clenched his jaw. "But they don't." She turned him roughly, hair flowing in waves around her.
 "Tell them, Adrian." She cooed, digging her nails into his shoulders. "Tell them who I am, who we were." 
 Adrian swallowed, and I stepped forward.
 "Who is she, Adrian?" I whispered. Adrian looked pained and he turned away, his hands clenching and unclenching.
 "This is the girl I was telling you about." He said, choking over his words. He took my hands, squeezing them as if they were the only ropes he could hold on to, and the girl growled. My heart rose and fell in waves in my chest and Adrian sighed.
 "But who is she?" I pressed. Adrian squeezed his eyes shut.
 "She's my ex, Mercy."








Chapter 10
"She's my ex, Mercy."
 It was as if the world around me had stopped. As if my heart had lost its marathon. A shiver kissed up my spine, my lip trembling. I refused to meet Adrian's eyes, though they desperately sought mine. He squeezed my hands, trying to bring me back, but I was already too far gone. My heart shattered into a million pieces and I vaguely felt the warmth of Adrian's body leave me.
 "Nova..." Isabelle put a hand on my shoulder, the calm sincerity of her voice bringing my vision back to me. 
  I shook my head. "W-What do you mean? Why is that so bad?" I stammered, stomach clenching. Adrian licked his lips, his beautiful green orbs swiveling away from my curious blue eyes. Behind him, Mercy cackled, ripping our hands apart.
 "We were lovers, idiot," she snapped, caressing Adrian's shoulders. 
 He winced. "The keyword is: were, Mercy," he hissed. 
 Mercy's eyebrows rose and she floated in front of him. Her dress was like the color of ivory, so beautiful, yet so rare. Her cheekbones were high, her eyes dark in contrast to her green skin. The sashes around her hovered as if she were in the water.
"And you think death can keep us apart, Adrian? All of this—It's all been for you, sweetheart. I was hoping that I would find you!" She eyed us with disdain, her red pupils dilating slightly. "Alone, that is. But, whatever. You don't get everything you want in life, isn't that right?"
"What do you want with Adrian?" Chris's usually quiet voice spoke above Mercy's aimless chatter. He stepped forward, and Mercy hummed girlishly, just like Cassidy. I grimaced.
 Mercy drifted over to Chris, circling him just as she had circled Adrian, except not with the interest she had in my crush. She was more so judging him with her eyes, even though she wouldn't say that in front of Adrian.
"Who are you? Adrian's never mentioned you to me," she murmured.
"That's because I didn't want to..." Adrian grumbled, but she ignored him.
"I'm Adrian's friend, and as his friend, I'm warning you to leave him alone!" Chris snapped. Mercy's eyebrows rose again, a cracked hand-pressed daintily to the base of her throat.
"Threaten me, do you? What can you, a geek, do? Hm? I didn't know that Adrian had started affiliating himself with lowlifes, otherwise, I would have set him straight..." 
 Chris's eyes fell, and the familiar shattering pain of being degraded swept through me. Anger swirled in a pit at my stomach, just like the one in the labyrinth, but Isabelle spoke up before I could.
"You have no right to call him that, you bitch!" She shrieked. "Chris is a smart, talented, and amazing person and you have absolutely to claim to put him into a place he doesn't belong, nor do you have any right to antagonize Adrian!" Mercy smirked, her ripped dress swaying in the wind as she approached Isabelle. Isabelle didn't back down from her. Instead, she glared at Mercy with all of her might, which didn't seem like enough, considering all Mercy did was laugh at her attempts.
"And who might you be, darling?" She purred.
  Isabelle's eye ticked. "My name is Isabelle, and you better—!"  
  Mercy snapped her fingers, and two bulkier zombies manifested behind Isabelle and Chris. Adrian shouted at Mercy to stop, but Mercy ignored him with a cackle. Isabelle screamed, struggling under the large zombie. Chris gasped, writhing in the female zombie's bulky arms. It didn't seem that they wanted to kill them, at least, not yet.
"You have a beautiful mouth, darling. However, you need to be taught your place," Mercy chastised. Behind her, Adrian rolled his eyes.
"Now, you..." 
 I stiffened, the familiar stench of dead meat wafting around my body. My hands were frozen at my sides, my heart thrashing in my chest, slamming against my ribcage to be free. Mercy's long fingernail traced the hard edges of my jaw, the curves, and dips of my lips, the shells of my ears. She paid special attention to me, her breath ghosting over my nose and my ear. I shivered internally, casting a glance at Adrian. A zombie was holding him back, a knife poised at the tip of his throat. I wanted to scream, but with Mercy still prowling around me, I held my breath.
 At some point, she stepped away from me, laughing. "Darling, you need not hold your breath around me. I won't do anything to you...yet." 
 She drew her nail against my chin, pressing until she drew blood. I whimpered at the sharp sting, watching with close eyes as Mercy brought my blood to her lips, tasting the iron liquid. She smiled.
"My...what blood you have," she murmured. "Much better than your bratty bitch friend over there..."
"I am no bitch!" Isabelle shrieked. The zombie holding her grunted, clamping his hold on her waist tighter, and she squirmed, wincing.
"Tell me, Adrian," Mercy flaunted over to where Adrian was struggling, her hips moving suggestively from side to side. I was pretty sure Adrian was gagging internally but held it in for our sake. A foul smell embraced me, and just as Isabelle and Chris were held, a zombie lifted me into the air, his hands firmly grasping my hips, his eyes trained into my back as if they were looking into my soul. He slobbered all over the ground I once stood in, and for a few seconds, I was grateful I was no longer standing—
—Until Mercy decided to act again.
"What is it, Mercy? What do you want so badly?" Adrian growled, his jaw clenched so tightly it was turning white. His muscles flexed against his shirt and in the sunlight, his eyes no longer looked green. It was probably a reflection, but for a moment, I swore I saw his green eyes become gold.
"Why, you haven't guessed it by now?" Mercy murmured in a sultry tone. It made me want to gag.
"No. Hurry up and spit it out so that we can all go in our separate ways," Adrian snarled. 
 Mercy pouted. "You never talked harshly to me before, Adrian. Especially when we were together—when I was alive—!"
"Exactly!" Adrian blurted, looking extremely pissed. "When we were together, Mercy! We are no longer dating! I am no longer in love with you! I-I love someone else." 
 Mercy looked like she had been punched in the gut, and while she deserved that, I couldn't help but feel sorry for her. She looked like she genuinely loved Adrian, apart from her attitude to his friends. What had happened before her death to make Adrian despise her, yet always think about her?
"W-What...? Mercy stammered. Adrian's eyes were as hard as stone, and when he looked at her to speak, they held no remorse in them.
"We. Are. Never. Getting. Back. Together." He spelled out. The stone edge in his eyes remained. "I'm sorry, Mercy, but I can't love someone who's already hurt me so many times—who's hurt my friends. I-I can't be together with not only someone I don't love, but someone who is dead. I'm sorry..."
  Mercy's chest split open, the skin ripping apart with a nauseating splatter. She reached into her chest, and right in front of Adrian, in front of all of us, she pulled out her limp, slimy, heart.
 Her actual heart.
 I wanted to vomit—to throw up right then and there on the spot. Blood drenched Mercy's hands, but she didn't care. She placed it in both of her palms, offering it to Adrian.
"Please, Adrian," She begged. "I know what I did was wrong, and I know it cost me dearly, but my heart still beats for you." She gestured to the obviously silent organ. "Please, take me back."
 The zombie that was originally holding Adrian, and the zombies that were holding all of us, slunk back into their groups, dropping us onto the ground.
 Adrian shook his head, looking guilty. "I'm sorry, Mercy, but what you did cannot make me forget your actions. While I am still very, very guilty about your death, I've moved on now, and you should do the same. I've fallen in love with another and—" 
 Mercy growled, cutting Adrian off. She slammed her heart back inside her open chest, pivoting on her heel. She glared at me.
"It's her, isn't it?" She snarled; her voice clipped. Adrian remained quiet. "Tell me, Adrian! Tell me I'm lying!"
 I glanced from Adrian's crestfallen expression to Mercy's rage contorted face.
 "A-Adrian?" I murmured. Adrian opened his mouth, but no words came out of it. Instead, all I heard were voice cracks in his attempt to speak.
 "Tell me, Adrian!" Mercy cried. "Tell me it's not true! Tell me I'm lying!" 
  Adrian's chest fell, and out of the corner of my eye, I could see Chris and Isabelle holding their breaths, waiting for his reply. Hell, I too was waiting to see what he would say.
"It's true," he finally admitted, lips parting as if they'd been glued together. "I-I am in love with Nova..."
  My breath left my throat in a flurry, and I pinched myself underneath the hem of my long shirt to make sure I wasn't dreaming. Adrian's now softened eyes met mine, a reassurance that he was not lying, and I would have jumped to the moon and back had Mercy not intervened.
"No!" She shrieked.
  Isabelle covered her ears. "Geez, even Cassidy's whining isn't as bad as she is," she grumbled. Mercy's bloodshot eyes widened and she gnashed her teeth, howling again.
"No! Why, Adrian! Why?!" 
 If Adrian could have replied, I'm sure he would have, but Mercy didn't even give him a chance.
"Ah!" I screamed, tumbling down the dirt hill with Mercy as she clawed at my face, my eye, my lip—anywhere that she could make blood spill. 
"Nova!" Adrian shouted. I screamed again, struggling to release myself from Mercy's weight. Above us the zombies roared and groaned, pouring in waves against my friends. Sweat beaded on my forehead as Mercy continued to shriek and claw, her nails digging into my skin.
"Get off!" I roared. I gathered my energy, forcing Mercy away from me and into a tree. Her back collided against the bark and she slumped onto the ground, hands limp against her sides. I waited for a few moments, clutching Adrian's hunting dagger. When I was sure she wouldn't wake, I scrambled up the dirt hill, desperate to reach my friends.
 "About time you made it back!" Isabelle snarled, stabbing a zombie in the gut. She and I both ducked as a fireball sailed over our heads and into a horde of zombies, frying them almost immediately.
 "Yeah, because I was having a tea party down there," I snapped, swirling around and swiping my dagger on the zombie that was looming over me. Isabelle kicked it aside, and we hurried to the other side of the field to help Chris and Adrian.
"You know, if it wasn't so tense right now, I'm sure you would be jumping out of your socks that Adrian admitted his feelings for you," Isabelle panted. I swallowed, rolling underneath a zombie.
"Can we worry about our relationship status later and survive first?" I asked over a loud roar, cutting blindly into the wind. By the sounds of strained cries, I guess I aimed perfectly.
"My non-existent one, you mean? Sure! Let's talk about all the shit Chris has spit out of his mouth ever since we got into this crap!" Isabelle yelled. Someone grunted beside me.
"I'm right here, you do realize that, right, bitch?" Chris snapped.
  Isabelle rolled her eyes. "I don't give a damn," she clipped. A warm body pressed up against my back.
"Duck!" Adrian pushed me to the ground just as a gigantic fireball wheezed over us, smashing into the zombies that remained.
"Dude! Where the fuck did that come from?" Chris gasped. 
 Adrian shrugged, dusting his hands. "It's a miracle how easy you can trick a zombie into doing your dirty work," he mused, gesturing to the decapitated, bulky zombie behind us as it disintegrated into ash.
"Damn...that was awesome!" Isabelle squealed. 
 I brushed my bruised knees, a hand gripping my elbow.
"Nova..."
 A growl tore from the trench where Mercy and I had fallen, cutting Adrian off. 
 I gulped. "How about we run, and then we talk about who owes who an apology," I suggested, glaring at Chris and Isabelle.
"What? What did I do?" Chris gasped, affronted. 
  I slapped his shoulder. "I'll show you what you did," I hissed. A louder, animalistic roar shook the ground and I stumbled on my feet.
 "Nova's right. Let's find a campsite now before it becomes dark," Adrian agreed. His hand remained on my elbow, and somehow, I found myself craving more of his touch. Call it teenage hormones, but up until Adrian revealed his true feelings for me, I hadn't felt this tingling type of attraction to him.
 We scrambled into the forest, leaping over dead roots and underneath heavy leaf thickets. Adrian's hand gripped firmly on my elbow the entire time, steadying me when I stumbled.   
 Darkness soon enveloped the forest grounds, the moon rising high into the sky. The reflection shimmered and glowed in the rippling puddles of the forest grounds.
"I can see why you dumped your ex, Adrian," Chris muttered after a while. "She's batshit crazy!" 
 Adrian gave a huffy chuckle. "Yeah...but I didn't dump her because she was batshit...well, that was part of the reason—"
"What was the other part?" Isabelle questioned.
"The other part..." Adrian faltered. "Well...um...I'm not exactly stupid. I know that women find me good looking. Mercy was one of those shy, nerdy girls that I liked in middle school. We dated for a while...but as she gained her confidence...she began to-uhm..."
"You don't have to continue if you're uncomfortable."
"What?!" 
 I glared at Chris. "He doesn't!" I repeated firmly. 
 Chris muttered under his breath but thankfully didn't ask again. Adrian chuckled bitterly.
"No! No, it's fine! She, putting it lightly, cheated on me, many times. I was fifteen when I found out, and I... I dumped her."
"Then how is she dead?" Chris snapped. 
"I—uh—!"
"Water!" I gasped, interrupting them.
"Water?" Adrian repeated. I didn't hear him, instead scrambling to the flowing, calming water bank, scooping water into my palm to chug down.
"I never thought I'd be so happy to see water in my life!" Isabelle exclaimed, kneeling next to me.
"Shouldn't you filter that first...?" Adrian trailed off.
  I wiped my mouth, standing. "Sorry. I couldn't help myself," I apologized. 
 Adrian shrugged. "Nah, it's okay." He looked away. "Should we set up camp here?"
"Hell yes. Water and a good view of the constellations? Count me in!" Chris said, downing mouthful after mouthful of water.
  I giggled. "I'm sure we have some leftover meat from the rabbit, right?" Adrian nodded.
"Yeah. We also have some berries. We can snack on these today and find some more food tomorrow." He wiped his brow with his shirt, his back arched and his bulky muscles flexing.
"Exhausted, Adrian?" Isabelle asked. 
"Very much so. I... when I went to search for the Hangman, I knew I'd pass by Mercy's grave—she died here. I-I guess it just slipped my mind that she could possibly come back; possibly try and take me back." 
 I scowled. "You're not some toy, Adrian. She doesn't own you like a trophy." Adrian smiled.
"Thanks, Nova." His voice had gotten softer as if he were whispering. 
 I blushed under the intense gaze of his eyes. "Uh...no problem!" I squeaked. I shuffled my feet on the gravel, making up a sappy, lazy excuse just to get away from his eyes.
  Isabelle scoffed when she saw me. "Seriously? The dude just proclaimed his love for you and all you can do is stutter?" She teased.
  I grunted. "He didn't proclaim it. Besides, he probably was faking it to get Mercy off his tail." I sighed. "I'm a hopeless mess, aren't I?"
"I wouldn't say hopeless. You just need the right push," Isabelle said. She wiped her hands on her shorts, smiling at me. "God rewards everyone, Nova. Just be patient."
"Patience, the one trait I don't have," I grumbled. I trudged to sit by the campfire Chris had going, chewing quietly on my ration of food. From time to time, I would catch Adrian's eye, the orbs golden in the fire. He never wavered in catching my eye, always holding it just as firmly as he did my arm.
"What time is it?" Adrian asked suddenly.
  I hummed, reaching into my pocket. "It's almost midnight...in August?!" I did a double-take, nearly dropping my berry. 
"What? It can't be August already! We were only in the labyrinth for a day!" Isabelle shrieked. 
 Chris grunted. "It's possible that time moves differently in the labyrinth than it does here," he suggested. 
 Adrian peered over me, his eyes scrolling the date text. "Most likely, considering it's almost Fall now," he agreed.
  I tucked my phone into my pocket, intent on saving charge.
"So... what's the plan for tomorrow?" Isabelle asked. Chris's eyebrow rose from his meat, and I groaned internally.
"Well, tomorrow we'll be heading to the buffet for a five-star meal, then soak in the jacuzzi, then spend the rest of the day lounging in our beds switching from a romantic comedy to a horror sci-fi. Does that sound appealing to you?" 
 Isabelle growled. "Do you always have to be such an ass, Chris?" She snapped. 
 Chris shrugged. "Do you always have to be such a bitch, Isabella?"
"It's Isabelle!" Isabelle stood from the wet sand and Chris followed, ready to fight. Adrian and I hastened to split them apart.
"Easy, guys! We can't afford to have any more bruises!" Adrian scolded, pulling Chris down. Chris snarled, baring his teeth. In the flicker of the flames, they almost looked like fangs, but I brushed that aside. My food felt as if it were sliding up my throat and I groaned.
"Adrian's right. Can you guys just not fight for one day?"
"Then who would give you comedic relief?" Isabelle asked innocently. 
 Chris spluttered on his berry. "S-So this is all a joke to you? The fighting, the bitchy names, the hours we spend arguing—it's all just a game?!" 
 Isabelle's eyebrow rose, her body arched from her pose to pick the dirty leaves up. I caught Chris eyeing her pose warily for a moment before shaking his head.
"Uh...yeah? Why? Were you being serious?" 
 Chris faltered for a moment at Isabelle's question, and I could practically see the gears spinning in his head before he stomped off to the bedrolls Adrian had already set up by the liquid falling from the moon. We all watched him mutter a quiet, begrudging 'good night' his voice muffled by the blanket.
 "What's his problem?" Isabelle asked, her voice monotone, as she stared after him. 
 Adrian sighed, feeding more deadwood to the fire. "It's probably just the life out here ebbing on him. Chris' never liked hiking or camping. He'll be fine in the morning," he assured. 
 Isabelle nodded, pursing her lips. "Okay...I guess? I'll see you guys tomorrow, then."
  I stood up to hug her, and with a reassuring smile from Adrian, Isabelle trudged to the bedroll by Chris, hesitating before slipping next to him. Adrian and I watched them quietly.
"They'd make a good couple, wouldn't they?" I asked after a while.
  Adrian whistled lowly. "If Chris can get over his pride, then sure." He poked roughly at the dead bark in the fire. I glanced at the empty spot by his side, then carefully sat, waiting for him to move away from me. When he didn't, I smiled, settling next to him.
"You know...after today...I wanted to know how you were feeling." Adrian turned to me. "It's hard, losing a person close to you in your life...I know..."
"What do you mean?" Adrian asked quietly, rotating his body to face me. 
 I sighed, dragging my nail in the dirt. "Years ago, when I was very young, my father disappeared," I revealed. "Nobody knew where we went. He loved exploring and was big on legends and myths. He always wanted to prove the legend to Hangman's Mountain to be true, and every weekend he would trek up the mountain in search of the legend. One weekend, he went, just as usual...he never returned." 
 Adrian hissed. "Oh...I'm so sorry, Nova..." 
 I shrugged, my eyes stinging. "I-It's okay. It's been years since he disappeared. I try not to think about it too much." 
 Adrian nodded slowly. "Was he the man that you mentioned?" 
 I nodded. "Yeah, he was..." 
 Adrian didn't say anything for a few moments. For a while, we sat together, content with the prickle of the fire and the occasional howls of the wind...or a zombie.
"I was twelve," he spoke suddenly. 
 I frowned. "What?"
"It was my first year of Middle School," Adrian continued. "I was new to the school. My parents had just moved to East Avery from the woods. It was easy to make friends, but there was always this shy, quiet girl in the back of my class who avoided me constantly."
"Mercy?" I asked quietly. 
 Adrian nodded, poking the fire again. The flames illuminated his eyes, the color-shifting from serene green to a fierce golden.
"Yeah, Mercy. When I did manage to talk to her that same year, she admitted that she liked me, which was why she didn't talk to me." Adrian scoffed. "We began to date shortly after, despite many people telling me otherwise. Nobody trusted Mercy, something I was too blind to realize until I reached high school."
"W-What happened?"
 "Mercy...she changed. My friends were right about her. She constantly slept with other men and boys, always diverting the topic away from me when it was mentioned." Adrian laughed bitterly, throwing leaves into the flames. "God, I was so stupid. When I finally confronted her, she admitted that she only wanted me for my looks and was using me. I dumped her on the spot, but she wailed constantly after me, like a leech or something!" Adrian shivered.  "And yet, I always caved into her, guilt chewing me up. One night, we went to a party, I-I don't remember what it was for. I took Mercy into a separate room, and I think she thought we were going to have sex. Instead, when I told her that we were breaking up for good...she flew into this fit of rage that still blows my mind to this day!"
"She couldn't have done anything too bad," I mumbled. 
 Adrian quivered. "Oh, but she did. By the desk, there was an oil lamp. She threw it on the floor, and while that wouldn't have been a big problem, the carpet it caught onto was highly flammable." Adrian swallowed thickly and dread swirled inside my stomach.
"Oh no..."
"We all went running out of the house, and by the time I realized who was missing...it was too late." Adrian tossed the stick he was holding into the flames as if it were part of the house that had been engulfed. "Mercy was the only one to die that night, and to this day, I'm the only person who knows how that fire started. Nobody ever questioned me, but I wouldn't have told them anyway. I lived with the guilt of Mercy's death—"
"But it wasn't your fault!" I blurted. "Mercy was at fault, not you!" 
 Adrian shrugged. "Funny, what love makes you say, makes you think." His shoulders slumped. "It's been years, yet until recently, I couldn't stop thinking about her..."
"What changed?" I peered at Adrian, and for the first time that night, a genuine smile graced his lips.
"Well, I reached my second to last year of high school, and I met the most beautiful girl," he sighed. "Hair as dark as chocolate, eyes that could rival the sky. She was the fire that re-started my heart, yet she was the one to drag in memories of Mercy. I tried to resist her but soon, it became unbearable. Mercy faded from my mind, and she remained." Adrian turned to me, smiling from ear to ear. "I've loved you ever since you made that llama joke on your second day at school, Nova." 
 My heart lodged in my throat. "W-What? R-Really?" I stammered. 
 Adrian chuckled. "Yes. And, yeah, maybe it was wrong to bring up my ex so many times, but I... I tried to make sure you knew that I had room for only one woman in my heart. I was too young when my mishap with Mercy happened. I didn't even know what love was!"
"What is it?" I murmured, my voice so quiet I doubt the ants below me heard me.
  Adrian brushed his thumb against my lips, smirking. "It's just like a supernova. It bursts through you and leaves stars in your eyes, a sight only a few get to behold in their lifetimes," Adrian leaned closer to me. "I love you, Nova."
  I felt my heart about to burst, just like the supernova Adrian described.
"I love you too, Adrian!"
  Adrian smiled, and with his thumbs holding my chin, he tilted my head for a desperate, seizing kiss, as if he'd waited all his life to place his lips on mine.
 The kiss itself only lasted a few seconds at best, but it felt like heaven. His lips were cool against mine, molding perfectly with mine, moving in sync with mine, as if it were a dance that we only knew the steps to. His hands gripped my hips, pulling me into his lap. I tugged at the dark strands of his hair, sighing.
 When we broke apart, it was as if a supernova had burst in Adrian's eyes, the color blinding and sharp. It looked like his irises had narrowed, but I couldn't be sure, really. I was too in a daze, anyway.
Adrian chuckled. "What?"
"What do you mean?"
"What's with that face?"
"What face?"
"You know what face." 
 I giggled and Adrian smiled, kissing the corner of my mouth. 
"Are you sure I'm not dreaming?" I snorted. 
 Adrian rolled his eyes. "Yes, I'm positive you aren't dreaming,"  
 We both stood from the ground, tumbling onto our bedrolls in our stupor. Adrian just managed to pull the blankets above us, and as his arm wrapped around me, his head on top of mine, I knew that life was going to turn.
 And for the first time in a long time, despite the roars and caws that echoed throughout the large mountain, I closed my eyes and let sleep elude me peacefully, safe in my love's arms.










Chapter 11
 "Today we're going to continue our trek towards the land bridge," Adrian announced the next morning.
"Already? Can't we just stop and take a break for one day?" Isabelle groaned. 
"I think it's a good idea. It's already the end of August. We might as well start moving faster before it starts to get cold," I agreed. 
 Isabelle scowled. "You're just biased," she grumbled.  
I rolled my eyes. 
 "No, you're just salty. They're both right. We're closer to the bridge anyway. Would you rather get your ass kicked by Mercy and her gang again?" Chris snapped.  
"Me? Salty? Talk about yourself first," Isabelle scoffed. "It's like you wake up on the wrong side of the bed every morning!"
"Well, considering I haven't slept in a warm bed for more than a month then sure, call me salty!" Chris retorted. 
 Adrian and I shared a glance. "Are you guys going to start already? At six am in the morning?" I asked, cutting into the fumes of their argument. 
 Chris glared at me. "Then tell your friend to knock it off. Why does she always have to be a whiney spoilt brat?"
"Spoilt brat?!" Isabelle screeched. "I'll have you know that I grew up with six siblings and immigrant parents! I am by no means spoiled, not like you!"
"What?" Chris snarled. 
 Isabelle smiled smugly. "You're an only child, mommy's boy, a nerd who has the biggest Christmas presents—need I continue?" 
I could practically see the flames sprouting from Chris's head.
"Mommy's boy? How old do you think I am? Eight?"
"You act like you are—"
"Enough!" Adrian's loud, authoritative voice boomed throughout the camp, echoing into the forest and shaking the trees. I looked up as the birds cawed away.
"Well, that was loud," I mumbled. 
 Adrian glared at both Isabelle and Chris.
"Can you guys just try to get along? For five minutes, at least?" He pleaded.
 Chris rolled his eyes. "It's not my fault—"
"Not your fault! You're the one who started this!" Isabelle shrieked.
"Oh, I did, huh Isabella?"
"My name's Isabelle!" 
 Adrian sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose. I stepped forward, placing a hand on his shoulder. He smiled at me.
"I swear, these two act like children sometimes," he swore. 
 I chuckled. "When a zombie attacks us, then we'll see who'll save who," I giggled. Adrian smiled.
"Can you roll the bedrolls? I don't think Chris is going to be doing that this morning."
"Sure." I pecked him quickly on the cheek and sauntered off, knowing he was looking at me. I couldn't hide the thumping of my heart or the flush of my cheeks. I remembered vividly what had transpired between Adrian and me last night, and butterflies fluttered in my stomach.
The bedrolls weren't very hard to fix; at least, not as hard as Chris made it look like on our first-night camping. The foam and squishy texture mushed under my hands and I took my time wrapping them together, tuning out Isabelle and Chris's arguing.
"You know, if they get married, miraculously, I'd rather not be at their house during any parties or festivals," Adrian grumbled, kneeling next to me. From the curtain of my stringy bangs, I smiled up at him.
"I'd rather not be at their house at any time of the day! Can you imagine how loud and how much ruckus there would be with just the two of them?"
"What about when they have kids?"
"Oh, God!" I gripped my heart, feigning a heart attack. "Now that, that would be a movie I'd pay to have a front-row seat in." 
 Adrian laughed. "I'm sure they'd be good parents... separately. I'm not sure about together..."
"If they can find some common ground, then maybe they'd stop arguing." I pulled the elastic on the last bedroll. "Who started the fight, anyway?"
"Honestly? I don't give a damn."
"Yo! What's with all the whispering and giggling over there?" Isabelle hollered. "Are you having a party and you didn't invite me?"
  I grinned. "If you count cleaning up camp a party then, sure! Come join us, Isabelle! I'll give you a personal invite!" I threw the bedroll at Isabelle and she just barely managed to catch it. Chris was cackling up until Adrian threw one at him, to which he fumbled for a few moments before grabbing.
 "Karma's a bitch, huh, Chris?" Isabelle sneered.
  Chris growled. "You're a bitch, too," he grumbled.
  Isabelle winked, cocking her hip to the side. "And that's why I give you the karma you deserve," she said smugly. Chris glared at her, but for the first time, had no response to her jab. He turned away, pride visibly wounded, and stomped off. 
 Adrian sighed, getting up to follow him. "I swear, what is that guy's problem!" Isabelle muttered, her footsteps nearing me. 
 I rolled my eyes. "To be fair, you also add fuel to the fire, you know that, right?" I asked. Isabelle scoffed.
"Me? He's the one that keeps calling me Isabella!"
"Have you ever thought of giving him his own medicine?"
"Yeah...but what can I change Chris to?"
"Uh...How about—!"
"No!" Chris roared, stomping back into the clearing. Adrian chased after him, the yellow dew dripping from the sun illuminating his eyes, changing the forest green color to a dark golden.
"What do you mean, 'no'?! You can't keep this up, Chris!" Adrian yelled. Chris pivoted on his heel, glaring at Adrian.
"Then why—why—!" He caught my eye and faltered.
"Why what?" Isabelle asked, her voice clipped. 
Chris glared at her. "None of your business. God, why do you have to be so nosy?" 
 Isabelle put her hands on her hips. "Nosy? I'm just asking a question—!"
"To a conversation that in no way relates to you! Just keep your eyes on your own page!"
"Guys!" I thundered, standing up. Both Chris and Isabelle's jaws snapped shut. "Can you just stop with the arguing? We can't waste energy on petty arguments, and you know that! Just shut up, suck your pride in and face life! It's a live or die situation! Would you like to die?" Chris opened his mouth, but a glare from Adrian made him shut it again. "Thought so. Now, Isabelle, help Chris QUIETLY clean up the campfire." Isabelle looked like she wanted to protest, but didn't, trudging off with Chris silently. 
 Adrian whistled, approaching me. "Didn't expect that to work, honestly," he admitted. 
 I smirked. "When you live with a mother who owns a gym, you learn a thing or two about listening," I explained. 
 Adrian beamed, leaning against me, his warm lips pressing against mine. I sighed, sinking against his broad chest.
"At least they're gone now," he murmured. 
"We can just tell them, y'know? It'd save us a lot of drama in the future." Adrian shrugged.
"I suppose." He let go of me, the warmth from his arms soaking into my skin before a cold wash replaced it. I shivered.
"Can you guys help instead of eating each other's faces over there?!" Chris hollered. My heart froze.
"Chris! Leave them alone!" Isabelle scolded. 
 Chris made a face. "Leave them alone? Sure. When Mercy comes back to beat our asses, I'll leave them alone," he grumbled. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Looks like we don't have to tell them at all," I murmured.
 Adrian chuckled, deep and throaty. "You're right. We don't."
  He left me with another kiss to help Chris, who was visibly struggling to strap the bedrolls together. Isabelle was watching him from afar, a smug grin on her lips, yet I could see the way her eyes shifted back and forth. The way she squirmed when Chris looked at her, or whenever he spoke to her. She was hurt, hurt that the only relationship she could have with him was a platonic, banter-filled relationship that didn't look like it was going anywhere.
"You okay, Isa?" I asked, walking to her. The grass and dead leaves crunched under my shoes, alerting her of my arrival. She sighed.
"Yeah...yeah, I'm fine. Nova," she mumbled. 
 I frowned, nudging her with my shoulder. "You don't sound okay," I hummed.
 She shoved me playfully, giggling with a low note. "I'm fine!" She whined.
  I smiled, digging the toes of my shoes into the sand. "Well, if you're sure..."
"Ready to go?" Adrian called, glancing up from where he and Chris were bent over the backpacks. 
"Yes! We're coming!" I replied. 
 Isabelle flicked some of the river water at me. "So... what happened last night? Between you and Adrian?" She asked.  
 I blushed, twirling a strand of my hair. "I... uhm...we had a small heart to heart, I guess? He revealed that Mercy died in a fire, I revealed my dad disappeared mysteriously one day...and... we kissed?"
  Isabelle smirked. "Did you...?" She drawled. She suddenly gripped my hand, eyes wide. "How was it? Did he taste good? Did you insinuate it? Did—"
"Woah! Woah!" I laughed. "Isabelle, slow down! Geez! It was...nice. I didn't get a chance to taste him, and no, I didn't insinuate it!" 
 Isabelle slumped. "Damn. Wish Chris would do something like that," she grumbled. I glanced up at Chris, who's eyes quickly flickered down. 
 I smirked. "I'm sure Chris has his own ways of proclaiming his love," I assured. 
 Isabelle snorted. "Oh yeah? What?"
  I shrugged. "How the hell am I supposed to know? He's your crush, not mine." 
 Adrian flicked his hand and we followed him into the dense forest, the leaves brushing against us as if they were gripping for our flesh. The bright light tangled in the leaves, the spotlight mismatched and hazy. I flinched every time I felt a plant scrape against my skin, images of a zombie's broken, disgustingly dripping flesh sinking into my skin.
"Nova? You okay?" Adrian's curious voice snapped me back into reality. 
 I nodded bluntly. "Y-Yeah! I'm fine!" 
  Adrian looked skeptical, but he conceded to my quick rebuttal of his worries. He turned away, and I took the opportunity to release my sigh of relief. Behind me, Chris and Isabelle were eerily silent, only the occasional grunt or groan being heard from them.
"How far away are we from the land bridge?" I asked, breaking the thick sheet of silence that had wrapped around us. 
 Adrian hummed. "Well, since we got a bit off course, we can't go to the other, safer land bridge, so our best bet is to pass through Hangman's Grove instead."
"You mean...the cemetery?!" Isabelle audibly gulped. "We have to pass through there?"
  Chris scowled. "What are you? Chicken?"
  Isabelle growled, fumes flying from her ears. "No! I am not!" She defended furiously. "It's just...a cemetery? During an apocalypse?" 
 Adrian offered a weak smile. "Sorry. It's closer than the other land bridge and as it's already the end of August, I'd rather we get home quicker before this pandemic spreads," he explained. 
 Isabelle whimpered and Chris snickered. "Relax, Isabelle," he assured. "We'll be fine! There's nothing to worry about!" 
 Isabelle's eyes flickered up to Chris'. "Isabelle?"
"Yeah...that's your name, right?" 
 Isabelle grinned widely. "No! You called me Isabelle!" She squealed. She leaped onto Chris, hugging him tightly. Chris's footsteps wavered under Isabelle's weight and he staggered dangerously close to the edge of the cliff.
"Geez! What's with all the touching!" Chris pushed Isabelle away from him, but from the looks of the goofy expression Isabelle had on her face, she hardly noticed it!
"That's a first," I mumbled.
"You're telling me." Adrian ran a hand through his hair. "Maybe Chris's just getting used to her? Enjoying her constant company?" 
 I snorted. "Yeah, right. That'll be the day, Adrian." I leaned back, stretching, and popping my bone. I reached into my pocket for the stash of berries I had kept, tossing one into my mouth.
"Are you afraid of the Hangman's Grove?" I asked. 
 "No, not really. When I saw him, it was dark, so I couldn't exactly see anything, but he didn't look completely dead, you know? Like, he looked—dead, just not...? I don't really know how to describe it..." 
 I reached for his hand, squeezing it. "It's okay. You don't have to explain. I'm sure if we see him, we'll understand what you felt" I assured. 
 Adrian beamed. "Thanks, Nova."
 We kept walking after that. Luckily, nothing chased after us, which was frightening and calming at the same time. The leaves braided with the sunlight, making it hard to see the map at times.  My battery was low, as well as Isabelle's. Chris eventually switched spots with me to help Adrian navigate the map, so Isabelle and I talked quietly, discussing trivial matters in our lives.
 During the few moments of peace, we had, I was able to enjoy the luxuries the forest offered. Every now and then, a cool breeze of cold hands patted our bodies, drying us of the sweat we created. The dirt was damp, slithering into the worn soles of our shoes and soaking our socks. It didn't bother me, really. It helped take my mind off of all the strenuous walking we were doing daily. I was sure just by doing these treks, I was losing at least ten pounds. Maybe more.
 The birds weren't singing again, at least, not today. Ever since Adrian's abrupt shout earlier this morning, I hadn't heard a single croak from the noir-colored pigeons. 
"Woah!" I gasped, tripping into Isabelle's sturdy back. She grimaced, tumbling into Chris, who stumbled into Adrian, who somehow managed to stay on his feet.
"What happened?" I asked. Adrian swirled around violently; a finger pressed firmly to his lips. I frowned.
"What happened?" I repeated, my voice hushed.
 Adrian nodded sternly. "Mercy's camp," he hissed. 
 Chris cursed under his breath. "Are you shitting with me? Here?" Adrian shrugged.
"We have no say against where she can or cannot camp. We just have to get around—quietly. Which means no pushing, no shoving, and absolutely no arguing over shit. Is that understood?" He growled, looking directly at Isabelle and Chris. 
"Fine!" Chris snapped.
  Isabelle grinned. "Okay with me." 
 Adrian nodded. "Good. Now follow me." 
 He crept around the tall blackberry plants, walking on his tiptoes. We followed him as he prowled around the main blocks of the camp, listening, and holding our breaths. 
 "I don't care if there's no space! Just get me there!" Mercy screeched arrogantly. I had to swallow a snicker.
 "No! I know Adrian's left! I'll get him another day!" 
Adrian's footing faltered and he nearly stumbled off the edge. I gripped his elbow, and he shot a grateful smile at me.
 "We need to see the Hangman, you idiots! I don't care how long it takes! Just get me to him to make this permanent!"
 "Make what permanent?" Chris mumbled to himself. 
"Listen to me, you self-centered idiotic monsters!" Mercy shrieked, sounding as if she were speaking from a microphone. "If you'd like to live permanently, then you'll get me a mortal, get me the hangman, and get me that sand vial!"
 Adrian yanked on my arm, suddenly looking very pale. I glared at him,
"Wh—!"
"Let's keep going. I don't want Mercy to catch us," he hissed. I stepped carefully over a dainty looking twig, scurrying after Adrian, not looking back until we were in the deep trenches of the forest. Once I saw the tension leave Adrian's shoulders, I let out the breath I didn't know I had been holding.
"What the absolute fuck was that?" Chris spat, holding his chest. "Why the hell did we run? What the hell is she talking about?" 
 Adrian looked away. "Adrian?" I touched his shoulder and he flinched.
"A sand vial...I touched a sand vial when I was there..."
"What? You said that you didn't touch anything!" I gasped.
  Adrian wrung his wrists. "I know! I know! But that was in the heat of the moment and I-I forgot!" 
 Chris yawned. "So, let me get this straight." He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose and you knew that he meant business. "You went out, at night, all alone, on the first day of camp—"
"Second," Adrian corrected softly. 
 Chris ignored him. "You went to the Hangman's grave and saw him-or possibly another dead person. Most likely another dead person. You walked into the Church—"
"Church?" Isabelle cut in. "What church?" 
 Adrian swallowed thickly. "There's a church on Hangman's Hill. It's old and crumbling, but it still has many good artifacts." 
 Chris snapped his fingers. "Speaking of artifacts, you touched a sand vial, a vial that could have possibly changed time and made the zombies tear out of their graves!" Chris clapped his hands sarcastically. "Well done, Adrian! God, one of the best ideas ever!"
"Would you stop it!" I snapped. "Adrian didn't know! It was an accident—"
"An accident that's costing lives!" Chris growled. 
 I glared at him. "It was an accident!" I repeated, snarling. "Are you sure it was just a vial?"
  Adrian shook his head. "No. It was an... hourglass? I think? I don't know, it felt like it. It was too dark to see otherwise." 
 I pursed my lips. "Okay...but still, even though you should have known better than to touch random things in a haunted cemetery, what happened, happened. We can't change it; we can only survive it. Right, Chris?"
 Chris scowled. "Yeah...yeah...sorry, Adrian."
 Adrian smiled weakly. "Nah, it's okay. It is my fault. I owned up to it...this whole apocalypse..." 
 It was as if a boulder had dropped onto Adrian's shoulders and nothing, we did could release the weight. I suppose figuring out that you caused an apocalypse that's costing lives worldwide would be a big weight on your shoulders.
"Hey," I squeezed his shoulder. "Everything's gonna be okay. We'll make it out of this alive, together." 
 Adrian sighed. "I-I just can't help but feel like shit now, especially knowing I'm the cause of all the lost lives..." his voice caught in his throat. "So many lives...all my fault..." He looked as if he were on the verge of breaking down and crying.
"Listen, Adrian," Isabelle spoke up firmly from the rock she had been previously sitting on. "Chris was wrong to lash out at you like that. Yes, the apocalypse is your fault, but it's up to you if you want to change that. It's up to you if you want to make it into a pity party, or if you want to get your ass up and do something about it!" 
 Adrian shook his head in his hands, refusing to listen.
"So many lives..." he continued to murmur. A broken sob coughed from him and I licked my lips, glancing at Chris and Isabelle. "So many families...all my fault..."
"We should find a place to camp," Chris muttered, looking up at the pink sky. 
I bent down next to Adrian. "We'll make it out of this alive, Adrian. We'll set things right," I whispered, all the while wondering if we really would.
We'd make it out of this apocalypse alive, right?





Chapter 12
"We're going to put a stop to this zombie crusade," Adrian announced promptly the next morning.
 I blinked out the hot fingers of the sun prying at my eyes. "What?"
"You heard me. We're going to scale Hangman's Mountain and put an end to this zombie shit," Adrian repeated, dumping a bucket of water over the burning campfire, the flames sputtering and crying, their fingers dissolving against the dirt. 
 I sat up, rubbing my eyes. "Have you lost your mind, Adrian?" I asked. "Scale Hangman's Mountain? Stop this apocalypse? You must be nuts if you think we can do that."
"I don't think we can. I know we can." Adrian knelt down in front of me, cupping my cheek. "We are strong enough to defeat this, Nova. We've passed so many challenges! Besides, this whole thing is my fault. I have to stop it."
"Adrian..."
"Look, I've come to terms with what I've done. Nothing can change my mind on that; I was stupid, I touched something I wasn't supposed to touch, and now I have a batshit ex after me."
  I yawned. "To be fair, I can understand where Mercy is coming from. I'd chase after you, dead or alive."
 Adrian smiled. "I know you would," he murmured "but I can't trust Mercy anymore. I've given her too many chances and she blew them all. I... I can't fall back down into her trap again. Besides," his thumb stroked my lip. "I love you. I don't love Mercy anymore." 
 I dropped my head, blushing. "I know you don't...I love you, too." Adrian leaned in, his lips soft and sweet against the tangy taste in my mouth. I was hesitant to kiss him back, especially with my morning breath, but he was persistent, his hands pressing against my shoulders.
"Oi! Break it up over there! This isn't a motel!" Chris hollered. Adrian broke away from me abruptly, his eyes hot.
"I suppose that's how you wake up on a weekend as well?" He gritted.
  Chris rolled his eyes. "Just break it off, okay? We don't have time for snogging." 
 I pulled the blankets off of my body, the warmth freezing in the brisk, slapping wind of the morning. "Where's Isabelle?"
 Chris pointed to the lump that kept rising and falling beside him. "She snores like a pig! How do you not hear her?"
  I shrugged. "I guess I'm just used to it?" I suggested. "Besides, you're just exaggerating. It's just because you're next to her."
"Yeah. You think you don't sound like a truck horn when you sleep?" Adrian chipped in. "Please! I've suffered many sleepless nights thanks to your snoring!" 
Chris scowled. "Sure," he grumbled. "Pin it all on me." He flung the blankets against Isabelle, skidding to his feet. The gravel and dirt underneath him crunched as he took a seat by me. Adrian grabbed some dead twigs.
"What are we doing, today?" Chris asked. 
"We're going to hike to Hangman's Mountain, or more specifically, the cemetery where the legend rests," Adrian mentioned. Chris's jaw clenched, but something sparkled in his eyes.
"Taking responsibility, huh?" He asked. Adrian looked up at him from under the hood of his eyes.
"I suppose you could say that. I really just want this whole thing to stop so I can sleep on a bed without worrying if Mercy's going to appear from the shadows," he joked.
  Chris, for the first time in a long time, smiled. "She is quite monstrous. How did you deal with her all those years?" 
"Honestly? I don't know. I guess that's what blind love makes you do." Adrian chipped the sticks against each other. "But, what can you do, right? You live and you learn."
"Thank god, too. I'm not sure how much longer I would have survived if I had to listen to Mercy complain about her broken nail again!" Chris sighed, stretching his arms over his head. "What did your parents think of your relationship? Did they approve?"
"At first. When Mercy started to change, they tried to get me to break-up with her, but I was a teenager then, and when do teens listen to their parent's advice? Hm?"
"That's true," I mumbled. "But in a way, I still kind of feel sorry for her. I mean, she came back, and all she wanted was you!" 
 Adrian breathed tiredly, dusting his hands. He picked the sticks up again, rubbing with much more vigor. 
"All Mercy wanted was my status and my money. That's it. And if she did want to be with me so badly, why did she wait for us to come to her? Why didn't she come to look for us?"
"It was most likely a coincidence meeting we had with her at the end of the paragula labyrinth," I assumed. "But you have a point. She does, however, seem pretty good at leading."
  Chris scoffed. "You mean demanding? Then yeah, she could be the next Napoleon Bonaparte." 
 Adrian gasped, blowing furiously on the flames. I shuffled back on the dirt to give the fire more room to expand.
"Why did you make a new fire instead of keeping the old one?" I asked.
"It was a stale fire, almost dying out anyway. Might as well change it, right?" Adrian dusted his hands again, leaning back on his knees. His jeans were coated in dirt and blood, but I don't think that mattered to him.
"What are we having for breakfast? Jam?" Chris sneered, his eyes dropping to the crushed berries in Adrian's sac.  
 Adrian chuckled. "No. Would you like some?" 
Chris stuck his tongue out, pinching his eyes shut. "Uh...hell no! But...what's for breakfast, then?" 
Adrian dug through his pouch. "I woke up earlier today and scouted the forest. Found some strawberries." He opened his closed fist up, revealing the plump, juicy fruit.
 I sighed. "You really never learn, do you?" I asked, picking a berry. 
 Adrian frowned. "What do you mean?"
"Not to sneak off? Or, at least don't go without someone else?" 
 Adrian shrugged. "You were all sleeping. I didn't want to bother any of you." He put a wooden board over the fire and placed a few berries on it, swirling the red liquid with a wooden spoon. "Besides, I was fine!"
"One day..." Chris muttered, glaring at the pool of red. A few leaves rustled behind us, a roar shaking the mountain. A couple of nuts dropped to the ground, some in which were edible, and which Adrian piled into his mysterious concoction.
"So... today's really just a travel day?" I asked.
  Adrian hummed. "Exactly," he murmured, eyeing his drink. "We have at least a day or two left until we reach the land bridge. Not only that, but we also have to pass by a waterfall to get there."
"We're also running out of meat, so we might wanna make a stop to get some meat," Chris added. 
 Adrian nodded. "Okay. I'm sure there'll be plenty of animals by the waterfall...if we know how to hunt."
  I bit into a strawberry.
"Have you ever watched those shows where the guys go into the woods and make weapons only using objects found in the woods?" I asked.
"Yeah...?"
"We could do that. I've watched quite a few."
"I have too," Adrian said. "It'll be good practice, sure!" Isabelle grunted, turning on her side and dangerously close to the edge of the river. 
Chris scoffed, blowing his hair out of his face. I scowled.
"Why do you hate Isabelle so much, Chris?" I asked. "What has she ever done to you?" 
"Nothing. I just don't like her."
"Why not?"
"I told you. I don't like her outgoingness and her constant chatter! I-I just can't see myself living with a woman like that!" Chris took a spoon, scooping some of Adrian's broth into his mouth. He grimaced, swallowing. "I'm sorry."
 A zap electrocuted my heart and I winced. "It's okay. You have every right not to like her," I mumbled. 
 Chris shrugged, wincing slightly, as if he regretted what he was about to say. "I like her as a friend. She's fun to banter with. As a girlfriend...I'm not so sure, sorry Nova." 
 I shrugged. "It's your choice, not mine, Chris. I won't force you, but I'll support both of you."
"Why?" Chris spooned another mouthful. "Even if I reject Isabelle, you'd still stick by me?"
"Of course! You're my friend, Chris." I shook his arm and he smiled at me. 
 Adrian coughed. "Right...speaking of Isabelle," he gestured to the cot, where Isabelle was now sitting up and rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. I smiled.
"Up already, Isabelle? You still have some time," I cooed softly. 
 Chris snorted. "Actually, you don't. We were going to leave you. You're lucky that you woke up now."
 Isabelle shot up comically on her cot and I glared at Chris.
  He shrugged. "What?"
"Is it already morning?" Isabelle whined. I folded a leaf into a messy cup and spooned some of Adrian's broth into the make-shift cup, handing it to her.
"Yep. I'd check the time on my phone, but I'd rather not waste any more battery."
"Today we're going to be hiking to Hangman's Grove, or rather, the cemetery to see if we can put a stop to this apocalypse," Adrian explained. Isabelle spluttered on her drink, choking and sending droplets of the mixture onto the dirt.
"What?" She asked. 
"You heard me," Adrian replied smoothly. "Get ready. We leave in five." He and Chris walked off to get their things ready and Isabelle stared at them as if they were aliens. Then, she turned to me.
"Adrian wasn't serious, was he?" She asked. 
 I nodded. "Yeah, he was," I affirmed. 
 Isabelle groaned, falling back on her mat. "Has he lost his mind already? Granted, I gave him about a week more before he did so, but really? He wants to hike I don't know how many miles to a graveyard in the middle of an apocalypse?!" 
 I knelt next to Isabelle. "Think of it from Adrian's perspective. He wants to right what he did wrong. Wouldn't you want to do the same?" 
 Isabelle chewed on her lip, my words hanging onto her. "I suppose...but why now? What changed?" 
"I don't know. You know how Adrian is. He gets these ideas overnight." I lent Isabelle a hand and with a smirk, she gripped my fingers, lifting her butt up from the ground while I pulled.
"Is it wrong I'm kind of excited to Hangman's Grove?" She asked.
  I clicked my tongue. "Not really. We're technically on vacation, so who the hell cares what we're exploring?" I asked.
 Isabelle smiled. "That's true." She dipped her cup into the water, scooping some water into the crude-looking leaf. She dumped the contents of the cup onto the fire, the wisps clawing and scraping against the ground before they dissolve. The leaves rustled around us as if approving of our choice to kill the fire.
I kicked the sticks into the forest, watching them roll away with no pity whatsoever. The bushes tickled my skin, the gentle fog parting from the clouds. 
"Ready, Nova?" Adrian called. I stood from the dirt, brushing my dark knees. My fingers ghosted over open wounds and I winced. That was going to take a while to mend.
"Coming!" I called. I stumbled to catch Adrian, who was watching me with a bemused smirk.
"How far is the graveyard from where we are?" I asked. 
 Chris clicked his tongue. "Well, that all depends. Where are we?" He questioned. Adrian scowled, slapping him gently on the back of the head with a rolled-up magazine.
"Shut up," he grumbled. "And to answer your question, Nova, we should be maybe a day or two away from the graveyard, if we're lucky."
"Lucky? That's what our luck has been reduced to? Graveyards, zombies, and murderous ex's?" Isabelle sneered. "Some luck that is."
  I rolled my eyes. "Don't jinx it." 
Isabelle stuck her tongue out at me as if she were a child being scolded by her mother.
 I chuckled. "Stick your tongue out all you want; that won't change anything," I assured. 
 Chris lowly whistled. "Are you guys actually fighting? That's a first." 
I glared at him. "Would you rather I fight with you?"
 Chris held up his hands. "Ah—no. I think I'll pass," he decided wisely.
  Adrian snickered. "You actually passed? Really? You wouldn't have passed on Isabelle, would you?" Chris turned to Isabelle, who was looking in awe at a butterfly perched on a branch.
  He shivered. "Yeah...no..."
"What time is it, though? Seriously?" Isabelle blurted suddenly. 
 I frowned. "I'm not sure..." I reached into my pocket for my phone. I pressed on the bump on the side of my cracked phone case, waiting for the flicker of my screen-saver that never came.
"What...?" I repeatedly punched the button, getting increasingly aggravated when it didn't work.
"Why isn't working?" Chris questioned.
"Mine isn't working either," Isabelle murmured.
 Adrian tapped my hand. "Uh...Nova..." 
 I looked to where he was pointing, my blood running cold. One after another, they tumbled, as if they were dominos.
"They've already taken out the power lines," Adrian groaned. "Shit!" 
 Chris growled. "Already? That must mean that they've already murdered everyone in East Avery!"
"Not necessarily," Isabelle mumbled. "Some might have escaped." 
 I glanced around the large land frantically, eyes swabbing the valleys and mountains. I caught our burnt camp out of the corner of my eye, the river following shortly after
"They can swim..." I whispered. 
 Adrian turned to me. "What?"
"They can swim! The zombies can swim!" I cried. 
 Chris's eyebrows dipped. "Are you losing your mind too, Nova? If the zombies could have swum, then they would have eaten our asses off on the first day!"
  I swallowed thickly. "Maybe that's what they wanted! Maybe they wanted us to believe that we could escape so that we wouldn't assume anything!" My heart rose at the realization of how easy I came to my assumption. 
 Chris scoffed. "Okay, so what does that mean, exactly?"
"Aren't you supposed to be the brains here?" Isabelle teased. "If they cut the power lines, they're isolating all of us from help!"
"So? I'd bet the whole world already knows about the apocalypse. Wouldn't they send help?" Chris asked. 
  Adrian licked his lips. "Probably not, considering they have their own affairs to worry about. But that won't stop us. We're going to put an end to this, once and for all," he said, his chest puffed up.
"If we can survive all of it," Chris grumbled.
  I giggled. "You really are a pessimist, huh, Chris?" I joked.
 He snarled. "Oh, and you're some optimist?" He shot back.
"Well, she's better than you," Isabelle mumbled. 
 Chris rolled his eyes. "I hate all of you," he mumbled. 
 I smiled. "Aww. We love you too, Chris," I cooed. 
 Chris shivered. "Don't ever sound so sickeningly sweet ever again." He ordered. 
 I shrugged. "You had it coming."
"Guys! Look!" Adrian pointed at the electricity zapping wildly between two electric poles as they tumbled to the ground. Oddly enough, instead of a golden static that usually grasped the two poles, a dark purple static took over, shooting into the sky.
"Uh...you don't think that that has anything to do with the zombie escapade, do you?" Isabelle murmured. 
 I sighed. "At this point? I'm not even sure anymore!" I tossed my hands into my pockets, grunting. "In all honesty, I just want to get this over with so I can go home and sleep in a warm bed."
  Chris's hands shot up. "See! She understands! My attitude is getting fucked because I haven't slept well in more than two fucking months!" He kicked a rock, which ultimately backfired because, for the next few minutes, we passed the time by watching Chris dance and howl around, holding his foot.
"Are you done?" Adrian inquired, his chin resting on his palm as he watched Chris with a half-lidded gaze. 
 Chris glared. "You try and hit a rock with a worn shoe. You'll see how painful it is!" He grumbled. 
 Isabelle rolled her eyes. "No, thanks. Unlike you, none of us are quite that fucked up yet," she sneered. 
 Chris snarled and I cut in quickly. "Isabelle, stop teasing him. Chris, if you wanted to become a dancer, you should have taken classes. Are you done performing? Or should I beg for an encore?" 
 Adrian coughed behind me, poorly covering his laughter. 
 Chris scowled. "Yeah... yeah, I'm done." He dropped his foot on the ground, wincing. I eyed him.
"Are you... okay? Do you want to take a look at it? How hard did you hit it?" 
 Isabelle tugged my shoulder. "Leave him, Nova. He's probably fooling around again," she sneered. 
 Chris clenched his jaw. "I'm not! My foot hurts like hell!"
  Adrian knelt in front of Chris, reaching for the strap of his shoes.
"What the hell are you doing, man!" Chris screeched. Isabelle cackled when he flailed backward, Adrian just barely managing to grab his wrist before he would have met his end by tumbling over the edge.
"I'm trying to check your foot. Heaven forbid you could have injured it, severely."
  Chris rolled his eyes. "Stop treating me like a baby, dude! I'm fine! It's just a kick! How hard could it have been?"
  Adrian raised an eyebrow, his hands planted on his waist. "Hard enough to make you dance like a drunken piece of shit," he grumbled. 
 Isabelle cackled harder, holding her stomach. I watched her as she stumbled backward, leaning against an untrustworthy pile of crumbling rock.
  Chris scowled. "Can you tell her to shut the fuck up before I make her?" He snarled.
"You? Make me shut up? You wish, Chris!" Isabelle howled. I had the right mind to call her out and tease her about how she had fantasized about Chris shushing her with his lips, but judging by the way Adrian was holding Chris back, I decided not to mention that tiny bit.
Chris shook Adrian's arm aside. "I'm fine, Adrian! Really!" 
 Adrian folded his arms over his chest and watched Chris carefully as he stood, only for him to wince at an unceremonious crunch from his foot. Chris howled, jumping back, and this time, Adrian, still looking at me, shot a hand out and grabbed Chris by the collar.
  Chris gulped. "Okay...so maybe something isn't right..."
 Adrian sighed. "You're damn right it isn't." 
 He sat Chris on a sturdy rock and slipped his sock and shoe off of his foot. Circling his toes, which luckily didn't look broken (odd?) was a round red bleeding circle of blood. 
"Ow!!!" Chris cried. Adrian breathed heavily as if he were trying to compose himself. 
"How bad is it really, Adrian?" I asked. 
Adrian looked up, his eyes dull and lacking their usual luster. "Let's just say we might end up begging at Mercy's knees."

Chapter 13
 "So, Chris, what's it feel like to see a zombie apocalypse from Adrian's shoulders?" Isabelle questioned, her chest heaving. I smashed my dagger against an incoming zombie, panting.
"It feels like shit! I'm petrified of heights!" Chris shrieked just as Adrian sliced through another cannibal. He rolled his eyes.
"Can you stop acting like a child for one goddamned second?" He growled. In the light, his eyes glowed a sharp golden color—one that sent chills chasing up my spine. 
"It's not my fault! How are you so goddamned tall?!" Chris screeched. I flipped over a pile of crates, my blade meeting the toned stomach of another, bulkier zombie. He roared, backhanding me into a tree. 
 I groaned. "Gods, Chris. I don't know which is making my headache worse—the zombies, or your constant complaining!" 
 Chris scowled. "Well, you asked..." he grumbled. Adrian hoisted him onto his shoulder with a grunt.
"Technically, I asked," Isabelle countered smugly. She helped me up, slamming a zombie into a branch. With a shriek, it disintegrated into dust, the ashes twisting with the wind and blowing away.
"The better question is: What the hell do you eat? You're goddamned heavy!" Adrian grunted. He stumbled his balance, just barely managing to hold Chris and do away with the zombie desperately trying to grasp his arm.
The day would have gone perfectly well, had Isabelle not taken control of the map. We traded with carrying Chris, especially since he injured his foot. It didn't break, thankfully, and it was fine now, after nearly a week of traveling and taking wrong turns. You'd be surprised how blurry a map can become after so many times in the water.
Chris had most certainly injured his foot the day he let his irritation get the best of him with Isabelle. To him, she was like a fly that wouldn't leave him alone. Because of this, his foot had to heal, which meant that he couldn't walk. Luckily, Adrian deemed him healed the night before, but didn't want him fighting in any battles just yet, lest he breaks his foot.
"Remind me again how we got ourselves into this messy battle?" Isabelle asked, eerily calm as she stabbed a zombie in the gut, then jammed the dagger up to the base of his throat. He hacked and clawed at the air before he disintegrated into ash.
"I don't know. How about you tell me, Isabelle," I growled. 
 Isabelle rolled her eyes. "I don't know what you're talking about..."
"Isabelle," Adrian said. "You're the one who was directing us. Nova was carrying Chris and I was trying to get some signal."
"So?" Isabelle slid underneath me, mud coating one side of her body. She collided with a group of the undead and sent them tumbling down the edge of the cliff we were fighting on.
"So, this whole thing is your fault, bitch," Chris growled. 
 Isabelle glared at him. "Says the damsel in distress," she sneered. I sucked a deep, irritated breath from my nose.
"Thank god it isn't Mercy," I mumbled. A sharp nail grazed my cheek and drew blood. I swung my dagger blindly, wincing when something crunched.
"You can say that again," Adrian agreed, sliding up next to me. Sweat coated his forehead and the air around us was thick with perspiration and death. I forgot what it felt like to breathe clean air, and not the gassy, thick scent of blood and rotting skin.
"She'd have your asses whooped by now," Chris grumbled from above me, his chin planted on his palm. 
 I sighed. "Isabelle was right. When are you ever not pessimistic?" 
 Chris shrugged. "I have a right to say what I want to say," he said firmly. Adrian and I shared a look.
"Whatever you say, Chris." I ducked, slamming my head into a lanky looking zombies’ chest. He spluttered, blood splattering from his mouth as he tumbled into Isabelle's perfectly positioned blade.
"Nice." We slapped hands as the ash lifted into the sky, coating my vision once more. I shook my hair and wiped a weary hand against my face.
 "Look!" Adrian cried. "They're retreating!" I whipped my head to the side, catching glimpses of the stumbling undead through my matted locks. I blew my hair aside roughly, watching them limp away with moans and grumbles. Their leader, a dead commander from the Confederate Army, glared daggers at us as if the silver, broken shards of his eyes could pierce our skin.
"Hasta la vista, bitches!" Isabelle cried, waving her arms hysterically in the air. Her hips swung from side to side as she did her happy dance, and from the corner of my eye, I caught Chris eyeing the movement slowly from his perch on a somehow not broken rock. 
"You seeing what I'm seeing?" Adrian murmured, warning me of his arrival. 
 I twisted my head slightly, leaning into the quick kiss he offered.
"Yeah. Are you sure they don't like each other?" I asked, leaning against him. Adrian gave a breathy chuckle.
"I'm not so sure anymore, especially with the way Chris is looking at her." He brushed some dirt and blood off of my shirt. The scent rose to my nose and nausea washed around my stomach in waves. I stepped away, my headache slowly returning.
"You okay?" Adrian reached for my elbow.
"Huh? O-Oh...yeah, just fine," I assured, swallowing thickly. 
 Adrian frowned. "Nova..."
"I'm fine!" I repeated, firmer. "It's just an aftershock, that's all."
"Are you sure? You haven't had this big of an aftershock in a while," Isabelle questioned.
  I shook my head, pressing my fingers against my pounding pulse. "I'm fine! I promise!" I said, even though nausea passed through me in waves. Isabelle nodded, then shook her head.
"God...now I feel sick," she groaned. Adrian cupped his hand over his eyes, tilting his head up to look at the sky.
"Well, it is quite hot," he murmured. "Not only that, but it's midday, after another zombie fight. We're probably just dehydrated and hungry; our body is running on fumes."
"But we have nothing left to eat!" Chris called from his spot by the rock. "Literally all we have are empty water bottles, some utensils, and pots, clothes, and nothing else! No berries, no food, nothing!"
"What?" Isabelle gasped. "And who do you think ate all of our rations?" She gave Chris a pointed look and for once, he withered under it. It made my heart pang.
"Leave him, Isa," I scolded lightly. Isabelle looked at me as if I spoke in Arabic. "Chris's injured. He had every right to eat more than we all did. He needed to heal."
"Oh, and like we don't?" Isabelle snapped. 
 Chris gave her a smug smile. "Told ya she'd side with me," he boasted. Isabelle mimicked him and snatched the wrappings from my open backpack, stomping off to a stump across from Chris to wrap her open wounds.
I glanced at Adrian, who was covering his mouth with his palm, his eyes squeezed together. I rolled my eyes.
"What's so funny?" I finally asked. 
 Adrian shook his head fondly. "So, you fell for Chris's pity face, huh?" He teased. 
 I frowned. "What pity face?"
"The face where he enlarges his eyes and makes the pouty lip. That face," Adrian explained. I looked at Chris, who was wiggling on the rock, his own way of happy dancing, I guessed.
"That's his pity face?" I asked. 
 Adrian nodded. "Yep. And you fell for it." He tugged a loose strand of my hair, teasing me. "Never knew you were a sucker for a babyface. Otherwise, I would have done it years ago to get your attention."
  I giggled. "You didn't have to. I always noticed you," I admitted. 
 Adrian smiled. "I know. I could feel your eyes on me like cold water. They're both blue." 
 I blushed. "I—ah—"
"Yo!" Isabelle yelled. "Are you guys planning over there? Or are you flirting?" Adrian mimicked her.
"Speak for yourself!" He yelled back. 
 Isabelle ignored him. "So... what are we going to do?" I asked. Adrian hummed, his eyes cast down on the wet dirt underneath our shredded shoes.
"I think we should get some water first and clean up, then we can worry about food," he decided. 
"There's a waterfall close by here," Chris said, rising to his wobbly knees. Adrian jogged over to him, helping him stand. With a flush, Chris pushed him away.
 "I'm fine!" He pressed. He unfolded the map in his hands. "Look, we're by the castaway border, about ten miles away from Hangman's cemetery. About five miles from here is a waterfall. We can clean up and filter some water while we're there."
 "What about food?" Isabelle asked. Chris kept his wet thumb on the blue and green print.
 "There's a forest bordering the waterfall. There should be some berries or some meat we can take from there," he offered. Adrian nodded and I found myself nodding with him.
"That sounds like a good place. Have any of you ever watched that primitive survival video's on YouTube?" He asked. 
 "You mean the ones where they make bows and arrows completely out of things in the forest?" I asked.
  Adrian smiled. "Exactly. I remember watching that so many times that I memorized it. I'm pretty good with a bow, so we could always some weapons if we had to."
"Let's get to the waterfall first," Isabelle grumbled, hoisting Chris up. He looked repulsed at how quickly she had grabbed him, but he didn't exactly complain like he used to. Instead, he leaned against her muddy side, grimacing at the thick wet dirt that clumped against his side.
"Welp, that's a first," Adrian hacked between grunts, stretching his arms above his head. A bone popped and I winced, gently pulling his hands down.
"There are a lot of firsts on this trip, Adrian," I said. 
 Adrian shrugged. "True, but that—" he pointed to Chris and Isabelle, who were lankily walking on the trail "—is always going to be something my brain can never compute and come up with a correct answer." 
 I scoffed. "You act as if love is college chemistry. With any luck, they'll be together by the end of the year!" 
 Adrian shivered. "I just realized—it's almost fall. If we don't put an end to this apocalypse by the Fall Solstice, then what?" 
I gulped. "Let's not think about that," I murmured.
"But we have to! We have to plan just in case something happens!" Adrian burst.
"Everything is puppies and rainbows, Adrian! Listen to Isabelle!" Chris called from the front. Isabelle shoved him on his side.
"When did I say that?!"
"You didn't, but I felt like you'd say something like that in the near future. Just wanted to save everyone their breaths." 
 I shook my head. "You know what, scratch wedding plans. These two are going to be stuck in the same circle for a long, long time."

~*~

 "Ah..." I cupped my hands into the brisk, chilling water of the waterfall and poured it over my head, basking in the cool wash of liquid, their fingers dancing over my skin. 
"Feels nice, huh?" Adrian commented, splashing me with a small wave. 
  I giggled. "You're telling me." I splashed him back. "But yeah, it feels amazing."
 "A bit chilly, if you ask me," Isabelle said. "Considering it's already the end of August."
"What are you doing, Chris?" I shouted. "Come join us!" 
 Chris looked up from the map he was reading, wrinkling his nose. "Uh, no. I think I'll pass," he grumbled. I shrugged, dunking my head into the clear rush of waves. 
 The waterfall hadn't been a very tedious walk, which was a relief to my aching bones. The dirt mixed with sand and created a soft, mushy texture underneath my toes. The pebbles were flat as if I were walking atop concrete. The trees leaned over the falls, giving us privacy with their thick branches and heavy leaves. The evening sun-drenched the area, soaking into our skin along with the water.
"Did you fill-up the bottles?" Adrian asked, rubbing some water into his hair. Chris held up a large, overfilled bottle for Adrian to see.
"Yep. All bottles filled, land bridge in sight—let's all go die today!" 
"Do you have to be so pessimistic, Chris? Can't you be optimistic for once?" Isabelle pleaded, wading out of the icy water. 
 Chris's shoulders rose and fell with indifference. "I'm just telling the truth. We are all going to die," he said. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Maybe if you had some confidence in us, we might not die?" I suggested.
  Chris looked down at his map. "I have no confidence in any of you whatsoever."
"Well, that's great!" Isabelle threw her hands up. "I'm stuck with a lovey-dovey duo and an idiot who only thinks about himself! Marvelous!" 
I scowled. "You're starting to sound like Chris," I commented. "And you say Adrian and I are lovey-dovey?" 
 Isabelle's face turned into a dark shade of red and Chris glared at me.
"Try that again, Nova. I dare you," he growled.
  I smirked. "What are you going to do? Come and splash me?" I taunted. Chris clenched his jaw, turning back to his book. I grinned.
"I thought so." I looked towards the narrowing edge of the stream, where the crumbling land bridge lay. Smooth arms wrapped around me and I leaned back.
"I'm not so sure I trust my life with that land bridge," I said. 
 Adrian huffed a chuckle above me. "I already used it, so it should be safe."
"Probably safer if we go one at a time," I decided.
  Adrian nodded, his chin tucked against my head. "Yeah. I'm not sure it can hold more than one person."
"What do you think the weight limit on that thing is?" Isabelle called. I waded over to her, internally missing the warmth Adrian provided.
"I don't know." I turned to Adrian. "Adrian? How much do you weigh?" 
 Adrian shrugged. "Somewhere around 120 pounds," he replied, his voice muffled from the towel covering his head. "I haven't weighed myself in a while, but I'm sure that those numbers have dropped by now."
"I'm pretty sure we've all lost a lot of weight," Chris said, handing me a new change of clothes. "What are we going to do about food?"
"I'm working on that," Adrian said, gesturing blindly to a pile of shaved sticks he had been working on. On my way to a bush, I picked one up, running my finger over the smooth body of the once bumpy stick.
"Are these arrows?" I asked. 
"Yeah. I'm almost done with the bow. I just have to finish the twine," Adrian said. I brushed my fingers against the braided leaves, frowning.
"Are you planning on finishing this tomorrow? Or when we're all dead?" Chris deadpanned before I could. 
 Adrian grunted. "Today, obviously. If Mercy sees us at Hangman's grave, I'd rather have some weapon touch her than me."
  I rolled my eyes, walking out of the bushes. "You're overexaggerating," I drawled, picking up the twine. "Camilla once taught me how when Garret was away with Mom on a trip. We were bored, and she was fairly new to our house, so as a way to get to know me, she tried to teach me how to braid twine." I tugged at the loose strands. "It was actually pretty fun."
Chris waved aside my nostalgia. "Yeah, yeah. Just get it done so I can get to a nice bed and sleep for god knows how long."
Isabelle rolled her eyes. "Why don't you help her?" She suggested. 
"Does it look like I know how to braid?" Chris snarled.
  Isabelle shrugged. "I don't know. You tell me," she shot back. I ignored them, my nimble fingers flying over the twine. I could feel Adrian's forest-green eyes following me, following my movements. Heat crept up my neck, an eagerness to make my braid flawless taking over me.
"Done!" I exclaimed, holding my twine braid up proudly.
  Adrian whistled, taking the piece from my hands. "Beautiful," he murmured, his soft eyes glancing up at me from the hood of his eyelids. 
 I blushed. "I mean, it's okay..." 
 Adrian hummed, sparing me a short glance before attaching the rope to his makeshift bow, triple-knotting the tops so that they stayed.
"Works perfectly," he buzzed, plucking the rope. The bow vibrated just as something rustled on the opposite side of the bank. Adrian grinned, reaching for his arrow.
"You're not really going to shoot at that bush, right?" I asked. Adrian winked.
"But of course, I am!" He patted my shoulder. "Don't worry. I've practiced with a bow and arrow before." 
 I could practically feel Chris rolling his eyes. "What did I tell you?" He grumbled. "We're all going insane!"
I rolled my eyes, heat rolling off of me in waves. "Oh, stop being so dramatic and enjoy the show!"
"Which show?" Isabelle questioned, a playful tinge in her voice. "Adrian's exposed chest? Or how he's shooting blindly into the woods?"
"Whatever you want to look at," I drawled, knowing she'd expect me to act jealous. Isabelle's eyes rose at my unexpected answer and she smirked at me.
"Be quiet. I'm trying to concentrate," Adrian ordered sharply, knocking an arrow into his bow. Isabelle and I shared a look, watching curiously as Adrian's bow wavered for a few moments, then he let go, the arrow flying cleanly into the bushes. The leaves rustled and something cried out in agony.
"Let's go!" Adrian yelled, jumping to his feet. Ignorant to his dripping clothes and sodden sneakers, he raced to the land bridge, running over the cracked rocks to the bush. I helped Chris to his feet.
"Ready to follow, Einstein?" I joked.
  Chris bristled slightly. "Are you talking about him, or me?" He asked. I shrugged.
"Who would you rather it be?" I replied. Chris's lips twitched into a high smirk, the first in days.
"You're becoming a smart-ass, Nova," he murmured. "You're learning."
  I grinned. "Only from the best." We shared a laugh, and out of the corner of my eye, I caught Isabelle giving us the stink eye. I stopped laughing, but she was already waltzing across the land bridge to follow Adrian. I helped Chris steady himself, and once he was okay, we each walked over the bridge one by one.
"You know, somehow, I felt that walking over that bridge should have been a more...magical, moment? I guess?" 
 Adrian shrugged. "I suppose it's just because we've been trekking all this time for it. The moment feels surreal, huh?" His arm slithered around my waist, pulling me flush against him. Heat crept up my neck.
"Uh—yeah, I guess," I mumbled. Adrian smiled, bending down into the bush. When he rose up, he was cradling a large rabbit in his arms, the arrow pierced perfectly through its bushy neck.
Isabelle whistled. "Well, color me impressed. Didn't know you could shoot, Wolfson." 
 Adrian grinned. "There's a lot you don't know about me, Cayde," he replied back. He stuffed the rabbit into his backpack, the latch clipping shut firmly.
"If we don't reach the graveyard by tonight, this rabbit will be our dinner," he said, patting his backpack. Chris rustled from beside me, the crinkled map open in his hands.
"We're only twenty miles away from the graveyard. And with—" he glanced up at the sun "—at least four hours left until nightfall, I believe we should reach the yard by tomorrow."
Isabelle flinched. "Gross! I'm not sleeping in a graveyard full of dead people!"
  Chris scoffed. "What? Did you expect the graveyard to have a five-star hotel waiting for you?" He sneered. "Wake up, Princess! We're living during an apocalypse! Accept it!" 
 Isabelle snarled. “Who you callin' a princess you—!" She ran up to catch Chris in the front of the line, continuing her bickering nonsense. Adrian and I looked at each other, his large hand encompassing mine. I smiled.
"Well, it's going to be a long, long night."








Chapter 14
 "You know, once, my mom said she had to take maggots out of a dead man's body in the hospital," Isabelle said.
  Chris turned on the rock he was lounging on. "Why do I have to know that, exactly?" He asked. 
 Isabelle shrugged. "I was just looking at that dead fish and remembered," she replied.
  I glanced at the lake we were resting by, catching a glimpse of the dead fish with crawling white worms.
"Uh, it's best you don't look at those while eating," Adrian mentioned casually, pointing his spoon at my leaf filled with meat. I swallowed the thick bile in my throat, pinching my eyes shut.
"Gross, Isabelle," I grimaced. Isabelle spooned some meat from my leaf onto hers.
"Sorry. I forgot that you're a slow eater," she said. I stuck my tongue out, closing my eyes and swallowing a spoonful of watery meat. The fire crackled in front of me, my throat closing in retaliation to the meat. Forcing it down my throat, I tried to shake the image of the dead fish away from the pitch black of my mind.
"Do you think that will be us?" Chris questioned. 
 My eyes snapped open. "What will be us?"
"That dead fish." 
Adrian rolled his eyes. "Can you explain? Do you mean dead? Or eaten by maggots?"
"Both," Chris replied curtly. I glanced between the maggots and the crackling of the fire.
"I don't know," I admitted. A roar rose above us, shaking the trees, but by now, we had gotten so used to it that it hardly bothered us. "Would you rather be the fish? Or the maggot?"
  Chris wrinkled his nose. "Neither, thank you very much." He sighed. "But if I had to choose, I'd say the maggot, just because it's the predator between the dead fish and itself."
"I don't know. I'd rather be a fish just because I think that maggots are easier to kill than fish are," Adrian said.
"Neither is fine for me," Isabelle murmured, tossing her leaf into the river. The water rippled and the leaf sunk, surprisingly enough.
 "Are we all done eating, at least?" Adrian asked. "Before we talk about maggots and anything else that sounds disgusting?"
"You're telling me," I grumbled. "And no, I still have some left to finish."
"Me too," Chris added, glancing at his leaf. Adrian wiped a tired hand over his eyes.
"Tired, Adrian?" I asked. 
 Adrian's shoulders rose and fell with indifference. "Not really. Mostly thinking."
"Thinking of what?"
"Of what to do now."
"What do you mean?" Isabelle questioned. "Obviously now we go to sleep."
"If we sleep now then it'll take another day for us to reach the graveyard," Chris snapped. "We're already on Hangman's Mountain. We might as well keep trekking." 
 I nodded. "Besides, it'd take a whole other hour just to set up the bedrolls and put our bags into the trees to keep them away from the animals."
Isabelle sighed. "I suppose so." 
 Chris clapped her shoulder. "Come on. It's not that bad. We only have five miles left before we reach the graveyard. And with no Mercy or any other zombie parade insight, we should reach by daylight."
"You do realize that they're zombies, right? Not vampires?" Adrian commented dryly. 
 Chris scowled at him. "Yes, but they burn up in the sun just like vampires do," he said.
I spoke suddenly, almost forgetting that my lips were pressed together for so long. "Mercy didn't, though." 
 Adrian's green eyes swiveled to me. "What do you mean?" He asked.
 I threw my clean leaf into the direction that Isabelle did, pulling my knees up to my chest to rest my head-on.
"When we escaped the paragula's and the labyrinth, it was daytime. The other zombies may have been fuming, but Mercy wasn't." 
 Chris and Adrian shared a look.
"Maybe because she's the leader, she gets some special power?" Chris suggested. "I'm going on a limb here, really."
"No, no. You may be onto something," Adrian said. "Mercy did seem pretty powerful—"
"—yet all it took was a hit to the head to knock her unconscious," Isabelle drawled. 
 Adrian's lips curved. "Everybody has a weak spot. Maybe that was Mercy's," he said. "It would be risky to travel at night, especially because the zombies seem more prominent at night, but what other chance do we have? She's probably still on the other side of the mountain looking for us. We should use all the time we've bought."
"So, let's start packing, then." I hoisted a begrudging Isabelle up and handed her a wooden bowl we had found earlier that day. She grumbled to herself, trudging to the lake. When she returned, she dumped the contents of the bowl onto the fire. The flames hissed and clawed at the ground, their wisps grasping for my shoes. 
"Was the begrudging display needed?" I asked, an eyebrow raised. Isabelle sneered, tossing the bowl to me. The round utensil bounced in my hands before I managed to catch it. I scowled.
"Yeah, yeah, it was," she replied, waltzing to the bags. Puffing echoed from next to me and when I turned, I was facing a red-faced Chris.
"Told ya. She's one I don't want to handle with for the rest of my life," he said. 
 I frowned. “And like I said—Isabelle's just upset because she's tired. She's not impossible to live with." 
 Chris grunted, lifting a bag onto his shoulders. He fixed the straps, looking up at me.
"I doubt that," he said, walking away. I stared after him, then looked back at Isabelle, who looked like she was throwing a mini temper-tantrum to herself by the trees. I sighed tiredly. Was Chris, right?
"What's with the hefty sigh?" Adrian voiced above me. "You tired?" 
 I blinked the powerful sleep out of my eyes, yawning.
"No," I replied. "Just concerned and frustrated." 
Adrian fixed the straps on his bag, ruffling my hair.
"Isabelle and Chris will learn on their own. Sometimes it's best to leave it that way," he consoled. 
 I chuckled. "I suppose. But with Chris's blatant attitude and Isabelle's whiney attitude, I doubt it'll work." Adrian rolled his shoulders.
"Well, there's always a first for everything."

~*~

"How much longer?" Isabelle whined. I kicked the rocks by my feet, peering over the ledge to watch them tumble to the ground.
"Do you think I have my GPS on me?" I snapped. 
 Isabelle ignored me. "Chris! How much longer?" She shouted. I could feel Chris's eyes scorching the back of my neck, his gaze clam with an undercurrent of fury.
"Why are you asking me?" He asked. 
 Isabelle growled. "Because you have the map, maybe?" She asked, speaking through gritted teeth. Chris hummed.
"So, I do," he replied, sounding distant. 
 Adrian nudged me. "Is she going to blow?" He whispered. 
 I shrugged. "Isabelle's like a ticking time bomb, except this bomb, explodes whenever she wants to," I replied. "In other words, I have no fucking idea."
"Chris. How. Much. Longer?" Isabelle snarled. 
 Chris rose an eyebrow. "What? Is that supposed to scare me?" He sneered. "You should try harder. You sound like a kitten, not a lion."
"That's it." Isabelle rolled her sleeves up and slammed Chris against the rocky wall. He grunted, the map slipping out of his hands.
"Isabelle!" Adrian and I both exclaimed. In the darkness of the night, it was hard to see who was who, especially on a thin ledge like the one we were standing on. Through the dim light of the moon, we could see what looked like two silhouettes dancing dangerously close to the edge, except these silhouettes were fighting, not dancing.
"Well, it looks like the bomb exploded," Adrian grumbled. His green orbs, in the moonlight, illuminated a sharp golden color, as if the sun had fit into his eyes. He handed me the backpack, walking over to the two fighting forms. I held my breath, watching as the silhouettes were forcefully ripped away from each other. Adrian's muscles tensed as he held Chris by the scruff of his shirt. He tossed Isabelle towards me and I caught her hastily.
"What was that for? Huh?" Isabelle yelled.
  Adrian glared at her. "We have no time to waste our energy on petty fights," he roared. "So shut up, save your energy, and keep walking!"
  Isabelle gingerly touched her arm, which was turning a slight shade of blue.
"Oh, so you'll yell at me and not her?" Chris growled jaw clenched. Adrian dropped him with a thud on the ground, the dirt blowing out.
"I'm yelling at the both of you. What are you? Kids?"
"No..." Isabelle murmured.
"Really? Could have fooled me," Adrian grumbled. He took a bandage from his pocket and wrapped it crudely around Isabelle's arm, all of his earlier gentleness gone. The toll of these past few days had been slowly making its mark on Adrian, no matter how hard he tried to hide it. The dark circles under his eyes and the pale skin that kept becoming paler by day were no secret to me, or to anyone else. It was only a matter of time before Isabelle's time bomb snapped, but what about Adrian's? How long would he hold on for?
"Are you hurt, Chris?" Adrian questioned, holding the anti-disinfectant up. Chris wiped his lip, red liquid dripping onto his wrist. Adrian walked over to him, bending down and helping him wipe the stinging medicine onto his lips.
"Are you okay, Isabelle?" I murmured. Isabelle nodded, whimpering.
"I-I'm fine, Nova," she replied shakily. 
 I sighed and rubbed her shoulder. "Please be careful. You know you can't let your anger get the best of you. What if you got hurt, or if Chris was hurt? How would we get home?"
  Isabelle squeezed her eyes shut. "I know, I know. Fuck...I'm sorry," she murmured. 
 I smiled. "It's okay. Just be careful next time."
"Next time?" Chris broke away from Adrian, scoffing. His eyes were ablaze in the white glow of the sphere above us. "What 'next time'? When will there be a next time? You know when? Never! There will never, ever be a next time! Adrian, Nova, I don't mind hanging out with you guys, but you—Isabella—!"
"Isabelle!" Isabelle cried, standing up. Her shaky hands were clenched into balls, her eyes watery. 
 Chris rolled his eyes, his teeth grating together. "Whatever, Isabelle. You are the most stuck up, irritating, spoilt brat I've ever met!" He growled. "I don't care about how much you like me! I don't like you! I'm can't—I'm not in love with you!" 
"What...?" Isabelle took a step back, and Chris's eyes softened suddenly, remorse flashing through his features for a split second. It was as if he had just woken up from a dream, and was facing the reality. "W-What do you mean...?" 
 Chris took a deep breath as if steeling himself. His hands were in loose balls at his sides, clenching, and un-clenching. He took a step towards Isabelle, and she took a step back, her eyes wider than a beachball.
"Isabelle," he carried every syllable of her name out, the word rolling off his tongue. "I-I'm so sorry, Isabelle, but...I don't love you. I-I can't imagine myself living with someone like you...You belong with someone else, anyone else..." Chris's voice cracked and his chest was heaving. He looked broken and my heart panged for him.
"Nova?" Isabelle was trembling. "D-Did you tell him?"
  I held my hands up quickly. "Isabelle, I swear! I didn't tell him anything!" I swore. 
"She didn't," Chris agreed, his eyes downcast. For a man that had once been yelling like a lunatic, you wouldn't have guessed that it was Chris. "I found out on my own, Isabelle. I'm sorry, I never meant to be harsh on you... I didn't want to tell you myself...Nova..."
"It's good that you told her, Chris," I said. "It was your problem, your war to fight...I could only support the both of you—"
"No!" Isabelle shrieked, desperate. "No! Why...what did I do wrong? W-What do you want me to change?" 
 Chris sighed, his hand floating to Isabelle's shivering shoulder. "Isabelle, I don't want you to change. Y-You just don't deserve someone like me..."
"How can you say that?!" Isabelle cried. "How can you tell me that I don't deserve you? You don't choose who you fall in love with, Chris! I don't care!"
"Isabelle—" I stepped forward, the moon illuminating my shadow. The trees rustled, the rocks clattering to the valley below us. The wind howled as if it were weeping.
 "No! Leave me alone!" Isabelle choked. She gazed at me, her eyes glazed, then ran, her shoes clicking on the rocky pavement as she scrambled to the forest.
"Isabelle!" Before Adrian could reach for me, I chased after her, only catching a glimpse of the heartbroken expression Chris wore. 
 The trees became a blur in my vision, the dirt morphing into a speedway. My legs ran as if they were on automatic, my body swaying and moving with it. Isabelle made no move to hide her tracks, and in the glint of the white light, I could easily catch her shoe prints, the dirt soggy from her river rampage.
 I willed my legs to slow when the cool trickling of water rushed into my ears. The soothing sound reminded me of a siren's singing, and since the tracks led to the river already, I followed the sound, halting when a bobbing shadow slumped on the ground caught my eye.
 "Oh, Isabelle..." I walked towards her on my toes, trying to slow my heart even if the thumping resonated loudly in my ears. Isabelle hardly acknowledged my presence. She simply ignored me; her lifeless eyes trained on the constant flow of the river.
"What did I do, Nova?" She asked hoarsely.
  I froze. "What did you do?" I repeated. Isabelle sloshed her hair, avoiding my gaze.
"I always knew Chris didn't reciprocate my feelings, but why did he have to say it to me...like that? It's not like I ever expected him to say otherwise but..." She whimpered. "What did I do wrong?" 
I knelt next to her, scanning my surroundings when a roar rippled through the mountain. Shrugging it aside I hugged her gently.
"Isabelle, Chris misspoke. He yelled at you out of fatigue, out of anger and he had no right to do that. What he said may have been the truth, but you too fueled his fire, didn't you?"
"Yeah...I did taunt him..." Isabelle stood from the ground. "I never wanted to fight, Nova. But he can make me so angry, you know? So irritated-ugh! I don't know why I fell for him in the first place."
"The heart wants what it wants, Isabelle," I murmured.
"Easy for you to say. Your feelings were reciprocated," she sneered bitterly. "Look at me. I just got rejected by my crush as if he were spelling the ABC's to me."
"Do you think he wanted to do that?" I asked. 
 Isabelle glared at me. "Obviously, seeing how blunt he was about it," she growled.
"I don't know, Isabelle. I don't think Chris was genuine with his rejection of your feelings," I stood up from the mud, my knees coated in thick the thick liquid.
"How do you know? All throughout this trip we've only been fighting—"
"—or flirting," I cut in. 
 Isabelle looked at me sharply, her eyes wide and her lips parted. "What...?"
"You heard me," I smirked. "I know Chris likes you, he's just in denial. He puts up a big front about it, but I've seen him looking at you before, Isabelle. He likes you; he really does. You just have to be patient with him." 
 Isabelle sniffled. "But he just rejected me..."
"Everyone says things that they don't mean to say when they're angry," I said. "Chris did tell me that he didn't like you, but I for one believe that he's bluffing about that."
"How can I be sure?"
"You can't," I said, leading her out of the forest. "We can never be sure when it comes to love. But he said you needed someone better. He doesn't think he's enough for you." 
 I stayed quiet after that, letting her contemplate everything she had just been told. I pushed branches and leaves out of my way, making my path back to the last two members of our group. Adrian rushed over to the both of us, immediately scolding us for running away like that, but I wasn't listening. My eyes were on Chris's slumped form, his head in his hands, his voice coming out in incomprehensible mumbles.
"Chris?" Chris's head snapped up as I approached. He eyed me warily, his eyes red and his cheeks puffy.
"What?" He snapped, his voice cracking. He wiped at his eyes, wiping his hands on his jeans. 
"Chris...did you mean what you told Isabelle?" I murmured. 
 Chris looked away. "I don't know what you're talking about." A mix of white and blue light glimmered on his face and I swallowed the growl that was rising from my throat. I squeezed his shoulder, which on his shirt, cast a shadow of long, dark claws.
"Chris, please...did you mean that?" I pleaded. Isabelle and Adrian were out of earshot, though Adrian would constantly glance at me. A few seconds of silence passed before he let out a breath that sounded like he had been holding it for a long time.
"I didn't," he admitted. "I said that in a blind rage. I wasn't lying about the annoying spoilt brat part, that-that was true. But...when I—"
"You guys okay?" Adrian barked from a place close to the ledge.
  I looked up. "Yeah!" I gave Chris a hand. "You coming?"
Chris looked distant, his mouth open as if he wanted to protest, but he didn't. Instead, he closed it and reached for my hand, standing up.
"Let's end this shit once and for all."


Chapter 15
"This is Hangman's graveyard?"
 I turned at Chris's disbelieving voice, searching in the blinding morning light for his stature. The hot fingers of the sun and moon colliding forced my eyes shut, yet I willed them to open, eager to see the land that we had worked so hard to reach.
 The land was barren for the most part, except for the graves scattered around the damp grass. Thick white sheets floated around my body and I waved my hand, blowing the clouds aside. My knees trembled, my hands shaking. 
 A large, broken church stood wonkily on a hill that was covered with red puddles and the stems of what I assumed used to be flowers. The stones around the church were in a clutter of rocks by the murky river. The cobwebs were strung in high areas of the church windows, a place I presumed nobody could ever climb to.
"What? Where you expecting a Disney version?" Isabelle sneered.
 Chris scowled, glaring at her, "I didn't know what to expect, but I certainly didn't expect it to be so...clean."
 Adrian knelt in front of a grave that was shattered in half, sifting the rocks between his fingers. "This was how it was when I arrived months ago. I doubt Mercy or anyone else had any time to do anything to this place before they were on the move."
 I kicked a rock by my feet. "It's actually sort of a serene place when you think about it." 
 The rock clattered to the concrete area by Chris's feet, and he looked down. "However serene it may be, are you sure this is the right place?"
 Adrian nodded. "Yes. We crossed the land bridge and followed the path. That path only leads to one place: Hangman's Graveyard."
I frowned, kneeling by a grave. The inscription was dedicated to a man who had supposedly died in the late 1800s, though the exact death was hard to read. Moss had grown over most of the script, making only the name and the year of birth visible.
"Do you think all of the zombies came from here?" I asked.
 Isabelle, who was inspecting a grave beside me, shrugged. "Who knows. Is this the only graveyard on Hangman's Mountain?"
"Yes, so we'd have to assume that they started coming from here itself," Chris replied, folding the map into his backpack.
"Where's Adrian?" I asked suddenly, rising to my feet. 
Chris's eyes narrowed. "I don't know. Adrian!"
"Over here!" Adrian's voice was barely above a whisper, and my heart spiked. He was kneeling by a broken, dusty grave, one that was in surprising mint condition.
"What is it...?" My words died on my tongue as I neared him, the beating of my heart dropping. Adrian looked away, refusing to meet my eyes.
Isabelle's footsteps crunched behind me. "What is it, Nova? Why did you stop—" her voice caught in her throat at a glance at the grave we were standing in front of.

MERCY ANDERSON
LOVING SISTER, DAUGHTER, FRIEND
APRIL 28, 2003—JUNE 5TH 2015

"Oh, good lord..." Chris murmured, running a hand through his hair. His eyes were wide, his cheeks painted a bright red color.
 I touched Adrian's shoulder, but he hardly flinched. "Adrian? D-Did Mercy die...?"
 "Do you see that church over there?" Adrian asked gruffly, standing. I glanced at Isabelle, then nodded.
 "Yes. Why?"
 Adrian took a deep breath as if steeling himself. "Years ago, when I was stupid and blind, I snuck away to a party up here, on Hangman's mountain. A fire broke out, and Mercy died. End of story." He brushed his jeans nonchalantly, but I could sense the guilt in his eyes and heart.
 "I won't ask," Chris said, speaking first and breaking the eerie silence, "But I have to say: If this is called Hangman's mountain, where's the hangman?"
 Isabelle turned on him with her mouth ajar, her eyes narrowed. "You actually want to find that freak?"
 Chris's eyebrow rose. "Yes? What's so wrong about that?"
 Isabelle gestured around wildly, her arms flailing. "Uh, hello! We're in the middle of an apocalypse, and you actually want to find a half-dead person?!" The branches and trees rustled and she jumped, earning a short laugh from Chris.
 "Yes. Perhaps this 'dead person' as you so put him, might have a clue as to how to put an end to this pandemic."
 Isabelle grumbled under her breath, "Half-dead, technically."
 I smiled at them, glad to see Isabelle's mood dwindling back to her regular attitude. It was a bit unnerving that Mercy hadn't caught up with us by now, but I decided not to dwell on the negative. Seeing as Isabelle and Chris were poking through the graves, I went to join Adrian by where he was standing in front of the church.
 I wrapped my arms behind his back and he stiffened. "What are you thinking about?"
"Oh, Nova, it's you." Adrian deflated in my arms and I pulled away, moving to stand next to him.
"Well? Are you becoming a brooding adult already?" I teased. 
Adrian scoffed, reaching for my hand. "No, just thinking, really."
"Hm? Thinking about what?"
"How if I hadn't been so curious, none of this would have happened."
 "Adrian..." I turned his body to face mine and noticed that his green orbs wouldn't meet mine. "Adrian, listen to me. We all agreed that this apocalypse wasn't your fault. Sure, you were curious, and you let your curiosity get the best of you, but you couldn't see anything in the dark! Besides, you made the right choice to fix this problem." I pushed myself up on my toes and kissed his cheek, the dry, salty taste sticking to my lips. "Not many men would be as brave as you were and do that."
 I could feel Adrian's cheeks rise against my lips and I pulled away, gazing into the warm forest glow of his eyes. His fingers grazed my jaw, his thumb drawing at my lip.
 "I'm so lucky to have a girl like you in my life, you know that Nova?" He murmured. 
 "Now I do," I replied, my voice so soft I'd bet only an ant would be able to hear it. Adrian gave a quick, huffing laugh, his eyes closing as he leaned in, his lips salty and warm against mine. Just as quickly as he did, though, he pulled away, hand still on my cheek.
 "Why did you choose a church of all places as a party?" I asked. 
 Adrian shrugged. "I didn't choose the place. One of the guys in my class did, and he was a very popular person, so nobody questioned his choice...if only someone did."
 "No wonder your parents didn't want you coming here," I murmured. Broken sheets of rock clattered at my feet and I leered away, leaning against Adrian's warm side.
 Adrian chuckled. "It used to be beautiful, long before the fire broke out."
 I snorted. "You sound as if you're an eighty-year-old man."
 Adrian rubbed my shoulder, his eyebrow-raising. "Yes, I've been told I speak like that. I suppose it's just a habit."
 I shoved his shoulder. "Stop it!"
 He smiled. "Why should I? Seeing as it makes you smile like that, why should I stop making that smile appear?"
"Yo!" Chris's voice echoed over the wide expanse of the graveyard. "Are you guys done being mushy? Because we found something here that you might want to check out!"
 Adrian and I shared a glance, eyes narrowed. Then, we took off, racing across the dirty fingers trying to drown our shoes in the ground to the backyard of the church. The door there looked like it had been ripped off, as well as most of the wall.
"What is it—" the words died on my tongue and I barely felt it when Adrian collided into my back, luckily not sending us tumbling to the ground.
 A large hanging post stood in the middle of the backyard, the grass around it yellow and crinkled. Isabelle and Chris were both standing in front of it, their bodies still, unmoving.
 Hanging by a worn looking rope, body squirming and coated with open bruises and blood on his grey skin, was the hangman himself. His throat bobbed, but only hacking sounds came out of his mouth, from the vantage point that Adrian and I were standing at.
 "...Should we approach it...?" I murmured, my mind blank. I felt like a zombie myself, my heart still, my fingers numb, my body cold. I wanted to wash my eyes in the river before me, but I knew that I wasn't dreaming. Honestly, with everything that had happened in the past few months, I didn't know if I could ever feel shocked to the core again.
 "Yeah. If Isabelle and Chris are okay, then I'm sure we'd be okay, too," Adrian replied shakily, his fingers gripping the gaps in the palm of my hand.
 "Are you scared?"
 "What—No! Why do you say that?"
"You're shaking." I squeezed his fingers. "You'll be fine." 
 Adrian glared at me. "I'm not scared," he repeated with the strength that he didn't have before. 
 I rolled my eyes. "Whatever you say, hotshot."
 Adrian's voice cracked, and before he could voice his response to my jab, I walked towards the hangman, internally gagging at his peeling, dangling skin. His eyes held no color, no motion. They sagged in his sockets, as did most of his body in the rope. 
 "Are you sure he's alive?" I asked. I wanted to poke him, but Isabelle held my wrist.
 "Just watch," she said calmly. 
 I wrenched my wrist away from her, blowing my lips and looking up. The Hangman continued to hang limply, but once I felt Adrian's warm side against mine, he began to hack, his eyes popping from their sockets. I stumbled backward, Isabelle beside me just as his eyes rolled around before training them on me.
 It might have been the white clouds by my eyes, but something about his gaze ignited a spark in me, one I hadn't felt ever since I had had my conversation with Garret in the kitchen.
 The Hangman's mouth opened, drool dripping from the corner of his broken neck. His veins popped from his dark skin, the blood making me nauseous. He tried for a smile, his mouth toothless.
"Nova...my little Nova..." he murmured. Adrian's bulky arm curled around my waist.
"How do you know her name?" He demanded sharply. The Hangman ignored him, reaching limply for me. I stared at him; my heart lodged in my throat.
"W-What...?" 
The Hangman groaned as if it pained him to speak. "My Nova...my Supernova..."
 It was as if something had clicked inside of me, a lightbulb going off inside my head. I took a shaky breath, stepping forward. Adrian's fingers dug into the skin of my hip, but I looked at him, my eyes begging him to trust me, and with downcast eyes, he released me but stayed in close proximity to me.
 "Only my father called me Supernova," I said. "What was your birth name?"
 The Hangman grinned, or, that's at least what he looked like he was doing. "My birth name is Karam Bellthorne. My wife was an American, Evelyn, and my children, Garret, and Nova Bellthorne. It's me, Nova."
 I didn't want to believe him. I almost thought that it was too good to be true. Questions pounded through my mind one after another, but I shook them aside. I took another step forward, my voice barely above a whisper.
 "What happened?"
 The Hangman, or rather, my dad, shrugged the best he could while hanging. "One of my expeditions went wrong. What else can I say?"
"That's not good enough." Adrian stepped forward, glaring daggers at my dad. "How did this start? The Hangman legend has been around for centuries! You, I'm sure, are not centuries old."
 My dad sighed as if he dreaded the oncoming conversation. He craned his neck against the rope, grimacing. "Alright...where do I begin?"
 "How about starting off with how this all happened?" I suggested my hands in balls by my sides. Tears pricked my eyes, but I pushed them aside. This was no time to cry, especially with the hot heat of the sun dissolving the salty droplets before they even made it down my cheeks.
 My dad shrugged as if he could have cared less. "What your boyfriend says is true, Supernova. The Hangman has been around for centuries."
 "Why?" Chris asked, breaking his silence. 
 "A crime...I committed when I was young." Dad looked away. "I was foolish, I was blind, and my actions cost lives—many lives. As punishment, I was hanged, yet I was too young when I had been hanged. I was stuck between life and death, the rope too thick for the small bulge in my throat."
"How are you still alive?" Isabelle questioned.
"Immortality. A simple gift, really. My grandmother was a widely worshipped witch in my community. When she got word of my hanging, she gave me a small...ah...how do you teenagers put it—loophole? Perhaps gift? It doesn't matter. Every few decades or so, I would be allowed to roam the human world, but only for two years. A reminder to my soul how a human is supposed to behave." Dad looked away, bitter. "Then, I met your mother."
 "Mom...?"
  Dad nodded. "Yes. She was persuasive, I'll give you that much. We fell in love, got married, and had you and your brother in such a short time." His gaze became distant, longing. "But I knew I'd have to leave, and it pained me to explain to your mother the abomination that I was, so I didn't. I simply made myself an extravagant explorer, and one day, I left. She assumed I had gotten lost—died, and that was the end of that. I never expected to see you again, my Supernova, but I must say, I am ecstatic to see my baby girl once more."
 I blushed, heat crawling up my toes. "So... all this time...you left us?"
 Dad hung his head against the rope, ashamed. "Yes. I-I didn't want to hurt any of you, and I know that leaving hurt you more, but I couldn't bear to get close...yet I did..."
"I-I can't say I understand," I cut in "but I'm happy to see you again...dad, even if you didn't come back for us."
"Nova—"
"Ahem," Chris coughed. "Sorry to butt in on your reunion, but we still have a horde of crazy exes and zombies on our asses, and we were hoping you'd know how to stop them?"
I glared at Chris, noting how he avoided eye contact with me. Dad smiled.
"Ah, yes. I apologize." He turned to Adrian. "You. Boyfriend. You came here already, yes?"
 Adrian's tan skin flushed a deep shade of red. "Ah...yes?"
 Dad nodded, unperturbed. "Good. What did you touch in the church?"
 "Just an hourglass...?"
 "Did you turn it?"
 "Yes...?"
 "Upside down?"
 "Yes?"
 "Hm." Dad looked up at the bright sky. The sun smiled down on him, the clouds a perfect reflection of the ocean. "Just as I thought."
 "What did you think?" Isabelle snapped. The eyes in Dad's sockets dropped to Isabelle's level and she shrieked, stepping backward.
 "I think..." Dad drawled. "That you have to go back inside the church and turn the hourglass back to its original position. You reversed time, thus bringing the dead back to life."
"My, my." Someone clapped obnoxiously behind us, and a cold stone settled at the base of my stomach. I internally cursed myself for jinxing our luck, and my hand drifted to the dagger strapped to my hips.
"Mercy," I growled, my lip curled. Mercy's dark red eyes widened, her fingers pressing daintily into the base of her chest.
 "What did I to?" She hissed teasingly, the words rolling off of her tongue as if it were melted chocolate or liquor. She approached us dauntingly, her hips swaying from side to side. It was repulsive.
 "Your existence, that's what," Chris snarled. Mercy's head snapped towards him.
 "Don't play with me, Christopher. I know you better than that," she sighed. Chris scowled.
"What do you want, Mercy?" Adrian boomed, my dad's limp, strangled body hidden behind his large frame. Mercy sighed, leaning seductively over him.
 "You know what I want," she purred, trailing her nails down his chest. Adrian sneered.
 "I do," he took a step back and she stumbled, nearly faceplanting on the ground. I hid my snickers behind my palm, hoping she didn't hear. "And you should know that I am not interested. Not now, not ever."
 Mercy groaned, dusting her rag dress. She looked up, glaring daggers at me. "Well, that's too bad. I know what you want. I followed you here. You want to reverse time, and quite frankly, that's not going to happen, not on my watch. I want my boyfriend back with me, forever, and I intend to make that happen." She lunged, and that's when all of the shit was let loose.
 To say that our battle was bloody was an understatement.
 By noon, we had corpses and gory organs spilled all over the once eerily beautiful graveyard. Mercy and whatever were left of her forces kept fighting, kept pushing us backward, our backs heading towards the flaky walls of the church.
 "Tired yet?" Mercy snarled, parrying with me. I jammed my blade against hers, sweat pouring down my back and neck. The silver screeched and I twisted the knife out of her grasp, smirking.
 "No, you?" I asked. Mercy growled, jumping for me. I dodged, slamming the dagger into her stomach. She howled, batting the weapon away.
 "Well...I'm stupid," I mumbled. I put my wrists in a cross above my face, grunting when Mercy kicked me backward. My wrists stung, hot liquid streaming onto my arms.
 "You should be. You're such a weak human. What Adrian sees in you, I don't know," Mercy taunted, going for my leg. I jumped, kicking her on the forehead. She roared, the trees and branches shaking. A flock of birds flew above me, distracting me long enough for Mercy to slam me against the ground.
 "You're done, princess," she snarled. I gulped.
 "Hey! Get away from my daughter!" Dad, gathering whatever strength he had left as a dead/alive man, kicked a grave by his feet, the rock slamming headfirst into Mercy's chest. She screamed, tumbling backward. I leaped to my feet, shooting my dad a grateful smile. He only nodded at me, gesturing to the slowly diminishing mob of zombies.
"Let's go!" Adrian cried, his warm fingers wrapping around my arm. He pulled me into the church, Isabelle, and Chris not far behind. 
"Where's the hourglass?" I asked, my heart beating frantically. Adrian's shoes scuffled against the ground as he approached a stone pedestal close to the top of the church.
"I-It was here..."
"Looking for this?" 
  I spun on my heel, my eyes like hot coals in my sockets. Mercy smirked smugly at his by the broken door, tossing and catching the hourglass in her hand. 
"Hey! We need that!" Isabelle cried, stomping her foot. Mercy chuckled.
 "Then come and get it, pretty princess," she cooed. As if on cue, a few, possibly six, bulky zombies approached her from the back, snarling and drooling. I swallowed thickly. My limbs ached and blood seeped from many cuts on my skin.
"Mercy stop!" Adrian cried. 
 Mercy paused, the glass dropping in the center of her palm. Her eyes flickered to Adrian. "What?" 
 Adrian swallowed, his eyes dropping to the ground. His tongue swiped the inside of his mouth before he took a step towards Mercy.
"I'll be your boyfriend again," he said firmly.
My heart shattered into a million pieces, my mind swarming. I vaguely felt Isabelle's cold hand on my bare shoulder, her gesture numb to me. 
 Adrian took another step towards Mercy and she grinned, floating to him. She trailed her long nail against his strong jaw, smirking.
"You know, you have to prove—mph!" Mercy didn't even have time to finish her sentence before Adrian slammed his lips to hers, the force shoving her backward.
"No!" I cried, dropping to my knees. "No!" The tears I had been holding back flowed freely from my eyes now and I wept vigorously on the ground. I looked up from my heavy eyelashes and my glazed eyes just as Adrian broke away from her, the gap of their lips barely visible.
"Thank you..." Adrian murmured.
 Mercy giggled. "For what?"
"This."
  From the front of his chest, Adrian pulled out the hourglass, the red sand pouring heavily from the vial. "Nova! Catch!"
"Nova!" Isabelle leaped in front of me just as I rose to my feet, both of us reaching for the glass.
 "Look out!" Chris screamed, colliding into us just as Adrian reached. All of our fingers grabbed the ticking red sand and in a flash of blinding pink light and a long wolfish howl, the hourglass shook in our fingers, trembling. The glass began to crack, the trees began to rustle, the animals howling and cawing. Mercy screamed.
 "NO! Stop! Make it stop!" She was clutching her head, screaming and moaning. Her skin was wilting, the flesh melting with the bone. Her eyes glowed as if a fire had ignited in them, and Adrian's grip on the hourglass faltered for a moment. He closed his eyes, and when he opened them, gone was the soft pity he held for Mercy just moments before. Now, with a death stare in Mercy's direction, his hand drifted towards mine, and I reached for it, my grip still on the glass.
 "Mm..." The zombies groaned, clutching their heads. As the light encompassed the church, one by one, the zombies dissipated in black ash when the pink light touched them.
 "It's...too...powerful!" Chris cried. A whirlwind blew around us, and my feet felt as though they were being lifted off of the ground. The howls, either from a wolf or from the wind, grew louder, heavier.
 Abruptly, in a burst of bright yellow light, the glass shattered, the wind throwing us against the ground. The light was too heavy, forcing my eyes shut, forcing them to look away.
 So, I did.

~*~

 "Nova! Nova, wake up Nova!" 
 A gentle shake and a chorus of soothing words surrounded my mind and I groaned, forcing my eyes open to a blinding yellow light.
 "Hm...?" I mumbled. Lips pressed against my cheek.
 "Nova, it's me, Adrian. Wake up."
 "Adrian?!" I shot up, looking around wildly. Wet strands of hair clung to my face, and once my blurry vision faded, Adrian's features clearer to me, I didn't know whether I should hug him or slap him.
 "Mercy...is she...?" 
 Adrian nodded, cutting the bandage from my leg. "Yes. She's gone, good riddance!" He coughed. "Uh, about the kiss—"
 I smiled, cutting him off with a kiss of my own. "You did it to distract her, I understand. Just—" I grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, pulling him close to me "—never, ever, do that again." 
 Adrian chuckled, snatching a kiss from my mouth. "Duly noted."
"Are you okay, Nova?" Isabelle asked, rushing over to me from the shadows she was thrown into. Chris hobbled behind her, shaking his leg a couple of times. 
 I held onto her embrace, nodding. "Yeah, are you okay?"
"Yes, apart from a few cuts here and there." Isabelle smiled widely at me. "We did it, Nova! We beat Mercy's ass back to hell!"
"We think we did it," Chris mumbled. Isabelle turned a glare at him, and for the first time, he shot back a soft smile. "But I'm pretty sure that we did succeed in our impromptu mission."
 "We should start heading back to town after we're well-rested," Adrian murmured, his hand supporting my head.
 "No," I said, struggling to my feet.
"No what?" Chris asked, frowning.
  I dusted my shredded pants, Adrian's warmth emanating by my side. I smiled. "No, we've been on this mountain for too long. We need to go back."
"Really?" Isabelle's eyes lit up, Chris's discreet smile directed at her. He and I locked eyes and I winked at him.
"Let's go home."

Chapter 16
 "Nova!"
 I barely had time to register the voice that had yelled my name before I was swept into a tight embrace, one that had me choking for air.
I hacked, squirming in the woman's arms. "Ma! Too—ah—tight!"
"Oops. Sorry, hun." Camilla released me with a sheepish chuckle, scratching the back of her head. 
 The air was brisk around the small airport, chilly with the changing of the seasons. All around us, survivors of the pandemic were huddled in blankets, greeting families, and mourning losses. It was a mix of a funeral ground and a reunion party.
 "I'm so relieved to see you and your friends safe," Camila continued, stroking my hair.
 I caught Adrian's eye out of the corner of my glance, and he winked at me. I blushed. "Yeah, but I had my friends to help me. Without them...I probably wouldn't have been able to survive the first day!"
 "I told you it wasn't a good idea to go!" Mom scolded, crushing me in her arms. Her body trembled and I smiled, returning her fierce hug.
 "It's good to see you too, Mom," I said. "Where's Garret? Is he—!"
 "Relaxing on the couch with his girlfriend and her son, yes, yes he is," Mom cut in, grinning. "Oh, how I've missed your beautiful face so much! What happened?"
 "Uh...just a camping trip gone wrong, I guess," Isabelle's lively voice answered for me. "Good to see you again, Mrs. Bellthorne."
 Mom smiled, giving Isabelle a hug while her parents struggled to reign in her younger siblings. "It's good to see you as well, Isabelle. I'm glad you and Nova had each other during your stay on Hangman's mountain."
"Well, we had Adrian and Christopher to help us out too," Isabelle said, smirking at us. Mom smiled as if a mutual recognition had passed through her and Isabelle.
 I frowned. "What is it?"
 Isabelle shook her head, snapping her phone shut. "It's nothing. Just an inside joke."
"Since when do you have an inside joke with my Mom?" I asked, watching her and Camila as they went to talk with Adrian, Chris, and Isabelle's parents. 
 "Since now," Isabelle said. 
 The hairs on my back suddenly stood up, and instead of anxiety curling through me, a playful spike spread through me and I spun around, grabbing Adrian by his collar.
 "Scaring me won't work," I whispered. "I would know. I already have a brother."
 Adrian held his hands up and I released his collar, grinning at him. "How did you know it was me?"
 I shrugged. "I could smell you, and also, Chris is just coming now."
Chris approached us with his hands in his pockets, having just come out of a medical van with a broken leg and a couple of bandages wrapped around his chest and head.
 "Damn. I didn't know I had so many broken bones."
"None of us did," Isabelle said. "We're just lucky that we're alive, and that our family is okay."
 "How did they survive, anyway?" Chris hummed.
 "Basements, probably. I'm not sure zombies would be able to reach those," I said. I reached into my pocket, my phone now fully charged. My phone pinged with reports coming from all news sources about the sudden decline of zombie infestations, and I couldn't help the smile that had formed on my lips.
 "What's so funny?" Adrian asked.
 "Everyone around the world is confused as to how the zombies have disappeared." I tucked my phone away into my pocket. "And to think that we'll be the only ones to ever know this."
"Well, maybe not just us," Isabelle intervened. "Our families in the future would probably like to know what happened."
Chris snorted. "Yeah, if they believe us."
 "Oh, they'll believe us," Adrian said. "Reporters have pictures swarming the internet all over the place. There's no way that they wouldn't believe us."
 "Unless they're stupid," Chris grumbled. Isabelle jabbed her elbow into his stomach and they both broke out laughing. I leaned against Adrian, smiling.
 "I'm glad they're back to getting along," I said. 
 Adrian smirked. "Yeah, and who knows! They may have a chance together!"
 "Someday, just maybe not right now," I decided. Isabelle gave me an odd look.
 "What?" I asked.
 She shrugged. "Nothing. I guess I'm still trying to accept the fact that we no longer have to run for our lives."
"Or have to fight crazy exes," Chris added. He wiped his brow. "Thank god my exes are alive, or else I'm not sure I could have kept my calm as Adrian did."
"Wait a minute...you have exes?" I gaped.
 Chris rolled his eyes. "Of course, I do! For a short time, I dated Mercy's best friend, Juniper. Glad I didn't stay, though. She was just as batshit as her friend."
"She wasn't that bad," Adrian defended. "At least she didn't try to force you to sleep with her." 
Chris awed. "Oh, yeah, I forgot about that."
"But what happened in the past, happened. We can't change it. Besides—" warm lips pressed against my forehead. "Why would I change my life when I have everything I could ever want right now?"
I blushed. "Are you sure you don't keep a book of pick-up lines on you?"
Adrian smirked. "You never know. I could."
"Hey! Look!" Chris burst out suddenly, probably to keep us from flirting further. 
"What?" Adrian asked, his voice raising an octave higher to enhance his irritation. Chris ignored him.
"Do you see that tree over there?" He asked.
I slapped my forehead. "Please don't start again! We just finished with zombies! I don't need ghouls chasing after me."
 Chris glared at me. "No! C'mon! Our parents are busy, let's go check it out!"
 Something in me wanted to protest, to tell him that now wasn't the right time, but I decided against my better judgment. It was only a tree. How much harm could a tree do to me?
 I followed Adrian silently, watching Chris and Isabelle banter playfully in the front. It was so blatantly obvious that they were in love, yet Chris refrained from showing his feelings, and Isabelle was slowly giving up on him.
 The tree Chris led us to was a large oak looking tree, dewdrops glimmering in the hazy evening sun. The tears almost looked like crystals, the orange leaves fluttering to the ground in a flurry of excitement.
 "It's beautiful! Possibly the best tree I've seen in days!" Isabelle sighed. In the light, her eyes reflected a vibrant golden color, as did Chris's and Adrian's. 
 A wolfish, golden color.
 "Do you guys...feel different?" Chris drawled, his eyes drooping. He swayed on his footing, and an inhumane growl tore from Adrian's lips as he jumped to steady Chris. The paramedics weren't too far behind us, yet I felt that they wouldn't be able to help us. A stinging, newfound liquid stirred in my veins, my fingertips burning with energy. My vision became hazed as blurry images passed to and fro in front of my eyes.
 "Nova..." Isabelle swayed in her footing, her grey orbs coated in a fierce golden. I held my hand against the bark of the tree, holding my palm out. A golden leaf, a leaf cut into the exact shape of the moon, fell into my palm, a howl rising from the inner woods—
—Fall had arrived.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

A teenager with a passion for writing and a fierce dislike of math, all of her books center around the themes of true love and romance, whether it be fantasy, dystopian, or even contemporary! Between homework, school, and family, writing always manages to find a place in her day, no matter the time. Strongest in History and language arts, you can find her either with her nose stuck in a history book or a blinking Word page.


