Take Me
 
The Untouchables #1
 
Published by T. A. Grey at Smashwords
 
Acclaim for T. A. Grey’s Paranormal Romance Book:
 
"The Fallen King is a perfect addition to an already perfect series of extraordinary novels. It will bring old readers back and draw new readers in, and introduce them to a gorgeous world of love and hate, seduction and betrayal. I have yet to find a series I have enjoyed reading as much as these books." 
-NIGHT OWL REVIEWS
 
“It[Bonds of Fire] is a wonderful story, moving fast and never stopping for anything. It ties in beautifully to the previous book, with the stories blending with each other, and working together to build the third novel, which is forthcoming. Romance lovers everywhere will adore this book (and the series) as much as I have.”
-NIGHT OWL REVIEWS
 
“The Bellum sisters are a handful for sure and it’s their feistiness that creates sparks for the males who have recently “acquired” them. Bravo!! Five stars to T. A. Grey for a series I am dying to continue.”
-THE BOOK LOVER’S REALM
 
“The Bellum Sisters Trilogy” is a provocative look into the lives of three young women as they come of age in a paranormal world. Ms. Grey’s world is not only magical, but erotic, enchanted, and deadly. In addition to the fiercely passionate female characters, Grey creates a fresh cast of male counterpoints who are seductive, gritty, rugged, and noble. “The Bellum Sisters Trilogy” is an encouraging start to a promising new series. I look forward to reading more from Ms. Grey in the future.” 
-VAMPIRE AND IMMORTAL BOOKS
 
"[The Fallen King is]....an epic adventure of love and determination that will leave you swearing, crying and cheering all in the space of a few hours!" 
-GUILTY PLEASURES REVIEWS
 
WARNING: The content in this book contains explicit sexual content. This book is intended for mature audiences only. It contains sexually explicit scenes that may be offensive. Please keep your file in a safe area on your computer and away from minors.
 
This book is not transferable. If it is sold, shared, or given away it is infringement of the copyright of this work and violators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
 
This book is a work of fiction. All characters, names, places, and scenarios are solely the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, though references to actual events or locations may be real.
 
Cover design by: Hallie Chandler
Edited by Twin Tweaks Editing, Brandi Fairchild and Jennifer Moorman
Take Me: The Untouchables #1 by T. A. Grey 2013
www.tagrey.com
All rights reserved
 
Also by T. A. Grey
 
THE KATEGAN ALPHAS
Breeding Cycle
Dark Awakening
Wicked Surrender
Eternal Temptation
Dark Seduction
Tempting Whispers
A Kategan Alphas Christmas Special
 
THE BELLUM SISTERS SERIES
Chains of Frost
Bonds of Fire
Ties That Bind
The Fallen King
 
THE UNTOUCHABLES
Take Me
Tempting Gray
Merely Immortal

STANDALONE WORKS
Jace
Capturing Jeron
Midnight Sex Shop
The Vampire’s Mate
Hunted (The Claiming)

Acknowledgements
 
A special and rowdy thank you to my Alpha Squad who has the best ladies anywhere! You guys rock! Thank you to Brandi for her excellent opinions and revisions. Thank you to Hallie for creating such an amazing cover, and most of all thank you to all my fans who support me. I can’t tell you how much it means to me.
Chapter 1
 
“You made the wrong choice, Felicity.” 
Strong hands surrounded her, brought her body flush against his. There was no mistaking the hard prod pressed into her back.
Felicity gasped, struggling to control the need burning inside her like fire. “We can’t.” Long-fingered hands swept up to cup her breasts—the touch possessive as Dominic Blackmoore molded the flesh. She shivered, her knees nearly giving out. She might have fallen if not for his hold on her. 
“Yes we can, and yes we are. I’m not waiting any longer.” His voice held no room for argument. He’d finally decided. This was really going to happen. Could she stop it even if she really wanted to?
His hands released her and reason came flooding back with it, her last chance to resist. No, they couldn’t do this. So many lives would be destroyed including her own. She shoved hard against his chest knocking him off balance with the action. She didn’t hesitate, but sprinted down the hall and away from him. She had to get out of here. She had to get outside. If she could only make it outside, she could escape.  
She slowed as she rounded through the kitchen, her stupid heels slipping on the marble tiles. But she didn’t have time to damn her poor choice in shoes because a hard, heavy body slammed into her back. 
Rough hands caught hers, planted them above her head on the garage door. She was already panting and he hadn’t even touched her yet. Her eyes squeezed shut—this was so wrong and yet she craved his touch with every fiber of her being.
“I’m done waiting. We end this torture now,” he said, a growl covering the words.
A shiver swept down her spine, and she couldn’t catch her breath. Her body burned like the sun blazed around her and her core was wet, aching. She gave into him then—into his addicting caresses. It was so much easier than fighting it. She shouldn’t do it, but she’d never wanted anything more in her life.
“Dom,” she murmured. The name that had been haunting her for what felt like an eternity. The name she hated as much as she loved.
Her skirt slid to her ankles at his touch. Her fingers curved into the door as cool air touched her bare bottom; her underwear hid nothing from his gaze. She could feel it burning into her skin like beams of light. Those addicting hands caressed her bottom, squeezed, and plumped.
“You have the greatest ass, sweets.” He groaned deep in his throat as he tucked his fingers inside her panties and sent the black satin fluttering down around her ankles.
A heavy pulse beat between her legs. An equal weight beat in her heart...for him. No matter wrong this was, she wanted it. She wanted him
He swept her hair over one shoulder, baring her neck to him. A wicked thrill shot up her spine and she arched her neck for him—a small taunt, beckoning him, daring him to take from her. He growled so much louder, and she heard the hiss of his zipper so loud in the quiet house.  
“Don’t tempt me, Felicity. Not now. My control is at an end and I will take your vein.” His voice was as deep as a pit.
Her body relaxed, a smile crossing her mouth, and her eyes fluttered shut. “I trust you, Dom.” His voice always held magic over her and like a wand he could cast it and make everything better. 
Another groan, this one deeper and impatient. She wondered what he thought of her words. Would he do it? Would he finally take from her?
Hot hands spanned her waist, sliding down to cup her hips and arch her back towards him. It only figures that their first time would be like this with her chest planted against the door and her back to him—so submissive. 
His hard shaft dipped over her drenched folds eliciting a moan from her dry lips. This was it. This was the moment she’d craved from the very first day she met him. She’d finally have him; finally know what it felt like to have him moving inside her.
An eternity passed and then he found her entrance and slowly pushed his way inside. He spread her, the pressure so intense it bordered on pain. Her forehead fell into the door as her body adjusted around his length. He glided inside her using her slick arousal from her traitorous body.
He pressed hot open-mouthed kisses over her neck while his tongue sucked and teased her. He did not move but kept himself buried hard and full inside her. A shocked cry tore from her throat, one mingled with pain and pleasure. And his hands, those cursed, wonderful hands, entwined with hers on the door, securing her place in his arms. Caging her so she couldn’t run.
Then he started moving. Gentle, but unforgiving in long, pounding strokes that dragged through her tight muscles, awakening warmth and erotic pleasure she’d never felt before. 
“Dom.” Her breathing hitched.
Each stroke she felt down to her soul. Her heart had never beat so fast, and when her body couldn’t burn any hotter, couldn’t handle any more of the wet hard glide quickening inside her, it locked tight around his cock. With a rush of bittersweet pleasure, she exploded around him.
Vision fled, thoughts fled. She was suspended in a moment of time as he plummeted into her again and again. 
He cursed in a ragged voice. “Felicity, fuck. I can’t,” he said in gasps. He landed deep then grinded his hips against her. “I can’t stop.”
Before she knew what he meant, he broke the skin of her neck with his fangs. The two sharp points sank inside, breaking skin. Strange warmth flooded the surface around the wound like a little sunburn yet it did not hurt. She could feel his mouth working against her and the sensation crashed into her shooting out her own fangs. Her fading pleasure spiked once more and her body bowed into his until they were in perfect sync: him commanding her body and her submitting to him. 
He surged inside her faster, harder until the sounds of pounding flesh and ragged breathing echoed in the room. Growling deep, he wrapped his hands around her waist to hold her to him.
She shouldn’t like it. It was all so very wrong. But she never wanted him to stop.
Then his warm mouth locked tight to the wound on her neck, and he planted his cock deep spurting his release on a husky growl. His fangs dislodged then as his tongue licked at the wound to seal it. That quickly it was over.
They caught their breaths as the aftermath started to creep in. Felicity’s mind still hadn’t returned to normal. She knew she should be running right now, but she wanted this so badly—these few moments of them together, closer than they’d ever been. Her heart was leaping in her chest reminding her of how deep she had it for this man.
“So beautiful,” he said, kissing her shoulder. “So perfect.”
He caressed her collarbone. His touch was gentle, lingering. He reached down and cupped one breast then the other before caressing her stomach and trailing down until his fingers curled around where he was still planted deep and firm inside her. His fingers caressed her wet swollen flesh, dipping and sliding along her lips and bud.
The sound of the front door opening and slamming closed was like a bucket of ice water thrown on her face.
In a flash, Felicity righted her clothes but she couldn’t quite keep the tears of hurt from coming to her eyes.
“How could you?” 
It took even less time than she would have expected to see regret flash across his face. That alone made her flinch like she’d taken a punch to the gut. His head jerked towards the front of the house at the sound of high heels coming their way.
“You know how I feel, Felicity. God damn it!” As if that made any of this better. As if that erased her shame or changed anything.
He pulled his pants up and with a little adjusting managed to make his suit look neatly pressed as if he’d just put it on. Even his hair looked freshly combed and smooth, not a single hair out of place. She had no doubt how she looked though—like she’d just been fucked against a door.
He knew where this would lead them, how this would hurt her. Yet he did it anyway, he touched her. A tear she couldn’t contain slid down her cheek. He wiped it away with his thumb, his face softening.
“Don’t cry, sweets.”
She couldn’t stand the endearment. Not now, not when her whole heart was breaking.
The footsteps came closer for which she thanked the stars. It helped her to get her bearings and move, no easy feat after feeling him inside her body for the first time.
“Don’t ever touch me again,” she said, not meeting his eyes. She meant it and she knew he heard the conviction in her voice. He’d never touch her again after that. She was done.
Quickly, she slipped in the garage door. She knew she should flee but some sickness inside her made her pause outside the door. She stayed silent and listened.
“Ah, there you are. I didn’t know if you were here yet,” a warm, feminine voice said.
“Julianna, it’s good to see you.” She could hear the smile in Dom’s voice and knew it was forced. The sound of kissing was like a lethal blow to her heart. She staggered back a step as her heart stopped beating for one agonizing moment. She’d bet money that Julianna didn’t know that his smile was forced, the kiss not real.
She probably didn’t know anything about him and, if she did, it didn’t matter because no one loved Dom like she did. No one. Not even his Julianna, the woman he was to mate with—his bruid.
Another tear slid down her cheek. She wanted to sob but first she had to escape. She could never be around Dom again; no matter how much she loved him or what he promised. Yet, a part of her knew the thought was fruitless. He would never leave her alone now. He’d find her. He wouldn’t give up on her. It was in his nature.
But he didn’t love her.
And he was mating with another woman.
Chapter 2
 
One month earlier 
 
The blaring ring of the phone sent Felicity scampering down the hall to the kitchen. As soon as she neared it, her cat Hugo darted in front of her. With a cry, she jumped over the rascally feline but missed her footing as she came down. Her knee gave out as she landed awkwardly on her ankle, which sent her sprawling into the kitchen cabinet.
“Ouch, damn it!” 
She inspected the damage and saw her knee had taken the brunt of the damage. Well, that and her cheap cabinet that now had a hole in it.
“Just great,” she muttered. “Thanks a lot, Hugo.”
The phone still blared. Fighting through the fiery pain throbbing in her knee, she reached for the wall-mounted phone and snatched it off its set.
“Hello?” she said, her voice as close to a growl as she could manage.
“Ms. Shaw?”
“Who is this?” Felicity quickly wracked her mind for any late bills she had. Crap, she could think of several. 
“Is this Ms. Shaw?” the man pressed. He sounded bored and had an uppity, snobbish quality to his voice. It’s how she imagined an educated old professor might speak.
Felicity rolled her eyes. “Yes it is. Are you from the internet company? Listen, I know I’m late but I don’t have the money so just cancel my service again.” 
For the past year and half this had been her life. At times it felt like a lot longer than that though. Sometimes having internet and sometimes having television, but mostly paying late fees to try to keep on the services. She’d go without if she could but she needed her internet for job hunting, internet shopping where she endlessly added some much-needed or much-wanted items to her shopping cart that never got purchased, and she needed her television big time. It was the only form of entertainment she had. Honestly.
“Ms. Shaw, my name is Ian Nevell. I am calling—”
Hugo jumped on the counter in front of her and began crying as if he was dying. “Raaur! Rrrraaarrr! Raaaaar!”
“Shut up, Hugo! I’m not giving you any wet food. You tripped me,” she hissed. The man on the phone cleared his throat, bringing her attention back to the call. “I’m sorry what was it you wanted?”
She gave Hugo a warning look then turned her back on him. “As I was saying, Ms. Shaw, I am calling on behalf of the Blackmoore family.”
“The-the Blackmoores?” Felicity’s eyes widened as her stomach plummeted. She’d applied for the gig of a lifetime there only a week ago, but she’d never thought in a million years she’d get a call back.
The man sighed wearily. “Yes, indeed, Ms. Shaw. The Blackmoore family is in need of an event planner and they have selected your resume for an interview. If you could bring your portfolio to the Blackmoore estate tonight at 7:30 you will meet with Mr. Dominic Blackmoore. He will judge your portfolio and deem whether or not you will suit the occasion. If you are chosen, pay and other benefits will be discussed then.”
Her eyes darted to the clock on her microwave. “But it’s already 6:30. That’s not enough time!” No way could she shower, dress, and make herself up in order to present herself to the likes of seeing a Blackmoore—the wealthiest, most blue-blooded vampires in society—in less than an hour. 
But she needed a job so badly. She could hardly afford food anymore. She had to take a bite, literally, out of her friend Beth last week. It was the ultimate shame. To land a job the size of a Blackmoore event—she could practically see the dollar signs dancing around in her head. She could pay her bills, put some away in savings, and buy new clothes and shoes. Oh, and one of those new laptops she saw in a commercial since her computer loved to reboot on her when she wasn’t even using it. But what if they found out about her little lie? She bit her lip, running through the possibilities. 
Another sigh on the line. “Ms. Shaw, are you coming or not?”
“Yes, yes, I’ll be there!” She hung up, her mind already running a mile a minute.
She was in the shower, a toothbrush slammed between her teeth and shampoo in her barely-wet hair in under a minute. She ran a razor quickly over her calves; she didn’t have time to do the whole leg, and then hopped out of the shower. In what she deemed to be a very impressive time, she had on her nicest dress—a dark cherry red number with wide straps, a cinched in waist with a thin black belt with her conservative but pretty black heels. The ones that still looked new even though she’d bought them on sale two years ago. The dress said chic, modern, but professional. Exactly what an event planner for a Blackmoore event look like. 
The sun had already set. She’d only been awake for two hours. She hated to rush like this because she couldn’t screw this up. 
“Just wait ‘till Beth hears about this.” Her best friend and recent blood donor would scale the walls if she got this job, then insist she take her shopping.
Felicity snatched her portfolio off the kitchen the table, grabbed her purse from the hook behind the front door, and then stopped to check her surroundings. She couldn’t forget anything. 
Mentally, she went over the list. Hair, done. Makeup, light but professional. Shoes, old but shiny. Purse not designer but not hand-me-down. Portfolio, in arm with résumés sitting inside.
Hugo sidled up to her, his back arching high and fur sticking out on end. “Rrraaawwr,” he purred sweetly.
“Not now baby, momma’s got a job interview.”
He looked up at her, cocked his head to the side. “Raawr?”
Felicity shook her head. Her blown dry hair felt a bit coarse because she’d forgotten to condition it in her rush, but oh well. A month, or even a week from now she could be cashing such a big check she could go to the salon and get one of those deep conditioning treatments. A soft sigh escaped her at the thought.
“Bye Hugo, momma loves you!” she called then swept out her apartment locking it behind her. 
God, this could really be it. She hated her seventy-dollar couch she bought at a thrift store. She hated her scratched up ugly kitchen table. She hated that the only clocks she had in the whole apartment was the stove and her alarm clock. She hated her cheap glasses bought off the clearance rack in a Wal-Mart. She was so sick of not having nice things, of not wanting her friends to come over and see just how poor she really was. It might be petty, but her surroundings embarrassed her. She wanted to do better for herself. And damn it she worked hard and was damn good at her job. If she could get a job...
Felicity got in her car—another despicable thing. Sure it’d once been shiny and working nicely, but that’d been before Bud. Bud was a human who liked to drink and drive. Being a vampire and all Felicity kind of preferred nightlife. So she was surprised when one night she took a green light towards downtown St. Louis, Missouri and heard the sound of screeching tires. No amount of vampire speed could make her car go any faster. The drunken bastard slammed his black Ford F150 into her car so hard it flipped three times before landing upside down in oncoming traffic.
He, and all the others at the light who helped her out of the car, all seemed a bit surprised that she was alive with no broken bones or even a nosebleed. Well, actually, Bud wasn’t that concerned seeing as he was hurling his guts up outside his truck. 
It was thanks to that drunken asshole’s lack of insurance that her car looked as it did. It cost too much to repair so she never got her car fixed. She’d lucked out that aside from a new oil filter and some other sensor thing being put on, her car ‘ran.’ If one called the chugging sound it made and the black puffs of smoking coming out the tail end ‘running’. 
Of course, the right side where she got t-boned was completely busted in as if a car slammed into it. If she and Beth ever took her car, which they didn’t, then Beth would have to crawl in through the driver’s side door.
Who the heck had that kind of money to get it fixed? Well, not her. 
She had no one to turn to for help, as if she would anyway. So she had a super busted car littered with dents on the left and right side, plus a roof that sported a divot the size of a kiddie pool. The roof dipped down so low that if she was taller she might have a hard time sitting up straight in the seat. Luckily for her she was short, just like her mother. A snarl escaped her. 
“Don’t even think about her. Stay positive!” she told herself.
With a turn of the key, she started her hunk of metal and tore off to the Blackmoore estate. She knew where it was. Anyone who was anyone knew where the Blackmoores lived. They were only the oldest living vampire family in the world. Originally from the Middle East, somewhere near present day Turkey, they’d traveled all over the world as the years past and humans evolved.
Felicity didn’t need to be their accountant to know that the Blackmoores were from big money as in b-i-g money. The kind that worked in politics and threw rich dinners for big government and investor types for ten thousand dollar plate dinners. 
“Damn!” 
Felicity slammed her hand against her steering wheel wishing she still had her cell phone. She hadn’t been able to keep it. Sixty bucks a month for a single phone wasn’t cutting it on her budget. She really wanted to call Beth right now. Her best friend would give her all the positive ear candy she could want. 
Felicity pulled onto the highway and checked the clock. “We’re good, Felicity. Still got a good twenty minutes to get there.” The Blackmoores lived in a ritzy neighborhood tucked back in a deceivingly middle-income looking area where coffee shops littered every corner and the homeowners refused to allow Wal-Mart to build so they wouldn’t put out the mom and pop shops that still hung around. It was an area where bicycle lines marked the road and where people took their small dogs into gas stations and grocery stores. 
It was weird.
 The house was in the back of the area where ominous black gates stood towering like menacing wraiths above the street. The Blackmoore house rested up on the hill behind the gates. Many tall, old trees blocked the view so you’d be hard pressed to see the house unless you walked by the gate and found just enough of a crack between limbs and trunks. Felicity had seen it though, just part of it when she’d driven by before. 
When Felicity had applied for the job she had done it quickly and without much thought. That was because she knew she’d never land a job with the Blackmoores. They hired world-renowned artists for even the simplest of things. They would not hire some nobody vampire girl from the city. Still, she’d been desperate and a little hopeful that just maybe she’d get the job. 
Usually when she went to a job interview she was as prepared as possible, sometimes she even spent days learning about a specific client and then scouted locations, created designs, and came up with ideas to dazzle them. True, many of those times she’d forgotten her briefcase or portfolio when she’d gone to the interview, but she’d learned her lesson.  
Whether it was the economy or the fact that times had changed from the early days where throwing a gala and impressing everyone with your wealth and status was all the rage, but now people didn’t do that. Too bad, she missed those times, the elegance, the jewelry, lavish gowns. 
A soft sigh escaped her.
Sometimes she’d read in V-Society about the Blackmoore’s throwing such parties. Felicity bit her lip as she bounced in her seat with excitement. If she could land this job and they liked her, she could have a permanent new income. They would return to her because they’d be so in love with her design choices. She could almost see it now.
That was it, she decided then. She would just have to become their permanent event planner no matter what it took. This was just the kind of job she’d been searching for and it’d just fallen in her lap—nearly.
A thought struck her. The head of the Blackmoore family and president of the vampire and were council had recently died from a rare blood disease, Arromunia. That’s why they needed her. Talks of his death still hadn’t stopped among vamp society. The disease didn’t occur often. The last time a vampire died of it was more than fifty years ago and the time before that spanned another seventy-five years. Very rare indeed. 
The disease was the only sickness her kind was susceptible to aside from pure silver, the hot rays of sunlight, and decapitation. No one knew how to get the strange sickness, and it was so rare scientists had not been able to study it in the past. It simply came, chose a victim, and then slowly sucked the life from them like a poison. No amount of blood transfusions could help. The immortal body, after a slow and debilitating trial, would die withering like a body with too much skin clinging to it, eyes sunken, and cheeks gaunt.
That meant Mr. Blackmoore’s eldest son would be in charge—Dominic the one who’d interview her.         
A chill raced over her body. Felicity shook it off and took the road that would hopefully change her life forever. If she could only get a gig like this, her name would be famous among society. Everyone would know the name Felicity Shaw.
She could finally donate her crappy thrift store furniture and buy something real that was just hers. Something she actually liked because it was beautiful and comfortable not because it was cheap.
The Blackmoore’s estate was the only house street on the block. It wasn’t like they owned the street, more like the many acres of land surrounding the house, all of which was gated in by the towering black gate over six feet tall. The black, spiked tops didn’t look sharp but they served as a warning—do not enter.
A small call box waited at the front of the drive. It reminded her of the drive-thru microphones that mortals used when they ordered fast food.
She rolled down her window with the lever then pressed the small black button on the box. 
A moment later a clear, male voice rang out. “Who’s calling?”
“It’s Felicity Shaw, the event planner.”
She waited for an answer but nothing came. Then a loud metal clang sounded and the black gates started swinging inward with a mechanical whirring. 
Felicity laughed nervously, her stomach fluttering. It was all so dramatic, she felt like she was driving to her doom.
The great mansion stood at the top of the hill. If only the house was older and run down, it’d be the perfect house for children in the neighborhood to be afraid of come nightfall. But no one would ever say the Blackmoore house looked scary. It exuded luxury. From the fine, perfectly manicured lawn to the smooth blacktop that wound in an arch up the hill toward the house and circled back down the other side to exit. 
She drove slowly to take it all in. A breathtaking fountain stood in front of the driveway. Where Felicity had a cute fat gnome with a red pointy hat wearing a blue sweater as a lawn decoration, the Blackmoore’s had a million dollar fountain. It looked like it was made from some kind of beautiful white stone that had just a bit of sparkle in it. She imagined that with the sun shining it would look quite stunning. Not that she could ever see it in the daylight.
From the fountain, two swans faced each other, wings folded back with elegant long necks outstretched to each other spurting water as if playing a silly game. 
The house itself was something to be seen because of its incredible size. More than eight windows covered the front of the house, four on either side of the front door and they were floor to ceiling windows. It made her wonder how they dealt with the sun during the daytime. These people could afford any expense necessary. They probably had a specially-made blinds or window tinting that kept sunlight out.
Warmth grew in Felicity’s belly. She wished to find out. How she yearned to have something so nice, to have earned it with her own creative ideas and hard work. She could practically feel success within reach of her fingertips.
Just as she neared the house with what looked like marble steps leading to it to the front door, an older man with dark skin and a shiny bald-head stepped out. She could sense his age—he was older than her seventy-five years—but he’d been turned, not born. He had to have been turned at an older age for natural wrinkles were formed around his eyes and at the corner of his lips. He was a good-looking man with a lot of character. He also moved fast.
He swept open her door before she could shut her engine off.
“Ms. Shaw, if you’ll follow me. Mr. Blackmoore is impatient to meet with you.”
That flutter shot through her stomach again. Quickly, she snatched up her portfolio and stepped out of the car.
“Of course.” She put on a big smile but it faltered. God, she wished she would stop being so nervous. Be strong, confident, and smart she ordered herself. You’ve done this a dozen times before.
But not with a Blackmoore!
Okay, so that was true, but it didn’t change the premise. This was still just another job interview.
“I can do this,” she said to herself as she gazed up at the looming mansion.
“I’m sure you can, Ms. Shaw. Now if you’ll follow me.”
She was still blushing as she followed the man into the house. Just as she was about to ask what he was doing with her car, he let out a sharp whistle. A young man, looking hardly older than sixteen years seemingly hopped out of nowhere. He was in her car and pulling it away in a matter of seconds.
“Who was that and where’s he taking my car?” She couldn’t quite keep the edge out of her voice. That was her only mode of transportation, if anything happened to it…
“Ms. Shaw, I wouldn’t concern yourself. That is Yussef, the valet. I assure you he has seen much nicer cars and he did not steal those. Your car is well in hand.”
Snarky old man. Felicity smiled for the first time since she got the phone call.
He led her past a gorgeous white spiral staircase. Two smooth, square beams stood along either side of the lip of staircase. The dark wooden handrails looked smooth and freshly polished. 
Her older shoes clicked along the polished white floor. Diagonally placed tiles of white and cream layered the floor. The touch was subtle but made the floors jump out. All Felicity could see, as she glanced at the waist-high vases, the hutch opposite the vases, the paintings on the walls, were dollar signs. The Blackmoores spared no expensive in having the best of the best.
The man, she suspected was Ian from the phone call, led her to a room. In here the floors were wooden planked and also layered diagonally. The room gave her the impression of woods, earthiness—a masculine room.
Ian bowed without a word then withdrew to leave her alone.
At the click of the door, she stood alone in the room, which instantly made her aware of how quiet it was. No radio played classical music in the background, certainly no kids ran around the house screaming. No television or secret arguments, just silence. 
Felicity walked further into the room. It was a big enough to have two stories and did. Wooden beams layered the ceiling like the lattice on top of a pie. To her right, just inside the doorway, were wooden arches, six in all. On a platform up above was a small railing with another smaller room up there. Somewhere a staircase must go up there so you could look down on where she stood.
“Holy hell,” she said at the sight. 
There was a fireplace but no fire had been lit. In fact, it looked impeccably clean as if it’d never been used. An intricate wooden frame was made around it that came halfway up the wall in pointed designs that reminded her of the tops of the gate outside. Pointy and sharp like a warning.
Felicity paced in front of a buttery brown leather couch in front of the cold fireplace. 
Little did she know, she was being watched. 
Chapter 3
 
Not even ten minutes ago, if Dominic’s mother or any of his brothers’s mentioned the phrase sanguis vanculo again, he would have slit a throat. Blood bond. Just the thought of what he was being forced into made him want to bash heads in. Not that that could ever happen being who he was.
All that anger at having his control taken away vanished though. Everything had changed in the last ten minutes. Because in the last ten minutes he’d watched his soon-to-be bruid, the woman who’d become his blood mate walk into his lounge. He’d never seen her before, just a fuzzy photograph taken in the newspaper from many years ago. 
She had a gorgeous mane of champagne-colored hair that fell past her shoulders. He never cared before how a woman wore her hair, nor did he care about the color. Hair was just hair. However, she, his bruid, had hair curling in waves around her. They weren’t even and perfect which told him she wasn’t one to play with her hair for long as some women fancied. He liked that too.
Even from above he could see her eyes. Light blue eyes that were so captivating, so dazzling he could see them from the upper balcony in the shadows where he stood.
She looked tall for a woman, but nowhere near his six foot three. That meant she’d fit well against him, curled into his body as a woman was meant to be. She wore simple, cheap clothes. He didn’t have a fashion sense but even he could see they weren’t up to par with what people of his breed wore. It was a nice change, albeit confusing since her family came from money. Maybe they weren’t as well off as suspected.
That comforted him. He didn’t want a bruid who preferred jewels and furs to simple comforts. Been there, done that, and he had the scars to prove it. He’d stopped trying to get through to his ex-bruid Helena when he called her back to bed one morning. He was aroused and feeling warm all over. He’d wanted to hold her and slowly make her come in his arms. Instead, she had cocked an attitude with him about always needing her when she was busy. Then went and took a forty-minute shower. That had been the final notch that cinched his decision to terminate their blood bond.
Dominic sighed as the muscles in his neck bunched. Their permanent separation was too fresh in his mind. Bitter thoughts of Helena kept coming back at the worst of times. Such as when he was learning about his new bruid. His new bruid didn’t have Helena’s captivating beauty but she was stunning nonetheless. She had a wild, sultry beauty to her. He could easily picture her writhing above him as she rode his cock with her curly blonde hair beating against her breasts with each movement. 
He licked his lips as the image took hold of him. He saw her hips pumping against him, his hand reaching to curl around the long strands of her hair until he pulled her head back to expose the beautiful arch of her neck and the throbbing pulse that beckoned him.
Ah hell. He was too old for lusting. However...it did feel good. His body had heated, his heart beat faster, and excitement flooded his veins. He hadn’t even spoken to her yet. What would it be like when they finally spoke? That’s when he’d really learn about her.
She could be stupid, petty, obnoxious, or have a horribly girly voice. Or a very masculine one, he amended. Whatever horrible trait, or god forbid, traits she had they probably made her worse than Helena.
No one could ever be perfect.
Time to find out just what was wrong with his new bruid.
Dominic walked silently to the banister then leapt over it. He landed without a whisper of sound. According to her file he was some five hundred and fifty years older than her. She was practically a babe compared to him.
His eyes lingered over the rather substantial ampleness of her ass and agreed--babe indeed. Saliva pooled in his mouth and his fangs threatened to extend.
Being so much older than her meant his senses were superior as well. If he didn’t want her to hear him then she wouldn’t. He walked up behind her and stopped just a hair’s breadth away. Then he slowly let his presence known. It was a subtle tuning in the air. The shifting of particles that accommodated the space he took up. He watched her body stiffen as she finally sensed him. Her breath caught and then she spun around, her briefcase hitting his arm as she did.
Her eyes flared wide. Lovely eyes he wouldn’t mind staring into as he filled her. She’d be drenched wet and tight.
God, what was wrong him? Thinking with his dick wouldn’t do him any good.
I know the problem, said his cock. You haven’t fucked anyone in one hundred and two years.
He sighed. Damn if that wasn’t the truth. And he’d been surviving just fine. Honestly, after that long you quit thinking about. Only every now and then when he caught sight of Helena’s naked body, or caught a glimpse of passion during a movie did his cock harden to remind him how long it’d been.
“Hello, I’m so sorry for hitting you. You startled me.” Her lips curled into a tight smile. Damn shame that—it crushed her rather too full lips. Christ, his cock lengthened. He quickly shut the arousal down lest she smell it. Even some fresh-blooded vampires could smell arousal. It wouldn’t do frightening her, or worse, having her think him an old pervert. Which was too close to the truth.
“Beg my pardon,” he said.
She took a step back from him. He hoped his disappointment didn’t show that she needed space. She did a little curtsy bow which was odd. Her blood was just as blue as his. She shouldn’t be bowing to him. Unless she was trying to put on a good show.
He held out his hand. When she slid her hand into his he brought it to his mouth. A hot bloom began in his chest, warming him down to his stomach before moving further south. The scent of her struck him fast and hard—fresh young woman. His mouth watered again and he felt his eyes starting to close. His arm flexed to keep from turning her arm so he could place a kiss to her the warm flesh at her wrist like he craved.
Her eyes flashed wide, something warm and soft lingering there. She was aware of him. Completely aware in the way any healthy woman would be to a prospective mate. He knew it as certainly as he knew his name. That look told him that with a few caresses he could have her wet and needy for his cock. So simple…so tempting…
“Excuse me?” she said.
She’d been speaking and he’d missed all of it. He forced his lust-filled thoughts away and released her hand with a swift kiss to her knuckles. “I’m sorry, what was that?” His voice sounded like he’d eaten nails.
“I asked who you were.”
“Dominic Blackmoore.” He frowned. Surely she recognized him. Unless, she’d thought him to be one of his brothers. They were similar enough in appearance.
Her lips parted and he loved the flare of surprise that brightened her eyes. He got sick of everyone knowing who he was wherever he went, but she didn’t know him. They’d never formally met and for once the fact of his celebrity status made him feel proud.
“I’m—” she began.
“I know who you are. Won’t you come with me? We can get to know each other?” He wrapped his hand around hers and tugged. 
She hesitated but nodded. He took the opportunity to touch her and put her hand over his arm as he led her upstairs.
This was going to be a fantastic day.
 
* * * * *
 
Felicity nearly tripped as the tall, sexy Blackmoore led her up the staircase on the other side of the room.
Holy hell. Holy hell. Holy hell! 
This was Dominic Blackmoore? Everyone knew about Dominic Blackmoore. His celebrity status in the vamp society even extended into the human world. She’d heard of him attending society’s fancy galas but she’d never seen a picture of him. She’d heard rumors that he loathed to have his picture taken, and that once when a reporter tried to take his picture the man was beaten to a bloody pulp by Dominic himself. 
Dominic Blackmoore was said to be incredibly good looking, intelligent, and very manipulative. Since his father died, he was slated to be the next in line for the council’s presidency. 
No wonder the man didn’t let paparazzi take pictures of him. If everyone knew he looked like a modern day warrior with his dark skin, thick hair, and tall frame they’d be all over him. He had a physique made for carrying muscle and lots of it. Felicity peered out the corner of her eyes to peek. Yes, it looked like he did.
Get a hold of yourself, Felicity. He’s just another man.
No, he’s not! 
He had a strong, aristocratic nose, a jaw so strong she knew if she punched him it’d hurt her and not him. He kept his hair thick and wavy but cut short around his ears and nape. It had a more modern feel to it. Many of society’s wealthy vamps kept to the older ways of long hair and older clothes. 
Not Dominic Blackmoore. 
He wore a suit as if it was made specifically for him. It fit him that well. His body filled it to perfection and the material was so smooth she was afraid to touch it. In fact, Felicity cringed to think what the dry cleaning bill would cost to have a suit like that cleaned if she so much as sneezed on it. This was not a Men’s Warehouse suit. This was a designer suit that had probably been custom made for him. And damn did it look really good on him.
The suit was black but had thin deep grey stripes running up and down the jacket and pants. The grey was so dark it looked nearly black but had glossiness to it so it caught the light. His black shoes shined with the perfect buff as if he’d just bought them from the store, and he wore a light grey shirt under the jacket that looked incredibly soft. No tie, but he didn’t need one. Everything about him screamed money as surely as if he wore a red neon sign with flashing dollar signs on it.
He had practically held her hand, and he had put her hand on his arm so she could feel the warm muscles underneath. And he had looked at her like he’d wanted to take her down to the rug right there in front of the empty fireplace and have sex with her.
  Yes, her heart beat a mile a minute right now and she could do nothing to stop it. Whatever was going to happen during this interview whether she got the job or not didn’t matter because he’d looked at her like that and nothing could erase that image from her mind.
Men, or anyone for that matter, didn’t look at her like that. Like she was fuel for sexual fantasies. It wasn’t like she was horribly disfigured or ugly but she wasn’t beautiful. She knew that. It was a simple fact she lived with quite comfortably. She’d dated many men over the course of her lifetime including vampires and even a few mortals who’d caught her fancy along the way. If she wanted a man she could find one. It might take some time for her to find someone she liked but time was nothing. She had plenty of time.
But Dominic Blackmoore, the illustrious blue-blood, had looked at her like she just lit a fire in his gut. Boy did her body answer in return. A pulse had throbbed between her legs and for the first time in a long while she wanted to sleep with a man. Her previous dalliances ranged from one month long to six months. Yeah, that had been her longest. Beth called her ‘too picky’, but Felicity called it ‘choosey.’ After all, an eternity was a long, long time to spend with one person.
Also given that she wasn’t a great beauty and could never grace the cover of a magazine without substantial Photoshop and Dominic still had such an instantaneous response to her made her respect him so much more. Tons more.
“How are you doing this evening?” His question interrupted her chaotic thoughts. At the sound of his voice, her ankle twisted and she stumbled on the stairs but quick as a wink, his arm snaked around her waist and set her straight. He didn’t touch her for any longer than polite, only enough to help straighten her out. She was only slightly disappointed.
That voice. He had a deep smoky voice, the kind that’d be perfect for telling long stories in front of a fire or working late night on the radio wooing people to sleep.   
“Making a fool out of myself apparently,” she said, her cheeks coloring.
His eyes caught hers. They’d both stopped walking. They were entirely too close with the walls of the stairwell on either side of them. One to his back and one to hers. His eyes were like gold in the center surrounded by a beautiful dark mahogany wood. 
The energy shifted around them, crackling like static electricity. Her breath caught at their nearness and all she could do was gaze up into his captivating eyes. 
Then a smile broke out on his face and he laughed. He had a slow-building laugh that peaked at a steady rumble. Hell, even his laugh sounded nice. That wasn’t fair. He had a stern looking face as if he never had time to relax but when that smile broke out, he looked younger and carefree. It took her breath away.
“Come on, let’s talk.”
She followed him up the stairs to the second floor of the lounge. More wood touches decorated the floors and the hand carved furniture. A heavy plush rug with a very middle-eastern design took up a big portion of the floor. A dark wood coffee table sat in the middle of it and soft, leather sofas rested around it.
A small bar rested against the left wall with different bottles of alcohol and wines. Across from the bar were the tops of the wooden arches that went up to the ceiling. With nothing but a hand carved railing separating them, she could see the floor below where she’d just been.
Her eyes trailed back to the bar, and Felicity wet her lips. A rich vamp like Dominic Blackmoore probably had his own blood stash. Maybe he didn’t even have to get his from the usual commercial suppliers like she did. Hers was cheap and it tasted good enough, but he probably got his shipped to his house from only the finest of selections. 
His eyes didn’t miss her reaction. He walked behind the bar then grabbed a glass. “What do you like to drink?”
She wet her drying lips. Her tongue suddenly felt parched. She’d been running on fumes so to speak. Even her clothes were bagging on her from losing a few pounds. She could go a few days with only some blood but it made her crabby, tired, and weak. She couldn’t eat in front of him since essentially that’s what she’d be doing. How could she take a sip of anything he had and not get that heavy-limbed relaxed feeling throughout her body? That drunken numbness that made everything feel wonderful if only for a little while. That’s how she’d feel if she drank any of the good blood he had. Plus, she tended to get girly giddy. So not the way to get a new job.
“I really shouldn’t drink,” she said gently and took a seat in one of the brown leather chairs. Her eyes rounded as she sat on the plush cushion then slowly sank into it.
His powerful eyes held hers for several moments. She couldn’t look away. Something about his eyes, or maybe, what he was thinking behind those eyes, captivated her. 
“Seeing as this is a unique occasion I say we both share one.” He grabbed another glass then started pouring a deep red, thick liquid into it. If her stomach could growl, it would have.
“No, really that’s not necessary, Mr. Blackmoore.”
“Please, call me Dom.”
Her eyebrows rose, then he stood before her holding out a lowball glass with the letter “B” carved into the side. She took it. Instantly the scent of ripe, delicious blood mixed with dark wine filled her nostrils. She breathed it in and would have rolled her eyes back and sighed if not for the man in front of her. 
She’d been right on the drink count. This wasn’t the good stuff—this was the fine stuff. Sure you could mix your own concoction of cheap red wine bought at the grocery store with your cheap blood bought from the blood bank, but it didn’t smell like this and Felicity would bet it didn’t taste nearly as good either.
Still she didn’t drink it as he took the seat across from her. His eyes never left hers. It was entirely unsettling the way he watched her. Was this some kind of interview tactic? Maybe he wanted to intimidate her to see what kind of stern stuff she was made of.
Well, she was made of stern stuff indeed.
With a small smile she leaned back into the buttery soft leather chair and held her glass on her leg as he did. His eyes flicked to the drink then back to her face. Just the corner of his mouth quirked up.
“Try it. You’ll like it.” 
He said it as if he already knew that. This would be impossible seeing as she’d never tried the drink and just because it smelled good didn’t always mean it tasted as good.
“And how do you know that, Mr. Blackmoore?” She lifted the glass to her nose and inhaled the sweet fragrance of plump red grapes, woods, and the coppery hint of blood. Her tongue turned brittle in her mouth. Her hand started trembling as she set the glass back against her thigh.
The quirk of his lip lifted higher. It was the confident look of a man who had no doubts. “Why don’t you try it and let me know if I’m right or not.”
He lifted his glass and took a sip, not needing to sniff the unique fragrance he probably smelled all the time.
Then a devil wearing a skin-tight leather corset, fishnet stockings and black knee-high boots popped up on her shoulder. It looked quite like Felicity with her wavy blonde hair but this little devil had smoky, heavily kohled eyes, dark ruby lips, and flushed bronzed cheeks. She was a much sexier, much crazier Felicity that she didn’t get to let come out and play much anymore.
Just drink some, the devil said. You might not get this job but you’ll never get another chance to drink something so tasty.
Felicity waited a tick to see if Felicity Angel would show up, but one second turned into two. Angel was a no show today.
Felicity’s eyes rounded and then she went for it. She didn’t take a little sip as he had done but a mouth full. Instantly, her eyes closed and the sweet, spiced fruity taste coated her tongue then slid down her throat. Warmth filled her starting in her bones then moving out to the rest of her body. Her heart beat quickened. She licked her lips slowly to get any last drops off then ran her tongue across the roof over her mouth and teeth. Her incisor teeth started pointing, turning into fangs at the taste. It was a natural response, she couldn’t help it, but it didn’t do well to impress older vamps that she couldn’t keep her cool with blood. 
So damn good... 
Felicity could moan and almost did but she managed to keep herself in check.
The high-octane blood laced with a hint of red wine went straight to her head. The room didn’t quite spin around before her eyes but it didn’t exactly stay straight. More like tilted to the side. And that heat. Oh god, the heat filling her body making her neck sweat and her panties wet. Her nipples beaded into tender points and all she could think about was how badly she wanted to tear her bra and shirt off so they wouldn’t scrape her nipples.
“Are you feeling well?” Dom asked his voice hoarse.
She might have blushed if she wasn’t already flushing, because he knew. Oh, she’d have time to be humiliated later. He could see her response as easily as if she had started tearing her clothes off.
Right now her body burned so it didn’t matter that he could smell her arousal. Honestly, a part of her wanted him to. That wild, aroused part of her wanted him to know that in this very minute, she wanted his touch. That she’d even welcome it. It’d been too long since she felt the stirrings of desire for a man. 
What am I thinking? a part of her screeched. You need this job, not to bang the boss!
Right, she needed a job not a lover.
“I’m sorry. That was a very...potent drink. I think I really need to go before I make a mess of this.” A giddy laugh left her and she saw his mouth tighten. “I mean make more of a mess out of this.”
Her hands curled around the arms of the chair then she pushed herself upright. The room swam only for a moment before straightening, but her limbs felt odd. Heavy and limp. They wanted to give out until she laid on the ground relaxed and dazed. 
Felicity narrowed her gaze on her briefcase sitting by the chair. Damn. Focusing hard, she slowly reached for it. If she could grab it and stand up without tipping over she might be able to leave with some dignity.
The room started to spin. Suddenly she was flung upright and tall, dark, and gorgeous stood in her face with a scowl that made him more attractive. 
“That’s not fair,” she said suddenly.
Shaking his head, he kept a hold on her arms to keep her steady. “What’s not fair?”
“Even when you frown you look handsome.” So addled was she that she didn’t see his eyes darken.
“What did you say?” His hoarse question went straight to her sex.
Felicity shivered and she didn’t know which one of them moved but one of them moved closer to the other. She wished he’d wrap his arms around her and just hold her so she’d know what it’d feel like. Then she’d be on her way and she could go back to her poor life and remember the one time a man like Dominic Blackmoore looked at her like he’d wanted her more than anything.
She looked up into his dark eyes. “I said... I don’t remember what I said,” she whispered honestly. 
Somehow they were even closer. His jacket brushed her nipples like a caress.
“This is too soon,” he said just as softly. His voice like a warning...one he wasn’t going to heed.
“What’s too soon?”
Had his head just dipped even closer? 
Her heart thumped wildly in her chest and her pulse skyrocketed as desire filled her veins like hot syrup. 
One hand, quite warm she noted, squeezed her arm then slid around to her back. Her heart jumped at the caress.
Her head tilted back as she looked up at him. His hand pressed between her shoulder blades and yes, she wasn’t mistaken, he was nudging her forward. 
She went willingly, happily. One aroused woman needing a man to put out the fire inside her.
“What’s too soon?” she repeated. 
His eyes traced over her face then fell to her mouth. With that one hungry look, she moaned. Actually moaned aloud.
A hot blush burned her cheeks. 
This was crazy.
Before they’d just been subtly flirting, barely touching but now she’d crossed the line—she made a noise. There was no masking that as something else or playing it off. She’d done the unthinkable.
All of her worries were quickly washed away as his eyes darkened with hunger, his body pressed into hers, and then he spoke right against her lips. 
“It’s too soon to touch you.”
Her voice wavered. “Oh.” Unable to hide her disappointment. “Why?” 
His hand slid down her spine and pressed into the dip above her derriere and there, with that one touch, he controlled her. He pulled and her body went, pressing fully against his, learning just how hard he was from the unmistakable erection digging into her stomach to his firm stomach crushing her achy breasts. The man had a body she would like to see naked.
His lips stroked across hers in a barely-there touch that left her leaning towards him for more. 
“Because you tempt me to go much further than I should, sweets.”
Her eyelids drifted closed at his hypnotic, deep voice. He’d called her sweets. That too wasn’t something you could take back and pretend didn’t happen. She’d actually moaned and he actually thought she was sweet. Her heart melted.
Holy hell, she wasn’t going to stand here wanting for any longer. Devil Felicity reared her sultry head.
Slowly, she pressed her hands over that expensive suit jacket then ran her hands up. Her eyes followed the movements but paused to gauge his reaction. 
He looked hungry, tightly in control, but wary at the same time. Hunger for her but wary of “touching her too soon.” Well, she didn’t have a problem with this “too soon” thing. She might have said so if she could voice something elegant at the moment. Instead she needed her mouth for something else.
Her arms finished their journey and wrapped around his neck. She touched his hair, had to know if it felt as soft as it looked. Moving up his neck, she fisted his dark brown locks and bit her bottom lip.
“Perfect,” she whispered. Just enough give to cling to.
I’m not getting this job but who the hell cares, she thought.
His eyes fluttered shut and his breathing hitched, and then they opened and pierced her on the spot. What happened next actually caught her by surprise.
In a lightning fast move, his arm curled hard around her crushing her into him until they were plastered together, then his hand slid into her hair, his fist wrapping around it twice and his mouth slammed down to hers.
Breath caught. Pleasure shot straight between her legs.
Her body responded to the firm press of his kiss like she’d been made to. With a deft move, he swept her lips apart and filled her with his tongue, tasting and stoking the fire in her.
With that one kiss her body was ready for him. She was wet and throbbing between her legs and ready to know what he’d feel like filling her. No more thoughts about a job lingered in her mind, only primitive thoughts of raw feelings and of burning passion.
Another moan escaped her. This time she didn’t care. Her grip in his hair tightened as her hips arched against him. He was too tall, their parts didn’t quite line up correctly.
His lips devastated her, sweeping her into a hazy sensual storm where time ceased to exist. Where there was only him, her, and the primitive energy of the world coaxing them to fulfill their duties as beings and lay with one another. 
He pulled back pressing soft, but no less ravenous kisses across her mouth, her cheeks, up her jaw to her neck where he kissed her rapidly thumping pulse. His ragged breathing sawed against her skin sending a shiver through her body. His hot, wet tongue darted out to taste a tiny bit of flesh before retreating as if wanting to go slow and savor.
“You’ll make a perfect bruid.”
Felicity blinked slowly as the sensual fog lifted. 
What? 
She couldn’t have heard what she thought she just heard. It had to be the fog surrounding her, combined with the potent brew he’d given her. Did he just say bruid? As in a bride as in the the female a male vampire mated to for life? 
“That’s an odd thing to say,” she said with an uneasy laugh, the fog receding.
He pulled back, that deep frown back in place as his brows pulled low. “Not really, considering.”
Felicity pulled back too. “Considering what?”
One of his dark brows flew up. “That we’re to be mated.”
“Say what?” she said in a sharp voice.
Before he had a chance to answer, the door downstairs flung open and in walked an older woman who looked no less stunning in her age. She wore a fine cream-colored dress with a matching jacket that had one button holding it closed. Felicity recognized Mrs. Blackmoore in an instant. 
“Dominic, are you in here?”
Dom shot Felicity a scary look as if his mother’s intrusion seriously pissed him off. He called out, “What is it?”
His mother turned around and gazed up. Felicity cursed and tried to duck out of his arms but he only tightened his grip, keeping her locked snuggly against him.
At the sight of them together, his mother’s jaw dropped open and a deep flush colored her face. “Who is that!”
“My bruid Julianna Greenwich. Who do you think? Now get out of here, mother.”
Felicity and Mrs. Blackmoore had about the same response—they both froze in place. Only his mother recovered much, much quicker from her shock.
“That is not your bruid Julianna Greenwich. Julianna is in the study where she’s been waiting for you for nearly an hour!”
Suddenly Felicity found herself the focus of two intense eyes, both russet with a touch of gold in the center.
The touch on her arm became cruel. “And just who are you?” For the first time she heard Dominic Blackmoore angry, and it sent a wave of fear down her spine.
She licked her lips. “My name is Felicity Shaw. I was invited here for a job interview.”
Even though she barely spoke above a whisper, his mother down below heard every word. “A job interview. That’s the event planner for the mating ceremony, Dominic! You are messing with the help,” she scolded.
Dominic let her go and stepped away. It was as if an Arctic chill blasted over her at his cold gaze. All the passion that had been between them froze as surely as water in a freezer. Cold touched her where his heat had been and an even icier chill settled in her chest like a hard knot making it difficult to breathe. 
“Ms. Shaw if you’ll come down here we’ll get this all straightened away, and Dominic might you see to your actual bruid. She’s waiting in the study.”
Dominic’s gaze stayed locked with hers. God, he looked fucking pissed. Felicity rather understood that. She had just been ready to get naked with him on the expensive rug and he was supposed to be mating with someone else? And he’d thought she was the woman? She had too many questions but couldn’t ask any of them. One thing was for sure, disappointment crushed her like an anvil sitting on her chest.
Dom stepped up close but not touching. “You did this as a game. To play with me, to try a hand at a Blackmoore, for blackmail? Just what did you get out of it?” 
He spoke to her as if he hated her, not in that warm way he had before. She flinched but held his gaze. “It wasn’t a game. I came here for a job interview.”
“And you thought this,” he thrust his hand out to encompass the bar, her drink, where spot where they’d kissed so passionately, “was how I conduct an interview?”
Shame washed over her, burning her face red. “Well, no, I mean, I don’t know. How was I supposed to know you had a bruid waiting in the other room? Maybe you should have asked me for my name then! I assumed you knew who I was. This isn’t entirely my fault.” 
The corner of his mouth twitched and not with a smile. “I don’t want to see you again. Do you understand me? I don’t ever want to see your face in my home.”
Felicity jerked at his brutal words. They were like slaps across the face. She steadied herself and glared. “Then all you have to do is make sure I don’t get this job, because if I get it you’re going to see me and if that’s not something you can handle then too...fucking...bad. Because now I’m ready to fight for this job in a way I wasn’t before.” 
She spun around, snatched her briefcase off the floor, and raced down the steps to his mother. “Mrs. Blackmoore I am very sorry about the confusion.”
The older woman grabbed her gently by the arm and steered her towards the door. “No, my dear, it looks like it was my fault. Please forgive me and my son’s behavior. Things have been strained around here as of late...”
Felicity listened to the woman’s voice but only partially paid attention because the whole time she could feel Dominic’s gaze boring into her back.
Dominic had just made a fatal mistake treating her that way. He’d made her an enemy, and she knew how to fight tough.
Chapter 4
 
Felicity didn’t wake up the next morning so much as spring out of bed. For the first time in a long time she felt vigor blasting through her blood making her feel younger and more alive. All because of last night and one Mr. Dominic Blackmoore.
After her messed up evening last night, Mrs. Blackmoore promised to interview her tonight to see if she’d be the right planner for the “mating ceremony of the century.” Those were Mrs. Blackmoore’s words not hers. However after it was obvious Mrs. Blackmoore was bating time to end the interview to send Felicity packing, Felicity knew she had to get serious. So she’d pulled out the big guns, her bazookas. It wasn’t anything she’d ever done in her whole life, but it’d been worth it. 
When Mrs. Blackmoore had been about to usher Felicity out the door without so much as a “we’ll call you if we’re interested” Felicity had spun around with a threat. If she didn’t get a fair interview then she’d go to the media. She’d tell her story about Dominic Blackmoore to anyone with an ear. It was incredibly unfair and she didn’t know if she could really ever go through with something like that, but the threat at worked. She blamed her horrendous behavior on the vow she made to Dominic. She would get this job. No matter what. 
This led Felicity to have a few questions: what happened to Dominic’s previous bruid because he did have one, and why was there such a rush for him to find another one when he didn’t seem to want one? Felicity had read in V-Society that their separation only happened about two months ago. Seemed pretty fast to be taking on another bruid.
Dominic Blackmoore had mistaken Felicity for the gorgeous blue-blooded socialite Julianna Greenwich. Julianna was everything Felicity wasn’t. She was lovely, ultra-feminine with perfect skin, hair, and nails. She always wore the best and most expensive clothes. The paparazzi loved to follow her around. 
Felicity’s cheeks burned to admit it, but she even had the celebrity magazines that followed people like Julianna in her nightstand. She loved reading the little captions on what designer made Julianna’s dress. What she loved even more was seeing the jaw-dropping prices. Always jaw dropping. A $4,500 designer custom-made gown with $25,000 diamond earrings paired with a real pearl necklace and shoes that cost another $2,000. All of that to go see a movie on a Wednesday night. 
Felicity couldn’t even make a story like that up if she tried. She’d read about that exact story when Julianna Greenwich rented out a theater so her and a few friends could see some chick flick when it came out. Disgusting.
Just the thought filled her heart with a heavy knot. A knot that didn’t immediately go away; it didn’t go away at all and apparently didn’t plan to. She recognized the heavy feeling for what it was—pain mixed with burning jealousy.
Jealousy that Julianna had been born into a world Felicity had always craved being in and pain that Dominic had looked at her with such need. Need like he’d been waiting for her his whole life. Like it’d taken every ounce of strength in his virile body not to touch her how he wanted to.
But he hadn’t really been looking at her like that. No, no. He’d been looking at Julianna Greenwich like that, or so he’d thought.
The whole situation was ridiculous. She knew that. She couldn’t possibly have feelings for someone she’d just met and especially not to someone who’d turned around and gave her the coldest cold shoulder she’d ever received. The way he turned on her like that...it’d felt like he’d punched her in the gut after lulling her away from her nervous smiles.
That painful knot in her chest pounded and she rubbed her hand across it, wincing. Yeah, that little bit of time they’d spent together had changed something. Something had happened. Because the thought of the infamous Julianna Greenwich, society’s favorite fashion model, mating to the dark and passionate Dominic Blackmoore just didn’t seem fair.
It brought forth a mixture of feelings inside Felicity she’d never experienced before and might never again. And she planned to do something about it.
Felicity went to the kitchen and phoned her friend Beth. Beth was born mortal but had the unstoppable energy of a Were and the elegance of a vampire. 
Beth answered on the fifth ring. “What do you want, Fel?” The sound of rock music and a deep male voice singing played in the background but was turned down. 
“Okay, listen up.” Felicity relayed all that had happened and informed her good friend to get her butt over to her house pronto. She hung up the phone a minute later smiling. This is why it rocked to have a friend like Beth. Beth might be mortal but she loved Felicity unconditionally and they’d do anything for each other. Even drop what they were doing to rush over and chat girl business.
Felicity fed Hugo, straightened the messy clothes in her bedroom, and then jumped in the shower and actually conditioned her hair this time. Her second scheduled interview wasn’t until ten tonight so she had a few hours to prepare this time, and boy was it on. Dominic Blackmoore had declared war on her the second he set his awful accusations her way. She was getting this job.
A rapid knock sounded at the door. Felicity flung it open on a grin. Beth Hamilton was a looker, a straight up knockout with milk chocolate skin, a strong, curvaceous body to die for and hair that Felicity seriously wished she could have. For the past few months Beth had been wearing her gorgeous black locks in a long sleek cut past her shoulders with a raggedly cut bang sweeping her forehead. It rocked and it rocked on her.
She also was a war vet. Yeah, really. She’d served in Iraq for four years before finishing her tour and leaving the military. She’d only ever talked about it once, but Felicity knew it’d scarred her. She’d been working the med unit on a plane flying into a zone that had been hit hard. Her team’s job was to grab the wounded, pull them aboard, and rush out. At some point she got shot twice, both bullets landing in her leg. Even today she had a noticeable limp. She might have lost her leg if she hadn’t been surrounded by a med team. Beth never wanted to talk about it so Felicity never asked. Everyone had demons.
Beth gave her a tight hug then strolled past smelling of some sultry, subtle perfume.
“Dish everything,” Beth ordered. Then she picked up Hugo and petted him until his eyes couldn’t stay open.
“All right but I need you to help me pick out something killer to wear.”
“Killer?”
“Yeah, I wanna blow this guy out of the park if you know what I mean.” It’s the least he deserves.
Beth followed Felicity into the bedroom then plopped down on her bed. “I’m not sure I do, honey.”
Felicity’s lips curled into an evil smile.
Beth laughed. “You’re going to make him regret what he did, aren’t you?”
Felicity shrugged. “I don’t know ‘regret’ so much as ‘torture’ him. He was such an asshole. He deserves some payback and I’m going to give it to him that’s all.”
“He really got under your skin, didn’t he?” Beth asked softly.
Felicity jerked her gaze away and started rooting through her closet. “Yeah, he kind of did,” she said not meeting her friend’s eyes.
Beth sighed long and hard. Then she got up and helped Felicity to put on the perfect outfit. She chose the best shoes to go with it and even made up her hair and makeup into a sexy, sultry look. Beth had a hand with makeup, really. 
By time Beth finished with her, she wore a black cocktail dress that she strictly used for club nights. Seeing as she hadn’t been to one in at least six months the dress could use some airing out. The only other time she’d worn the “daring cocktail” dress had been on her last date with David.
Shivering, she tried to shove the memory away but it refused to go. David had not exactly been the best date she’d ever had. It’d been set up by another friend of hers, Trish, whom she didn’t exactly see any more after that. It was just awkward, not that she blamed her old friend. During dinner that night David hadn’t been able to tear his gaze off her in the dress. That had been exactly what she wanted, right? Yeah, well no. He’d sent nothing but the wrong vibes at her, and when he grabbed her hand and slid her palm over the erection in his pants while sitting in a packed, four-star restaurant she’d called it quits and stormed out. She shivered again at the thought. Seriously disgusting. 
Now she’d wear the dress again for old time’s sake, because tonight she wanted Dominic Blackmoore’s attention. She wanted to look sharp, classy, and sexy because these were people that looked good all the time and she had to impress them to get this job. Also, because she wanted Dominic to look at her that same hungry way he had yesterday but know he’d never touch her. 
The cocktail dress had one quarter-cut sleeve on one arm and left the other arm bare so she slid on a gold jingly bracelet on her wrist. From under her right arm the dress swooped up to her sleeved shoulder revealing her neckline and a decent portion of her back. It was sexy enough to get attention but not inappropriate. The cut of the dress looked elegant. What was really going to knock her look out of the park—aside from her lovely updo of curls and her smoky makeup—were her legs and shoes. 
At Beth’s cajoling she pulled on black nylon stockings with black lace edging. However, when the stockings started rolling down her not-so-slim thighs like curlicues Felicity finally relented at Beth’s insistence and put on the matching garter belt to keep them up. Just feeling the soft, scratchy feeling of the nylons on her smooth legs with the straps of the garter holding them up made her feel naughtier—and more than ready to square off against Dominic Blackmoore.
Do your worst, she thought with a grin.
It wasn’t like she didn’t wear her fair share of sexy clothes. She loved sexy underwear and had the entire drawer full of thongs, G-strings, hip huggers, full bottom panties in lace, satin, a variety of colors and textures with straps, bows, and flowers to prove it. But she never wore such things to a job interview or even for herself. 
Tonight that would change. 
Tonight she was getting this job no matter what.
Felicity checked her reflection one last time. She looked perfect. Sexy, professional, but slightly more on the sexy side. Her portfolio was on the kitchen table ready to go, and her shoes were polished black and shiny.
Beth whistled a catcall. “Girl, you look fine. That man won’t know what hit him.”
“I hope so.” How could he just give her the cold shoulder after the kiss they’d shared? 
“So what’s this really about: getting the job or getting payback?”
Felicity fidgeted with her dress then glanced at the clock. “Um...both I guess.” Beth arched a perfectly shaped eyebrow at her and Felicity ducked out of the bedroom. Hugo trotted behind her, hot on her heels as she headed toward the kitchen. 
Beth leaned against her stove, arms crossed. “Well if he’s anything like his brother the man must be made to please a woman.”
Felicity blinked. “I haven’t met any of his brothers. I know he has a few. Which one are you talking about?”
Beth’s pupils dilated and her tongue darted across her bottom lip. “Which one? That’d be Lucas Blackmoore as in LBB—the Lucas Blackmoore Band. He’s only all the rage everywhere.” Beth’s eyes grew unfocused, her voice soft. “He has the voice of an angel. I know that sounds stupid but, damn, his voice is a perfect mixture of husky, smooth-rolling tenor that craves your attention. It’s the kind of voice you can’t turn away from. And his songs? He writes it all himself, the lyrics, the music, all of it. This isn’t some every day, run of the mill musician. Lucas Blackmoore is an artist who treats his music like it’s his life’s passion.”
Felicity stared at her friend with wide eyes and a new appreciation for someone’s music she’d never heard before. Seeing Felicity’s gaze, Beth narrowed her eyes and cocked her head to the side.
“You haven’t heard of him?” She asked it with disbelief as if she was asking Felicity how she could never have heard of the freaking sun. 
“Um...well you know me. I’m not the biggest music person.” Felicity cringed as Beth’s eyes bugged. “Hey, you know this about me, and when I do listen to music I prefer the kind without words. Instrumental, classical stuff, you know?”
Beth was shaking her head in what could only be described as massive disappointment. “Why am I your friend, and how come I never knew this about you? I mean seriously, he’s all I ever listen to. All I’ve listened to since Iraq and you’re going to work for his family!”
“I’ll tell you what after I get this job, if I run into Lucas Blackmoore, I’ll get him to sign something for you, okay?”
Beth’s eyes flashed with fear. “No! That’s not necessary, really.”
Felicity frowned. “Why not? You have something against signatures?” She laughed at her own joke but Beth only shook her head.
“No, really don’t bother him. Um,” she ran a hand down her hair then rubbed her hands down her pants.
“Wait are you telling me that you like LBB so much that even the thought that I could get a signature for you is too much to bear?”
Beth grimaced. “Well when you say it like that I sound like a pussy but yes, totally. I don’t want him to know I exist.”
Felicity laughed at her friend’s ridiculous thoughts. “That must mean you’ve had some pretty heavy thoughts about him.”
Beth’s beautiful dark eyes rounded into saucers. “Girl, you have no idea. The man’s voice occupies me nearly everywhere I go. He sings me to sleep. His voice wakes me up in the morning. I listen to him while I drive to work and while I shower. I mean all the time. So I guess you could say I’ve had ‘heavy’ thoughts about him.”
Felicity whistled low under her breath. “Sounds like a serious crush to me.”
“More like hardcore in love.”
Beth said it jokingly but neither of them missed the longing ringing in those words. Felicity didn’t taunt her friend or make fun of her for having a fictional crush on an (apparently) very famous musician. 
Instead, she smiled and made a promise. “I’ll get you his signature.”
Beth let out a soft dramatic sigh then pretended to fan herself.
They both burst out laughing and it was then that Felicity’s eyes fell to the clock Beth had been standing in front of.
“Damn! I’m going to be late.”
Shit, shit, shit, shit!
“Oh honey, I’m so sorry. It’s my fault for carrying on,” Beth said. Then she put on her game face and even her voice hardened. “Okay, grab your shawl and purse, I’ll get your portfolio and meet you out front.”
Felicity raced across her house throwing on her black lacey shawl—really the thing was more decorative than warm, and then snatched up her purse. In less than two minutes she had the house locked up, her car started, and was waving goodbye to Beth.
“Knock ‘em dead,” Beth yelled.
“I plan on it!” 
Felicity drove to the most important interview of her life for the second time—the one that could give her a name in the design business—and she was only twenty minutes late.
 
 
Chapter 5
 
In the grand scheme of life twenty minutes was not a significant portion of time.
 Felicity knew this. 
However, apparently Ian, the Blackmoore’s executive butler (he actually called himself that) thought twenty minutes was akin to two days. For when she pulled up in her dump of car, he’d not withheld his lip curl of disgust nor did he keep from scolding her. Yes, he publically scolded her even as he led her into the house.
“A young woman like you would do well to realize the significance of being interviewed by Lady Blackmoore herself. In fact, if you were smart you would have come prepared and early so as not to make those interviewing you wait for you as if you are important to them when I assure you you...are...not. Now if you’ll follow me.”
Felicity didn’t know whether to laugh or feel deeply embarrassed, but her cheeks burned and she chuckled—just a little which made him turn around on her with astonishment. Felicity didn’t know what to make of it. Had she broken some sacred vampire law she didn’t know about? Was she not allowed to giggle in the Blackmoore house? Perhaps it was expressly forbidden.
His lip curled down into a deep, heavy frown that if he wasn’t careful might become permanent on his dark face. He lifted his chin at her. “At least you dressed better tonight. Perhaps that will bode well for you. For all of our sakes, I hope not.”
Well, that wasn’t a nice thing to say. Sort of. “Hey, I need this job,” Felicity said as she was once again led through the massive mansion. This time, however, the butler didn’t lead her to Dominic’s personal lounge but down a separate, shorter hallway where two large wooden doors stood. One was cracked so she could see light filtering through.
“You may need the job, but the Blackmoores deserve the best. Are you the best?”
Felicity felt the first flames of anger trigger inside her. “Damn right I’m the best. My designs range from interior decorating to exterior decorating to planning lavish dinner parties, balls, galas, rock parties for famous bands, you name it, I’ve done it all.” She had the portfolio to prove it. 
And, she was also lying—big time.
Yeah, really.
A year ago she’d fibbed her portfolio. She’d created images using designs of events she’d like to throw but hadn’t actually done. Yet. She also listed that she’d worked under clients that she’d only wished she worked for. Big named clients, too. Why did she do this? Felicity hated to lie, but she’d been unemployed for more than a year and the job before that had barely paid enough to feed Hugo and pay rent. She was only a few months away from being kicked off her lease—which her landlord already warned her he was doing—and she couldn’t pay her bills. Desperation was an ugly thing.
Therefore, if she had to lie, cheat, or (possibly) steal to get the kind of job she wanted, then she would. And she’d be damn good at it too.
Ian’s uncertain eyes ran over his face before he shook his head. Then he grabbed the door handle of the slightly ajar door and opened it. “They await you, Ms. Shaw,” he said with a slight bow.
Felicity straightened her shoulders then strode toward the door. It was only after she passed through the door and heard it snap closed behind her that she realized something important about what butler Ian just said. That would be that he said “they.” Indeed, Felicity felt her bravado drop through the floor as she stood frozen and staring into the faces of Dominic Blackmoore, his mother Lady Blackmoore, and none other than the beautiful socialite Juliana Greenwich.
Felicity’s eyes wandered to Dominic and her breath caught. Yes, he really was as devastatingly handsome as she’d thought. He wore another suit but today he looked angry and flustered. His eyes were dark and burning with anger aimed straight at her, and though his hateful look made her pulse leap and her stomach twist into knots, she couldn’t help but admire him.
The man could seriously wear clothes. He had his suit jacket unbuttoned and spread out on either side of his chest as if he’d flung it open when he sat down. He wore a pearly white shirt underneath with black little buttons. The top two were undone showing off dark, golden skin. Even the way he leaned back in his seat with his long arms tossed over each of the arm rests screamed I own this with masculine perfection. His knees were bent, but spread and Felicity’s gaze wavered at the sight. For a moment all she could do was picture herself between those strong thighs, holding his cock, her low-lidded eyes locked on his as she licked the length of him.
A low growl snapped through the room. 
Felicity jerked her gaze to Dominic’s just as everyone else in the room did. Had he really just growled? His eyes stared challengingly into hers—daring her to keep his gaze. That the same level of passion she’d witnessed yesterday still flickered there. The light gold around his eyes flared like a pulse and Felicity felt an answering pulse between her thighs. He might have been nasty to her yesterday but he still wanted her. That fact shocked her more than if he had walked up to her and informed her he was leaving his estate and bank accounts to her, then vanish in a puff of mysterious smoke. 
Of course that didn’t happen.
But he did look at her like he wanted her naked, in his lap, right now. And boy did she want to be.
Vampire eyes shifted when aroused, but the older the vampire the more control they had to mask such a reaction. Either Dominic wasn’t as old as she’d heard or he’d really just had a flash of arousal blaze in his eyes.
“Ms. Shaw, won’t you please take a seat?” his mother asked with a polite smile and watchful eyes. Her voice cut the tension in the room like a hot knife through warm butter.
Juliana seemed oblivious to the whole deal, while his mother looked far more cunning with her clever golden brown eyes.
Felicity managed to walk to her seat across from the two Blackmoores and the lovely Juliana Greenwich without tripping and falling on her face. Score one for her.
Juliana looked much, much more beautiful in person than she did in magazines. Felicity could probably stare at her all day trying to figure out how she could arrest one’s gaze like she did. She had a thin, pert nose with lovely hollowed cheekbones, a gently pointed chin, light brown eyebrows, and a stunning pair of blue eyes. The color was so light it looked like a cloudless sky. Her eyes were lined by heavy dark brown lashes that only brought out the color and provided a lovely contrast to her light blonde hair. And she even had perfectly shaped lips with two peaks on top and a perfect bow on the bottom. Her hair was lush—a beautiful golden yellow like the perfect strand of wheat. It shined in the light and rested in curling waves down to her waist. Yes, down to her waist!
The paparazzi followed her for a reason and not because she had more money than the Monopoly guy, but because of how she looked. She looked perfect, and that was only her face. Her body matched her face in its stunning loveliness. Tall, elegant, refined, and with more class than Jackie-O, Julianna made lovely pictures. Pictures the rest of society without as much money and good looks stared longingly at and pretended to hate. 
Really it wasn’t fair to the rest of the women in the world to have to compare to women like Julianna Greenwich. Not fair at all.
In fact, Felicity decided she might just hate her.
“Thank you for joining us tonight. I’m looking forward to hearing about your previous work experience and seeing some of your designs,” his mother said with a smile. She had the kind of polite smile that had been refined through years of having political friends and throwing strategic parties. Felicity suspected Lady Blackmoore was a master at hiding her true feelings. 
A moment later, a soft knock sounded at the door and Ian shuffled in carrying a silver tray with a crystal decanter and four glasses. Felicity watched the blood-filled decanter with longing, her tongue watering. She hadn’t fed that morning because she was out of blood again, but she hoped to rectify that problem tonight. She’d get this job, get paid upfront, and buy some of her favorite blood—AB. Lots of it. Maybe she’d even buy crates of it she could stack up in her spare bedroom for safekeeping.
Felicity watched Lady Blackmoore sit at the edge of her seat as she efficiently poured four glasses of blood. She filled each of the glasses so that the blood stopped at exactly a quarter inch from the rim. The entire time Felicity watched Lady Blackmoore’s elegant movements, she could feel Dominic’s eyes on her. She didn’t need to shift her gaze to know it was him. No one could look at her and make her feel heat from just looking. No one except Dominic Blackmoore.
Lady Blackmoore passed the crystal glasses one at a time and as Felicity took hers, her eyes betrayed her and swept to Dominic. What she saw made her freeze, made her gut clench, and her body respond in a flush of wet heat.
His low-hooded eyes were fixed on her with a burning fire of their own. Only this time it wasn’t in anger. It was pure sex. A look that said he was visually fucking her with his imagination right now. He snagged the glass from his mother, his eyes never leaving hers, and he brought it to his full sexy mouth and drank from it without ever taking his eyes off her.
They might as well be the only ones in the room. The air was so thick it felt like fog covered them. A sensual fragrance filled the air—musky, sweet, and raw. Dominic’s nostrils flared as he inhaled the same fragrance she did. His eyes closed in an expression she could only describe as pained ecstasy before they flung open to devour her.
Felicity jerked her gaze away, a bright red flush coating her cheeks. The blush shamed her even more because she didn’t know whether it was from his look or because his mother shot them both a cowing glance.
Felicity forced herself to pull her gaze away. She was supposed to be torturing him not the other way around. And as it stood right now, the memory of this night and the palpable intensity in the room would never be forgotten.
“I’ve heard you have quite the eye for refined, large parties,” Lady Blackmoore began.
Felicity’s eyes wanted so badly to pull back to Dominic. To see what he was thinking and to see if he was still staring at her. A niggling doubt sprung. What if this was all some joke on his part? After all, his bruid was sitting in the same room as them. This could all be faked, his way to toy with her after their encounter yesterday.
“Yes, I do. Call it natural talent.” Felicity pulled her résumé out of her portfolio’s case and slid it across the dark mahogany table separating them. Lady Blackmoore took it and began reading. A thin black eyebrow rose in surprise.
“You’ve worked with a quite a few high-list names. I wonder if I’ve attended any of these events. When was the last event you organized?”
Felicity froze, but then quickly forced a smile. Sure she’d been lying on her résumé for nearly a year but she’d never had an interview to discuss those lies. Of course Lady Blackmoore would know some of the high-list names she’d forged on the resume. 
What if Lady Blackmoore called them and verified that Felicity was nothing but a fraud? Panic grew like a wild weed but before it could take over she shoved it aside with a brutal hand. She leaned forward in her seat, determined to see the lies on her résumé through until she had this job in the bag.
The shawl fell down her arms and she felt heat burning the bare skin at her shoulder. A shiver raced down her arms as she pulled out the sample images from her portfolio and laid those around the table.
She answered by dodging the question. “That’s quite possible, Lady Blackmoore. I assure you I am capable of doing anything you want. All you have to do is tell me the general idea of what you’d like to have. For instance, at this particular event,” Felicity said, pointing to the image in the middle. “I designed everything you see here from the custom art work on the walls to the dancers hired to perform.”
The picture was of the beautiful ballroom in Godsfreade manor in Pennsylvania. She’d never actually been there but socialites used the room for major events all the time. It had a beautiful marble staircase that could easily fit twenty people straight across it. The entire room was made out in dark wooden beams etched with hand carved designs of doves and tulips. A glorious golden chandelier lit the room in a spectacular fashion and wall sconces, much dimmer in light, shadowed the walls. The ballroom easily held five hundred people at maximum capacity, and if the backdoors were opened which led to the award-winning Victorian-style gardens, then you could fit close to seven hundred.
In this picture, Felicity had designed round tables where black wooden chairs with a dark violet upholstering could sit up to six people. The tabletops were some of her best work. Atop them were the place settings with real silver dining ware. The name cards were made of heavy linen paper and embossed with heavy violet ink in an elegant cursive script. Wine glasses and water glasses sat behind the plates. Heavy linen napkins were rolled and wrapped in a lilac colored ribbon. A miniature vase with a single light purple lilac sat by each setting and in the center of the table was a large centerpiece of glass and crystal with six tall white candles lit. And below them were a bushel of lilacs and lilacs mixed with daisies. 
It was a fantasy wedding, or so Felicity had made up. The colors she’d envisioned were white and lilac, with the deep violet from the chairs, the delicate purple flowers, and the white tablecloth, the colors made one heck of a sight.
If only it was real.
“And whose wedding was this?”
Felicity wracked her mind for a name and came up with the name of her last real client from a year ago. She’d been hired by a local barbeque restaurant to throw an annual company party. The man who’d hired her was Spencer Terry.
“The wedding was for Spencer Terry and his wife Terri.”
Lady Blackmoore’s thin eyebrow arched. “They both have the name Terry?”
Shit. Felicity quickly tried to fix her poor lie. “Um, yes actually. His last name is Terry and her face name is Terri but with an ‘i’. Odd, I know.” She laughed a little.
There that sounded good. She smiled again, all professional.
“So her name is now Terry Terri?” Lady Blackmoore said slowly.
Shit. I’m so busted!
She was just about to try to dig her way out of this nonsense when she heard a soft giggle.
Julianna Greenwich had the tops of her manicured fingers pressed against her trembling mouth as her shoulders shook. She was trying desperately not to laugh, but more giggles came and, as if she couldn’t hold it in any longer, she tossed her head back and laughed a good old-fashioned laugh that came all the way from her belly. The sound was so infectious Felicity joined in and then Lady Blackmoore’s laughter, and even that sounded polite, followed. Everyone laughed but Dominic.
Felicity looked at him still smiling and his entire body tensed.
Before she could decide what to make of Dominic Blackmoore the door opened swung open. Felicity watched a drop-dead sexy man saunter in with a confident smile and crinkles around his Blackmoore eyes.
“What’s so funny?” the man asked. He headed right into their private party, grabbed the finished drink out of Dominic’s hand then refilled it and tossed it back like he was taking a shot. Then he looked each one of them in the face and decided to take the seat next to Felicity.
Felicity felt another charge in the air and for some reason she scooted away from him. The charge diminished, somewhat.
The man had a sexy appeal to him that looked completely natural, not like he did it on purpose. He looked an awful lot like Dominic but had ruggedness to him. Dark stubble covered his jaw and chin and crossed at the top of his lip to give him a sexy beard and moustache that he kept trim to his skin. He wore a white long sleeved shirt that fit him loosely but also hinted at a lean, hard body underneath. With that he wore jeans, a black knit belt and heavy black boots that he promptly lifted and sat on the expensive wood table.
Dominic spoke first. His eyes were leveled on the man, unwelcoming. “This has nothing to do with you, Luc. Leave now.”
Luc. Oh shit. Felicity turned to the man sitting next to her as recognition sunk in. This was Lucas freaking Blackmoore—Dominic’s brother and singer in LBB, the band that Beth told her about.
“I know it doesn’t have anything to do with me. That’s why this is all so fun.” He inclined his head and said, “Mother, Lady Julianna.” 
“So good to see you again, Lucas,” Julianna acknowledged. She even had a soft pretty voice. 
Felicity hated her even more.
“And you too, doll face. So who’s this?” he drawled out and as his gaze leveled on Felicity, she swore she could feel it across every inch of her skin.
Dominic answered. “That’s Ms. Felicity Shaw. Mother’s considering hiring her as the planner for the bonding ceremony.” He clearly sounded as if he loathed the idea more than anything.
Felicity straightened in her seat and glared. “And what’s wrong with that? Have you seen the work I’ve done? I’m excellent!”
At once, she felt all eyes fall on her but she was beyond caring. This was between him and her.
Dominic apparently didn’t care either because he sat forward in his chair leaning his arms on his strong thighs as he glared those beautiful eyes at her.
“To speak frankly, I’ve seen better.”
Felicity froze.
But not at what he said, but at the undercurrent riding them. It was a jab and she hadn’t missed it. What he really meant was: he’d seen more women that were more beautiful than her. One of them was sitting in this room right now.
“Well so have I.” She arched her left eyebrow to indicate the rugged musician sitting next to her and Lucas smiled turned into a feline grin. Dominic’s mouth twitched unhappily. 
She sensed it coming. Something big. She just didn’t know what it was. All of the energy in the room seemed to gravitate towards him as if he had more mass than anything else. Anger, frustration, and something else poured from him in unrelenting waves like an assault. Felicity didn’t back down though, no matter how completely out of her league she was. And she was totally out of her league in every regard to this man, hell, to this entire family.
Then like a switch being thrown the spell broke, but it didn’t fade away. Instead it moved to linger in the background like a shadow flickering in a dark room.
Lucas burst out laughing and several things happened that no one pointed out.
One, Felicity had to remember to tell Beth she was right. Lucas Blackmoore had a devastatingly gorgeous voice—a lovely rumbling tenor. His singing voice could only be magnificent, for sure. Two, Dominic stood up. Three, Julianna’s lips tightened in a pained expression. Four, Lady Blackmoore sighed like an exhausted woman.
Felicity would remember this moment always and exactly in that sequence, because this was the moment her entire life changed. Well, later she might argue that it actually changed the moment Ian called her to interview at Blackmoore estate. Whatever. Apples and oranges and all that.
Lucas’ laughter died out. “Well isn’t this all interesting. We have a planner looking to design your bonding ceremony, a bruid to be, a bonded male to be, and mother in the middle. I say we hire her.” He pretended to look over her portfolio pictures on the table but no way could he really be judging her work when he looked at them all for barely a second.
“No,” Dominic said.
Lady Blackmoore picked up several of the pictures and eyed them with a strong eye. She had been to many parties in her life. She would cast the final judgement.
“She does do some fine work,” she muttered.
Felicity could feel the divide. Dominic versus the rest of them. The only one who had yet to say what they thought was Juliana. Felicity narrowed in for the kill. 
“Lady Greenwich what would your colors be for the bonding ceremony?”
A light pink tinged her cheeks. “I suppose...I suppose I’d like ivory and gray.”
Elegant, strong, but beautiful colors. Also not very traditional which would make it stand out more. A color scheme and design plan started to form in Felicity’s mind like a spider slowly building a web.
Felicity leaned into Julianna, a smile on her face. “Lady Greenwich, I promise you will have the most beautiful ceremony ever. People will be talking about it for years to come. You will be the envy of everyone. Grey and ivory will paint the room and paint you into a beautiful masterpiece, one that will take breaths away. I will work with you personally. I’ll be at your beck and call. Everything will be made out into the finest of details. It will be your perfect day. I promise I can do this for you.”
The room grew quiet. Then Julianna smiled. The look transformed her face from beautiful to absolutely stunning. 
Knowing that one day Julianna would be the one touching Dominic’s naked body, feeling the heat of his gaze on her skin filled Felicity’s mouth with a sour taste.
The thought sent a surge of unpleasantness through her. For a moment all she wanted to do was stand up and leave. Leave the beautiful woman with her soon to be mate. They’d make incredibly beautiful children together. 
Something hardened in her. This was the opportunity of a lifetime and she wouldn’t throw it away out of jealousy. No matter how badly she wished she was in Julianna’s place.
“Yes, I want her,” said Julianna.
Lucas grinned. “I second that.”
Felicity kept her back straight as she glanced between Dominic and Lady Blackmoore. Her fate rested in their hands.
Dominic crossed his arms across his chest and scowled at them all. 
Well, she had his answer.
Lady Blackmoore was a different matter, and she was smart. She hadn’t missed the awkward exchange between Dominic and her. However, she also kept looking over her designs with a keen eye. Like she was actually considering it.
Felicity waited on bated breath.
“No.” That came from Dominic and didn’t surprise her.
However, Lady Blackmoore stood with her lips pressing into a firm line.
“I agree she’d make a fine planner for the occasion.” Felicity folded her hands together and squeezed to keep from bursting from the seat of her pants like she wanted to. “However, I have a few concerns.” Instantly Felicity’s shoulders sagged.
“Well I have more than a few concerns,” snapped Dominic. “I don’t want her working for us.”
Lucas looked at his brother with feigned shock. “And why not? You saw her work. It’s good stuff.”
Yeah, why not, Felicity wanted to say, but instead frowned.
“I don’t want her working for us because—” he stopped himself short and once again tension filled the room like a suffocating blanket.
Felicity yearned to crack a window and let some fresh air in.
“Perhaps you should let it be your bruid’s decision,” Lucas said. His eyes dancing with merry mischief.
“I like her work,” came Julianna’s soft reply.
Felicity wanted to high five her. Thanks to her she might just get this job.
“Dominic, if you’ll come with me we can discuss these concerns together. In the meantime, Ms. Shaw you have the job.” Lady Blackmoore held her hand out and Felicity shook it, unable to hide her smile.
“Thank you so much.”
Dominic and his mother headed for the door, but at the last minute he turned around. “This isn’t over.”
It was a promise.
 
 
* * * * *
 
Dominic followed his mother into the library. He knew where this was going but that didn’t mean he liked it.
Only one thought possessed his mind—Felicity Shaw.
Even her name sounded good to him. It had an upbeat, feminine quality to it that pleased the ears. Something about Felicity Shaw intrigued him. After she left last night he found he wanted to know more about her. Hell, he wanted to know everything about her and not from some intel report but from her own mouth. Why he wanted any of this he had no clue, but like a hound catching the scent of prey, he had her scent locked inside him. And he wouldn’t stop until he caught her.
Was she trying to kill him wearing a dress like that? That had been his first thought when he saw her. Hell, she looked good enough to eat. At first sight his cock had sprung up like a boy seeing his first pair of tits. She did it on purpose. No doubt about that. She wanted to taunt him for slighting her last night. 
Well, he had plans to take care of that. To take care of them both in the process.
For some reason he found himself enjoying this immensely. Anticipation and excitement filled his veins like hot, thick blood. Both were feelings he hadn’t felt in ages. Helena had turned from burning hot to lukewarm. Then as time passed lukewarm faded to frigid. One hundred years into their blood bond and he had a mate who couldn’t stand his touch, but would easily take his money to lavish herself with jewelry and fine clothes.
Oddly, thinking about her now didn’t fill him with the kind of anger it had before. He almost smiled. Soon Helena would be nothing to him. Not even a distant bad memory. She deserved far worse from him.
His mother turned to him. “What is she to you?”
Dominic crossed his arms. He adored his mother but being around someone for your whole life when that life lasted a very long time grew tiresome. His mother was the perfect political icon, which meant she knew when to be polite and smile and when to push straight to the point. Now she chose the latter.
“Yesterday I thought she was Julianna Greenwich and my soon to be bruid. Then I learn she’s the damn planner. How the hell was I to know? They both have long blond hair, and the only picture I had of her was fuzzy and old.”
“Why were you wrapped around each other yesterday? I will not hire her if this is going to be a problem, Dominic. Have you shared such intimacies with Lady Julianna or is this only a problem you have for Ms. Shaw? 
“No,” he said. Just the thought of touching the immaculately beautiful Julianna made his fangs retreat. He had no curiosity in finding out what made Julianna tick. Just the thought of having a conversation with her made his head ache. Her life consisted of parties, clothes, and riches. So much like Helena. 
Felicity Shaw was not like that. There was more to her. He saw that in the way her eyes spit fire at him last night and then today. No one dared to get angry with him aside from his closest friends and family. She didn’t fear him though.
“Are you saying that you’re attracted to Ms. Shaw because you thought she was Julianna or because you simply are?”
Dominic never backed down from how he felt. Once he made a decision he stuck to it. If he wanted something he got it. If he needed to tell someone pertinent information he did that too. He wasn’t about to change now. Direct worked best to those he was close to. 
“I’m attracted to her yes. As to your other question, while I did think she was Julianna yesterday, my attraction has nothing to do with the fact that I thought she was my bruid; and no I have not had ‘intimacies’ with Julianna Greenwich. She holds no favor over me.” At all.
His mother gasped. “But she’s to be your bruid!”
“Not of my choice.” Even someone such as him had to bend sometimes, bend to the need of others and in this case, he needed a certain blue-blood socialite to help earn him the nomination for president. He would become the next president and representative for the vampires, but no one in the history of the council has ever become president without a blood bonded mate. Someone blue-blooded, rich, quiet, and who knew how to keep her place. Julianna Greenwich fit that bill to a T. 
None of this would have happened if his father hadn’t caught the rare vampire disease, arromunia. Dom had moved on. He was ready to move into his father’s steps and take over.
If Dom hadn’t separated from Helena then none of this would be a problem. He was expected to have a bruid—a vampire mate to represent the women for the council. He could not run unmated and expect to win. 
After Felicity left the estate last night, he’d called his brother Grayson to look into her. Grayson owned a security company that specialized in protecting vampires and Weres. Some people always had targets on their back and no one, not even the immortal could always escape a murder attempt. Grayson and his team did excellent work but something his brother excelled at was gathering intel.
He looked into Felicity Shaw after she left last night and learned all about her. Her mother lived off an inheritance left to her by a dead husband. She took that money and squandered it badly—spending most of it on her very young and new “mate” who came from an even poorer background. According to Grayson, it looked like Felicity and her mother did not speak, and her father, a nameless figure, had never been in her life.
It looked like Mrs. Shaw was robbing the cradle and had left her daughter behind to fend for herself some years ago. The report also showed that Felicity had been searching for a job for over a year. She lived in a lower-income neighborhood with a beat-up car that still wasn’t paid off and had outstanding bills and debts.
The amount of debt she carried along with her previous paying jobs, according to what she’d told them during the interview didn’t add up. She would have to be a big spender to garner that kind of debt. Maybe even bigger than Helena. Just the thought brought a sour taste to his tongue. He didn’t want the passionate Felicity Shaw to have anything to do with his ex-bruid.
“It may not be of your choice, Dominic but you must. The Weres are pushing for the presidency which will give them majority control. Alpha Were Zeke wishes to have control over everything. He wants to bring forth a law that will force men to seek their mates and claim them even from other packs. You know how dangerous that will be. He says their population is dying out. Rafe Were Chief of the North, wishes to have were supremacy over the council. You know he’ll vote and push and maybe even lead us to war to get the vampires off the council so that Zeke can rule. Zeke isn’t the right man for this position, Dominic.”
“Mother, I know this,” he said. 
“Then you know what’s at stake if you don’t get elected.” Her voice softened as she came towards him. She let her guard down and he saw the burning pain of his father’s death still lingering in her eyes. It had only been a few months since they’d lit his dead body and let the flames take him. “Your father was a great man. It’ll be hard for any to take over in his place, but if anyone can do it, you can, my son.”
“Mother, I’ll win the presidency. Don’t worry about it.”
She nodded, blinking fast as tears filled her eyes, and then she gave him a tight smile. “Of course you and Lady Julianna will only help to prove to the people that you are traditional just as your father was. She will make a fine bruid.”
Dominic looked away. He doubted that. He didn’t like being quick to judge but Julianna didn’t seem like the type to care about women’s issues and that would be her responsibility as his queen.
A knot settled in his chest like a lead ball.
It felt wrong even thinking about mating with Julianna. It had nothing to do with the fact that they’d barely spoken when they met last night. Last night when he’d handed his family’s ring to her. The same ring that he’d forcibly removed from Helena’s finger not but a few months earlier. Did Julianna say anything? No, she just tipped her lips into a gracious smile then left for her rooms. 
He’d hoped that maybe once he met Julianna that same fire he’d felt for Felicity Shaw would be there. He’d thought that maybe, just maybe, he’d been so long without a bedmate that his lust-filled mind had overtaken him.
But then he and Julianna sat and talked quite genially over a glass of blood and he’d never been more bored. She was not passionate. She did not fire his blood. She didn’t even capture his interest. He’d rather read an encyclopedia on insects than talk to her. It had been that bad. Of course, it didn’t help that all he’d wanted to do was go after Felicity. He had been unable to stop replaying their short time together. 
Julianna did nothing for him. 
He certainly did not have fantasies of pulling her expensive dress up, touching her wetness, then filling her over and again with his cock.
Nope. Not at all.
Even the thought of doing such a thing with the doll-like Julianna made his skin shrivel like a prune.
But he had to do it. His mother was right. He needed a bruid before he ran for office and there wasn’t much time for that. He needed one famous enough that everyone already knew her and would accept her graciously. Julianna would fit the part perfectly. Even her father was ready with his constituents to back his political campaign. All he had to do was mate with Julianna.
He’d been thinking it through since last night and could only come up with one decision. He must take Felicity as his mistress.
A slow smile curled over his lips.
“What’s that look?” his mother asked warily.
He flicked his gaze to hers and smiled for real. “It’s nothing. Just making plans. Let’s get back to our guests now, shall we?”
He turned for the door but his mother grabbed his arm and tugged. He turned back to her, one questioning brow raised.
“Son, you will mate with Julianna, won’t you?”
“Of course.”
Another unwanted mate to be saddled with. He’d done it before for five hundred years. He could do it again. Anything for his people. Anything to keep the Weres, especially Zeke, from taking over. That would put three Weres against two vampires on the council. He couldn’t have that. Not when his father had taken that seat for more than four hundred and fifty years.
“What about Ms. Shaw?” she asked. “I don’t have to give her the job. I can make this all go away. You know it’s for the best.”
Dominic regarded at the door, envisioning Felicity sitting on the sofa wearing that dress made to drive a man wild and looking nervous, sweet, and sexy all at the same time. 
“She’ll be mine,” he said with finality. “Let her keep the job. It’ll matter not.”
“But—”
“That’s enough!” He said it with quiet menace and his mother nodded, her eyes falling to the floor.
Dominic entered the receiving room to find Felicity smiling up at his brother as if he’d just said something to make her laugh. A knot formed in his chest and he started for them with only one thought in mind—killing his brother—when Julianna stepped in front of him.
“Mr. Blackmoore,” she said softly and bowed her head. “If it pleases you I’ll take my leave to the bedroom now. I am very satisfied with the planner. Thank you.”
Shit. Dominic had almost forgotten about her. New bruids always moved into her soon-to-be mate’s home before the ceremony. It was a period for them to get to know each other better. 
He inclined his head. “I’m glad it pleases you.”
She smiled again, somewhat stiffly, and though her looks were in abundance, nearly perfect, nothing in him stirred for her. Nothing at all.
She left and then Lucas started speaking. Dominic didn’t like several things about this. 
For one, he didn’t like how close he stood to Felicity. 
For two, he didn’t like how his brother used his charming voice to get into women’s beds. Which was exactly what he was doing right now.
For three, he absolutely wanted to slam his fist into his brother’s face at what came out of his mouth.
“I’ll tell you what. I’ll get you two tickets for my show tomorrow night. It’s a smaller gig down at the Coyote Theater. You can bring your friend you were telling me about.”
Felicity looked like she’d just been notified she’d won a large sum of money. Dom closed in on them.
He couldn’t keep the growl out of his voice. “What’s going on here?”
Felicity jerked at the sound of his voice and he instantly cooled it, not liking the unease flashing in her eyes.
“Lucas was just inviting me to a concert of his tomorrow.” She turned back to Luc. “I’d love to go. I mean really, I can’t even tell you how excited I am! Beth is going to go nuts.” She had a bright, captivating smile and even her eyes glittered when she smiled. 
The fact that Lucas put that look on her face sent another growl from his throat.
Lucas sent him a real look this time. Not one with a stupid grin. “Ne yanlish?” he asked in their native tongue of Turkish. They rarely used it anymore but in times of discretion, it worked nicely.
“O benim.” She is mine, answered Dominic.
Lucas straightened slowly from Felicity, his eyes darkening. “Dikktali Olmak.” Take care, he said in Turkish, a gentle warning.
“I will,” he answered in English. 
Lucas left and the door closed locking him and Felicity in the room.
She noticed it at about the same time as her eyes widened then darted about the room realizing they were alone.
His body started to burn as he breathed in her feminine scent. He liked it best this way. Her scent, not mixed with the others’. It saturated the room with its soft femininity. The pulse at her throat thumped faster and all he wanted to do was wrap her hair around his fist and plunge his fangs into her neck. Taste her. Drink her. She would like it. He knew it somewhere deep inside him. Her sexy little fangs would drop as her blood grew warm and her sex wet as her blood coated his tongue.
His cock grew hard in his slacks.
“Ms. Shaw,” he said, loving the way she shivered. “You got the job.”
“I-I think I’ll just be going.”
She tried to dart to the side but his hand shot out and curled over the shawl on her shoulders. Her chest rose and fell in hard waves. She felt this too. This incredible connection that existed between only them. He could howl his joy to the world. It wasn’t his lust-clogged mind, devoid of sex for so long that felt this longing. They both felt it. And it was real.
“What are you doing?” she breathed, her eyes skidding longingly to the door.
He took a step closer and she backed up. This went on several more steps until her back hit the brick fireplace.
“Something I’ve wanted to do all day,” he said honestly.
Her eyes locked on his—bright, wide eyes he could stare into all day.
“What’s that?” she whispered.
Dom leaned into her, loving the way her body cradled his. As if they fit. He wanted to savor this moment, to savor her. It was a fierce need starting to boil inside him that urged him to touch her everywhere, to learn her, to run his lips across her body, to taste her warm skin, and to breathe in her luscious scent.
He curled her into his body. She made a soft noise in the back of her throat. He wanted to hear more of those sensual sounds and to be the one making her do it.
Using his nose he pushed her wavy hair off one shoulder then buried his face in her neck. Her body shuddered against him, her rapid pulse beating against his lips revealing her excitement. He breathed in her sultry mix of musky woman and sweetness. God, how good she must taste. His mouth watered and he didn’t hesitate to run his tongue up the column of her neck.
Another shudder.
She latched onto the lapels of his jacket as if to keep him from leaving. Fine by him. His body more than agreed—it insisted.
Her hips arched against him and he growled. Keeping one arm squeezed tightly around her so she couldn’t go anywhere, he grabbed a fist full of her thick curling hair. He loved the way it felt in his fist. 
“Do you have any idea what I want to do to you?” he said against her neck.
Mutely, she shook her head. Her heavy breathing teased his ears.
He tugged just enough to arch her neck, bending it to elongate the beautiful creamy flesh. He ran his tongue across her thumping pulse as his fangs extended, pulsating like his cock, urging him to bite down.
He ran his fangs across her trembling throat, grazing the surface. “I want to penetrate you. I want to fill every part of you.” She made a soft mewling noise that fed the beast inside him. “I want your neck, in your body, in your mouth, everywhere. You’ll give it to me, won’t you, Felicity?”
She trembled, her hands shaking against his jacket.
He grazed her again with his fangs as his other hand slipped down over the soft material of her clingy dress to cup her backside. They both groaned. He palmed her, learning and loving the feel of her plump flesh. It had just enough give, more than enough give actually, to drive a man wild with ideas. Ideas such as spanking her rounded flesh and watching the little waves spread across one cheek to the other, or of nibbling the flesh before sinking his fangs inside a trembling globe.
He’d always enjoyed a nice handful in the backside but now he fucking loved it. 
His tongue snaked along the shell of her ear. “You’ll give yourself to me, won’t you?” he said, demand lacing his words. 
Her hips pumped subtly against him, searching for something he was more than ready to give her. 
“So eager, sweets,” he said kissing his way down the other side of her neck. He loved the way she trembled beneath him. It made him feel powerful like he could knock down a sixty-story building with the flick of his pinky. Fuck he felt alive!
“Dom.” Her voice was a ragged whisper laced with need. A need he more than understood. 
His name on her lips broke something inside him. It broke something he hadn’t known he’d been holding back—his control.
With a throaty grunt he snapped her head back by her hair, found her eyes with his, and then crushed their mouths together. She responded first, arms sweeping up around his neck to pull him even closer, crushing her soft breasts against him. Then her tongue thrust into his mouth licking at him with sensual strokes.
He went wild.
Using his hand on her backside, he cupped her then pulled her up against his erection, rocking her. She made another soft sound, one so hot he wanted to remember it forever, then she started grinding herself against his cock. She aligned the parts just right so she could grind herself up his length and bump against the head of him. Perfect.
He wanted to tear his head away, bury his fangs in her throat, and sink his cock into her wet folds but he didn’t want to end the kiss. The taste of her flooded his tongue. He’d never tasted anything so good. She tasted like sweet passion and gentle woman. 
He knew then he’d do anything for her. He’d kill and fight. He’d lay down his life for her. He’d take his people to war for her.
Anything for her. 
Because for the first time in his life he felt something for another person that was so alive and real inside him that he knew he’d never find this again. This wild passion, this need to know her, to have her was a new, foreign experience he wanted to savor. Even as they strained against each other, ragged breaths mingling, hands clenching, he knew this singular feeling would never come again. She was meant to be his. 
Nothing else could explain the nearly uncontrollable craving roaring in his head that screamed at him to fuck her right here, to plant his seed in her. He wanted that. He wanted a child with her, no, several children with her. He didn’t know why, but with her tongue softly snaking across his he didn’t question it.
Then kissing her wasn’t enough.
He needed to feel bare skin, to feel her warm flesh thriving against his palms. Deftly, he slipped his hand under the bottom of her dress and cupped bare, glorious flesh in his palm. The tips of his fingers felt the scratchy material of lace resting between her cheeks. A damn thong. He groaned like a dying man. She was surely trying to kill him.
She broke away, her glazed eyes staring at him with hunger. Her eyes were low-lidded, expression soft but needy. Her lips were wet and swollen. The tips of her little white fangs peeked out from beneath her top lip and his cock leaked at the sight.
She was so damned beautiful. He’d never seen anything lovelier. Little white fangs. Such a young vampire, couldn’t control her response with how aroused she was. As her lips parted to accommodate her panting breaths, he couldn’t keep from tugging her hair to study those beautiful sharp points.
“I want your bite,” he growled.
She blinked slowly with surprise, and then her eyelids lowered again into a smoky expression. Her eyes dropped to his neck and her pink tongue darted out to lick her lips. 
“Yes.” Her voice was nothing more than a breath.
His sac pulled up firm and tight. He might not make it through her bite but hell if he wouldn’t try. “Do it,” he said. 
A different kind of hunger flashed in her eyes, beautifully mixing with the sensual haze. She nodded again and he guided her to his neck by her hair.
He hadn’t anticipated it. 
He didn’t know what it would be like.
It’d been so damned long since someone had taken from him.
He’d forgotten how fucking great it felt.
Felicity buried her lips against his neck in an open-mouthed kiss, her heavy breaths panting against him. Her sweet little tongue licked up, preparing him for her bite. He kept his hand on her ass, rocking her against his cock.
Fuck he was going to come from this. He just knew it.
Sharp points grazed his skin. One nicked him like a razor blade and she let out a fluttering sigh as her tongue lapped at him.
His patience snapped. “Fucking hell, do it already!”  
She moaned then pressed her fangs into his neck and slowly, so fucking slowly, started to sink them into him. She wasn’t that eager because she was savoring this like it was a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Her fangs were halfway in, his cock ready to explode, the heavy scent of their arousal saturated the room like a sensual cloud when the door opened and ruined everything.
Felicity jumped back from him nearly tearing his neck in the process as she guiltily pressed as far back into the wall as she could to keep from being seen.
Dom was much slower to turn. 
He might very well take off the person’s head who dared to intrude on them.
Turning, he put room between him and Felicity, albeit not much. He intended to finish what they’d started, and it would end with his cock buried deeply inside her and his fangs in her throat.
His mother stood at the door with a blank expression on her face. A look that said she could have walked in on them playing a game of chess for all she saw. Lady Blackmoore had a hell of a poker face.
“What do you want?” 
She lifted an envelope. “Ms. Shaw’s pay. She needs to begin work immediately. The ceremony will be in a month just two days before the election. Ms. Greenwich’s family has agreed on the date.”
Felicity walked past him. Her cheeks burned red, her hair was a mess in an unmistakable way, but still she held her chin high. Damn, he was proud of her. Not many could keep their cool around his mother let alone in a situation such as this.
“Thank you, Lady Blackmoore. I’ll need Lady Greenwich’s contact information so that I can deal directly with her,” Felicity said. 
Dominic strode forward. “That won’t be necessary. You’ll be going through me for this job.”
Felicity and his mother turned to him with arched eyebrows. “You want me to plan the bonding ceremony with you?” Felicity said slowly.
His mother narrowed her eyes on him. “You know nothing of planning an event like this.”
Dominic crossed his arms. “I’ve been to as many events and bonding ceremonies as you have, mother. I want a say in what goes down. You have Julianna’s colors in mind. Unless you need to ask her something specific, you’ll go through me.”
Anger flashed in Felicity’s eyes making the light blue color turn darker. He liked that about her too. She had expressive eyes.
His mother handed Felicity the envelope then grabbed her by the arm. “I’ll just see her out.”
“That won’t be necessary,” Dom said between clenched teeth.
His mother already had Felicity to the door. “Why don’t you just relax, honey, you’ve had a long day.”
With that she closed the door and took his woman away.
His woman.
He liked the sound of that.
He smiled not knowing just how wicked of a smile it was. 
 
Chapter 6
 
The following day a messenger showed up with an envelope carrying two tickets to see LBB at the Coyote Theater downtown. The Blackmoores had their own messengers—nuts.
Felicity had a lot to do. She had only a month to plan the wedding of the century to someone she feared was getting under her skin in a bad way. She had to get Beth over ASAP to dish about what happened last night. 
Felicity sighed as she opened a can of cat food and scooped some out for Hugo.
Well, the dress had worked.
It apparently had worked quite freaking well, because without even touching her, as in really touching her, he’d nearly made her come last night. She grew wet just thinking about it. He’d turned her on that badly. She’d been putty in his hands needing him to touch and mold her to his fashion.
God, she’d begged for it. Begged for him. Worse, she didn’t know if she’d be able to turn him away if he did it again. 
She’d taken his vein! Something so cherished and revered among their kind. What was wrong with her? 
She exhaled as she jumped into the shower. Hell, she knew what was wrong with her. Dominic Blackmoore. It wasn’t even the attractiveness. Honestly, his brother Lucas was better looking, but nothing about Lucas made her quiver with need or want to melt at his feet. All Dom had to do was give her that look.
The look.
The look that said: I want to bury myself so deep inside of you right now.
He’d pretty much even said as much last night. The man was not shy.
This was all wrong. He was being mated to Julianna freaking Greenwich in a month’s time. She had to put a stop to this...thing happening between them.
Why was that so disappointing to think about?
She had to do it. She was not a home wrecker. She would not fool around with an engaged vampire. But the thought of him touching beautiful, doll-like Julianna made her fists curl and her heart ache. The more she thought about him looking at Julianna like that, touching Julianna like he had with her made chest burn with jealousy.
She had it bad for Dominic Blackmoore.
Her stomach quivered at the thought of his lips, his hands. He touched her just how she wanted to be touched.
He made her bite him.
Holy hell had that surprised her. Vampires, especially the older ones in power, did not give blood away lightly—as in at all in many cases. Some who are quite old even refuse to share blood with their bond mates. They consider their blood special and if they bestow it on you then it’d be a rare gift. 
Dom had given it as if he’d needed her to take from him. He’d order her to take his aged, perfect blood. Her nipples hardened into tender little points remembering his taste. Masculine perfection, that’s how she’d describe it. His taste had instantly robbed her of all thoughts.
A shiver wracked over her body. Felicity blinked realizing her water had lost all of its heat and poured out freezing cold streams. She shut it off, grabbed her towel, and started getting ready.
She didn’t know what she was going to do about the man who had captured her attention unlike anyone else ever had. He was so damn untouchable. He was off-limits, not to be had for someone like her. Maybe if her parents had been richer or if she came down from a long line of royalty that could be traced back to the dark ages like the Blackmoore family. Maybe then he’d be in her league. But that would never happen. One couldn’t change their heritage. She was a poor girl from a family of limited means.
Dom didn’t seem to mind that, a voice said in her head.
Just remembering the sweet and sexy things he growled at her last night made her heart twinge like something burning had been lodged there. No one had ever said anything like that to her. And she’d like it. It’d made her crave him more. 
The concert started at ten and she still hadn’t told Beth. Beth was going to freak the hell out. Felicity couldn’t wait to see it. 
They only had three hours until the concert so Felicity phoned Beth to get her ass over here. Of course Beth had to turn down her background music first, only this time Felicity recognized the voice in the background—Lucas Blackmoore.
While Beth was on the way over, Felicity took some of her last blood out of her warming oven. The warming oven was a great little invention. The small oven was about the size of a mini-fridge but kept things at warmer temperatures. It could also hold plastic bags of blood, glass, hell even Tupperware without melting or becoming stale. It worked like a charm.
Felicity eyed her diminished stash of blood. She had two bottles left but soon she’d be stacked. As she popped the cap on her glass bottle of AB, she froze. She’d been so busy on the drive home last night reliving every single second she’d spent with Dom that she hadn’t even looked at the check.
Now she raced across her kitchen to the dining room table, which also served as her kitchen table. The envelope sat next to her portfolio. She grabbed it and tore it open.
She stared at the check, blinking. The numbers of zeroes couldn’t be accurate. There were too many.
Her heart started beating in a hard staccato tempo.
Then a knocking sound joined the beat. Could vampires have a heart attack? No, no she couldn’t die like that, but holy cow were there a lot of zeroes.
Her front door opened and she barely managed to lift her eyes from the check to see Beth coming in looking agitated. Beth froze as she took in Felicity. Then Felicity froze.
“What’s wrong?” said Beth, slowly walking closer.
“I got paid.” Felicity’s voice was hoarse and dry.
Beth’s lips curled into a smile. “You got the job. Isn’t this a great thing we should be celebrating right now?”
Felicity nodded numbly not even realizing she was doing it. Beth crossed her arms, her agitation gone. “Okay, show me it.”
Felicity somehow managed to stand upright and show her the check.
Beth cocked her head, squinted at the check, then her eyes widened and she flew forward to snatch it from Felicity’s hand.
“No way! A hundred and fifty thousand dollars? This is your pay?”
Felicity swallowed over the lump in her throat. A hundred and fifty thousand dollars. That would more than pay off her bills. That’d keep paying them for a long while and she’d be able to eat for a few years off that. 
Beth set the check on the table as if it was a sacred object that might break, and then sighed. “Is part of that for costs of buying things?”
Felicity frowned. “I don’t think so. She said it was just my pay. Usually for big jobs like this they’ll open their own account and give me a specific amount of money to work with and we’ll go from there. We didn’t discuss any of that though.” At the thought of what she did do yesterday—make out with Dom—she blushed.
Beth took a seat and smiled wickedly. “Okay, tell me everything. The dress worked, didn’t it?”
“Like a freaking charm.”
Beth clapped and tossed her head back laughing. “I knew it would. That dress on you just begs for attention.”
“Yes, well, um there are a few problems with all that.”
“Like what?”
“Well, he’s getting blood bonded in a month to another woman, and I think I really like him.”
Beth frowned. “What’s a blood bond?”
Right, sometimes Felicity forgot her best friend was mortal. “It’s like a wedding only much harder to divorce from and much more permanent. It’s a forever kind of thing, usually.”
Beth raised a brow. “But I was reading one of your vampire magazines—”
“It’s called V Society,” Felicity interrupted.
“Riiight, V Society, and it said that Dominic Blackmoore of the illustrious Blackmoore family had severed his bond with a woman named Helena.”
Felicity remembered that too. “That just means he must have been seriously unhappy with her. They were together for almost five hundred years. They were never really seen together either. The magazine is filled with pictures of her but none of him.” Felicity shrugged.
“So who’s the woman he’s supposed to marry—I mean bond with now?”
Felicity grabbed her teakettle and started making hot water. Beth loved her hot tea—heavy on the milk and sugar.
“Julianna Greenwich, another blue blood like him. She’s gorgeous.”
Beth’s eyes rounded with remembrance. “Tall, willowy, blond, stunningly beautiful and dresses to the nines? Does that sound about right?”
Felicity smiled tightly. “That’s about right.” Too right.
Beth whistled low. “I saw her in those magazines too. She’s on like every other page. So he gets to bond to the pretty blond woman? No fair.”
“Yeah, tell me about it.” Felicity played it cool but fact was this bothered her. Talking so flippantly about Julianna mating with the man that drove her wild didn’t exactly make her feel good. It made her feel sick to her stomach. 
“Why bond with her? They close or something?”
“Well, his father died of a rare disease a few months ago and the big election is coming up. I guess since his father was president of the council for so long everyone expects he’ll get the nomination. But he needs a bruid. All presidents had one when they were elected. Those who didn’t never won. Plus Julianna has a great history with her family. People like her. He’ll get voted in for sure.”
“What’s a bruid?” Beth said rolling the “r” as Felicity did.
“Exactly what it sounds like I guess. The female who’s getting mated is called a bruid. When two vampires are mated they form a blood bond. It’s actually called sanguis vanculo. You find the one you want to bond with, there’s a ceremony, blood is drawn and shared, you have sex, there’s possibly a fight and so on. A blood bond.” She shrugged.
Beth got up to start fixing her tea. “Whoa, wait, blood, sex, and fighting. The blood I get. Swapping and drinking it or whatever you all do. Sex I get, that one is pretty universal, but the fighting? Where does that fit in?”
Felicity had never seen a challenge personally; they were rare. “Before the ceremony ends, if another male or female would like to fight—like a challenge—for the rights to one of the mates then they can do so. If either one wins then they will take the place of the original person.”
Beth gave her a say-what? look before she dumped a gallon of sugar into her tea. “So, wait now, let me see if I get this. Let’s say I wanted to bond with Dominic Blackmoore. Then I could attend this ceremony, interrupt it at the right time to challenge Julianna, and if I win then I can take her place to be his bruid?”
Felicity shrugged. “Pretty much. It’s rare but it happens sometimes. Usually it’s a male fighting over the woman. They deck it out and whoever wins gets to claim her.”
“That sounds pretty unfair. What if they’re desperately in love and the man loses and has to give her up?”
Another shrug. “The law comes from a long time ago when things were still pretty archaic. It comes from the whole ‘might is right’ idea where stronger males and females will make stronger offspring. Makes sense if you think about it like that.”
“Riiiiight,” drawled Beth. She sat down across the table with her tea and leveled her chocolate eyes on Felicity. “So you really like him, don’t you?”
Felicity looked up at the ceiling feeling that heavy weight in her chest grow. “I do. There’s just something about him. He makes me feel...he makes me feel special. It’s like there’s something between us. He can’t take his eyes off me. He didn’t even look at Julianna the same way and she’s a knockout. Seriously, however gorgeous she is in V-Society she’s a hundred times more beautiful in person. So unfair...”
“What are you gonna do about it?” Beth said gently.
“What can I do but ignore it? Make sure he knows I’m off limits. I mean he’s getting mated in a month and I’m planning it for him. I can’t be having an affair with him.”
“Do you think he’ll agree to stay away from you?” Beth sipped at her steaming tea.
“Hell no,” Felicity snorted. “He isn’t the type. I’ll have to figure something out. It’s like the second he touches me I just...melt.”
Beth blew out a dreamy sigh. “That’s how I feel listening to Lucas Blackmoore sing.”
At the mention of Lucas Blackmoore, Felicity shot up, darted across the house to her bedroom in a blur, and then returned to the kitchen table with a huge grin on her face. Beth did a double take.
“I hate when you move so fast. You know I can’t see it.”
“I got a surprise for you. That’s why I called you here.”
Instead of looking excited Beth’s face shut down growing wary. “What is it?” Beth hated surprises. All the more reason Felicity loved to surprise her.
“I met someone yesterday,” Felicity said in a sing-song voice.
Beth tensed. “Who?”
Felicity leaned down and said in a loud whisper, “Lucas Blackmoore.”
Beth shot up from her seat, the chair wobbled back, nearly falling over. Her bad leg wobbled but she righted it, breathing hard. A strange look came over her face part-excitement, part-terrified. Weird.
“What happened?” Beth said. 
“Oh, he’s just a great guy. He’s nice, funny, seriously good looking. Oh, and I told him about how you like his music.”
Felicity had never seen Beth blush, but now she did. Even with her dark skin she could see it darken from caramel to mocha. “You did not.”
Felicity froze. Beth didn’t sound excited in the least. She almost sounded devastated.
“Are you okay?”
Beth blinked then nodded quickly, but Felicity watched her swallow hard.
“Honey, what’s wrong? You can tell me. You know you can trust me.”
Beth grabbed onto the chair in front of her, digging her fingers into the wood until her knuckles flexed. “I really like his music.”
Felicity blinked. “Yes, which is why I thought you’d be excited that I got—”
“No, I really like his music. And him. I dream about him.”
“What?” Felicity’s eyebrows rose straight to her hairline. “Like a sexy fantasy thing? I mean he is freakishly hot. The goatee thing, I can dig it.”
“No.” She jerked her head hard. “Almost every night. We’re together. Sometimes it’s sex, sometimes it’s more. But we’re always together.”
“Oh, well I’m sure it’ll go away.” She tried for encouragement because this was a little strange.
Beth laughed, the sound hollow with something close to pain. “I’ve been having these dreams for two years.”
Felicity jerked. “Two years you’ve dreamed of him? Every night?” 
Beth nodded slowly, almost painfully as if this was the most embarrassing secret to reveal ever. Felicity could see why now.
“Well that’s...pretty intense.”
Beth continued to nod, her eyes wide. “I go to all of his shows. It kills my budget but even if it means I have to work overtime, I make every concert. Any of his local shows I can get into I do. I always sit in the back.” Her hands squeezed the chair so hard it was a wonder it didn’t snap. “I swear it’s shameful how much I like it. I sit in the back by myself losing myself in his words...his voice.” Beth’s voice took a hypnotic quality as she spoke about him.
Unease filled Felicity but she lifted the envelope the messenger brought her with the two tickets in it. “Well, he gave me two tickets to see his band play tonight at the Coyote Theater. I don’t suppose you wanna go?”
Beth blinked slowly. “I couldn’t get tickets to that show. Sold out within the first day and the tickets were fifty dollars more than usual and that was for back row seats. You have tickets to see Lucas Blackmoore tonight?” She repeated it slower as if trying to comprehend them.
“Yes.”
Suddenly the tickets were snatched from her hands. 
Beth squealed—actually squealed like a sixteen-year-old girl whose parents just bought her a car.
“Row one seats ‘g’ and ‘h’.”
“Yeah,” Felicity said not sure why that sounded so important to Beth. Seats were seats.
Beth let go of the chair to squeeze Felicity’s shoulders in an iron grip. “That’s the first row in the theater and seats ‘g’ and ‘h’ are in the middle. As in he’ll be right in front of us!”
Felicity grinned. “Then it looks like we need to get ready.”
Beth’s eyes turned frantic as she looked down at herself. Of course she looked hot as always in her designer skinny jeans that showed off her powerful thighs and ass to perfection and her sexy tan leather boots that went up to her calf. She had a white blouse with a tan leather jacket on over that and gold hoop earring dangling from her ears. She looked gorgeous as always.
“I have to go home and get dressed!”
“Honey, you look pretty amazing from where I’m standing.”
Beth shook her head fiercely. “Get dressed quickly. We’re heading to my place. I will not be late.” Her voice turned into military commands, delivering rapid commands.
Felicity checked the time. “We have plenty of time, no need to rush.”
Beth’s wild eyes met hers. “I always get there early.”
“O-kay.” 
Felicity dressed in a pair of rugged looking jeans. They were her favorite pair because they fit like a sexy glove. She blow-dried her hair so the curls spiraled some more and then she powered on some mascara, eyeliners, and blush—her typical routine. By the time she pulled on a short-sleeved black t-shirt and grabbed her jacket, Beth was waiting at the front door tapping her foot.
“Honey, I don’t see why we have to go to your place. You still look better than I do and I just got ready.”
“I always dress my best for LBB and tonight will not be any different. Not when I’ll be in the front row.”
Felicity sighed and then piled into Beth’s much nicer car. 
Beth rented a condo on the outskirts of downtown where newer developments were being built over the broken down, boarded up buildings. It cost a pretty penny but came fully furnished which was something Beth had desperately wanted after leaving the military. After she’d come home, her previous boyfriend had taken all of their furniture so it was either buy all new or buy fully-furnished. She chose the latter.
As Felicity took a seat on her friend’s brown suede sofa, she heard a familiar ring.
Beth headed towards the bedroom already kicking off her boots and flinging her leather jacket to the ground. “I’ll be quick.”
Felicity checked the time then shouted, “You better hurry. We only have an hour and a half.”
Beth gave a panicked squeal, and then turned on a radio. The sound of Lucas Blackmoore’s voice came loud and clear through the condo. The man had a seriously sexy voice. He had the versatility of Jim Morrison and the seductiveness of Chris Isaak. 
Again that high-pitch ring sounded. 
Then it hit her. Her cell phone.
Felicity dug in her purse and pulled out the old thing. Her eyes widened as she saw indeed someone was calling her. Funny thing though, she might have been paid yesterday but she hadn’t paid the bill to get her phone turned back on yet. The only reason she kept it on her was so to check the time. Felicity wasn’t much of a watch wearing kind of girl. She didn’t like things slinking around on her wrists.
The number on the screen didn’t look familiar but she pressed the button to take the call and answered.
“Hello?”
A moment passed, then, “Felicity.”
Goose bumps beaded over her skin. A fluttery breath escaped her as her body responded to that voice. Her eyes closed and a vision of Dominic Blackmoore sitting down with his jacket spread open, eyes blazing with anger and something hot staring straight into her, came to mind.
“How…” she coughed to clear her dry throat, “How did you get this number?”
“I had your service turned back on. Getting your number was easy. My brother works in protective services. Getting a phone number is hardly challenging for him.
Felicity straightened. “How can you just pay my bill?” God that made her feel low. For him to know she was more than two months behind on her phone bill. Shame burned her cheeks.
His voice turned brusque. “You work for me now. I need to be able to get into contact with you anytime I need to. So I had your phone turned back on.” He paused, then cursed. “Is that my brother singing in the background?”
Felicity peered into Beth’s bedroom but Beth was oblivious to the strange phone calling happening right now.
“Yes it is.”
A hard pause. She could feel the tension in him growing. “I expect to see you at my office tonight at midnight.”
She sputtered even as her heart raced at the thought of seeing him again...in his office. Why did that sound sexy? “What for?”
“To begin work,” he said. “You did get paid did you not?”
“You know I did.”
“Then it’s time to start working. I’m sure you know there is much to go over. The avenue where we will hold the ceremony, your account for purchases, designs, and so on. I expect to start tonight.”
God, she just knew working with him, possibly alone, would be a very bad thing.
“I’m sorry I can’t do it tonight. I’m going to a concert.”
She heard him shift. “Luc,” was all he said.
Felicity’s breath caught at that one word. He expressed so much in that one word. Jealousy, anger, frustration. All in a word, and it made her feel good. He thought she was into his brother and that made him mad. What was her reaction to that news—a big smile.
“I’m taking my friend to his concert tonight downtown.”
Beth came out of the bedroom looking incredible in an off-the-shoulder dress that fell to mid-thigh. It had a yellow and white flower pattern that showed off her caramel coloring to perfection. She’d added a little more makeup, a necklace with a gold drop pendant, and a pair of yellow, tall heels. Yup, only she could actually manage to look better than she had before.
“After the concert I expect to see you in my office. Do you know where it is?”
“What? No,” Felicity said distractedly. Beth eyed her with a grin as she mimed using the phone with her hand and pressed it to her head. Is that him, she mouthed. Felicity nodded, trying to stifle a laugh.
“Then I’ll have my driver pick you up. His name is Anton. Expect him at midnight.”
“What, no, listen I’m not riding with him just give me the address and—”
Click.
Felicity’s draw dropped. “He hung up on me!”
Beth grabbed her purse, flinging her long hair over a shoulder. “You’ll just have to make him pay for that.”
Felicity tried not to smile but she couldn’t contain. “I guess I will.”
 
Chapter 7
 
It didn’t take long for things to go wrong. They didn’t just go a little wrong, they went weird wrong. All of this happened within thirty minutes of the concert starting.  Of course the night couldn’t have gone naturally. Nothing had been right since she met Dominic Blackmoore.
Hell, it wasn’t weird so much as bat-shit crazy.
Things like this did not happen. They certainly didn’t happen to Felicity Shaw. A lowly vampire whose mother who didn’t talk to her anymore, whose father she never knew, and whose best friend was human. And yet, even being ordinary enough to lie on her résumé to get a job—which she’d read online that almost everyone did—she had never seen anything so crazy in all her life as she did once the concert started. Not once her in one hundred and eighteen vampire years. Judging by Beth’s astonished expression, neither did she.
It had everything to do with Lucas Blackmoore.
The night started normal enough. Beth and Felicity arrived at the theater. Beth bought a cheap glass of wine from a vendor then an old woman showed them to their row using a small flashlight to indicate their seats. By the time the curtain went up and the lights dimmed for the show, not a seat stood empty.  Felicity’s ears already hurt from all the screaming.
The Lucas Blackmoore Band consisted of a bassist, lead electric played by Lucas himself, a rhythm guitarist, and a drummer. They were all good looking in their own rights but Lucas sold the show. The fact that he seemed to be the real deal with talent to boot only made him more of an icon. Or so Beth had explained to her.
Announcers introduced the band over the speakers and then Lucas strolled out from behind a golden curtain grinning a grin that made the audience scream like sixteen-year-old girls at a Justin Bieber concert. He wore low-slung, thread-barren jeans with patches around the knees and a vintage rock t-shirt with his band’s name on it. He headed to the microphone. His hand curled around the it and just like that his grin died. His eyes flashed for a second charging with an amber glow which usually only happened when a vampire was aroused or really angry. Or when they were feeling any emotion supercharged. 
 Vampires didn’t exactly go around flashing their strangeness. Most of them preferred not to reveal their nature except to trusted friends or loved ones. Some were a bit more flamboyant with it and even used it to get famous. Right now in front of a massive screaming crowd for all to see Lucas Blackmoore just revealed his true nature to those who hadn’t known. To those who already knew, well, he just gave them a flash at his true nature.
And the women went wild. 
Of course. 
Felicity almost rolled her eyes.
The crowd ran out of their seats, some trying to charge onto the stage. The screams nearly tore off the roof. Surely people all the way across the city could hear the noise level. Security guards poured down the stairs on either side of the stage to keep back them back. 
“Is it always like this?” Felicity asked Beth.
Beth grinned, her eyes alight with excitement. “Sometimes, but that’s usually after he starts singing. Did you see his eyes flash like that? I’ve never see that before.”
“Yeah, I saw it.” Felicity didn’t grin back. Disquiet sat in her stomach like a lead weight.
As the rest of the band sauntered on stage behind Lucas, Beth stiffened in her seat. Her hands clasped onto Felicity’s and shook her, hard.
“What is it?”
Felicity took in Beth’s frozen stare and followed it up to Lucas Blackmoore. That look on his face reminded her of Dominic. The look held a mixture of hunger, anger, and frustration. It was Dom’s look. The hungry one that said he had already stripped her naked with his eyes and now counted the many different ways he could fuck her. Lucas Blackmoore had that same look trained right on Beth, glowing amber eyes and all.
“Um, Beth, is this normal?”
Her chest rose and fell rapidly. “He’s looking at me.”
“That he is. I take it this isn’t normal.”
Lucas blinked and then, slowly, as if he didn’t want to, he tore his gaze away from Beth. Even after their set started—a husky melody with a jump-up-and down beat--Beth still didn’t release her white-knuckled grip on Felicity.
“Honey, you can let me go now.”
Beth’s hand started trembling. Felicity turned to her in the dark, crowded room. Everyone was standing, jumping and singing with gleeful faces, but now that the music had started the crowd had calmed some. They knew all the words to his songs. They stood swaying, hands raised in the air like they were praying to God and sang along. Everyone did this except for Felicity and Beth.
Beth looked at her and the look in her eyes reminded her of that desperate, scared look from earlier.
“I can’t do this,” she said, her voice a dry whisper.
“What do you mean? It’s just a concert.” Except not even she believed that after seeing Lucas in full-on vampire mode staring at Beth. His strange response went beyond an odd reaction for a vampire to have to someone. He was older too, so there was no reason he should not have been able to control any emotions he’d been feeling. 
Beth shook her head looking about to have a panic attack. “I have to get out of here!” Frantic, Beth snatched her purse then raced down the aisle, shoving past dancing bodies in her wake.
Felicity sat there stunned for a long moment, trying to comprehend Beth’s reaction. But what happened next knocked her from baffled straight into what-the-fuckery.
Lucas stopped singing.
In the middle of the song with his band still playing the notes, he just stopped singing.
What. The. Fuck.
The crowd stopped singing along with him. The band members looked at one another with the same confused glances not sure whether to continue playing or not.
All the while, Lucas’ gaze stayed locked on Beth’s retreating back.
The room grew hushed, confused. 
Then the microphone hit the ground. The cacophony bang made everyone wince. Lucas leapt off the stage landing in a crouch. His eyes glowed amber and then he was gone in a blur, the door to the theater swinging in his wake. 
Felicity stared at the swinging door for a frozen second before racing after them. Felicity pushed her way through the bodies of wild fans and pulled her cellphone out as she burst through the front of the theater. She searched up and down the streets for any sign of Beth or Luc. Nope. No sign of either of them. She inhaled trying to catch Beth’s perfume but she got nothing.
Felicity did something she hadn’t thought she’d have to do. She phoned Dominic. 
He answered on the second ring. “Felicity.” He sounded a little surprised and very pleased. God, she liked that.
“There’s a problem. I think Lucas just ran off with my friend Beth.”
She could hear him tense. “I’ll be right there.”
“What? No—” 
Click.
Felicity ground her jaw. He’d hung up on her twice. Not cool. As she waited outside of the theater where irate fans bitched and moaned as they filed out of the theater, she dialed Beth’s cell every other minute. Beth didn’t answer so she left voicemails instead, each one getting angrier and angrier.
She didn’t wait long. Not even twenty minutes passed before a sleek black BMW pulled up. Traffic from the concert kept the curb gridlocked. The BMW stopped in the middle of the street without care. The second they stopped the back door flung open and Dominic Blackmoore knifed his tall body out of the car. His brows were drawn low, his lips flat, and eyes spitting mad.
He looked hot as hell.
Well he did until he latched on to her arm and pulled her caveman-style to the car. Felicity dug her feet in but in her leather boots with the tall heel that didn’t work too well.
“Hey, excuse me! Let me go!” She put her strength into it and pulled but he didn’t budge. He shoved her into the car and she quickly scooted over before he sat on her. 
Breathing hard she glared at him and hissed, “What is the matter with you?”
“Drive,” he ordered.
A man in the front seat nodded then pulled away. They moved slowly with the traffic and Felicity saw red. No one had ever grabbed her like that, pulled her around like some...some child. She also wasn’t one to keep her mouth shut.
She cut her eyes to him. “If you ever touch me like that again—” She didn’t get to finish.
One second she’d been about to rail into him and the next he had his arm around her waist, her body pulled into his lap, and his lips almost touching hers. Her breath caught, hands curled into his suit jacket right at his shoulders. They were touching. Chest to chest, lips so close she’d barely have to move to feel his lips again. Her body tingled; warmth blossomed inside her. 
His eyes grew heavy with the look. Like he wanted her right here, right now. Only her, forever.
She could have swooned. His arm tightened around her waist, bringing her closer to him. She smelled the leather of the seats and him. All him. Suddenly, she remembered the taste of his blood. That one little drop she tasted that almost made her come.
“Let me go,” she said weakly. She did not want him to let her go. She wanted him to press them even closer and put his mouth on hers. Hell she was already panting. He spread her thighs across one of his muscled ones. It took all her willpower not to push against his thigh and get some kind of relief.
His brows relaxed, the corner of a lip turned up, and the look still blazed in his eyes as he wrapped a finger around one of her curls. “I like this on you.”
“Like what?”
Do try not to sound so breathless, she scolded herself.
His eyes traced over her hair then down her shirt and jeans. “You, like this. You don’t need some pretty dress to make me want you. I just do.”
Her heart melted, but with it came the bitter reminder—Julianna. 
“Dominic—”
“I want you to call me Dom,” he said, his voice dark and low.
She looked up at the ceiling of the car. Dom, she liked that. A lot. “Dom, we can’t do this...”
His hand flatted on her lower back, fingers spreading wide and shooting sparks of heat throughout her body. She wanted that hand lower, on her body, skin to skin, between her legs, making her sweat and pant until she screamed.
He cupped her cheek, the pad of his thumb rubbing at her bottom lip. Something in his eyes darkened, and then he pushed his thumb past her lips until it met her tongue. She couldn’t keep herself in check. He presented her with too much temptation. She swiped her tongue against him, closing her lips around him in a wet vise.
A look of supreme satisfaction beamed in his eyes. Then he hooked his hand in her hair and tried to pull her mouth down to his. She struggled, pushing back against the hand. She tried to think of Julianna and that fact that in a matter of four weeks he’d be bonded to another. 
His eyes flickered with amusement before he exerted just a tad more pressure and then their lips met. 
Melting...she was melting. Her thoughts faded, her body took over.
His lips were firm and clever. He nipped at her, spread her lips wide with his tongue, then stroked inside her mouth. She quivered until her toes curled in her boots.
“Dom,” she breathed.
He groaned. The hand in her hair tightened and he crushed her mouth against his. He devoured her, sucking her tongue and taking her body to a place that ran on sensations only he produced. Nothing had ever felt like this, had ever been like this until Dom. He made her feel like this—reckless, wild, beyond sense. She wanted to lose herself in him, to explore every inch of him.
He rocked the thigh between her legs rubbing her needy core in a teasing caress. Felicity broke away on a moan and threw herself back onto her side of the car.
Dom breathed in long pulls, his eyes glittering with lust, their aroused scents permeating the air. “Come back here,” he growled.
She shook her head.
His eyes narrowed.
Then the car pulled to a stop and the driver announced, “We’ve arrived.”
Dom glared at her as if she’d orchestrated the driver’s timeliness. Then he knifed out of the car. A second later her door flung open and he grabbed her hand, once again pulling her along like an irate child.
She pulled on her hand and when he showed no signs of slowing down, she dug her nails into his hand. He glanced at her sharply, then flicked an annoyed gaze at their hands before shaking his head.
“Seriously, we need to talk. Something strange happened to my friend.”
“Quiet!” Another order. 
He pulled her into an elevator inside his big office building. In sharp tall letters the floor said Blackmoore Enterprises. He’d brought her to his office. Not the one in his home. Her stomach didn’t like this and it rolled with trepidation. 
As soon as the elevator doors dinged closed, she got in his face.
“Who the hell do you think you are?” she hissed. Okay, she wasn’t quite in his face seeing as she was too short but she neared his chin in these boots.
His eyes brightened actually freaking brightened with the amber glow of vampire. It made her stomach flip-flop and she hated that too.
“I’m a Blackmoore, Felicity. I get what I want.”
“What does that have to do with this? Your brother did something to my friend and I called you for a little help.”
If he were a cockier man he might have shrugged and grinned at her, but not Dom. No, instead he gave her the look while both arms wrapped around her body, pulling her into him. God she wished it didn’t feel good.
“About that, we need to talk in private about the situation with Luc so I brought you here. I also wanted to kiss you in the car, so I did that. Basically, I get what I want.” His eyes flipped away then came back to hers. “Usually.”
“Now what does that mean?”
She wanted to smack herself in the forehead. She should not be getting to know Dom Blackmoore. She should not be taking an interest in him, and she should really not like the way he made her feel all warm, safe, and beautiful when he held her.
He smiled down at her. A smile filled with mysteries. The elevator doors binged open. “Come.”
He took her hand and led her down a series of hallways. They turned left then right then right again and left finally. She tried to keep track of it all but all the walls were white, the carpet never changed and nothing adorned any of the walls. It was the least decorated building office she’d ever seen.
Then they came upon two very stylish doors. They were arched, black and had a gold colored lever on each door. The doors didn’t need a name on it to know that someone distinguished used the room behind it. Anyone could figure that out just by looking at it.
Pulling a key from his pants pocket, he opened the door then led her inside. 
The room struck her, rooting her in place. Dom even stopped walking and simply held her hand as she looked around.
His office was completely unexpected. After seeing the mere size of the building, then the ominous black doors, to come in and see...a rather normal looking office didn’t fit. It looked like someone gave a designer the wrong room to design. This did not look like an office for a distinguished, possible president of the immortal council; it looked more like something she’d have in her own house.
“Is this like a fake office?”
He peered at her, confused before looking around the room as if trying to figure out why she’d say such a thing. “What do you mean?”
“Is there like a secret door behind one of the bookshelves that leads to your real office?”
He smiled, the look transforming his face into something that should be painted. 
“No, I assure you this is my real office. What did you expect?”
Felicity tried tugging her hand out of his but he didn’t release her. Pretending she wasn’t having a tug-o-war match over her hand she said, “I guess something more lavish like your home.”
Dom’s office was very much just a large, albeit nice, office. Two windows, tinted and covered with blinds and heavy dark drapes stood behind a large wooden desk. The kind of desk that had to was built in this office because no one could carry that beast through the halls. Two black leather chairs faced the desk. A leather sofa rested against a wall, wooden bookshelves stood against another, and a bathroom adjoined the left wall next to a small bar below which, she recognized, had a blood warming oven. 
“I’m sorry it doesn’t impress you. Perhaps after this endeavor I can hire you to redecorate it.”
Her eyes shot to his. “Oh, no. It’s perfect really,” she said a little too fast.
He took a step towards her. “Does the idea of seeing me not please you, Felicity Shaw?”
She gulped at the dangerous look in his eyes. He wasn’t giving her the look now. He was just plain pissed off.
“Listen, why don’t we talk about why I called?”
His lip curled with sarcasm. “Yes, why don’t we.” He took a seat on the corner of his desk, crossed his arms and watched her. “What happened at the concert?”
“Is your brother crazy?”
“Of my brothers, I’d say Luc is the least crazy, why?”
Felicity cocked her head as she tried to figure out the best way to explain this. “See, the concert started and he came out, right.” She waited for him to say something but he just blinked at her. God he had nice eyes. “Well, he came out then his eyes started to glow.” Still he blinked. “The crowd was screaming and going crazy and all the while he had his eyes locked on Beth. Now Beth’s a hardcore fan of LBB. She goes to most of his concerts, listens to his music everywhere, and all that. But when he looked at her he got all weird.”
A pause. “Weird how?”
“Well, his eyes started glowing, then she got uncomfortable. She is mortal and aside from a few occasions where I’ve been royally pissed off enough for my eyes to glow I don’t think she’s ever seen that.” She paused to give him room to speak, but he didn’t. Felicity sighed, frustrated, and then took a seat on the leather sofa against the wall—the one furthest from him. 
“Then what happened?” 
“He started singing a song, but halfway through it Beth just bugged out. She started getting all frantic and weird. The whole thing was weird. My girl is always calm and collected, but she looked shaken up. Then she ran out of the theater.”
Dom stood then walked across the room to her. Felicity quickly looked at the space next to her and knew he was going to sit there. Thinking quickly, she stood just as he neared. His lip curled at her. A small smile that gentled his face.
“Running from me?”
Yes. “No.”
Maybe she should have stayed sitting. Now they stood only a few feet apart and she knew how talented he was at pulling her close in a flash. 
“Finish your story.” His voice sounded darker but maybe her ears were playing tricks on her. “How do you know he wasn’t looking at something else? His concerts always sell out. It could have been anyone.”
“Maybe that would be true if after he saw her leave the theater, he didn’t drop his microphone in the middle of the song, leap off the stage, and run after her.”
Dom’s smile fell flat, and then in the next second he was at his phone on the desk. 
“Vas, no, listen to me.” He paused and Felicity watched as his shoulders tightened, his eyes flashed with anger at the poor soul on the other end of the line. “It’s about, Luc. Whatever you have doing or whoever you’re doing can fucking wait.” Her eyebrows rose high. She’d never heard him curse.
Quit acting like you know him, Felicity.
“Luc took off with a human tonight in the middle of a concert. I need you to get Grayson and find her. Find them both.” He paused and let out a long breath. “I don’t care what the fuck you’re doing right now. This is a family matter. Just fuckin’ do it, Vas.” He slammed the phone down making Felicity nearly jump out of her skin.
The air in the room was so thick she could cut it.
He was breathing hard, leaning over his desk as if the weight of the world had sunk his shoulders low. Felicity crossed the room before she could stop herself. She couldn’t help it. She wanted to help. Somehow this situation felt like it was her fault and seeing the strong and powerful Dom look fatigued didn’t sit well with her. She wanted to do whatever it took to make him feel better—it was like a craving inside her screaming at her to do it. What the heck was wrong with her? She barely knew him. Heck she knew more about how he kissed than anything else. She should not be doing this.
But I can’t stop myself.
She stopped beside him, her hand held tentatively above his back, trembling. Taking a deep breath, she let it out slowly and touched his back. She could feel his tremendous heat through his jacket. If they were skin to skin, he might burn her. Wanting to calm him down, she tried talking. Talking could usually calm her down. Of course if the conversation went in the wrong direction then she could also end up even more pissed than when she started. 
“Who’s Vas?” She kept things light and simple.
“My brother.”
Well didn’t that just peak her interest. “I didn’t know you had another brother.”
He smiled a cruel smile as he turned to look at her. “My father loved my mother just not enough to keep from fucking other women. Vasilius is only a year younger than me. He and Luc are almost the same age. Grayson was born a month after me. All different mothers.”
Felicity winced.  That meant that he’d impregnated the mothers all near the same time.
“My father loved his dalliances. He said it kept him alive. Obviously that didn’t work out.”
She sucked in a breath at that. His father had only died a mere two months ago and he spoke so bitterly about it. Felicity wondered what his relationship was like with his father. From what she’d read in V-Society, she’d always assumed it was pretty standard. A political businessman who raised son that would take his place when he died. The Blackmoores always seemed professional and content. Obviously, dark waters lingered under that bridge. 
Felicity struggled to find something to say. She realized her hand was still on his back when he stiffened, his body slowly curling to a stand before her. Breathing became a challenge. She could smell his pleasant, male scent. Could hear his steady breathing. 
“I want you, Felicity.”
Gulp.
The air in the room suddenly grew hot as a sauna. “I should really be going.” Her voice croaked. Yet, she didn’t try to move. His eyes had captured hers and like a deer in the headlights, she stood and waited for him to make his move.
“I don’t think you want to go. I think you want to stay here with me.” Slowly, he moved in closer to her, pushing her thighs back against the lip of his desk. His grabbed the desk on either side of her waist, trapping her. “You feel it as much as I do. Maybe even more.” He tipped his head down near her neck. She stiffened waiting for the touch, but it never came. Waves of heat thrummed through her starting in her core and shooting outward. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
His eyes flew up to hers, darkening with anger. “Don’t lie to me, Felicity. Don’t ever lie to me.”
She quivered, this time with a lick of fear. “Okay,” she said softly.
His eyes turned hungry again with that look and his eyes hooded as they trailed down over her breasts to the tops of her jeans as if he was picturing pulling open the button and tugging down her zipper right now.
Or maybe that was her own fantasy she was picturing.
God, why was it so hot in here? A bead of sweat pulled at the nape of her neck and slid down the curve of her spine.
“I’m going to tell you something and I want you to listen closely, you hear me?”
Felicity only nodded as he leaned in closer. His hand came up to fist her hair. God she loved it when he did that. He tugged enough to make her breath hitch and her pulse race. Such a dominant gesture. All he’d have to do was yank her head to the side and he could sink his fangs into her neck.
At the thought a soft, moan escaped her.
His nostrils flared then he dug his hips into her. The steel erection pulsed against her a threat of what she could have. Leaning in, he pressed his lips to the corner of her mouth then slowly dragged them across her cheek towards her ear in a barely there touch that still managed to torture her.
At her ear, his voice dipped to a whisper. “I’m going to get inside of you. I haven’t had a woman in a long time and the next time I come, it’ll be inside you with you wrapped around my cock like a fist, Felicity.”
Oh god. 
“Why me?” 
She was Felicity Shaw. She was a dammed nobody who had to lie to get a job.
He laughed savagely and his hips pumped against hers in a rocking motion created to make her eyes roll into the back of her head. When he spoke his voice was so low it vibrated along her nerve endings. “Because from the moment I saw you, I knew. I knew you were perfect for me. Everything about you drew me to you like a moth to light. I’m going to have you Felicity. Many, many times. I want you on your knees so I can watch your sweet ass as I pound into you. I want you to ride me so I can see your tits jiggling in my face, and I want you on your back so I can claim you like I’ve wanted to from the moment I saw you. I want your pussy. I want your mouth, Felicity. And I’m going to have it.”
Felicity couldn’t breathe. Couldn’t even think.
Ho-ly. Shit. 
He wanted that from her and he meant it. He’d meant every single word of it. Just his words made her ache, made her body melt into his touch and her eyes darken with need. What would happen if he actually touched her? She might actually explode if he touched her right now.
“And before you leave this office I’m going to give you two choices. You can give me some of what I want right now or you can let me keep touching you.” The hand in her hair kept hold of her while the other moved to grip her hip in a possessive touch. His thumb rubbed up and down along the skin of her hipbone.
Her head fell to the side, breaths escaping in ragged gasps. His eyes flashed and then he groaned deep in his chest as his fingers deftly opened the top button of her jeans.  
She couldn’t even hear the hiss of the zipper over her loud breaths.
The man wasted no time.
“Fuck, I can’t wait to touch you. You’re going to be perfect. I know it.” She shivered from head to toe in anticipation. His fingers flattened against her stomach then slowly slid down. He found the material of her panties and slipped under the material. His fingers curled in her thatch of hair. 
Breathing heavy, he sucked at the skin of her neck. The action pulled her already tender nipples into throbbing, aching points. Like a bow she arched her back for him, needing more.
“Dom,” she said, breathless.
Her thighs parted for him, giving him more room to put his big hand in her tight jeans. His tongue licked at her, sucked at her as his fingers so slowly slid across her wet flesh to cup her.
A hard shiver raced down her spine. He cupped her like a man claiming his possession. A man who was saying this is mine.
And she fucking loved it. Every single fiery second of it.
Sharp fangs grazed her neck and she mewled. “Please,” she begged. 
Hot breaths panted against her neck. “What do you want?”
He knew. He knew she wanted him to bite her, to take from her in such an intimate way. The bite of blood from one vampire to another was considered almost as intimate as sex. And she wanted him to so badly she quaked for it.
His fingers petted her. “Tell me what you want, sweets.” 
He wanted her to ask him for it. She released her death grip on the desk to wrap her hands around his shoulders, holding on to him for dear life. “I can’t.”
He buried his face in her neck, groaning as his fingers parted her wet lips, found her slick bead and circled it. He knew exactly how to touch her. Exactly what to do to make her come apart, and she did right there in his arms.
Hands curling into his jacket, she screamed his name as hard shivers raced through her and liquid heat burst inside her. Dom worked her faster, prolonging the peak, and then slowing her down with nothing but his fingertips.
“Fucking drenched my fingers,” he said with pride. He breathed as if he too had just come. His tongue licked up her neck again, and then he crushed her lips with a kiss.
He didn’t stop touching her. His slick fingers roamed her folds, grazed her sensitive bud, and then as he filled her mouth with his tongue, his fingers thrust inside her.
He swallowed her needy moan. That’s what she needed. To be filled. He pumped his fingers inside her. She’d never felt so possessed.
She was in his clutches, literally. His hand still holding her head where he wanted it, and now his fingers rocking inside of her mimicking what she knew he’d give her if she only asked. 
The monotone beep, beep, beep at his desk brought her back to the real world. 
Dom tugged on her hair until her foggy eyes met his. Then he kissed her hard and leaned over her to pick the phone. He answered with his fingers still pumping inside her. 
“Dominic,” he answered. His voice hoarse.
His fingers worked her faster making her breath catch and her hands curl into his jacket. 
He watched her. Watched the pleasure drench her features with the look of a starving wolf.
“Yeah, good,” he said to the caller.
Did the caller not hear how different his voice sounded? How laced with passion it was?
“Make sure she gets home all right? Yeah, I’ll take care of it.”
Fingers pumped, filled, curled. It’d been so long since someone touched her like that. She couldn’t keep it from coming. She’d sooner be able to keep the sun from rising than stem the explosion about to happen. 
A slow eruption took place in her body. 
Dom slammed the phone back in the cradle just as it took place. His fingers moved harder, faster. His eyes raked over her face with the hungriest look she’d ever seen and then he kissed her. His tongue filled her mouth as pleasure so intense it bordered on pain ripped through her, stealing her breath and making her dizzy. She came apart in his arms a shuddering, trembling mess. His lips caught her cries, swallowed them.
Two orgasms. He’d given her two orgasms with just his hand.
Slowly, he broke the kiss but his lips kept returning to hers as if he didn’t want it to stop kissing her. Or maybe it was her fault because each time he lifted his head, she found his lips again, tasting and kissing him with her hand buried in his soft hair.
“Dom, this is dangerous.”
“Tell me what I have to do to get inside you and I’ll do it. Name it. Anything.”
Her heart constricted. “I—you’re getting bonded to Julianna Greenwich.”
His jaw clenched, eyes turned flat. “And?”
Just like that she felt cold. Awkwardly she pulled her hands out of his hair. “And I don’t mess around with non-single men.”
“I can’t give you that. I need her.”
She winced. Why did those words feel like a blow straight to the heart?
“Yes, well, I’m not going to be a home wrecker. You can’t touch me anymore. We need to keep our distance.”
He turned his head away. Anger bounced off him in waves. Their arousal still saturated the air around them with that mouth-watering scent.
“She means nothing to me. I only met her for the first time the night I met you.”
“Yes, but she’s still going to be the one you’re bonded to a month from now.” Not me. 
His dark eyes came back to hers. “I can’t change this. I’m running for the presidency. I need her to get my nomination. We can’t lose the seat to the Weres. The alpha, Zeke Hunt, is gunning for it. I need all the political power I can get. Julianna’s father packs a lot of votes under his belt, ones I need.”
“I’m sorry.” Why did her heart feel like it was breaking? “I can’t see you anymore.”
She pushed against his shoulders and he moved back so she could head for the door. As she turned the door handle, he spoke.
“I’ll take you home.”
She squeezed her eyes shut. “I really don’t think that’s a good idea.”
She could already hear his steps coming up behind her. “That was Vas on the phone. He found them. Beth’s fine. He’s taking her home.”
Felicity spun around. “What happened? Where was she?”
He opened the door, tagged her hand once again then dragged her back to the car. This time she didn’t fight him. All the fight had left her back in his office.
To the driver he said, “412 Spruce Avenue.”
Felicity lifted a brow at him. “How do you know my address?”
He gazed outside.
“I asked you a question. And tell me what happened to Beth.”
“I’m not sure yet.”
“What do you mean you’re not sure? Where was she found and what did your brother do to her?”
Finally he looked at her. Only when she breathed a sigh of relief did she realize she had been waiting for him to look at her again. She didn’t like it when he wasn’t. God, she was so screwed.
“Vas found them at Luc’s place. Said Luc was getting heavy with her. Vas grabbed Beth and took her home.”
Felicity dug her phone out of her book to check for messages. Beth hadn’t even called her back. What the hell?
“What does ‘getting heavy’ mean exactly?” She stiffened thinking of pounding fists and blood. It wasn’t a pleasant picture.
His eyes darkened into the look as he raked his eyes over her breasts then lingered between her legs. She pressed her thighs together to keep from squirming. 
“What do you think it means, Felicity? We just shared a taste of it in my office.”
She swallowed hard and turned away.
The night had started strange, but before she knew it, Dominic Blackmoore had his hand in her pants, and she’d come twice. Lucas Blackmoore had supposedly gotten heavy with Beth. Really nothing could have surprised her. 
Oh, how wrong she was.
 
Chapter 8
 
He could still smell her luscious scent on his hand. Fuck, he wanted to suck his fingers clean.
Screw it. He did.
Even as Felicity’s eyes flared at him from the seat next to him, he watched arousal grow in her eyes. She was such a perfect woman for him. She liked what he just did, and judging by the flash of hunger in her eyes it turned her on too. 
One hell of a woman. 
A woman he wanted in his bed. Not just for one night but every night so that he could learn every inch of her body. Learn what she liked and how she liked it. Until he knew everything about her. 
Everyone had their limits. It looked like he’d have to find Felicity’s. He understood her trepidation, really. But Julianna was nothing to him. A political pawn. That’s all. He and Felicity had something unique. Something he couldn’t remember ever feeling. He’d been crazy for Helena, but that happened ages ago. He’d grown since then, hardened. What he and Felicity had between them was different from what he felt about Helena. What they shared made him feel urgency and raw hunger.
It wouldn’t be easy but he’d find a way to convince Felicity. He would have to tread carefully. If he started flinging around the word mistress, she might never forgive him. He grinned. He hadn’t had this much fun in a long time. Hell, maybe in forever. Felicity was a treat he planned to slowly unwrap and savor.
“So your brother stole my best friend, took her back to his place and was making out with her?”
Dom shrugged. “I don’t know how or what happened exactly.”
“You said they were ‘getting heavy’. Your words not mine.” She glared at him as her patience waned. 
He glanced at her before resuming his perusal of this part of the city. He didn’t come south very often—at all. He found himself curious, very much so, to see where she lived. He also planned to find a way into her house tonight. Strange but he wanted to see where and how she lived. Had she decorated her house with her own personal flare? He could see her living in such style. He’d seen her portfolio with her work; she was quite good.
“I was merely relaying what Vas told me,” he said. 
His lips twitched with a grimace as they pulled into a poor looking neighborhood. Buildings had boarded up windows sprayed with neon graffiti; cars were low-end and looked like they didn’t run. One even had a missing tire. In the distance sirens blared. A tall man standing at the corner of the block under a broken street light glanced their way, pocketed something in his hoodie, and then ducked his head and kept walking.
Dom ground his jaw. “You live around here?”
It took her moment to answer. “Yes.”
She answered so quietly, almost shyly, that he looked over at her. She had her arms crossed and anger written across her face. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” she said.
His own anger surged. She would not ignore him. Something was wrong and he’d be damned if she’d disobeyed him.
He opened his mouth to speak, then slammed it shut. He heard it first, caught the roar of a car engine. Dom’s eyes swung left as they came up at an intersection. 
The car was already barreling straight for them. This car wasn’t a dump. This one had an engine and nothing he could do or say could stop the impending crash. Dom had little time to react. 
He flung himself over Felicity, wrapping his body around hers just as the car slammed right where he’d been. 
Horns blared. An ear-piercing crunch of metal slammed again his eardrums. Their car jerked then lurched across the pavement in a head-whipping spin. The putrid odor of smoke and rubber tires filled his nostrils. He glanced and saw his driver, a human servant, crushed beneath the front end of the car that hit them. They stopped moving just as quickly.
Felicity shook beneath him like a twig. He didn’t waste any time. Someone just made an attempt on his life. That thought wasn’t even what made him fling their car door open, shove her out and he next as he rounded the cars to the passenger seat of the car that had hit them. That car that had intentionally hit them. It’d been waiting. That meant someone was watching him and Felicity. Someone knew he was coming this way within the last hour and had planned this on short notice.
Someone wanted him dead.
None of that mattered.
What made him tear off the driver’s side door one-handed, pull out the were who was slumped dazed over the steering wheel and pound his fist repeatedly into it was the fact that Felicity had been in the car.
Someone had almost hurt Felicity.
Dom didn’t just see red, he breathed it. 
If someone would have asked him in that moment if he’d ever been angrier he would have said no. He’d never felt this heart-pounding fear before for another person’s life. Now that he had he knew he could never forget it. Never forget the intense, gripping fear that she might have gotten hurt because of him.
The son of a bitch he held by the collar was going to pay.
“Dom, stop it! Let him go! What the hell are you doing?” said Felicity. She came up beside him, frantically running her hands through her hair.
Crunch. Snap. Plsssht.
His knuckles didn’t even hurt even as the were’s face didn’t look like a face anymore. He had to punish him. Make him go away. He tried to hurt Felicity. He wanted to kill her. 
“STOP IT!” she screamed.
Dazed, Dom turned to meet her wild eyes. His fist opened and the were dropped to the ground. The bastard wasn’t dead...yet.
Pulling out his phone, he dialed his brother. “Grayson, I need you at...” he spotted the address of the intersection and relayed it. “Make it fast. There’s been an attempt. Yeah, yeah, I think so too.”
He snapped the phone shut then pulled Felicity along. “Which one’s your house?”
She was breathing hard, only a few seconds away from panicking. “What?” Even as he steered her away from the wreckage, her head turned back to look at it.
He jerked on her arm, pulling her into his body and forcing her to look up at him. “I asked you where you live.”
She pointed a shaking finger down the block. Dom didn’t bother trying to walk her there. He just bent down, grabbed her, and lifted her up into his arms. She gasped as her arms went around his neck and a blush crept over her cheeks.
“What are you doing?” 
“What does it look like I’m doing? I’m taking you home.”
“We were just in a wreck! We have to go back. Why were you beating the hell out of that man?”
Anger rose hot and swift inside him. “That wasn’t a man. It was a were, and he’d been waiting for us which means we were being watched earlier. This was a setup. Now if you don’t mind, I’d like to get us both out of the open.” He started running. Weres could run just as fast but it’d still be better than idly strolling down a public street. 
“There, that’s my house.” She pointed to a small brick home, probably a rental. It was quaint, and not good enough for her.
He took her keys, opened the door, and shoved them both inside before locking it tight. “Stay here,” he ordered, and then set off to go through her house.
He used all of his senses to catch anything off.
“What are you looking for?” she asked, sounding peeved.
“Making sure no one’s in your house.”
Bathroom, clear. Living room, clear. Bedroom...smells just like her. Great, now he was hard. All rooms clear. He came back to her. She had a raised eyebrow, a cocked hip, and a taunting look on her face. 
He wanted to kiss it right off her but now wasn’t the right time.
“My brother will be here soon.”
“Good then he can explain about Beth.”
Dom shook his head. “Not that brother, my brother Grayson.”
Both of her delicate little eyebrows rose. “Well, you have too many brothers.”
A smile curled at his lips. “Couldn’t agree more.”
“So, Grayson’s from...a different mother?” she asked hesitantly.
Dom’s smile was tight. “Yeah, he runs a protection service.”
“As in bodyguards?”
“Exactly but he doesn’t work with humans. His service caters to Weres and vampires. It’s a niche market but one that’s quite profitable.”
He liked this, he thought. Just talking to her in her own home. A home much, much more plain than he’d anticipated. In fact, her couch was thread-barren and cheap. Her kitchen table served as her dining room table since her house was a one-bedroom one bath. The wood chairs at the table were scratched and beat up. The board to one of the chair legs hung off, broken. 
He had the need, right this very second, to get her the hell out of his dump and buy her a new house. 
She caught his gaze and he quickly schooled his expression. Too late, her face paled and she took a step back. She looked almost in pain.
“I don’t want you here.”
“Why?” Need roared inside him to go to her, to pull her into his arms and never let her go. He couldn’t though. 
She threw her arms out with a disgusted laugh. “Because this is how poor I am. This is how I live. Maybe now you’ll stop touching me.”
Hearing the pain in her voice made his chest squeeze tight. “What are you talking about?” He didn’t want to stop touching her, he wanted to buy her a new a fucking house. That’s all. Maybe a car too and anything else she could want. A small island, no problem.
“You and me, we don’t mix. Two completely different species of people.”
“We’re both vampires, Felicity.”
She glared at him. “You know what I mean. They take pictures of your family for magazines. I have to feed off a friend when I’m out of blood.”
She’d gone hungry before. The pain in his chest twisted until it became difficult to breathe. He vowed then she would never go hungry again.
“Felicity...”
She held out her hand. “Don’t, just don’t. I’m fine. I’ll earn my own way. I work hard and I’ll earn my keep. But this,” she said waving her hand to indicate her home, “is the difference between your opulent home and my shitty house in the city. Okay?”
“As if I care—”
Her eyes flashed, nostrils flared. “Don’t you dare lie and say you don’t care. I saw the way you looked at my house. It may not be much but it’s mine! I worked for every little piece of furniture I own. It’s mine! And I won’t have you sully it with your high-brow bullshit.”
Dom cooled his expression as he took her in.
She was quite livid.
And it only made her more beautiful.
In that very moment with her cheeks flushed, eyes glowing in anger, and her hair standing out, he wanted to shove her right up against the wall and fuck the living daylights out of her until she was screaming his name like she’d been born to do it.
Only after they each came and she grew weak in his arms would he take her into her small bedroom and fuck her six ways from Sunday until their scents embedded her sheets like perfume. 
However...he didn’t think she’d consent to any of that right now. Women, they were tricky business. A man had to step carefully lest he find himself in a pit of despair, longing after the one he wants and getting nothing but scorn in return.
What was it about her that drove him so crazy? He’d never had such a wild and instantaneous reaction to a woman before. 
Dom’s phone beeped in his pocket. He had it pressed to his ear in the next second. “Yeah? Right. Coming.”
Dom hung up, never taking his eyes away from her. “You need to pack.”
She her shoulders stiffened. “Why?”
“Because you’re coming to stay with me.”
She laughed, took a step back. “I don’t think so.”
Dom turned the handle of the front door. “You don’t have a choice. They know where you live and they know I’ve been with you. You’re a target now. Get packed.” With that, he left. Grayson was inspecting the car crash and unconscious were on the pavement when he got there.
Grayson looked bad. Well, he always looked bad but today he looked worse than normal. Dom pitied the man. He’d mated a fine woman many years ago, but as time went on and they lost not one but two children to miscarriages, his wife had taken to drink. And drink she did, lots of it until she was shaking, slurring, and unable to stand up right. Grayson had been living with it for years. He’d tried everything from forcing her into rehabs, tying her up to keep her away from the booze, everything he could think of. But she’d weasel out of it someway and always returned to the drink. She needed it now more than him. Grayson was miserable but he loved her. He wouldn’t let her go.
Dom loved his brother and loved Gray’s bond mate, Anita, but he didn’t envy the man. Not one bit. 
Gray looked over the scene with a grim eye. “You figure it was Zeke?”
“Yeah.”
“He’s pulling out the big guns now.”
“It would seem so.”
Gray got on his phone and made a call. “I’ll get this taken care of. It looks like you’re in need of some protection.” At that Gray leveled the closest thing to a smile he managed these days.
“It would seem so. I need you to set me up.” Dom looked down the street. “And Felicity Shaw too. I want her protected at all times.”
Gray’s brow furrowed. “Who’s she?”
“She’s mine.”
Gray nodded. “The separation from Helena is final then?”
“Yeah, thank god. Can’t tell you how good it feels to be free from her clutches.”
Gray’s eyes clouded and Dom wanted to curse himself. He shouldn’t have said anything. He knew that a part of Gray, one he wouldn’t admit to, craved being free from his bruid as well. He’d never admit it, not that Dom could blame him. He still loved his mate dearly.
“I’m supposed to bond with Julianna Greenwich next month.”
Gray nodded slowly. “Mother told me. Then Luc told me. Then Vas. I’ve heard.”
Gray’s humor was still there even if he didn’t crack a grin. “Yeah, well, she isn’t the one I want.”
The Were on the ground start stirring. Gray walked over and kicked him hard in the head sending him back into unconsciousness. “Why do you need her then?”
“Zeke’s gunning for the presidency. I need every advantage to get the seat and keep it. Julianna is a perfect piece.”
Gray shook his head. “But you don’t care about her.”
“No.” The thought of Julianna did nothing for him...but the thought of Felicity...that made his blood boil.
“You should choose one and run with it.”
Dom narrowed his eyes on his brother. “I could never win the race with a low-blood beside me. No one ever has.”
Gray shrugged. “No one’s ever tried either.”
“For that very reason,” Dom said.
Grayson looked him in the eyes and shook his head. “I’ll never understand that. Anita’s everything to me. Even if she’s...” his voice fell away. “I could never have another woman on the side like that. I don’t know how you’d that.”
“I won’t touch Julianna.”
Gray made a sound close to a laugh. “You’ll have to after the blood bonding.”
Dom stiffened. He hadn’t thought of it. After the blood bonding ceremony, newly made mates shared their blood and sex. The thought did nothing for his cock and actually sent a wave of panic through him.
“I don’t want to touch her.”
Gray pulled a pack of cigarettes out of his pocket and lit up. Black smoke curled around the red tip as he sucked in tobacco. 
“I know,” said Grayson.
“How would you know that?”
Gray leveled his hard, emotional eyes on him. “Because how you feel about this low-blood is how I felt about Anita.”
Dom left Grayson to fetch Felicity. His mind was in turmoil of thoughts and emotions mostly foreign to him. He needed to win the presidency. He needed that seat in order to keep the majority votes in favor of vampires. If he lost that seat to Zeke then Zeke would go crazy with it. The man wasn’t right in the head. He had a madness to him. He didn’t care for propriety or rules. Tradition wasn’t a word in his vocabulary.
Dom stepped inside Felicity’s house and found her sitting on her couch, legs crossed, a stiff eyebrow raised, and no bags packed. Normally he’d be angry that someone disobeyed him. Instead, he smiled at her and told her he’d pack for her before he went about doing it.
Her squeal of protest only made the next ten minutes all the more fun as he tossed her sexiest panties, negligees, skirts, dresses, tops, and bras into a big suitcase. Only after she growled at him that she needed more than that, did he step away to watch her pack more suitable clothing.
God she was gorgeous when she was angry. Who’d have thought he’d like something like that? When Helena would get mad it’d make him tense because hew knew wherever she’d lead him would be to hell.
Felicity was like a bright light he didn’t want to let go of. 
She finished shoving a bag of toiletries into her suitcase then turned to him crossing her arms. She probably thought she looked fierce. To him, she looked adorable. She leveled him with a hard look he couldn’t take it. He had to move.
He caught her up in his arms and kissed her until her breaths came fast, her hands curled into his jacket and the luscious scent of her arousal started to fill the air. Only then did he pull away.
Her eyes were slow to open, hazy. 
“I’m going to have you, Felicity. I’m going to take care of you and give you everything you deserve. Just say you’ll be with me.”
Wariness crept into her eyes and he wanted to curse or punch a hole through the damn wall. He knew what her answer would be.
“Don’t answer me yet. Think about it. Give me a chance to persuade you.”
She already started shaking her head. 
“Felicity—”
The front door opened and Grayson came in with a few tall men behind him. Some of his bodyguards. “We’re ready to escort you home.”
Dom nodded then leaned down to pressed a soft kiss to her sweet lips. Just as her eyes started to flutter closed, he pulled away. “Think about it.”
He grabbed her suitcase in one hand, her hand in the other. They followed Grayson.
He wouldn’t get her answer for another week.
 
 
Chapter 9
 
Felicity moved into the Blackmoore estate.
Or rather, Dominic moved her into the Blackmoore estate himself. His mother protested then quieted at a few harsh words from Dom. Felicity blushed the whole time and stared daggers at Dom’s back. She did try protesting, but he turned his glare on her and she’d clamped her mouth shut. She wasn’t stupid. If someone wanted to hurt her they could and Dominic had the power to protect her. 
Ian came along and showed her to a wing of the house. Yes, it was actually called the East Wing according to Ian. He set her up in a room worthy of being on MTV Cribs then ducked out of the room. 
Felicity called Beth only to get no answer. Worried, she started biting her lip as she unpacked her suitcase into an empty dresser. She checked out the room and found a lavish four-poster bed with white gauzy curtains hanging from the ends. Two tall windows had that same protective tinting over it, and the room even had an en suite bath that was literally the size of her living room at home. 
This was starting to look like a good idea. The bathtub had jets in it and could easily fit at least three people. There were two sinks, a closet filled with fluffy white towels, and amenities for a man or woman. 
Felicity could easily see herself living here. This kind of home and lifestyle was exactly what she’d always dreamed. If she never made it in the designing business then at least she’d have the memory of this house to remind her that she’d once had it for a little while.
Four days passed and she didn’t see Dom once. This put Felicity in a tough spot seeing as she had a wedding plan. She went on with it even though she had about a thousand questions to ask. Such as where did you want to have the ceremony at? Vampires sometimes chose modern locations, but Felicity had a feeling the Blackmoores would want something old and vampiric. In the meantime, she compiled notes with ideas on fabrics, designs for the centerpieces, goblet choices, and so on.
She kept to her room and the dwindling supply of blood that had been stored in the warming oven before she got there. It felt weird being in someone else’s house, and like a coward, she stayed in her rooms. She didn’t want to go searching around for Dom because she didn’t know what to do if she ran across Julianna who also stayed here. Worse, what if she ran into his mother? No way did she want to have to answer any curious questions about her and Dom. Nope, no way. So she hid like a little coward.
Hiding had its downside, she learned. Being cooped up in the same room for four days made her a bit stir crazy. She’d been steadily working in her shopping list for supplies for the ceremony. The list grew and grew until it covered the paper front and back in two columns. She couldn’t stay in the house any longer. Her work here was done. She needed supplies.
Felicity grabbed her briefcase with her shopping list and set off. She still hadn’t discussed the financial account for the ceremony with Dom because he’d ignored her after he dropped her off, but she had over a hundred grand in her own account to get started. Besides, she needed to buy some blood too.
Felicity opened the bedroom door and peered down the empty hallway. A lavish rug with a dark design of red and gold covered the hallway. It had to be over hundred feet long and cost a fortune. Paintings rested in sturdy frames on the wall and small side tables sat on either side of the hall holding vases and little statues. 
Felicity quietly slipped down the hall then turned at the intersecting hallway and made her way towards the spiral staircase that would led downstairs. As she neared the stairs and passed closed bedroom doors, probably all unoccupied, she heard voices. One in particular sounded like a woman. A very unhappy woman whose voice nearly shook the ceiling from her shouting.
Felicity perked up a bit. The Blackmoores didn’t seem like the yelling type. She moved to the top of the stairs and peered over the railing. The front hallway was empty. The chandelier above lit the area up with bright golden light. The study stood to the right and its door was open, light coming out of it. Seeing no one else around, Felicity made her way down the steps, her curiosity getting the best of her.
“How could you?” the woman seethed. “I gave you everything! If you think you can just—”
“I know I can because I did,” came the sharp reply. Felicity blinked fast at the voice. Dom’s voice, though now he spoke in an impatient growl than with his usual baritone.
“I have rights, dammit! I will not let you cast me aside as if I’m nothing. And who is this woman I’ve been hearing about? So quick to replace me are you?”
“Damn right I am, and she’s none of your concern.”
“It’s Julianna Greenwich. Everyone is talking about your new bruid,” she spat the word out. 
Felicity went down the last of the stairs and slipped across the floor to flatten herself against the wall by the study doors. This had to be his ex, Helena. She shouldn’t listen, but no way was she going to pass up this opportunity. This was the juiciest thing that had happened since Lucas leaped off the stage to chase after Beth.
“I care nothing for Julianna.”
Silence for a moment. “Then it’s someone else?”
Dom didn’t say anything.
“Who is she?”
Felicity tensed. Her entire body froze as she waited for his answer.
“She’s none of your concern. Leave it, Helena.”
“I will not just leave it. You are mine!”
He laughed; it was a cruel, mocking sound. “I haven’t been yours for a long time, and officially I am very much not yours, Helena. Tell me what you want and be gone from my life. I never want to see you again.”
Helena gasped as if he’d struck a blow and Felicity rolled her eyes at the obviously fake sound. “How can you speak to me like that after all this time? After all we’ve been through?”
“Rather easily after all the shit you’ve pulled.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Another scornful laugh. “The men, the jewelry, the clothes, the houses, all of it.”
“Men?” Helena said, a hint of fear in her voice.
“Yes, I know about your affairs, Helena.”
“How?”
He said nothing, and Felicity knew the answer: because he was Dominic Blackmoore and he got whatever he wanted. Information would be easy for him.
“Well then,” she said slowly. 
“Helena, I’m at my wit’s end. You have exactly ten seconds to tell me what you want before I have you thrown out.”
She sobbed. “I love you.”
Felicity’s heart squeezed painfully tight.
Dom laughed. He actually sounded as if he was enjoying himself. “No you don’t. You love my money and power.”
“No, I miss you. I want you back, my love. Please! I need you!”
Felicity heard the jingling of jewelry and the swishing of a dress as Helena moved.
Dom’s hard voice cut. “Don’t ever touch me again.”
“But-but—”
“I loathe you. Any day that I don’t see your face is a pleasant one. You disgust me. You’re a filthy whore and now, thank god, I get to have nothing to do with you.”
Crushing words that felt like blows. Felicity winced and waited, eager to know what Helena would say after such a barb.
“I see.” Helena’s voice had changed. Now it was hard and cold. “This is how it’s going to be then.”
“This is how it’s been for a long time. You were too stupid to notice it.”
“I’ll not be easily put off, Dominic. I’m not a bag of trash you can simply throw away.”
“Do your worst.”
Footsteps sounded, coming closer to the door. Felicity looked around wildly then sped back up to the stairs. She was halfway up when Helena spoke.
“I know her name. Felicity Shaw. Some nobody who’s not worth the pair of shoes I’m wearing. I’d watch her closely if I were you. Sometimes accidents happen.”
A shadow passed over the doorway then the door slammed shut as if something, or someone, had been slammed into it. Felicity ran down a few steps to hear what he was saying, but all she could make out was his low, threatening tone. The door flew open and Dominic held a gorgeous redhead by the back of her neck. She fought in his hold but he didn’t budge. With a toss, he threw her at the front door.
She spun around on him, wobbling in her tall heels. “You’ll regret this.”
Dom looked like a warrior with his broad shoulders, wide stance, and fisted hands. He looked ready to fight and to kill. 
“No, I won’t. But you will, Helena, if you pursue this in any way.”
Suddenly, Felicity found herself the object of Helena’s cold stare. Her ruby red lips pulled into a chilling smile. “Well it looks like your little mouse came out to peek.”
Dom didn’t turn to look at her, but he growled. A low, inhuman sound that made the hair on her arms stand up. Helena felt it too for her eyes flared with fear for a moment. Then she ducked out of the house and slammed the door behind her.
Felicity didn’t know what to do, but she had the distinct feeling that she’d just done something wrong. Quietly, she started moving back up the steps, but she didn’t turn her back on Dom. Maybe if she pretended she hadn’t witnessed such a personal fight then he would too.
Quietly, Dom turned around to face her. Just like that her heart started beating too fast. She was intensely aware of him. She hadn’t seen him in days, and it felt like forever. She’d actually missed him, really. Their little banter together. The way he pursued her did wondrous things for her self-esteem, and plus, she liked him a little. Okay, more than a little.
His green eyes centered with gold landed on hers, and then in a blur of movement he stood in front of her, pushed her back into the railing. He cupped her jaw.
“Felicity...”
“I’m sorry!” she blurted out.
His eyes traced over her face. They turned darker and darker as the look came into them. She trembled. It had been four days since she saw him. The effect of seeing him after so long felt like a punch to the gut that left her winded and a bit dizzy.
“For what?” he asked, his voice rumbling.
“For eavesdropping. I was just going to get some work done and then I heard...I shouldn’t have listened.”
“I’m glad you did.”
A brow arched in surprise. “You are?” 
She could feel his heat. He wore another suit but he’d popped the top few buttons of his shirt to reveal dark skin. She wanted to lean forward and lick the hollow of his throat, over the bones of his collar, nick him with her fangs, and then sink into him.
“That’s my ex. I separated from her before my father grew ill.”
Separation was a hard thing to do and very rare among vampires. One had to petition the council then convince them to vote in one’s favor. The petitioner also had to pay a large sum to the separated party for the rest of his or her days, which could be quite a long time for a vampire. Felicity would bet in this case it would be in the tens of millions for Helena and who knows what kinds of houses, jewelry, and cars she also got in the process.
“She seems like a real bitch.”
His furrowed brow relaxed as his laughter came slow and low. “Yeah, she is.”
“What did she want?”
His thumbs stroked her jaw making her sigh. It felt good to have him back, to feel him touching her again. She’d missed him. God, she was in over her head in trouble with this man.
“To try to taunt me with what I don’t want. She wants me back, but until now I don’t think she’s realized just how much I hate her.”
“Oh.” Felicity touched his stomach. She couldn’t not touch him when he was this close to her. Even as she told herself not to do it, her hands spanned across his waist to his back. The heat of him pressed into her fingertips. It wasn’t enough. She wanted to pull his shirt out of his pants and touch bare, smooth skin. 
He leaned in making her breath catch. His lips traced her ear. “Did you miss me?”
She found she didn’t want to lie to him. “Maybe. Did you miss me?” God, he smelled so good. Breathing became a chore.
His teeth latched onto her earlobe, bit, then disappeared. “I thought of you constantly. I dreamt of you when I slept. Everywhere I went it felt like you were with me.”
He was making her melt. Her hands tightened, crushing their bodies together. He could make her lose her mind, and she loved it.
“Where did you go?” 
He tongued her pulse while one hand squeezed her shoulder before sliding down to cup her backside. He didn’t cup her gently, but squeezed, pulling her into his erection with a groan.
“Business. We’re searching out Zeke for the attempt on our lives. He’s a difficult Were to find. Alpha of the pack makes him the best. If he doesn’t want to be found he won’t be, and his people won’t turn him over. If anyone can find him, it’ll be Grayson.”
“So he’s hiding?”
He lifted her by her backside and the motion pulled her up onto her toes as his cock nudged against her mound.
She couldn’t keep her eyes open, couldn’t breathe. Damn it, she thought and pulled his shirt up to touch the hot, smooth skin at his lower back. He made a gruff sound as he ground his erection into her.
“Not hiding. He isn’t a coward. He’s just crazy. He’s probably out doing something else. He’ll come to us when he’s ready.”
“Oh,” she said on a sigh. “Did you think about me while you were gone?” She didn’t have time to feel mortified that she’d asked that incredibly revealing question because he answered quickly. 
His lips pressed softly against hers. She could feel him smile. “I did.”
“Me too,” she admitted very, very quietly.
His hand stilled on her bottom, his hips stopped its subtle rocking, and then her eyes opened to meet his serious ones.
“What’s here between us is something different. We both know it. I need you, Felicity. I want you so fucking bad I dream about it. Let me have you. Not once. That wouldn’t be nearly enough. I want you in my bed every fucking day, waking up next to me, with me filling you. Just say yes and I’ll make it happen right now.”
In and out, she breathed. Her eyes widened in shock. Worst of all, she wanted that too. To see where they could go and what they could be. She’d bet it’d be something incredible.
None of that could happen though. “You know why I can’t,” she said.
His eyes slashed with anger, brow furrowing hard. “I don’t give a damn about her. I want you. Be my mistress.”
Felicity jerked at his words. She shook this time, in shock. “I will not be someone’s whore, not even yours.”
“It won’t be like that. I don’t want Julianna, in any way. Only you.”
“You can’t really expect me to believe you won’t take Julianna to bed. She’ll be yours to do with what you want. She’s far prettier than I am.” God it hurt to admit that.
“I don’t fucking want her. I want you!” His highly charged words echoed around them.
A soft sound sent both their heads to the top of the staircase.
Felicity cursed. Dom didn’t say anything, didn’t even tense.
Julianna Greenwich stood at the top of the stairs. Her cheeks were red, her eyes wide and stark with pain and other emotion. 
“Julianna,” Dom called.
She turned and ran out of sight.
Felicity stood stock still as Dom kissed her hard, told her to think on it, and then ran after Julianna. That hurt, she thought, rubbing the heavy pain over her heart.
He kissed her then ran off after his bruid. 
Fitting.
Felicity didn’t have to think about it. She calmly went to her room, packed her suitcase, and left out the front door without running into anyone. She didn’t have her car with her but after she got through Dom’s gate, she kept walking. 
She was not a home wrecker. She could not do this if he was going to mate with her. Felicity pulled her cell phone out and called Beth who finally, thank god, decided to answer. Beth had been incognito since the theater scene with Lucas Blackmoore. In fact, even with her stay in at the estate for the last four days she hadn’t seen or heard anything about Lucas either.
Beth came and picked her up several miles from the estate. 
Beth looked tired, her eyes red around the rim, and her forehead creased with lines.
“Hey, honey,” she called as Felicity piled her and her suitcase into the car.
“Hey, back. What the hell’s been going on with you? Ignoring my phone calls, running out of an LBB concert like the building caught fire, and then not returning my calls. You have some serious explaining to do.”
Beth looked contrite as she pulled away from the curb. Felicity watched the gate of Blackmoore manor recede in the side mirror. No Dom running after her like some kind of white knight. She was done for real. She’d return the money he gave her and find a different job, because what she felt for him right now was bordering beyond some petty feelings. And that only spelled trouble for the both of them.
“I’m not ready to talk about it.”
Felicity’s jaw dropped. “You cannot be serious. We talk about everything. You really cannot think to leave me out of this juicy gossip, Beth.” Felicity turned in her seat to level a narrowed gaze on Beth.
Beth’s eyes darted to her, spotted the look, and then she bit her lip. “I just...I’m still processing it.”
“It’s been four days! How long do you need to process?” 
Beth laughed. “Longer than that apparently.”
Felicity crossed her arms. “Then it better be worth the wait.”
Beth breathed out a fluttery sigh. “Oh, it will be.”
“Tease,” muttered Felicity.
Laughing, Beth reached and flipped on the radio. Her CD player turned on surrounding them with Lucas Blackmoore’s deep tenor singing about the power of a warrior, strength through resilience, and some other nonsense. 
Felicity heard the ringtone of her cellphone go off over the music. That was one of the little vampire perks that came with being supernatural. She pulled the phone out and didn’t have to wonder. She knew who it was.
“Want me to turn the music down?” Beth said.
Felicity shook her head no then answered the phone. She’d be able to hear fine, and a part of her grinned at the idea of Dom hearing his brother singing around her. It’s the least he deserved for kissing her then running after Julianna. God that hurt.
Dom began with, “Where the hell are you?” 
She trembled, her eyes closing. He sounded hot when he was angry. God, she wished she didn’t think that. “I’m going...home.” She hesitated to tell him, but she found it difficult to lie to him.
He paused for a moment. “Why?”
Felicity looked out at the deep night with the yellow streetlights beaming past as they drove. “I told you why. I can’t do this. I don’t even know you.”
“I’ll remedy that. Come back to the house now.”
“No.”
“Then I’m coming to you.”
“No!” she said much firmer. 
She could almost hear him grinding his teeth. “If I want to come get you there’s nothing you can do can stop me.”
“Yeah, that’s part of the problem.” A hard, heavy knot grew in her chest like a blooming flower. One that made it hurt to breathe.
“I don’t understand.”
“My opinion needs to matter to you, Dom.”
Another pause then, “It does.”
“It doesn’t if you come after me, if you keep ignoring my wishes. That’s no way to win me.” Oh hell what was she doing now? 
Was she seriously trying to coach him on how to win her? Bad Felicity!
His voice lowered to a deep tremble. “What do I need to do?”
She could almost feel him giving her the look through the phone. “You know.”
“I am sending some of Grayson’s men to guard you. They will be in your house, outside of your house, and anywhere you go at all times.”
Felicity ignored the pang in her chest. Of course he wouldn’t acknowledge what she just said. That’d mean he’d have to abandon a tradition hundred’s of years old if he didn’t bond with Julianna.
“Fine.”
“Felicity—”
She didn’t want to hear anything else he said. He’d done enough. So she hung up on him and shoved the phone back into her purse. When it started beeping again a few moments later, she didn’t answer.
Beth gave her a worried glance. “Everything okay?”
“Nope.”
“Wanna talk about it?”
“Not unless you wanna talk about what happened with Lucas Blackmoore.”
“Nope,” Beth said.
“Okay then.”
 
 
Chapter 10
 
Dom needed to find Zeke. After the attempt on his and Felicity’s lives, the alpha could not stand any longer. 
The Were Zeke lived with his pack in a town outside of Nixa in southwestern Missouri. He owned the huge chunk of land, the largest out of all the Were alphas in the country. His land extended from southwestern Missouri down into northern Arkansas and across to Oklahoma, and even included a portion of the southern tip of Kansas. 
Zeke had built a nice little army to protect it too. The men and women of his little coalition were trained well from all the intel Dom had gathered on him. Zeke was a smart man, but a crazy one. He killed his own father to claim the Alpha position, widowing his own mother. He’d yet to take his own woman but his intel suggested it was his top priority. Some rumors even said that not having his mate and being alive for so long when most Weres had already found their mate was part of the madness. He craved his mate, he yearned to find her, and as a Were he’d stop at nothing until he did. 
That’s why Zeke wants the presidency. With two Weres already on the council, his third vote would pass the new nonsense he’d been spouting. As of right now, the Weres had a strict law about mating rituals. Zeke wanted his population to grow to be even bigger than it already was. To do that he wants to bring forth a new law that will make males seek out their mates and claim them no matter which pack they came from. 
Most Weres do this naturally on their own, but Zeke wanted to push against nature’s work. Possibly out of his own frustration from not finding his mate. If Zeke did win the presidency and get a law like this passed it would spell trouble for all Weres. Weres from different packs were highly territorial by nature. Under Zeke’s law any man, alpha or not, could enter another pack’s territory on the claim of finding his mate. He could technically bed as many as possible under the premise. Packs were very territorial about their own, maybe more so than over their land. There would be bloodshed between packs. Dom couldn’t let this happen.
The Were had finally gotten a hold of Dom to come and meet with him. So here Dom was in southern Missouri on the border of Arkansas in one Zeke’s camps. Dom brought Grayson and his men as guards, a simple formality. Zeke’s men—four tall, strong looking bastards stood outside his tent.
Yes, the great alpha, the mad Were leader, lived out of a damned tent. He had money, Dom was sure of it. He could order his pack to build him a damn castle and they’d do it like perfect little slaves. Instead he lived in a large nomadic tent big enough to fit a queen-style bed and maybe a wash basin and some small furniture. Some Weres preferred to live in tents, but for an Alpha to do it was rather odd. They lived above the standard as proof of their difference. Not Zeke. The mad Were.
A tanned arm reached out from within the tent and pulled back the folds as Zeke strode out. He had sandy hair cut raggedly about his face and ears and worn longer in the back to his neck. The haircut made him look menacing with how it slung across his eyes to hide them. Not that he needed the haircut to get that wild look. His light blue always looked on edge like an animal that might strike out at any moment. You never knew what the alpha might do.
Water slid in rivulets down the Weres torso wetting the khaki shorts he wore. The man didn’t look like he’d just gotten out of the shower so much as if he’d tossed a bucket of water tossed over himself.
Zeke stepped in front of his guards and they tensed. He should always stay behind them. They were there for his protection after all, and they couldn’t do their job if he placed himself between them and Dom. 
Dom smiled. He appreciated Zeke’s confidence. It showed that he didn’t think of Dom as a threat. Good, he wanted the alpha relaxed for when Grayson and his team made their attack. Zeke stopped close then shook his head like a dog. Water flung from his body and slapped across Dom’s suit like the spray from a sprinkler. 
Slowly, Dom gazed down at the specks of water over his thousand-dollar suit and bit his tongue. He didn’t miss the gleam in Zeke’s eye. He’d done it on purpose.
“Good to see you still have the animals of a rabid mutt, Zeke.”
The alpha grinned, his wild eyes beginning to glow blue. The glowing eyes were another reason the alpha was so strange. Weres could control the urges to shift, to fuck, and to fight with age. An alpha could especially do this. Except for Zeke...the man’s beast always seemed to lurk at the edge as if he might shift and start biting off heads at any moment.
“You know why I came,” Dom said.
Zeke’s eyes grew unfocused and faraway. This lasted for more than two minutes before he blinked fast, twice. He shook his head again sending more water flying around him. “What’d you say?”
Dom prided himself on keeping his anger in check. When you dealt in politics, you couldn’t let emotions get the best of you. “A Were attacked me. A Were you sent endangered an innocent in the process, not to mention it killed my driver.”
Zeke didn’t fidget. “Yeah.”
Dom’s fangs elongated in his mouth, an old sign even he couldn’t always hide when anger gripped him. With effort, he forced them back because he wouldn’t be fighting tonight. “Did you call the attack on me?”
“Yeah,” Zeke said. He ran a hand through his shaggy hair pulling it back from his face but it only fell forward again.
“You admit to making an attempt on my life?”
Zeke rolled his neck in a circle as a growl rumbled out of his throat, like an animal. “I didn’t attempt anything. I don’t attempt anything. When I want something done I do it. If I’d have been there then you wouldn’t be standing here right now.”
Dom’s fangs knifed down so hard his gums throbbed. Old, buried instincts rushed forth taunting him to fight the Were, to see who’d come out, and to drink the alpha dry. He couldn’t do any of those things though. So he took a deep breath and let it out, and made sure his hands weren’t balled. Show no emotion and give nothing away. He learned that about politics from his father many years ago.
“There was a woman with me when the attempt was made. I’ll not have her drawn into this.”
Zeke’s head twitched like a dog that had something in his ear. He started pacing in agitated steps back and forth. “The woman...what was her name?”
Dom only lifted a brow. He wasn’t giving him anything on Felicity, not even the color of her hair.
Zeke waved his hand impatiently at his guards then one of them spoke up. “Felicity Shaw. A vampire hired by the Blackmoores to plan the mating ceremony that’s taking place in one month’s time between Dominic Blackmoore and one Julianna Greenwich.”
Zeke pulled his arms above his head as he walked, arching in a stretch. “Ah, yes. Well there you have it, Dom.”
Dom growled low under his breath. Too late did he realize what a mistake he just made. Zeke froze at the sound, turned to watch Dom with shrewd eyes.
“She means something to you.”
Fuck. Zeke might be mad but he wasn’t stupid. 
“I want her. That’s all, and I won’t be able to do that if your idiot flunkies kill her when they’re trying to kill me.”
Zeke’s bright, glowing eyes met his. They wobbled as if his eyes couldn’t quite lock on anything steadily for longer than a second. “Liar,” he said softly.
“Leave the assassination attempts out of this, Zeke. Let’s run our campaigns the old-fashioned way, shall we? Let’s let the people decide.”
Zeke grinned, a knowing little smile. “You know a Were has never won presidency of the council.”
“And?” 
“This year is a year for change.” Zeke stepped forward, stopping a foot away from Dom. Dom’s entire body tightened with the urge to push back, to fight. “Your father’s dead. You’ve left your mate. You’re mating to another, and in the meantime you have a young vampire keeping your bed warm and your dick wet.”
Dom froze for only a quarter of a second before Zeke’s words registered. If he’d said such a thing about Julianna he wouldn’t have given a shit. If he’d said anything like that about Helena he would have laughed for even when they were together, she’d stopped doing either of those things. But Felicity...he spoke those crass, vulgar words about his woman like that. The woman he planned to make his. Dom couldn’t let that happen.
Dom attacked.
Zeke welcomed it as if he’d been waiting for it.
Asshole probably had too.
Dom landed a punch to the stomach, taking Zeke to the ground in a spine-cracking blow. He didn’t waste any time. He buried his fangs in the Weres throat gulping down mouthfuls of blood like it poured out of a spout. Blood loss was the best way to fight a Were. They were strong and fast, but couldn’t function so well without their blood. Of course, the same could be said about him.
Zeke laughed. A fist curled into Dom’s hair and jerked. Pain flair as his hair pulled, strands snapped. He soared back from the throw, flying through the air. His back cracked against a fully-grown Catalpa tree. It groaned as he hit it, shuddered. Wood cracked as it doubled in half and fell to the earth with a heavy sigh.
Zeke took off on a sprint, transforming in the process. Muscle contorted, hair thickened, lengthened, and grew into fur. His heavy animal body nearly plowed into him, but Dom flashed behind the Were at the last second. He jumped on the mighty Were and sent them both rolling to the ground. Rocks jabbed into his back. Mud splattered across his clothes and face. The wolf growled low in his throat.
Dom reached up, grabbed the snarling wolf by the side of its head, and held on. Thick, coarse fur filled his hands. It became a power of wills and strength as Zeke pushed forward. His muzzle had elongated into a snout, sharp, big teeth snapped in Dom’s face trying to reach his throat. The damn Were would tear it out if given the chance. Dom’s arm shook as all of his concentration went to keeping the beast’s head from his throat. The alpha was renowned for his kills. He’d literally bitten off both vampire and Weres heads before, effectively ending their lives. 
They might have stayed like that for hours until one finally bested the other, if not for Grayson. 
Grayson stepped forward looking even more haggard than usual. “We get it; you both have big fucking dicks. Now put them away so I can get home to my bruid.”
Slowly, the heavy-ass Were on top of him transformed back into a man. A naked man who’s hand and legs pinned Dom’s. Dom still held Zeke’s head in his hands. The man’s short beard chafed his palms.
Zeke bent his head, getting in Dom’s face then growled. “Back up, vampire, before I eat you.”
Dom understood it. The man was an alpha and Dom was in his territory at his home. No way would Zeke back away, but Dom wouldn’t let the man slide on his slight against Felicity. 
Dom tightened his grip on the Weres face, letting him know he could snap his neck if he wanted to. “Don’t talk about Felicity Shaw if you want to keep living.”
Zeke’s eyes wobbled left and right unsteadily, and then he snapped his teeth in Dom’s face, his hot breath panting on his cheek. “Move!”
Dom rolled out from underneath the Were then stood in a smooth move. “No more attempts on my life or you’re going to find out just how many people I know, some who think Weres are little more than big dogs. You leave me alone and you and yours won’t get to meet them.”
“Don’t threaten me, Dominic. You’d never get passed my people. We’re better than you.” The Were paced naked and agitated, his fists curling then uncurling. His athletic body was coated in a sheen of sweat and splattered with mud and grass stains.
“I will win the presidency, Zeke. You would do well to remember that. It’d bode well for you to have me as a friend on the council; not as an enemy.”
Zeke snapped his teeth at Dom. “If you win.” He flashed a smile. “I have a feeling you won’t.”
Zeke’s smile made Dom tense. That was a knowing smile.
Fuck. Zeke had done something or he knew something. Something that Dom didn’t know.
“Leave her out of this. Women have no part in this.”
Zeke’s crazy eyes glowed brighter. “Women have everything to do with this. Now get off my land, vampire.”
Dom licked his lips. “Thanks for the snack.”
The alpha growled deep and loud in his throat. His guards tensed but Dom gave a mock bow and left with his team.
In Grayson’s SUV, they headed for home.
“The bastard’s crazy as they come. Capable of doing anything to win,” Gray said.
“Yeah,” Dom said distractedly. “He’s up to something. I need you to find out what it is. He’s got an ace up his sleeve or something he believes is an ace.”
“That man’s a whack job. I’ll stay on top of it.”
“He made an attempt on my life. Felicity was with me,” Dom said as an afterthought.
Deep lines ran across Grayson’s forehead as he grimaced. “She growing on you?”
“Fast and hard.”
Grayson sighed. “You need to decide, Dom. I already looked into her. She isn’t the type to play mistress to you.”
Dom rubbed the stubble on chin as he gazed out into the dark night. “Do you think it’s possible I could win the election without Julianna?”
Grayson sucked in a deep breath. “You’re seriously considering this?”
“Just considering all my possibilities.”
“It’s never been done,” Grayson said.
“It’s never been tried either,” amended Dom.
“I think it’s possible, but what the fuck do I know. I’m not in to politics, man. As long as she has her own campaign to back on. Something that the women vampires can believe in and go for. Her coming from a poor life might work to make people like her.”
“And if it doesn’t then I lose and Zeke wins.”
Dom hated little else more than losing. He always found a way to win everything he wanted.
“Fuck, I hate this. I want her, Gray. I can’t stop thinking about her.”
Grayson’s dark eyes grew shadowed. Damn, Dom hated seeing that look his eyes. His brother’s mate was a mess. His bruid was an alcoholic. She drank as if it was her full-time job. It hurt Dom to see his brother troubled but he knew there was nothing he could do. The struggled rested between Grayson and Anita.
“Take her and get it out of your system,” Grayson said.
Dom winced at the thought. It wasn’t like that. He wanted to know more about her. He wanted to get to know her. What he wanted was more than just feeling her naked body against his, though he wanted that and would get it, soon. She seemed to have as much resistance to him as he did her. With luck on his side, the least he could do would get her in his bed.
“What if I take her and it doesn’t get her out of my system?” he asked softly.
Gray sighed, lit up a cigarette. He rolled down the window so the smoke flew out it in a stream. Dom caught the scent of poppy. Damn, it hurt knowing his brother had to lace his own hand-rolled cigarettes with that shit. It was the only way to help him get relaxed.
“Then you need to figure out what you want more. Her or the presidency.”
Dominic stared out the window lost in the thought. He wanted both. And he’d get both if it was the last thing he did.
“How is Anita doing?” Dom hated to ask. 
His brother never wanted to talk about it. Dom hated that his brother had to gruel the burden alone. It’s how Gray preferred it. Said in the past that he didn’t want Dom and the rest of the family tied up in their problems. Dom finally left them to it after a while. Didn’t mean guilt didn’t eat at him over it though. Not when he wanted to help. But what help was there to a drunk who didn’t want to be fixed?
Gray’s frown had become permanent some time during the past ten years. After the second miscarriage, Anita had taken a turn for the worse. Dom couldn’t really blame her, and he didn’t think Gray could either. That’s why he didn’t push her to stop as much as he could. They were both clouded in guilt and pain. 
Gray took a long pull on his cigarette. The red glow lit his lined face and stubble jaw making him look like an old cowboy sitting in front of a campfire about to tell a story.
“She’s the same. Or worse. Fuck, I don’t know. It’s one nightmare after the next.” He rubbed a hand across the back of his neck.
“Can I do anything?” Dom already knew the answer but asked anyway.
“No. Not a fuckin’ thing. Yesterday...” he coughed over the smoke, his voice turning raspy, “yesterday I came home to find her butt-ass naked on the living room floor and some vamp fucking her.”
Dom stiffened. Anita’s usual antics were comprised of vomiting, shaking, and falling over, needing to be carried everywhere, slurring, and sometimes hitting those around her if she had the energy. He’d never heard of this. She’d cheat on Grayson after all this time?
Gray caught Dom’s look and shook his head. “Don’t worry it’s not the first time. This was just the first time she had passed out during and he kept going.”
Dom started to speak but Gray held his hand out.
“I took care of it.”
“And the vampire doing it?”
Gray flicked his butt out the window and lit another one, the scent of poppy filling the car with its sweetness. “Don’t worry about it. I took care of it,” he said gruffly.
Dom bet he did. The man knew how to protect for a living but he also knew how to take life.
Grayson used to love Anita with an intensity that anyone who wasn’t blind could see. They fought sure, but they loved each other too much to let the fights bridge them apart. Then came the miscarriage. It had been hard, a brutal slice of pain that went through the whole family. But they had survived it, all of them. Anita had even started to smile again; her laughter came back after a few months. Then she’d gotten pregnant again and miscarried for the second time. That’s when she took to drink. Grayson’s life hadn’t been the same since. 
The problem was Grayson blamed himself for her miscarriages. He still loved his bruid. He couldn’t let her go. He had tried to get her help, but she wouldn’t take it. Grayson was stuck between a shitty rock and another shitty rock. He’d live with her in this misery until the day he died. And there was nothing Dom could do about it.
 
 
 
Chapter 11
 
Felicity had been fast asleep before she felt the bed dip. Now, she popped one eye open, gasped, then scrambled to sit up. Didn’t move fast enough though. Dominic smiled down at her in the dark, captured her flying wrists and pinned them to the bed above her head.
“Hello, Felicity,” he said deep and low. His voice flowed over her like a gentle caress. He leaned into her and she bucked her hips at him to try to throw him off. He only smiled broader.
“What are you doing in my house?” She looked over her shoulder to try to peer into the hallway but he’d closed the door. And, she peered closer, locked it. “I am not giving it up to you,” she said, one haughty brow raising.
One corner of his mouth stayed locked into a smile as he laid his very heavy body atop hers, nearly crushing her with his delicious weight. “Give what up?”
“It.”
He gave her the look and she cursed. Of course he wouldn’t make it easy. “I am not sleeping with you.” 
“Good because I don’t want to sleep right now. We’ll sleep later.” With a nudge of his knee, her legs spread open. With his other knee he did the same until her legs were spread and his hips pressed into her core. She gasped. The long, hard line of his erect cock pressed against her. An answered flood of wetness formed where he touched her.
His lips came down moving fast and she barely ducked her head to the side. Seriously, this was starting to piss her off. It might piss her off more if she didn’t really want to taste him again.
“How’s Julianna?”
He lips touched her cheek and stilled. “What?”
“Last I saw you ran off after her.” Leaving me behind, chilled and pissed off with arousal for you.
He lifted up enough to glare her. “I want nothing to do with her.”
“Then don’t mate with her.”
Fuck! Had she really just said that?
His eyes narrowed. Yes, apparently she did.
His eyes started to glow and she shivered. He was losing control of himself. “You know I can’t do that.”
Yeah, she knew it. He was important and she wasn’t. She was nobody. He needed rich blue blood that everyone recognized running alongside him, not a woman who lied on her application to get a job. A woman who had an eighty-dollar couch in her living room.
“Get off of me.” Her voice broke on that one declaration.
His eyes flared, but he moved off her. She didn’t waste any time and ran to the door. Without a sound, he crashed into her back, curving his incredible heat around her, and stilling her hand on the doorknob.
“Don’t leave. I just got back.” His voice sounded ragged, deep with emotion. It made her heart twist like a knife in her chest. He turned her around. Only then did she catch sight of the bruises and cuts across his face.
“What happened to you?”
He shook his head. “Nothing.”
She reached up before she thought twice about it, her hands cupping his cheeks where dark bruises had formed over his eyes. His nose had a bloodied cut near it, and his top lip had split open. The wounds would heal fast depending on how long ago he got them but still it made her ache to see him hurt. 
Felicity sighed. “Come here.” She grabbed his hand and led him into her bathroom. She didn’t have a fancy en suite bath. Hers was halfway down her small hallway and only one person could go in at a time. She made him go in first then pushed him down on the toilet.
His eyes caught his reflection and two dark, arched eyebrows rose. “I didn’t know that bastard left any damage. I should have hit him harder,” he muttered under his breath.
Felicity moistened a washcloth under the faucet with warm water then set about getting the dried blood off his face. God, he had such a good-looking face. All hard angles, a wide forehead, a strong nose, and lips meant to be kissed...and bitten. Warmth flowed through her and she forced it down lest he smell her arousal. That just wouldn’t do. The man would have her down on the floor in no time, she just knew it.
“Who did this?”
He peered at her, his eyes heavy, hungry. That look pulled her lower body tight. “The alpha, Zeke.”
“I’ve heard of him. They say he’s mad in his head. Not right.”
“He is.” 
Felicity took her time cleaning his face. She was close to him. He’d spread his knees but she didn’t stand quite in between them, just near. They were almost like a couple, almost.
“Why’d he hit you?”
“I hit him first.”
A smile tugged at her lips. “You hit the mad Were? Maybe you’re the crazy one, Dom.” She rinsed the cloth under water then set back to work. His face was clean but she didn’t want this to end so soon.
Apparently neither did he because his hands caught her hips. The jersey pajama bottoms were no protection against the heat of his hands. She could feel it like a blast of heat from a furnace. His thumbs rubbed along her hipbone in slow, taunting circles that pulled liquid heat from between her legs.
“He said the wrong thing. That’s all.”
“What did he say?” She rubbed the cloth across his forehead then down over the stumble along his jaw. The man always had a perfectly shaven jaw but he must have had a busy day. The black stubble growing in on his cheeks made his naturally scowling face look positively sexy.
“Nothing.”
She raised an eyebrow at that. Finally, she’d cleaned his whole face and didn’t have a reason to tarry any longer. She stepped back and he let his hands fall. 
I will not be disappointed.
She rinsed the cloth then dropped it in the hamper. 
“I need you to move back in with me. This time we won’t be in separate rooms,” he said.
Her mouth went dry. She turned to leave, she had to get out here. She could not talk to him about this in such a close space. He sucked up all the oxygen in the room. She grabbed the door handle but his hands landed on the door on either side of her head. His body curled over her back. 
“I can’t do that when you’re mating with another woman.”
He growled, the sound making her shiver, and then he buried his lips against her neck. Her breath caught as her breasts grew heavy at his touch. His lips nibbled, hot tongue sucked on her skin, hard enough that she knew he’d leave a mark. The slight scrape of fangs told her just how careful he was being so he didn’t bite her.
“I always get what I want, Felicity.”
“People can’t always get what they want, Dom.”
He cupped her hips, squeezed until he had her backside tilted into him. The steely press of his erection bit into her like a rod of burning steel. Her fluttery gasp fell on silent ears as he rocked his hips against her. Rubbed that hard shaft against her core. The thin pajama pants didn’t stifle anything. She felt every erotic inch of him. 
“I always find a way to get what I want, Felicity. And what I want is you in my damn bed. I want inside your body.” His fingers sliding inside her pajama pants accompanied his guttural words. 
He stopped an inch above her mound, taunting her. If she but said the word he’d do anything she wanted. “I want to lick you here,” he said, fingers pressed into her feverish skin. “I want you to sit on my face until all I can taste is you.” His fingers moved just an inch and then he was so close, his fingers curled into the crisp hairs of her mons. A moan bubbled out of her and her head fell back at his touch. She was so wet now, burning hot for him at his words and the images they presented. “I want your legs spread open so I can watch my cock slide into you. I want to see your wetness drenching my cock as I pull back out, and shove back in.” 
His voice had gone so low she almost couldn’t hear him. His heavy breaths panted against her neck. His erection pressed into her, throbbed, and grew harder. Warm fingers dipped into her skin then slid another inch lower to cover her wet lips. He circled her wet bud in a gentle caress yet the touch brought forth a strangled moan from deep in her throat.
“Come with me. Say yes. Be mine, Felicity and I’ll give you more pleasure than you’ve ever dreamed of. Together we’ll feel something that neither one of us has ever felt. Pleasure that only you and I can feel together. You know it’s here, between us.”
Deep inside she knew everything he said rang true. What they had between them was special, different. Yet, something stood between them and that something had the name of Julianna Greenwich. “What about your mating ceremony?”
His hands stilled on her then abruptly his heat vanished. Slowly she turned around. His flushed cheeks could have been from anger, but she knew it wasn’t. Their sweet scents clouded the room.
“One day I’ll stop asking so nicely.”
She laughed at that. “And you’ll what? Attack me?”
He leaned in close, his eyes blazing with anger. “No, I won’t back off every time I touch you. I’ve been doing you a kindness. I could have had you many times before and we both know it. Every time we touch you grow so wet I can smell it. You ache for me as I do for you. Give me the answer I want or I’m done playing your game. We’ll play it my way, and I guarantee I will win.”
Felicity swallowed hard. 
Standing up straight with his bruised face and determined eyes, he crossed his arms to wait for her answer. Felicity wanted to please him. She wanted to give him the answer they both wanted, the one that would give them the pleasure that could explode between them. But she had values and just a little bit of pride.
“It’s either me or her.” She narrowed her own determined eyes on him and crossed her arms for good measure, mimicking him. 
A devastating smile curled over his lips transforming his scowling face into something captivating. “Now we play my way.”
Before Felicity could ask what that meant a knock sounded at the door behind her. She jumped, letting out a little yelp before she answered it.  
One of the guards stationed to protect her stood there. His face seemed to look perpetually grim as if he got paid extra to look fierce. His name was Graham, and he didn’t talk much.
“We just got news, Mr. Blackmoore.” 
Dom flicked a glance to her then said, “You can say whatever it is in front of her.”
“Julianna Greenwich has disappeared. We believe she has run away. None of her family or friends has had any contact with her. According to the cameras at the estate, she was seen climbing the gate before jumping over it and running away empty handed at dusk.”
Felicity’s eyebrows rose to her hairline. The prim and proper Lady Greenwich hurdled the massive black iron gate? God she’d love to see that. 
“She’s disappeared?”
“Aye, sir, so it appears. At your word, I’ll gather a team to find her.”
Felicity watched Dom to gauge his reaction. He looked stoic as ever. The man truly didn’t feel anything for Julianna. Then why not mate with me! she wanted to scream.
“Get Vas on it.”
Graham blinked. “I thought Grayson might be better for the job.”
“Just get Vas. Gray’s got a lot going on right now, and he’s working a case for me. Vas can take care of it.”
“Aye,” Graham said in his heavily accented voice. He sounded Scottish or maybe Irish when he spoke more than one word that is. “What’ll you like done with her?”
Felicity jerked her gaze to the giant redheaded man and stiffened. He meant her not Julianna.
“I’m taking her to my home up north.”
She could feel the waves of frustration roll off Graham. “That place is not nearly as protected. I don’t recommend it with the recent assassination attempt.”
Dom stepped forward and before she knew it, he had his arm wrapped around her shoulder and her body pulled alongside his. He did it almost casually...naturally. Why did it have to feel so good?
“It’s closer to the capitol so I’ll stay there. Just get extra guards for both of us and work with Vas to get a team to find Julianna. I want her back.”
Felicity stiffened and then jammed her elbow back into Dom’s side. He grunted at the jab. God, she couldn’t believe him. Shoving away from him, she ran.
“Felicity!” he yelled after her.
His man Graham wasn’t quick enough moving out of the way so he was thrown back into the wall as Dom stormed after her. Her wall caved in and debris exploded into the air.
Turning, Felicity glared at him. “You’ll pay for that! I’ll lose my security deposit over that.”
Dom tossed his head back to see what she was talking about and growled, his eyes starting to glow amber. A lick of fear raced down her spine. “I’ll fucking pay for it. I’ll buy you a new fucking house, and a new car. I’ll buy you anything you want. Just say yes to me.”
She was tempted, really, who wouldn’t be? Anything she could want. Admittedly, a lot filled that list.
But again her pride wouldn’t let her.
She shook her head.
“It’s me or her, Dom. You’ll hurt me otherwise.”
He froze and Graham’s gaze grew shuttered as he quickly backed away from this conversation, which surely even if he left he’d hear with his vampiric hearing. The front door closed behind him.
“I would never hurt you.”
She cocked a brow. He’d already hurt her in little jabs here and there. “When I’m with someone I’m with them one hundred percent. Only me and him. I don’t casually sleep around. When I want someone I want just them and I want the same in return. I do not want a man who has another woman who’s actually his bruid!”
Dom strode forward his hips having an extra kick to them. She clamped her hand on the bedroom door ready to slam it in his face.
“You want me,” he said in a low, slow voice.
Why did she feel like suddenly she was in a trap?
“Yes.”
His eyes stayed locked on hers. “I like the sound of that.” He cupped the back of her head then lifted her up to her toes so his mouth could slide across hers in a barely-there kiss.
“Then don’t go after Julianna. You don’t need her,” Felicity said. 
A grim smile crossed his lips. “We both know I have to.”
Felicity found herself blinking fast. Mortification painted her cheeks red. She pushed against him trying to move away but he wrapped his arms around her waist. “What’s wrong, Felicity?”
“Let me go!” she hissed, her eyes blinking too fast as the hot moisture came.
“Sweets, please stop fighting me. What’s wrong?”
She hit him hard across the face. 
He dropped her at once. 
Dark, angry eyes met hers and she took a step back. He watched her and gave her a disgusted look.
“You need to explain yourself, sweets.”
“I’m sorry.” Tears wobbled in her eyes. She shook her head, unable to find the right words to explain the chaos inside her.
“I don’t know what your problem is, but get over it. I can’t mate with you. I’m mating with Julianna.”
He didn’t slap her in the face, but that was how it felt hearing those words.
He spun around and left her. The front door slammed closed after him. Felicity stared after him for moment, then slammed the bedroom door closed on him.
That’s it. She was done with Dominic Blackmoore.
Chapter 12
 
Five days later and two weeks closer to the mating ceremony, Felicity sat in the back of an SUV next to Dom. Two guards sat up front. Two SUVs flagged them in front and back filled with more bodyguards assigned by Dom’s brother.
Felicity sat stiffly, staring out her window than at him. He’d forced her to come with him like some kind of ape, macho gorilla man. She struggled to recall a time she’d been this angry at someone. 
Dom had stormed into her house after she’d refused to see him or answer his calls for days. In fact, she happily went along planning his bonding ceremony by bouncing ideas off his mother via discrete phone calls. His mother was great, albeit impassionate. Thanks to her Felicity had the location booked, designs chosen, and supplies ordered.
Apparently Dom had gotten sick of her attitude though, because he came to her house that morning, tossed her over his shoulder in a firefighter’s hold, and strolled out of her house like he owned the place. According to him they were headed to his house. Not the Blackmoore estate, but his privately owned home outside of St. Louis. Felicity didn’t know anything about it; nothing had ever been mentioned about a private home in V-Society magazine, that’s for sure.
He didn’t try to draw her into conversation and she happily ignored him. Inside she boiled with rage. She wanted to scream, strike out at him, anything. How dare he steal her? What he did was against the law, but what could she do against Dominic Blackmoore? Nothing and he knew it. He had all the power and she had a mean set of design skills. The two didn’t really compare. 
He looked tired, weary. Stubble covered his jaw and upper lip as if he hadn’t had a shave in a several days. Lines creased his forehead from strain and even his suit looked frumpy as if he wore the same one from yesterday. For Dom who always looked impeccable this was quite frumpy. She told herself she didn’t care. That he deserved it. And she hoped he looked terrible because he felt bad for being an asshole.
It took a lot for her to keep quiet, but she did it by biting her tongue. She had so many questions she wanted to ask: did they find Julianna? Why did she leave? Had he changed his mind about Felicity’s proposal? Did he forgive her for hitting him? Was he ready to apologize for what he said?
She felt terrible for slapping him.
She’d never hit anyone before. Especially not someone she cared about.
And that was the crux of the problem, which was why she trembled with anger right now, because she cared. If she didn’t care she could continue to hate him or be angry. Instead, she wanted to find out his problems and help him to work through it while also staying angry with him. She also wanted him to own up to his asshole remarks he left her with before storming out of her house.
God, she was a sap. A sap for Dominic Blackmoore. Life wasn’t fair.
Sighing, she turned to face him and asked, “What’s wrong?”
His head tipped to the side, probably hadn’t expected her to speak to him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
She snorted at that. “It’s so obvious. What’s going on with you, really? You look like shit.”
He shook his head and went back to staring out at the night.
Felicity glared at his back. “Fine, don’t talk to me.” Under her breath she started muttering as she yanked her cell phone from her purse. “Bring me all the way out here and then you can’t even freaking talk to me. What’s that about? Trying to kill me via boredom. Well, thanks a lot for that, ass.”
A low, masculine chuckle brought her head snapping around. She glared at his smile. “Do not laugh at me, Dominic Blackmoore. I am in no mood.”
He sighed; once again looking tired, then he leaned over, curled his arm around her waist, and pulled her into his lap.
 He didn’t kiss her or say any of his sexually laced growls. He just tucked her head under his chin and held her as if it brought him comfort. She let him, because...she was weak for his touch, and because it brought her comfort too. 
God, she was so screwed. 
A few hours later they arrived at a modern and very masculine looking house. Felicity didn’t know quite how to describe it because she’d never seen a house like this one. It looked custom designed and built just for him. 
The house was long like a ranch and had two floors. Long, tall panels of wood more than two feet wide lined the house. The front door looked like a sliding glass door. No fancy heavy doors like at the mansion for Dom. There were many windows in the front. The windows were consecutive, not spaced apart so you could stand inside and look out into the beautiful fields and forest around them.
They hadn’t passed another house or gas station in many miles. Felicity found this curious and at odds with what she’d seen at Blackmoore manor. This house must be what he really preferred. Something unique and modern, but not excessive in the least. Of course she hadn’t seen the inside yet, but this house looked like it maybe had four bedrooms, not a dozen or more. 
Dom came around to her side of the SUV and opened the door. He must have caught her impressed expression because he smiled down at her.
“You like it?”
“Yeah.” She wished she could say no just to irritate him but it’d be a lie.
A satisfied look came into his eyes. He led her into the house. “Good. I’ll show you around.”
Inside, her first reaction was warmth. This place had positive, warm energy. It didn’t have the ancient, museum impression that Blackmoore manor did. Felicity didn’t feel like she couldn’t touch anything lest she break it and be sent to debtor’s prison for insufficient funds.
Not that Dom hadn’t spared any expense. The floors were real hard wood, polished, and a beautiful dark color that matched the outside of the house. First thing in the house, she noticed an L-shaped staircase that went to the upper floor. Dom pulled her left and she stepped down into a large living room. At least he used it as a living room. A dining area could easily have been set up in one half to create two separate rooms, but Dom had made it one very large space.
Everything centered around a massive fireplace. Logs of pre-cut wood sat next to the hearth and burnt logs still rested in the chamber. They didn’t use the fireplaces at the mansion, but Dom must like his fires. The furniture wasn’t all leather here either, but large sofas with wooden frames and navy blue cushions. It all looked rustic.
“You like it?” he asked.
“Yeah, it’s very you.” Surprisingly.
The strain still pinched around his eyes but it had lessened. It must feel good to be home, Felicity thought. 
“Come on, you haven’t seen the best part.”
Little butterflies scurried around in her belly as he led her up the staircase. Bedrooms were always on the second floor, after all.
He tugged her right at the juncture of the hall and panic hit her. She could not be in a bedroom with Dominic. Bad things would happen.
She pulled back on her hand. “Hey, wait.”
He gave her a look that told her to behave, and tugged her into the room at the end of the hall.
Her breath left her on a whoosh. It was not a bedroom.
Thank god.
The room was a sun porch type thing. She didn’t know what you called it. Windows surrounded all three sides of the walls, and the room faced a spacious valley with rolling hills and trees. A little lake sat out in the distance with a small dock on it. Plants and flowers sat in pretty vases around the room and some hung from the wall. 
Felicity frowned at him. “Is this a sun room?”
He nodded, a small smile on his lips. “You don’t have to look so confused, sweets.”
“But—”
“You want to know why a vampire has a sun room?”
She nodded slowly. “That pretty much sums it up.”
He put his arm around her shoulder, tucking her into the heat of his body. God it felt good...almost like they were a couple.
You’re just the decorator, Felicity. Don’t forget yourself.
“You ever heard of Philips Clarkson?”
Felicity struggled to put a face to the name. “It sounds familiar.”
“He’s a vampire on the council. He invents things. The man’s a crafting genius. He created a special kind of tinting that lets us see out into the daylight, but protects us from the UV rays.”
“I wondered why you had so many windows. You have the same windows at the mansion. That explains how you’re still living.”
His arm moved, curling her body front to front into his. Her breath caught as her face tilted up to look at his. “Felicity...”
He looked like he was drowning, like he was about to dip down and kiss her, and make her forget all the reasons she was angry at him. She couldn’t have that. 
“I can’t do this. Not after how things ended last time.” With a quick duck, she spun out of his arms and hastily escaped down the hallway. His silence followed her.
 
 
* * * * *
 
Dom hated his phone. Every time it rang he wanted nothing more than to crush the puny metal beneath his perfectly shined shoe. It beeped as Felicity reached the top of the staircase. He’d been enjoying himself and the view of her incredible ass swaying as she walked. Just watching her made his cock harden. Damn, he craved her. He had been making plans on how to wear her down.
He knew what she wanted—him not to bond with Julianna. That couldn’t happen so he’d have to find a way around that. His only other choice, he decided, was to keep seducing her. The moment he touched her logic faded and only pleasure consumed her. She’d succumb to him soon enough, he’d make sure of it. If she didn’t he might go mad from lust.
Dom pressed the phone to his ear and barked, “What?”
“I got her.” Vas’s raspy voice came at him. The news did not bring Dom an ounce of the happiness it should.
Felicity peered over at him with curious, gorgeous eyes. God he wanted those eyes on him when he fell asleep wrapped around her, and when he woke up each day. 
“Good.”
Vas let out a low, frustrated growl. “Where do you want me to bring her? You know this is more Grayson’s thing than mine, Dom.”
Yes, Vas didn’t much care to get out much. He much preferred his wallowing solitude. The vamp had a thing against crowds, or people in general. “Gray’s having troubles with Anita.”
“Gray’s always having trouble with Anita. He needs to cut her loose.”
“He loves her.”
“And she’s destroying him.” Vas’s voice turned low as he said something very threatening to someone else, then his voice came back on the line. “What am I supposed to do with Prim and Proper over here? Babysitting is not my fucking thing, Dom.”
“Bring her to the estate. Where did you find her?”
“Fucking Illinois, she jumped states on the run. It’ll be at least a day before we get there.” He sounded like meeting an impending death would be better than delivering Julianna Greenwich back to Dom.
“Just get her here safely. If you need extra men, call Grayson. He’ll set you up.”
“Right,” Vas said. With a click, he hung up.
Felicity’s eyes had lost their excited glow. “So you found Julianna?”
“Yes,” Dom said carefully. He did not want to talk about his soon-to-be bruid to the woman he wanted in his bed.
Felicity faced him with those sad eyes. Eyes that pulled at him, wringing his heart as if she grasped it with her little hands. “What will it take for you to cut me loose and let me go? I don’t want this job anymore. It’s become too hard.”
Dom flinched inside. Sadness laced her words like it hurt to say them. She wanted away from him. That knowledge created a ball of burning agony right at his heart like she’d just shoved a hot poker inside him. She might as well have. He’d much prefer that to her cutting words.
Dom went to her and cupped her soft cheek in his hand. Her eyes flinched and she looked even more sad, about to cry. He sucked in a painful breath. It grew difficult to breathe.
“I’m sorry about what I said before. I shouldn’t have been such an ass, but I can’t let you go. You and I both know that what we feel is different. This doesn’t just happen. I can’t let you go.”
Anger flashed in her pretty eyes and her round chin lifted. “Then leave her. You don’t want her. You want me. You can have me, but you know what you have to do.”
“I need to win this presidency. Not just for my father, or me, or to keep Zeke from taking it, but to help our people. There are serious reforms I want to make that will benefit us all.”
Felicity shrugged off his touch and stepped away. Cold instantly replaced the air she’d filled. “Yeah, save the speech for the voters. Listen, I told you before. I don’t do flings. I don’t do,” she waved a hand between them, “whatever this is. It’s her or me. That’s your choice. You can keep taking me from my home, from my job, or whatever else but my opinion won’t change.”
His nostrils flared; a bead of sweat rolled down his spine. “When I want something, I get it. I always win.”
Felicity’s eyes turned dead, any beautiful glow there gone. “Yeah, just like you’ll win this election alongside Julianna Greenwich. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure you have the most beautiful ceremony anyone’s ever seen when you mate with her.”
With that, she turned, raced down the stairs and flew out the front door. It slammed shut behind her. Dom let her go knowing his guards wouldn’t let her leave.
Slowly, he turned and went into his bedroom. Fists clenched, he let one fly. It slammed into the wall. Wood cracked and splintered, the echoing bang made the red haze in his eyes fade. But not enough. 
Dom let his fist fly again. 
CRACK!
The bite of pain at his knuckles alleviated a hair of the tension inside him. He hit it again and again and again...and again until he finally pulled back his hand to find it covered in blood and throbbing.
Only then had he calmed down enough to walk across the room to his bar. He poured himself the finest—Jouteax—a blood and wine mixture, his favorite. It used to be Anita’s favorite too. His stomach churned at the thought of his brother’s bruid making herself sick on it.
On the other hand, a positive memory surfaced. It was the same one he’d given Felicity the night they first met. God, he could still remember her eyes and body going all soft as if she was melting when she drank it. Her eyes had grown heavy with a seductive tilt. He’d scented a hint of arousal and it’d made him hard in a flash, so bloody hard. No one had ever had his attention in such a way as she had.
He’d known then that she’d be his.
Dom chugged a glass then another. He continued until he’d drank half the bottle. His mind became fuzzy and slow.
Sometime later, Dom opened his heavy eyelids. He was on the floor in his bedroom. He recognized the cast iron frame of his bed, the bottom of the nightstand next to it, and his door still partway open. He had no idea how long he’d been out, and he didn’t care. The languid heaviness inside him wouldn’t let him.
Heavy-footed boots came into his gaze. He squinted up.
“Grayson?” he rasped. 
His brother looked pissed, his jaw clenched and working left and right. “Really? Now you?”
“Sen neden bahsediyorsun?” What are you doing, he asked falling back into his old Turkish language. 
Gray shook his head. “That’s Luc that can speak Turkish.” He bent low at the knees. “Remember, I come from another mother? Mine didn’t come from Turkey, brother.”
Dom squeezed his eyes shut. “Fuck, I’m sorry, Gray. I’m shitfaced.”
Gray’s haunted eyes met his unblinking. “You think I don’t know what someone looks like when they’re shitfaced?”
Another low blow. Dom always managed to say the wrong thing to his brother. He always managed to remind him of his bruid.
“I’m sorry, Gray. I’m...sorry.”
Gray’s eyes softened then he curled an arm under Dom’s back and lifted him up. Dom found himself flat on his back on his bed. This was much better, he thought.
“What’s going on with you, Dom?”
The room spun and Dom closed his eyes since it made his body feel like he was spinning too. “What?”
“I said what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“What’re you talking’ ‘bout?” He managed to pull open his heavy eyelids. Gray glared at him with an anger he’d only seen reserved for his wife. That happened only when she’d done something particularly stupid while drunk.
“You have something special with Felicity. I can fucking see it, and if I can see it then I know you’re feelin’ it.”
Anger came back swift and strong. “I don’t want to talk about Felicity.”
“Yeah, well too fucking bad because we’re gonna. You have what I felt for Anita. I can see it.”
“Bullshit, you and Anita were perfect for each other.”
Gray’s voice got quiet. “I know.”
Dom lifted himself to a sitting position. The room swayed but not as much this time. Good, getting better, he thought. “I want to bed her. That’s all. There’s something about her...I don’t know what it is but it drives me wild.”
Grayson’s body straightened. “Yes, I know, Dom. I know because I felt the same thing for Anita once.”
Dom wanted to reach out an embrace his brother. “But not anymore?”
Gray’s eyes were raw with pain. The strain around his eyes and mouth were etched in deep lines. Line that hadn’t been there ten years ago. “Not anymore, but I will not abandon her. She deserves better than that.”
“I’m sorry, Gray.”
Gray’s eyes twitched. “You need to choose. Felicity’s right, you know. You can’t have both. Felicity doesn’t deserve that and neither does Julianna.”
“How am I supposed to pull through the campaign in less than two weeks with Felicity on my side? No one knows of her. She’s from a poor background. She has no political ties to help me pull in votes. It can’t be done.”
Gray lit a cigarette as he strode to the bar and poured himself a tall glass of Jouteax. He took a deep swig. “When have you ever backed away from a challenge?”
Dominic growled. “This is too important. If we cede the third seat to a Were, to Zeke of all people, you know what kind of madness he could ensue.”
“Maybe he will, maybe he won’t. Maybe he’s not as crazy as everyone thinks.” 
Dom leveled him a hard look and Gray shrugged.
“Maybe he is fucking bat shit crazy,” Gray admitted.
“Why do you care about all this anyway, Gray? It’s not like us to share such intimate stories together in my bedroom.”
Gray took a long pull on his cigarette. Dom could almost feel his own throat burning from the smoke. “Because you deserve some happiness for yourself. Everything you’ve ever done has been for someone else—the community, vampires, father, even me and Anita. What have you done for yourself?” 
Dom started pulling off his day-old clothes in slow, drunken movements. “I married Helena.”
“I think, if you’ll recall, father also suggested her to you.”
“Yes, but I wanted her anyway.”
“You wanted to fuck her.”
Dom thought back to those early days when Helena and he were just mated and she still accepted him in her bed. She’d been wild then and he’d answered her need with vigor of his own. “And I did, often.”
“Helena’s another rich, blue-blooded aristocratic with a long, pretty lineage. You mated her because father wanted you to. I’ve seen the way you look at Felicity. You want more than just a bedding. I bet you already care for her.”
Had to be the liquor speaking because Dom saw red. He caught his brother by the collar of his jacket. “What the fuck do you know? You know nothing about us.”
His brother could have broken away easily considering Dom’s drunken state, but he didn’t. He let Dom shout in his face and take his rage out on him. Disgusted, Dom let him go.
“I know more than you do apparently. That’s why I let her go.”
Dom growled and knew his eyes began to glow like the animal that lurked inside him. “You did what?”
“I had my men drive her back tonight while you were shit-faced drunk slobbering on the floor.” Dom curled his hand into a fist and let it fly. His fist met Gray’s lip with a fleshy crack. Gray pivoted, and then his own fist came too fast for Dom’s drunken gaze to see it.
Dom flew a foot in the air then landed on his ass on the floor. He sat there, panting.
“Why did you do that?”
“Because she deserves better than you.”
Dom curled his finger into the floor, crushing the wood into splinters. “You are supposed to help me. You’re supposed to protect her.”
“I have a guard on her. She’ll be safe from Zeke or anyone else. Besides, I don’t think Zeke cares a lick about her. He wants you dead, that’s all. If she means that much to you then you know what you’ve got to do, brother.”
Dom stood slowly and wobbled. “I’ll get her back.”
Gray shook his head sadly. “Not with my help then.” Gray walked to the door then turned around. “If anyone can win this election with a woman like Felicity at his side, it’s you.”
With that, he left. 
Dom finished undressing and showered, his mind filled with muddled thoughts. Those thoughts soon turned to plans and then to a strategy. By the time the sun started to rise and he settled in for a fitful sleep without Felicity next to him, he was ready to go to battle.
Chapter 13
 
Felicity went on at home as if nothing had happened. She hadn’t heard anything of Dom since she left him two days ago. 
It felt like so much longer than that. Two days since Grayson let her leave, tears swimming in her eyes, and her begging him to let her go. He’d let his men take her home. They still guarded her with the one named Graham filling up her kitchen with his bulk while the other guarded outside.
That was fine with her. She buried herself in work. Beth came over to help on her days off. Also, she’d been slowly breaking Beth down. Today, she planned to make her friend divulge her juicy gossip about what happened that night with Lucas Blackmoore at the theater.
At precisely seven o’clock Beth sauntered in with prompt timing. The girl was the complete opposite of a procrastinator. If she said she’d be somewhere come rain, snow, or a flat tire she’d still manage to make it there on time.
Beth wore a little smile. Felicity poured her a cup of tea with her already boiling water then they took a seat in her mess of a living room. Boxes, trash, and wrappers littered her room like a tornado had been through it.
With few words said to each other they started making progress on printing out invitations, gluing the silver ribbon across them, and about five dozen other things. There were two hundred and twenty-four names on the guest list and she had to make spares just in case. Felicity had the patience of a saint. Together they worked, mostly in silence except to compliment the other on their good work gluing ribbons. When they finished with all the invitations, Felicity set her work aside, put her chin on her hand, and waited.
Beth took a sip of her tea. “Okay, I’m ready.”
“It’s about damn time.”
Beth grinned as she started on their next job. Next they had to line the bottom of dozens of square, tall crystal vases with a silver glittering foil. They’d fill them with water before the ceremony then put fresh cut flowers inside. Lady Blackmoore had also helped to choose the flowers since Felicity could not talk to either Dom or Julianna for help. It should have been Julianna’s choice but the woman had been incognito since she tried to escape from Dom’s clutches—not that Felicity blamed her—at all. It surprised her that actually they shared something. She understood the need to get away from the man. 
For the flowers they were going with creamy white lilies tied with a dark grey ribbon in a perfect bow. They put in special orders from more than a dozen shops all across the city to get the amount they needed in such a hurry. Luckily they were all in season right now, and no one said no to the Blackmoores.
“So what happened with you and Lucas?”
Beth darted her eyes away as she pretended to focus on hot gluing the foil in a vase. “So he chased me out of the theater, right?”
“Right and I have no idea why.”
Beth sighed, the soft sound fluttering. “I didn’t know he did until I went outside and felt him behind me.”
“Why did you run?”
Beth was a hard woman or at least she tried to be but Felicity saw that she had just as many weaknesses as anyone else. Beth simply hated to air them out. Leaning forward, Felicity touched Beth’s hand. “It’s okay you know, I won’t tell anyone. It’s not like I have a lot of friends.” True, Beth was her only friend but they were close and that’s all that mattered. She’d take quality over quantity any day.
“Honestly, I started to have a panic attack. I get them sometimes when I’m really overwhelmed. And, well, I’ve never had Lucas Blackmoore look straight at me like that with that...look.” She shivered but still couldn’t meet Felicity’s gaze. “I started freaking out. I felt like I couldn’t breathe so I ran.”
Felicity grimaced. She knew all about the Blackmoore’s “looks”. Felicity decided to play nice and not correct Beth on her interpretation of the night’s event. Felicity would say Beth fled the theater rather than simply left it. But she let Beth have her understatement so she could hear the rest of the story.                
“Why did he run after you? It was almost romantic.” Felicity grinned as she moved onto gluing the next vase. 
Beth’s cheeks burned dark. “So, he took me to his place saying he needed to talk to me. I’ll tell you it wasn’t romantic. He moves way too fast, but at least he didn’t live far from the theater. The man looked down right pissed off like I’d made him angry.”
“And you just went with him?”
Beth jabbed a thumb in her chest. “Hello, human here with a gimp leg. What was I going to do? Out run a vampire?”
“Point won.”
Beth gave her a haughty look. “As always.”
Felicity pretended to growl. “Just continue your damn story.”
“He took me to his condo. It sits right in the middle of downtown. There’s an elevator that goes up to his floor. It’s like his front door. It was some amazing rich man stuff let me tell you, except the place was an outright disaster. But never mind that. He was so intense. He made me sit down and he just stared at me. It was pretty weird.”
Felicity frowned. “That’s...bizarre. I can talk to Dom if you want and have him talk to Luc about it.” 
“No! It’s okay. Now that I’ve had time to think on it after we talked, everything’s fine.”
Thank god, Felicity would rather have her fangs pulled out then have to go to Dom for help. He’d find some way to twist her around his long finger and have her swooning in his arms before she knew it.
“So he said he recognized my scent. I admitted to practically stalking his concerts. I played it up to just liking his music though.”
“You didn’t mention your sexy dreams of him?”
Beth choked. “Hell no! I’m not crazy!”
Felicity snickered. “Okay, just saying it would have made things more interesting. That’s all I’m saying.”
“More interesting. I was sitting in Lucas Blackmoore’s condo in the middle of downtown St. Louis after he sprinted me there with vampire speed! I could see the Arch from his window. It was ridiculous. Then, his eyes got all glowy.”
“Glowy?”
“Yeah, and he started acting weird and twitchy like a druggy or something. I started to debate my escape to be honest. Then he told me there was something else that it wasn’t just that I’d been to his concerts. He knew something about me.” At this Beth ducked her head and focused way too hard on the gluing the foil. “He said it had to do with my scent.”
“What was it?”
Beth mumbled under her breath.
“What was that?” Felicity said louder, grinning at Beth’s discomfort.
“He knows I wrote him letters.”
This was getting good. “What kind of letters?”
Beth’s cheeks burned hotter. “Fan letters I guess you can say...”
“Did these fan letters happen to mention how crazy in love you are for him?”
Beth stayed silent. Her eyes diligently watched the pat of glue she squeezed before she pressed a piece of foil to it.
“You did, didn’t you?”
Beth spoke breezily as if she hadn’t a care in the world. “Apparently he liked my letters or something so he kept them. I wrote those years ago. I wrote them while I was in Iraq, you know. He knew I wrote them though. Recognized my scent from where I’d touched the letters.” Beth clamped her mouth shut and Felicity knew there was more she wasn’t telling.
“Yeah...so he took you to his house and talked to you. That’s all?” 
Beth pursed her lips. “No.”
Felicity glared at her. “Spill it all.”
“He kissed me.”
“No way! How was it?” Felicity barely managed to pick her jaw up off the floor.
Beth gave her a wicked, slow smile that set Felicity’s own heart racing. “How do you think?”
Felicity remembered Dom’s kisses and nodded gravely. “I think the Blackmoore’s kiss could knock a woman’s socks off her feet.”
“Or her panties off her legs,” muttered Beth.
Felicity and Beth fell into gales of laughter.
The guard, Graham, sitting in her tiny kitchen groaned as he stood. “I’ll be outside. I can’t take any more of this.”
Felicity waved her fingers at him. “Bye, Graham!” The big warrior gave her a dark look as he went out front. The door slammed closed with a bang, and the girls fell into more laughter.
Later that night, Beth yawned off and went home. Being as it was only three in the morning Felicity was still wide-awake. So she turned on the TV and listened to infomercials on kitchenware she didn’t need as she meticulously finished off the vases. When those were done she started on the centerpiece for the two new mates. 
The sun had crept up and the guards switched to Weres for the dayshift. Her dayshift indoor guard was named Petra. He smiled with only the corner of his mouth and had a slender but very hard and strong looking body. He didn’t say a word to her, just nodded and took a seat at her kitchen table as Graham had done. What a boring job, she thought.
Felicity drank a bottle of AB for breakfast and was headed for bed when her phone made a tinkling sound. It wasn’t the usual tone from receiving phone call. Curious, she dug the very outdated cell from her purse and flipped the top open. She had a text message. Felicity tried to think if she’d ever gotten one before and couldn’t think of one. She didn’t exactly stay with current technology; it moved too fast for her.
We need to talk.
Felicity swallowed, a blush forming on her cheeks. She turned so the were at her table wouldn’t see it. “Goodnight,” she called. 
He gave her another nod as she closed herself in her bedroom, heart racing like stampeding horses.
She knew the number it came from and the name next to it: Dom.
No, we don’t, she texted back. A spark of self-satisfaction made her smile at her proud words. It was what he deserved. A minute passed before her phone made that tinkling sound again.
I’ve made a decision about us.
That got a laugh from Felicity. I’m sure you did, babe.
She meant the endearment sarcastically but apparently sarcasm didn’t translate to text. 
I like it when you call me sweet names. Shows how much you care for me.
Felicity hastily typed back. Does not. Was sarcasm.
I’ve made my decision. I choose you.
Felicity panted at the words: I choose you. No, he couldn’t. He wouldn’t. He’d said so himself. Pain throbbed in her chest, but beneath the ache a sprig of hope blossomed.
You go through an awful lot to get laid, Dom.
You know it’s more than that. Don’t lie to me or to yourself.
Even over a text he could be arrogant and high-handed. Yet, he’d figured out her deflection so easily.
Really? You won’t mate with Julianna? 
Really, he texted.
Felicity slowly smiled until her eyes crinkled and her cheeks hurt. Good, she texted back. Then she fell back on her bed cradling her phone to her chest like a teddy bear. Pulling the covers over her head, she read all the texts again and again, trying to stamp the words into memory.
I’ll be busy campaigning, but I’ll come see you as soon as I can. Yours always, Dom. He finished texting her as if he’d been writing her fancy letters the whole time. 
Laughing softly and still smiling like a fool, Felicity texted back one last time. Can’t wait. -Felicity.
Her words weren’t nearly as eloquent but they were her.
Smiling, she fell asleep thinking about Dominic Blackmoore and being with him in all ways. Thoughts of him even drifted into her dreams that night.
She dreamed in heavy slumber, limbs caught in her comforter and sweat slicking her body. None of that she knew as she dreamed, because she dreamed of him.
Their limbs were entangled, sweat slicked their bodies, his hips thrusting. His hard, long shaft, so thick, slid into her wet and hungry. He caught her groan with a hungry kiss, taking it and mixing it with his own. As he brought her to pleasure, taking her on a ride she never wanted to get off, she clung to him with her chin buried in his shoulder.
Her eyes dazedly closed on a particularly delicious thrust. Then he spoke her name and she opened her eyes and froze. Over his shoulder she met the eyes of a beautiful redheaded woman—Helena—crawling across the bed towards them.
Felicity curled her fingers into Dom’s back to warn him of the danger but he only groaned and moved faster inside her. She opened her mouth to scream but nothing came out. Helena’s eyes flashed red with evil and then she was upon them. Felicity was caught underneath Dom’s heavy body, trapped. 
In the blink of an eye, Helena stood on her knees with her arms raised in the air, a long, silver blade glinting between her palms. She smiled, her sharp fangs flashing, and then she thrust the blade down just as Felicity reached her peak. Dom shuddered above her but not from pleasure. The blade stuck out from his back. Felicity knew the long blade had reached his heart.
A different kind of wetness, not sweat, flowed across her fingers clenching his back. Red. She lifted her fingers, shaking to see his blood coating her fingers. As he lifted up from her, his face hidden in shadows, Helena smiled with satisfaction and slinked away.
Shaking like a leaf, Felicity’s gaze went to his chest. A brief sense of relief hit her but was quickly vanquished by the sight of the silver tip, not even a quarter inch long, protruding from his heart. With trembling fingers, Felicity touched the sharp point and felt her skin give on her thumb.
Then as if waiting for her touch, blood seeped from the wound in great rivulets running down his chest, landing on hers until they were covered in his blood.
Screaming, she kept screaming but no sound came. She shook him, tried to grab onto his face and bring it into the light but it wouldn’t move. 
Felicity shot awake with a muted scream that evening. Her nightmare still clung to her. She swore she could still feel his thick blood on her fingertips. She climbed out of bed silently and didn’t tell anyone of the nightmare.
 
Chapter 14
 
“You look lovely tonight,” Dom said.
Julianna sent him a surprisingly heated look. Lady Greenwich had been taught from an early age to hide her emotions, just as his mother had. Only another reason why she’d make a perfect political bruid. Right now, though, her eyes snapped at him.
“I told you I do not like this, but thank you, Mr. Blackmoore.” She couldn’t even make herself not thank him for the compliment. Such was her nature. 
Dom shook his head and grabbed her hand to lead her up the steps to the Maracado house. Gioni Maracado put the blue in blue-blooded. His family came from some of the oldest vampires in the world. There may be some older than his family, but none who had the documents to prove it. Gioni also kept very traditional views politically, and had supported Dom’s father. As long as Dom played it straight, he should be able to secure Gioni’s vote, and thus his followers. And the man had many.
Dom nodded to the valet holding open a large iron door. It looked like something straight out of a dungeon. Gioni did miss “the old days”. His house was proof of that with dark gargoyles crouched on stone pillars around the house, a wrought iron fence enclosing his land, and dark stones making up his mansion. Inside had more dark colors. Incredible crystal chandeliers hung from the vaulted ceilings, and heavy, dark carpets cushioned his feet. 
Dom led Julianna into what used to be a ballroom but had since become a party room as the times had changed. Dom began making rounds. Julianna fit in perfectly. Holding out her hand, bowing her head, and smiling when needed. She said not a word unless asked something specific and then she kept her answers simple and quiet, never stirring a conversation. She’d make a perfect bruid. If only she was Felicity. 
They received many congratulations as they met with old faces and some new ones. Their engagement had already been announced the day after he met Julianna and Felicity. By now every vampire and Were in the world knew they were to be bonded before the election. The deed would be done just in time to secure him the necessary votes to beat Zeke. 
A sudden deep and gravelly voice cut through the room. Dom halted in his conversation with an old family friend to glance over his shoulder. His lip twitched with anger but that was the only emotion he showed at seeing Zeke’s presence.
Zeke didn’t have to come to these political parties, but he’d been campaigning as viciously as Dom over the past few weeks. The man at least wore a suit this time though it looked like he’d forgotten to put a shirt on underneath. He wore only a jacket, his pants, and shoes. Yet, when he spoke, people listened. The man had magnetism about him that Dom did not like.
Dom made his way to Zeke who held the attention of many prominent figures in both Were and vampire society. 
Fucking great. 
Dom broke into the circle which naturally parted for him and Julianna. Zeke caught his gaze and Dom noted his eyes looked slightly more sane than usual, not quite as shaky. Maybe the Were was getting medicated.
“Hello, Zeke.”
The Were grinned. “How’s the lip?”
Dom frowned. “What are you talking about?”
Zeke tilted his head far to the side as his eyes grew faraway in thought, then it snapped back. “I socked you good in the mouth. It’s healed but I know that one hurt.”
Dom stiffened as anger rose in his blood. He’d forgotten. So much had happened, especially with Felicity, that none of his thoughts seemed organized anymore.
Zeke thought to embarrass him and his pride in front of voters, to make him look weak. He didn’t hide the fact that he’d sent one of his men to try to assassinate him, rather poorly Dom might add. Everyone here already knew about it and not one person mentioned it. It was a man verse man competition to become president and if one died in the process then he was considered weak. If Zeke managed to murder Dom he’d probably end up with more votes because he would look strong.
“How’s your throat?” Dom asked bringing up the vicious bite he’d torn into Zeke’s neck.
Zeke smiled, looking completely at ease that Dom had caught onto his game. “I don’t mind getting bitten every now and then. It’s a Were thing.”
Gioni, a short, thin man with slick backed russet hair, and a pointy goatee lifted his glass to get the circle’s attention. “Enough of that now. Zeke was just telling us about his plans for Were reform if he gets into office. He already has the backing of Anthony Bennet and Olivia Cash.”
“Of course he has the Were support of the council. What he needs is Edgard and Philips’ vote if he wants to get elected.”
Zeke smiled showing a mouth of sharp, white teeth. “Philips is lost to you, Blackmoore. You’ll stand by as I take this race.”
Dominic didn’t let his shock show. “Don’t underestimate me, Zeke.”
Zeke’s eyes glittered, glowing like an animal's. “It’s you who underestimates.” 
Gioni tried to lure Zeke into a question of what kind of reforms Zeke would implement if elected, but Zeke ignored him and ran out onto the balcony as if he’d been commanded. Gioni’s question trailed off in surprise as Zeke leapt off the terrace and transformed in mid-air. He ran off in beast form without so much as a goodbye to the very people he wanted to vote for him.
“Show off,” Dom muttered. That got a few polite laughs around him. “The man is not right in the head,” he said to the group.
“Not entirely,” agreed Gioni. “But has made a few good points about trying to join the separated Were packs.”
“What he wants would cause chaos and that’s just what he’s told us about his plans. Who knows what trickery he has in his mind? I don’t trust him. I thought you preferred old values, Gioni.” Dom could feel his anger coming up again. 
Gioni shrugged. “Sometimes change is good.”
Dom ground his jaw but politely asked, “Since when?”
Gioni ignored his question. “So this is the lovely Lady Julianna Greenwich. I believe we met at an art opening sixteen years back.” 
Julianna and he murmured pleasantly, reminiscing about some stupid painter Dom had never heard of. Dom excused himself and made his way to Philips. Philips and Edgar had been sitting on the vampire’s side of the council since it began. They were both well liked and considered pleasantly fair and neutral to the rights of vampires and Weres, which is how they kept getting re-elected.
The alliance between Weres and vampires worked because of their government. Two vampires represented the vampires, two Weres represented the Weres and the president sat as a neutral party between them. Yet, since they started this government some seven hundred years ago only a vampire had ever held the presidential seat.
Vampires and Weres got together on Election Day and cast their votes for their leaders. It was up to the vampire and Were leaders, like Philips to cast the deciding vote based off the popular vote. It was a democratic system, and Philips has promised Dominic his allegiance.
Dom caught Philips’ gaze and watched the older vampire’s eyes flicker with alarm. Philips was not much older than Dom and had been raised the life of a dandy. He knew Dom could take him, and Dom knew it too. That’s why, as he spotted Dom, he made quick regrets to the group he spoke with and slipped down a darkened hallway. Dom followed him, catching his sweet scent of red wine. 
Dom followed him, closed the door behind him, caught Philips by his neck, and slammed him back against it. He squeezed the man’s throat for good measure.
“What is this I hear of you siding with Zeke?”
Philips gasped as his hands latched onto Dom’s wrist. “That is none of your business, Dominic. I am a neutral party.”
Dominic growled, his fangs threatening to emerge with the urge to drain the man dry. “It is very much my concern, Philips. What has he bartered with?” That was the only way Zeke could have swayed Philips.
Philips licked his reddening lips. “See here I haven’t made any final decisions yet. He just offered me...” Philips cheeks flushed.
“What did he offer you?” He tightened his hand and loved the give of skin and tendons beneath his hand.
He cheeks turned even redder. “I-I can’t say.”
“The hell you can’t.” Dominic pulled him back and slammed his head into the door with a resounding crack. “Tell me now.”
Philips looked at a point over Dom’s shoulder. “He-he agreed to support a new...amendment.”
“An amendment to what?” growled Dominic.
“Mating laws.”
Dominic pulled back with a frown. “Since when do you have a concern with mating laws?”
The vampire definitely wasn’t turning red from lack of air but embarrassment. “Since I fell in love...with a man.”
Slowly, Dominic released the man’s throat. He fell to his knees, gasping. “Why didn’t you come to me with this?”
Philips looked up at him. “You are too much like your father. I asked him for mating reform too and he denied it.”
Dominic didn’t give a shit if Philips wanted to mate with a man. “I swear to push forth the amendment, and I will get it passed if you give me your vote.”
Philips looked unsure. “I have the word of the Were already. However, I cannot make a promise to either of you. I must stay neutral but I will take your vow into consideration.”
Dominic slammed his fist into the door by Philip’s head. Philips flinched and cried out. “I am offering the same thing. Give me your promise.”
“Y-yes, but I will not be swayed by strength. It is time for change, Dominic. If you can’t be the one to make those changes then my vote, and the vote of the people under me, goes to Zeke.”
“You’ll regret this.”
Dominic slammed out of the room. He didn’t waste any time in grabbing Julianna and dragging her from the room. Faces turned to them with curious eyes but they didn’t dare to ask questions. Only after he had them both stuffed in the car did the tension in his shoulders lessen some.
His guards started driving. All he could think of was getting to Felicity tonight. She always made him feel better. 
“What’s the matter?” Julianna asked. She always kept her voice pleasantly neutral as if she didn’t actually care whether he answered.
She was so unlike Felicity. He could read everything Felicity felt or thought by looking at her face, or hearing the levels of passion or anger clouding her voice. The woman was so alive, and he wanted all of that for himself, in his bed or on his arm every night. His hands clenched as a wave of pain flared where his heart was.
“Zeke is doing everything he can to win the presidency from me. The bastard’s even using low-handed tactics.”
“I’ve heard talk that he’s mad because he’s been searching for his mate for so long but can’t find her.”
Dom grunted. “That’s part of the reason. He wants to open packs to one another—so the men can hunt down their mates.”
“That doesn’t seem so bad,” she said.
“It’ll be bad once one of them find his mate is with another, then goes into a murderous spree and starts killing. That would be just the tip of the iceberg. The packs are very territorial, they nearly hate each other and they covet their women like precious little keep sakes. If another Were from another pack comes sniffing around their women, things are going to get tense. Putting forth a law like that isn’t going to make their instinctive natures go away.”
“I see.”
They finally pulled up to the manor and one of the valets came to open their doors. Julianna stepped out but Dom shook his head and the valet lifted a brow but didn’t open his door.
She turned around before the valet closed her door. “You are not coming inside?”
“I have business to attend still.” He had to go see Felicity.
She gave him a little smile that made the guilt he felt sit in his stomach like bad food. Guilt over many things. She nodded then swept away in her floor-length gown. She walked regally like a fine, gentle bred lady with her back straight, chin high, and hair and face immaculately beautiful.
Yet none of it stirred him.
“Take me to Felicity’s,” he told his driver.
They drove on leaving Julianna to his mother in that big, suffocating home.
She was not what he wanted, but he’d do whatever it took to win the election; even mate with her. The lie he’d told Felicity sat in his gut like lead. Would she ever forgive him?
She must. 
He’d make her forgive him, but for now she’d continue unknowing of his deceit. God, what a bastard he was. Lying to her about something so important. He felt like a downright dog.
Dom felt the first trickle of unease hit him as they stopped at a red light. His guards felt it too. They both tensed as their eyes scanned around the car. The scene looked relatively empty aside from the single car sitting next to them at the light. Inside the car, a young blonde woman sat. She wore too much makeup and her lips moved as she sang along to some song about breaking up with her boyfriend.
He and his men never saw it coming because it came from up above.
The light hadn’t even turned green when the driver slammed on the gas. But it was too late. 
The roof caved in with a boom as something heavy and solid landed on it. Everyone flew into action. Dom moved too. He ached for a fight after his night and now that Felicity wasn’t with him he didn’t have to worry over her. He let loose.
He darted out of the car to the sound of howls. Weres were strong, but transformed Weres were damned powerful. Dom took in everything in less than a blink of an eye.
Five Weres surrounded them. They’d dropped down from roof above. They were heavy, muscled beasts, snarling and growling. They also had enough strength in their jaws to literally bite through the neck of a vampire and kill them by decapitation.
Calmly, Dom shrugged off his overcoat leaving him in nothing but his suit. He took on the first Were he saw. The beast leapt at him from the roof, but Dom used his speed to slam his shoulder into the Were’s gut in midair. The beast flew back into the car sending it skidding across the lane into the blonde woman’s car. The woman watched the whole scene with her jaw hanging open and eyes like saucers.
Stupid human was going to get herself killed. Should be running.
A heavy animal landed on Dom’s back, claws bit into his shoulders and back viciously ripping at skin. A garbled shout ripped from his throat as one claw ripped into his side at his ribs and tore a length down.
Dom reached behind him, grabbed hunks of fur, then tossed the beast off him in an overhead throw. The beast flew across the ground, its heavy body rolling until crashed into a streetlight, coming to a stop.
More came at him. Dom’s guards killed one, then another leaving only two left. One of the Weres got in a surprise slash with its heavy paw at his guard. The guard twitched as he fell to the ground. In the next second the Were opened its jaw and bit through the vampire’s neck. His guard died in a nasty, bloody crunch of bone and tendon.
Roaring, Dom fought harder. Facing off with a Were they went neck to neck ducking and dodging blows, Dom slammed his fist into the Were’s face as it came at him and knocked it backwards in a flip. He jumped on the beast as soon as it landed not giving it a second to think, then buried his fangs in its hairy throat and drank in fast, hard pulls. The fur filled his mouth almost making him gag but still he drank, seeing only red and fury. The beast twitched and growled, then its legs stopped kicking. Satisfaction filled him like good drink. The pleasure of winning, of overcoming in a fight was as great a high as the best drugs in the world.
Dom stood and found his last guard facing off against the last Were. Together, they approached the beast, each breathing hard, fangs extended, and clothes torn and bloodied. They were ready to fight. Ready to kill. 
The beast looked at them with glowing yellow eyes, and then sped off down the street in a furry blur.
His guard started after it. “Leave it,” Dom panted.
Nodding, his guard dialed Grayson and ordered a cleanup. Dom cursed. He felt jacked, blood sang in his veins, his senses were on high alert. He wanted to keep fighting, he wanted to fuck, and he wanted to run wild, or do all of them at once.
He needed Felicity.
With that thought in mind, he stalked to the blonde girl’s car. She screamed as he neared her. 
“Hush,” he commanded.
She clamped her mouth shut with a snap of teeth. 
“Move over!”
Panicked but obedient, she moved over to the passenger seat. To his guard he said, “I’m going to Felicity’s.”
“Sir, you should wait—”
He never heard the rest of the guard’s warning. He put the little car into drive and tore off for Felicity’s house, jacked, more excited to see her than ever, and driving a red Volkswagen Beetle with a butterfly steering wheel.
 
* * * * *
 
Felicity knew something was wrong. She’d just finished packaging up the finished centerpieces and stacking them against the wall when Graham stood. In a flash, he was out the front door without a word.
Damn but he could move fast. Felicity knew she could too but to move fast and quietly like that still took a lot of practice, even for vampires.
She heard the squeal of tires, then low voices as she made her way to the front door. She didn’t have fancy tinted windows so hers were boarded up inside and covered with heavy drapes. It was a common enough thing for vampires. She opened the front door and gasped at what she saw.
Dominic Blackmoore was striding up to her front door in long strides, covered in blood, radiating sex and anger, and his eyes were locked on hers.
Suddenly her heart raced, her breathing became hard to catch.
“Dom?”
He walked right into her, his chest brushing against hers and pushing her backward. His hand shot out and the door slammed closed behind them. Something or someone had torn his jacket; it hung in shreds around him. Blood covered his face and ran in red pools down his white shirt. His clothes looked extra fancy, aside from all that, as if he’d been out at a party.
“What happened to you?”
Big, strong hands caught her waist then he lifted her up to the level of his mouth as if she weighed nothing to him. His mouth slammed down to hers and his thick tongue curled inside. Felicity moaned at his heady flavor and her body reacted on its own. Arms entwining around his neck, legs wrapping around his waist, she slid her tongue against his. He groaned.
The kiss went on and on growing wetter and hotter by the minute. They ate at each other. He kissed her as if she was a lifeline he needed, as if he wanted to do it forever. The heat of his hands holding her never dipped down to cup her bottom or reached up to caress her breasts. He simply held her and kissed her. 
That alone made Felicity’s feelings for him blossom like a flower in the sun. He’d promised her she was his now, she’d agreed, and that meant he was hers. She had Dominic Blackmoore. They could finally be together. 
He chose me!
He ended the kiss slowly with less heated kisses until he gave her one last lip bite, and then finally he just pressed his lips to hers and breathed unevenly.
Her eyes opened, met his, and a slow smile curled over her lips. 
“I think this is a great way to say hello.”
“I had to see you.” His eyes bared his soul to her and she gulped. He truly wanted her. This wasn’t pretend; this was real. 
“Let me clean you up,” she said.
Nodding, he let her go but seemed hesitant to do so. As her toes touched the ground, she reached up one more time to snatch his head in her hands, and brought his mouth down for a kiss. Feeling happy and a little giddy, she couldn’t stop smiling as she pressed kisses along his jaw, cheeks, and nose.
His voice was rough as he said, “I’m trying to be a gentleman and not take you right now, but you’re making that much more difficult than it should be, Felicity.”
BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, banged her heart at his words.
“Okay.” She gave him a little, sweet smile then tugged him into the kitchen. “Take a seat. I’ll get you cleaned up then you can tell me all about why you’re covered in blood and smell like a Were.”
He pulled out one of her chairs, gave it a scowl, and then sat down in it. Felicity froze as she heard an ominous creak, but it was too late. She could do nothing to stop it.
The wood splintered. With a snapping-crack the chair caved in sending Dominic sprawling across her kitchen floor.
Felicity stared, stunned. Dominic Blackmoore, covered in blood, wearing an expensive but torn suit, was slumped on his ass on her kitchen floor in a pile of broken wood.
His lips parted, his eyes glared at the floor, and his hands were held up in the air as if asking how did I get here?
The first giggle came. Quickly followed by another.
His eyes slowly came up, heated and sexy as hell, his lips pressed into a thin line.
She sucked in a wheezing breath as her sides pinched. But she couldn’t hold it in. She burst out laughing, tears filling her eyes as she leaned against the wall for support.
“Oh my god. Oh my god. That is...the...funniest thing...” she sucked in a sharp breath then rushed out, “I’ve ever seen in my life!”
Dominic slowly stood. His foot caught on some wood and he jerked almost falling again. That sent Felicity into more fits of laughter.
She saw him coming but didn’t care. “Oh god! Oh god! My sides hurt!” She hunched over to try to suck in some much needed air and realized he stood directly in front of her. The fine polish of his shoes caught her eye and slowly she stood up, her giggles slowing. 
She caught his stormy expression as her laughter died out. Her body sent a wave of longing through her. Something about his dark looks only made her want him, it seemed. She wanted to make him feel better...in any possible way.
“You dare to laugh at me because of your...your cheap furniture?” he growled in a lethal voice, one meant to intimidate her.
Felicity kept her lips from twitching, then she looked at his lips pulled flat and couldn’t keep from acting. The need, the longing for him was too much. She felt as if she’d been waiting all her life for this man, and maybe she had been. Maybe that’s why no one else had ever kept her attention for long.
Felicity stepped into him. His eyes flickered with something and she couldn’t stop her heavy breathing, or her eyes from dropping to half-mast.
“Dom...”
His eyes answered her need by turning heavy with the look. He cupped her waist. “Felicity,” it sounded like a warning.
To hell with caution. She wanted this man, and he’d chosen her. 
 Felicity flattened her hands on his chest and slowly opened one of the little buttons of his shirt. His chest rose sharply, hand tightened around her waist.
“Felicity—”
“Shush,” she whispered. 
Her eyes caught dark bronzed skin at his throat, the dark mixture of hair on his chest pulled her nipples taut. She wanted to bare her breasts and rub them across his hard chest, feel his hair chafing her tender nipples.
She opened the next button, then the next. Two, three, four. 
At five she could see the definition of his pectoral muscles. She could no longer control her heavy breathing. It was ragged. She didn’t even care.
Six, seven...
A tight hard stomach came into view, hard with definition and dusted in a light spattering of black hair that started at his belly button then went further into his pants.
Eight, nine...
She tugged the rest of his shirt out of his pants and opened the last button free. She spread the material open and when it caught on his shoulders with the heavy weight of his suit jacket holding it down she pushed sending both fluttering to the ground.
Her breath caught. His chest rose and fell in jagged motions.
He was golden brown, beautiful and hard. So very male. She melted, pressing a kiss to his chest. The ache inside her turned into an all-out hungry need, one that wouldn’t leave until she learned everything about him.
Her hands went around his back to squeeze the hard muscles at his lower back. She trailed her hands up the straight sides feeling the heat of him. The soft skin, the heat and strength of his muscles.
He fisted the material of her shirt at her lower back as if searching for control.
She kissed her way across his chest, to each of the dark brown circles of his nipples. She nuzzled one with her nose, breathed in his masculine scent before she kissed her way up to his collarbone. His neck arched to give her room. 
Hands wandering, cupping and feeling hard, hot flesh, she licked at his throat, pressed open-mouthed kisses there before she headed down...down...down.
Her shirt bunched as he refused to let go of it. The material gathered around her neck as she slowly kissed her way down his chest. With a quick move, she ducked out of the shirt and he tossed it away. Spots of blood covered his chest in ragged lines that were already starting to heal.
The scent of his blood beckoned her like a curling finger. She was lost to it. The longest of the cut was at his waist near his hip. It went around his side and up about a foot long in a jagged line. She reached it and his hands threaded through her hair, held on.
“Felicity,” he said, sounding pained.
Needed flooded between her legs. She was so wet for him. So ready to feel him inside her for the first time.
She kissed the gnarled cut that had stopped bleeding, and darted out her tongue to lick it.
The scent of his arousal surrounded her. His low groan tickled her ears. She licked the entire cut, every little inch of it, licking up his dried delicious blood and helping to heal it. His taste flooded her senses. As she reached the bottom of it near his hipbone, she became sidetracked with the hard bone there. Her hands ran up his hard side then down around his back to cup his backside. He growled as his hips arched into her so near her face. She kissed the bone, her tongue sliding around it and he hissed. 
The button and his zipper proved easy to undo. As his pants sagged to his thighs, Felicity kissed her way across his tight stomach to his other hipbone, entranced by the hard V formed from the muscle that split his hips. His body jerked and shuddered at her touch. He wore black boxer briefs that sat low on his hips and stopped just at the tops of his legs. They weren’t cotton but something softer. 
His erect cock strained against the fabric hard and ready for her. Felicity tucked her fingers beneath the fabric then gently peeled it down his strong, muscular legs.
“Felicity...” he growled as his cock sprung free.
She had to take a deep breath to slow herself down. She wanted to take him in her hand feel him all at once, find out how hard and soft he was, how hot. She wanted to taste every inch of him, to feel him slide inside her slippery wet sex, but first she had to calm down. She wanted to savor this, to savor him, and these first moments together.
“Shush,” she said, an order.
His hands clenched in her hair as she kissed his upper thighs. Her hands rounded his tight backside and squeezed before moving to learn the hard muscles of his thighs. She felt the light dusting of hair beneath her palms. The tickling sensation made her smile.
“Let me take you. Let me inside you.”
Felicity’s body clenched at the idea. Soon, she thought. “Not yet, honey.”
She couldn’t wait anymore. His cock hung heavy and long by her mouth so she ran her soft cheek against it. Blazing heat scalded her. His thighs trembled and then locked beneath her hands. 
She kissed the tip of him, licked off the creamy wetness as her hand curled around him. She couldn’t close her fingers around him. He filled her hand like a hard bat. He was so hot and heavy. She licked around him, wetting him with her mouth and lips as her hand gripped him. Then she started to tug.
“Christ! What are you doing to me?” he said, his voice a hoarse shout. 
He actually shouted. 
He’d told her it’d been a ridiculously long time since he’d been with a woman and suddenly Felicity wanted to give him every ounce of desire she could. What a shame that this beautiful male had no woman to worship him for so long. Felicity wanted to bring him to climax just with her mouth, then settle him down and bring him back against with her hand until she could ride him and take them both to paradise.
“Dom,” she whispered. Her eyes closed as she sucked him deep, as deep as she could. 
She pumped him in her fist. Her other hand, curious, dipped under him to fill her palm with the tight male flesh of his sac.
Cursing and murmuring, half-Turkish, half-English words caressed her ears. His hands loosened in her hair to become almost gentle as his hips started rocking, pumping his shaft in and out of her mouth.
“Isa seni çok iyi hissediyorum. Bana ne yapıyorsun?”
He was hard in her mouth but soft as velvet and hot as flame. His taste was masculine decadence, the sound of his breathing the most beautiful in the world, and his own body’s natural movements nearly made her come without so much as a touch from him.
She needed to feel him spill in her mouth, needed to learn what he tasted like. So she moved faster. His breath caught and grew so ragged it whipped the air as his great chest heaved.
“Felicity! Let me inside you woman, please!”
She wanted him inside her too but not right now. Right now she wanted his seed on her tongue.
His begging made her moan around his length as she worked his wet cock with hand and mouth. She sucked and lapped, moving her lips around him and pumping his stiff cock.
She felt it when he came. His thighs tightened until the muscles bulged. His hips thrust faster working his cock in and out in a rapid rhythm. His breaths sawed at the air. His hands clenched in her hair, grip biting as he held her to him. His cock jerked as he came, twitching. The sac beneath her palm pulsed. And then he shot, coming in long bursts against her tongue.
Hoarse, satisfied shouts filled the room. She caught her name in the midst of colorful curses as he came and came. She swallowed him down then slowly eased him out of her mouth.
She kissed his shaft as it sagged a bit, ran her hands across his thighs and up his hips as she slowly started to stand and kiss her way back up his body. Still, she didn’t look him in the eyes. She hadn’t this whole time.
As she finally reached his pectorals and his arms sealed around her naked waist, she looked up into his eyes and found something completely staggering.
His eyes were filled with the look, but the look was so raw and unsheltered that it made her heart skip a beat. This was passion incarnate and she was caught up in it.
He lifted her in his arms, then kicked off the rest of his pants and strode down the hallway to her bedroom. He dropped her onto the mattress. When he followed her down, naked and golden, and hard again she moaned.
Yes, this would finally be it. Finally, she would know him in the most intimate way a woman could know a man.
His mouth tasted the sweat at her neck. His hands covered her breasts. He worked his way down her chest much faster than she’d done him, for which she sent a little prayer of thanks out to the world. She needed his touch, all he’d have to do is press his finger against her clitoris and she’d come apart, she knew it.
He seemed to know it because he took his time unbuttoning her jeans and working them down her thighs. Everywhere he revealed skin he kissed. From her hipbones to her outer thighs, to her inner thighs. Then finally, the jeans and underwear were down her legs. He pressed a kiss to her ankle, and with her leg lifted in the air, he looked down at her with eyes glowing. Her eyes matched his with need.
“I’ll be patient next time. Right now, I need to taste you.” Low and hoarse, his deep pitched voice sent a wave of pleasure over her.
“Yes,” was all she could say.
Then his hands ran up and down her thighs from knee to the inner cusp of her leg just grazing her slick center.
He had to be able to smell her, had to see how wet touching him had made her. He didn’t seem to care at all; he looked positively enthralled as he crawled up between her legs. He blew a stream of air across her wet folds and she hissed, her back arching off the bed, and hands curling into the messy bed sheets.
 He nipped her inner thigh then rasped, “I’m going to touch you and make you come, and after you settle down I’m going to lick you until you do it again.”
Felicity panted thinking that no way could she have two orgasms so close together.
But he’d proved her wrong before.
With just the barest touch of his finger, he pressed against her wet bud and slowly, so slowly, moved it in a tight circle. Her breath hitched as everything in her gut pulled painfully tight with burning heat. One, two, three more little circles and she bowed off the bed, her voice choking as she tried to scream but couldn’t. Hot, painful pleasure exploded through her starting deep in her womb and moving outward. 
She could no longer feel his touch. She could no longer even see as her vision faded then slowly came back, piece by granular piece until she was once again staring up at her white ceiling.
Sharp fangs nipped her inner thigh helping to bring her back down. He stroked her legs then moved up over her hips to her waist in tender caresses. He was right. He was doing exactly what he’d promised he would. He was slowly letting her catch her breath and take stock of her body.
She still burned with need inside her, a tight pressure. It was as if that orgasm had only lifted the lid off the pot to release some steam but she still had so much more to release. Her nipples were tight, tender peaks and everywhere his hands rubbed over her left her writhing in agony.
“Now for the second,” he promised.
He licked up her aroused flesh, and a thick, long finger circled her opening again and again. She twitched, her hips arching. Words left her, begging him to finish her, to please take her, to finally fill her. She’d never sounded so needy in her whole life. Surely the guards outside, even her neighbors could hear her but she didn’t care about any of that. Not at all.
His finger circled her and his lips kissed her in a flutteringly soft touch. Then his lips parted and his tongue touched her, tasting her.
A low sound filled the room and she realized it wasn’t her but him. His growl.
Moving fast, he reached up to pinch her nipple tugging it hard as his finger at her center plunged inside. A choked cry escaped her. Her back bowed off the bed, hips thrust in a little rocking motion against him, wanting him to thrust that finger...wanting him to replace it with something far bigger and far harder.
He set out and did exactly as he said he would.
He suckled her needy bud building a painful ache deep in her belly with each stroke. His fingers played at her nipple tugging and rolling as his finger, finally, started to thrust inside her. 
It came so fast. She didn’t want it to. It felt so heavenly that she wanted to stay like this forever. But pleasure this intense and this good couldn’t last forever, it had to detonate fast.
And she did.
Her cries carried through the room. “Dom! Dom!” 
His heavy breaths blew across her hot flesh as his finger worked her and tongue moved faster to prolong the hot frenzy engulfing her. The painful, sensual sensations tore through her, blinding her, making her shudder underneath him. 
Only his touch kept her from flying off the bed. 
And then he eased her down again with tender, slow touches. His finger pulled out of her making her moan at the loss, his fingers stopped tugging her nipple and then he kissed his way up her stomach.
He curled her into his body, his face buried in her neck, and her bottom cupped against his groin. Her body had never felt so relaxed. Each of her limbs seemed to have lost weight because she felt as light as air with only his arm around her waist keeping her on the bed. 
“I should clean the blood off you,” she murmured into her pillow.
He licked her throat then kissed her. “Tomorrow.”
“Mmm” she said.
Then she fell asleep for the first time in Dominic Blackmoore’s arms and it was the greatest feeling she’d ever felt.
But just as great pleasure couldn’t last, a part of her knew this couldn’t last either. 
Chapter 15
 
Felicity roused covered in a warm, male body. Out of all the ways she’d ever woken up or been woken up this was by far the best.
Dom was kissing her neck, his hands running the length of her body in a lazy, sleepy way and her body was beginning that slow wonderful burn that only lead to great things.
“How did you sleep?” she asked.
She grasped a handful of his dark hair as he nibbled across her neck, his long, heavy body sliding across hers as he did. Her stomach clenched as his cock landed between her legs, heavy and hard on her mound.
“Better than I ever have.”
Surely he was exaggerating but she wasn’t about to challenge his compliment. 
“You smell good in the morning.” She rubbed her cheek along his. The feel of his stubble rasping her cheek made her smile. She inhaled the scent at his neck, licked his throat. Her fangs started to elongate and she closed her lips so he wouldn’t know how badly he made her lose control. 
He rubbed his nose along the top of her breast. “You smell good every day.”
She laughed and ran her legs along the outside of his. “You know what I mean.”
His tongue flicked out, licked a nipple. His lips caught the tender peak with a bite. Felicity melted into him, her legs falling open, and body curling into his. One of his arms snaked around her waist to lift her hips into him. He gave a little thrust as he sucked on her aching nipple and his cock slid over her wetness and bumped over her needy bud. With just that one touch, with his cock being so close to where she wanted him, she grew wet and open. 
“Oh god,” she groaned. 
The scent of their arousal flooded the air. She wanted him to drink from her while he took her for the first time, to give him the ultimate form of intimacy they could possibly share. She wanted to give him everything. 
“Dom...” she started to tell him to do just that but a buzzing sound interrupted the fantasy.
Cursing, Dom sat up abruptly cutting off their connection. He reached for his pants pocket, pulled out his cellphone and growled into it with enough fury to make her grin. 
“What!”
Felicity smiled up at him. He sat up on his knees, towering over her as he listened to the caller. A little fluttering feeling swept through her stomach. He made her feel so small and feminine. No one had ever made her feel like that, or had made her so aware of her own delicateness.
Dom’s gaze devoured her with hot, smoky eyes glazed with lust. His cock jutted erect and hard from his hips. His chest was hard and packed with muscles she wanted to nibble. As if unable to keep from touching her, he tucked the phone between his shoulder and ear so he could run both hands up her thighs in a possessive caress.
Those strong hands reached the top of her thighs and paused making her breath catch. His grip tightened for a moment and then his thumbs swiped over the wet folds between her legs. 
He wouldn’t. Not while on the phone.
His eyes met hers, and then a slow, sexy smile curled his lips. 
He would.
“Well, how do the numbers look?” he said in irritation. His voice was somewhere else, but his body and touch stayed here in this room with her.
His fingers parted her folds then coaxed her wet bud with the pad of his thumb.
A sigh stuck in her throat as her hips lifted up to meet his caress. His eyes darkened, cock twitching and catching her attention.
“I want to know every move he’s making and I want that information now. You got me?”
Two could play this game, Felicity thought. 
She sat up propping one hand on the bed beside her for leverage. His eyes shuddered her breasts jiggled with the movement, and then she reached forward and curled her fingers around his cock.
His eyes slid closed and head tipped back to expose the tanned expanse of his thick neck. Nothing she could do could stop her fangs from elongating at the vision he presented. Her lips parted to make room for them and she could only pant as she gazed longingly up at the pulse pounding at his strong throat.
“Dominic—” she whispered.
His head cocked to the side and his warm, sultry expression mirrored her own. His gaze fell to her fangs and something flared in his eyes.
“I’ll be there when I get there,” he growled, then slammed the phone closed and dropped it.
Then he was on her, his cock sliding along her wetness, his mouth on hers, and her breasts crushed against his hard chest in the best of ways.
He lifted his lips from hers as he pulled back his hips enough to let the tip of his hard shaft press against her opening. A fierce ache grew deep inside her belly. The twinge made her pant, her body undulate beneath his. She needed him to fill her; it was the only way to make the delicious pain go away.
“You want to bite me?” he rasped in her ear.
One hand curled into her hair. He always seemed to be touching her hair. Funny how she hated her reckless curly hair and yet he seemed to love it.
She met his hungry gaze and licked her lips. “Yes.”
His eyes shuttered closed, then he cocked his head to the side to expose his strong throat. “Then do it.” He nudged his hips forward, barely entering her, just pressing her open with the head of his cock.
She shook with a mixture of need and fear. “I can’t. It’s too...it’s too...” Good.
“What? Intimate? You’re mine now, Felicity. It won’t be long before I’m drinking from your neck, from your sexy little breasts, from your firm thighs.” 
He kissed her again. This time the kiss was hungrier, wilder. Felicity wrapped her arms around his back as she rubbed against him, pushing, trying to get him to enter her, but each time she tried his hips retreated.
“Do you want me?” he said against her lips. His hazy, low-lidded eyes were filled with hunger and locked on hers. She’d never felt closer to another person in that moment.
“Yes.”
His cock prodded her again, slipping just an inch inside her, enough to let her know he could slam inside if he wanted to. That this time she wasn’t getting away. He was really going to take her.
“Do you want my vein?” 
Her hips arched up and he retreated. Only after she settled back down did he push back in, this time going slightly further, but it wasn’t enough. She let out a frustrated cry.
“Dominic, yes! I want it all!”
A satisfied glint beamed in his eyes. “You want all of me? Say it. Tell me. I want to hear you say it.”
“Yes, I want all of you, any way I can get you, baby.”
The slow, sexy smile he gave her made her toes curl. He pressed a gentle kiss to her lips. “You, me, this is different. This is something good, something right. You’re mine Felicity Shaw and nothing can ever change that.”
Felicity kissed him. It was the only response she had to his heart-racing words. It was too soon to tell him how she felt. She knew it, yet she wanted to scream it from the bottom of her lungs until the entire world heard it. Most of all, she wanted him to know it. She needed Dom to know that he consumed her thoughts, made her feel safe and happy in a way she never had before. 
“Give me that neck, baby.”
His eyes flashed with heat and then he kissed his way across her jaw. Felicity’s mouth watered at the thick expanse of his neck. Her tongue darted out to lick it, to prepare him as a sensual, dark power came over her like a heavy curtain being drawn.
He was hers now. He would be completely at her disposal once she sank her fangs into him.
She gave him an open-mouthed kiss with her fangs pressed gently on his skin. The arm around her waist squeezed tight, making it hard to breathe.
“Do it, sweets,” he urged, his voice husky.
Felicity tightened her grip on his back then bit down. The thick, heady taste of him coated her tongue. They moaned together, his hips retreated, and she just knew he’d fill her this time.
BAM! BAM! BAM!
Dominic flew off her. Naked with fury swimming in his eyes, he slammed open the bedroom door and stalked naked to the front door like a man about to kill.
Felicity sat up, pulling a sheet across her to cover her. 
“Don’t hurt whoever it is,” she managed to say before he slammed open the front door.
His big, naked body filled the doorway, blocking her from seeing whoever stood in it. 
His voice turned into a lethal, cold growl. His shoulders stiffened and Felicity’s arousal faded fast. Even as he slowly turned around and closed the door she just knew. Their morning fun was over. Rolling his neck, he stalked back to the bedroom. His eyes caught hers and grew hungry as they roamed over her body. 
He groaned in frustration. “I have to go. It’s important, I’m sorry.”
He grabbed his wrinkled pants from the night before and started tugging them on in jerky movements. Much more slowly, Felicity grabbed some fresh clothes and started to dress. It was almost a cozy thing to do with both of them dressing for the day. She couldn’t help but smile.
She pulled a fresh pair of panties on and took her time doing it. She also maybe shook her bottom at him as she did it. The deep-throated groan she heard made her grin up at him over her shoulder. His eyes had turned dark with the look.
Those dark eyes flicked up to hers. “Tonight, you’re mine. No interruptions, no excuses.” He walked towards her, or stalked, more like, with his pants unbuttoned and his shirt hanging open. He caught her, crushed her against him. “Tonight I’m fucking you and feeling you come around my cock. I don’t care if a war starts outside your front door. We’re finishing this.”
His hand curled around her hair to tilt her head up to his, then he kissed her.
When he let her mouth go she whispered, “I thought maybe we’re just now beginning this.”
His smile was slow but sure. “Yeah, sweets, we’re beginning this tonight and you better be ready because it’s going to be a long night.” 
He kissed her again, good and hard and wet. When he stepped away from her, he grabbed his suit jacket and headed for the front door like he owned the place.
“Wait! I almost forgot to ask.”
He turned back to her, patiently waiting as whatever emergency awaited him outside her front door.
She ran up to him in only her undies and couldn’t keep from wrapping her arms around his waist. “Do I still have a job?”
His brow furrowed. “What?”
“Well, you said it’s just me now...and so I figured that meant you and Julianna weren’t...you know...” She blushed brightly.
She might not have noticed the tension in his body if she hadn’t been touching him. But she was touching him and so she felt it when his back stiffened. His eyes looked over her living room to see the dozens of packed boxes filled with candles, linens, vases, and all kinds of goodies.
He looked back down at her. “Keep working on it. We’ll throw a party once I win the presidency.”
“Great idea!” Already her mind went to work with the idea. She could add some more masculine colors to the room and could stream drapes across the ceiling. It would bring more of “Dom” to the room.
“Sweets?”
Her eyes flew up to his. “Huh?”
A small smile was on his lisp. “I lost you for a minute there. Keep working and I’ll see you tonight.”
She knew her eyes were bright with excitement and she didn’t even bother to hide it. She let him see it. Then she leapt onto him, wrapped her legs around his waist, and kissed him. 
When he finally left, his eyes were dark with the look. Their wonderful scents lingered around her house and especially filled her bedroom. Unless she washed her sheets, which she totally would not do for a while yet, she’d smell Dominic when she went to bed. 
Today was going to be a good day.
Or so she thought.
It was roughly five hours later that shit hit the fan. Felicity had to admit she didn’t see it coming.
Felicity was on the internet doing some furious shopping to find the right color drapery for Dom’s presidential party when a car pulled up outside. She didn’t think anything of the car; she did have neighbors after all.
But she distinctly heard Graham’s voice cut through the air like a knife. “What the hell are you doin’ ‘ere?”
Graham was some kind of Irish or Scottish, Felicity didn’t know which but apparently when he got angry the accent grew heavy and he lost H’s in the battle.
“Get ‘er out of ‘ere!”
Silence followed. Silence that had Felicity wishing she had fancy tinted windows so she could see outside. The boarded up window thing she and many others did worked great for the daytime, but not so great at night when she could actually go outside comfortably.
There was a strange sound. Felicity pressed her ear to the front door and listened carefully. Was that...sobbing? Just as she was finally considering opening the door a brisk knock sounded right at her ear.
Wincing as her ear throbbed, Felicity opened the door.
Then her jaw hit the floor.
Helena Blackmoore stood on Felicity’s front porch. She wore a form fitting black satin gown that fell all the way to the ground and was held up over one shoulder. The fabric rolled in waves and it looked truly beautiful. Of course, Helena was a beautiful woman with thick dark red hair, piercing blue eyes, and delicate, feminine features.
Felicity straightened and didn’t have to look at herself to know she wore a pair of old jeans, a ratty t-shirt, and couldn’t look anywhere as lovely as Helena did even if she wore a fancy dress.
“May I come in, Ms. Shaw?”
Felicity blinked, too stunned to speak, and then stepped aside to allow her in. Before she closed the door she saw Graham and one of her Were guards, Thomas, having some fierce words with each other.
Felicity leaned on the door as she turned back to Helena. Her eye twitched at seeing such a stunning woman inside her rundown apartment. It’s not like she didn’t keep it clean. In fact, since she had such a small space she had to keep everything ultra-organized else she might go nuts. But she had yet to clean up the pile of wood that had once been a kitchen chair in her kitchen/dining room. It’s not that she’d forgotten about it. On the contrary, every time she looked at it she saw the image of Dominic looking stunned sitting on her kitchen floor and she couldn’t help but giggle.
Helena looked like a goddess standing in a garbage heap. What was she on the way to a freaking ball? Felicity’s defenses rose sharply as Helena’s sweeping gaze took in everything while giving nothing away.
Finally, she turned in a soft swish of fabric. “Dominic was here. You’ve fucked him.”
“Excuse me?” Felicity couldn’t have heard what she thought she just heard.
Helena’s eyes were watchful. “I can smell him. Do you forget that I was his bruid for hundreds of years? I know what his scent smells like and he’s all over this place.”
Felicity crossed her arms. “What do you want?”
Helena smiled and it reminded Felicity of a cat that had just pounced on a mouse. “Seeing as you’re fucking my mate I thought it wise to meet my adversary face to face.”
A flicker of unease flew through Felicity. “He’s separated from you. It’s final. You are no longer his bruid.”
Helena shrugged, not denying it. Her sharp gaze fell on the large open box on the floor and Felicity stiffened. It was the centerpieces for what would have been Julianna and Dominic’s table. 
“You’re planning their mating ceremony?”
“I was.”
A thin eyebrow rose. “Was? You were fired then?”
Felicity frowned. “No, now what do you want? If you wanted to come here and see me then fine, you’ve done that. I’d like you to leave now.” Felicity opened the door and waited.
Helena slowly walked to the door. As she reached it, she paused. “You see, I guess, I’m just a little confused then. I thought you were planning Dominic’s mating ceremony. It’s only, what, less than a week away now? It’s happening the day after his big election, I believe. I just received my invitation in the mail yesterday.”
“You’re lying and I want you to go now.” Felicity’s hand squeezed the door handle. Please be lying. He said he chose me.
Graham’s spoke, his voice back under control. “Come on, Helena.”
Helena gave him a tight smile. “I would just like to leave this with you then, Ms. Shaw.” She reached into the small purse she carried beneath her arm and took out a colorful piece of paper. It looked like a page torn out of a magazine.
“I don’t want it,” Felicity said. She heard the tension in her own voice. She knew, just knew, that whatever was on the piece of paper would ruin her. Would ruin everything.
Helena shrugged and let the paper fall to the floor. She swept out of the house and Graham muttered an apology before closing the door behind her.
Felicity stared down at the slip of paper for several minutes. A woman like Helena would not come out here if she didn’t have something she really wanted Felicity to see.
The paper was folded into a square the size of a business card. The corner facing Felicity showed what looked like a woman’s hand wearing a diamond bracelet. 
A burning pain grew in Felicity’s chest making it hard to breathe. Slowly, she sank to her knees.
Maybe it was nothing and in a few minutes she’d be laughing about this. Maybe Helena just wanted to get a rise out of Felicity to play with her. 
Or maybe what was on the paper was enough to ruin everything between her and Dom. 
Felicity grabbed the paper and unfolded it in quick movements. The picture on the front sent a wave of pain straight through her heart. So much more than she could have ever imagined. She gasped and let the paper drop as if it burned her, but she couldn’t tear her eyes away from the image.
Her vision blurred, and then anger boiled inside her. Anger the likes of which she’d never felt before and it was all for the bastard Dominic Blackmoore.
Chapter 16
 
Dominic stared at his brother Vas and couldn’t keep the furious expression off his face. He was always so good at controlling himself, but not now. 
“I’m losing?” he repeated.
Vas nodded and pointed to the piece of paper he’d slipped across Dom’s desk. “The numbers are in from both sides, Weres and vampires. They’re favoring Zeke.”
Dom stared at the chart. It had a bar graph with two bars. One for Zeke and one for Dominic. Zeke’s margin was greater by fifteen percent. Fifteen percent of nearly anything else was not a great number, but in terms of votes, Dominic was screwed. He would lose if these numbers didn’t change. He’d already spoken out that he’d reform the mating laws. What else did the bloody people want? This campaign should be simple. Everyone knew he was ready to take over his father’s position and rule as he had—steadfast and sure.
“Did my motion for reforming the mating laws not change this at all?”
Vas grimaced as he leaned back in his seat. He pulled out a silver flask covered with a leather handle and drank deeply. “Those numbers were polled after you came out about that, brother. It doesn’t look good.”
“Zeke is mad and everyone knows it. I don’t see how anyone with a logical mind could vote for him. Especially the Weres. They’ll be the devastated ones. All those woman in danger.”
He’d lose. He’d lose to a fucking...mad man. The thought sent such anger through him that he couldn’t escape it. He slammed his fist onto the desk again and again.
“Hey, I didn’t say I agree with it but it’s true. Rumors are flying that people are afraid you’ll be too much like your father. Looks like people want some change around here.”
Dom’s dark eyes landed on his brother. Vasilius hated his name and thus preferred the shorter, more to the point nickname Vas. His brother had a face many found hard to look at, or if they did look then it was with morbid curiosity. It had even taken Dom a few months to get used to what his brother looked like now. He hadn’t always looked like this, but a bad past with a crazy woman had ruined him in many ways. Vas never spoke about what actually had happened to him. 
Eight years ago, he looked fine. He was dating a nice vampire named Claire then a few days later, he’s covered in ragged scars that distorted his face, and the woman was no longer talked about. At all. His family pushed and pushed him, but he’d never talk about it. Dom had even privately enlisted Grayson to investigate the matter but Claire was nowhere to be found and no one seemed to know what had happened. 
Vas was the most closed-mouthed about the subject. He would leave if anyone so much as mentioned her name. Now he worked with Grayson and was a tech guru. He helped with some of the bodyguard jobs to blow off steam, get paid, and get out of the house. He lived the life of a recluse and damn well never left his computer for long. 
Dom’s whole family was fucked, including himself, and he still loved them more than anything.
“They voted father in consecutively and they know I’m running on his same campaign. Why do they want change now?”
“Because of Zeke. The man’s different. They want reforms and change, brother. They know they’ll get it with him, but with you.” He shrugged to let his words hang in the air.
“I want a team sent after Zeke. I want him dead.”
Vas nodded. “I’ll arrange it, but he’ll be hard to kill. If we can even find him.”
“I have five days until the election. Get it done now.”
A soft knocked sounded at the door then Julianna stepped inside looking fresh and impeccable as always in a fitted white dress that demurely fell at the knee. Her eyes found Dom’s then darted to Vas and what could only be described as pure fury swam in her eyes.
Vas stiffened then gave a mocking smile as he dipped his chin to her. “My lady,” he said, his voice filled with sarcasm.
She jerked her gaze back to Dom’s and in a flash the fury left her gaze. “I’m headed out for some errands. Do you need me for anything tonight?” 
“No, not until tomorrow. We have a campaign ball to attend at the Kensington’s place.”
She inclined her head then turned to leave.
“Goodbye to you too, my lady.”
Julianna’s head swung around so fast at Vas’s taunting words it was a wonder her neck didn’t snap. 
“You—” her words shook.
Vas cocked a challenging brow. “I...what?”
Her mouth moved but no words came. Then she closed the door softly behind her as she left.
“What was that about?” asked Dom.
Vas shrugged. “We didn’t get along. She didn’t much like being fetched when she tried to get away from you. Why is that anyway?”
Dom glared down at the numbers taunting him with failure. “Why’s what?”
“Have you fucked her?”
Dom shook his head. “Always crude, Vas, and no. I haven’t.”
“She’s your bruid, isn’t she? Seems to me like you’ve been spending more time with this Felicity everyone’s been talking about.”
Dom stiffened but refused to let Vas rile him. “Just because I have to mate with Julianna doesn’t mean I want to spend my time with her.”
Vas laughed low and slow. “She that bad?”
Dom shrugged. “I wouldn’t know. I don’t have any interest in her.”
Vas stood and took another swig from his flask. “Two women wanting you and you only choose one. You could have both of them, at the same time.” He groaned in pretend ecstasy. “Just think of it, brother; tied up, bound, at your mercy.”
Dom’s gut clenched at the thought of Felicity and Julianna together with him. “I don’t think so.”
Vas’s phone beeped and he checked it with a frown. “I gotta go. I’ll get a team on Zeke, but I can’t make any promises.”
Dom stared at the gap in his chart. He was going to lose the race.
“Do whatever is necessary. I want him dead.”
Nodding, Vas left Dom to his thoughts.
Striding to the warming oven, Dom pulled out a glass of heated blood and drank it down in three gulps. He waited for the blood to take effect, for his body to relax, but it didn’t happen. He was too amped up from the stress.
He was facing the biggest election of his life against a lunatic alpha. He had to mate with a woman he didn’t know or care to know. He was in---
His thoughts cut short.
Was he? Could he be?
His heart pounded. A thick knot formed in his throat making it painful to swallow.
He looked over the railing to the fireplace below where he’d first seen Felicity Shaw walk into his study. She’d walked in here strong, but nervous and beautiful. She’d taken his breath away and filled him with a ravenous need he’d never felt before. In under an hour, he’d kissed her and had been ready to take her on the floor. 
He’d thought she was his bruid. A heavy weight sat on his chest that steadily got heavier and heavier. She should be his bruid. 
He realized the truth with stunning clarity.
He loved Felicity Shaw. 
She was strong, beautiful, smart, funny, and imperfect. She made him want to be better. She made him want to step down from his lofty position and change. He wanted to take care of her, for her to rely on him to protect her. He wanted that distinct honor on his hands. He wanted her smiling at him, waking up next to him with her soft smile. He wanted all that gorgeous arousal she had for him and he wanted to taste it, touch it, every single day until he knew her inside and out.
He had to speak to her. He had to tell her. And he had to do it now.
Dom strode to his desk, picked up his phone, and dialed her number. The phone rang on and on. He hung up and called her cell phone again. He’d paid her bill for the next twelve months so her phone couldn’t be shut off. There was no reason she shouldn’t be at home and answering her damn phone right now.
Slamming the phone down he disconnected the call and dialed Graham.
The guard answered immediately. “Aye?”
“Put Felicity on the phone.”
A heavy pause. “I don’t think that’s such a good idea, Dom.”
Dom’s breathing grew heavy as anger filled him. Something was wrong. Something bad. He knew it deep in his soul as surely as he knew he loved her.
“Mind telling me why?”
A long sigh then, “She said she doesn’t want to speak to you. She said you might try calling one of us to get through to her.”
The muscle beneath Dom’s right eye twitched. “What?”
Surely he hadn’t heard any of that correctly.
“She’s been acting strange ever since Helena came by. I tried not to let her in but the stupid guard on duty let her pass.”
The floor was taken out from under him. Dom collapsed back into his char. 
Helena. At Felicity’s. 
He knew without being told that Helena had fucked everything up.
“What do you mean she’s been acting strange. Strange how, Graham?”
“She’s been acting real quiet and she’s getting dressed up. I think she’s going out.”
“I want you to drive her straight here.”
“I can’t do that, Dom.”
“Excuse me? I couldn’t have heard you correctly,” Dom said slowly. Churning, hot anger built inside his cold bones.
“Your brother pays me, not you, Dom. I’m sorry, man.”
“Never mind. I’ll be right there.”
Another heavy pause. “Not sure that’s a good idea.”
“I don’t care what you think.”
Dom slammed the phone down and was out of the house in the next second. His heart raced in a way it never had before, in dread.
He drove too fast to be safe but arrived at her house just as her front door opened and she stepped out. Her eyes flew to his and he had a moment to see sorrow there before her expression grew blank.
What the hell is going on here? 
She knows about the lie, you ass.
He wanted to roar and take off heads, and most of all, he wanted to tear that blank expression off her face until she was smiling up at him again. He jammed the car into park then hopped out of his seat.
“What’s going on here?”
Graham stepped in front of him blocking him from Felicity. His body tensed as he locked eyes with the bodyguard. A deadly cold came over him, readying him to fight.
“Step aside, Graham.”
“I can’t do that, Dom.”
Dom took a step forward ready to let his fist get acquainted with the stupid bodyguard.
Then she spoke. “It’s okay, let him up.”
Dom glared at Graham as he slowly stepped to the side, then Dom mounted the steps to her front door. He kept waiting for her to smile and tell him with was a game or a joke, but she didn’t.
Instead, she stood in her doorway, blocking it. She looked incredible. She wore a flowing black skirt that fell to her knees, a pair of high heels that did incredible things to her calf muscles and showed off trim ankles, and a soft pink blouse that fit her breasts perfectly while showing off her slender neck. A lovely neck that he wanted to curl his hands around so he could feel her pulse pounding as she rode him; a neck he wanted to lick every inch of until he finally, slowly, sank his fangs into her and tasted her.
“Going out?” he said.
“Yes, I am.”
One hand curled into a fist. He looked away to reign in his temper then looked back down at her. “You mind explaining how I left here this morning after nearly fucking you and now you’re giving me the cold shoulder?”
A blink was the only sign she gave that she heard him. “Stay here.”
She walked into the house, grabbed something off the kitchen table, then held it out to him. His gut clenched. It was bad. Whatever was on the paper was the cause of all of this change. 
Dom grabbed the paper and felt his blood run cold.
It was a picture of him and Julianna at a campaign ball only a few nights ago. She was smiling demurely up at him and he had his hand tucked around her waist. The picture was taken at one of the balls he’d taken Julianna to after he told Felicity that he’d broken it off with Julianna. The headline above the magazine article read: V-Society’s most glamorous new couple! 
Fuck.
“I can explain.”
Could he? He had lied, after all. He would have done anything, would still do anything, to keep her close.
“I’d love to hear that, but if you’ll excuse me I have somewhere to be.”
She squeezed past him and locked the front door.
“Where are you going?”
“That’s none of your business.”
“Bullshit it isn’t.”
Still she didn’t scream at him, didn’t hit him. She wouldn’t even look at him. The pain in his chest was crushing.
“Felicity, please—”
“Don’t,” she said, and then strode down the steps. Toward Graham
He followed her, panic and anger mixing into something desperate and ugly. “I can explain this.”
“I really don’t care.” To Graham she smiled softly. “I’m ready now.”
The bodyguards filed in the SUV as they prepared to take her wherever she was going. She looked ready for a night on the town.
Dom considered his options. He could stand there like an idiot and watch his woman drive away with her guards or he could do something about it.
He decided. In a flash, he had Felicity over his shoulder and shoved into the passenger seat of his car. Graham rounded on him and Dom let loose a punch that broke teeth before the guard had a chance to move. The other guards hesitated. After all, Grayson might have hired them but Gray was Dom’s brother. He could see the apprehension of attacking their boss’s brother glinting in their eyes.
“She’s coming with me. You can follow us or not, that’s up to you.”
He stared them down. Graham wiped the blood from his mouth looking furious and ready for a fight, but he turned and nodded to his team. “We’ll follow behind. Do anything stupid, Dom, and I’ll take you out. You hear me?”
Felicity tried to get out of the car, but he shoved her back inside and slammed the door shut. Racing to the other side, he had the car in drive and peeled out before she could try to jump out.
It took several minutes before he felt calm enough to speak. “I deserve an explanation,” he said.
She snorted. “I don’t think you deserve anything.”
“So you know about...” 
She let out a laugh that sounded a lot as if she was trying not to cry. He cast a glance at her to make sure she wasn’t. He couldn’t handle her tears right now. Right now he needed to fix this, he needed to be as close to her as possible. He had to bring them back together. He needed her. He loved her.
“Yes, I know that you lied to me, Dom. I know that you didn’t really break off the engagement with Julianna. I know that you’re still mating with her in a few days, and I know that the reason you didn’t want me to stop working on the decorations for the mating ceremony is because there will still be one. And here I thought everything was finally going my way.” She laughed bitterly, the sound cracking a place in his heart.
“I did lie—”
“I know you did,” she snapped.
He continued over her interruption. “I lied because I know I need to mate with Julianna to help secure enough votes for the presidency, and I can’t let you go. You’re mine Felicity. I’d do anything to keep you. I can’t tell you how sorry I am about this.”
She laughed again. “You’re not sorry. You’re smart and you were smart enough to know exactly what you were doing when you did it. You got what you wanted, for a short while anyway. Lady Julianna will still be yours but I guess I didn’t hold up my end of the bargain. You didn’t get to fuck me.”
“I have not fucked either of you,” he growled.
“At least there is that.”
“I care nothing for her.”
Suddenly, she spun in her seat to face him. Her eyes blazed with raw, bright pain. “Then why don’t you leave her and take me instead!”
Her outburst stunned him. Not that he hadn’t had the same idea, but at her enthusiasm at the idea. She wanted him as much as he did her. That knowledge made the pressure over his heart ease considerably. If she cared then she wouldn’t really leave him.
“Felicity, it’s not that easy. Our people need a strong vampire as president. You know this.”
“Don’t tell me what you think I know.”
He ground his teeth as his patience slipped a notch. “I’m sorry I hurt you. I never meant to. I’m asking you to forgive me, please.” God, it hurt to say the words. To beg and plead, but for her he’d do it.
“What did you think would happen? Honestly? Did you think I wouldn’t find out? Did you think that come the day of the ceremony I wouldn’t figure out that it wasn’t a presidential party, but a fucking mating ceremony? I’m not stupid, Dom.”
“I don’t think you are,” he said between tight teeth.
“Apparently you do. What does Julianna have to say about this? I’m sure as your bruid she’s none too happy that you were in my bed this morning.”
“She doesn’t know anything about it, and I haven’t touched her.”
She glared at him with bright eyes. “You’ll have to after the ceremony to make it complete. I guess it won’t be so hard for you having been so long without a woman and all.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” 
“Did you do all of this just to sleep with me? You had to have known I’d find out about the mating with it only being only days away. Did you tell me that you broke it off with her just so you could fuck me?”
His hands gripped the steering so hard the leather creaked. “No,” he bit out.
“Funny, I don’t believe you.”
“I’m not lying.” 
He’d lied because he couldn’t stand the thought of losing her and he’d do anything to keep her. He wanted so much more from her than a fuck. He wanted her smiles, her conversations, her everything. 
Her eyes cut to him, then cut him to the quick. “That’s the thing about lying, it breaks one’s trust. Now I can’t tell your lies from the truth, Dom.” She lifted her chin and stared out the front window. “Drop me off at the nearest corner. I don’t want to be around you.”
His chest had a crushing weight on it. He hissed in a breath at her blow. “I can’t let you go, Felicity. I care too much.”
She didn’t say anything for a long minute and he glanced over at her to find her blinking rapidly trying to fight back tears.
“Fuck!” His fist slammed into the steering wheel with each outburst “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!”
She didn’t jump at his outburst, but she did stiffen and he hated that too. 
“Pull over,” she repeated softly.
“No, I’m taking you to the estate.”
She tensed. “I really don’t want to be there. We might run into your bruid, after all.”
He hissed at the low jab. “Sweets, you really know how to fight, don’t you?”
She shook her head. “This isn’t about knowing how to fight. It’s about being honest. You lied to me. You made me believe you when this whole time you were never going to leave her. You were never going to give me a chance. It was always her,” she said raggedly, softly, her voice tortured.
“Baby—”
“Take me home!” she screamed, the sound nearly making his ears bleed.
“I can’t do that.” He looked over at her. Tears glimmered in her eyes, her forehead was creased with stress lines, her mouth pulled into a deep frown, and still she made his heart ache. “Don’t you see? I fucking love you, Felicity. I can’t let you go.”
She started blinking fast. “What did you say?” Her ragged whisper tore his heart in half.
“I said I fucking love you.” His cheeks burned at baring his soul, but if that’s what it took he’d do it a thousand times a day for the rest of his life.
Suddenly her small fist slammed into his cheek. His head jerked left as throbbing pain burst at his jawline. She had quite the punch.
“What the fuck!”
Her chest heaved, her teeth bared, and eyes glowed red as the vampire in her came out. “I hate you.”
“Well, I love you.”
“If you loved me then you’d make me your bruid!”
He stilled and for a brief moment, considering it. They’d plaster her name everywhere. They’d find every little piece of dirt possible on her from her history to her mother's to her father's. They would leave no stone unturned and they’d do it within a matter of hours. Word would spread fast. With Zeke playing ugly, he’d make certain the rumors spread were nasty. Julianna was safe and had an impeccable past; her family untouched by scandal. Not even Zeke could find dirt on her, but Felicity... Dom had seen Vas’s file on her. They had enough there to make her family look bad which would in turn make her look bad. It wouldn’t work. Then again, with Julianna on his side he was losing the race.
“I love you but I can’t make you my bruid. The campaign would be a sure loss.”
“I hate you.” 
Dom rubbed at the twinge in his ribcage, but nothing he did could make it go away. His body felt ragged down to his bones with pain. He pulled up the long drive of his estate and put the car in park.
“Felicity...listen, damn, I’m sorry. I’m sorry about all of this, but I wouldn’t take it back, not if it meant taking back what we had last night and this morning.”
She shook her head slowly. “This is just about sex, isn’t it? Well, if you’re so pent up for it then you can go see your bruid. I’m leaving.”
She slammed out of the car and he followed her, hot on her heels, anger surging. He caught her elbow and spun her around. 
“Is she inside?” she said.
“Julianna? No, she went out.”
“Well, I suggest you go find her, because I’m through with you. You’ll have to get your rocks off with her.” She snapped her arm out of his grasp and stalked away in angry steps, her eyes bright with unshed tears.
That’s it. He’d had enough. He was through her attitude. 
Intense panic swelled inside him and was about to burst. She’d leave him and he’d never truly know her. Pure male, animal instincts took over.
Stalking after her, Dom halted in front of her, grabbed her hair in a fist and crushed her body against his.
“You’re not leaving me. And if you leave today it’s because I let you go. Now I’m going to finally do what I’ve wanted to do since I first saw you, sweets.” Her eyes flashed and inside he danced a small victory. “That’s right, baby. I’m going to finally make you mine in the only way a man can. Are you ready for that?” He brought her closer so she could feel the rigid line of his arousal.
“You need to stop this right now and let me go,” she said calmly. 
Too calmly for his enraged mind. How could she be calm at a time like this? When the whole world felt like it was spinning out of control?
“Listen to me now,” he said and watched a sliver of panic flare in her eyes. “I’m going to give you two choices. One, you follow me to my bedroom and we do this the nice way, or two...” he dipped his head low so their lips almost kissed. “I’m going to take you here in full view of my front yard where I’ll make you moan and scream so loud, sweets, that everyone is going to hear it.” He paused. “Now choose.”
“If you do this, so help me, I’ll never forgive you.” Her voice shook with raw emotion.
Dom lips split into a slow grin. “No, you won’t. You love me just as much as I love you.”
Felicity stood frozen before him, then she moved and the action was so unexpected she took him off guard. Or, at least that’s what he told himself when her knee jerked up and landed between his legs. She sprinted for the house and he happened to have a feeling she wouldn’t be running for his bedroom.
The little minx was probably headed for his mother the only soul who might be able to stop him from taking her.
Dominic hissed out a slow, painful breath and then he took off after his woman ready to claim what was his.
Chapter 17
 
She didn’t make it far. Not by a long shot.
“You made the wrong choice, Felicity.” 
Strong hands surrounded her, crushed their bodies together. There was no mistaking the hard prod against her lower back.
Felicity gasped, struggling to control the fire burning inside her. She wanted him so badly. How is it she could love and hate the same person so much? 
“We can’t.” The aching words were torn from her throat. 
His hands swept up to cup her breasts—his touch possessive as he molded the flesh. She shivered, her knees nearly giving out on her. She might have fallen if he didn’t keep hold of her. 
“Yes we can, and we are. I’m not waiting any longer.” He’d finally decided. This was really going to happen and nothing she could do would stop it. She wasn’t sure she really wanted to stop it. A big part of her wanted this. To know him before she left him for good, because she couldn’t forgive him for doing this.
He released her and reason came flooding back. No, they couldn’t do this. So many lives would be destroyed including her own. She shoved him knocking him off balance with the action. She didn’t hesitate but sprinted down the hall away from him. She had to get out of here. She had to get away from him. If she could only get away then everything would be fine. She would be safe from him.  
She slowed as she rounded through the kitchen, her stupid heels slipping on the marble tiles. She didn’t have time to damn her poor choice in shoes because a hard, heavy body slammed into hers.
Rough hands caught hers and planted them above her head on the garage door. She was breathless and he hadn’t even touched her yet. Her eyes squeezed shut—this was so wrong yet she craved his touch with every fiber of her being.
“I’m done waiting. We end this torture now,” he said, a growl.
A shiver swept down her spine at his words, at the promise in them. She couldn’t catch her breath. Her body burned; she was ready for him. 
She gave into him then—into his addicting caresses. It was so much easier than fighting it. She shouldn’t do it, but she’d never wanted anything more in her life.
“Dom...” she murmured, and with that one word gave him all the permission he needed. One word, a name that had been haunting her for what felt like an eternity. The name she hated as much as she loved.
Her skirt slid to her ankles with a touch. She held on to the door as cool air touched her bare bottom. Her underwear hid nothing from his gaze. She could feel it burning into her skin like beams of light. Those addicting hands caressed her bottom, squeezed.
“You have the greatest ass, sweets.” He groaned deep in his throat as he tucked his fingers inside her panties and sent the material fluttering down around her ankles.
A heavy pulse beat between her legs and an equal weight beat in her heart—for him. No matter how wrong this was, she wanted this. She wanted her Dominic Blackmoore.
He swept her hair over one shoulder, baring her neck to him. A wicked thrill shot up her spine and she arched her neck for him—a small taunt, beckoning him, daring him to take from her. He growled again, louder, and she heard the hiss of his zipper so loud in the quiet house.  
“Don’t tempt me, Felicity. Not now. My control is at an end and I will take your vein,” he threatened, his voice as deep as a pit.
Her body relaxed, a smile crossing her mouth as her eyes fluttered shut. “If we’re going to do this then do it all the way, Dom.” 
Another groan, this one deeper and impatient. She wondered what he thought of her words. Would he do it? Would he take from her?
He cupped her hips and arched her backside towards him. His hard cock dipped over her drenched folds eliciting a moan from her dry lips. This was it. This was the moment she’d craved from the very first day she met him. She’d finally have him; finally know what it felt like to have him moving inside her. But she would never be his after this. He would get this one time. And that was all.
Their ragged breaths created music in the air. He found her entrance and slowly pushed his way inside. He spread her, the pressure so intense it bordered on pain. He glided inside her using her slippery arousal from her own traitorous body. Pushing centimeter by centimeter, savoring this first slide. Her muscles spread around his length, his hard shaft filling her with a conquering, unrelenting pressure. 
A shocked cry tore from her throat, one mixed with pain and pleasure. Her forehead fell into the door as her body adjusted around his thickness.
He pressed hot open-mouthed kisses over her neck while he held himself still inside her. And his hands, those cursed, wonderful hands, entwined with hers on the door, securing her place in his arms, trapping her. Caging her so she couldn’t run.
Then he started moving. Gentle, but unforgiving in hard strokes that dragged through her tight muscles and awakened erotic pleasure she’d never experienced before. 
“Dom,” she breathed.
They breathed hard together, both caught in the web of pleasure. His thrusts grew faster in a rhythm designed to pleasure her, and it did, effortlessly. Her toes curled into her shoes as she arched back that little inch further so his heavy sac slapped against her wet flesh.
A strangle cry escaped her lips. It was perfect, so perfect. She couldn’t keep her mouth closed as she sucked in sawing breaths. He didn’t relent but tightened his grip on her hands and pounded into her harder, faster until their skin slapped together and their groans filled the air.
Each stroke went down to her soul. Her heart had never beat so fast, and when her body couldn’t burn any hotter, couldn’t handle any more of the hard glide quickening inside her, it locked tight around his cock. The rush of pleasure exploded inside her.
Vision fled, thoughts fled. She was suspended in a moment of time with him as he plummeted into her again and again as her body lovingly encased him, milking him.
He cursed in a ragged voice. “Felicity, fuck. I can’t,” he landed deep then ground his hips against her, “I can’t stop.”
Before she knew what he meant, he broke the skin of her neck with his fangs. She jerked at the surprised action, but then she felt the deep pulls at her neck as he drank from her. Her fading pleasure spiked once more and her body bowed into his until they were in perfect sync: him commanding her body and her taking it. 
They shared the most intimate exchange they could. The only thing more sacred would be for her to take his blood too. It was beautiful and the most erotic thing she’d ever felt. 
Wet warmth bloomed at her neck and shot down to her nipples, her belly, and her clitoris like little fingers tugging at her. The pleasure became intense all at once, at each of his pulls as if he could steadily wring another orgasm from only his lips at her neck.
The pleasure became too much for him. His hold tightened almost painfully, his rock hard cock seemed to grow harder, longer. He hammered into her faster, harder until the sounds of pounding flesh and ragged breathing echoed around them. Growling deep, he wrapped his hands around her waist to hold her to him.
She shouldn’t like it. It was all so very wrong. But she didn’t want him to stop.
Then his warm mouth locked tight to the wound on her neck and he planted his cock deep. Hot seed spurted in wet splashes inside her. He let out his release on a husky growl that reverberated down to her core. His fangs dislodged and he licked at the wound to seal it in lazy, wet strokes. 
They caught their breaths as the aftermath started to creep in. Her mind still hadn’t returned to normal. She knew she should be running right now but she wanted this so badly—these few moments of them together, closer than they’d ever been. Her heart galloped reminding her of how deep she had it for this man.
“So beautiful,” he said. “So perfect.”
One of his hands slipped up to caress her collarbone. His touch was gentle, lingering. He reached down and cupped one breast then the other before flattening his hand on her stomach and trailing it down until his fingers curled around his shaft still planted deep and firm inside her. His fingers caressed her wet swollen flesh, dipping and sliding along her lips and bud.
The sound of the front door opening and slamming closed was like a bucket of ice water thrown on her face.
In a flash, Felicity righted her clothes but she couldn’t quite keep the tears of hurt from coming to her eyes.
“How could you?” 
It took even less time than she would have expected to see regret flash across his face. That alone felt like a blow to the gut. Stupid, but she supposed a part of her still hoped that after he’d taken her he’d do more than profess his love to her—he’d forsake Julianna and take her. Only her. What good was having his love if he’d spend the rest of his years next to another woman? Eventually he’d grow to care for her, maybe even father children. The thought was so painful she winced as her heart throbbed.
His head jerked towards the front of the house at the sound of high heels coming their way.
“You know how I feel, Felicity. God damn it!” As if that made any of this better. As if that erased her shame or changed anything.
He pulled his pants up and with little adjusting managed to make his suit looked neatly pressed as if he’d just put it on. Even his hair looked freshly combed and smooth, not a hair out of place. She had no doubt how she looked though—like she’d just been fucked against a door.
He knew how she felt and even against her wishes he did it. He touched her. A tear she couldn’t contain slid down her cheek. He wiped it away with his thumb, his face softening.
But, truth be told, she wasn’t angry at him. She was angry at herself. For giving in to him, when she shouldn't have. 
“Don’t cry, sweets.”
She couldn’t stand the endearment. Not now, not when her whole heart was breaking.
The footsteps came closer for which she thanked the stars. It helped her to get her bearings and move, no easy feat after feeling him inside her for the first time.
“Don’t ever touch me again,” she said. She meant it and she knew he heard the conviction in her voice. 
He’d never touch her again after that. She was done.
Quickly, she slipped behind the garage door. She knew she should flee but some masochistic part of her made her pause outside the door. She stayed and listened.
“Ah, there you are. I didn’t know if you were here still,” a warm, feminine voice said.
“Julianna, you’re back early.” She could hear the smile in Dom’s voice and knew it was forced. The sound of him kissing Julianna hit her heart like a lethal blow. She staggered back a step as her heart stopped beating for one agonizing moment. 
She’d bet money that Julianna didn’t know that his smile was forced, the kiss not real. She probably didn’t know anything about him and, if she did, it didn’t matter because no one loved Dom like she did. No one. Not even Julianna, the woman he was to mate with. 
Not me, Felicity thought.
Another tear slid down her cheek. She wanted to sob but first she had to escape. She could never be around Dom again, no matter how much she loved him or what he promised. A part of her couldn’t help but think how fruitless her efforts would be. He would never leave her alone. He’d find her. It was his nature.
He didn’t love her. He couldn’t and still be with another woman. 
And he was mating with her in only a few days.
Felicity raced to his SUV and shoved the valet about to get into the car. She pushed the young man away and growled. “Don’t!”
Then she got into the car and drove fast.
Chapter 18
 
Dom laid a kiss on Julianna’s pale cheek.
“I hope you had a nice trip out.” Dom stiffened as he strained, listening for Felicity. Where had she gone? She couldn’t leave him now, not with unfinished business standing between them. 
“It was fine.”
Dom gave Julianna a stiff smile then took a step towards the garage door. “If you’ll excuse me, I have business to attend to.”
“Business with Felicity Shaw?”
Dom froze, then slowly faced the woman he had to mate with. “What of her?”
“I can smell you both in the air. Just a few minutes ago you were inside her body.”
A flush marked his face. “That is very inappropriate to speak about.” 
For someone like Julianna, Dom thought.
She shrugged, her face still unreadable but pleasant to look upon. “I’m afraid I have a problem.”
“And what might that be?” His fists clenched. Felicity was getting away!
Her clear blue eyes flew to his. “I don’t want to mate with you.”
A heavy silence filled the room. Dom sucked in a slow breath as he processed this. “Excuse me?” 
“I said I don’t wish to mate with you.”
“Yes, I heard that,” he snapped. Dom ran a hand through his hair. His body had sweat from taking Felicity and drops of perspiration licked at his skin. In jerky movements, he whipped off his suit jacket and gripped it in a fist lest he do something childish like tear it in half. “Why?”
She lifted a honey colored eyebrow. “You have no feelings for me. You have not attempted whatsoever to endear yourself to me. You have ignored me from the moment our engagement was announced. You care for another woman. Even after I tried to end the engagement by simply leaving, you didn’t fetch me yourself but sent your brother. You care nothing for me and I care nothing for you. Let’s end this amicably, Mr. Blackmoore.”
“Call me Dominic,” he said automatically.
“I do not feel comfortable speaking to you so familiarly, Mr. Blackmoore.”
Dom reeled back in shock. Then, slowly, he laughed. The heavy weight that had been crushing his chest and shoulders lifted. He couldn’t mate with this woman. She couldn’t even call him by his first name. She was too traditional, too proper, too prim. Simply put, she was not Felicity Shaw. A strange, overwhelming joy grew inside him. Nothing would stand in his way of her now. Nothing. He would have Felicity Shaw. She would be his.
“I am sorry,” he found himself saying.
She nodded. “I will break off the engagement publicly.”
Dom frowned. “Your father will not like this.” Mr. Greenwich had been looking forward to the union of the two families with more gusto than anyone else. “If you break the engagement, there will be consequences to your reputation. I’ll do it and spare you. I will speak with your father.”
Julianna smiled a soft, pretty smile and nodded. “Perfect, but he must truly believe that we will not suit and it cannot be made my fault. If it is then I’ll tell people the truth. I’ll hold no blame for this.”
If she told people the truth then her father could take Dom to the council and force the marriage on him.
Dom laughed. “You have some guts, Julianna.”
Her smile grew into something that resembled a grin. “I will pack my belongings and leave. Goodbye, Mr. Blackmoore.”
As soon as Julianna left the room, Dom had his phone out and Vas on the other line. “Yeah?” his brother said.
“The engagement’s off. Get word out that Felicity Shaw will be my bruid. She’s young, smart, and fresh. Make sure everyone sees that pure innocence. I want everyone to know that she comes from a poor background and that she represents the average woman whether vampire or Were. You got that?”
Dominic could hear Vas take a long drag on a cigarette. “Yeah, you know this might work.”
“Yeah, I know. She’s been the answer all along. Run it to every magazine, newspaper, and spread the word to every bigwig we know and do it now. I want everyone who can vote to have heard of her before morning. I expect to see that fifteen per cent gap closed by tomorrow night.”
Dominic hung up as he stepped outside. Immediately he noticed his SUV was gone. Yussef, the young valet, sprinted from the side entrance. “My apologies sir, she took the vehicle. What would you like me to do about it?”
Dom didn’t hesitate to answer. “Get me a car. I’m going after her.”
 
 
* * * * *
 
Felicity sat on a cozy suede sofa in Beth’s house. She was tired down to her bones. She tried to think back to when she ever had a day such as this one and couldn’t think of one. It was quite unique by her standards. Yet as she sat in Beth’s house, she found she didn’t want to talk about herself—at all—she wanted to talk about Beth. 
Beth whose concert posters of LBB no longer hung on the walls, who CD of LBB didn’t play on the stereo, and who had a hardness to her eyes that hadn’t been there before. Even her limp looked exaggerated as if stress weighed her down. 
“Tell me what happened,” she told Beth.
Beth finished pouring a cup of tea then limped into the living room and took a seat across from Felicity. She curled her legs under her, stirring her tea in idle circles and watching the swirling brown liquid. “He asked me out. I went with him.”
“You went out with Lucas Blackmoore?”
“Yeah.” Beth took a sip of her tea.
“Where’d he take you?”
“We went to the most expensive restaurant I’ve ever been in. There weren’t even prices next to the food, no kidding. I only found out how much everything cost because I got a peek at the bill before we left.”
“I take it you aren’t distraught because Lucas Blackmoore ran after you at one of his concerts. Or because he took you to his house, kissed you, and then took you out on a nice date.”
Beth smiled, it was a small one, but Felicity would take what she could get. “Nope, that was the good stuff. A few days after the impromptu kiss, I received a letter in the mail with a single ticket, upper balcony seats near the stage for one of his concerts. Not only that, they came with a VIP backstage pass.”
Felicity heard an ache in Beth’s voice as if talking about this hurt. Felicity didn’t know what the problem was yet, but she’d make sure Lucas Blackmoore paid for what he did to her friend.
“So what happened?” Felicity found her hands interlacing in a fierce grip as waited for the bad news. Something had hurt her friend terribly to make her abandon her love for LBB. A love she’d carried for years.
Beth threw back the last of her tea then slammed the teacup onto the coffee table in one violent clatter. The porcelain clanged against the spoon and Felicity waited to see it break, but it didn’t. Beth stood and paced. Her right knee sagged lower with each step she took and Felicity knew it must hurt to walk on, but she never stopped.
“So, I slowly make my way downstairs toward the back of the theater after the concert. I’m nervous, right? I’m there alone and I have a backstage pass. The concert’s packed so it’s slow moving, but I finally get there, flash my VIP pass to some burly man, and get let through a series of rooms,” she paused and dragged in a deep breath. When she leveled her eyes on Felicity they were raw, not with pain, but anger. “You wanna know how I found him?”
Not really. Wherever this was going had to be bad, bad, for Beth to give up her obsession over Lucas Blackmoore. “What’d you see, honey?” 
In her mind, Felicity conjured up horrible images of a vampire orgy. Some still had them, but usually in private by the wealthy. A mixture of humans, Weres, and vampires would get together to have sex while sharing each other’s blood and bodies in the most intimate way vampires could. Some orgies were rumored to go on for days.
“I walked in there and froze. He was completely naked. Some woman was sucking his cock like it was her job, and another was draped over him. He was kissing her like he was trying to swallow her tongue. The girls were butt-ass naked. That’s what I walked in on.”
Felicity’s stomach plummeted. What Beth described was not quite a vampire orgy but close. “Oh, Beth I’m so sorry. I had no idea he was like that.”
Beth grunted, her strong legs pacing and with each step, her bad leg wobbled. “What’s worse, what’s actually worse, Fel, is that he looks up at me, right? He sees me standing there like a damned idiot and he looks all surprised to me. He invited me there! Then he throws the girls off him and starts coming after me. I bolted the fuck out of there.”
“Did he catch up with you?”
“He tried to, but I went through the theater so all the other fans saw him wearing nothing. They surrounded him like a pack of rabid animals. I was just so mad, so hurt. It felt like he betrayed me. I know it’s stupid but it did. Before I left, I looked him in the eyes over the hundreds of faces surrounding him and told him I hated him. I know he heard me because his jaw clenched like he was pissed. He ain’t got anything to be pissed about. That was the last I’ve seen of him. The last I want to see.”
Felicity let out a low whistle as her eyes searched Beth’s empty looking house again. “I take it you’re off the LBB bandwagon then, for sure?”
Beth sat down and her shoulders sagged. Her hands covered her face as she shook her head. “Yeah, I’m done. He played me or was trying to play me. I’m glad I saw what I saw, Fel, because if I hadn’t then I might have gotten hurt. Hurt bad. I don’t want a man who needs dozens of other women in his life to please him. I want a man who needs just me. For a few dumb days there, I thought maybe it’d be him.”
Felicity didn’t voice her concern that he’d already managed to hurt her pretty badly or that she’d held on to the thought of him being the “one” for years, not days. “What a dick,” Felicity said.
Beth snorted then snorted again until she slowly started to laugh. Smiling, Felicity sat next to her friend. She wrapped an arm around her shoulders and hugged her.
“I’m sorry, Beth. Seriously, what an asshole. I’m glad you found out early on.”
“Yeah, me too,” Beth said, her voice hollow. “Well, you said you wanted to go out. Let’s go out. I’m putting him behind me, for real.”
Nodding, Felicity looked down at her skirt and heels. She’d dressed up tonight because she and Beth were going to a club for some much needed girl time. That was before things had taken an unexpected turn. Now she felt a tight soreness between her legs where Dominic had taken her. She’d never be able to look at this skirt again and not think of him. She’d have to burn it.
Beth grabbed a cream leather jacket and pulled on some sexy calf-high boots with buckles over the top of the foot. Midnight Smoke was their club of choice. It had a good atmosphere with people around Beth’s age, which worked out perfectly for Felicity too. Since vampires aged slowly she still looked like she was in her early twenties. 
 However, when Beth opened the door to leave, a large, irritated male blocked their way. His dark eyes blazed with anger and he trained them right on Felicity.
Felicity unfroze herself from shock. Surprise gripped her, making her voice a shout. “What are you doing here? Did you follow me?” 
Beth wisely stepped out of the way so Felicity could march up to Dominic Blackmoore. A man whose car she had “borrowed” to get away from him, but she’d wisely left in a block down the street and had walked to Beth’s. The arrogant bastard lifted his chin a notch. As if to say, what of it, babe?
“As soon as possible I did, yes.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re mine and tonight that became official.”
Mortification reddened her cheeks. “As if I need to be reminded in front of my friend of what we, I mean you, did tonight.”
He shook his head. “No, I mean after that. I’m no longer mating with Julianna Greenwich.”
Beth sucked in a breath making both Felicity and Dom send her a sharp look. Beth threw her hands up and slowly backed away. “This sounds private. I’ll just be...in the bedroom.”
After the bedroom door closed, Felicity realized she should have made Beth stay. As soon as the bedroom door closed he was in her space, wrapping his arms around her and bringing his mouth down to hers. Luckily her senses came back rather fast and she broke the kiss.
“Remember the part where I said I hate you.”
He lifted his head enough to grin, just one corner of his mouth lifting in that sexy way. “I remember that. I also remember telling you I love you. That negates your hate.”
Her heart stuttered like a jackhammer in her chest. “I don’t think that’s how it works.”
Suddenly, he turned very serious. His eyes grew hard, lips flattened and even his arms tightened around her. “Love conquers all.”
Oh god. He just said that. She couldn’t help it. She burst out laughing, and when his low, slow laughter met hers, something melted inside her. 
“You can’t love me,” she said when her laughter died. 
“Why can’t I?”
She looked around even as her hands curled into his suit shirt. “Because—because we’re from two different kinds of stock. It’d be a waste of your good genes. It’s like...mixing a thorough-bred with a mutt.”
One dark eyebrow cocked as he gave her a stern expression. “Are you comparing yourself to a thorough-bred?”
“Well, actually you were supposed to be the thorough-bred in that example, but I appreciate the compliment.”
Slowly his stern expression dissolved into the look and she melted. Her body grew warm and hyperaware of him; hyperaware of the fact that not too long ago he’d been inside her giving her rough, exquisite pleasure that she’d love to repeat again and again in a variety of styles, ways, and locations.
“Sweets, I don’t compare to you,” he said. “You’re too good for me.”
She pushed against him and strode away. “Seriously? Save the ridiculous compliments for someone who’ll believe them. You’re from, like, kings. You have tons of money, a great house, great clothes, hell even your hair is great. My mother and I don’t even speak anymore. Last I heard she and her lover whose way too young for her were living on the last of her money in a tropical climate somewhere. I am a designer who can’t get a job. I have a crappy car, a tiny, crappy home, and I’m poor. So, I’ll tell you Dominic Blackmoore I am no thorough-bred.”
When she finished her little rant, she stopped to see if any of that had sunk in. She sighed in defeat at what she saw. It had not. He looked even more stubborn if possible as if he’d just listened to the foolish rant of a child and was being exceedingly patient.
“You’re my beautiful, perfect thorough-bred. From your sweetness to your dedication to your jokes that make me laugh. I don’t know if you know this, but no one makes me laugh, Felicity. Not in ages. But you do. You make me feel happy. I look forward to something for once other than work. I look forward to seeing you. You make me want to change myself, hell even my presidential views. Tonight, Julianna broke off the engagement with me—”
“What?” she interrupted him, stunned to her core. That little fluttering butterfly of hope flapped faster in her heart. Could it really be true? This wasn’t just another lie.
“Yes, and the reason it took me so long to follow you is because I was looking for this.” He dug around in his suit jacket and came back empty handed. Growling, he reached for his other pocket and sighed, his relief palpable. In his hand was a small black velvet box.
“Oh no,” Felicity said, automatically taking a step back.
He grinned at her, enjoying her discomfort. The bastard. “Oh yes, baby. Lady Felicity Shaw, since the first day I met you you have turned my life upside down,” he began in a grand, royal voice. “You have made me angry, aroused, frustrated, and happy. You have made me experience more than I have at one time in my whole life. I’m a businessman, Felicity, and I know when to grab onto something and not let it go. You are my something, Felicity. You are mine, and I love you.” Slowly he sank down to one knee.
Her stomach clenched with nerves in a mixture of chaotic emotions. In her mind she screamed oh my god over and over again. She wished Beth would come out here and tell her if any of this was real.
That didn’t happen. All that really happened was right before her. Dominic Blackmoore was saying he loved her and he was on his knee before her offering her a stunning ring. A gorgeous black diamond ring on a gold band surrounded by sparking white diamonds. It was utterly gorgeous and unique. It looked old like a family heirloom.
“Oh, Dom... I don’t know.”
His smile slowly died, and with it a slow building panic swept up inside her. Had she lost her chance and made him angry? She was crazy for him. He was something different, something special. She wanted him all to herself. Now with Julianna out of the way they could be together. There was no other possible way they could be closer than to be mates. Her mind went rampant between hope and doubt. While she did that Dominic was busy. He slid his other knee to the ground, and then dropped his arms to his sides. His eyes were hard and determined.
“Come here.”
It was an order. One Felicity found herself answering immediately. 
As soon as she stepped into him, he wrapped his arms around her waist. She had to grab onto one of his shoulders for balance. He rubbed his cheek against her stomach. His warmth penetrated her and she found herself cupping the back of his head in an automatic response.
“Dom...” How could this man make her melt with a touch?
His hands flexed along her lower back, the tips of his fingers digging in. Her breath caught as little pulses of pleasure triggered inside her making her want to curl into him, or take him down to the floor.
“Felicity, I want you to be mine. I’m going to make you mine. When we leave here tonight, we’re doing it together and with my ring on your finger.”
Shit. Her heart pounded with each of his resounding words and her stomach plummeted through the floor. 
“Dom, I need time to think, baby. This is all so quick--” Her sentence caught on a surprised breath as his hands trailed down to cup her backside.
“I love your ass, Felicity. It was one of the first things I noticed about you. Hard not to when just looking at it makes me hard.” He squeezed, lifting and playing with her. “Damn, if you only knew the thoughts I’ve had involving your ass.”
Oh, no. He just waved a temptation in front of her face. Impossible for her to resist. She had to know.
Voice husky, she croaked, “What kind of thoughts?”
He buried his nose in her navel, nuzzling her, muffling his words. That wasn’t nearly as distracting as his hands that steadily lifted the hem of her skirt as he spoke. “Fuck, baby, if I tell you now I’ll take you right here.”
Need built fast and hard between her legs. The ache throbbed reminding her of what he’d felt like, not long ago, as he’d pistoned inside her.
“That doesn’t sound so bad,” she answered honestly.
His muffled laughter reached her ears as he palmed her bare bottom. Skin to skin. Hot hands to cool buttocks. It felt amazing, incredible. Hot as hell.
Felicity choked out a sigh as she opened her legs to give him better access. She hadn’t meant to do it. It was a natural response an invitation for him to touch her.
His breathing deepened. “Your friend is in the next room. I can’t take you here no matter how much it’s killing me not to. I can smell how wet you are.” His voice was a rough growl of sound.
He nipped at her stomach and his hands squeezed her. A moan escaped her. Thank god Beth wasn’t supernatural lest she heard the noises Felicity was making.
Dom slid a hand between her legs. Cupped her sex in a possessive grasp with his thumb covering her bud and his fingers covering her wet folds. If he but curled his fingers he could slide those thick, long fingers inside of her.
“Dom,” she choked, fisting his hair.
“Baby, mate with me. Say yes to me.”
She shook her head to clear the fog. She’d forgotten. He wanted to mate with her. He didn’t want Julianna.
“Did you love Julianna?”
The hand on her sex tightened then one long finger slowly pushed inside her. She rose to her tiptoes with the action. Her mouth fell open on a fluttery moan. She couldn’t fight her body’s response to rock into that finger as her wetness coated him.
“Never. I hardly spoke to her,” he said.
“You never touched her.”
“No, never.”
“But I heard you kiss her after you...after we...in the kitchen tonight.”
Slowly, in and out that finger rocked. All the while he kept his thumb in place over her pearly bud, unmoving. Only her rocking hips bumped her against it pushing her, making her wetter, hotter.
“On the cheek,” he growled and nipped her stomach again. “Like I could kiss her.” He made the statement sound utterly ridiculous. The hand on her ass vanished for a fleeting moment to tug her skirt all the way up to her waist. Cool air breathed over her bare bottom and the small of her back for the second time that night. Then the slap came on her cool cheek and she gasped aloud as the sting registered in her brain.
“Dominic!” she hissed.
The slap was soft and felt very much like reprimand. “I would never touch another woman while I’m with you. I’ve never lied to you about that. It’s you. It’s been you since I first saw you looking nervous in my study. And it’ll be you for the rest of my life.”
“Okay,” she said, her head falling back as his finger once more started pumping. 
He slapped her cheek again, harder. 
A bolt of heat shot through her blood. She found her hips grinding, her bottom searching for his hand again. She wanted another slap, this time on the other side to even out the warm, stinging sensation.
In a gruff voice he said, “You like it. Fuck...I’m going to take you until you scream. I’m going to take your sweet little body until you’re sweating from exhaustion and you can no longer speak my name. I’m going to take you, baby, until you no longer doubt whether or not your mine. Until your body recognizes my touch before I even enter to you. I’m going to take you until you tell me the words I want to hear.”
Breathing hard, Felicity tugged on his hair until she met his gaze. With his hand cupping her sex, his eyes locked on hers she whispered the words. Words she was born to say.
“Then take me.”
Dom stood in a rush, one hand fisting in her hair to cock her head for a brutal kiss. She was lost to him, his kiss, his touch. He started working her clit in tight circles. Burning pleasure ensconced her body like she was baking under the sun. She fisted his hair in her hands and kissed him back just as hard, sliding her tongue against his. And as her hips rocked into his hand and she flew apart in an intense, heart-throbbing climax that tightened inside her then erupted, his kiss caught her screams.
Before she even had a chance to come down from the high, she saw the look in his eyes. 
He cupped her jaw, his thumb tracing over her chin. “I love it when you look at me like that,” he said.
“Like what?”
“Like you can’t wait to have me.”
Understanding struck her. They each had the look. A slow laugh bubbled out of her, and as he picked her up in his arms, she called out a hasty goodbye to Beth. 
Her mate, her love cradled her close as he stalked out of the house and took her home.
Chapter 19
 
Felicity woke up to a terse voice saying her name. She blinked to clear the sleep from her eyes. As she slowly came to memories surged back from last night. 
She remembered coming back to the estate and Dominic leading her to his room. He’d been insatiable, but not in a way she would have expected. 
He’d licked her everywhere, tasted every inch of her, and palmed every curve of her body without letting her touch him in return. He’d made her suck on his index finger to wet it so he could make her nipple hard, then he’d paid glorious attention to each breast. He’d even kissed her wrists, the inside of her elbows, the slender bone at her ankles, and the soft tops of her feet. He’d paid a silent, arousing homage to her body that she’d longed to reciprocate but he wouldn’t let her.
And when he’d towered between her legs with that dark, hungry look blazing in his eyes and asked her if she loved him, all she could do was nod. For then he’d placed his mouth over her wet, swollen flesh with a hungry growl and taken her body into a screaming, shaking peak that left her panting for long minutes afterward. 
Still, he didn’t enter her, didn’t take his release. Her mouth watered to taste him, her hands itched to cup and mold every hard, sweat-slicked inch of him, but each time she tried to touch him he refused her, pushing her hands back onto the bed.
And he didn’t stop with that one breath-stealing orgasm. Not at all. After he slowly licked her down from that peak he’d massaged her thighs and calves until her body grew so relaxed her eyes started drifting closed. But, before she could fully succumb to sleep, he’d turned her over and continued his sensual assault on her, reinvigorating her body to an all new level of awareness. His lips, fingers, palms, and tongue caressed her everywhere, licking his way down her spine, kissing every inch of her. He left no place untouched. 
With a growl that spiked her arousal and signaled his loss of patience, Dom roughly pulled her thighs apart. In this position she stood completely open to him, left to his trust. His hands spent long minutes massaging her inner thighs, his touch growing harder and firmer, and with each new minute she grew wetter; her body dying for his touch, for him to enter her and finally ease the ache that only he created.
He whispered sexy, deep words about her beauty, about how hard she made him, about how badly he wanted to fuck her. But he didn’t, even as she begged and sweat dripped from her temples from agony. He never entered her, only kept massaging her until wetness drenched her folds and she mumbled incoherently. 
Only then did he touch her. 
His fingers had slipped softly across her wet lips, rubbing, petting her. After he coated his fingers in her aroused cream, he slowly pulled his fingers up between her cheeks. At first she clenched, but then his free hand cupped a cheek and massaged it. It felt so good she relaxed with the help of some coaxing, guttural words from him.
As he spread her cheeks open she felt his wet fingers circling her dark rosebud. The wet sensations made her gasp then still beneath his touch. She listened to his heavy breathing as he touched her; as he told her in that gruff, deep voice all the ways he wanted her, how beautiful she was, and how much he wanted her there.
After he had her completely relaxed and trusting, he pushed just the tip of his finger inside and circled, pushed in and out. Her lips parted on a moan at the unique sensation. The wet touch in such a forbidden place felt directly connected to her swollen clitoris. The erotic sensations he created made pleasure swell deep in her belly, and she knew that he could make her come from touching her there and that it would be the hardest she’d ever come in her whole life. And so she waited, panting and lifting her bottom to him, moving into his touch wantonly, wanting him to touch her more. 
He kept his touch simple and slow, torturing her until she was begging him, her body squirming against the sheets, her hands fisting the comforter. Only after she told him she loved him did he finally fill her with his finger, just his finger. Her tight channel grasped around him like a vice—and it felt remarkable. The caress was strange being as she’d never felt anything inside of her there before, but it felt so good. Wicked but hot and delightful. His touch made her burn.
She’d gone wild with wanting. Her swollen clitoris throbbed and she knew with but a little touch she’d fly apart hard and fast. So she’d begged and begged, and still he didn’t relent; never gave her the release she sought. He continued to hold her ass open with one hand so he could watch what he was doing, and what he did. For as she looked over her shoulder to see him, she saw his eyes focused hotly, intently on where he thrust his finger inside her, working her, spreading her open.
His eyes had locked on hers, then he said darkly, “I’m going to fuck you here, sweets, and it’s going to be the hottest thing I’ve ever done. Just the thought makes me want to come.” He’d clamped a hand around his cock then as if to stave off his release. A shiver had racked over her at the sight of the tall, powerful male touching her so intimately as he held his cock. She’d never forget the sight.
“Then do it,” she’d said in a voice not her own.
Only then did something finally give in him. His wet finger became two inside her and he worked her in that forbidden, unknown channel so perfectly, so tenderly. He pressed his fingers in and out, scissoring them to stretch her.
“Please,” she’d begged.
“What do you need?” he’d growled, his voice so low she almost didn’t hear him.
“I need to come.” 
With a low groan, he started working her faster, thrusting in and out of her tight ring. It felt incredible, bordering on pain but not quite crossing the line into it. Then he slid a hand around her stomach. Her breath caught and held as she waited. When the touch came, it didn’t disappoint.
His fingers slid across her sex to get wet then came back to press in hard and fast on her clitoris. The hard orgasm that followed couldn’t be stopped, not if the world came to a stop. Fierce cries tore from her throat as her body clamped down on his fingers. Her womb clenched and wept, disappointed that his cock wasn’t there to fill it as it should be. She wanted it all she realized, his cock inside her, his fingers in her dark ring making her feel this tremendous ecstasy, and his fingers circling her clit. All at once. All of him. She needed it with such intensity she could almost imagine the pleasure. 
She’d screamed his name until finally the pleasure had ebbed and he’d curled against her in the bed, his hard cock blazing hot with unreleased passion. She’d wanted to ease him, to question him about why he wouldn’t take her, but he shushed her and pulled her into his arms until she fell asleep.
“Felicity!” The familiar male voice pushed all memories of last night away as she finally came fully awake. What she saw made a slow smile curl over her lips. Dom stood above her, dressed in a dark grey suit. He looked so amazing that her gut clenched just looking at him.
She smiled up at him. “Good morning, baby.”
His gruff expression relaxed, somewhat. Stress lines still were deep around his eyes and mouth. “You have to get up. You have a long day ahead of you.”
She licked her lips, the memories of what he’d done to her last night still lingering and the wetness between her legs wanted some attention. Throwing off the sheet that covered her warm body she undulated under his gaze. A dark gaze that widened and narrowed as it traced across her body.
“Why don’t you come back to bed for a few minutes, baby?”
His nostrils flared and then his eyes slammed shut. “I can’t. Not now.”
Disappointment hit her like a ton of bricks. She sat up stiffly, pulling the sheet across her waist. “Okay, I understand.” She didn’t understand.
His ragged sigh brought her gaze back up to him. “Fuck, babe, you look so good I want nothing more than to crawl back into that bed and spend all day inside you.”
Her cheeks warmed. “Then why don’t you?”
He laughed without humor. “Because I’ve made the announcement that you’re to be my bruid and tonight we’re going to a campaign ball at the Kensington’s. You need to be ready.”
Felicity felt as though he’s just thrown a bucket of ice-cold water over her head. “What?” she said, her voice high. She couldn’t keep the tremble of fear out of her voice.
She had to campaign with him? That meant he’d expect her to act the part of a perfect political wife...someone more like Julianna. She didn’t know any of the politician’s names. Women like Julianna and Dom’s mother were perfect for this. They knew everyone’s names, what they did, what they contributed, and enough about them to ask questions for idle conversation. Felicity could help them to plan their next big party it so it’d be an event of a lifetime. Her skills hardly were similar.
“You’re going to spend the day with my mother. She’ll tell you everything you need to know. I have to get to work.”
Felicity stood in a rush. “I can’t do this! I can’t! How am I supposed to learn how to be a politician’s bruid in only a day?”
Dom curled an arm around her waist and slowly brought their bodies together. The action might have kept her from physically freaking out but it didn’t keep her heart from trying to pound its way out of her chest. How was she supposed to do this? Her, plain and poor Felicity, showing up on the expensive and well-known arm of Dominic Blackmoore. Hell, paparazzi waited at such events just to take his picture. The thought hit her chest like a shotgun blast. She’d be the curiosity at the party; the one everyone would try to get a peek at, and gossip about. They’d take pictures of them together. People would stare and want to know who she was. Poor, uninteresting her. She could almost hear the curious whispers now: Why is he with her? What happened to Julianna?
“I know you can do it. I’ll be there for you. It’ll be fine.”
She searched his face. “If it’s going to be fine then why do you look so stressed?”
A rugged laugh escaped him before he kissed her, dipping her head back and licking once inside her mouth before pulling away. “Probably because it was hard as hell to sleep last night.”
A frown tugged at her lips. “Why?” She found herself curling her body into his to try to make him feel better.
He arched one dark eyebrow. Then it hit her—he hadn’t come last night. A blush crept over her cheeks and she smiled up at him. Her voice was husky as she spoke. “I’d be more than happy to repay you...” Her hand slid down to cup him through his expensive slacks. She found him hard, hot, and heavy.
His head fell back as a long groan escaped him. Then he fisted her hair and crushed her mouth with his, his tongue sweeping inside to plunder her. A muffled moan escaped her as she tightened her grip on his cock, trying to stroke him through his pants.
“Let me—” she whispered against his lips.
He tore his mouth away and physically took a step back. “I can’t. I have to work. Trust me when I say I wouldn’t go if it wasn’t important. Building a new campaign and garnering votes with a new mate at my side is going to take a lot of work.” His eyes trailed down her body once more, and then he shook his head ruefully. “Only two days until the campaign and tomorrow,” he paused to cup her head in his hands, his eyes softening, “tomorrow we have our own ceremony to attend.”
Her breath caught. “What?” Tomorrow would have been the day he would mate with Julianna. In the ceremony she’d planned. 
A slow smile formed at his lips. He kissed her gently. “Tomorrow, I’m going to be mated to my new bruid in front of all of vampire society. Tomorrow I’ll share my love with you in front of all.”
“Really?” she breathed. She wanted to say more, she really did, but was having trouble forming words. When the man wanted something he sure moved fast.
He nodded then lifted her hand that wore his ring. He looked at the black diamond on her finger then kissed the knuckle by it. “Tomorrow night you become mine in all ways, we'll be inseparable. And then, with you by my side, I’ll await to hear my name called as the next president of the council.”
Tears formed at her eyes but she blinked them away. Her heart felt so light and joyous it could have burst from her chest. Reaching up, she cupped his jaw, and then pulled him down for a kiss. “I love you,” she said against his lips.
His smile reached deep inside of her and released a level of happiness that only he’d ever created. “I love you, sweets.” He kissed her once more, then she knew from his frown that he had to go.
“When will I see you again?”
“Tonight, I’ll be here for most of the day working. I may have to leave so if you need me call me. Your cell is on the dresser. Until tonight,” he promised. He gave her another lingering kiss then left.
Felicity was all alone now at the Blackmoore estate, and she apparently had an appointment with Dominic’s mother. Moving into action, she showered in Dom’s bathroom then dressed in the same clothes she’d come in. She decided, as she pulled on the skirt again, that she wouldn’t be burning it. This skirt now had a lifetime of memories attached to it, for in this skirt she’d broken things off with Dom, had been taken by Dom in a savage, delicious way, then gotten engaged to him. She’d also been given an orgasm in Beth’s apartment, and then had her body worshipped for most of the night. Yes, she’d seriously be keeping this skirt.
After brushing her hair out until she looked somewhat presentable, she made her way out of Dom’s room and found herself in an unfamiliar hallway. She might have seen his bedroom at his “real” house, but not here. She wandered down a hallway and turned right and saw the light of the grand chandelier that adorned the ceiling by the front door. She quickly made her way down the staircase that she’d first seen Helena, Dom’s ex. 
As if on cue, the door to the study opened and Dominic Blackmoore’s mother took one step out.
“Ms. Shaw, if you’ll come with me.”
Felicity’s gut clenched with apprehension but she put on a smile and followed Lady Blackmoore into the study. The study was empty this time, no sight of Dominic or his brother Lucas. They were all alone and Felicity self-consciously brushed a lock of wet hair behind her ear. Silence filled the room as she waited for Lady Blackmoore to speak.
Lady Blackmoore took a seat on of the sofa. She sat with her back straight, shoulders square, and her knees bent exactly the same way and pressed together. She made it look easy but Felicity knew she’d never match the same queenly look.
“Please, have a seat. We have much to discuss.”
Felicity took the seat across from her in a chenille wooden framed sofa with thick brown cushions and a floral pattern on the back cushion. Felicity sat, her body naturally mimicking to look like Lady Blackmoore’s.
The older woman sighed, her eyes looking tired but determined. “My son has clued me in on the activities around here. I understand that you are to mate with him tomorrow night.” 
“Yes.” Felicity floundered to say more but couldn’t think of anything so she clamped her mouth shut.
Lady Blackmoore’s cool gaze locked on her. “He says he loves you. I don’t believe it, and I don’t say that to be rude or to make you angry. It is simply what I believe. Nonetheless, he has taken with you and the mating ceremony with Lady Greenwich has been called off. In her place tomorrow night you’ll stand. Now, I’m going to tell you something and I want you to listen very carefully.”
Felicity tensed. A mixture of anger and affront surfaced that his mother so blatantly thought her son’s feelings were void. The audacity of the woman. However, the last thing she wanted right now was to create a rift between what would soon be her mother-in-law, someone she’d likely see far more often than her own mother, and her new mate. So, she bit her tongue and lifted her chin a notch.
“All right then, I’m listening, Lady Blackmoore.”
“Please, call me Diane.”
Felicity inclined her head. “Diane.”
“Helena was horrible to my son, and he put up with her antics for far too long. It came as a great relief to me, my dead husband, and the rest of the family when Dominic announced he’d be ending their blood bond. She never saw the greatness inside him. I hope you won’t make that same mistake. For if you do, then I have only one warning to you.”
Felicity swallowed hard, surprised at the change in topic yet pleased to hear that at least they both agreed about how terrible Helena was. “What would that be?”
Diane’s cold gaze could have frozen an ocean into a glacier. “If you’re using him for his name, his wealth, or for anything but because you care for him then I will have you eliminated.”
Whoosh, the air rushed right out of Felicity’s lungs. She didn’t know whether to laugh or run away. The woman was dead serious. She’d have Felicity killed. Felicity looked down at the ring on her finger and smiled.
“I love him. I really love him. There was just something there when we first met, and I knew he was something different. I knew we could have something great together. I resisted—as much as I could—though maybe not as much as I could have, but he wore me down. Now, I’m going to mate with one amazing man tomorrow night and I’m going to do it with my chin held high and a smile on my face. I would like to have your support for us not because he’s your son but because you believe in us. And, by the way, you can threaten me all you want because I’m not using him for anything more than him and all the great, handsome, brooding that is him. And I love all of that about him.”
Slowly, one of Diane Blackmoore’s eyebrows rose and was matched neatly by a prim smile. “I see my son has chosen wisely.”
Feeling a bit imperious, Felicity sniffed. “Indeed.”
At that, Diane tossed her head back and laughed. Then, before Felicity knew it, she was wrapped in a tight, motherly embrace. 
With family business taken care of the next several hours flew by in a whirl.
Diane showed Felicity picture after picture of politician’s faces. Diane taught her their names and their histories until they all started blurring together. The one picture that kept popping up in front of her face was that of the Were alpha running against Dom for presidency.
“And who is this?” his mother asked, her voice never tiring.
Felicity winced as the hairstylist, Diane’s personal hairstylist, yanked at Felicity’s curling strands as he tried to style it into something Felicity doubted he could do.
“That’s Zeke, alpha and Were and madman.”
Diane tsked. “You will not use such language tonight or any other night to refer to Alpha Zeke or anyone else for that matter. You must think queenly. You will keep your head high, your shoulders back, and your lips curled into a pleasant smile. Like this, see?” 
Felicity gave Diane a bored stare as she smiled a perfect, closed-lipped smile.
“I see. Ouch! Will you take it easy?”
Edwardo the hairstylist glared down at her. “I will not take it easy, lady. You have hair like squirrels live up in here.”
Felicity sputtered. “Excuse me?”
He sniffed and went back to curling her hair. “You heard me, lady. Your hair is so dry if I brought a match within fifteen feet of this wiry mess it’d go up in flames. Poof just like that.”
Felicity was so insulted she couldn’t think up any sharp retort to scathe him. Instead, she resorted to crossing her arms and muttering.
“My hair is not that dry. I have naturally curly hair.”
“Mmhmm, doesn’t mean you can’t deep condition it every once and while,” he said.
Felicity clenched her jaw then jabbed her elbow back. It landed in the meat at Edwardo’s soft belly making him gasp.
“And she’s violent!” he said in affront.
“Damn right I am and if you don’t stop insulting my gloriously beautiful hair then it’ll be more than an elbow next time. Got me?”
He snorted.
Sighing loudly, Diane took a sip of her drink then went back over the etiquette for what had to be the tenth time.
“Try not to be speak unless spoken to that should keep your conversations to a minimum. We don’t want you to speak up and make a mistake.”
Boy, everyone just loved to insult her.
Dom loves you and he’s going to make you his mate tomorrow night. Think happy thoughts, Fel.
“Remember to smile, be polite, but do not be enamored with these people or they will eat you up. You must appear just as good as them, if not better.”
Felicity flipped through the eight by eleven photos of the important faces she needed to know. She studied each image with the name and species of the person listed at the bottom of the page. When her stomach growled, she looked up at the tall grandfather clock in the corner of the room.
It was half after nine. They’d been at this for hours and though Dominic said he’d be working here at the estate today she’d yet to see him. She missed him something fierce. 
Diane stood and eyed Felicity with a small smile. “Drink?”
Felicity nodded, tugging her hair out of Edwardo’s curling iron. He said something snide about her not sitting still as he snatched the curl to redo the strand.
“You know my hair is naturally curly, right?”
Edwardo laughed. “Naturally curly and having beautiful, shiny thick curling locks of hair is something completely different, my dear lady.”
Felicity shrugged, supposing he was right. As an afterthought she called out to Diane, “None of that fancy stuff, please.”
Diane went to the warming oven that was designed to look like a piece of antique furniture. It was made out of a dark colored wood and had a dark gray latch that opened the small door. It looked to be hundreds of year’s old when in fact it had a plug in the back that went into the wall that kept the blood warm.
“Which is fancy to you?” she asked.
“Whichever blood had the wine laced with it. It was too much. Last time I had some—” Last time she had some, she’d been on her interview with Dominic, and she’d nearly crawled into his lap. A blush colored her cheeks. “Well, let’s just say the last time didn’t go over so well. Something simple for me.”
Smiling, Diane poured her a glass of deep red blood then brought it to her.
Felicity took little sips so as not to disrupt the feisty hairdresser working tirelessly at her apparently horribly dry and atrocious hair.
Halfway through her glass, Edwardo clapped. “I’m finished!”
Felicity went to find a mirror, curious at what the hairstylist had been doing to her hair for over an hour, but paused when both Edwardo and Diane stared at her with soft expressions.
“What?” Felicity said. Nerves had her reaching up to touch her hair; it felt different than normal, softer and slicker. 
“You look lovely, my dear.”
Edwardo’s chest puffed up. “Of course she does, I did her hair.”
Shaking her head, Felicity looked around but didn’t find a mirror. “Well you’ve been working on my hair for over an hour. Where’s a mirror so I can finally see what he did to me?”
Diane pointed towards the door. “Down the hall, second door on the right is the bathroom.”
Felicity turned from their stares and almost ran out of the room. She liked to dress nice and every now and then. She’d be complimented on her clothes or a pair of shoes she wore. But people didn’t stare at her, they looked at her clothes. Yet, Diane and Edwardo stared at her with soft, pleased eyes. It unnerved the hell out of her.
Just what did you think it’s going to be like tonight, Fel, with all those eyes on you, wondering why he left the beautiful Julianna for a plain miss.
Shaking her head, Felicity banished the negative thoughts and stepped into the bathroom. She didn’t turn the light on at first, just stood there, breathing a bit unsteadily. Had a hairstylist really been able to change her appearance so much? There was only one way to find out.
Felicity reached out to the wall, her hand sliding against it until she found the switch and flicked it up. At once, the overhead light flickered on and Felicity stared into the mirror across from her. An oval, tall mirror that reflected a face very familiar, but adorned in hair she could only describe as utterly beautiful, hair that hardly looked like her own.
The blonde curls had been tamed and remodeled into something beautiful. Edwardo had treated it and sprayed something that made the locks shine and the color look more vibrant. The curls were thick and heavy falling all around her shoulders and back. Tentatively, as if they might break if she touched it, Felicity reached up and ran the pad of her fingertips over one curl. A slow smile curled her lips. He’d managed to take her natural curls and make them look tamed, like something beautiful.
She had a sudden need to find Dominic and show him.
Smiling, Felicity stepped out of the bathroom and froze at what she saw, or whom she saw. None other than Lucas Blackmoore was striding down the hall towards her, a fierce scowl on his face. His eyes were dark-rimmed from lack of sleep and something else; his clothes looked haggard, disheveled as if he’d slept in them. 
“You!” she said, seething.
 
 
* * * * *
 
Felicity didn’t think twice about it, she stalked down the hall to meet Lucas Blackmoore halfway. She stood on the tips of her toes and spoke between clenched teeth when she caught up to him.
“How could you? She is my friend and you played her!”
The warmth and humor from Lucas that she’d experienced when she first met him looked as if it’d never existed. Lucas’s eyes were hard and cold, but with a sarcastic glint in the corner. His lips were curled down into a plaintive frown and lingering vile scents clung to his clothes—smoke, alcohol, sex, and something else that made her skin crawl. Drugs.
A cruel, sarcastic smile tilted his lips. “Played her? Babe, I never even touched her. I’d have to have at least fucked her to qualify as playing her.”
Felicity’s arm snapped out at the insult to her friend; the ringing sound of flesh from her vicious slap made her gasp as she took a hurried step back. Slowly his eyes narrowed on her. She stood frozen in place, stunned as he was.
“What was that for?” he drawled. “Come on now, don’t back away. We were just starting to have a bit of fun.” He took a step forward then stopped. He was toying with her.
That knowledge relaxed Felicity’s muscles, somewhat, because that meant he wouldn’t hurt her. “Why did you do it? Why run after her like, like, she was someone you’d been searching for? Why ask her out then turn up with two humans…you know what.”
“Sucking me off?”
Her face burned. “Yes.”
The sarcastic glint died in his eyes, leaving them cold and hard. “To be clear, they weren’t both sucking me off, only one. I’ll have to suggest that next time. Two women, two mouths wrapped around me—”
Felicity sputtered. “She’s a good person. She practically cared you. Why’d you do it?”
He blinked at her words, and then his gaze cut away so she couldn’t read him. What was he feeling? What was he thinking? Did he have any remorse at how badly he hurt her friend?
“You know, I’m glad she saw me like that. She’s good people. It’s better that she found out early on how I am. That way neither of us could get our hopes up.” His gaze cut back to Felicity and she flinched at the raw pain she saw there.
At once she reached to touch him, to draw him into a hug, to give him an ounce of comfort, but he jerked back a step his eyes clouding with anger. “Don’t.”
Then he was gone as if he’d never shown up in that hallway, as if they’d never spoken.
Felicity stared down the dimly lit hallway feeling lost and out of sorts. She felt like running over to Beth’s and hugging her tight, and she didn’t know if it was to comfort Beth or herself.
She needed some comfort, and she needed it now. There was only one person who could wipe away the raw, pained look from Lucas Blackmoore’s eyes. With that in mind, Felicity ran upstairs to Dom’s room and grabbed her cellphone off his dresser. Already she started to feel better as his scent saturated the air, calming her.
Her fingers hesitated over the call button. What if he was busy? He said he would be. With the campaign so close he must be working like a mad man. So maybe she shouldn’t call him. He might be in the middle of some important meeting and it’d embarrass him if she called.
“Damn, damn, damn,” she muttered, pressing the phone to her forehead.
Or maybe he’d like a break and would welcome her call. Maybe he’d even be happy to hear from her.
“Just do it, Fel.”
Letting out a deep breath, she decided to go the safe route and text him.
I need to see you.
A minute passed. Then another. Felicity stared at the little phone in her hand willing it to ding at her.
It didn’t.
Dejected, she headed back downstairs on heavy steps. Something caught her attention when she reached the stairs. The door to the study was ajar and inside she could hear voices rising in the beginning of a fight. 
“Where have you been? You haven’t returned any of my phone calls and Dominic’s election is right around the corner, Lucas. You said you’d run some campaign awareness at your next concert but you failed to do that too.”
A bitter, male laugh sounded. “Yeah, I forgot, okay?”
Silence passed. “Are you high?”
“What? No. Fuck, mother. Always thinking the worst of me.”
“There’s been good reason for that.”
Another heavy moment passed then Felicity heard soft footsteps heading towards the study door. Her eyes widened and she quickly looked around for a place to hide. Her phone chose that same moment ding. Shit! Quickly, she ducked into the dining room. It was closest to the staircase and across from the study. She heard the study door shut then the murmuring of voices. She exhaled a sigh of relief that no one came after her for eavesdropping.
Ignoring the voices, she opened up the message. What she read made her heart pound and her lips go dry.
Then come find me.
She was walking through the dining room in the next second. Ignoring the rooms where she knew he wasn’t: the kitchen, the bathrooms. She headed straight for his personal lounge. The place where she’d first met him. Warmth grew in her belly as she caught sight of the door at the end of the adjoining hallway. It stood closed but light flickered underneath it.
Her stomach muscles clenched in anticipation. Walking to it, Felicity walked inside and pressed her back against the door as she surveyed the room with quick eyes. It was still masculine looking with dark wood everywhere. He wasn’t at his desk. Someone had lit the fireplace. It was the source of the flickering light she’d seen beneath the door.
She heard his voice then, coming from up above. Her gaze swept up to the overhanging balcony and she saw his shadow moving along the wall. As she listened to him talk about numbers, votes, and percentages, she quietly made her way up the staircase to the upper room where he’d first interviewed her, and first kissed her. 
His gaze caught hers the second she stepped foot onto the platform.
He leaned back against the bar, a glass of blood in one hand and a phone pressed up to his ear with the other. He looked lazy, almost comfortable, but he didn’t deceive her. Lines of strain hung around his eyes and mouth showing the true stress he was feeling. Even his whole body looked harder, tenser. Felicity wanted nothing more than to wipe it all way. A wicked thought drifted through her mind like a feather caught in the breeze. At first she followed the thought, her blood warming while she bit her lip, but then she thought of all the consequences and fidgeted in indecision.
“Good, that is good to hear. About time our numbers started going up. I knew it would work. Any word on that assignment I gave you with Zeke?” He grunted, listening to whomever he spoke to on the other line. Still his warm eyes never left hers.
What finally helped her to make her decision wasn’t her, but him. The person on the phone said something, probably disappointing, because Dom chugged back the contents in his glass and slammed it on the bar hard enough to make Felicity jump.
“God dammit!” He hunched over the bar looking almost as if he were staring longingly into his empty glass.
Seeing the worry etched into the lines of his face and body, Felicity made her decision. And at that decision, she whipped off her top.
Dom’s gaze swung to her so fast she inhaled, but didn’t stop. She tugged down her skirt and let it fall around her ankles. Kicked the material away. All the while, she watched his eyes, watched as they darkened into that inky look that made her wet between her legs and her breath catch in her throat. 
Yes, this is what I want.
His body fully turned towards her, giving her his full attention even with the phone pressed to his ear. She reached behind her to tug off her bra and spilled her breasts to the cool air.
“Yeah,” he said into the phone, his voice deeper, raspier.
Felicity stopped where she was in her little striptease to run her hands down her hips and across her belly touching herself in ways she wanted him to. All the while his eyes followed her movements, his cheeks darkening with color, his body growing stiff like a predator taking notice of prey. Getting ready to pounce. 
The warmth of her hands on her skin sent little zaps of pleasure shooting inside her. She didn’t stop to think about what she was doing. She did it, for him.
Her hands trailed up to cup her breasts, to tug at the points of her nipples until they formed harder, longer peaks, and she didn’t stop there. Slowly, nervously, she gave him her back and curled her fingers into her underwear. This was torture for her, not being able to see him and know his reaction. Her fangs elongated with arousal, the little tips biting into her bottom lip. 
Spreading her legs a few inches, she heard a low growl—the scent of his arousal hit her like a punch to the gut, knocking the wind out of her. She rocked on her feet sucking in wild breaths until a minute passed and she came back to. Dark male spice. His scent flooded the room.
“I need that done now, Vas. Yes, get that here tonight if you can. If not, earliest tomorrow.”
The sound of his voice urged her to continue, so she did, and pulled the scrap of panties down her legs. She bent over slowly with the movement, obviously displaying her backside to him. It took all her willpower not to look over her shoulder and see if he still watched her, but she managed to refrain. Kicking away the material, she finally turned back around and what she saw made her own eyes match the erotic expression he wore. His dark eyes, that devouring look he had, made her nipples throb to be plucked, and her sex pulsate with need.
His lips were parted, his breathing pronounced. He had moved to lean his back against the bar with his legs stretched out in front of him and parted in a man’s confident stance.
Felicity eyed all that glorious, tall strength and wanted what he’d had of her last night, to lick and touch every inch of his body.
“That isn’t good enough. I want you to take care of it. Yeah—I don’t care how you do it—just get it done. What about him?” Another grunt. “Shit. Yeah, I know it’s not good.”
Felicity strode toward him in nothing more than a pair of black high heels and the skin she’d been born in. She had almost reached him when he slammed the phone down ending the call. 
Her bravado wavered now that she had his full attention. Not that he noticed. He didn’t notice because the second he slammed the phone down, one of his arms curled around her waist and pulled her flush against his body. 
No sweet words, nothing. Only his mouth slamming down on hers, plundering her mouth. Tasting her, sucking her tongue into his mouth until they formed a passionate dance.
Felicity crawled her hands up his strong chest, hating the suit shirt he wore then thrust her hands into his thick hair.
His lips pulled back to trailed hot, wet kisses across her jaw to her ear. “What did they do to you?” he said, his voice making her shiver.
“What?” How could he ask her a question at a time like this. Didn’t he know that every time he touched her she couldn’t think clearly?
“Your hair.”
Her eyes flew open as she remembered. She looked into his eyes. “Do you like it? It’s for the campaign ball tonight. I think it’s beautiful.”
He grunted, looking unfazed at the sight of her glorious mane. She couldn’t quite hide her disappointment.
“You don’t like it then?”
He caught her look and pressed a soft, wet kiss to her lips. “Sweets, I like it, but I like being able to grab your hair even more. If I touch a strand of this it’ll be ruined.”
“Oh, good point.” Quite disappointing too, she realized. She loved it when he grabbed her hair to control a kiss, or bend her neck this way or that. He had such a domineering touch. It made her feel weak and feminine at the same time.
His dark eyes trailed down the front of her body making her squirm. “What’s all this for?” The pad of his thumb stroked over one nipple at his question.
“I wanted to make you feel better. You looked so stressed.”
He cupped her whole breast in his big hand, lifting the globe and squeezing it until bursts of pleasure shot to her brain and down to her clitoris making her ache.
“What did I do to deserve you?”
Felicity stiffened in his arms, though he didn’t realize it. Inside, her heart melted at his soft endearment voiced so softly, so offhandedly that it was as if he hadn’t meant for her to hear it. He said it was if he was voicing his own thoughts aloud and she happened to hear it.
“Oh baby, I love you,” she whispered.
One corner of his mouth lifted at her words. Then his phone rang and the effect was ruined. With a vicious curse, he put the phone to his ear and growled, “What?”
At once she knew the fun was over because his arm loosened around her waist and his head fell back in the look of a lost man, or of a man wishing he could be lost.
“Promise them anything, I don’t care. I need those votes. Yes, I’m amending the mating laws. Spread that word like wildfire. Well what else do they want? Everything’s been the same for hundreds of years and now suddenly people want change because of some mad alpha with crazed thoughts for the Weres? I will not allow inter-pack mating. It’ll be a bloody battle if we go there and you know it.”
Felicity had lost him. Their shared moment gone. It didn’t have to be, she decided. 
He was still stressed with the weight of a presidential election sitting on his shoulders, and at this new phone call his body had tensed up again, his lips flattening into a hard line.
Felicity started tugging his shirt out of his pants. 
Startled, dark eyes flew to hers then glowered with the look. Warm skin met her fingertips as she feathered a touch over his lower abdomen and tight hips. Slowly, she squatted in front of him. Her hands, eager to feel him, opened his pants and pulled back the material.
“I’m supposed to already have that district. What did he promise them that I didn’t?” he said, his voice thick with arousal.
His cock was hard and heavy, hidden behind the confines of black briefs. Some animal part inside her had her leaning into him, rubbing her cheek against the stiff, hot length of him, inhaling his rich, dark scent.
When his palm curled around one of her bare shoulders, her stomach quivered. Her body burned with arousal, impossibly turned on and he hadn’t even touched her. She hadn’t even touched him yet.
Working slowly to draw out his enjoyment, she inched his briefs down his strong, muscular thighs. Strange, but each time she darted a look up at him her stomach quivered into knots. How he could still make her nervous, she didn’t know. When she looked up at him, a fierce blush stole over her. Not in embarrassment but because he gazed down at her with parted lips and the hungriest expression she’d ever seen. As if her touch undid him utterly. She loved it.
The material gave way and his cock escaped from his briefs, buoying in front of her face. Her mouth watered for a taste of him. She touched his thighs in a mirror of what he’d done to her last night. Instead of squeezing his inner thighs and trapping his legs open as he’d done to her, she continued her caress up until one hand curled around the base of his cock and the other around the heavy sac hanging between his legs.
He hissed above her as he spoke into the phone. He spoke in a natural, albeit sexier voice, all the while his muscles flexed and rolled with erotic tension at her touch. She felt so powerful in this moment, like a queen before her very own army.
She tightened her grip around his hard length, loving the feel of velvety soft skin over rock hard organ. She’d felt that organ plundering inside her and the reminder made her core wet. 
He was dusky colored, golden, the tip darker than the rest of him. A spattering of trimmed dark black hair covered his groin, framing his glorious staff.
Felicity held him at the base and ran her tongue along the crown. A soft moan escaped her as she tasted salty seed there. With a mixture of her saliva and his seed, she rubbed his wet tip around her lips as if she was applying lipstick. The strong hand on her shoulder bit into her skin with a fierce grip. His losing control only made her want to please him more.
So she parted her lips and slowly sucked him deep, working to wet his hard cock with her tongue until she covered him. She pulled back to glance at her handiwork and smiled at the sight of his glistening cock. The sac in her palm now weighed heavier as if his seed pooled.
“Patrick, call me back later.”
She’d forgotten he was still on the phone until his phone clattered to the bar and both hands caught her. He touched her everywhere he could. Caressed her shoulders, her neck, and her jaw. His fingers touched her wet lips and he whispered raw words of encouragement as his hips jerked and cock twitched to be back in her mouth.
She loved the sight and would always remember this one moment of him at her mercy.
“My bruid...How sweet your mouth is. I want to fill it. Take me deep...Ego petere vos.”
His rough voice mumbled, straining the words into one long sentence. She had no idea what he said in that dark, sexy language, but she’d find out...later.
Felicity didn’t need any more encouragement. She used the hand around his cock to pump his shaft and sucked him deep, her lips and fist meeting. Her fist glided smoothly on his hard muscle.
His ragged breathing caressed her ears; their aroused scents clung to them like a wet coat, and when his hips started to work that hard shaft in and out between her lips in a fast rhythm, she opened up to accommodate his size.
Soft moans escaped her, muffled by his cock. He tasted like everything sexy and man. And when she felt his cock grow, thicken with a pulse, she knew he was ready.
A guttural growl sounded from his throat as his hands caught the back of her neck in a punishing grip and pulled her mouth down completely on his cock. She removed her fist from him fast. The crisp, curly hairs at the base of his cock tickled her lips and then his shaft pulsed again.
The hot burst filled her mouth in a creamy, salty pool. His growls never ended as he clenched her to him, giving her all of his pleasure. She drank down all of him, somewhat taken aback by the force of his orgasm, yet proud at the same time.
She gently released him as he softened. He had to help her stand since her legs trembled.
When she caught his gaze, she smiled. He looked completely ravaged in the best of ways. His eyes were relaxed, his mouth slightly tipped up instead of down. He looked sexy and hot as hell and she wanted to go back down and do it all over again, only this time slower.
“Baby, that hot mouth of yours is going to keep my hard all night.”
Her smile nearly burst. “Well, I love you too.”
His eyes dimmed, darkened. Almost distractedly he said, “Yeah, I love you too.” He said it as his eyes roamed over her naked body. Then in a move so fast it took her several seconds to comprehend what had happened, he had her lifted into the air and her back against the bar.
A split second later his cock plunged into her in a hard, unforgiving glide. His pants had fallen around his ankles but his cock hung free and hard. He used it. Only the hands on her ass kept her from falling.
He felt so damn good inside of her, filling every possible inch she could want. He took her hard, pelvis’s slamming together in a wet smack.
“Touch your pussy,” he growled, his eyes locked on where their bodies joined.
Felicity wrapped her legs around his working hips, steadied herself with one arm on the bar behind her, then quickly glided her hand down her stomach to her clitoris. All the while he pummeled into her, working that stiff organ in and out of her tight channel.
Her moans mixed with his grunts in sensual music.
“That’s right. Touch it, baby.”
“Mmm,” she moaned, obeying his command. Her fingers circled her clitoris finding it wet from her own arousal. A shiver racked over her at the first touch. Something pleasant coiled inside of her. “This isn’t going to take long,” she warned.
The hands on her ass kneaded as he altered his rhythm, becoming faster, bruising. “I’m going to take this part of you, baby. I’m going to own it and make it mine. I’m going to claim it until I’ve come in every part of you over and over again. Until my scent saturates your skin and everyone knows who you belong to.”
Eyes fluttering closed, Felicity moaned. A vision of him filling her in all those places and releasing inside her made her sex spasm around him.
“Yeah, you like it. My baby likes my touch.”
“Yes, yes, Dom.”
“The sight of you working that little pussy makes me so hot. You make me hot. Coming in here, getting naked for me, and sucking my cock makes me hot. Fuck, I’m going to fill you up now. Come with me now. Come for me, baby.”
Her fingers pressed harder. Pleasure boiled up and over. Everything squeezed inside of her, becoming unbearably tight and warm. All that pressure had to go somewhere had to release. Felicity shouted incomprehensible words ecstasy shattered inside of her.
He was right there with her, his grip crushing, his shaft pounding into her. With a final groan, he shoved deep and burst inside her.
Felicity came down like a leaf floating in the wind. Dom was there to catch her. He picked her up and took them to the sofa, positioning her over his lap.
All of her muscles relaxed and it became difficult to keep her eyes open.
“Baby, that was...” she trailed off not know what to say.
His low chuckle made her smile. “I don’t know if I deserve you.”
“With how good you just made me feel I’d say you plenty deserve me.” Smiling up at him, she gave him a soft, lingering kiss then hopped off his lap. Energy surged through her body like lightning. She could do anything in that moment. She could run twenty laps around his house at her fastest speed and not even break a sweat. Hopping on the balls of her feet, she smiled down at him and started pulling on her clothes.
He groaned at her. He looked like a sexy mass with his hair disheveled from her hands, his pants down around his ankles and his cock hanging wet and soft against his thigh. Her heart shuddered at the sight. The stress lines around his face had completely disappeared. She couldn’t help but be proud of herself. She’d done this. She’d helped him, and it’d been prettying damn fantastic too.
Much slower than she did, Dom stood and righted himself. After glancing at his watch, he winced. “We leave for the ball in less than two hours. I still have work to do.”
Felicity looked down at herself to make sure all of her clothes were on, and on correctly, then she back to her man and wrapped her arms around his neck. His hands wrapped around her waist.
“Your mother says I get to wear a fancy gown. I don’t know if you know this about me, but I happen to love nice clothes, even if I can’t afford them. To say that I’m looking forward to the dress and shoes I get to wear is a gross understatement.”
He gazed down at her with laughing eyes; his thumbs made soft, continuous circles against her lower back. “After we’re mated, you’ll never want for clothes again. Anything you want, you’ll have.”
Felicity batted her eyelashes at him. “You don’t have to buy me, baby, you already have me.”
His hands squeezed her in a slow, meaningful touch. “I’m not buying you, sweets, but I will shower you in everything you could ever want. If that means you want the best clothes in the world, then I’ll get them for you. If that means you want a nice car, or for us to live in a home that we pick out, then that’s fine. Whatever you want, Felicity, as long as you’re by my side.”
Felicity swallowed hard. “Oh.” 
A grin lifted up one corner of his gorgeous mouth. “Oh? That’s all you have to say.”
Heart thundering, Felicity pulled his mouth down for another kiss then promptly stepped away from him. “Yes, well, you do have that effect on me you know.” She headed for the stairs before she did something silly like never leave. 
She couldn’t hear his footsteps but she could feel him following her.
“What effect is that?”
“To make me speechless.”
Just as she reached the staircase he caught her, wrapping his arm around her. He kissed her neck, tongue wetting her skin and creating a tremble in her body and an ache in her loins for him to taste her somewhere much farther south. Oh god, the man could make her melt.
“Don’t wear any panties tonight.”
She blinked slowly, once. “What?” she said, voice a ragged whisper.
His arms tightened. “You heard me. I want you bare for me. Be ready for when I touch you.” He briefly touched her face. “I can’t wait. ßNow go.”
She went.
 
Chapter 20
 
I want you bare for me.
A little over two hours later Dominic’s words made Felicity shiver and it had nothing to do with the cool breeze blowing against her. Felicity was dressed, prepped, and looking fancy, if she said so herself. She stood next to Dom, their arms entwined as they arrived at Kensington house for the campaign ball.
And no, she did not wear panties. For him. 
She’d left off the scrap of lace at his request; or, demand rather. That she didn’t wear anything between her legs had her blood simmering on the edge of arousal. She had so many questions to ask Dom, but she hadn’t been alone with him long enough to voice any of them. Not even on the car ride here, where bodyguards joined them in the SUV. No way would she ask about his order for her not to wear any underwear in front of a bunch of bodyguards with acute hearing.
Did he plan to check to see if she’d obeyed him while at the ball tonight? Her pulse spiked at the thought. Yes, she wanted that. For some reason, maybe because she was madly in love with him, Dominic brought forth all of her most wicked sexual fantasies; ones she’d never even known she had until she met him. Such as the fantasy she was secretly, achingly, hopeful he’d fulfill tonight—to pull up her dress and make her come with just his hand between her legs in a room crowded with people. Just thinking the racy thought brought a blush to her cheeks.
Felicity and Dom stood in front of a crowd of paparazzi outside of Kensington house. Other politicians with wives on their arms smiled at the flashing cameras, their faces stoic with a smile, before making their way up the stairs to the house. 
Heavy-muscled bouncers held the paparazzi back. Some paparazzi human but most were vampires working for V-Society. The flash from cameras pointed their way shot a spike of fear down Felicity’s spine. She forget all about her fantasy. The time had come for her to get serious. She had to act the part of a politician’s wife. Inside this ball was the alpha Zeke running for president, the leaders of the Were and vampire council and nearly a hundred of the most influential names of were and vampire families. 
Felicity and Dom gazed out at the cameras, as his mother instructed, and let them take the first photos of them as a couple. Their faces would be plastered everywhere especially since Dominic rarely let photographers take his picture.
“You look beautiful tonight,” he said.
Felicity’s lips twitched with a smile. It was the eighth time he’d said so in less than an hour. She wore a navy blue colored gown that rested off the shoulder. Her dress was made from a mixture of lace and silk and shimmering stones that covered her upper body like a corset and set apart the rest of the gown. Her shoulders and neck were completely bare, and Edwardo had taken her curls and used a clip made of beautiful white feathers and pearls to clip her curling hair atop the back of her head. The curls draped down across her back. It looked gorgeous and she knew it. 
The material that covered the shell of her bodice turned into something much softer for the rest of the dress. The material rippled down her body, or at least that’s how it was sewn to look. The dress clung to her curves showing every dip and bend so she could hide nothing. Luckily the dress did something that made her butt look elegant and not huge. It even managed to hide the not-particularly slender belly she sported. 
At her knees the dress flared out to form a round circle around her ankles so that the dress swished and moved with her as she walked. It was beautiful and timidly sexy compared to some of the other gowns she’d seen so far. Most importantly, she looked like a politician’s bruid. Edwardo had done her makeup giving her a smart but beautiful glamour. Her skin was bare of jewelry save for Dom’s heavy ring on her finger. And without a bra and panties, she was completely bare in her most private parts.
Dom still managed to outshine her. He made her look like a girl going to prom in a Wal-Mart dress in comparison. He wore a dark gray suit that had hints of navy in the lapels and seams. Just enough color so that they matched in a subtle way. His crisp shirt underneath was impeccably white, his bowtie navy and perfectly creased, and a cream handkerchief was tucked into the pocket of his coat. All of this he wore with a black overcoat. 
They headed toward the stairs of the Kensington mansion but Dominic turned them to face the camera. This was it. With a practiced smile, he faced the cameras and put his hand at the back of her waist in a gentle touch. She put on her own, close-lipped smile as white flashes from the camera jolted in her face like little snaps of lightning.
“Dominic, any word on how your campaign is going?” one reporter shouted, trying to push past the large bodyguards that formed a wall to keep them out.
“Mr. Blackmoore is it true that alpha Zeke made an attempt on your life?” said another reporter.
“Is it true that you only recently met Ms. Shaw and that she’s already sharing your blood? Is it true she’s the reason you broke off the engagement with Lady Julianna Greenwich?”
At that, his hand stiffened at her side. His eyes followed the sound of that voice to land on a slim man wearing rounded spectacles. At the force of Dominic’s glare the man took a step back. He must have changed his mind because he stepped right back up, speaking even louder over the dozens of questions launched by the paparazzi.
“Ms. Shaw, how did you meet Mr. Blackmoore? Is it true you slept with him while he was still mating with Lady Julianna Greenwich? How does that make you feel? Are you using Dominic Blackmoore for his wealth?”
The hand at her waist tightened into a nearly bruising grip. Dom jerked her toward the steps and walked her into the house. She stumbled over her heels trying to keep up with him.
As soon as they were inside she hissed at him. “What is wrong with you? Are you trying to make me look like a fool?”
Dominic looked down at her and at once she saw the full force of his anger. “I wanted to kill him. I still might,” he said as an afterthought.
“What?” 
“No one talks to you that way, Felicity. No one.” His jaw clenched and jerked as he worked out his anger.
“Oh, baby, it’s okay. Really, with you here,” she shrugged and smiled up at him. “I’m just happy.”
The lines around his mouth relaxed, slightly, and then he leaned down and kissed her. It was chaste and left her wanting something much deeper, warmer.
“Come on we have people to meet.”
Dominic led her down a short hallway where two sets of doors were open that led into an old-fashioned ballroom. The house itself was quite old. If Felicity remembered correctly, the house had been in the Kensington family for more than two-hundred years. Over time they had continued to make renovations on the home. What had started out as a ten-bedroom house now was a mansion the size worthy of the highest-paid actor in Hollywood.
The ballroom took her breath away. The floor looked handcrafted, like it was made of marble in cream and chocolate colors that formed a diamond shape that covered the entire floor. Up above the ceiling towered in a mighty dome where not one but three opulent chandeliers hung. Pieces of crystal hung beside the lights causing a shimmering effect across the walls and ceiling. Felicity couldn’t help but wonder how they dusted the chandelier.
With her arm tucked over Dominic’s she followed him into the room. Her stomach squeezed tight as he led them towards a group of older men. Gently inhaling she recognized them as vampires. At once, she put on her unimposing smile that Lady Blackmoore had taught her then quickly scanned their faces. She recognized them but her memory chose that moment to mash all those names and pictures of faces together. Her pulse fluttered. Panic surged. Breaths struggled to stay normal.
Just breathe, Felicity.
The one on the left had silver hair and a heavily lined face against pale skin. His name was Montgomery or maybe Charles. Shoot, she didn’t know. Her eyes quickly went to the man in the middle. He had dark, ebony skin with a smooth head and lovely brown eyes with a golden center. She struggled to place a name...David, Daniel, or was he Montgomery?
Panic built inside her as she searched the next two people’s face and only came up with more names but none of them seemed to fit the faces. Dom glanced down at her with an unreadable expression before he stopped her right in front of them. No, she wanted to say! Don’t take me to these men whom I can’t recall John from Joe. I’ll embarrass you.
“Gentleman, let me introduce you to the woman who strolled into my life and nearly wrecked it, Felicity Shaw.”
“Ah, right before the election. Pushing it a bit close, aren’t you Blackmoore?” said the dark-skinned man with kind eyes.
Dominic shrugged .
A blush colored her cheeks. She sent Dom a withering glare. “I hardly wrecked it,” she muttered then quickly sent the gentlemen a smile. Remembering Lady Blackmoore’s council, she bent her knees in a little bow.
The gentlemen chuckled at her sharp retort making her color even more. Surely she looked like a strawberry about now.
The man on the right wore his brown hair loose around his shoulders. He was tall and slender with a trimmed goatee around his mouth. “How are your numbers looking, Dominic? If you don’t pull this through, I’m going to have some very unhappy people on my hands.”
Felicity could feel the tension enter Dom’s body at the man’s question.
“Better. I’m going to win this.”
The man with the heavily wrinkled face took a step forward but didn’t bother to lower his voice. “Why is the Alpha still alive? He should be dead by now.”
“Rightly so, Montgomery. However, he has very well trained guards protecting him and he’s great at masking his scent. The only way we can find him is by tracking him to where we think he is then simply attacking to see if he’s there. I’m trying to keep the body count down, so I’ve told Grayson and Vas to make sure they know where he is before they attack. As you can see, he’s far too good at hiding.”
The dark-skinned man frowned, his eyes growing hard. “You have two days left. Two days, Dominic, and from what I’ve been hearing he’s going to take the presidency by a landslide.”
“I won’t let that happen.”
“You can’t stop it,” the man replied. “No one can alter the votes without penalty of death. If he wins, he wins. He plans to allow same-sex matings Dominic, even between different breeds. Can you imagine the blasphemy? Male vampires and Weres rutting together, sharing the most sacred of blood bonds in the world. It will be devastating.”
Felicity bit her lip to keep from speaking. It was not her place to tell this man how wrong she thought he was.
When she first heard the commotion coming from behind her she almost sighed with relief, but when she turned toward the sounds of gasps and excited chatter her blood froze over with ice.
Helena was here.
The stunning redhead with perfect, creamy skin and her pointed chin and upturned noise stood at the entrance to the ballroom with a smirk on her face. She met the crowds’ eyes in a personal challenge as if daring them not to let her enter. 
She wore a daring black gown that looked glued to her body. How else could it stay up by only her breasts? The dress fell to the floor with a length of material trailing behind her. That length split to reveal one long, creamy leg clad in a black high heel that shimmered with stones.
After posing for an entire minute for everyone to take notice of her, an incredible man strode to her. That was the only way Felicity could think to describe him—incredible. Of course, she could only see him from the side and back but there was something too catching about him, a magnetism that fueled her blood in a way that only Dominic did. He had blonde hair with darker streaks that fell to the bottom of his neck in a wave. That wasn’t what had caught her attention. No, what had caught her attention was the way he moved...like a predator. Realizing that actually sent a spike of fear into her. This man could kill you. He would walk up to you as he was to Helena in that same, long-limbed, deadly grace and then he’d kill you with his bare hands. She could almost see it in her mind.
He stopped before Helena then, brazenly, wrapped his arms around her, bent her backwards over his arm, and kissed her for all to see. It wasn’t a timid kiss or even a sweet kiss. More like a lipstick-smearing, tongue thrusting, wet kiss meant to imitate the act he really wanted to be doing right now.
Someone nearby cleared their throat jolting Felicity out of her thoughts. Flustered, she felt the pressure of a gaze on her, of someone watching. Felicity stiffened as she looked up at Dom. At once an apology spilled from her lips at the deadly look on his face. No, not deadly, violent. He pulled his arm out of her touch only to lace his fingers with hers. Not in a nice way. His grip tightened enough to make her gulp. 
Dominic had seen her making googly eyes at another man. 
And he did...not...like...it. 
“If you’ll excuse us,” he said to the gentleman.
Then he was pulling her towards the back of the ballroom. They followed a wall that lead to the back of the room where four doublewide doors stood which led into what looked like a balcony. 
The grip on her hand was punishing.
A man spotted them and stepped forward as they neared. “Mr. Blackmoore, I’m glad to see you here. I wanted to discuss—”
“Not now,” Dominic growled and then they swept out of the backdoors onto a stone terrace that overlooked acres of land and one magnificent garden below.
Felicity had had enough of him dragging her about. With a vicious tug, she yanked her hand back then rubbed at the reddened skin. “What is wrong with you?”
Dom turned around on her, walking into her until she started backing up. “What is wrong with me? I wasn’t the one eye-fucking the man who’s running against me for this election and who is apparently fucking my ex-bruid.”
Oh. Shit. Felicity held her hands up. “Listen, I never saw his face so I didn’t recognize him and I surely wasn’t—”
“Don’t you dare lie to me,” he said very slowly. Scarily slow. 
Felicity looked up into his eyes as a trickle of unease shivered down her body. “I’m sorry,” she found herself saying and meant it. She meant it not because she liked how he’d overreacted a wee bit here, but because if she’d seen him “eye-fucking” some gorgeous woman she’d probably have a much, much worse reaction than he did. Her reaction might involve a gun.
He stepped in close pushing her back into the wall behind her. He touched her waist then slid his hands around to her back as his cheek came down to press against hers. Inside she melted at the gentle intimacy, at the hug he gave her and wrapped her arms around his back to reciprocate.
“I am sorry. I’ve never seen an alpha before...they’re different.”
Those hands around her back stiffened. In a moment he crushed their bodies together, nearly bruising. He pulled back to look down at her and in his eyes she saw fury and something else. Something she couldn’t quite name.
“Don’t ever mention him to me again. In any way. Do you understand me?”
Her pulse raced at his low words. That something mysterious thing shimmering in his eyes put her on alert, made her wonder what he would do next.
“Yes, Dom.”
At her agreement, he nodded then let his eyes roam down to her breasts which the gown pushed up into rounded globes. It was a fitted dress and demure, yet as he stared at her breasts and they grew heavy and pinched. He made her feel like she wore absolutely nothing to block her from his gaze.
“I think it’s time to find out whether you listened to me or not.”
Thud, thud, thud.
Her heart raced like galloping horses. 
“What do you mean?” She totally hoped she knew she what he meant, because she had a wicked, exciting idea.
A moment later he grabbed her hand and led her to the far side of the terrace where a set of stairs went down below. He took her down them quickly, she struggling in her stupid heels, and he gliding noiselessly in his loafers. Now he marched her through the cut grass along the house then turned once they reached the side. 
She was panting as she realized he’d led her to a more remote location. They were at the far side of the house away from where the paparazzi had been and where the valets parked the cars. This was the side of the house opposite the ball and thus any sign of life.
“Baby, I’m really sorry,” she began.
He crowded her gently back against the house. Every second of it she loved even as a lick of fear went through her making her edgy and hot. And yes, she could already feel herself growing wet. His eyes were dark and tense. The look blazed out from them but was more subdued. Anger still clouded him. Anger that she’d liked the look of another male to stare. She really did feel awful and understood the need to mark her that was driving him right now. In fact, she relished in it.
His kiss came swift and hard. His tongue swept past her aroused fangs to suck her tongue into his mouth. One arm banded around her waist so she couldn’t get free as the other tugged down the top of her dress. One breast spilled free and he captured it. Fingers found her nipple and pulled. She cried out but his mouth caught the sound as he played with her breast, squeezing and tugging her until the wet heat between her legs grew unbearable.
She gasped against his lips, “Dom, please!”
He released her breast but he didn’t give her any reprieve because his wet lips surrounded the hard peak. Teeth scraped her, latched on gently then pulled with enough bite that her hands fisted his jacket as her entire body tensed. She was trembling with arousal. Flushed, hot, and needy. 
“Dom,” she breathed.
He pulled back from her breast, his gaze locked on her hard nipple, wet from his mouth. The chilly breeze blew making the tip pucker more. She moaned. Her breast felt so heavy and full while the other light from being ignored. She wanted to tell him to touch her other breast but knew he wouldn’t like it. He was in control right now. He needed this, to remind her of who he was and what he could do to her.
“If you ever look at another man like that again, Felicity,” he said as he stepped back and slowly started to pull open his belt and unzip his pants, “your punishment will be a lot worse, sweets. Now lift your dress so you don’t ruin it and kneel down.”
Her body pinched with need. She was flooded with arousal between her legs. Without the panties on she could feel her lips sliding against each other as she stepped forward, leaned over, and started tugging her gown up. It was a lot of material but as she pulled to her knees she knelt before him with his help. Once her knees were in the cushioned grass he reached inside his pants and pulled out his hard, throbbing cock. The tip was wet with arousal, and he looked hard enough to hammer in a nail. Completely unbendable, and stiff as a damn rock. And she wanted it inside her so bad she cried out at the sight of it.
“Dom—” she began.
“Shh,” he ordered, grasping his cock at the base. He opened his legs into a wide, masculine stance as he captured the back of her neck and brought her mouth to his cock. He rubbed the tip over her lips, spreading his taste across the seam. “Open up and suck me. Remember who you’re mating to, sweets.”
Her eyelids drifted shut on a moan. As if she could forget him. Ever.
His shaft filled her mouth on a plunge. He began rocking inside her, gently fucking her mouth. He filled her mouth full, forced her to breathe through her nose. She brought her hands up to grab onto his hips for something to keep her steady.
She inhaled his rich, delicious scent making her mouth water more. He groaned above her and moved deeper inside her, nearly hitting the back of her throat but not quite. She moved her tongue against him, swirling, and kept her lips wrapped tightly around his shaft as he worked himself between her lips with ragged breaths.
“So beautiful,” he said, a rasp. “So sexy. You belong to me, Felicity. To me!” With that proclamation, he thrust deep and held himself there. He was so deep she thought she could barely stand it but then he cupped her jaw and neck, rubbing her in a gentle caress. “Shh, relax, baby, you got me in that beautiful mouth. So sexy, all mine.” 
She did as he said and relaxed, letting her jaw open and surprisingly he pushed even further inside her. Then the grip on the back of her neck tightened and he thrust himself away from her leaving her teetering for a moment before he grabbed her waist and helped her to stand.
“It’s time to find out whether you listen to me or not. Are you bare, baby? Are you open and wet for me? You want my cock, don’t you?”
He backed her up into the wall, his hands fisting her gown and lifting it higher and higher. He paused with it at her thighs.
“Don’t you?”
“Yes! Yes, Dom!”
He made a masculine sound then lifted her gown up to her waist. He simply stared down at the spot between her legs with a dark, hungry look. “Good, good girl. You listened to me.” A finger trailed down her patch of hair making her gasp and spread her legs for him. He nodded his approval and that one finger became many as he slid them down and cupped her. “Wet and hot, sweets. So damned soft too. You have any idea how good you feel around my cock? Fucking perfect. The perfect little pussy for me.” One finger slid inside her.
She fisted his shirt, wiggling her hips against that lone finger wishing it were longer, thicker. “Dom, please,” she begged.
That finger thrust lazily in and out of her. His mouth closed around her bared breast. Those sexy lips clamped around her nipple and pulled back until little shocks of pleasure ricocheted throughout her body. Only then did he release her. 
He kissed his way up her collarbone to her neck where he licked her. The action made her body freeze, or at least, still as much as it could for arousal still left her with a fine tremble.
“Dom?” She arched her neck in question. Would he take her blood again? Her sex clenched around his fingers at the thought.
He mumbled as his lips played against her tender skin. “You like that, don’t you? You like my bite? My fangs buried deep in your neck as I fuck you?”
“Y-yes,” she said, stifling a moan. She moved her hips trying to get more contact but he kept his palm from touching her clitoris, kept only that finger filling her over and again.
Suddenly, his touch and heat were gone. Her eyes flew open but they didn’t have to because he wasn’t leaving her. No, not at all.
In a flash he had her up against the wall in a tight hold, his hands cupping her ass, and her legs straight as his cock slid between her thighs. She ached to spread her legs open but as she started to move he shook his head no.
Staring into her eyes with that intense, hungry look, he bent his knees putting his erect cock at her entrance, and then as he stood he filled her slow and hard. The pressure was too good, too hot. With her legs practically closed, she felt tighter, wetter around him. She could see that he felt it too for his eyes faded into black, inky recesses as his length filled her to the hilt.
“You’re mine, Felicity.” His hips retreated then slid back in.
She cried out, trying her best to muffle the sound but it was so hard when all she wanted to do was scream his name. “Yes, baby. I’m yours.”
He held her in an uncompromising grip. No matter how much she squirmed, he would not let her move her position. He started thrusting then as he stared into her eyes. Her back jammed into the house and she knew she’d have red marks afterwards. 
She let her head fall back as he speared his steely flesh into her tight body, moving faster but not harder. He never quite hit the sensitive bud hidden beneath its hood but she was so aroused that with enough thrusts he’d make her come. And she couldn’t wait.
Wet lips found her throat and she had only a moment for her eyes to fly open before she was pierced. It happened that fast.
He filled her with both cock and fangs. One drinking from her, one filling her. Heat suffused around the wound as he drank from her. His movements became quickened like that of a rutting beast. Flesh slapped against flesh as he speared her with his shaft, conquering her wet folds like a savage.
Her climax rose swiftly. The combined pleasure from the bite and from the sex was too much. Then suddenly his bite disappeared, his cock gone.
Breathing in ragged gasps, she stared at Dominic in confusion then looked down to see that in fact his cock still jutted from his tight hips. His fangs were two hard pints protruding from beneath his upper lip.
“What are you doing?” she said, squirming with the need to release.
His head cocked to the side as he gazed at her. Then he kissed her. It was slow with heavy with thrusting tongues that reminded her tenderly of what he’d been doing to her.
Then his cock was at her entrance again, and he pushed his way inside and began hammering into her sheathe—his movements quick, deep.
“Ooh!” she cried out, her head once again falling back against the wall.
His mouth went straight to her throat as if it’d beckoned him. Only this time he was at the other side. She felt two sharp points graze her a moment before he sank in deep. Blood rushed from her. Her skin became so sensitive it nearly hurt where he touched her. Her sex clenched and shuddered as it worked its way up to an immense peak. 
She tried to rock against him, to push her mons against his pelvis but she barely stood on her tiptoes. He kept his knees bent as he fucked her so he controlled everything she felt.
The grip on her bottom pinched in a deliciously rough way. His mouth pulled back and when he spoke it was a gritty rasp against her throat. “So fucking tight and wet for me baby. This is your punishment. I’m going to fill you up with my seed and when he sees you, he’ll not be able to look at you without knowing that I plundered your pussy. That it was my cock in your mouth, and my bite at your neck. You’re mine.”
There were no words. None that she could speak as he pounded into her, their damp flesh making a symphony of erotic sounds in the night.
Hot agony boiled deep in her belly. His thrusts tantalized little nerves inside of her triggering something that promised to be cataclysmic. Even though she couldn’t really move she undulated the best she could. 
“Oh, god!” she cried out.
She was going to come, from this, from only his penetration.
Low in her belly a tremble began.
Then his mouth crushed hers, bruising as he kissed her.
He pounded into her as his lips broke the kiss and he let out a shout into the night. He pushed to the hilt and Felicity felt his stiff cock spurting inside her. Hot splashes filling her in great douses as he came.
He pulled out slowly and the peak she’d been climbing towards dissipated like receding fog.
His ragged breathing was a balm to her sad heart. “You didn’t let me finish.” She felt like crying. She’d been so close and he’d done it on purpose. He was proving a point to her. He’d taken her mouth, touched her between her legs, fucked her, and even bit her. But he wouldn’t let her come.
He right his clothes. She was much slower to do the same.
“I love you, Felicity. But if you ever look at another man like you did the alpha, it won’t be your pussy I fuck.”
A quiver of...arousal raced through her.
His eyelids lowered. “You like that, don’t you?”
She bit her lip to keep from saying anything. Her entire body still burned with heat. A flush covered every inch of her and she was so wet between her legs she’d probably ruined her gown.
She looked down at herself and realized much of her hair had come out of the barrette. Her upper back was scratched, her bare knees had grass stains on them, and she had his release seeping out from between her legs. She squirmed at the wet, tickling sensation.
“Give me your hankie.”
A slow smile curled his mouth making him look positively devilish in the night. He handed it to her.
“What?” she snapped.
His eyes smoldered as she lifted her dress and cleaned herself. “I’m getting hard just watching you clean yourself.”
She ignored his words. Did not want to go there. She wave the used handkerchief helplessly. He grabbed it, crumbled it into a ball, and pocketed it. “Nothing to be ashamed of. It’s our pleasure. I must say the kerchief is much more interesting now than it’s ever been.”
Her lips twitched with a smile but she quelled it. “I want to come,” she said, realizing it was a whine.
His lips lifted into a smile and then he kissed her before leading her back to the party. “I’ll take care of you. Later.” A promise.
“That’s not fair,” she muttered. It could be hours before they got back to the house.
“It’ll be even more intense since I’ve left you hung up.”
Her eyebrows shot up at that. “Oh, well I suppose if that’s the case...”
His laughter caressed her ears. 
Felicity followed Dom back to the party, and even with the obvious signs of what they’d been doing not one person said a word. Oddly, she found herself holding her chin a little bit higher with his scent marking her, his bite apparent on her neck. 
She was Dominic Blackmoore’s mate. And she wore the evidence with pride.
 
Chapter 21
 
Felicity excused herself to the ladies room with a pardoning whisper to Dom. They’d danced a few traditional waltzes around the ballroom with other couples. She only trampled over his feet four times and each time he managed to catch her and make it look only as if they were elegantly twirling. They’d drunk a few glasses of blood-filled wine. Yes, it tasted amazing. Felicity didn’t know if she’d ever get used to drinking the good stuff, or if she even wanted to. 
But from all the dancing and demure smiles, she needed a break as the night was still not over. So she’d excused herself to the bathroom. She found the bathroom at the end of the hall opposite the ballroom. The bathroom was just as elegant as she could have imagined. It had a sitting room with two settees, three matching sofa chairs, and mirrors on either side of the room. Flowers in gold vases fit in the corners of the room and some paintings hung on the walls. Felicity sniffed, and yes, they were real flowers not those fakes ones whose purpose seemed to be to collect dust.
She must admit her designer’s eye loved the layout of the room. There was enough negative space to make the small room appear bigger than it really was and the choice of dark colors with the lighter colors of the wall created a simple but chic appeal to the eye. 
Felicity walked past the room into the adjoining bathroom where three stalls stood across from the sinks. On the sink’s countertop was a golden tray laded with crystal droppers of perfume and freshly pressed hand-towels. Felicity snorted at the scene. Though, admittedly, if they’d had a paper-towel dispenser in a place like this it would look rather out of place.
Just then the door opened and Felicity got on with her task with renewed vigor. One thing she did not want was to be cornered in a bathroom conversation with some lady whose face she couldn’t remember but had already been introduced to. She took a towel, wetted it with cool water, and then blotched her warm face. Dancing worked up quite a sweat. That and having sex with Dom. Oh damn, another flash heated her skin so she dipped the cloth around her neck to cool it.
As the wet cloth cooled her heated neck, she took a deep breath and that was when she scented it. Or, she corrected, that was when she scented her. A bolt of tension so hard and swift raced up her back to her neck that the muscles there tensed beneath the cloth.
Taking her time, she finished cleaning up then glanced one last time in the mirror. Her reflection stared back at her. What she saw was a woman who began the night looking glamorous but had turned disheveled. Her hair no longer was pinned up as it had been as the hairclip was starting to sag. Two separate bite wounds marked her neck with pink splotches; the holes of the bite were already fading at least but the rouged skin would linger far longer. His scent still clung to her skin like a wet blanket. By having him stand by her all night, she’d been able to face the most powerful men and women of both were and vampire society with false bravado as if she did it every day. They hadn’t even batted an eye even though they knew what they’d done. They wouldn’t dare utter a word of disproval to Dominic Blackmoore, possible future president of the council.
It was not as if tasting your new bruid or even sampling her wares, so to speak, was unheard of. That also didn’t mean it was approved of to have sex with your new bruid outside of a political ball. And to leave her needing, though she added that tidbit to herself.
Now she didn’t have Dom’s arm to lean on when she turned to face the woman waiting for her. And waiting she was, leaning demurely against the wall checking her long dark red nails as if she’d come into the bathroom for that only reason.
Felicity took her time re-pinning her sagging hair. After a minute she knew she was lingering so she turned to face her little nemesis. She kept her shoulders squared and eyes hard.
Helena Blackmoore, yes, Felicity had learned she still used his name, lounged gracefully against the wall. Did learning that Dominic’s ex-bruid still had his last name invoke a fiery rage inside of Felicity? Absolutely. Still, she had Lady Blackmoore’s words running through her brain: smile politely, keep your composure and never let anything you’re feeling slip up. Felicity did just that as she made her way for the bathroom door.
“You smell like a whore,” said Helena. 
Felicity stuttered a step but kept walking. It became difficult not to open her mouth and say anything, and not to walk straight over to Helena’s beautiful face and scratch her eyes out. Felicity neared the door. Why did it seem that escape for her was always a door away? First from when she had been running from Dom the night he’d first taken her, and now here at this ball. Life had a strange way of coming around on itself.
“I have something you might want to hear.” She tossed the words out so carelessly, so offhandedly that something compelled Felicity to stop.
She’d later regret that move.
Moving as if her legs were stuck in tar, she turned to face Helena. “What do you want?” She sounded weary even to her own ears.
Helena stood up from the wall. Her fiery eyes, bright with amusement, traced up and down Felicity’s gown. Under her gaze she managed to make the expensive dress seem like something nothing more than ragged tatters that had been dipped in dung then sewn back together to make the “dress” that Felicity was wearing. Felicity hated to admit it but the look did make her feel small, and it made her flush in a mixture of embarrassment and shame.  
“Well, if that’s all, I have more whoring to get back to.” Felicity turned and had her hand curled around the doorknob when Helena spoke.
“Don’t bond with him. This is the only warning I’m giving to you. Do not touch what is mine.”
Felicity turned around as if she had all the time in the world. Meanwhile, anger surged and the rules she’d been lectured with all morning flew out the window. “Is that what this is about? Some petty jealously over Dom? Listen, you lost your chance. You had a long, long time with him and you squandered it. I won’t be doing the same.”
One ruby-colored, thin eyebrow arched up. Then she chuckled a slow, mocking laugh. “You’re in love with him. Oh, this is just too exciting. I’m sure all that love you feel has nothing at all to do with the vast amount of wealth that lines his pockets. Wealth that surely paid for that dress you’re wearing.”
Felicity stiffened but didn’t say anything. She did not need to justify herself, or her love for Dom, to this bitch.
“You won’t be mating with Dominic tomorrow, dear Ms. Shaw.”
“Oh, and how is that?”
Helena came towards her, the long length of her tight gown moving with every lithe step she took as if the dress was one with her. Felicity wanted to roll her eyes. Helena stopped too close by to be comfortable. 
Then she leaned into Felicity’s face, eyes hard and angry. “Because, I will be mating with Dominic tomorrow.”
Felicity stiffened in shock. 
Then the hysterical laughter that followed could not be contained. It rolled and rolled out of her until tears blurred her vision and her sides throbbed in distress.
“Do shut up!” snapped Helena.
It took an entire minute for Felicity to calm down enough to stop laughing. After that draining fit her body actually felt much looser and more relaxed than it did coming into the bathroom.
“Thank you for that, Helena, I feel much better now.”
Helena’s glare was colder than ice. “Listen here you uppity little bitch. Do us all a favor and go home tonight. To your poor little shack you call a house and forget about Dom, forget about all of this, because tomorrow night come at the ceremony it’ll be me he’s mating with.”
Anger once again rose. “What on earth makes you think he’ll mate with you tomorrow? Perhaps you forgot, but not that long ago he permanently separated from your bony ass, and for good reason.”
Suddenly, a bruising grip caught Felicity’s arm. Shocked, she looked down at Helena’s hand snatching her and watched as ruby-red nails bit into her skin. It hurt. 
“I know I’ll be mating with him tomorrow because if I find your fat ass at his side tomorrow night then I’m challenging you for rights, and I will win. You can’t beat me.”
Felicity took in Helena’s words, contemplated them for a few tender moments, and then acted.
In a flash she had her palms raised and thrust forward into Helena’s chest with a resounding, fleshy snap. Helena’s eyes widened a fraction as her body jerked then she went flying across the bathroom. She landed hard on the bathroom floor skidding along the tiles in her tight black dress until her back crashed into a stall door denting it into a concave mold of her back. 
“Why you little—” she began sputtering.
Felicity did not wait around to see what colorful name Helena was going to call her next. Nope. She simply turned and marched right out that door. Her high heels sunk into the carpet of the hallway as she marched fast. She eyed the crowd inside the ballroom, hoping to find Dom where she’d left him. No luck, and now she did not know where to find him. 
A burst of panic swept inside her. The bathroom door opened and Helena came out, unsteady on her feet and cursing.
“You!” she seethed, visibly shaking with rage. 
Felicity’s eyes flared with alarm even as she tried to keep calm. 
Helena’s voice grew much louder, much shriller. “You bitch!”
Felicity’s cheeks burned as she shot a quick glance into the ballroom. Many of the people who had been in the midst of idle conversation now stopped and stared at them with acute interest. Helena was steadily marching towards her like a belligerent drunk with a grudge to fill.
Everything that happened next seemed to move in slow motion. Two strong hands slapped Felicity in the back, thrusting her forward much as she’d done to Helena. She toppled forward, arms wind milling, feet skidding along the floor trying to find purchase. Impeccably dressed politicians lifted their eyebrows and backed away offering no help.
She watched the floor coming rapidly towards her face. Right before her eyes came two sets of feet. One she recognized immediately during her slow fall. The flawlessly polished loafer gleamed under the chandeliers and for a moment she could even see her reflection in Dominic’s shoe. Beside him were another pair of shoes that did not match at all. That is, as her face was about to kiss the floor, the shoes did not match the owner’s pants. An expensive pant leg covered up a pair of dirty white sneakers with black stripes going up the sides. 
Her finally thought as her face came within inches of meeting the floor was who on earth would pair those together? 
She squeezed her eyes shut as her entire body tensed for the crushing fall that she knew would hurt. Her arms flew out in front of her, but the crash never came. It never came because in a flash a pair of strong arms caught her, lifting her up and away. Dominic picked her up like a hero saving a damsel. Etched lines of worry crinkled around his eyes as he searched her for injury. His pupils had dilated and tension boomed off his shoulders. He was pissed.
That anger, she realized, wasn’t for her but at someone behind her. She had a feeling she knew who it was.
“Zeke, I suggest you get control over your woman before I have her arrested for assault.”
The alpha had a slow voice that sounded as if it had been dunked in a southern drawl then rolled in tar. “’Scuse me, Dom,” which he pronounced more like Dahm, “but just because the lady’s with me doesn’t mean I’m responsible for her actions. Ain’t that right, darlin’?”
Helena answered but all Felicity heard was an arrangement of hissing sounds.
“That’s it, we’re leaving,” Dom said.
About time, Felicity thought. Dom sent his goodbyes to everyone they passed. Only after she began to struggle did he send her a scathing look.
She glared. “Put me down and what are you looking at me like that for? It’s not my fault she pushed me.”
He arched a dark brow. “It’s not?”
Nothing she could do could hide the bright blush that heated her cheeks. She looked away. “No,” she said in a very little voice.
“Look at me, Felicity and then I’ll put you down.”
She didn’t look at him, but she did weigh the pros and cons. She had just lied to him. He obviously knew something was up, but Helena had started it! Oh, great, she thought. Now she was starting to sound like a petulant child. 
“Felicity,” he said. His voice sent little alarm bells off inside her head.
Sighing, she turned her face back to meet his gaze. His eyes were burning bright but she found amusement not anger in his eyes. 
“Will you put me down? Everyone is watching us.”
They stood at the edge of the ballroom, all eyes on them. Whispers were getting louder as word spread about what happened. Felicity could see the eyes and ears of everyone perking up that something exciting had happened. On some faces she could see the disappointment that they hadn’t been able to witness the fun. Considering how boring campaigning was, she couldn’t say she wouldn’t feel disappointed if she was in their position.
“I’ll put you down after you stop lying to me.”
She narrowed her eyes on him. “How did you know I was lying?”
He looked so amazed that for a moment she thought he might snort, burst out laughing, or something else uncharacteristic of him. “Felicity, her dress is dirty and torn down her back. Her hair looks like someone tried to rip it out and—”
“Well, I had nothing to do with that little part,” she said. 
He continued as if she hadn’t interrupted him. “And she followed you out of the bathroom. Now explain what happened so I can put you down.”
They fell into a staring match she felt confident to win. In the meantime, she tried to review what had happened between her and Helena and how much she should tell him. He was already under a lot of stress with the election in two days. If she told him about what Helena said then it could infuriate him and make things worse. However, if she didn’t tell him then Helena was going to challenge Felicity tomorrow and Felicity may or may not win. She was a designer, not a fighter, after all. She also recognized that the strongest muscle on Helena’s body was her tongue, so even though the woman was quite a bit older and could be seriously strong she probably didn’t know how to fight. But do I know how to fight any better? 
Also, she may or may not be nervous to tell Dom that she hit Helena first. Damn it. She had to tell him everything. She couldn’t lie to him.
Biting her lip, they still stared into each other’s eyes.
His pupil’s dilated and she recognized the tightening of his jaw. He was losing patience.
“Okay,” she said. “I hit her first but only after she told me I had a fat ass and threatened to take you from me!” In her defense, there really was no way to explain what happened without sounding like a whining child.
Quirking a brow as if he found her explanation amusing he set her down. Next thing she knew, he had her hand in his, and they swept out the ballroom. 
With a flick of his wrist, the valet jumped to get their car. Their bodyguards, silently blending in wearing suits, seemed to come out from everywhere at once. She blinked as they surrounded them. She’d actually forgotten they’d come.
“I have something else to tell you that Helena said to me.”
Dom sighed, it sounded every bit as weary as he looked. His lips sagged down into the beginnings of a frown and an all-around stiffness forced the muscles of his face into a grimace. “I have no doubt that Helena was every bit as I remember her.”
Their car pulled up before she could voice the rest of her story. Dom held the door open for her. Guards piled in after them, two of which sat across from them, their eyes trained outside the windows. From all appearances, they looked as if they weren’t paying any attention to what they said but Felicity didn’t like it. The guards might make it look like they weren’t listening but they would still hear every word she or Dom said.
“Listen, I need to talk to you about what Helena said.”
Dom’s big body sagged back into the seat. He held her hand, turning it over to gaze at her palm. A soft, tender expression came over his face, softening the creases around his eyes making him look younger. 
“Not now. I’m tired and when we get back to the house I have work to do.”
She turned her palm to entangle her fingers with his. One corner of his beautiful mouth quirked up and he lifted his gaze to her face. At the sight of this man looking at her like she was his world, her chest constricted making it hard to breathe. When had she become so lucky? Did she even deserve a man such as him? She did not have a drop of aristocratic blood inside her. Her family did not come from a long line of royalty that helped to establish their people and keep them safe. 
The drive home was quiet and comfortable with the only tension coming from Dominic’s brooding thoughts and hers for what she had to tell him.
They arrived back at Blackmoore estate. The sun was only hours from coming up. She could feel the early rays already starting to brighten places on the other side of the globe. Vampires always had an acute feel for the sun. They had to in order to survive.
Diane Blackmoore waited in the middle of the foyer with her hands clasped as tight as the expression on her face. “How did it go?” she asked at once.
Dom started nodding but he did not speak.
Felicity shot him a concerned gaze. What was going on with him? He seemed to be getting more and more subdued as the night went on. “Everything went pretty well. I didn’t mess up. Except, well...” her words trailed off as she a blush.
Dom sighed, this time exhaustion clouding the sound. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “She attacked Helena after some provocation in the lady’s salon.”
Felicity’s gaze instantly went from concerned to a death glare. How could he rat her out like that?
Lady Blackmoore’s jaw did not drop but her eyes widened which was probably the equivalent for her. “I see, and what brought this on?” Diane’s eyes skirted over Felicity’s face, noticed the disheveled hair, the two marks on either side of her neck, and probably had a greater understanding of what happened tonight than even Felicity did.
“It’s exactly as Dom so gently explained,” she shot him another irritated glare in case he missed her first one. He only gave her a mysterious smile in return. “She said some unkind words. I tried to control myself, but that didn’t work so I kind of...pushed her.”
“Helena marched out of the bathroom after Felicity then shoved her into the crowded ballroom,” Dom said. His voice gave no indication as to how he felt about this whole situation.
“Also,” Felicity chimed in before the subject moved along, “the only reason why I acted the way I did is because she said she’s challenging me for Dominic tomorrow night.”
There. She’d said it.
And she’d been right.
Both Diane and Dom stiffened with tension they couldn’t begin to hide. Dom’s expression shuttered, hiding his thoughts.
“We don’t have to let her in the door, right? If we don’t let her in then she can’t challenge me.” Neither of them said anything. Felicity’s nerves started to feel frayed like a piece of thread reused too many times.
Diane cleared her throat. “Actually, it is against the law to bar anyone from the ceremony who wishes to attend. The punishment for this is death.”
“What kind of a stupid law is that!” Felicity said. Before, the challenge had only been a thought, something not quite real, but now it became a real, frightening prospect. One she did not want to deal with.
Diane nodded. “In fact it is there to help protect both the male and the bruid from being forced into mating. It gives either of them an out in case the mating has been coerced in some way. There hasn’t been a challenge in years. Isn’t that right, Dominic?”
“Indeed, mother.”
Everyone fell silent. A billowing anger began churning in Felicity. It started in her gut then worked its way up to her heart, making her face warm, and then down to her hands where she curled them into fists.
Finally, she had had enough. “Excuse me! Am I the only one having this conversation? Tomorrow night I’m going to be challenged for the rights to Dom and if I don’t win...if I don’t win...” her words faltered as her breathing turned into ragged gasps. Instantly, Dom was there, his arm around her shoulder pushing her head down.
“Breathe, sweets, just breathe. Everything will be all right. I’d never let anything bad happen to you.” His hand rubbed soothing circles across the tight muscles of her shoulders. Almost as if they were hesitant, her muscles twitched before finally easing under his touch. 
She stood now that she had her breathing under control. “This is not all right. What if I lose, Dom. What if I lose?”
His eyes caught hers and something dark flashed in his eyes. “You won’t because if she tries to come she won’t be getting in.”
Diane took a step forward as if she couldn’t stop herself. “Dom, even you do not have that kind of power. If she comes then she must be allowed in.”
His jaw crunched as he ground it side to side. “I don’t care.”
Diane lifted her chin. “You’ll care when they call your mating void. When they cease to perform the ceremony, or worse, arrest you for breaking law. You know the sentence if they find you guilty.”
Dom’s voice suddenly rang through the halls, a harsh cry. “I don’t have time for this! God dammit! Why did you have to hit her? Why did you have to start this?”
Felicity heard what he said, but still her mind reeled at the tone of his voice. She replayed what he said. Blinking, she took a step back from him. She almost looked over her shoulder because he couldn’t be speaking like that to her. It wasn’t her fault that Helena came after her like a raptor searching for dinner. This wasn’t her fault. Her mind replayed tonight’s events, excluding the time spent with Dominic outside the ball. Helena had been aching for a fight, taunting her with what she would take from Felicity—Dom. Maybe she’d overreacted in hitting Helena first, though she didn’t regret the actions, but she didn’t start this.
“Dom, it’s not my fault.” Her voice trembled.
His jaw clamped and then he slammed his eyes shut as he visibly tried to get himself under control. “I know...I know. I’m sorry. I have to get some work done. Check the numbers again. Call Vas and Grayson,” he said, shaking his head like it was a heavy, tired weight. “I’m sorry, go up to bed.”
Felicity let him pull her up for a kiss but she didn’t kiss him back. The pain from his blow, so to speak, still too fresh. She’d accept his apology but she’d need time before she could forget it.
“Don’t worry about it. I won’t let her challenge you.”
Nodding, because what else was she to do, she headed upstairs to his bedroom. She undressed alone, showered alone, and when she went to bed, unable to sleep as the weight of tomorrow night hung over her head like a heavy cloud, she did it alone. 
He never came to bed.
 
 
 
Chapter 22
 
Today was the biggest day of Felicity Shaw’s life, the day in which she’d become bonded to another vampire. A vampire even her mother could be proud of. Felicity frowned at that train of thought and quickly corrected herself because of course her mother would be proud that her only daughter was mating with one of the wealthiest vampires in the world. Her mother loved money. So much so that she had taken all of the money left after Felicity’s father’s unfortunate death after a gambling match turned bad and currently spent the large sum with her younger lover. 
This morning, the morning of all mornings, Felicity had actually debated calling her mother. When her mother moved to some small island in the Caribbean with her lover, her mother had called once to leave her number. Felicity had let the answering machine take the call. She might not want to talk to her mother but she’d written down the number and had it tucked away in her phone book at home. If she really wanted to she could have someone fetch it for her and she could call her. But to tell her what? That today she was mating with Dominic Blackmoore and that she’d no longer be Ms. Shaw but Lady Blackmoore? Her face would be one photographed for magazines all over the globe. Her life would never be the same and all of it would be done with a powerful man who made her heart flutter right at her side.
A part of her really wanted to. A part of her wanted to see her mother sitting in a chair to represent her side of the family at the ceremony. It might only be one chair amongst the more than hundred that came with the Blackmoore family and friends, not to mention the seats open to the public. But one was more than none. 
Felicity finished brushing her hair from her morning shower and stared back at her reflection. She looked tired and rundown, not like a woman on the happiest day of her life. Tonight she’d become Mrs. Lady Blackmoore with her love, Dominic Blackmoore, and then tomorrow was election day. She, vampires, and Weres from across the country would head to their local governing office to cast their vote for the next president of the council. Those who wanted radical changes were leaning towards the wild alpha Zeke and those wanting to stick to tradition were staying with Dominic. She may be biased, but she knew who she was voting for. 
For the first time that morning she smiled, the muscles of her face tugging. It was a small one, bordering on sad, but it was there nevertheless.
He never came to bed last night.
He did say he had work to do. Probably more than she could even imagine. After all, what did she know about running for president? Not a thing. Attending one campaign ball did not a political savant make.
She didn’t sleep well without him. In fact, she’d barely slept at all. Call it nerves or anxiety but she’d been bursting with it all night long. Tossing, turning, she’d flitted about the bed until her feet hung off, her arms slung around at awkward angles, the comforter stuck between her thighs and still sleep never came. Finally, she’d given up on sleep and turned on the TV. 
She’d found a late night/early morning B-movie in black and white about a teenaged boy who was learning Ninjutsu in order to get vengeance on a man who killed his family. It was a bad movie in that purposeful way, but that isn’t why she watched it. She watched it because, no matter how crazy it might make her look, she was studying Ninjutsu. She punched the air and, in her mind, performed wild kicks in mid-air with both of her legs while picturing Helena’s face taking the hit. Did she actually believe that any of this would help her come late tonight during the bonding ceremony--no. Not at all. But a girl had to hope.
Now she had to brave the day. She’d showered and dressed and still he hadn’t come back. A glance at the clock told her it was close to seven. According to the invitations originally made for Dominic and Julianna, the ceremony would start at ten tonight. And still he hadn’t showed. 
The bonding between two vampires was a ritualistic affair. They shared oaths, claimed vows, exchanged blood, and then at the end came the part that made Felicity pace a trench across Dom’s bedroom. The vampire giving the ceremony, one specially trained in bonding ceremonies to recite the ancient bonding passages verbatim by memory, would then ask the audience if any man or woman would dare to challenge for the rights to the male or bruid. This part had Felicity a wee bit unsettled. While a bonding ceremony fight between two women—one who used to be Dominic’s bruid and one who wanted to be his bruid—might make a great video to watch online, it was not something Felicity wanted to participate in.
Was Helena’s threat simply that or did she mean to go through with it? Felicity supposed there was nothing left to do but wait out the next few hours and find out for herself. That is if she they were still to be bonded. Perhaps he’d ignore her up here and the night would pass with a quiet silence. 
Felicity’s legs dug into the pacing until her muscles started to burn. Yes, that’s what she wanted. She needed something to release the frustration building inside her. Maybe if it was frustration she could handle it, but that wasn’t the only tumultuous emotion building inside her like a crescendo. No, frustration mixed with anger and nervousness made her stomach roll and her brow furrow. Fear and pain mixed together to create a nasty hollow feeling in the pit of her stomach. All of those conflicting emotions made her one wild woman. She felt on edge as if at any moment she might blow.
A part of her wanted to stomp down those stairs, find Dominic, and demand an apology for how he treated her last night. That part wanted to give him a piece of her mind about how badly his words had hurt her. It wasn’t my fault. Right? 
The other emotion, the one that kept her rooted to his blasted room held her in its clutches—fear. Fear of tonight, fear of the possibility of Helena’s challenge, fear that if she left this room to find him right now he wouldn’t see her. Fear that held her by the throat and would not let her go. She was not a victim of it, but a willing participant.
She froze. Some faraway sound hit her ears. Was that...footsteps? The sound became louder, grew clearer as whoever made those hard steps came closer to the bedroom door. A flicker of fear kept her frozen in place like a statue. Whoever came for her knew she could hear, made their steps loud enough to hear from a great distance. Felicity straightened her spine and prepared herself for whatever was coming for her.
The booming steps stopped right outside her door. Not even a moment later her door shoved open so hard it whacked against the door stopper behind it making the little metal spring boing. Startled, Felicity jumped, her hand flying to her throat.
A shadow filled the doorway. She inhaled an unsteady breath and at once warmth filled her blood like syrup.
“Dom,” she whispered.
As if answering her call, he strode into the bedroom, all tall man. He wore the same clothes from last night but he’d lost the suit jacket, he’d rolled up his shirtsleeves to reveal dark crisp hairs along his forearms, and his pants were rumpled. He looked fierce with his legs spread slightly apart, his hands held in loose fists at his sides, and those eyes... 
Eyes that could make her melt, freeze, and aroused with only a look, stared at her with a vibrant, hungry need. A need so powerful her stomach trembled at the sight of it. He looked like a cage man who’d just been set free. 
“Come here.”
Two words but they seemed to grab her by the throat and make her breath catch with how he said them. She didn’t nod, didn’t agree that she’d obey him, she just did because how could she not? When all she wanted was to be held in his arms again, to have his gentle kisses and possessive touch drive away her sleepless, worrisome night.
She went to him, and he stepped into her as if he couldn’t wait any longer. Their bodies met: chest to chest, thigh to thigh, or as close as they could meet with their height difference. 
He cupped her jaw. That simple touch eased the knot of fear in her belly, sent her eyes fluttering shut.
“I need to tell you something.”
Simple words, straightforward words. She stiffened at them. Blood turned to ice. The hands on her face lost their comforting touch. She wished it’d come back because all she could feel was cold. 
“Yes?” Maybe if she didn’t open her eyes she could pretend this wasn’t happening, that whatever terrible news he’d come to deliver would not hurt as much as she knew it would.
“Look at me.”
Her head shook before she could even say the words. “No.”
“Felicity.” His voice held a warning.
Don’t make me look you in the eyes when you crush me beneath your beautiful boot. She opened her eyes. She met his stare. Hers miserable with sadness, his determined and unreadable. Those dark brown eyes searched over hers, reading her. Maybe because of the lack of sleep but Felicity found she didn’t have the energy to pretend happiness, so she didn’t.
His thumbs stroked along her jaw. He cursed low and dark, his grip tightening at whatever he found there. “Fel, I’m sorry. What I said last night—” he trailed off as he closed his eyes and rolled his neck. “I didn’t mean it. I was pissed but not at you and I took it out on you.” Those powerful eyes came back to her. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you. Forgive me?”
She read his eyes, studied them to judge his sincerity. Finding them true, she shrugged. He’d apologized but the hurt didn’t go away. “You were a dick.”
The thumbs stroking her stilled. “Yes, I was. I don’t know if it means anything but I’m under a lot of stress and I felt overwhelmed. I made a mistake and I shouldn’t have taken it out on you. Is that better? Am I forgiven?” His lips twitched as he stifled a laugh.
Her eyes narrowed in faux anger. “Maybe.”
That twitch turned into a full-blown laugh and the sound was too contagious not to echo. And like that, the jittery nerves that had been dancing inside her simply melted away. She didn’t know who moved first but she did know that she reached up to run her fingers in his hair. Their lips met.
Warm lips, soft as silk, and a lick of wetness as he pressed his tongue against her and then he slid inside and the kiss grew. Their breaths mingled, hands found each other and pulled their straining bodies closer. Warmth turned to drugging heat that filled her bones, her blood like need. It grew, sparked threads of pleasure that had been left unseen to the night before.
He kissed along her jaw, hot breaths beating against her before he kissed the sensitive skin at her neck, biting until the skin pulled tight. A soft moan escaped her as little erotic shards raced inside her. Two hard points pressed against her neck, a warning or maybe a signal of what he wanted to do. She craned her neck revealing the expanse of her neck to him needing him to bite her, wanting him to take from her and bring back that connection between them that seemed to make the world stop turning.
His tongue wetted her. He pressed his fangs back against her wet neck. She shivered like a naked woman standing outside on a cold night.
“Felicity,” he said, his voice no more than a growl.
The pressure began in her neck as he sunk those fangs in ever so slowly, so carefully. Centimeter by centimeter he bit down until his lips met her warm skin and his fangs fit into her throat.
It was at that moment his pocket rang, or, rather the phone in it. Just as slowly he pulled away as if hesitant to ruin the moment, but he did and it was shattered.
He answered the phone with a snarl. “What?”
She couldn’t hear the voice on the other line but she watched his eyes narrow and knew they’d not be going back to their special moment together. Nope. She would not be disappointed. Then why did she feel like stomping her foot and pouting? Felicity scolded herself. Stop being so ridiculous.
He closed the phone with a snap, pocketed it. “Come on. It’s time to get ready.” He grabbed her hand and pulled her out the door. “Ah, and one more thing.” In a flash of movement she barely saw, he had her back against the wall and his lips devastating hers. 
If she was forced to describe the kiss she say it was hungry and hard, but even that did not begin to describe the kiss. He devoured her with his tongue and lips. He wrapped her in his arms and gave her no room for escape and as his teeth bit down on her bottom lip, he drank in all her little gasps and moans like an incubus demon feeding off her arousal. 
Then it was over. She braced herself against the wall, blinking while trying to get bring her body back down to some semblance of calm.
His eyes searched her face. He nodded once then leaned down close, his eyes bright as he pressed a soft kiss to the tip of her nose and said, “You’re beautiful, sweets.” 
Chapter 23
 
Time flew by so fast that Felicity resisted the urge to look behind her to find where it went. It seemed like only minutes ago she climbed out of Dom’s bed alone to pace his bedroom floor. Some god must be toying with her because now she stood inside a quiet room adjacent the large hall where more than one hundred people waited to see her mate with Dominic Blackmoore. 
Where had the time gone? Where had she been for it all? She couldn’t have been present even though she knew she was. She went through the motions, played the part, but all day long it felt as though a piece of herself had left her.
The whole evening passed in a whirl. She hardly had time to sit down before Diane, Eduardo, or even Beth pushed her from one task to another. They chose last minute decorations details, which Felicity appreciated as it let her contribute her own taste into the ceremony.
Something did not sit right inside her, but she didn’t have time to sit and consider it because there was so much to do. Did she want this color or that color? Did she prefer the flute glasses smooth or engraved? This color or that. These flowers or those.
Such little details that if she had had the proper time to prepare her own ceremony as most women do she would already have picked out. Instead, she was going to a ceremony that originally was not for her. The thought shouldn’t matter, yet some strange, agitated feeling curled inside her and proceeded to grow as the day went on. This wasn’t her ceremony.
She’d been cleaned, styled, waxed, shaved, misted, and all around beautified. That still hadn’t been the end of it. Next came the process of picking out a dress. Things had been happening so fast lately that she hadn’t even thought about the one aspect of mating that most bruids took seriously—the dress. 
The bruid would keep the dress forever. It was never worn again but the symbol, what it represented, was considered sacred. Bruids were supposed to wrap the dress up neatly, bind it, box it, and stuff it away in a place where it could never become damaged or tainted. 
Felicity knew all this but she never once thought to pick out a dress. Fortunately for her, Diane and Beth had been conspiring behind her back. With Beth’s wisdom at the style of clothes Felicity liked, she and Diane had ordered a plethora of gowns. And really there were a plethora of gowns. 
They pushed Felicity into a chair as Beth and Diane held up dress after dress for her perusal. She undertook the rather fun task of saying yes, no, or maybe to each dress. Before she knew it, they were down to twenty dresses. That was where everything got tricky, but she’d finally settled on the perfect dress. She hadn’t known it by looking at it. No, she had to feel the material draped against her bare skin before a special ping in her chest started to ache. Then she knew; it was the one.
Then why, she had asked herself as she stared at her reflection, did something feel wrong? Is this how all bruids felt? How could anything feel out of place when something incredible was about to happen? She loved Dominic. In such a short span of time she had met someone who made her heart flutter, who was strong and stalwart, and he cared for her. It was as if all the little pieces of some invisible puzzle had been put together. 
Then why do I feel this doubt? Felicity stopped herself short at the thought, reeling.
The dress was a brilliant deep red—Dom’s favorite color according to his mother. Tulle material draped over her shoulders leaving her neck and arms bare. The bodice clung to her form like a glove but not too tight. The inside was silk or satin she couldn’t tell which. All she knew was that it was soft and luxurious feeling and if she could sleep in sheets made of the material she would. Shiny diamonds covered the bodice that twinkled in the light. They speckled the bodice making her feel like a queen wearing real diamonds on her dress. That was only one small part in comparison to the rest of the gown. The part that sold her on it. The part that made her breath catch and her eyes widen as her heart thudded with rightness, with a feeling that this was the dress. This was the dress she’d become someone’s mate in.
The bottom reminded her of something old-fashioned an aristocrat might wear attending a real ball where couples danced strict dances and women always carried fans. The bottom billowed out around her like the top of a goblet and a length of material stayed behind her leaving a train as she walked. All of that, she loved, but it wasn’t her favorite part. Her favorite, the part that made her know that Dominic was meant to see her in it, was the downward arches that pulled the material into waves and were held up at the ends by a large, diamond-shaped gem. It was the most beautiful dress she’d ever seen, and she would mate with Dominic Blackmoore in it.
She refused to even think the word lest it curse her, but like a magnet, the more she tried to push the thought away the closer it came until its nasty face reared. 
Doubt.
“How do you feel?”
Felicity jerked around at Beth’s question. A quiver trembled in her belly. Even wrapping her arms around her belly procured no added warmth or relief from her troubling thoughts.
The time was now.
She stood in a small clutter-free room adjacent the mighty hall. She could hear voices colliding together into one as people chatted excitedly. This was the occasion to behold, made even more scandalous by the fact that their invitations originally had a different woman’s name on it. Scandalous indeed. This was the mating ceremony of the century. The press was camped out at every door. The windows had to be blocked off because the flashes from their cameras were distracting. 
“Good,” she answered, forcing strength into her voice.
Beth looked ravishing in a bright yellow dress that made her dark coloring look even more beautiful. Beth frowned. “Come on, spill it. I know you and I know when you’re scared. You’re scared right now.”
Too many high emotions had been colliding through Felicity these past few days and seeing her friend again, hearing the caring, thoughtful words brought tears to her eyes.
“Hey now! I’ll have none of that. It’s your wed—I mean mating day or whatever you call it.” Mumbling, Beth snatched a box of tissues off the table and thrust them out to her. Felicity took one, her smile wobbling.
“God, I missed you,” Felicity said.
“I missed you too.”
Felicity eyed her friend, welcoming the distraction from her thoughts. “You look good.” She looked better, much better than the last time she saw her. The pain of having her fantasy shattered was finally beginning to fade.
“I feel good. I’m done with all...that. I’m done, moving on. I’ve actually gone on a few dates with someone.”
Felicity glanced at the clock on the wall, noted the time—ten ‘til. Ten minutes until Diane came back for her and walked her into that room where the rest was up to her. Felicity’s eye twitched. Breathing in quick breaths, she buried her face in a tissue as she got control of herself. “With who?” 
“A man I met leaving the bookstore. We actually bumped into each other. My books went flying. We ran into each other so hard, I fell back and landed on my ass.”
Felicity ran her nails up and down her arm. “Really?” Damn. The itch only seemed to spread the more she tried to make it go away. In no time she was scratching the other arm where invisible little bugs seemed to be marching up and down her skin.
“Really. Of course, that may also be because the man’s built like...I don’t even know how to describe it. Like a bull?” She looked at Felicity encouragingly.
“Don’t look to me for help. I don’t know what he looks like.” She chuckled but with her dry throat, it turned into a hard, wracking cough. 
“Well he’s tall, like really tall and built like an ox. Just all that packed muscle in his shoulders and arms and chest. The kind I could climb and hold on to for dear life.”
Felicity shook her head, an erratic motion. “That doesn’t even make sense.”
“Whatever,” Beth said. “He asked me for my number right there and after I picked my jaw off the floor I gave him my email instead. He did email me and we hooked up, had a great first date, and then another one, and we’re set to go out again this weekend.”
Felicity smiled for her friend but it was a little too bright, a little too forced. “I’m so happy for you. You deserve to meet a nice guy and go out and have a good time, and who knows, maybe find some love along the way.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
A brisk knock sounded at the door. Felicity jumped about a foot in the air at the sound. She came down hard, her high heel nearly slipping on her train. Beth raised a brow at her little antics and went to answer the door. Diane Blackmoore waited outside. “It is time.”
Felicity followed Diane down the hall and tried to keep her breathing steady lest someone hear it. She could not have anyone questioning her, doubting her decision, even if she felt as twitchy as if she’d been shot with electricity.
The voices had gone silent in preparation for the arrival of the male and his bruid. Felicity wrung her hands wishing she had something to hold in them. Maybe that was why humans carried flowers down the aisle, so the women would have something to wring.
“So, what’s his name?” she asked Beth. 
Diane flashed her a curious look and Felicity nodded at Beth who walked on her other side. Beth smiled a warm and happy look. “Jay.”
Felicity cocked a brow. “Jay and Beth. I like it.” Get control of yourself, Fel.
The rolling, twisting bundle of snakes squirming in her belly writhed faster. She could see the doorway now, the two doors which Dom’s bodyguard held open. She smiled tentatively at Griffin. The big man winked at her and with that some of the nerves dissolved, the snakes slowing their twining movements. 
“What’s wrong?”
Felicity blinked then looked to her right. Diane was watching her with a knowing look. 
Felicity cleared her throat. “Sorry?”
“You stopped walking, dear. Is everything well? I know how nervous I was when I was mated.”
“Yes, nervous. Yes.” That’s all she could say so she didn’t bother trying to make the words pretty.
Diane nodded then told Beth to go find her seat. Turning back to Felicity, Diane smiled. It was the first real, sincere smile Felicity had ever seen on the woman. It had a kind, motherly quality to it. “I’ve been in your shoes and I know how you feel. All I can say is that when I crossed that threshold many, many years ago and saw my mate waiting for me standing tall amongst our peers, proud to claim me, every bit of nervousness I felt withered away.”
“Really?”
“Absolutely.”
“Is Helena in there?”
Diane stiffened but shook her head. “I was told to keep posted on her arrival but as of yet she isn’t here. I suspect she wouldn’t actually try to enrage Dominic’s temper. She probably said what she did to get a rise out of you, to make you look a fool or worry or some such thing. Don’t let her get to you. This night is about you and my son.”
“Right, of course, I’ll do that.” She was excited about mating with Dominic. However, the slithering bundle of nerves continued to torment her stomach, and she still had to control her breathing.
Diane gave her hand a squeeze then walked into the hall with her head held high leaving Felicity alone. 
Deep breaths, in and out. 
Felicity turned her back on Griffin and the other guard, one whose name she could not recall. Rick?
She turned away from them, away from the hall. Why was she so nervous? She had jitters in her stomach, her arms itched like something had bit her, and her eye ticked again. It felt so much like that time after she’d been in a car accident, when she’d gathered her bearings and could feel the wind blowing through the hair on her arms, hear the rubber of tires rolling against the concrete as cars drove by—everything had become sharper, more clear in a way she’d never experienced before. Now she felt that same sensation. 
The pulse at her neck thudded hard. She could feel it moving, pulsing against her thin skin like it wanted to beat its way out. 
Why wasn’t she marching in there right now and claiming her mate? Why did she feel...doubt? 
She swallowed over the dry, cottony lump in her throat.
Then she started walking. One strong voice called out after her. Heart hammering in her chest like an incessant knock, she did not slow her stops, did not look over her shoulder. 
Steps turned into a long stride which turned into running. Not towards the hall and down the long pathway that led to where the man she loved stood, but away from him. Away from it all.
Fear and panic clogged her throat, urged her and she listened, flying out a side door and into a crowd of surprised reporters. There was a heavy pause where everyone stopped with mouths agape before cameras lifted to their faces and started clicking away. Bright white flashes pulsed in her face making her eyes water. The questions came next, thrown at her like hard rocks, digging the self-inflicted wound deeper. 
“Are you running away?”
“Can you tell us if you’re fleeing from Dominic Blackmoore because of his ex-bruid Helena?”
“Does this mean you don’t love him?”
“Were you really only after Blackmoore for his money?”
They piled closer and closer until everywhere she turned she saw more and more faces. The faces started to spin and swim together in a cloudy mix of colors. Breathing in quick pants, Felicity narrowed her gaze on one face and pushed at him with all her might. It worked. One reporter was caught by her attack and went flying back, camera soaring through the air.
She made a gap in the circle around her and dove through it, sprinting towards freedom. Where that freedom was she did not know but she knew it wasn’t here, not in this place where the air suffocated her.
She sprinted across a brief expanse of lawn that stopped along the black asphalt’s circular drive and led to the front of the building. A single car was pulling up. It slowed and she raced for it, kicking off her heels in the process and letting them fly. The voices of the reporters faded but she swore she could feel theirs breaths beating down her neck.
The car stopped, and then the passenger door swung open. Felicity jammed her feet into the ground to stop.
Oh, no. It couldn’t be.
Helena came out wearing the most astonished expression Felicity had ever seen on someone. It was the sort of expression she would expect to see on one’s face if they saw a UFO land in front of them. Instead, it was only Helena watching Felicity in the midst of her escape.
“You’re running away.” Helena couldn’t have sounded more surprised.
Felicity could hardly believe the words herself and she was the one trying to do it.
“Move!” Felicity barked. She shoved Helena away from the car and glanced inside. The alpha Zeke looked her once over and his lips curled up into a predatory grin.
“Need a lift?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Then get in.”
She shoved herself in, slammed the car door shut on her dress but he didn’t peel away from the curb.
Hands shaking, she wiped hair out of her face and stared at the growing crowd from the door she’d exited. He was coming for her. She could feel it as surely as if their bodies moved as one. His steps were thundering, barreling, and storming through the hall for her, filled with anger and shock.
She’d still maintained that she was the most surprised. Yet, doing this felt more right than standing in that hall with all those people waiting. When someone else’s name had been on those invitations first, and a mad woman wanted to challenge her. It all felt so wrong. It shouldn’t be like that.
“What are you waiting for?” she all but screamed the words. Couldn’t he see this was the very definition of an emergency?
She fiercely started biting her fingernails, tearing skin and nail in her wake. The reporters came snapping pictures of the car and she ducked her face away.
“For the perfect moment, darlin’.”
“Please, just go,” she begged, her words a hoarse whisper. Her eyes started watering. The faster she blinked to try to cast them away, the faster they fell down her face. “Please.” She didn’t want to see him. She couldn’t. What if she couldn’t go through with it?
All of a sudden, a clatter of excitement went up in the crowd. Camera flashes whipped at the night casting away the shadows and revealing one dark and fearsome face that came from a man standing above the rest.
And he came straight for her.
“Go! Now!”
“Just a little longer, chère.”
Dominic started running with all his vampire speed. She panted as the tightness in her chest squeezed to an impossible point, until her breaths wheezed out from her in a thin stream of air. 
Oh god, oh god, oh god.
He came within feet of them. She could almost feel his heat, smell his unique scent, but then the car pitched forward.
Zeke slammed the accelerator down and the car lurched fast. Her mouth dropped as she stared into Dom’s stunned, angry face in the side mirror. He came to an abrupt standstill, staring. So much emotion clouded his eyes she couldn’t begin to decipher all of it, but she’d seen one thing. She’d seen something which could not be unseen—his pain. She’d hurt him.
They locked eyes. He did not come after her and she did not tell Zeke to stop the car. They watched each other until they swung around the bend and she could watch no more.
She’d left him. They both knew it, and she wasn’t even sure why she did it. 
Doubt.
Zeke reached over and gave her thigh a pat. Felicity jerked her leg away. “Ah, there, there, darlin’. Ole’ Zeke’ll take care of you now. You want away from Dom? Away from all this?”
His offer was like a prayer answered.
Felicity could stop all of this. She could get out of this car and go back to him. It wasn’t too late to fix this, to tell Dom that she had been acting irrationally but she felt better now. To tell him that she wasn’t terrified about all of this. 
But it would all be a lie.
So, Felicity met a pair of bright blue eyes that wavered unsteadily with knowledge she did not quite understand, and nodded. “Yeah, I do.”
Zeke tossed his head back and laughed. The laugh sounded very much like he’d just gotten something he wanted.
Chapter 24
 
Everyone in the room stood still as if they were trying to become one with their surroundings by melding into it. 
Tense didn’t begin to cut the atmosphere of Dominic Blackmoore’s office only hours after his bruid abandoned him at their mating ceremony. Even the air noticed the tension and slowed itself. becoming stifling. No one dared to breathe loud or speak up. Dominic’s brothers simply stared at the wall, at the floor, or at the ceiling, anywhere but in his eyes. Eyes that bordered on violence.
Dominic leaned forward, the leather of his desk chair squeaking as he grabbed the decanter and poured himself another glass. The thick, viscous fluid laced with spirits settled in his body like fire, a fire he stoked with each fresh swallow. His glass clinked on his desk as he slammed the empty cup down.
“I want her found.”
“I’ve already got a team on her,” Grayson said.
Dom stared into his empty glass, and then poured another. “You won’t be able to find her,” he found himself saying. It was as if none of this was happening and he was in someone else’s body dealing with the pain and loss. It couldn’t have been Felicity he saw willingly running from him. He’d seen everything he needed to in her eyes—the fear, the panic, the pain.
She left me.
“Then why bother sending a team after her?”
“Because I said so.”
Vasilius sucked on the end of a cigar. A cloud of smoke billowed around him as he spoke. “We can never find the alpha when he wants to hide. We already know he’s ditched the car. One of the boys spotted it on the side of the highway.”
“I’ll get a team out there.” Grayson pulled out his cell and made the call.
Lucas pitched in his ideas; most of them filled with worry over her being alone with the wild alpha. A man whose sanity was in question.
Dom listened to all this but the voices sounded as though they came from the back of his head. From some faraway distance at the end of a long tunnel.
In his whole life, very few things had ever surprised him. He preferred life this way. Surprises meant he couldn’t prepare for what was about to happen. Unpredictability, not knowing, these were legitimate fears that could eat at him until it consumed him. To ensure that surprises, especially ones he was not capable of dealing with, didn’t happen he planned. It all stayed in his head, but it was there. A neat little plan with all the possible consequences to any circumstance that might warrant it.
Tonight, the night he’d mate with Felicity Shaw, his list had covered the possible consequences. 
But not this kind.
His glass started shaking on his desk. He watched it with mute interest before finally pulling his thoughts away to find the cause of it. Looking down, he found his leg brushing up against his desk, and it was shaking so hard he’d been moving the desk.
He jerked his leg back and poured another drink. A light-headed rush swam through his head, muddying his thoughts, making them fuzzy.
He’d prepared for every possible outcome tonight. He’d been prepared for Helena which had been the obvious danger. He knew she’d most likely make good on her threat if only to piss him off, and so he found a way to trap her. He’d had his lawyer draw up a document cutting off her financially. With separation, the male had to pay his bruid a yearly allowance based off the life she’d been accustomed to. If he broke the contract, which he’d been prepared to do tonight, then she could sue him over it. However, after his lawyers were through with her she’d have no money left to hire her own.
He had planned to use the money against her if she dared to challenge Felicity. The only thing Helena valued above herself was money. Money was her power. He’d even prepared himself for the instance in case Zeke, or any other male for that matter, decided to challenge him for the rights to Felicity. He’d spent half the night training with his brothers, fighting until his knuckles bled and his ribs ached and bruised. He’d had to sit down, drink blood, and heal up before he returned to Felicity later that morning so she wouldn’t know. He didn’t want her to worry.
Everything had been planned and prepared for. Everything but this. 
She was gone.
She left me.
Dominic gripped the glass, stared into the empty cup where drops of blood and alcohol coated the bottom in a thin film, and squeezed. He squeezed with all the anger shaking in his bones until, with a crunch, the glass shattered. Shards cut into his palm. Fresh blood spilled down his hands, mixing with the glass. He stared at the bright red mixture for a moment before turning his palm over and pulling out little dregs of glass rooted in his palm. 
“Fucking hell, Dom.” Lucas strode forward, snatched a towel from the bar, and thrust it at him. “Clean yourself up.” He paused to unbutton the collar of his shirt with agitated jerks. Everyone was so dressed up. All for a ceremony that didn’t happen. “Listen, I know you must be freaking but we’ll get her back.”
Get her back. His mind slowly turned over those words like it was an object he could inspect. Get her back? Did he even want that? The answer came swift, hard, and resounding—yes. The word echoed in his brain, in his heart. Yes, he needed her back. 
But she’d left.
Why?
The question haunted him, burned him down to his soul. Why had she done it? His mind tried to search for answers. Did she not love him? Was she too overwhelmed? Didn’t she know he’d take care of her? Did she want that damaged alpha instead? She couldn’t have wanted money because she didn’t make out with any.
So the question remained. 
Why.
He did not have the answer but he was prepared to find out.
Wrapping the towel around his fist, he looped it and used his teeth to tug on the end until he’d made a knot.
“I’m going to find her.” He stood as he spoke, his words taking command.
He met each of his brother’s bewildered stares.
“You can’t.” This from Vas who looked at Dom as if he was an idiot. 
“You wanna watch me?” Dom said, his voice dark.
 Vas threw up his hands. “Listen, she may be gone but in about, oh,” he glanced down at his watch, “Five hours polls will open.”
Dom drew himself up with a start. He’d actually forgotten. Amid all the insanity happening he’d actually forgotten that the election would start in a matter of hours. Dom’s gaze found a clock to ensure that Vas wasn’t pulling his chain, but of course, his brother was right. 
Had it really been only hours since she left him? 
A brisk knock sounded at his study door. His mother entered. Instantly, he knew something was wrong. Something more wrong than the fact that Felicity left him.
“What is it?”
She opened her mouth to speak and then snapped it shut. Walking over to the bar, she found the remote behind it, pointed it up to the TV above the bar, and turned it on.
A news report came on. A reporter stood outside the hall he’d been at with Felicity not that long ago. Paparazzi loitered at the scene making it look as if a major crime had taken place. God he hated them.
However, as the reporter started speaking everyone in the room stiffened, breathing seized.
“Yes, this is exciting news Cameron, not only do the reports say that Ms. Felicity Shaw fled from her own mating ceremony with Dominic Blackmoore, but now we’re receiving word that Ms. Shaw lied in order to get her position with the Blackmoore family.”
The camera cut back to a well-groomed man with white hair combed to the side. His even whiter teeth gleamed under the lights of the news studio amidst his tanned skin. “Yes, by our reports Felicity Shaw lied to get her job. That’s right, the reports are only now coming in from an anonymous source but our researchers are saying they are finding evidence right now that Felicity Shaw did not have previous experience stated on her résumé. So, tell me Stacy, if she did all this to get the job and she ended up with Mr. Blackmoore then what could have scared her off?”
The camera flashed back to the reporter standing outside the hall. “Well, some are saying it’s for fame others for her possible lover to the alpha Zeke Hunter. Some are even saying it’s because of Dominic Blackmoore’s previous relationship with Helena Blackmoore, formerly Helena Garret that caused her to run away.”
Back in the newsroom, white-teeth spoke. “What a shame to leave Dominic Blackmoore standing along on at his mating ceremony and with his presidential election tomorrow—”
The TV cut off. Dom’s mother pursed her lips. “Did any of you know about this?”
Voices rose, arguments grew heated like a dry logged tossed on fire. Dom kept silent, his eyes still locked on the TV. She’d lied on her résumé. The news was hardly a big deal. In fact, the news didn’t bother him at all, but ever trained to perceive possible consequences he knew he’d taken a hit. His whole campaign had just taken a massive hit.
“How bad is this going to be?” he asked.
The arguments subsided. Shaking his head, Vas took a long puff from his cigarette and blew it out in a puffy cloud. “Big, I suspect. Rather overestimate the damage than under. With her running like this, it’s already going to be the talk of the day. I suggest we make some statements about your broken heart, shit like that to get people’s sympathies up.”
Dom’s lips curled with distaste. Use her for his own campaign? “No.”
Vas lifted a black eyebrow as he tossed up his arm. “Well what do you suggest? You’re going to take a hit within hours of polls opening, Dom. Nothing’s going to stop that from happening.”
“That may be the case but I’m not using her like that.”
Vas wheezed out a long sigh. “Fine...fine...I guess we can...at least save face with the résumé bullshit. Say we did know about it the whole time. That she hadn’t lied. Cover up for it”
“I don’t care. Spin it if you have to, but I’m going after her.”
His mother’s head snapped towards him then she was stalking towards him, her heels clicking in hard snaps on the floor. “You need to be here. This election is bigger than you or her. It’s about your father’s memory. This is what he wanted from you, why you always worked so hard under him. Do not throw this away, Dominic. Do not. You need to get out there and speak to the people. We’ll get the speechwriters in here straight away and work something out. We’ll find a way to use this to our advantage. Vas made a great point. We can play on their sympathies for you.”
Dom felt his mother’s words like physical blows to his gut. He’d spent years working his father’s campaigns, helping him to read and write bills, and create decisions based off people’s values. They’d been a great team, but since he died, Dom had never been more ready to step up and take responsibility. He craved it like a much needed breath of air after holding it in for too long.
He turned to Vas and Lucas. “The résumé situation is not an issue. As for Felicity, no one needs to know what we’re doing. We’re not commenting.”
Lucas shook his head. “You don’t comment they’ll do the commenting for you. I know all about the media like this. Any chance they get to twist things and make it sound more controversial than it really is they’ll do it. They don’t care who they hurt or how far they have to stretch the truth. This could crush you.”
Dom was already yanking off his suit jacket, pulling off the bow tie, and taking off the suit he would have been mating to Felicity in. “Take care of it but do it any other way than I say and you’ll be dealing with me.”
With that, he strode out of the room slamming the door behind him. Outside, he refused his guard, got in his car, and drove. He drove to the part of the highway where the alpha’s car had been dumped. 
He might not have the senses of a were whose nose could smell better than most dogs, but he had something else—Felicity’s blood. Having shared her blood he had a closer connection to her than if they were holding hands. No matter what happened, he’d find her and when he brought her back, whether kicking and screaming or calm and docile, she was going to be punished.
And then he was mating with Felicity Shaw. 
Chapter 24
 
“What have I done?” 
She’d meant to ask the question to herself, but the alpha’s exceptional hearing picked up her misery-driven question as easily as if she’d screamed it.
Zeke lifted his head from some brown leather journal he’d been scribbling in and grinned. When he grinned like that the dimple in his chin poked out as well as the ones in both of his cheeks. Felicity rolled her eyes and forced herself to look away. He was a handsome man, but she would not be won by his southern charm no matter how much of it he had in spades. Besides, he kept muttering to himself but none of it made sense and when he wasn’t doing that he was quiet. Too quiet. She couldn’t hear him breathe and when he moved he didn’t make a sound.
“You’ve created a whole lot of chaos, darlin’. Couldn’t have done much better if I’d been the one doing it.”
Felicity rubbed the heel of her palm against her chest where a heavy pain throbbed. “I didn’t want to hurt him. I wasn’t trying to create problems.” 
I just needed to get out of there. 
It’d been too fast. Maybe if he’d slept with her the night before and they hadn’t ended the night with him yelling at her then things would be different. Maybe if Helena hadn’t threatened her. Maybe, maybe, maybe. Maybe many things might have changed the outcome of last night. In one of those little scenarios maybe she would have had enough confidence to go down that aisle and get mated. But she hadn’t been able to do it.
“Yeah, well you did a great job of it.” He scribbled one last thing down in his book, the ink scratching on the paper. He snapped it shut.
“Where did you bring me?”
He stood and held his arms out to indicate the dark space. “This, Mizz. Shaw is my humble abode. Don’t worry your pretty little skin now we’re underground. That sun won’t touch you today, my dear.”
“Today’s the election.”
“Don’t I know it? Do I need to ask who you’re voting for?” He laughed at his own joke and proceeded into the next room. It had three large TVs on the wall, two opened laptops sitting on a table and several other Weres. She hadn’t even felt their presence. How could Weres be so quiet? They lounged on the couches, of which there were many. The big room had three couches plus four sofas and enough floor space to sit a small classroom of children. 
And judging by all the news reports VNN, V News Network, CNN, and other channels the race was already on. The sound stayed muted but black-and-white subtitles scrolled across the bottom of the screen.
A picture flashed on screen of Dominic and then her breath caught as a picture of her running from the hall came across the screen. Oh god. They were already talking about it. The reporter speculated about whether this would affect the election for Dominic. Felicity realized for the first time just how dire her decision was. She might have cost the whole election for him.
“I have to go.”
No one turned to her. No one spoke.
Louder, she said, “I have to go! You have to take me back. I need to speak with them and set things straight.”
Zeke touched a few buttons on the remote and the sound came on. “I don’t think so, Mizz. Shaw.”
“What do you mean? Just show me how to get out of here and I’ll leave.” She’d followed him deep into the woods after stopping at some nondescript part of the highway. Sure it’d been odd but she’d been desperate. In her world desperate outweighed odd by a lot. They’d walked on for quite some time but she hadn’t paid much attention. She’d been too numb from all that had happened. Her mind still reeling from shock at her own decision. When they’d stopped suddenly and he pulled open a wooden door in the ground she’d blinked and followed him down the ladder. All she knew now was the alpha Zeke had an underground lair.
He tsked. “Don’t think so, shuga. That man of yours is about going ape shit, I ‘spect. He’s going to try to find you.” He gave her a slow smile, but this time it gave her a chill down her spine. “He won’t though. No one finds me unless I want them to.”
“Why would you want to keep me here? I’m nothing to you.”
His men chuckled and gave her approving smiles as if to say thanks for the laugh, lady. She glared back at them.
“Listen, I’ve known Dom for a long, long time. That man...” his voice trailed off as something on his laptop caught his eye. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he muttered. His fingers flew across the keyboard like rapid fire. Then he tossed his head back and laughed, the sound maniacal.
Felicity took a step back. “I want out of here.” She made her voice firm hoping that would do the trick.
The alpha didn’t even spare her a glance. “Good luck. You’re welcome to try to get the hatch open. Even if you somehow managed to do that, which I doubt, then you won’t find your way back to the road.”
One of the Weres nodded his head in affirmation of the alpha’s words.
“At least let me call him.”
I have to fix this. I never meant to hurt his campaign.
Zeke turned to face her. Gone was the smile, the humor in his eyes. In its place was stoicism, a man who would not budge if a god struck him. “You don’t get it, do you? You’re mine now. Dom’s going to be running around like a chicken with his head cut off and while he’s doing that, I’m going to make sure the news is running ads about your little résumé lie, your little runaway bruid fiasco, and while that happens my points are gonna go up. So, darlin’, you ain’t goin’ nowhere. Have a seat.”
Like a heavy weight pressing on her shoulders it finally dawned on her what she’d done. Dom probably thought she left him for Zeke. He’d be an idiot if he thought that but the possibility was there. She loved him, crazy loved him with all her heart. A tear slipped down her face and her breath hitched. She shouldn’t have left. She should have run down that aisle to him not away from him. He would have kissed her, pulled her close, and made her feel like everything would be fine. 
But she’d done none of those things. She’d run the other way in a storm of panic and anxiety that had gripped her with its cold fingers. Now she had to fix this shit-storm she’d caused. She had to repair the damage before it was too late.
With all the dignity she could muster, she walked back to the ladder that she’d climbed down not that long ago. Then she climbed up the stairs in her red gown that Dom probably would have liked and proceeded to jam her shoulder into the hatch with the intention of not stopping until she got out of here.
 
Chapter 25
 
Sweat dripped down his forehead, curved around a wrinkle at the corner of his eye, and then dipped onto his eyeballs. With a hiss, he blinked at the salty burn over his retina.
He’d long lost his shirt. What had been a crisp white linen shirt pressed into perfect creases from an iron had turned into something a dog would love to roll in. He’d searched every inch of the forest, but he was losing time. The sun was coming. He could feel the heat of it like a lamp on his skin burning. He didn’t have much time before it ascended the sky. 
The earth kept turning when he wanted to roar at it to stop. Just stop for a few hours. He needed time. Time that he couldn’t get back. 
Where was she?
He kept moving, flying with all the speed his supernatural body had and startling squirrels and the like in his wake. He would find her.
What if you can’t? What if she’s gone for good?
With a vicious growl he slammed his fist into a tree. It cracked down the middle like a lightning strike, and then split apart as it crashed down to earth. Breathing like a rabid animal, he circled the forest, his eyes searching.
Searching for what though?
Anything! A piece of her clothing, a strand of her beautiful blonde hair, a tickle of her scent clinging to a branch she’d touched.
Zeke is too good, doubt said. If he doesn’t want to be found, he won’t be.
He couldn’t stay idle. There wasn’t enough time. Soon the sun would come up and he’d have to make quick work back home. And then what? Grayson’s men would continue their search using Were guards but still.
If he didn’t want to be found, he wouldn’t be.
“FUCK!” His shout echoed through the forest. The sound a hollow version of himself.
The car at the highway could all be a trick. He could have had one of his pack come pick him up to throw them off his trail. He could have taken her across the highway to the other side. It might be more dangerous, but the man was mad and capable of anything. Dom wouldn’t put much past him. 
He fisted his hair, tugging until the strands pulled and snapped as he gritted his teeth, gnashing. How could she do this to him? Dom barked another curse then continued his search through the forest. He would find her, and when he did she would pay and the price would be high.
Sweat ran down his chest, smearing the dirt and grime on his body into an oil painting of color. The phone in his pocket beeped. He didn’t stop running as he pulled it out. The message was a text from Grayson. 
All it said was: Sunrise.
The sweat didn’t come from the strain in his muscles or the pounding work of his lungs and heart. No, it came from the scalding heat. From that orange glow that began to rise so far in the distance.
He couldn’t do it. 
He couldn’t find her.
Failure coated his tongue with a sour taste.
He turned back, running away from it—the sun, Felicity, his election.
Blazing heat scored his back like burning flames as he left the forest a shirtless, dirty bum. The open light seared him until tendrils of black smoke drifted up around him. He gritted his teeth and braced his legs apart, muscles bunched hard and shaking as the pain consumed him.
Yes, this was better, better than the pain of dealing with what she’d done.
The sound of a car pulling up didn’t even make him open his eyes. Not even when he heard Grayson’s voice, deep and raspy; his breath smelling of cigarettes.
“Come on, man. Let’s get you home.”
He was helped into a car, shut in, and he didn’t feel a thing as he gazed out at the forest. 
 
* * * * * * *
 
Why was it when terrible things happened time seemed to pass so much slower? Time was a bitch. It wanted you to feel every single second of agony, to see all the details of the mistake you made. Yet, during the most exciting moments of your life time seemed to fly by so quickly you’re unable to stop and simply enjoy the moment. Felicity hated it and if time was human, she’d kill it.
Time was all she had. None of it allowed her to open the hatch, which after four hours of trying to open it, one of the Weres finally came in and told her they’d latched it from the outside too. A big metal bar was across the door so it wouldn’t budge. Nice. Of course, they’d had four hours to tell her this but they hadn’t. They’d let her cry and hurt as she tried to get the blasted door open to get free. To get back to Dom and explain. It still wasn’t too late.
For some reason a terrible thought struck her that if she allowed the sun to come up without explaining herself to Dom then something awful would happen. 
But she hadn’t gotten it open and they wouldn’t let her go. So she’d spent all day sitting on a sofa watching the news. Dom’s points dropped and dropped as more pictures of her popped up. When pictures of her mother on the beach with her boyfriend came on screen she’d nearly cried. They were digging into her past and searching for every piece of dirt on her, and finding it.
They called her a liar, a whore, a gold-digger, and anything else that came to the reporter’s little minds.
It wasn’t true, at least not mostly true since she had lied some, but it hurt all the same. As the hours passed like fine grains of sand moving through tar, she could only sit by and watch Dom’s numbers come in, lower and lower.
She never even got out to vote.
Judgment came at ten o’clock that night. VNN reported Zeke the winner. The men cheered, or roared, more like. And it was all her fault. She’d done this. Her fit of anxiety had cost him a whole election. 
Will he ever forgive me?
She sucked in a hiccupped breath. How could he ever forgive her? She’d ruined his dreams over her stupid fears and panic. Oh god. Clutching her knees to her chest, Felicity buried her face in her knees to hide the tears.
She needed to apologize but how? No amount of explaining, apologies, or gifts could give him that election back. Nor could any of it take back the pain and frustration she’d caused him. 
Something brushed her ankle. Sniffling, she pulled away to see Zeke had dropped a cellphone next to her. He stood over her, grinning.
“Go ahead, give him a call. I have a victory celebration to get to. You’re looking at the new president of the vampire and Weres.” He flicked up an imaginary collar then strode away.
Felicity stared at the phone for far too long before gathering enough courage to pick it up. As she began pushing the buttons to dial him, she quickly hit text instead of dial. She couldn’t handle talking to him. What if he didn’t answer the phone? 
What if he did? 
She couldn’t deal with it right now. Texts were safer. 
Her fingers hovered over the little buttons. What did she say? How to begin? “I’m sorry” seemed so very inadequate for the damage she’d caused.
So, she started with something else.
I know you hate me but I love you. 
Send. 
She held her breath and stared at the screen as it darkened. Would he write her back, ignore her, or pretend he didn’t get the text?
Her answer came exactly four minutes later. Four minutes which felt more like an hour. The phone beeped. Like ripping a Band-Aid fast to get the pain over with she quickly hit the button.
Where are you? 
She stared at the words for several long minutes. What did he mean? Did this mean he wasn’t angry? The thought lifted her spirits but she knew the likelihood of this was near zero.
With Zeke. I tried to leave but he wouldn’t let me. I’m sorry...
Her heart pounded, making her chest rise and fall in great heaves. Wet tears streaked her face. God, this hurt. Her heart burned with a fierce, aching pain like acid had been poured on it.
How inadequate her words looked. It didn’t begin to summarize how freakishly, incredibly, monumentally sorry she was for screwing up, running away, and hurting him. For so many things...
I’m upset with you.
Uh-oh. Felicity shook her head. Well of course he was. Hell, she’d be if their situations were reversed.
I know. I’m REALLY sorry. We need to talk in person, please.
“All right, darlin’ it’s time to get goin’.” Zeke pulled her to the hatch. He climbed up then rapped his knuckles on it in what sounded like a very specific cadence. Sure enough, a few moments later metal screeched and moonlight spilled into the square door.
“You had someone up there watching it the whole time?”
Zeke didn’t answer, just hopped up and out leaving her and the rest of his men to follow. She kept the phone squeezed tightly in her fingers. It beeped as she received a text. It took everything in her not to open it halfway up the ladder and start reading.
The moon hung high in the sky, the air held a crisp chill that brought goose bumps over her arms making her shiver. 
With a rakish grin, Zeke waved towards a tree. “Tie her up over there.”
“What!” She barely had the words out before his guards grabbed her, overpowering. Big, strong motherfuckers.
They wrapped a heavy length of thick ochre rope around her waist and arms. They used enough that even with her vampire strength she wouldn’t be able to break it. At least, not any time soon. She’d have to work at it. Maybe with enough struggling she could loosen it.
Zeke stepped in front of her, his stance wide, grin almost contagious. Felicity glared at him.
He threw up his hands. “Hey now, save the death glare for someone else. I’m leaving you with the phone. Now you might have to use it one handed but I think you’ll find a way.” He gave a low, sweeping bow then lifted his head to wink at her, chunks of blonde hair swept over his tanned brow. “Until next time, darlin’.”
Zeke let out a howl that lifted the hairs on the back of her neck. It wasn’t human. In the next instant, they morphed. It was the only way she could describe it. The alpha transformed quickly, his face elongating into a muzzle, arms growing longer, heavier with dark, sinewy muscle and black talon-like nails. They were two-legged creatures, the Weres, but ran fastest on all fours. They each stood over six feet tall, shaking from the transition like a wet dog getting water out of their fur. Their furs matched the color of their hair. Zeke had a golden yellow fur with brown tips around his face and black paws.
With another softer howl, the team dropped to all fours making the earth shudder then took off into the night. 
This was it. She only had herself right now, and she needed to make things right. Her heart beat like a kid pounding on a drum. It was awkward handling the phone with one hand but she managed to turn it so the screen faced her. She read the last message he sent, then her stomach bottomed out like she’d drifted down a steep slope on a roller coaster.
Just get home.
Not the words she was hoping for. She let her head fall back against the tree. What did she expect that he’d accept her apology with a quick laugh and a smile and move on? She knew how much he’d wanted to win. As of right now she didn’t know what he was more angry at, the fact that she left him at the ceremony, that she’d lied on her stupid résumé which got her the initial interview, or that she’d cost him the election.
Her thumb jabbed over the phone in an unsteady rhythm. Wasn’t easy trying to text one handed.
Lefft alone, forrest. hatach in grounnd. help, pleese!!!
Nothing came. No beeps. Only the night sounds accompanied her.
She didn’t know how much time had passed, but she’d stopped staring at the phone and had the layout of the trees around her mapped. So when the phone in her hand started to ring, she jumped, her hand jerking and out lurched the phone. It landed a good foot to right of her tied hand. Shit. 
She moved into action. This was her chance. She reached, stretching her fingers towards the phone. but she didn’t get farther than stretching out her fingers. She wiggled her arm trying to find some give in the ropes but they’d tied her too tight.
Riiing, riiiing, riiiing.
“Dammit!”
Seething, she tried to maneuver her foot to kick the phone closer but her body just didn’t bend that way. With a frustrated howl, she slammed her head back into the tree, lost, alone, and with her only means of escape ringing right next to her.
Wait a second. Her eyes flew to the phone again, then her gaze darted out across the forest, heart hammering. 
The call ended but then started ringing again and again. It was him! She knew it. He was using the phone to find her. He was going to find her. 
Oh shit.
She frowned, nerves twisting in her belly. He was coming for her. She squirmed against the tree, bark biting into her back but nothing she did could let her escape from Dominic Blackmoore’s clutches.
 
* * * * * * *
 
No sound but a sense of movement brought Felicity’s attention to a corner of the trees. She tensed. A man was coming; tall, lean. Breath caught in her lungs. Dom. It was now or never. She had to face him. Tied to a tree, it wasn’t like she had much of a choice or any place to go.
But the man who stepped through the canopied brush was not Dominic Blackmoore. Leaves rustled, the only sound she heard. The man stooped under another low hanging branch then headed to her flipping his phone shut. The ringing on her phone stopped. 
It wasn’t Dom. He hadn’t come for her.
The man squatted a few feet from her. He wore a worn brown leather jacket with wrinkles in the leather. He had on jeans and black shoes that might have held a shine but now mud and chunks of grass stuck to them. Dark shadows hovered under his reddened eyes. He looked like he hadn’t slept in months not just a few days. The lines in his forehead, around his eyes, and mouth hung down low as if gravity pulled on them harder than everything else. Still, he had undeniable Blackmoore features. Those dark golden brown eyes with the green center, dark hair, and the same sinewy build.
He ran a hand over the fuzz of hair on his head. He cleared his throat, never looking at her. “Ready to go?”
Pain like a heavy weight settled over her chest making it difficult to breathe. Dom had sent someone to get her. He hadn’t come for her himself. That hurt worse than she would have thought and she found herself blinking to keep tears from falling.
“Yeah,” she said, her voice hoarse.
He cut the ropes from her, held his hand out to help her up. “Think you can run?”
She nodded. “Who are you?” One of his brothers she hadn’t met.
He dark grey eyes flicked over her face for a moment. “Grayson.”
“He sent you to get me.” She knew this yet found herself saying the words aloud anyway. Why did it hurt so badly? She deserved this. She knew that. That didn’t help to alleviate the pain though.
“Yeah, come on now.”
She ran a few feet behind him. Branches slapped her face, she stumbled when her foot stuck in mud, and she fell three times landing harder each time. At the last fall, she didn’t bother getting up. Tears flowed silently down her dirty cheeks. 
Grayson grabbed her hand and tugged. “Come on, we’re close to the road now.”
She pulled her hand back, curling it protectively around her chest. “Just leave me here.” He hates me. That one horrifying thought would not get out of her head. Dom hated her. “Why does he even want me to come back?” To hurt or humiliate her?
“He wants you to come back because he loves you.”
She looked up at the ragged, tired looking man who so much resembled Dom. “Did he say that?”
He shook his head—negative. “No, but I know it when I see it. Doesn’t matter what you did, or how bad you fucked up. None of that shit matters because he’ll still feel about you how he does. Nothing you could do could make that go away.”
Her tears stopped. “But I cost him the election.”
He shook his head. “He lost because he didn’t move fast enough with the times, but Zeke did. And he lost because the media spun wild with a story that had nothing to do with him or why he’d do well to serve the people. It’s all shit.”
“Is that what he thinks?” She found herself moving, coming to a stand, a newfound hope growing.
“No.”
She blinked. “But you just said...”
“Yeah, I know what I said.” He pulled a pack of smokes out of his jacket and lit one up. The red glow at the tip was bright in the night light. “What I said was true too but that’s not how he sees it right now. Right now he’s pissed off, really pissed off, and hurting. He’s gonna need to take some time to lick his wounds then the logic will kick over and he’ll analyze it down to what I said. Got that?”
She’d hurt him. He was angry with her. Did that make her eager to want to race back and see him—no. But she had to fix this, had to do the right thing. 
She straightened her shoulders, wiped those tears away, and nodded. No more of that. From here on out she had to stay strong so she could get through this not for her but for Dom too. “All right, let’s go.”
Within minutes they arrived at the side of the road and that quickly her bravado faltered.
Dom stood there, leaning back against an SUV wearing the fiercest scowl she’d ever seen. He glanced up at their arrival and she froze, not at the scowl or the barely restrained violence in his stance, but at the cold anger in his eyes. The look he gave her actually made her shiver, then his eyes were off her, and pretending she didn’t exist.
Grayson slowed his steps, walking much more cautiously than he had been. “Didn’t know you were coming.”
“Changed my mind,” Dom said.
Grayson grunted.
Without sparing her a glance, Dom climbed into the passenger seat. Grayson looked back at her, and then jerked his head towards the car signaling her to get in. For a moment after Grayson took the driver’s seat, she stood there by herself within feet of the man she was supposed to be mated to right now.
She tried to take hold of her feelings. They were running too loose and wild for her tastes. She took a deep breath and let it out then repeated the process until the numb-like cold passed. It never passed completely but enough that she resigned herself for what came next and got in that car.
She wouldn’t realize until later how bad things could get.
Chapter 26
 
She knew when Grayson didn’t take the exit that would go to the estate that they weren’t going there. When they arrived at Dominic’s house she felt a mixture of relief that any possible fighting they might do wouldn’t be in the same house with his mother and any brothers. She also felt terror that they might be alone.
Without a word to his brother Dominic went into the house leaving her to mutter a quick goodbye to Grayson and follow him.
The lights weren’t turned on. She stood in the foyer feeling lost and out of place with no idea where to go or what to do.
“Dom?” she called out.
He didn’t answer, but she heard something shuffling around upstairs. She followed the noise, her steps heavy and slow. She headed for his bedroom where a light spilled out from the cracked door. She stopped in front it, raised her hand to knock, and then lowered it feeling silly.
“Dom?” she tried again.
A big shadow filled the doorway and then the door swung open. Dominic stood there, staring down at her as if he didn’t know her. She sucked in a breath at the sharp pain that look caused.
“I’m so sorry.” The words came. “I’m so sorry about everything. I fucked everything up because I was stupid and impulsive. I know I can never give you that election back, but I’ll do anything you want to help make it right. You want me gone forever just say the words, you want me to go to the media and tell them I’m a lying whore to save your face I’ll do it. Tell me what to do and I’ll do it.”
He stared down at her, silent as a statue.
The pain in her chest grew worse. “Please, won’t you talk to me?”
“What I want,” he said, words slow and very quiet, “is for you to go to sleep in the spare bedroom down the hall.” He closed the door in her face.
Felicity blinked several times as she tried to comprehend how the door got to be closed in her face. She tried to decide how rude he’d been and how necessary that was to the situation. When she’d figured out that indeed it had been pretty rude but she probably deserved it she then thought about leaving. If he brought her all the way up here to ignore her then she’d be better off leaving.
Blowing out a hot breath, Felicity stopped thinking and acted. She banged her fist on his bedroom door in the way police did when they knocked.
The door swung open a few seconds later. Dom glowered down at her only this time his jaw was steadily grinding. He didn’t say a word, merely lifted a questioning brow.
“I want to talk about this now.”
“Go to bed.”
“Then I’m sleeping with you.”
He jerked back, unexpected. “You really don’t want to be around me right now, Felicity.”
She narrowed her eyes. “Does that mean that you don’t want to be around me because that’s what it sounds like?”
“Yeah,” he said flat out.
Now her jaw grinded. “Listen, if you brought me here to be an asshole then forget it. I’m leaving.”
She started down the hallway, but a hand curled around her arm, snapped her back around so she faced him. “You’re not leaving.”
“Then we talk about this right now. I said I’m sorry. I know that doesn’t sound like much and now I’m getting all worked up but I really am sorry, baby. I know I hurt you but it was all an accident. Just let me explain my side of the story, please?”
The hand around her arm curled tighter, enough to worry her, and then he jerked her into the room. The door slammed with a loud bang behind them. They were close now, his eyes were locked on hers; their chests close to touching.
“You want to talk about this right now?”
Felicity paused. At the scary look in his eyes she began rethinking her decision. “Okay, maybe it’s best if we wait until there’s been a little more time for everyone to cool off.”
“Oh, no, sweets. You want to do this now, let’s do this now.”
Why did he have to sound so scary?
“Here I was standing proud in front of my people, my family, my friends waiting for this one woman who’s ensnared me and she doesn’t show. Not only that, I get to stand there in front of all these people worrying about Helena, about the election, about Grayson’s health and a hundred other things that won’t leave me be no matter how hard I try, and then I hear a commotion.” He came towards her, bringing their bodies closer. “Right then, like a gunshot had just gone off, I knew. I knew you were running like a scared little mouse seeing a big hungry cat.”
“I don’t know about that description,” Felicity muttered.
“Oh, yeah, like a little frightened mouse. So I run after you. There’s Helena looking smug and righteous and you, the most beautiful woman in my world, climbing into his fucking car.”
He managed to compliment her and make her blood run cold all in the same sentence. “Dom, I’m sorry. I was scared.”
“You were scared,” he said flatly. “I get scared too. Felicity, doesn’t mean you can run away from it.”
Anger came to a slow boil. “Not everyone is like you, and I’m certainly not like you. Not everyone is as strong as you are. I was scared shitless. I had no one in that room but you. Not even my mother was there, was she? You know what, I don’t talk to her but it would have been nice to have my only family at my mating ceremony. How could I even been excited about the greatest day in my life when I knew I’d be fighting a battle the moment I stepped into that room?”
“Is that what this is about? Helena?” He slowly turned his head to look away, those big hands curling into tight fists, and then he turned back to her with that same level of patience. “I had her taken care of.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“I had a financial trap set up for her. If she dared to try to challenge you, I’d ruin her. I know Helena and she loves nothing more than money. She wouldn’t have touched a hair on your head. I never would have let her touch you. How do you not know that?”
Felicity reeled, started pacing around the room as her voice grew louder. “What? But that’s illegal. If someone wants to challenge then they have the right to do that. You couldn’t threaten her like that.”
His eyes flared. “I can do anything I want and if it means protecting what’s mine then I’ll do anything.”
The fight went out of her, or at least, most of it. “Baby, why didn’t you tell me?”
“Tell you what exactly? I didn’t have a lot of time from the campaign ball, to dealing with the mess there, then work, and the ceremony the next night.”
“You could have found a minute to tell me your little plan! I wouldn’t have been worried that I was going to get my ass kicked in front of all your family and peers and be the biggest embarrassment of the century, Dominic!” She was breathing hard now, chest rising and falling.
“Maybe I should have and maybe you shouldn’t have run from me. We could have talked about it.”
“You never even came back to me that night. Just patted me on the head and shooed me off to bed. What, I wasn’t supposed to worry about being challenged over you? I’m sorry I wasn’t privy to all this ‘financial ruin’ information so naturally I was a bit worried that I’d lose you to that red-headed bitch with claws.” 
Dominic took a hard step towards her and then stopped as if physically trying to hold himself back. His own breaths deepened, eyes grew liquid. “Your fangs,” was all he said.
Confused, Felicity parted her lips and touched the tips with her tongue, just as surprised as he was. She’d grown so angry her fangs had dropped without her knowing it. That meant her eyes were glowing too. Suddenly her eyes shot straight to the pulse thudding at his thick neck. Her mouth watered. She loved the tan skin there, the strong neck with healthy tendons and concave crevasses. She wanted to dip her tongue there to taste him
“Felicity.” A warning, something close to a growl in his voice.
“What?” she said, already walking towards him.
“Don’t.”
“Why?” 
“I’m pissed at you.”
“I’m mad at you too but that doesn’t mean I don’t love you, baby.”
She was close now and he the one backing up. “Don’t,” he said, voice a growl.
“Why not?”
His chest hammered with breaths, beating them out into the air. His legs hit a table with a lamp making him stop his retreat. She followed him, pressing her body into his as she slowly melted.
“I need time to think about this, Felicity.”
“Baby, I love you and I’m sorry. We’re going to get mated but we’re going to do it right. I’m gonna bring my mom and her little boyfriend, we won’t have the worry of the election standing over our heads, and it’ll just be me and you. Now, why don’t you come here so I can get a taste of that vein, baby.”
He groaned, she sighed, and then they were in each other’s arms as if they’d been aching to be there from the start. Her arms wrapped around his neck, mouth nuzzled the pulsating veins as he swept her up, arms tight around her waist, lifting her off the ground, and planting her back against the door he’d slammed into her face. She licked the pulse, held her tongue against it feeling it bounce against her before she struck. He didn’t jerk but growled, digging his erection between her legs.
“Felicity...”
Their bodies wrapped around each other, legs around tight hips, groin to groin, chest to chest. They moved together like a piece of beautiful music with Dominic taking the lead. He directed everything and she didn’t care because nothing felt more right than having him in her arms, holding her, loving her, once again.
She drank him, sweet, warm mouthfuls feeding her, pumping her heart to beat faster, wetting her between her legs. The gown came up. No longer was the dress an elegant gorgeous thing but was covered in splotches of mud, torn at the hem and along the bodice, but she didn’t care. He was lifting it, touching her bare legs and making her shiver. His hot breath panted against her bare shoulder as he kissed her, licked her skin.
She broke away from the bite as he cupped her between her legs. A wild, incoherent moan bubbled out from her lips and he caught sound, thrusting his tongue deep and kissing her. He shoved yards of material up between their hungry bodies. The metal of a belt clinked as it opened; a zipper hissed as it was shoved down, and material ripped that covered her between her legs.
Then he was hot, round, and hard at her entrance, slipping along her folds getting wet along her seam. He caught her moan with his kiss as he fitted himself to her then pushed inside slow and hard, pressing and filling.
It was perfect. They were one again. Perfect.
She broke away from the kiss to breathe. “Dom!”
He grunted as he filled her to the brink then started moving. Only his strong grip at her hips kept her up against the wall, kept their bodies angled the right way as he moved.
“Fel, missed you.”
“I missed you too baby.”
He rocked between her thighs, mouth crashed down on hers. She knew then everything would be all right. Whatever it was they’d work through it.
“Touch yourself, baby. Between your legs in that sweet spot.”
Her hand moved down her body, pushed past the folds of material then found the tender bud.
Groaning, he drew back to look down at their joined bodies but material fell in the way.
“Fuck!”
He pulled out, stepped back with his hard erection jutting from his tight hips. Then he turned her sideways, grabbed her dress at the bodice and the back and pulled hard. Seams ripped apart as if they’d been barely holding on, as if they were the weakest thread in the world
Then she stood in her heels before Dom, shaking and aroused. His eyes trailed over her body with the look.
“We might not have been mated tonight but you are my mate. You are my woman, and I’ll never let you go.” He began tearing his clothes off.
“Good,” she said, her words not nearly as eloquent.
“Now get on the bed.”
She didn’t just go to the bed, she ran and threw herself on it. Watching him, panting, her legs spread as he strode towards her with a predator’s grace, pulling off his coat, unbuttoning his shirt. His eyes moved from her hard nipples to the flat of her stomach and even further to linger where she was pink and wet.
Upper body bared, she took in the sight of sculpted hard muscles. A pair of pecks that moved as he did, and abs that flexed and bunched as he shoved his pants down and kicked out of  his shoes. 
“Touch yourself.” 
Her hands went to her breasts, cupping the warm flesh. “No, no. Touch the sweet spot.”
Oh. A blush crept over her as she reached down, feeling the dips and curves of her stomach then finding her wet heat. She rubbed small circles over her bud before dipping a finger inside where he’d been rocking only minute before.
His eyes grew heated, cock bobbed. He ran a hand over that straining shaft, swiping his thumb over the tip. “Good baby, good. Make yourself come for me.”
Her cheeks turned very red. “What?”
He walked around the side of the bed so his hips were at the level of her face. “You heard me and you’re going to do it while sucking my cock.”
He didn’t let her utter a protest, just grabbed the back of her neck and ushered her lips to his cock. She did the rest from there, rather eagerly she found out. She loved the taste of herself on him mixed with his own flavor, loved the hardness of his shaft and the incredible softness of the skin. She sucked him deep and found her fingers flicking quickly over her bud.
He cupped her breasts, tugging her tender peaks. Pleasure grew inside her like a wave gaining height. Little spasms jerked throughout her body, in her hips and legs, her stomach. When the pleasure became too much she let him take over and thrust into her mouth.
His hard breathing encouraged her, let her know that he loved what she did to him...a lot. And when her pleasure came to climax, she felt his cock swell in her mouth, his hand squeeze around her breast.
 She moaned and wailed around his cock as he swelled then spurted in her mouth. They came together like that. Her body shook from the ferocity of it. Only after he pulled away did she stop rubbing as she grew too tender to be touched.
Her eyes fluttered shut then f­­lew open when the bed dipped between her legs. He climbed up between her legs with that sinewy, predator’s grace. His tongue and lips found the center of her and played against her aching flesh. So soft, so gently he licked her, cleaned her, and tasted her. 
“Dom,” she whispered, hands finding his hair and holding on.
Ever so slowly he sank a finger inside her, moved as he swirled his tongue around her tender clitoris like he had all the time in the world. It felt so good it hurt.
“Oh, baby, please.”
She had no idea if it was a plea for him to stop or to continue.
The pace picked up and when he shot her over the edge it was short and sharp like the point of a blade. She cried out, body shuddering beneath him, his name a whisper on her lips. As the waves still trembled inside her, he climbed up and sank hard and ready inside her. She opened up to him and let him have her. He claimed her body, heart, and soul.
“Love you,” he said against her throat a moment before he bit her.
This time wasn’t for her, yet it was so beautiful and perfect. She held on to him with open arms and legs as he surged inside her moving faster and harder. When he finally tore away from her neck and groaned, spilling inside her, she was right there watching it happen with a kiss on his lips.
“I love you, Dominic Blackmoore.”
He kissed her back and that night she fell asleep with Dominic Blackmoore sprawled across her body, the taste of him on her body, and had never felt better.
 
Chapter 27
 
A week came and went.
Dominic and Felicity hardly left the bed.
They acted like two newly mated couples though they’d yet to actually do the mating part. Whenever Felicity broached the subject of mating Dominic would find some way to shut her up, by either distracting her with his vein or with his talented mouth. It wasn’t fair, and at the end of the week she found herself struggling in turmoil.
Why didn’t he want to talk about mating? Why was he hiding around it? What if he didn’t want to mate with her anymore?
They explored each other’s bodies, and he never ceased to surprise her with how intense their lovemaking was. However, just because they had a great week together, a stress-free one where they finally begun to grow accustomed to each other, did not mean he could keep something so important from her.
She made her decision. Today she would make him tell her what was going on. If this was some kind of sick punishment then she wanted to know so she could end it. As it stood she’d been with him for one long, glorious week without interrupting phone calls, brothers, work, or bodyguards barging in. Just her and Dom together for one great week.
Naturally, having such a great week made her wary that something bad was going to happen. After all, good things rarely came without steep prices for her. Felicity decided to face this day like she might a job interview. She showered and dressed putting on her game face. 
Now she stood wringing her hands outside his office where he’d closed the door. She couldn’t help but stare at the door. It was the first time the door he’d shut the door since she arrived. What did it mean? And why did she have that nagging sensation in the pit of her stomach that something was wrong? She heard a low rumble and cocked her head to the door, bringing her ear closer so she could hear better.
The sound still came out as a low rumble which meant he had to be whispering or at least trying to keep his voice down. What was he hiding from her?
He said he loved her. He said he still wanted her, that he forgave her. He said he’d find other work there was always other work, so then why did sweat bead along her brow?
“Come on Fel it’s now or never,” she muttered under her breath.
 She didn’t hesitate any longer and turned the handle. It didn’t move.
Shock hit her first. He’d locked her out. She stepped away from the door, staring at it as if it’d slapped her. Then she heard his voice speaking something rapidly and his steps coming to the door. As soon as he opened it she said, “Who were you talking to?”
His brows shot up, a grin curled his lips. “Hello to you too, sweets. Come in. I was just having a phone call, business.”
She followed him in, scanning the place like she might find something suspicious. It was ridiculous but she did it anyway. “What kind of business?”
A moment, then, “It’s nothing.”
“Are we getting mated or not?” No more beating around the bush for her. They’d done enough of that all week long.
He paused, not even bothering to turn around, just paused on his way to his desk. “Why?”
Not the answer she wanted. Her heart stopped beating. Oh god, she knew it. She knew something was wrong. It hurt to speak. “I’ve been asking you for a week now and I’m done playing games. You’re keeping something from me. I know it.” He turned around. “I want you to tell me what it is. No, I need you to tell me because if you’re going to break my heart then do it now.”
“It was supposed to be a surprise.”
She jerked, stunned. “What’s a surprise?”
A slow, devastating smile formed as he crossed his arms and sat on the corner of his desk. “I was planning the mating ceremony, flying in your mother, sending out invitations to only select people, though we can’t keep out people if they want to come and I was going to surprise you.” The smile he sent her was taunting and mocking.
She glared. “You need to work on that.”
“Work on what?”
“Hiding things from me.”
His smile slowly died. “It was a surprise, sweets, nothing more.”
“Yeah, but this sneaking around all week had me worried and getting more worried by the minute. I appreciate the surprise, I think, I mean, yes, I do. But you could have dropped some hint so I wouldn’t have been worried that this was going to end in a break up.”
He stood. “A break up?” he said slowly. He came towards her. “A break up?” he repeated. “You and I could never...break up. After all we’ve been through. After our failed attempt at mating before, everything we’ve been through since, you really think I’d let you go?”
“Just promise you’ll work on it.”
He bit her earlobe catching it with his teeth and tugging. “Promise. Do you have any idea how much I love you?” This he said while cupping her cheeks, his face closing in on hers.
“I have an idea,” she said, soft as a mouse.
The corner of his mouth turned up. “How about I show you.”
“That sounds great.”
His grin turned into a soft laugh as he did just that.
 
 
 
* * * * * * *
 
The crunch of tires over gravel brought Felicity’s head snapping up. She glanced down and saw Dom still asleep on top of her from where they’d had their rather vigorous lovemaking on the floor of his office. He was still inside her, still hard.
“Dom, get up! Someone’s coming!”
He grumbled something then snuggled deeper, planting his face in her neck.
Grunting and wheezing she pushed and squirmed under him trying to free herself. “Dominic, get up!”
“Sweets...no,” was all he said.
Half-laughing, half-freaking out, she heard the vehicle stop then the sound of a door slamming. “I’m telling you someone is here.”
“I know,” came his sleep-heavy voice again.
“What do you mean you know? If you know then get off of me.”
A low rumble came from his chest then he leisurely lifted himself up into a push-up just as the doorbell rang. Felicity pushed at his shoulders, laughing.
“Get off of me. I haven’t seen another living person in a week.”
He smiled. “Tired of looking at me already?”
“No,” she said in a soft voice.
“Fine,” he said leveraging himself off her. “It’s for you anyway.”
“For me?” She didn’t wait to hear his answer. She pulled on her clothes and raced for the front door, throwing it open. Her jaw dropped but she quickly clamped it shut. Then she wasted no time in slamming the door shut. However, the man on the other side simply stuck out his hand so the door bounced off. “Dom!” 
“There’s no need to get all snippy with me now, darlin’. I mean, really, after all we’ve been through? I practically raised you.”
Felicity relaxed as she felt Dom’s presence at her shoulder. She cast him a glance and found his face set in stone.
“You didn’t raise me.” The words felt so ridiculous to say she nearly giggled. The alpha had to be crazy or something.
He rolled his eyes. “Semantics, syntax, whatever. If not for me you wouldn’t have this fine vampire at your side.” He leaned down and whispered. “Let me know if you ever get tired of his taste. I hear us Weres are practically mouthwatering.”
“What are you doing here?” Dom said, his voice a growl.
Zeke stepped back, putting his hands in the air. “Hold on there, partner. No need to go all Dracula on me now. I just came by to have a little chat with you.”
“Go inside, Felicity.”
She snorted. “Like hell I’m gonna miss this.” 
He sent her a warning glare but she just winked and wrapped her arm around his waist.
“What do you want, Zeke?” she asked.
Zeke smiled at her. “I like her. She’s got spunk and all that. Now, here I am, president of the council which you so sadly lost, Dom. Very regrettable. My sincerest apologies for kicking your ass at the polls and all that.”
“What the hell do you want, Zeke? Remember, you’re on my land now.”
Zeke rubbed a hand over his stomach as if he was petting a full belly. “See here I got a little problem, thought you might help. Philips wants to step down. That means we need another of your kind sitting on the council to even things out. I thought I’d be a nice fella and offer it to you.”
Felicity’s eyes widened. She smiled up at Dom, but he still looked like he was made from granite. 
“What do you want in exchange?”
Zeke slowly grinned, his whole face softening. “I can’t tell you how good it makes me feel that you know me so well already, Dommy. Can I call you Dommy?”
“Not if you want to keep your teeth,” came the sharp reply.
Zeke laughed a deep, belly kind of laugh that made you want to join in. “Dom it is then. Listen, pal, all I want is for you to agree with me every now and then. My people want some big changes. They want to mate with other packs, having stronger pups and all that.”
“It’ll cause problems. The men won’t like it. It’ll be a war.”
Zeke shrugged. “It may, it may not. Fact is, we gotta keep our stock strong and mating with the same folks for years on end, well, you can see the problem. We need to spread our wings. Change things up. I have strong support in the were community.”
“From the men?”
Zeke laughed. “From enough of the men. The smarter ones.” He winked at Felicity like they shared some kind of secret. They didn’t.
Dom grew quiet. Felicity knew that look on his face—the deep, thinking one where he weighed the pros and cons of the entire situation before making a decision. After a minute, he nodded. “I’ll do it.”
Zeke rubbed his stomach again. “Sounds good, Dommy—I mean Dom.”
They shook hands then Zeke left shooting up gravel as he did.
Felicity turned to Dom. “That was my surprise?”
He grunted. “Hardly.”
Another car came down the drive passing Zeke on its way. Felicity squinted at it but didn’t recognize it. “Who’s coming now?”
He smiled. “Now that’s your surprise.”
“Dommy, what have you been up to?”
He pressed her up against the door, his face inches from her. In a dark voice he said, “What did you call me, sweets?”
She wet her lips at the dark glint in his eyes. “Dommy?”
She squeaked at his growl then his lips caught hers in a kiss that addled her mind like scrambled eggs. They were still kissing when someone cleared their throat. She tried pulling away, but he was much more reluctant. He kisses her on the lips, at the corner of her mouth up the line of her jaw to her neck.
Panting, she peered over his big shoulder and gasped. “Beth!” At the sight of her friend a rush of excitement burst inside her and she shoved Dom away and pulled her friend into her embrace. “Oh my god! What are you doing here? I’ve missed you so much.”
“It looks like I’m to be your ‘sort-of’ maid of honor again.” She grinned then winked up at Dom.
“You planned this?” Felicity asked Dom.
“This is nothing, and it’s only part of the surprise, sweets.”
Felicity jumped into his arms and of course he caught her and kissed her square on the mouth, licking his way inside to taste her. “Thank you.”
He shook his head. “You haven’t even gotten to the good part of the surprises and you’re already kissing me. I think from now on I’ll make it my duty to surprise you.”
“You might want to do that,” she said with a wink.
Beth grabbed her hand and pulled her back to her car. “Come on, you and I have fun stuff to do.”
“Like what?” She could barely contain her excitement. Dom got a job, they were getting mated, and now her best friend was here for part of her “surprise”. She couldn’t be happier.
Beth grinned at her from the other side of the car. “Shopping.”
Oh, hell yeah. With a final wave to Dom she peeled out.
Chapter 28
 
“Now, listen up,” Beth was saying, “I need to get you dressed, done up, and all that by midnight.” She pulled onto the highway and sped up. The girl had a lead foot.
“What happens at midnight?”
“Your fairy godmother comes by and turns you into a pumpkin, what do you think happens at midnight?” Beth said, her lips fighting a smile.
“I think, for one, that isn’t how that fairy tale goes, and for two I think I’m getting mated—tonight.” Just saying the words aloud made butterflies dance in her stomach. She pressed a hand over it to stifle them.
Beth tossed her head back laughing. “True enough and you’re absolutely right. So, right now we’re headed to the mall.”
Felicity glanced at the clock. “It’s almost ten, babe. They won’t be open.”
Beth sent her a knowing glance. “They’ll be open.”
“You know that because of your secret mind powers?”
“Nope, I know it because Dom arranged for you to have full access to all the clothing stores, shoe stores, and even that great makeup place I like to go to. Anything and everything you need to beautify yourself is at your disposal.”
Felicity’s heart beat a mile a minute and she couldn’t stop smiling. “Oh my god, this is too much. I spent all week unsure if he was even going to mate with me but instead he’d been planning all this to surprise me.”
Beth whistled. “Mmm, girl, he’s a keeper.”
“Speaking of keepers how’s your man?”
Beth hesitated. It was only a moment’s pause but in that look Felicity saw a fleeting look cross her face—pain. “He’s good. We’re good. He sends me flowers, and when it’s not flowers it’s these gift coupons for the spa. All day free massages, tans, which I don’t use, face masks, the whole she-bang.”
“So everything’s good?”
Beth smiled, a real one. “Everything’s good.”
They pulled up to the mall and sure enough a lone security guard unlocked the entrance door and let them in. For the next hour she and Beth ran around the mall from shop to shop like little kids in a candy shop. 
“We need a shopping cart,” Beth said, her arms full of clothes for herself.
Felicity laugh. “I hear that.”
Beth tried to check her watch, which was hilarious to watch as she struggled to move the mountain of clothes in her arm to glance at her wrist. “Damn, we have to get rolling soon. Do you know what you want to wear? Personally, I thought that light pink dress with the ruffled material looked perfect on you.”
This was the crux of the problem and what Felicity had been avoiding since they got here. What the hell did she wear? Last time she’d worn an expensive and gorgeous red gown. Things hadn’t turned out so well though. Now, everything felt perfect and right. She wanted to do things her way. 
“You know, I’m not gonna wear a dress.”
Beth blinked, looked down at the pretty pink dress, and then blinked again. “Why not?”
Felicity shrugged. “Give me a sec.”
Running back to an outfit she saw earlier, she grabbed the clothes, some shoes, a few pieces of jewelry, and then headed for the changing room. When she came out, a proud smile on her face and hands cocked on her hips, Beth caught one look at her and burst out laughing.
“You want to wear that?” She laughed harder, her eyes watering.
Felicity didn’t flinch, didn’t snicker, didn’t join in. She stood poised and ready. More ready to mate with Dom that she’d ever been. She wore a pair of gray athletic pants, the kind women wore to yoga classes, a black fitted tank top, and to top it all off she had on some cross-trainers.
“Are you going running or getting mated?” Beth sucked in deep breaths as she calmed herself down.
Felicity didn’t need to laugh though she understood she might look a bit silly to others. Fact is she felt comfortable and right in this. Besides, she knew without a doubt that nothing would keep Helena away tonight. Only now she was ready. She wasn’t going to wear some frou-frou gown that was non-conducive to fighting; no, she looked ready to fight and she truly, finally was. Ready to fight for her man, the love of her life.
“Let’s go.”
Giving up, Beth shrugged. “Okay.”
Beth drove Felicity back to the hall she’d been at more than a week ago. The night was dark, the air a little muggy and warm. Reporters swarmed the area like bees to a honeycomb, each excited with their cameras flashing as they pulled up.
“Dom’s already here then?”
Beth nodded. “He said right at midnight and it’s five ‘til. You nervous?”
“Me, nervous?” She started to say that of course she was nervous, but then she quieted and took note of her emotions. “You know, I’m not. I’m ready to do this.”
“Good, let’s go.”
They walked through the press like who were used to the attention, sparing a few small smiles and waves, ignoring the questions thrown at them, and entered the hall. Inside was excited chatter. 
Felicity spotted Diane waiting at the entrance with bright eyes. She rushed forward. “What are you wearing?” It wasn’t quite admonishment, but close.
“I’m ready,” Felicity said.
“For what, dear?”
“Helena.”
Diane looked back over her shoulder as if checking for eavesdroppers. “How did you know she was here?”
Felicity shrugged. “I just knew.”
Diane stepped back, glanced down at Felicity’s athletic attire and then started laughing. She had a womanly laugh. Felicity tried to think of a time she’d heard it before but couldn’t. “I see now. You look beautiful, Ms. Shaw. Absolutely beautiful. I met your mother. She’s in the front row on the bruid’s side of the room. She’s a kind and lovely woman.”
Felicity grimaced. “Really?”
Diane nodded. “Really. Come, it’s time.”
Beth and Diane went ahead of her, scurrying to their seats. Felicity heard the ceremonial drumming start. The beats were to mimic the excitement of the mated ones hearts beating for each other. The tempo stayed slow as she hadn’t started down the path to him yet.
Felicity lifted her chin, took a deep breath, and then went into the hall.
Chapter 29
 
Felicity entered the hall. All eyes were on her. Every single seat was filled. They stood at her arrival then at once they took to their knees, bowing before her.
Inside the hall red and white tulle draped from the arches in the ceiling, and the tables were covered in heavy cream linens with red and white tulips on top. It was beautiful; it was perfect. It was how she wanted her mating ceremony to look. This didn’t feel like a ceremony meant for another woman. This had her flair, her and Dom’s color everywhere. It was theirs.
Felicity took a moment to nod at each side of the room acknowledging their acceptance of the mating. Then her eyes shot forward as if drawn to him, Dominic Blackmore, her Dom, her man.
He stood tall on a platform at the end of the hall. He wore a black suit. She could see the quality of the material. His eyes caressed her body as he took in her outfit, then he was shaking his head, a smile covering his lips. She started forward, her steps quick, and a flutter in her heart.
The drum tempo picked up. The entire room thrummed with the sound as it beat against the ears. Shirtless timpani drummers stood painted in ancient symbols of mating and love on either side of the room. She couldn’t get there fast enough. A brilliant smile lifted her face.
He didn’t wait either. Quite unceremoniously, he strode down to meet her partway then lifted her into his arms as his lips claimed hers in front of all. The audience gasped, chuckled, someone hooted—probably Beth. 
Dom pulled back, the look gleaming in his eyes. She shivered. “Baby,” she said, helplessly.
He wore a cocky smile as he set her back down to her feet. Then he grabbed her hand and led her to the alter. The drumming came to a climax, ringing louder than ever, the tempo increasing. A woman wearing all white stepped forward. She had hair down past her waist; it was champagne colored with silver streaks from age. She still had a beauty to her though time had finally started to show in her face. She opened her arms and heavy, billowing sleeves billowed.
“Arise.”
At once the drums slammed down then stopped. The echo reverberated in the hall then faded in waves. The audience rose and took their seats. 
Felicity soaked up every single moment of the ceremony. She recited her vows then Dominic did his, staring deep into her eyes as if trying to convince her soul the words were true. She wanted to tell him it wasn’t necessary. She already loved him more than anything. Then came the part she’d been waiting for like a lingering thought in the pack of her head.
The great priestess lowered her arms and addressed the hall. “Any who dare to challenge the male, Dominic Blackmoore, doth step forward now or forever abstain with cowardice.”
A long minute passed. 
Dominic glanced around the crowd, eyes hard and challenging, daring someone to try something. He looked like he was ready to tear open his shirt, jump down from the altar, and beat someone to a bloody pulp if they interfered with this ceremony. Felicity hid a smile behind her hand.
“No challenges for the male have been made,” the priestess said. “Any who dare challenge the bruid, Felicity Shaw, doth step forward now or forever abstain with cowardice.”
Felicity turned and scanned the audience, her stomach tightening as she sought one face accompanied by fire-red hair. She didn’t have to search long. The hair shone first as the woman stood and then her face came into sight.
Helena Blackmoore, the former bruid of Dominic Blackmoore, strode forward in a gown worthy of a queen. The bottom half formed a goblet shape. Her waist looked several sizes too small due to the corset she wore under the fine gown. It gave her a curvy hourglass figure. The material shifted and swayed as she made her way towards the dais. Lace draped off the bottom hem, scratching the floor as she walked. Her hair was held atop her head in an intricate bundle of curls. A diamond-covered tiara held it all together; it sparkled under the lights.
Felicity had known this would happen, but she hadn’t been prepared for this. It was almost too much. Her lips twitched. Dom shot her a questioning look then started to grin. His stupid grin made her smile even bigger. Then the laughter came. There was nothing she could do about it. Here she was wearing clothes ready to fight to keep her man, and Helena came dressed as if she was attending a Renaissance fair.
Helena’s eyes snapped cold fire. “I challenge her.”
The crowd gasped with excitement, but Felicity only smiled. This time she’d been prepared. 
“I accept.” 
She started to make her way down the platform but Dominic grabbed her arm, pulled her in close. “You got this.”
It wasn’t a question. He believed in her. She told him she loved him and pulled him down for another kiss. She didn’t hurry it either, but kissed him to her heart’s content. When she pulled away she sent him a wink then strode toward her fiery haired nemesis.
Helena’s gaze tracked down Felicity’s body taking in her clothes. When she finished she didn’t smirk so much as glower. She looked positively wicked.
“You look ridiculous,” Helena said.
“Funny, I thought the same thing about you.”
Pretty blue eyes narrowed on her. Felicity shook her head. Just what had Dom seen in this woman aside from a pretty face on a pretty body? There had to have been some redeeming qualities. Felicity and Helena circled each other; one dressed for a fight, the other ready to waltz at a ball. 
As Felicity circled Helena she realized she had no idea how to begin a fight. Did she reach in and go for the hair or maybe start with a punch? It didn’t matter though because Helena moved first. Felicity caught the glint of silver on her fingers as Helena lurched at her with the kind of speed that came from a long vampire life; a life much longer than Felicity had lived.
The slap came across Felicity’s face, hard enough to jerk her head to the side. People cried out and gasped but no one could do anything. Felicity’s cheek burned as blood surfaced to the angry area.
The burn felt too intense to come from just a slap though. Felicity cupped her cheek then sought Helena’s ring hand again. Her eyes narrowed at what she saw—silver rings. One on each finger. Helena had made her own vampire form of brass knuckles. She came here to win.
That cheating bitch.
Something hot and very angry came over Felicity as she straightened. Helena’s gaze flicked to the mark she’d left and she grinned like a hyena. Felicity took all that anger boiling inside her and leaped.
She slammed into Helena taking them both to the floor. Helena’s back made a nasty crunching sound as it hit first. Felicity pulled back her arm, made a fist, and let it fly. The complete and utter satisfaction that came with the sound of her fist connecting to the bitch’s face could only be described as elation. Never had anything felt as good as watching Helena’s lip bust open and blood dribble out. 
They fought hard. Helena squirmed and pushed, but Felicity locked her legs around the woman’s waist and held on. Helena hissed sending the blood from her lip down her chin as she reached up and grabbed hold of Felicity’s hair. She pulled hard and strands tore. Felicity screamed as she smashed her hand on top of Helena’s to stop it. 
Helena brought her other hand forward, the ring hand, and jabbed Felicity in the head. Helena didn’t really have the leverage to put power into the punch, but the rings sure burned like a son of a bitch.
Felicity jerked back and Helena took the opportunity to shove her backward sending her reeling. Felicity landed on her back and Helena leaped on top of her. Her face took a blow, then another as she scrambled to get her arms up between them to block her. 
“He’s going to be mine! He’s always been mine.”
Felicity jerked her head left and right, dodging blows. The words did it. They snapped something raw and violent loose inside of her. “You wish.”
Felicity rocked her hips forward then thrust up and slammed her knees into Helena’s back. She went rolling forward, landing awkwardly on her belly, unable to really move or roll with that ridiculous dress she wore. Felicity stood, crossed to her, brought her leg back, and let it slam forward. The kick caught Helena’s stomach and spun her back around. The hoarse cry she let out made her feel a whole lot better.
“Do you concede?”
Helena blinked up at her. Her bloody lip was swelling and the blood had sprayed across her chin and was steadily working its way down her chest.
“Never.”
“Really? I hate to do this.” Felicity pulled back and set loose another fierce kick. This time she flinched and Helena screamed as a rib snapped. “Yeah, please, concede now. This whole...kicking your ass thing sounded great in my head but it’s a little too violent for my tastes.” 
Helena struggled to put herself in a sitting position. She grabbed her side, cradling it like a babe. Her eyes glared fiery hatred at Felicity. “I hate you.”
“Concede,” Felicity said.
Wincing and grunting, Helena struggled to stand up. Her hair was askew, her dress wrinkled, and with the blood on her face made her look like she belonged in a horror movie. Felicity stepped forward and swiped her legs out from under her sending her back to the ground.
The woman was persistent, never wanted to give up. Felicity stepped over her, pressed a foot into her ribs and pressed down hard. Helena howled so she let up. “Concede that he’s mine right now and this ends.”
Hands latched onto her ankles but was too weak to throw her off. Felicity put muscle into it until she squealed again in pain.
“All right! All right! I concede.”
Felicity stepped off. The crowd stood and applauded like she’d finished performing some great deed and was getting an encore. She even gave them a little bow. Turning back, she saw Dom and couldn’t help but smile. He looked positively stunned and impressed.
He came forward. “I had no idea you were so ruthless.” The way he said it, so dark and erotic, made her stomach flutter.
“Oh well, I had some time to contemplate it. Plus, I was dressed the part. She wasn’t.”
He pulled her close and at once he was touching her, cupping her in places he had no business touching in public.
“What are you doing?” she asked, pushing him away with a laugh.
“Making sure you aren’t hurt. God that made me hard.”
“H-hard? Here, now?”
He pulled her into his chest, ran his lips down her neck, and arched her into his body. At once she felt the hard length of his erection. “Yes here and now. So passionate, sweets, so beautiful. I want to be inside you right now.”
Her breath caught. “But the priestess still has to finish the ceremony.”
He growled, the sound quite scary though she knew it wasn’t for her. Then he was tugging her back up the platform. To the priestess he ordered, “Finish it.”
The priestess got the crowd under control and then they finished the ceremony. Felicity’s wrist was slit over a golden chalice. Next they did the same to Dom. The scent of his blood reached her senses and her eyes nearly rolled back into her head. Dom’s eyes shot to hers and glowered with the look. Her knees nearly quaked in the spot. 
He wants me right now.
At the priestess’s order, they each drank from the cup until it was empty. Then the ceremony finished with a final kiss between the new mates. The kiss grew wet as he slid his tongue inside to taste her. They both tasted of each other’s unique essence, of their blood.
His kiss trailed over her jaw to her ear where he whispered. “Now.”
He spun them around and gave her only a few seconds to wave to the crowd before he lifted her into his arms and ran out the back door. The door led to an empty kitchen area. He raced through it, found a staircase, and followed it up to the second floor of the hall. Several rooms lined the hall. He tried one, cursed when he found it locked, and then went for another.
The door opened to an office. The desk was covered in papers. A filing cabinet stood against the wall with a drawer partway open and there was a bookcase next to it packed tight with books.
“Maybe we should wait until—” Her words came to an abrupt stop when she caught the look. “Or right now is good.”
She smiled up at him. This was a new feeling for her, being carried in his arms. She definitely put it on her list things she loved about Dominic Blackmoore. She kissed him then kissed her way up the smooth warm line of his jaw to nuzzle his neck. She’d already tasted his blood but her body warmed into hot syrup, ready for more.
“Take me,” she said.
“Always.”
He sat with her on the sofa. It was one of those leather chairs that worked as both a sofa and a lounger. It looked like something she might see in a therapist’s office.
He pulled her into his lap as his lips claimed hers. Their lips meshed and parted to allow tongues to taste and slide. He was hard, his erection digging into her. Her moans filled the air as a fire built in her blood.
“Dominic...”
She pulled back suddenly taken with an urgent need. She spread his jacket, then grabbed his shirt and ripped it open. Buttons flew, thread snapped. She grabbed his zipper, struggled to pull it down as his cock bobbed against the material.
“Fuck, babe...”
Suddenly he shoved her away. He lifted her shirt up past her breasts and kissed her bare stomach as he pulled down the tight fitting yoga pants. He cupped her bottom then squeezed her cheeks. 
“All mine. Forever. I want to be inside of you in every way possible.”
“Yes, yes, yes,” she kept saying, mindless.
 She needed him, to share in this moment, as joined mates.
Their clothes came off and then she was in his lap, straddling strong thighs. His cock dipped along her seam as she wrapped her arms around his bare back feeling that gloriously warm skin as she sank and sank over him. He filled her like a hot iron rod all soft but unyielding at the same time.
The sounds of their lovemaking filled the room. She lifted up and his hands gripped her backside, helping her. His lips caught hers, tongue passing her teeth to thrust. Little bolts of need pulsed inside her like flashes of electricity. She moved faster, loving how he dragged and pushed through her sensitive channel.
“Need to taste  you,” he said, his words a groan. Then his fangs pierced her neck, locking her to him
No longer did she do the work. From that moment forward he commanded her body. It mattered not that she was on top. He spread his legs, making hers open wider and then he was thrusting into her slick passage with heavy, hungry thrusts. Flesh slapped. He kept hold of her sensitive bottom and she could feel the climax coming like a storm.
Her hips whipped in a frenzy against him, writhing, and grinding back against him. Blood rushed to the surface in her neck and her lips parted as her fangs pulsed with arousal.
“Yes, yes,” she found herself saying.
He took long, drugging pulls from her vein as he took her body. Sweat slicked their skin where they touched, chests mashed against each other. Finally, she couldn’t take it any longer and her head arched back as erotic contractions exploded inside her, milking his shaft and erupting through her pores.
He pulled back from her vein as the pleasure faded into a beautiful glow and then he turned her, flipping her onto her back.
His mouth descended to cover her breast as he thrust back inside and began to bring her up anew. She grabbed onto his hair, ran her hands across his shoulders and arms as he worked magic at her nipples.
“Touch yourself.”
She didn’t hesitate to obey his order. She trailed her hand down her stomach and between her legs. The little sensitive nub waited for her. He pulled back, one arm planted near her head to hold himself up as he watched his cock pushing in and out of her soft folds.
“So pink and wet. So beautiful. I could watch this all day.” He groaned, his eyes shuttering at the sight of their joined flesh. Sweat formed at his hairline­­­­, dripped down his temples to splash onto her stomach.
Her breath hitched. Hips started to twitch. Pleasure was gathering in full force low in her body.
“Dominic,” she said, helpless.
“That’s it baby. Come for me. I wanna feel you sucking me dry.”
He started hammering into her and that’s what did it. The hungry, painful look in his eyes as he watched her, the love in his heart for her, the way he filled her like nothing else. 
But then he slapped her hand away and rubbed her clit for her. Her arms flew above her head and her cries tore from her dry throat. She quaked and shuddered and he took her through it all. When the last shiver left her he shoved deep on a groan, held himself still as he pulsed and pulsed inside her, filling her with his hot seed.
He collapsed on top of her, breaths puffing against her lips. They kissed as their heated skin started to dry.
“I love you, baby.” She wrapped her arms and legs around him as if to say I’ll never let you go.
His lips moved over hers in a slow, promising kiss then he looked in her eyes. “I love you, Lady Blackmoore.”
A smile split her face and she kissed his laughing face.
“Lady Blackmoore, I like that.”
His eyes caressed her face, serious. “Yeah, I like that too.”
And then he kissed her again.
 
END
Thank you for reading Take Me. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please help other readers to find this book:
1                 This book is lendable, so send it to a friend who you think might like it so she can discover me, too.
2                 Help other people find this book by writing a review.
3                 Sign up for my monthly e-mail newsletter to receive updates on my latest releases, contests, news, and more at http://www.tagrey.com/index.php
4                 Stop by and like my Facebook page.
 
Read on for a taste of TEMPTING GRAY
Book 2 in The Untouchables series
Coming November 21st
 
Grayson sat in his car staring at his house.
He couldn’t even remember the last time he just came home and went inside, like normal people do. 
No, he did this now. Came home when it was the last place he wanted to be at and copped a squat in the front seat like a damn stalker.
It made his head hurt just looking at the place, just knowing Anita would have some new shit going on. Was always like that.
He pulled out his pack of Sobranie Black Russians and lit on up, the black end flaring red for a moment. The smooth burn chafed his throat in a familiar way. He jerked his gaze away from the house and settled in to enjoy his smoke staring at nothing and everything. These were his only moments of peace anymore—the calm before the storm. He took a long sucking pull from his cig and held it in, letting the burn grow in his lungs and in his throat until he couldn’t hold it in anymore.
An explosion of shattering glass broke his quiet solitude like a car wreck. He was out of his car and sprinting across the lawn in the next second, cigarette a smoldering twig on the street.

Curses then screams came from inside the house. He peered at what had flown through the window and felt his heart sink.
Oh no.
He couldn’t get inside fast enough.
He threw the door open, scanned left and right finding the usual—empty bottles of vodka, ashtray overflowing with bent butts, and stale musty air.
“Anita!” he roared. Already the same hollow feeling of anger began clouding his mind.
Another crash. Please no.
He flew into the hallway, stared down it for one long moment. Shock registered, then horror. Not the baby's room.
The door was open, the light on. More glass shattered as he stalked inside, arms shaking. Anita was running to the little wooden bookcase, stacking her arms full of little cardboard books with bright colorful pictures and big black letters on them. Her eyes were red, lips parted as she panted in her struggle.
“Anita, don’t,” he said, his voice hard.
She jerked but didn’t turn to look at him. She ran back the few feet to the window, shoving the little books out. The window was shattered from where she’d thrown the bassinet through it. She turned but fell with the movement. That didn’t stop her. She crawled her way to the toy chest, opened and grabbed fistfuls of fuzzy soft toys, throwing them at the window. Some went outside, others just hit the wall and fell back down to the floor.
“Anita…” he tried again, suddenly feeling tired down to his bones like an old, old man. A man who’d lost his fight a long time ago. A man who just wanted to sit down in peace and quiet and not think about anything.
The sobs started then. Hard, wracking sobs that shook her shoulders and howled like a dying animal. Once upon a time that sound undid him, brought him to his knees. Now? He stood there and crossed his arms, his jaw working side to side.
“Stop this now. How did you even get in here?”
More tears, more sobs. She keeled over, burying her face into the carpet, her fists beating the floor. Then she looked up at him, only she wasn’t looking. Her eyes were closed, reddened and wet. “I found it! I…found the key. Why you, why you wanna keep me out of here? Like, like I don’t belong in here? Like this isn’t my room too? Like it never happened!” she hissed. She spoke in that soft, erratic way like her thoughts and mouth weren’t exactly on par to speak. 
He bit the inside of his cheek until the skin gave way and coppery blood filled his mouth. “I hid the key because I knew if you found it you’d do this. Do you see what you’ve done! Look, look around yourself, ‘Nita.”
But did she do that? Did she ever take any kind of responsibility for her actions? Hell no. The alcohol wouldn’t let her. 
She slowly struggled to a stand, had to cling to the side of the crib to pull herself up. Her sobs subsided. “It’s always my fault. Always, always, always. Well, where were you, Gray? Where the hell were you?”
His eyes slammed shut as he crunched harder on the skin in his mouth, gnarling it. “I was at work. You know that.”
A strangled sound, part sob, part snort. “That’s not what I’m talking about and you know it. Where were you that night, huh? You think you’re so good, so much better than me.” 
Years of practice allowed him to hide his expression. “You know where I was.”
“Do I?” she said, her low-lidded, slow-blinking eyes leveling on him with surprising clarity. 
He shook his head once. “Get out of here. I gotta clean this up now.”
He moved and took her arm to pull her out but she snapped it back, wobbling on unsteady feet with the action. “Nooo, nooooo. Leave me with my babies. Leave me alone.”
Shit. Her eyes were watering fast and if he couldn’t stop the deluge now then he wouldn’t for the rest of the night. “’Nita, let me get you to bed. Come on, it’s late. Let’s get you cleaned up and fresh.”
She shook her head like a child, her matted hair slapping side to side. Then the keening began—a loud, gut-piercing sound that was somewhere between a child’s cry and a woman in agony. She grabbed handfuls of his shirt, buried her face in it.
He hesitated for a moment before wrapped his arms back around her.
“You’ll leave me too. I know you want to,” she mumbled between hysterical cries.
His heart pinched, nose tingled and he hugged her harder. Hugged the shell of a woman who used to light his life up; who now darkened it. 
“Don’t leave me, Gray. I don’t have anyone left.”
He kissed her temple, rubbed a pattern up and down her back. “I’m not going anywhere, ‘Nita. I’m right here.”
When her knees gave out, he lifted her into his arms and took her to the bedroom and set her on the bed. She didn’t want to let him go but he tucked a pillow in her arms and she rolled into it, crying silently now.
He tried to pull away but she held tight to his hand. “Don’t leave me, Gray. I love you.”
With a ragged sigh, he sat on the corner of the bed holding her hand. “I’m not gonna leave you, ‘Nita.”
He couldn’t lie to her about the other part. The part he wasn’t sure about anymore, the part that had guilt eating away at him like a parasite. 
Her head fell back, mouth hanging wide open as she passed out. Grayson slowly retracted his hand and stood. He gazed over his mate for a long while, seeing the past, the present, and future in her.
It may make him a guilty asshole, but he’d stopped loving her like that a long time ago.

Available now!

About the Author

 
I love to write the kind of stories that will keep you up late at night and make your heart pound. It's my goal to make each new book better, more exciting, and more action-packed to keep thrilling you. I'm always trying to push the boundaries with my imagination, and yours, to create something new and different.
Open up one of my novels and you will find hot, erotic stories that will make you laugh out loud, cry, and fly through the pages. I write addictive love stories and I hope you like them. Visit www.tagrey.com to learn more.
Facebook | Twitter | Blog | Goodreads
 
 
