Take My Breath Away
Book II in the Southern Exposure Saga

By Lari Smythe
Cover design by Lari Smythe
Cover Art by Caitlin Smith

Copyright 2014 Lari Smythe
ISBN 9781310893186 (.ebpub version)

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

* * *
Special thanks to Twelve Oaks Bed And Breakfast for allowing me to use a photo of their establishment in the cover design. If you've ever wanted to experience 'Antebellum Remade', visit Twelve Oaks in the historic heartland of Covington, Georgia.
* * *
Lari Smythe would like to remind you that this is Book II in the Saga. To read Book I, Southern Exposure, go to Lari's Smashwords page or look for Southern Exposure at any of the popular ebook outlets.
Southern Exposure

Prologue
Even from their first contact in high school, neither Izzy or Jason remembered their childhood friendship. Jason was seven at the time and the babysitter he adored was a fond, but distant memory. For Izzy, it was more than just the passage of time. The crash and the violent change to a vampire had taken with it her human memories. For both of them, the affection was still there, just waiting to be awakened.
From the unquestionable chemistry of their first, inadvertent touch in the hallway at school, they were irrefutably drawn toward one another. They were outsiders to the local kids. Jason tried to fit in with football, but Izzy chose to keep a safe distance by dressing in the Emo style. It wasn't easy for either one of them, from Izzy's lust for Jason's blood, too Jason's infatuation with pale Emo girl. They were like fire and ice, they just didn't seem to belong together.
The night of their first official date, under a canopy of twinkle lights, Jason told Izzy that he loved her and that he knew she was a vampire. At the same time, Izzy professed her love to Jason, but in doing so realized that she had put him in immeasurable danger not only from herself, but by breaking the vampire code of secrecy.
There was only one choice to protect the one she loved, and that was to leave. The decision was crushing. Izzy headed across country to find and destroy the monster that changed her, and then, end her existence for it was impossible to exist without Jason.
Jason began to put the pieces together and chased after her where he uncovered the evidence of her human life and their previous childhood friendship. It all came to a head that night when Izzy faced off against her creator, but Jason's presence would be the deciding factor in Izzy's choice to fight and die, or love and exist. The realization that her change had been an act of compassion, not one of anger or thirst helped, but it was the love Izzy and Jason shared that tipped the scales. 


Chapter 1 Jason
I was eager, even excited to show Izzy everything I had discovered about her human life in Forks. We did our touring late at night to avoid the possibility of someone recognizing her. There was little doubt the Chief of Police suspected something after his surprise visit to my hotel room, but for what ever reason—probably his daughter—he chose to let it go. Twice, when a police cruiser approached us, the officer waved, or just nodded and continued on. So it was pretty obvious that the Chief had instructed them to give us a wide berth—I mean two teenagers out in the middle of the night and nothing?
Even with the wealth of information I'd been able to learn from the library and courthouse, it didn't kindle any memories like Izzy had hoped. I took her to the house where she lived, the Outfitters that her dad owned and her old school. She had even jimmied the lock so we could get inside, but it hadn't helped. I wasn't surprised to see she had been a good student although I was surprised her records were still on file. Then, there was the stop I couldn't forget—it was the look on her face when she saw the family gravestone with her name engraved in it. I'd had good intentions, but I don't think the flowers I got her to lay on the gravesite helped—no, there was no doubt something changed and I guess it was completely understandable, I couldn't imagine what it must have felt like. Forks was behind us now, we were on our way back to Boonsboro.
We'd stopped for gas almost two hours ago and since that time I don't think Izzy had even flinched. I didn't want to intrude—I knew she had a lot to process, but I was beginning to worry. "You okay?" I tested. 
No response.
"Seriously, are you okay?" I half yelled over the Jeep's flapping, canvas top, although I knew she could hear a whisper with her supernatural hearing. Still nothing, so I let off the gas and headed toward the rest stop, ramp up ahead.
"I'm fine," Izzy said in a monotone voice, her face—what I could see of it—void of any emotion.
"Hey, I know it's been a lot to absorb, but we'll be fine, I promise. All in remember?"
She turned her head toward me, her honey eyes—which were normally vivid with emotion—were cold, distant. "I remember."
"We'll be okay."
Izzy's gaze returned to the road ahead. "You don't need to stop."
I accelerated past the rest area. Accept for the whine of the engine, and an annoying exhaust leak that had developed, it was silent again for the next twenty miles. The road was covered with a thin coating of sleet so this was no casual drive. My fingers were tingling from the death grip I had on the steering wheel. Suddenly, the cab was filled with a blast of frigid air.
"Don't you dare!" I yelled, panicked at the thought she might run away again. "If you jump I'll crash into that tree." I glanced down at the speedometer. "We're doing almost 60 mph and this thing doesn't have airbags. I'm serious! You won't have a choice, you'll have to change me or let me die if you even have that choice." I punched the gas and wiggled the steering wheel to emphasize my point. 
Leave it to me to do something stupid. That little wiggle on the icy pavement was just enough to send the Jeep careening out of control toward the massive tree.
"Stupid boy!" Izzy growled before leaping from the Jeep. With supernatural precision, she had hold of the rocker panel before her feet hit the pavement. We slid sideways, my side toward the tree, with Izzy hanging on to the rocker panel with both feet firmly on the road like she was Superwoman. The Jeep bounced violently when the wheels dropped off the pavement. No doubt it would have flipped if not for Izzy's grip, but the gravel shoulder gave her feet something to dig into and we jerked to a stop just inches from the tree.
"I didn't mean it," I apologized, "I was kidding."
Before she could respond, the halo of icy-mist around us began to strobe blue and red. A police car pulled to a stop next to the Jeep.
"You two okay?" The police officer said.
"Yeah—I mean yes, Sir," I panted. His eyes glance down at Izzy's feet. 
I looked back at our skid and you could plainly see where Izzy's feet had cut a furrow in the gravel. 
He glanced back in the same direction. 
"I must have hit a patch of ice," I said.
"The entire Interstate is a 'patch of ice'," the officer replied. "It's especially treacherous with those short wheel based vehicles. Might be good for four-wheelin' but not so good on icy pavement. Too twitchy."
"Good to know."
"You alright, Miss?" he asked, directing his attention toward Izzy.
"I'm fine, thought I was going to puke so I got out—after we stopped," she quickly added.
The officer looked back up the skid marks again and then addressed me. "You sure you're not stuck?"
"No, Sir, we're fine. Thanks for stopping though—I think I'm going to take it a whole lot slower."
"There you go. No shame in being cautious, although it might be better off to find a place for the night. Well, you two be safe." The heavy, dark atmosphere closed in as the flashing lights stopped and the police car pulled away.
"Whew, that was close. Last thing we need is the Highway Patrol checking IDs—Izzy? Izzy? What is it?" 
"Stay here." She started toward the tree line that was illuminated by the Jeep's headlights.
I slid across the console toward her opened door. "Don't you try to—"
She turned instantly. "I thought we were past that."
"So did I until that little stunt of yours. I'm sorry, I didn't mean that like it sounded, but you scared me to death."
 "I'm not going to run off—I wasn't back there either, I just needed some air and well, you didn't give me a chance to explain, you just kept talking."
"Okay, I guess I might have over reacted a little."
 "You think? Wait here, there's something I need to check out." She disappeared into what looked like the faint outline of an overgrown tunnel of underbrush.
I knew she could sense things that I couldn't, but what could have possibly perked her interest way out here in the middle of nowhere? I sat there for what seemed like an eternity; finally glancing over at the tree I'd almost plastered my face against. Apparently I wasn't the only one to lose it on this road. There were several old, gnarled gashes in the side of the tree. One of them was really deep. Whoever made that probably didn't live to tell about it. Wait a minute—that's impossible—no way, not in a million years, did she seriously think—I jumped out of the Jeep and stumbled though the tangled underbrush. When I emerged on the other side, Izzy was stooped down next to a bubbling stream. She glanced up at my clumsy approach.
"You don't think?" I started.
"This has to be the place." Her voice was a pained whisper.
"There's no way we could be that lucky—I didn't mean lucky, I meant fortunate—"
She glared at me.
"You know I didn't mean it like that." I squatted down next to her. "You really think this is where it happened?"
She plunged her hand into the crystal, clear water, groped around in the gravel bottom and pulled out what looked like a broken headlight bezel.
"Yeah, okay sure, a car wrecked here—several from what I saw in that tree up there, but how can you be sure this is where you crashed?"
Izzy looked across the creek toward two massive moss encrusted trees. "That's where I first saw her, although I didn't know who she was or what she would do to me at the time."
"You're absolutely sure?"
She stood. "Yes, this is where my family—where I died."
I got a flash of her family's tombstone back in Forks. Seeing her name carved into that stone again gave me a chill. "Okay—okay," I stammered, "sure, I can see how you could look at it like that, this could be where Isabella Newton died, but this is also where Izzy—you were born. This is what made us possible."
She looked perplexed.
"No, really. I'm sorry the accident happened—that your parents were killed, but if it hadn't happened and the events that it set in motion we would have never been. We were born here."
She smiled, the first time since we'd left Forks. "Such a romantic."
"You bring that out in me."
"And you really don't care that I'm a vampire?"
"You are definitely the hottest vampire I know."
"Oh, and you know how many?" She laughed.
"I bet your parents heard that—seriously, I bet they're happy you're still here."
The humor that lit her face wilted.
"Come on, Izzy, think about it. Heck, I was never a big believer in the whole life after death—heaven thing. Sure, I went to church every Sunday, but that was for Mom, until I met you. The way I figure it, if you exist, then why not God?"
"So, you finally get it, vampires and God are opposites."
"I didn't say that. I said if mythical creatures like you can exist, then there certainly is the possibility that God exists. So, if God exists then heaven must exist, and if heaven exists then your parents must be there looking down on you, thankful you're alive."
"But I'm not."
I slipped my arm around her waist and kissed her. She resisted at first, but like me she really was powerless over our chemistry. "Now don't tell me your parents aren't just grinning from ear to ear?"
Izzy pushed back. "I'm not so sure my dad would approve," she said, looking me up and down. She tensed suddenly, her gaze immediately drawn into the dark forest.
"What is it?"
Izzy slid herself between me and whatever it was she heard.
It's really hard to explain, but I could feel her senses prickling with awareness, sight, scent, hearing, even touch probing the darkness. And then, just as suddenly, she relaxed. "He's gone."
"He? Oh, one of you."
Her eyes tightened momentarily.
"I didn't mean it like that. I've been saying that a lot."
"Yes you have." She straightened up. Come on, we have a long way to go. Mind if I drive?"
"Sure, not a problem. And I didn't mean—"
She put her hand across my mouth. "I know." She stayed behind me, almost pushing me forward through the tangled underbrush and I got the distinct impression that whoever, or whatever she had sensed wasn't really gone at all. As soon as my butt hit the passenger's seat, she was behind the wheel. We took off in a shower of mud and ice.
I didn't say anything for maybe ten minutes—it was obvious she was concentrating, but when she relaxed, I asked, "You're not going to tell me what that was all about are you?"
She looked over and winked. "Nothing to worry your pretty head about."
I'm not sure we'd even made it over the first mountain before I fell asleep. I was still pretty much running on fumes since my all night vigils in Forks. All the sleepless nights, waiting, watching, hoping I would find her had taken a toll, but she was worth it—worth every sleepless night.
* * *
"Hey, sleepyhead." Izzy's voice had that almost musical quality to it again—she sounded like herself.
"Hey." I yawned. "Where are we?"
"We're almost out of the mountains."
I glanced toward the blue glow on the center console. According to the GPS, we were headed east on Route 12, not far from Interstate 82. We'd gone south out of Olympia before heading west. The plan was for a more southerly route home—given the time of year—well, to be honest, Mom had insisted.
"You want me to drive some?"
Izzy laughed. "You're such a male. You know I don't get tired."
"How about distracted?" I slid my hand onto her thigh.
"Not so much," she touted.
I moved my hand up to the crease of her hip. "You sure?" I leaned closer, my lips almost touching her ear.
Suddenly, her right hand clenched the back of my neck, she turned and locked her lips against mine.
I'm telling you, I have to be the luckiest guy in the entire universe, because each kiss is better than the last even though at the time that seems totally impossible. There was no resisting the passion, heck, who would want to, no one in his right mind that's for sure—well let's just say I pulled her into me and returned the kiss.
She laughed, my lips against her teeth. "That's not fair."
I'm not exactly sure what happened next. There was a sudden thud against the side of the Jeep that sent us careening down the shoulder on two wheels. If I'd been driving there is no doubt in my mind that we would have flipped, but with Izzy's incredible reflexes, she managed to keep the Jeep on all fours. Even so, I could see the panic in her face.
"What is it?" I yelled.
We slammed into an embankment and since Izzy wasn't wearing a seatbelt, she was thrown from the Jeep. My shoulder belt snapped against my chest with the impact, momentarily knocking the wind out of me. I gasped for air in the sudden, eerie silence as dirt and debris rained down around the Jeep. I winced in pain as an icy, granite hand slammed down against my shoulder and ripped the seatbelt right out of the mounting bracket. In the next instant, I saw Izzy flash across the windshield followed by a sound that could only be described as two boulders crashing into one another—I mean, a thunderstorm, not even close. The door was gone, ripped out along with the seatbelt, so I stumbled out of the Jeep into the roadside ravine.
Everything was happening so fast, it was hard to tell exactly what was going on, but it looked like Izzy was on the shoulders of a man, hands clenched firmly around his neck. To be fighting, he had to be like her. He staggered forward into the swath of light from the headlights. Izzy groaned, and pulled with all her might. The man's gaze, fell on me.
"Stop!" I screamed.
A harsh scraping—no ripping sound silenced the vampire's angry screams. The now headless assailant and Izzy collapsed into the darkness.
By the time I staggered to the front of the Jeep, Izzy had ripped off his arms and legs. "Stop! Stop!" I screamed.
Izzy was instantly by my side. "What's wrong?"
"What have you done?" I cried.
"Jason, what's wrong? Are you hurt?"
I fell to my hands and knees and crawled to the fluff of dark brown hair at the edge of the light. I rolled it over and burst into tears.
Izzy sank down next to me. Confusion filled her eyes. "He's one of the others, his red eyes mean he survives on human blood." When I didn't react, she continued. "He's a monster, he wanted you."
I looked up into Izzy's eyes and then back to the crimson eyes of the attacker. There was no mistake. "That's my Dad," I mumbled.
Izzy's eyes flashed at me and then back to the stone head in my hands. "But you said—"
"I know, a Great White."
She took the head from me and lay it on the ground. "This is not your father, not any longer."
"Is he—"
"No."
"Can you fix him? I need to know what happened."
"Physically, but I won't. We were lucky this time, he didn't realize what I was, we won't have that advantage a second time. I'm sorry."
"Can't you teach him to be like you?"
"I wish it were that simple, but he's not who or what you remember."
"But—"
"I'm sorry, Jason. Wait, maybe there is something I can do."
"What?"
"Benjamin taught me how to reach into someone's mind."
"You can read people's minds?"
"The results are unpredictable, but I can try."
"Please."
Izzy knelt down, but hesitated before touching my dad's remains. "Are you sure you want to know?"
"Yes."
She took my dad's head between her hands and slumped forward. It seemed like an eternity before she gently set it on the ground. She gathered herself and then stood. Her face showed apprehension.
"Well?"
"I'm afraid there isn't much of your father left. I could sense how much he loved you and your mother and how proud he was of you. He cried when I showed him your football game."
"You did that?"
Izzy nodded.
"And the attack?"
"He'd gone to the beach to practice, that's where it happened. He was just a random victim. The transformation was a mistake, but the vampire didn't realize what she had done. A rouge vampire picked him up and showed him the ropes until they recently separated."
"That's it?"
"There's one more thing. He's been praying someone would end his hell. And Jason, he did recognize you tonight—"
"You have to—"
"What he has become would kill you."
"You're just saying that."
"You know I wouldn't do that. I wish—"
"Don't." I turned away, not wanting to face the inevitable. "Do what you have to."
By the time I got back to the Jeep, an eerie, purple glow and sickening, sweet aroma filled the heavy, night air.

Chapter 2
I wrapped up in the sleeping bag to stay warm since we were now driving without a passengers door not to mention the hole in the side curtain where Izzy had been ejected. We hadn't gone far when Izzy pulled into the parking lot of a secluded hotel. I tried to get her to keep going, but she insisted we get the door fixed. As luck would have it, there was a four wheelin' shop across the street from the hotel. Of course it was the middle of the night, so the place was closed.
I checked into the hotel as a single to avoid any unnecessary scrutiny. That was the last thing we needed. Even so, the night clerk looked wary as he handed me the keys—guess it was my age. I pulled around to the far end of the building and climbed the rickety stairs to our room on the second floor. Naturally, Izzy was waiting for me. We quickly slipped inside and I closed the drapes before turning on the light.
"Problem?" Izzy asked.
"Nah, clerk seemed a little nosey that's all." I tossed my backpack on the bed.
"I'm sorry about what happened back there with your father but—"
"It's not like you had any choice. It just sucks—after all this time, it was hard to see him like that—never in a million years—"
"Would the shark have been any better?"
"Yeah, I think so."
"Why?" Her voice held apprehension.
"At least he wouldn't have killed anyone. He did kill people, right?"
She just shrugged.
"The fact that he probably killed someone's mother, or father, or even some kid makes it worse."
"You should get cleaned up," Izzy said, obviously trying to change the subject. "You're filthy."
"Great, real picker upper there," I pouted. Before I could blink, Izzy was standing in front of me, leaning into me, her forehead pressed against my chest.
"I wasn't complaining, I just thought you'd sleep better if you showered." She pulled my shirttails out of my pants and then slowly slid her hands up my sides under the shirt. One by one, the buttons popped, bounced off the mirror and clattered across the floor. "What?" she cooed at my panting breath.
I locked her in my arms and kissed her.
After a time, she forced me back to arms length. "Guess you should make that a cold shower." She laughed.
"Yeah, thanks for that—you're such a tease." I headed for the bathroom, but stopped when I heard the front door open.
"I'll be back," she comforted.
"I thought you didn't need to hunt for awhile?"
"I don't, I was just going to 'clean up' a little."
I glanced back at the bathroom. "Shower's big enough for two."
Izzy faked alarm. "Oh, my, what would Elizabeth think, me carrying on like some kind of whore?"
"Okay. I get it. Not impressed so much by the measly human."
"That's not it at all," she said, returning to my side. She couldn't blush, but she really looked embarrassed. "I, uh, just need some fresh air." She pursed her lips.
"Your version of a cold shower?"
She gave me a quick peck on the lips and was gone. I panicked for a second, afraid she wasn't coming back, but it was just my stupid human anxiety—I mean after all, no way I deserved her.
Sure enough, Izzy was back when I came out of the bathroom. She fended off my advances—hey, I'm only human—and finally agreed to lie next to me if I would go to sleep. I agreed although no way I was getting any sleep. Izzy looked totally hot and well, to say I was aroused would be an understatement.
We talked for awhile, not about anything important, school, what was going through the rumor mill about our mid-term disappearing act, and what we were going to do when we got home. The next thing I know, I'm in Never-Never Land.
I should have been fantasizing about Izzy, but I couldn't get the image of my dad killing people out of my head. Izzy pretended she didn't know, but from what I knew about her hunting ritual I figured Dad must have killed quite a few people. The fact that Izzy avoided the subject probably meant it was even worse than I imagined. The sad thing—I could see my dad like that—he had a mean streak. He kept it under control, but every once in a while it would surface. There was this one hunting trip. He missed the shot—oh he hit the dear, but not the clean, through the heart dead before it hit the ground kill shot. He was so angry he unloaded the entire clip into the animal. Funny thing about that dear, it was the biggest buck he ever bagged, but he didn't have it mounted. Heck, he didn't even keep the antlers. He just couldn't deal with imperfection.
As consciousness began to creep back in, I suddenly realized I was alone and bolted up in bed.
"Bad dream?" Izzy asked, in her smooth as silk, melodic voice.
"Something like that."
"Jason, we have to get something straight. You can't freak out every time I'm not with you."
"I know, it's just—"
"I left you, I know. I had a different agenda then, things are different now."
"So what's your new agenda?"
"Honestly, I don't know."
My shoulders drooped.
"Whatever it is, I'm certain you're part of it. The one thing I'm sure about is that in both my lives, you are the best thing that ever happened to me."
"I don't know what to say, there's no way I can live up to—"
"Stop right there mister. You are sweeter, more masculine than I could have ever imagined, so don't let that silly I'm only human thing make you feel any less of a man. Make no mistake, I'm totally in love with you."
Just then, the fan on the heater unit kicked on causing the drapes to billow out into the room. When they parted and fell back toward the wall, a beam of morning sunlight lit Izzy's face. The room was suddenly filled with a kaleidoscope of colored lights.
"Oh my God."
"I guess you've never seen that."
"No, but it explains a few things."
"Really, like what?"
"Like maybe that time in school, in the hallway, when you wouldn't go out the front door. I was such an as—wait a minute, I've seen you in the sunlight and you never—shimmered."
"Makeup—well, spray paint actually."
"You paint yourself?"
"Kind of my version of a spray tan, but just when I might be in the sun, and only the exposed skin—it's really quite annoying."
I shook my head in amazement as the curtain billowed out again and Izzy was bathed in another beam of sunlight. The spectacle was cut short when Izzy flipped off the fan.
"Enough gawking at the freak."
"That wasn't gawking," I corrected. "That was awe."
"Whatever," she huffed. "We should get ready."
"Uh, hello, the sun?"
Izzy nodded toward the dresser. "Sweatshirt, gloves, sunglasses and a scarf. That ought to cover it." She smiled amused at her cleverness.
"What about the Jeep?"
"See for yourself." Izzy said, pulling back the drapes, but staying out of the sunlight.
Sure enough, the door had been replaced and the side curtain repaired. "A little midnight requisition?" I teased.
"I didn't steal anything, I just used their tools."
"So you're a mechanic, now?"
"Tink taught me a little."
 "Is there anything you can't do?"
"Live."
That caught me off guard. To say she was beautiful didn't do her justice, to say she was my whole world didn't come close to describing how I felt about her, but she had a point, she wasn't alive in the normal since of the word. There was nothing I could say to change that and my hesitation probably spoke volumes, but it didn't matter to me, it truly didn't matter.
"Well," I started, "the only way I know to fix that is to make me like you."
She shook her head, her expression somewhere between anger and disappointment. "You want to be dead?"
"No! You're not dead—okay we don't have a word to describe your existence, but that isn't important. What's important is us. I want to be with you—like you—forever."
"You have no idea what you're saying."
"I'm saying I love you—that I want to be with you forever."
"How about we just start with getting you home?"
"Us—getting us home."
* * *
Driving through the plains couldn't be any more boring—if anyone tells you different, they're lying, miles and miles of nothing but miles and miles. It was winter, so we didn't even get the waving fields of grain thing going on. I insisted on sharing the driving although both of us knew Izzy could have driven all the way across country non-stop. Truth is, driving gave me something to do. We'd talked out everything that happened in Forks. What happened with my dad was out, and there wasn't much more to say about our reception when we got home—we'd just have to wait and see on that one. There was probably more to be said about her human life, but she understandably needed time. The close confines of the Jeep, the monotony of mile after mile, made it difficult to control my urges. I'm pretty sure she was facing the same issue. We held hands for short periods and an occasional kiss when she was driving—no words were necessary.
"Looks like I'm going to have to make another human stop. There's a rest stop in a mile, mind if I pull in there?"
"Not a problem," Izzy replied in a vanilla tone.
"You thirsty—well, you know what I mean."
"I'll be fine until we get home."
"Okay, then." I pulled off on the exit ramp. The parking lot was surprisingly deserted probably because of the time of year. I hopped out of the Jeep and almost collapsed on the ground. "Whew, I feel like an astronaut returning to earth after a long stint in space." I stretched my legs. "How long have we been at it?"
"Not that long—five, six, maybe seven hours I guess."
"Hmm." I headed toward the restrooms.
It was evening—not quite dark—I was halfway to the building when I noticed the quiet. Seriously, there wasn't a sound, nothing. I heard the toilet flush in the men's room, that's how quiet it was, but there was something else, something I just couldn't put my finger on.
"Mind if I join you?" Izzy said, slipping her arm under mine.
"In the bathroom?"
She frowned. "No, but I wouldn't mind washing my face."
We separated as we approached the His and Hers signs. An older man—maybe fifty or so—came out of the men's room. He hesitated as we passed almost like he wanted to say something, but didn't. I looked back before going into the bathroom. He'd veered off the sidewalk and was hurrying across the grass toward the only other car in the parking lot. While I took care of business, I realized that the man looked scared. Maybe he thought we were going to mug him or something. It was funny how people could be so paranoid, but these days—well you just never knew.
Izzy was waiting at the door when I came out. "There you are, what took so long?"
"Three sodas," I joked.
"Told you." She slipped her arm under mine and we headed back toward the Jeep.
"That you did. We in a hurry?"
"No," Izzy said, flatly, releasing my arm. "What gave you that impression?"
We were almost back to the Jeep when a distinct yelp broke the eerie silence. I immediately turned toward the sound. "You hear that?"
"What?"
"Look there—at that car—the door is standing open." I had good vision for a human, maybe even keen, but I couldn't make out any details other than the open door and the faint interior dome light. "Do you see anyone?"
Izzy looked annoyed. "No—it's none of our business anyway."
"I passed a guy on the way into the bathroom—I think that might be his car."
"Get in, Jason," Izzy demanded, "I'm driving."
"Sure, but maybe we should check on that guy, make sure he's okay."
Izzy pushed me onto the passenger's seat and slammed the door. She was behind the wheel before I took another breath.
"What the—" I said as she hopped the curb and headed across the grass toward the interstate—away from the other car. "Mind telling me what we're doing?"
"I had a bad vibe, that's all."
"A bad vibe." I grabbed my cell phone out of the console.
"No!" Izzy yanked it out of my hand.
"Come on, at least let me call 911, the guy might be in trouble."
"No! They can trace cell phone calls, when they find him, they could come looking for you."
"Find him, as in dead?"
She glanced down at the gauges. "We'll need gas soon, you can get something to eat then."
It was obvious she wasn't going to talk about it anymore. The more I thought about it, there was another stop, yesterday where Izzy had acted a little strange—nothing like this—just a little guarded. Was it possible that humans crossed paths with vampires all the time and just didn't realize it? It was hard to believe, but there was no doubt in my mind that the guy I'd passed on the sidewalk was a vampire's supper. "That could have been my dad chowing down on that guy," I whispered.
Izzy shot me a sideways glance, but didn't respond.
"Hey, take it easy, the engine has over one hundred thousand miles on it." We must have been doing 90 mph.
She cocked her head, listening to the engine. "The valve lifters are floating a little, but the engine is fine."
That was the last thing we said until we pulled into the gas station an hour later.

Chapter 3
After I ate, I slept on and off for the next few hours. It was a restless sleep, I couldn't get that guy out of my head—that, and the thought of my dad killing him. I'd never been afraid of Izzy—still wasn't—but there was this whole other side to vampires, the side that the legends and movies highlighted.
Izzy glanced over, a hard expression cut creases into her beautiful face.
I knew she couldn't read my mind, at least I didn't think so, but it was kind of weird, like she knew I was thinking monster. Her expression softened as I slipped my hand into hers. I tried to fight it, but drifted off to sleep again.
I couldn't believe my eyes when the sky started to brighten. On the horizon, silhouetted against the purple morning sky, the Appalachian Mountains. I groaned as I flipped the back of the seat up. "Looks like we're almost there. I should call Mom."
"Let her sleep, it's early and we still have a few hours to go."
"Yeah, you're right. Boy, it's going to be great to be home again. I wonder how much trouble we're going to be in at school?"
"Your mother's taken care of everything."
"You talked to her?"
"She called while you were sleeping."
"Guess that was kind of awkward. She didn't—"
"She was very gracious, but I don't blame her for being angry with me—not after what I put the two of you through."
"I put us through," I corrected. "You want me to drive?"
"We have to stop for gas again, you can take over then."
"Okay, sounds like a plan. What did she say about school?"
"She met with the principal and your teachers have agreed to put together a packet with the work you missed. Providing you complete the work satisfactorily, over winter break, you won't have to repeat the classes."
"Cool, same for you I guess."
"She didn't say."
"Elizabeth would take care of it, right?"
"I don't know, I suppose, but she wasn't a big fan of me going back to school in the first place."
"Perfect, just like nothing ever happened." Like nothing ever happened, I thought, like that was going to happen.
The anticipation was really starting to get to me. I couldn't wait to bring Izzy home, to show Mom that we did have a happily ever after. As I reveled at the thought of reuniting, the gruesome image of Izzy destroying my father crept into my thoughts. It wasn't her fault—I knew that, in fact she saved my life. I kept telling myself that they were nothing alike, and they weren't, but looks like a vampire, kills like a vampire—
* * *
We'd switched places and driving was a welcome distraction; it kept my mind from wandering. We'd passed through the gap at Sideling Hill half an hour ago so we were really getting close. I'd called Mom when we stopped for gas and the excitement in her voice was infectious. I couldn't wait to see her. I took the exit for Route 66 toward Boonsboro and headed south. "It won't be long now. I can't wait for Mom to see you."
"You have to drop me off before you see her, Jason."
"What? No way, I'm not dropping you off anywhere, that's what got us into this mess in the first place."
She gently placed her hand on my thigh. "You need to be with your Mom, they'll be time for me later."
"No—come on, she wants to see you just as bad as she wants to see me."
Izzy shook her head.
"Well, okay, but almost."
"You can just drop me off outside of town."
"Right, no freakin' way. I'm driving you all the way to your door—end of discussion."
* * *
I hated the drive up to the Faulkner place. It wasn't like I was afraid of them, it was because it meant leaving Izzy. Despite her, 'I'm fine,' bravado, I knew she wasn't ready to leave me either. I was surprised to find the house still boarded up, but Izzy seemed to take it in stride.
"I guess you'll have to come home with me after all," I said, pulling up to the base of the staircase that led to the barricaded front door.
"No, I'll be fine."
"No way. I'm not leaving you out here alone."
"I'm a big girl, I can take care of myself."
"Sure, I know, but I don't think you should be alone, not right now."
"What, you think I'm some fragile little school girl, or too embarrassed to face Elizabeth?" she snapped.
"Are you?"
"Of course not." Her voice lacked conviction.
"I still don't feel right leaving you out here alone. Where do you think they are? Do you think they know that you learned the truth? Do you think that's why the house is all boarded up?"
"Don't be ridiculous, one way or another, they'll be back. In the meantime, looks like I have some straightening up to do."
"You're going to take the boards down?"
"It's not like I'm tired."
"Okay, I guess, but I still don't feel right about it. Let me get your stuff."
"That's alright, I've got it." She grabbed her backpack and scooted out of the Jeep.
"Alright? No, no, no." I hopped out and met her at the base of the stairs. "May I?" I took her backpack and slid my arm around her waist. "See, chivalry isn't dead."
She smiled, but it looked forced. 
Guess dead wasn't the best choice of words, but I let it go fearing I'd only make things worse. 
Izzy effortlessly pried the boards away from the door and then, there we were. "I don't know what to say," She began. "I—I—"
"Hey, it's me who should be thanking you. I was just another high school kid until I met you. I feel like I've grown up since then and I owe that to you."
"I wouldn't be—" she paused, searching for the word.
"Alive," I interjected.
"Okay, I wouldn't be alive if it weren't for you. You washed away all this hatred I've been harboring—I don't know how I can ever repay you."
I wrapped my arms around her. "We have the rest of my life to work on that."
We kissed—a passionate kiss at first—but it became sorrowful like a goodbye, until she finally pulled back.
"See you tomorrow?"
"Haven't you seen enough of me?" she replied.
"Never."
"I don't know, I may have to try and find the Faulkners."
"No, no, you can't leave—"
"I'm not leaving you, Jason, I just have to figure out where they are."
"Okay, as long as we have that straight. Listen, there was a guy here, kind of keeping an eye on the place. He lived somewhere down the road. He might know where they went."
"Good as place as any to start I guess."
"Then I'll see you tomorrow?"
"I don't know. Tell you what, I'll come to you once I know where they are."
"How long will that be?"
"You can't stay attached to my hip like a child," she huffed. "Give me a couple of days."
"Okay. I don't like it, but okay. Wait." I ran down and grabbed my cell phone and the instant charger out of the Jeep. You hang on to this so I can call you, make sure you're okay."
"Fine, if it will make you feel better." She gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "Now go see your mom."
By the time I got in the Jeep, Izzy was gone, the big wooden door closed. I was worried about her, she was dealing with a lot, and now this. Maybe it was just information overload, yeah, that must be it. I didn't have anything to worry about, no two people were meant for each other more than Izzy and me.
* * *
The engine hadn't even stopped before Mom was out the front door, racing toward the Jeep, drizzle or no drizzle.
"Oh, my God! Oh, my God! It's so wonderful to hold you in my arms again," she cried.
"Well, it's nice to see you too." The first thing I noticed was how warm and soft and human she felt. I was so used to being with Izzy that another human felt—well, weird. We were getting drenched, and it didn't look like Mom was letting go, so I pried her arms from around me, grabbed my stuff and we headed inside.
"You look better than I expected," she said, patting her hair with a dish cloth. "You always sounded so exhausted on the phone—I was really worried about you."
"I know it was difficult, but thanks for letting me go get her."
"Where is she?" Mom said, apprehensively.
"I took her home—she insisted—she said she had some things to straighten out with her mother."
Mom nodded. "I imagine she has some explaining to do. Is she alright?"
"I think so."
"You don't sound very sure."
"I was, but the closer we got to home—well, she kind of got quiet—you know, withdrawn."
"Well, I'm sure it was just nerves," Mom speculated. "And the two of you?"
"We're good."
I didn't miss Mom's momentary frown.
"She's important, Mom, maybe even more so now."
"Jason, you didn't take advantage—"
"Whoa, whoa, take a breath, it's me, you know I wouldn't do that."
"I should hope not, your father and I raised you better than that."
"Yeah, you and Dad."
"Did I say something to upset you?"
"No, nothing like that." I just couldn't shake the image of Dad as a vampire. Mom could never know—I knew that—but it wasn't fair to let her hold on to false hope. "Do you ever think about him?" I said, hesitantly.
"I say a prayer every night before I go to bed."
"You don't think—"
"I'd be lying if I told you I didn't hope he'd walk through that door one day," She put her arm around me. "But I know that's not going to happen—not after all this time."
She leaned back, cocking her head to the side inquisitively. "What brought this on?"
I shrugged, not wanting to lie to her.
"Well, I'm sure you miss him, the two of you had a special bond."
"Do you remember that dear he shot—the big one?"
She nodded. "Yes, he had a bit of a temper at times—I think it was his competitiveness." She thought for a moment. "I wish he could have seen you and Izzy together."
I had nothing for that—obviously I couldn't tell her he did and we killed him. "Well, looks like the rain stopped. I should check on the house, make sure everything is battened down for winter."
"That'd be nice. I did what I could remember, but it's been a long time since we had to think about winter. I'm going to make Thanksgiving supper. Will Izzy be joining us?"
"No, not tonight." I headed out the backdoor.
There really wasn't a lot to do, but I put away the screens, raked the leaves, and tossed the hose in the shed. I put some of that red, liquid gas stabilizer in the lawnmower and figured that was about it. Afterwards, I found myself wandering down to the creek behind the house where Izzy and I hung out. I could picture us there, standing in the water—I was freezing—and then her lame excuse for being there. Then there was her expression when I showed her the strange picture that I'd taken in the woods "You know—" I walked back to the house.
"Hey Mom!" I yelled in through the backdoor. "I'm going to drive down to the river if that's alright."
"Okay," was her response, but she appeared at the backdoor before I got to the Jeep. "Haven't you had enough driving for awhile?"
I laughed, I hadn't thought of it like that. "Yeah, just wanted to check it out."
"You sure you two are alright—you're acting like—"
"We're fine, Mom, honest."
"Okay then—be careful, the temperature is dropping, it could get icy." She let the door close gently, but stood there until I pulled away.
Was it that obvious?
* * *
The burned out strings of lights were still hanging in the tree branches and the ground was as muddy as ever. It really was a stupid place for a surprise date. Take the princess to the ball? More like take the princess muddin'. What kind of guy takes a girl out in the middle of the wilderness and then puts the moves on her? Jeez, I had to be some kind of perv, and Izzy was crazy for going with me—right, like she couldn't take care of herself. She must have been totally embarrassed by the whole thing—I'm such a freakin' idiot.
"Dude?" Someone called from the direction of the road. "That you?"
"Alex!" I said as he came out from behind my Jeep. "What are you doing here?"
"I heard you were back. Your mom said you'd be here."
"Yeah, just got in this morning. It's good to see you."
"Where's Izzy?"
"I dropped her off at home. She had to talk to her parents."
"Dude, I don't envy her that, she must be in so much trouble. We probably won't see her until spring—maybe even summer."
"Nah, her parents are cool." I laughed at the humor in that statement.
"What?"
"Nothin'. I think her mom will understand," I clarified.
"I tell you what—I pulled something like that, I'd be dead."
I chuckled again.
"What?"
"So how are you and Cathy?" I said to change the subject.
Alex shrugged. "We're not."
"Seriously? I thought you two were tight."
"Yeah, me too."
"So what happened, you push the boundaries?" I punched him in the arm.
"Nah, nothing like that. We were just hangin' out, talkin'—you know—and then wham."
"Wham?"
"Yeah, she went all crazy talkin' about monsters and vampires—crazy stuff. She was so whacked Mrs. Hall had to get the neighbor to help us subdue her."
"Whacked? That's harsh."
"I didn't mean it that way. I really like her—thought she liked me—and then, well this."
"I heard she's had some set backs before. Once they get her meds adjusted she'll probably be fine."
"I don't know, it's been a couple of weeks—she's still in the freakin' hospital ward."
"Man, that really sucks—sorry to hear it."
Alex skipped a rock across the creek. "So where'd you find Izzy?"
"Washington."
"Dude, she went all the way to D.C. on her own? She's freakin' crazy, that place is a ghetto."
"State, Washington State," I corrected.
"No way! You drove all the way across country?"
"She had some distant relatives out there—that's where I found her."
Alex punched me in the arm. "That really is freakin' cool. Someone should make it into a movie—hey if they do, I get a cut—it was my idea."
"No ones going to make a movie about me and Izzy I can assure you."
"I bet your mom's relieved," Alex said. "My mom saw her at the grocery store a couple of times and said she looked worried sick."
I kicked a crumpled soda can out into the water. "Yeah, I put her through a lot—I really owe her."
"Hey, that's what moms do, she's probably just glad you're back. So I guess you and Izzy are cool—you're not married are you?"
"Nah, nothing like that, but we're good."
"Doesn't sound like you're good. Used to be when you talked about her you got all worked up."
"I don't know—it's just—I don't know."
"She was okay with you bringing her back and all, wasn't she? I mean she's got to dread seeing her parents—I don't care how cool they are, they are going to kill her."
I shook my head. "Yeah, I guess." I started back toward my Jeep. "You need a lift?"
"Nah, I got my bike."
"Throw it in the back—I'll drop you off."
"Cool, thanks man."
Alex talked about school—a few of the guys from football were on the basketball team now—then there were the rumors about me and Izzy's sudden disappearance. "Some kids said you got her pregnant, some said she was just some psycho that lured you away to hack you to death, others just said you eloped." 
"You set them straight, right? I'll pound the first person who says she's pregnant."
"Yeah, I did for the most part, but heck, I didn't really know what happened either." He thought for a second and then added. "Lisa said you guys just had a kind of fatal attraction, like the movie."
I pulled up in front of Alex's house.
"Thanks man." Alex jumped out and grabbed his bike out of the back. "See you in school—man if feels good to say that again."
"See ya." I did a u-turn and headed for home. Fatal attraction? Was that what we had?
* * *
Supper was great—all the trimmings—Mom really out did herself, but I could tell she was kind of disappointed Izzy wasn't there. I think super was meant more as a peace offering than Thanksgiving although now that I think of it, in Mom's mind it was probably the same thing. Even tough I was stuffed, she set a piece of pumpkin pie, piled with whip-cream, down in front of me. It was really good, even better than the cobbler back in Forks.
"What's bothering you?" Mom said, getting up and walking over to get me another glass of milk. "You seem preoccupied. That's not like the living in the moment Jason I know."
"I'm not really sure, something's just off—out of sync."
"You sure your not just tired? Besides the long trip and time change, you've been dealing with weeks of emotional stress."
"I guess."
She set the glass of milk in front of me and then sat down in the chair next to me. "We've always been honest with each other. You know I won't judge—what's wrong?"
"Something Alex said."
"Oh good, he caught up with you then. I wasn't sure you were really there."
"Yeah, I was there."
"So what was it he said that's bothering you?" She patted my arm.
"Well, he didn't actually say it, Lisa did. She said me and Izzy have a fatal attraction." I took a gulp of milk and swallowed. "Do you think that?"
She thought for a moment before answering. "Is Lisa the blonde—the cheerleader?"
"Yeah, that's her. She came over when I had the chickenpox."
"I thought so. Seems to me she had her eye on you. Sounds like a little case of jealousy."
"Yeah," I said relieved. "That sounds just like Lisa—jealous—sure, that's all it is."

Chapter 4
Mom was asleep down the hall. Her light had gone out over an hour ago, but I was wired. Sure I was still on West Coast time, but it was more than that, it was Izzy. The more I thought about her, the more I felt like such a creep for just dropping her off like that. A creep—hell that was putting it mildly. I don't care how tough she was, she deserved to be treated better, especially by me.
Slipping out of the house was easy. I even thought far enough ahead to take Mom's car since the Jeep had that annoying, and now loud, exhaust leak. I left a note on the kitchen table just in case Mom woke up before I got back. I didn't want her to worry; she'd done enough of that.
The mountainside was dark, so I pulled off into the underbrush near the main road. It wasn't that long of a walk up the driveway to the house. About halfway up the mountain, the dark silhouette of the house appeared out of the shadows. I slowed, taking careful steps, which was totally ridiculous because Izzy would already know I was here. 
Okay, knock on the door and then just tell her I'm sorry. When I looked up, Izzy was standing on the porch. There was something—unsettling—in our visual exchange.
"What are you doing here?" Her voice was charged with concern.
"I—I—" I couldn't look at her. "I feel like such a jerk, can you ever forgive me?"
Izzy glided down the stairs and pulled me down next to her. "What in the world do you need forgiveness for?"
"You know, I should have never—I let my imagination get the best of me."
"Ya think?" She slid her hand into mine and the incredibly, sensuous chill of hers radiated up my arm.
"Ahhh," I breathed. "There it is."
She smiled. "What?"
"You know."
"I have no idea what you're talking about."
"Oh shut up and kiss me," I said. She let me pull her into my arms. I finally broke off the kiss, brushed back her hair and looked deep into her incredible eyes. "You really are too beautiful."
Her smile was dazzling, even in the darkness. "So," she said, "about your little surprise visit?"
"Yeah, well, I felt like a jerk leaving you up here all alone."
"You didn't leave me, silly boy, I asked to be dropped off."
"Still, it was a dumb thing for me to do. You and Elizabeth okay?"
"They're not here."
"Oh, I thought maybe the boards were for me."
"No. I checked our hunting grounds to be sure, but—"
"No luck."
She nodded.
"It's really weird they'd just leave you, do covens do that? You know like a self preservation kind of thing."
"They didn't leave me, Jason, I left them, remember?" She ran her hand up the side of my throat, and then curled a strand of hair, at the nape of my neck, around her finger.
"Right," I droned. "Did you think to ask the guy down the road?"
"Not yet." Suddenly she was on her feet, staring in the direction of a slight breeze. I followed her gaze into the darkness, but couldn't see a thing.
"This like back at the rest stop, we're not alone?"
She relaxed and sat back down next to me. "I'm not sure. I haven't seen or heard anyone, but I keep getting this scent, like someone's here."
"Someone like not the Faulkners?"
"Yeah." She slid her hand back up behind my head and nudged me toward her.
"You should probably come home with me then, it might be dangerous. Don't pretend you're invincible, I know differently."
"I'm not in any danger," she whispered in my ear. "You didn't drive all the way up here to talk, did you?" she said with her lips brushing mine.
Being together again was incredible, but fight it as I did, after and hour or so a yawn snuck out.
"I'll walk you to your mom's car," she said, as she stood and then pulled me to my feet.
I didn't argue, it meant more time with her even though it made me feel like I was the girl—I mean, come on, the girl doesn't walk the guy to the car. It was more than that too. There was something in her voice that hinted like it was more than just a casual walk to the car, something that said she was in protection mode. It was very subtle, but I did get the distinct impression that she was probing the darkness as we walked to the car.
"Am I safe now?" I half heartedly joked when we reached the car.
"Yes," she said without explanation.
"Will you come over tomorrow?"
"Jason, we've been through this. I need to locate my family." She ran her fingers through my hair. "I'll miss you terribly, but it shouldn't take long, I promise."
* * *
I slept in later than normal the next morning, but Mom was still in the kitchen when I came downstairs.
"Good thing you got those screens put away, the wind's really picked up," she said, standing at the sink, staring out the window. "Jason," she said, turning to face me. "Did you move the car?"
"Guilty," I confessed. "I couldn't sleep—West Coast time still—you remember? Anyway, I went to see Izzy. I took your car cause the Jeep has that exhaust leak and I didn't want to wake you."
She smiled, before taking another sip of coffee, but it wasn't her usual warm, happy smile. Not obvious, but definitely not the same. "I'm surprised her mother let her see you."
"Yeah, well she owes me." A stretch, but not really a lie.
"Oh, that reminds me." She set her coffee cup on the table and went to the bulletin board. "Izzy's mother left a note in our mailbox." She handed me a cream colored envelope.
I flipped up the edge of the already opened envelope.
"I didn't mean to pry, it just has the name Elizabeth Faulkner on the front—she has the most elegant penmanship—it's a thank you note and I didn't open the envelope inside that was specifically addressed to you."
"Hey, that's okay, no big deal." I knew Elizabeth wouldn't write anything incriminating. "Thanks," I said stuffing the letter in my back pocket.
"Aren't you curious?"
"I'll get to it. I'm sure she just wanted to thank me for going to get Izzy."
"Well, I just thought—"
"It's no big deal, Mom."
She retrieved her cup of coffee and retreated back to the window. The house shuttered from a strong gust of wind that made the drapes flutter.
"I'd forgotten how cold it gets here," Mom said.
"Yeah, I know what you mean. It was freezing last night."
"Oh, before I forget, the packet from school is on the dining room table. Don't put it off, get it done as soon as possible."
"Okay, okay," I moaned.
"Don't give me that tone," Mom said. "You've had your little jaunt across the country. It's time to buckle down and get back on track. You don't want to have to explain a lot of incompletes to a college recruiter."
"Okay, I get it." I walked into the dining room and found the huge folder on top of a pile of old mailers. As I opened it, I thought about Elizabeth's letter and glanced back into the kitchen. Mom was busy putting the dishes away so I pulled it out of my pocket and opened the smaller envelope inside.

Dear Jason,
I'm so grateful for your heroic efforts to find our daughter. I spoke briefly with our West Coast extended family and learned you and Izzy are both in good health. I cannot begin to tell you how relieved I am to know you are both safe. Please inform Izzy that if she wishes to see us, we are staying at The Faulkner Plantation. Izzy will know how to locate us. Thank you again, Benjamin and I are in your debt.
Elizabeth Faulkner

"Jason," Mom yelled from the backdoor. "I'm going to run up to the market. Do you need anything?"
"Some soda would be cool."
"Alright, I won't be long." The door banged closed behind her.
I made a beeline for the phone and dialed my cell.
"Hello?"
"Hey, it's me."
"Jason, I told you—"
"I know where they are?"
"You know where who is?"
"Your family."
"How—"
"Elizabeth left a note—they're—I'm not exactly sure, you need to see the note." I knew if I told her she'd run off without me."
"Jason—"
"You want me to come there or do you want to come here?" I gave her a choice, here or there, not take me with you, yes or no.
"Alright, I'll be there in a few minutes."
I glanced down at my watch. When Izzy said a few minutes, she meant it. I raced upstairs, brushed my teeth again and did another round of deodorant just to be sure. Then I threw a few things in my backpack for the trip. We'd probably have to get the exhaust fixed when we got there, but I'd worry about that later. I grabbed what cash I had left off my dresser and headed downstairs as the deep rumble of a V-8 came up the driveway. Perfect, Izzy thought of everything, we're going to take her car.
"Let me leave Mom a note and then I'm good to go." I yelled out the backdoor. By the time I got to the kitchen table, Izzy was standing behind me.
"You're not going anywhere, mister. Your mom would kill me if I drug you away again."
"Cute, but no way I'm not going."
"Jason, I can't—"
"The way I see it, you both have that stubborn streak going and if what you told me about getting her to let you go to school was true, well then, you're probably going to need a little human touch to keep from breaking things." I dropped down on one knee to beg.
A car door slammed out back.
"Jason, your mother's home—get up!"
"Not till you say yes."
"Your mother—she won't approve and I won't disobey her."
I took her hand and kissed it. Just then the backdoor opened.
"Jason Whitaker! What are you doing?"
I looked up at Izzy, down to our hands and then at Mom. "No! It's not what it looks like, I swear."
"Hi, Mrs. Whitaker." Izzy said, breaking the anxious moment.
Mom took a breath and let it out slowly before responding. "Nice to see you again, Izzy, we missed you the last night."
Izzy shook off my hand and took a step away from me, toward Mom. "I'm sorry, I had to talk with Elizabeth—you know explain."
"How is she?" Mom's tone clearly suggested she suspected something.
I got up from the floor and slid in next to Izzy. "About that—"
"Elizabeth's not here," Izzy cut me off.
Mom's expression went blank for a moment. "She's still out looking for you? What did your father say?"
Izzy glanced at me. "Benjamin's not here either."
"What are you doing?" I whispered in Izzy's ear. "Listen, Izzy's mom, the Faulkner's—well the Faulkner's are—"
"Gone," Izzy said flatly.
"Gone? I don't understand—they abandoned you?"
"It's not like it sounds, Mom. Izzy—"
"I'm adopted."
"Oh." Mom sort of staggered over to the counter and set the grocery bags down.
"You sure about this?" I whispered to Izzy.
"Do you mind if we all sit down?" Izzy suggested.
Mom sat down at her usual place at the table and Izzy and I sat down across from her. I scooted my chair closer to Izzy's.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know," Mom started. "You don't owe me any expla—"
"Yes, yes I do. It's the least I can do after what I put you through. You've been like a guardian angel. I honestly don't know where—or if—I'd be if it weren't for your son and what you allowed him do."
Mom smiled, cautiously. "That's sweet of you to say. We're both very fond of you."
I laced my fingers between Izzy's.
"Elizabeth and Benjamin adopted me a few years ago. I was an orphan—but more than that, I had no memory of my past. Going back to school—something at school," she corrected, "must have triggered my memory and I started having dreams." Izzy squeezed my hand. "Jason helped me focus the dreams and I was eventually able to remember the Olympic Mountains. Then, that night, when we were together, under the stars—"
"The date?" Mom cringed, like she was expecting the worse.
"Jason was a perfect gentleman, but that night—I don't know, maybe it was the closeness, the emotion, whatever it was made me feel inadequate."
"What?" I interrupted. "You're not—"
"Let me finish. That night I realized I was incomplete and it wasn't fair to feel the way I do about your son without knowing anything about myself. So, in order to be with him, I had to know—who I was—where I came from."
Mom's teary eyes probed mine with a deep love and pride I'm not sure I'd ever seen before. "Jason did that?" She sniffled.
"And more—in Washington, when it looked like all was lost, he found the missing piece of the puzzle that reunited me with my birth mother."
Mom sat back with a cautious smile. "But you left and came back."
"Yes, my mother has her own family and well, I would have been an intrusion."
"She said that?"
"No—"
"Isabella's a nice person," I interrupted.
"Isabella," Mom said, nodding her head. "Izzy, as in Isabella, not Elizabeth."
"Yes," I said. "Isabella New—Ouch!" I groaned as Izzy clenched my hand.
"It's Izzy Faulkner," Izzy clarified.
Mom looked a little confused, but seemed to accept what Izzy said. I can't believe I almost said Isabella Newton—what an idiot—good luck explaining that one to Mom.
"So you haven't seen Elizabeth since your return."
"No, and I'm afraid she must feel horrible about my finding out—"
"Elizabeth knew your mother?"
"Yes," Izzy confessed, "she made Elizabeth promise not to tell me—"
"But you said they adopted you just a few years ago?" Mom said.
"It's complicated—I lost my memory in an accident."
"Oh, I see, Isabella couldn't take care of you any longer." It was obvious Mom was sifting through the details in her head—that wasn't good. "What did you say your mother's maiden name was?"
"That's not the end of the story, Mom," I said. "When you came in, I was telling Izzy that I know where the Faulkners are."
"How in the world could you know—"
"Elizabeth's note."
Mom's eyes brightened momentarily, remembering the note she'd given me earlier, but narrowed quickly to guarded slits.
"And?" Mom said warily.
"I'm going to take Izzy to her—"
"Absolutely not, young man." Mom pushed back from the table.
"It's not up to you," I argued.
Izzy squeezed my hand sending a nerve twinge up my arm.
"School is going to start up again in just a few weeks—you haven't even done the work you were assigned the last time you went traipsing off across the country. If your father was here—well he'd put his foot down."
Izzy shook my hand to keep me from firing back without thinking. "If it's all the same Mrs. Whitaker, I don't think he should come either."
"There, you see, Izzy shows some sense."
I gave Izzy a hard glare, but she ignored me.
"Mom, I'm not going to disobey you. I know I forced your hand last time. I'm sorry, but I just felt like—well I had to."
"So what, now I'm a pushover?"
"No. I just want you to hear me out. Izzy and I are a couple—heck, we're more than that, we're soul mates. Right, Izzy?"
Izzy just nodded. I was hoping for a little more, but I think she was trying not to take sides.
"So what do you say, Mom?"
"That's your reason—you're soul mates?"
"Does there need to be more? Sure, there are the details, my make up work, school starting again, gas, expenses, stuff like that, but they're just the details. This is a very big deal for Izzy and I need to be there with her. Besides, Elizabeth has a stubborn streak like Izzy."
Izzy punched me lightly in the shoulder. "I'm not stubborn."
"I don't see how your getting between a mother and her daughter is going to help either of them." She looked to Izzy for conformation.
"He was the one who brought me home," Izzy offered.
Mom looked annoyed.
"We're not ganging up on you, Mom."
"Aren't you?"
"I should go," Izzy said. She pushed back from the table and I stood with her.
"No," I retorted, "I'm not letting you go back to that empty house."
"You're alone?" Mom was clearly shocked. "I thought you had older siblings?"
"Mom, that's what she's been trying to tell you, her family left."
That flustered her. That was the leverage I needed. To Mom, Izzy was now a frightened teenage girl who had possibly been abandoned—no way could she, or would she, just turn her back on her.
I grabbed my wallet. "Listen, why don't you run out and grab a burger while Mom and I work this out?"
"A burger?" Izzy gawked.
"A burger, tofu or whatever grabs you." I handed Izzy a twenty and then turned to Mom. "I'm going to walk her out to her car. I'll be right back."
"I'm sorry Mrs. Whitaker. I hate putting you in this position, but I promise you, Jason will abide by whatever you decide. Isn't that right, Jason?"
"Yeah, yeah, be right back."
Wow, I'd forgotten how cold it was. When we got to the car, Izzy crossed her arms and leaned back against the front fender.
"You going to tell me about that?" I asked, noticing just how bad her once beautiful car looked.
"It was in an accident."
"Will it even make it to where we're going?"
"Who said I was driving?"
"If I'm going we are."
"'If' you're going."
"Okay, okay, enough about the car. What were you doing back there? You really had me confused, I thought you were going to tell her."
"You know I can't do that, but I won't lie to her either. You don't need to come, I can deal with this—I don't even know why you want to come."
I tried to kiss her, but she pushed me away. "Seriously, Jason, there's no reason for you to come. I don't need your mother hating me anymore than she already does."
"Well, let me ask you this, what are you going to say to Elizabeth?"
"What do you mean?"
"It's simple really, are Elizabeth and Benjamin your family?"
"I don't know if they'll have me after the way I deceived them."
"You really don't know much about family do you?" I stepped into her and wrapped my arms around the small of her back. "Elizabeth was really worried about you. I know how hard it must have been to have me in her house, but she dealt with it so she could find out what I knew. I think she blamed herself."
"But I hurt them."
"I think more than you realize, but I have no doubt that if you two can get past your stubborn pride you'll be a real family."
"You really think so?" She leaned forward to rest her head on my shoulder.
"Does that mean that's what you want?"
"Of course."
I brushed her hair back and kissed her cheek. "Then let's go, work this out."
"Your mom's at the window," she said, pushing me away.
"I don't care."
"Yes you do."

Chapter 5 Izzy
I lay next to Jason, watching him sleep as the harsh, neon glare of the vacancy sign pulsed through the closed drapes. Outside—on the interstate—traffic was almost nonexistent except for the occasional rasp of a Jake Brake as one of the all-night truckers decelerated down the hill. Jason was on his back now; his sculpted, bare chest out from under the covers tested my resolve. Even so, I risked a shallow breath. I wasn't disappointed, his scent was every bit as spectacular as I expected. It was odd being back out on the road with him. So much had happened, so quickly, that it was hard to fathom.
A decelerating eighteen-wheeler rattled the window. "You shouldn't be here," I whispered.
"What?" Jason mumbled.
"Shhhh, go back to sleep," I soothed, stroking his chest. His heartbeat pounded against my fingertips and beyond that, the steady ebb and flow of air though his lungs. He was so human—so everything I wasn't.
I thought back to the image of Jason's Mom on the back porch when we pulled away less than twenty-four hours ago. She'd been my biggest fan when she thought I was good for Jason—even let him go traipsing across the country to find me, but it was clear from her expression that things had changed. Despite—no maybe because of the whole abandoned teenager thing, she no longer saw me as a positive. Jason stirred when I removed my hand from his chest, but I had no choice, the fire—his fire was consuming. The sign outside pulsed again illuminating the room momentarily in crimson light. Perhaps my skin should be red, like the devil I was. I still hated what I was. I'd learned my change was an act of compassion, not of hate, or unrelenting thirst, but I still didn't know who I was. Sure, Jason had taken me to all the places of my human hometown, shown me pictures and articles, but it was as if they were just a story, not real. Whoever Isabella Newton was, she really did die on that lonely highway with her parents. The family tombstone in Forks was a touching end to her life.
"I'm a Faulkner." Was I? Would Elizabeth have me back? Would Benjamin—Tink or Melanie? I'm not sure I would if our fortunes were reversed. I'd deceived them, but then again, they'd done the same. I still didn't see the purpose to their secrecy, even Bella's explanation—while valid from her perspective—didn't seem adequate to let Elizabeth allow me to waste five years of my existence plotting, planning—searching for the truth. Maybe it was like Jason said, five years was nothing to Elizabeth's one hundred and forty odd years. The thought shook me—I really did have eternity to do whatever I wanted. I glanced down at Jason. He would age, his hopes and dreams change as they should and then one day, he'd be gone and I'd be alone. Could I exist without him? It was impossible. Perhaps my eternity was tied to his human years. So I lay there, watching, as each breath passed like a countdown to the end of our forever.
* * *
The pulsing neon light was slowly replaced by the warm glow of the sun. The room grew warmer with each passing hour. Jason had kicked off the remaining covers, and his chest now glistened with perspiration. All my attention bore down on his throbbing, cerotic artery. Jason would be a magnificent vampire, a partner for all eternity, nothing would ever separate us. I drew closer, his sweet breath washing over my face. I kissed the soft, translucent layer of skin that stood between me and the sweetest blood any vampire could ever taste.
"Go ahead." Jason whispered. "Take my breath away."
I reared back, but when I did, he locked his hand behind my head and I pulled him up with me. He gently pushed back my hair and nuzzled his lips against my throat.
"You know it's what I want."
I pulled away, sliding off the bed, putting a safe distance between us. "No, never. You'll have to be content with the rest of your life—or whenever you tire of me," I added.
"Tire of you?" Jason laughed. "Like that could ever happen." He glanced at the drapes. "What time is it?"
I nodded toward the clock radio on the nightstand.
"Whoa, noon already? Why didn't you wake me?"
I just smiled.
"Oh, I see, enjoying your little peep show were you?" He reached over his head and tossed a pillow at me. I caught it and threw it back—too hard—the impact knocked Jason back down on the bed in a cloud of feathers. True to his competitive nature, he launched the other pillow at me. This time I ripped it in two and showered the room in a squall of down. We laughed and threw feathers at each other until Jason got some in his mouth and started coughing.
Jason came out of the bathroom, after rinsing out his mouth, and burst out laughing.
"What?" I said.
He pointed—still laughing mind you—toward the wall mirror over the dresser.
My curly hair was laced with feathers to the point my actual hair was almost invisible. "Oh my God, I'll have to take a shower to get all that out."
Jason's smile lit up his face as he leaned back against the bathroom doorframe and bobbed his brow. "Now there's an idea."
It wasn't fair, he kept teasing me like that and though I would have loved to do what he suggested, it wasn't possible on so many levels. Still—it wasn't fair for him to tease. My turn—
I zipped up next to him and then slowly stroked his chest. A little puff of air in his ear and I felt his knees wobble. "You'd really help me with the feathers?" I cooed. Before he could answer, I pressed up against his side and kissed him. His chest was pounding erratically.
"Ohhh," he moaned, molding his body to mine. His breath was searing.
I felt a pang of guilt—I'd gone too far.
Suddenly he pushed away with a hoot of laughter. "Nice try, but I'm not falling for that naughty vamp thing—not even close!"
"Ahh!" I huffed.
"Go on, get cleaned up. I'm not taking you to see Elizabeth looking like the Ice Princess of Narnia."
"Cute." I slipped into the bathroom, turned my back to him and pulled my shirt off over my head. In the mirror over the sink, his eyes were bugging out of their sockets. "Not even close? Right." I winked and kicked the door closed.
I needed the shower, not just because of the feathers. My little tease had been a little too much for me as well. It took longer to get the feathers out of my hair than I thought. I'd forgotten how my hair reacted with water and the tiny ringlets made it almost impossible to pick out all the feathers. By the time I'd gotten most of them out, I'd completely forgotten our little competition. I wanted to wear something a little nicer to meet Elizabeth, so I wrapped myself in a towel and opened the door. A billow of steam from the hot shower enveloped me as I stepped into the bedroom.
"Wow," Jason breathed from behind me. As I turned toward him, he scooped me up into his arms. "You are totally hot."
"Jason Whitaker," I cautioned.
"No, seriously, your skin is totally hot." He set me down. "I hope you didn't use all the hot water."
I kissed his ear and then ran the bridge of my nose up and down his throat. "I'm thinking you probably need a cold shower."
"Ain't that the truth." Jason grabbed his toiletry bag and disappeared into the bathroom.
I bent over to grab my backpack, but noticed Jason peeking out from behind the partially closed door. "Stop that," I yelled, spinning around to catch him. In doing so, my towel came loose, but I caught it before it dropped to the floor. Even so, it opened on one side exposing my leg all the way up to my ribs.
"Nice, very nice." Jason beamed and then closed the door.
I dressed quickly and went out front—I really did need some air. Truth is—it was just playful flirting—but I'm not really sure who would have won. Even tough the parking lot was deserted, I lingered in the shadows, avoiding contact with the sun. We were somewhere in South Carolina—the western part of the state, in the mountains. The air was clean, crisp—refreshing—just what I needed.
"There you are," Jason said, sticking his head out through the doorway. He looked around intensely. "We alone?"
"Yes."
He opened the door the rest of the way and stepped outside wearing only a towel wrapped around his waist. "I can't believe we made it this far in that thing." he said, peering over the railing.
"Hey, it's not the cars fault I crashed."
"And went through the windshield." He shook his head.
"Yeah, well that's what happens when you don't wear your seatbelt—don't forget it."
 "So, you coming back inside?"
"Not till you're dressed."
"You sure?"
"I'm sure." I placed my palm on his chest and gently pushed him back into the room and then closed the door. "Get dressed."
* * *
I insisted we stop for breakfast, but it didn't take Jason long to figure out I was stalling.
"It'll be fine," he said between fork full's of scrambled eggs.
"You don't know that."
"Listen, I saw them after you left—the concern—the worry—they were really upset, especially Elizabeth."
"Maybe that's the very reason it won't be fine."
Jason wiped his mouth and then took a long drink of milk. "So what are you going to say?"
"What?"
"What are you going to say? Practice on me."
"That's stupid."
"No it's not. Go ahead, give it a shot."
"I'm sorry I—"
"Are you?"
"Am I what?"
"Sorry." Jason leaned closer. "Are you sorry you left?"
"No."
"Then don't say it."
"But she will expect and apology."
"Then say you're sorry you hurt her. Tell her you had to know and that now you understand why—"
"But I don't understand, not completely."
"Then tell her that, but not right away. Tell her you had to know who and why and now that you do, you want to be with her—a part of the Faulkner family. That's how you feel isn't it?"
I reached across the table and stroked his hand. "You really do know me so well."
"After this morning, I'm not so sure stroking my hand is the right thing to do." He winked. "Come on, time's a wastin', let's blow this Popsicle stand." Jason paid the waitress and left a generous tip.
I got in the passenger's side—Jason insisted on driving, said it would give me time to think—and I snuggled up against him. Truth is, it was all I'd been thinking about since we got back to Boonsboro and found the Faulkners gone.
An hour passed before I pointed to a tiny dirt road that wound its way through a dense row of huge, ancient, oak trees laden with silver-gray strands, of Spanish moss that swayed in the gentle breeze. Jason turned into the drive, but stopped. The sign on the corner read, The Faulkner Plantation, Closed for Renovation.
"Now who's afraid?" I teased.
"You sure you want me here?"
"You serious?" I puzzled. "You're the one who insisted."
"Yeah—I still think it's a good idea, but I don't want to intrude."
"They're my family Jason, you're not intruding."
He smiled. "Remember that and everything will be fine. Okay, here goes nothing." He trounced on the gas. The engine sputtered, but he managed to do a donut before heading up the drive. The closer we got to the big house on the hill the slower he went.
I patted his leg. "Don't worry, they won't bite—at least I don't think they will."
"Very funny." He pulled up in front of the house at the edge of the circular, brick  drive. 
We both hesitated, expecting someone to come out to meet us, but no one came. The scene was exactly how I always pictured, a peach grove to the left, what looked like might have been a cotton field to the right and an old southern plantation nestled in between. The house sat on a red, brick foundation where, in the front, six magnificent, white, pillars rose to the ornate, roofline of the second floor. The center two columns supported a balcony off the second floor. In stark contrast to the white plank siding, black shutters framed each window. At the corners of the house, huge Magnolia trees bordered the picturesque scene like a painting in a museum, as though time had stood still.
"Maybe they're hunting," I speculated.
"In the middle of the day?"
"The sign said it was closed for renovations, maybe they want me to leave them alone."
"I think Tink would recognize the sound of your car. They know it's you. Besides, that's not what Elizabeth's note said."
Jason was right, they knew it was me. 
"They can probably taste you," I teased trying to cover my anxiety.
Jason got out of the car and I crawled out after him. He offered me his arm. "Shall we?"
I hesitated. "Maybe—"
"It's going to be fine," he encouraged, starting toward the foot of the steps.
I gulped—one of those pointless human habits I'd picked up being around them so much. "Okay," I whispered.
As we reached the top of the stairs, the door opened and Tink stepped out onto the porch. He was wearing dark gray slacks of a coarse, old, probably handmade fabric with red suspenders stretched over a white cotton shirt.
"Hi," I tested.
"Good afternoon. Whom shall I say is calling?" Tink said with a formal, distant tone.
"Tink, it's me."
He did not respond. Apparently I was going to get the cold, hard reception I'd been dreading.
"Please tell Mr. and Mrs. Faulkner that Jason and Izzy are here to see them," Jason said, also with a formal flare.
Tink clicked his heels and nodded. "This way, please." He stepped to the side and I'm pretty sure glanced over at the car while he waited for us to go inside.
Jason's face showed the same awe I imagine mine did. The foyer was expansive—open to the second floor where a huge crystal chandelier hung from a massive brass chain. On either side of the second floor balcony, red carpet cascaded down the enormous curved staircases bordered by intricately, carved, white picket railings. I couldn't help but smile, picturing Benjamin and Elizabeth standing on the balcony.
"What?" Jason whispered.
"Isn't it exactly how you pictured?"
Jason nodded. "Like Gone with the Wind, only better."
"This way." Tink motioned toward the parlor to our right.
The archway led into a room with what had to be a twelve-foot ceiling. Ornate woodwork framed the white ceiling and flowed into a valance over the windows where heavy scarlet drapes were pulled back to allow the sun to fill the room. They must have know Jason was with me, I thought. They wouldn't do this for me. I glanced back through the archway as Jason and I sat down on the sofa, surprised to see the other rooms were also bright.
"Tink, I—"
"Would you care for a refreshment, perhaps sweet tea or lemonade?"
"Lemonade would be great," Jason said.
"Nothing for me," I added.
Tink bowed and I though I caught the hint of a smile before he backed out of the room.
"So far, so good," Jason said.
"Seriously? He acts like he doesn't even know who I am." I slipped my hand into Jason's, entwining our fingers. "What if—"
He kissed me.
"Augh-hum," Tink cleared his throat as he entered the room. "Your lemonade."
Tink handed Jason the glass and then vanished at near vampire speed. 
"Where was I?" Jason teased.
"Stop it." I lightly slapped his shoulder. "It's not funny."
"Calm, Izzy, everything is going to work out."
We sat quietly, hand-in-hand while Jason drank his lemonade. Tink appeared and took the glass as soon as Jason finished. Then, we were alone again. Jason's breathing and pounding heart were the only sounds. My nerves couldn't take anymore. 
I slid closer to Jason and whispered. "Maybe this was a mistake."
"Was it?" Came a quick, cold response from the archway.
"Elizabeth!" I said, startled.
Jason stood and pulled me to my feet. He wrapped his arm around mine like Benjamin was holding Elizabeth's. "Nice to see you again," Jason said.
"Yes," I added, lost for words.
Neither Benjamin nor Elizabeth moved.
"Then coming was a mistake?" Elizabeth said, apparently ignoring what Jason said.
"Yes—no—I don't know," I babbled.
Jason squeezed my arm and then stepped in front of me, turning his back slightly toward them. He smiled and then silently mouthed, 'family', before turning back toward them. "Mr. Faulkner, Sir, I noticed a checkerboard on the porch, do you play?"
Benjamin's eyes lit up. "Chess my young friend, a general's game."
"Then chess it is." Jason kissed the back of my hand and strolled across the room. As he approached, Benjamin turned and led him out to the porch.
Neither Elizabeth nor I moved. Try as I might, I couldn't remember a thing Jason told me. "It's nice to see you again," I offered. "You look beautiful."
The corner of her mouth twitched, shy of a smile. "You look well."
"I wasn't—not before—not now—I'm sorry." I remembered Jason told me not to say I was sorry unless I really was. "Not for leaving," I corrected.
"No? What then?" Elizabeth's voice was cold, removed.
"For hurting all of you—for hurting you. I had to go—I wanted revenge—to end this."
Elizabeth slowly crossed the room and then sat down on the sofa. 
I sank back down, leaving a distance between us. 
"To end this?" she repeated with astonishment.
"I hate being a monster—craving blood—sleepless, pointless eternity. All I wanted was to find who did this to me and destroy him and then end it. I'm sorry I led you on—lied to you—you deserve better."
"I was not deceived, and as I suspect you know, I knew the answers you searched for."
"Then why didn't you tell me? That's the one piece I don't understand. I spent all that time—and you knew."
"As quaint as it might seem, it's really quite simple, I gave my word." She relaxed in what almost looked like a human sigh. "I cannot tell you how many times I considered telling you. You were so full of hate—so angry, but I was afraid I'd lose you and I couldn't do that to Benjamin. He adores you so."
"And you?"
"I too will not apologize for something I do not regret. Isabella would have killed you that night if we hadn't happened upon the two of you. It was my insistence that brought you to us. I do not regret a moment of the time we've shared."
"You say that like it's over."
"Not unless that's what you want."
Elizabeth held out her arms and I slid next to her. "Can you ever forgive me, Mother?"
Her arms wrapped around me in a gentle embrace, her head sinking down to rest on mine. It was the closest we'd ever been. After what I'm sure was a considerable time for Elizabeth, she eased me back. "What are your plans?"
"I don't know. I've spent my entire existence contemplating my demise and now, I have no idea. Can I stay with you?"
"Is that what you want?"
That was the million dollar question, what did I want? Jason, the Faulkners, a pyre of purple flames, what did I want? "Would you destroy me if that's what I wanted?"
There was true sadness in Elizabeth's eyes. "I've failed you miserably. Perhaps what you need is time."
"Then I can stay?"
"This is your home. We are family. This is where you belong."

Chapter 6
"Come," Elizabeth said, "let me show you the grounds."
Jason glanced up when we stepped out onto the porch, but he was obviously deep in thought.
"Let the men have their game." Elizabeth said, whisking me down the steps.
The manicured garden was remarkable. I don't think there was a single leaf out of place. And the grass, the grass was as smooth as a plush carpet. Elizabeth's enthusiasm was almost child like as she described the plantation of her time. Life was simple then, elegant in every sense of the word. Somewhere in the course of our conversation Elizabeth mentioned her father and that reminded me.
"Can I ask you a question?"
Elizabeth motioned to a stone bench at the edge of the garden. "What is it child?" she said as we sat down.
"I killed one of our kind and—"
"Izzy!" Elizabeth gasped. "We do not go around randomly killing—"
"But he was one of the others, the red eyes, the ones that feed on humans," I explained.
"Part of the reason we exist the way we do is because we have a deep seeded respect for life—no matter how you define it."
"But—"
"No, Izzy, there can be no exceptions."
"He was Jason's father," I blurted out.
"How in the world—" Elizabeth broke off.
"It's a long story, but Jason's father has been missing for over a year. They thought he'd been killed in a surfing accident, but on our way home, we stopped where the accident happened."
"The ocean?"
"No, my accident."
"You remembered that much?"
"Yes, it came back in small pieces, but I'm sure it was the place. Anyway, while we were there I heard someone stalking us. I hurried Jason to the Jeep, and we raced away. It was miles later—I thought we were safe—when he suddenly attacked. I don't think he realized what I was or he probably would have been more careful. At any rate, I managed to get the advantage and I disabled him. Jason recognized him, but I knew if I let him heal he would come after Jason again. He was stronger—I was lucky the first time I couldn't count on that again."
Elizabeth nodded. "The boy's blood."
"I told Jason what I had to do and although he resisted at first, ultimately he told me to do what I had to. He said that his father was dead to him anyway. Do you think he can really forgive me?"
"After tonight—"
"There you are," Jason said, hopping over one of the perfectly manicured hedges. "Ladies." Jason bowed. "Your father said there's a beautiful view of the sunset over the river—he said I should, and I quote, 'fetch the two of you, pronto.'"
"Fetch?" Elizabeth said with distain.
"His exact words, Ma'am."
"May I assume he won the game?" Elisabeth inquired.
"He said you would know that." Jason smiled and motioned toward the path, "Shall we?"
Jason fell in by my side and we followed Elizabeth across the grounds. Benjamin met us at a fork in the path. Elizabeth slipped in next to him without breaking stride.
"How'd it go?" Jason whispered.
"We're good."
Elizabeth glanced over her shoulder.
"Your father's really cool. Whipped my butt, but he's definitely cool."
"Here we are," Benjamin announced as we emerged from the wooded path onto a small piece of land that jutted out above the river. We stood in a line, Elizabeth and I in the center flanked by Benjamin and Jason.
The Alabama crimson sky was mirrored perfectly in the river's tranquil water. There was not one ripple to disturb the reflection. It was the most beautiful sunset I think I'd ever seen and sharing it with Jason and my parents made it that much more spectacular. I noticed Jason looking down with awe at our hands, locked tightly together. My skin sparked like a million ruby's. I glanced over at Elizabeth and Benjamin as Jason slowly brought my hand to his lips and kissed me. Elizabeth quickly looked away.
"Well," Elizabeth began as the sunset faded to deepening shades of purple. "We should be getting back, Jason has a long trip ahead of him."
I looked up at her confused. "Jason's not leaving."
"Long goodbyes only make it more difficult," Elizabeth continued.
"No," I said. "Jason is never leaving." I could see the anger boiling up in her eyes. "Is that what you thought?"
"Elizabeth Faulkner," Benjamin warned.
"I know it's difficult for you," Jason said. "I could grab a hotel room in town if you'd prefer."
"Of course I'd go with him," I added.
"Izzy," Elizabeth grumbled.
"You said you wanted me. Jason is part of me. If you want me, you want Jason."
"Elizabeth—"
Elizabeth raised her hand, cutting Benjamin off. "This isn't proper, there's etiquette, rules to abide by, even laws."
"There have been others," I challenged. "I know, we've met them."
"And it nearly destroyed the entire family," Elizabeth fired back. "Would you subject our family to that risk?"
"Ladies, ladies," Benjamin interrupted, stepping between us. "The battle won't be won tonight. Perhaps Jason would be comfortable in the guest room."
"And you will stay in yours," Elizabeth demanded.
I started to argue, but Jason squeezed my hand. "Fine, have it your way."
"The proper way," Elizabeth concluded. She turned to Benjamin. "Come, we'll need to prepare the room."
Jason turned to me when they were gone. "I'm not sure I like the sound of that. What did she mean by prepare the room?"
"You know, fresh linens in the coffin, stuff like that."
"Very funny. Listen, I really don't mind getting a place in town for the night."
"No, they'll have to deal. I meant what I said."
"You're sure? I kind of got the impression you—well I'm just a human—I'd understand if—"
"Oh shut up and kiss me."
* * *
Jason and I stayed by the river, but it wasn't long after sunset that Jason began to complain about the bugs—apparently they were biting. We thought about going into town, but decided to just spend the evening in. I really expected Elizabeth—or at least Tink—to be waiting for us at the house, but they were mysteriously absent. As a matter of fact, I got the impression we were alone—which totally made no sense. Maybe a little test…
"How about I tuck you in?" I said to Jason with a wink.
"Really, you shouldn't provoke—"
"Come on." I grabbed his hand and we raced up the stairs.
"Which way? " Jason said when we reached the archway at the top.
And there he was, at the far end of the hallway to our right. "Hey Tink."
He chuckled.
"You want to play cards with us?" I said.
"Sure."
We played for several hours. Tink had to leave the room a few times—being around Jason was a little too much for him. The conversation was mostly about the game and a bit of small talk here and there. Nothing was ever said about my leaving or return—or their move south.
"Are Melanie and Nathan here, I haven't seen them?"
"They're in North Carolina."
"Why North Carolina?"
Tink's gaze fell to the floor. He spoke so quietly that only I could hear. "Melanie was very upset when you ran away. She felt like it was Elizabeth's fault and that we should have done more to find you."
"It wasn't Elizabeth's fault. It's what I planned all along."
Tink shrugged.
"Can you give me directions? We'll stop on our way back."
"I thought you were going to stay," Tink said.
"We've got school," Jason interjected.
Tink scratched his head. "Why?" He addressed the question to me.
"I want to be with Jason."
"But you told Elizabeth—"
"That you wanted to be part of our family." Elizabeth finished from the archway.
Jason and Tink stood as Elizabeth entered the room. I didn't like the fact that Benjamin wasn't with her—I could count on Benjamin to keep a cool head. Jason looked on edge like he sensed this was an ambush.
"Your evening gown is beautiful," I said to Elizabeth.
"Which is it?"
Jason broke the momentary silence. "So Tink, how about a game of chess?"
"How about checkers? More to my liking."
"Done. You got anything in the kitchen, I'm dying here?"
Tink chuckled.
"Well, you know what I mean."
"You're leaving me?" I complained.
"We'll just be in the way," Jason said. As he walked across the room, Tink joined him. And they were gone, leaving me to face Elizabeth alone.
"Coward," I mumbled. 
Elizabeth hadn't moved since entering the room. Her icy stare was unrelenting. 
"So, are you saying it's one or the other?" I asked.
She didn't answer—which I assumed meant it did.
I tried to focus on what Jason had told me—don't lose your cool. "Let me ask you something. Before Benjamin changed you, could you have loved him?"
"I did."
"Do you think he loved you even though you were human?"
"He did."
"Then following your logic Jason and I can be in love."
"No."
"What!" I jumped up from the sofa. "That doesn't make any sense."
Elizabeth stepped back, which surprised me.
Calm, I reminded myself. "I want to be part of this family, that's why I'm here—you're all I know, but—"
"But?"
"But Jason is part of me. I can't understand how or why you would make me choose. He's part of me, isn't that answer enough?"
"Do you intend to change him?"
"No, never."
"His knowledge violates our most basic law of secrecy. Would you put the entire family at risk?"
I knew of the vampire royal family—but I hadn't considered the danger they posed. "He's only one human, how would they ever know?"
She walked slowly to the far end of the couch and then gracefully settled onto the cushion, folding her hands in her lap. "First he feels he has to explain to his mother, then it slips out at school, or to one of his friends. Oh sure, he discounts it, but little by little the rumor spreads. One day a nomadic vampire's victim screams, "He was right." And the story eventually makes its way to our royalty."
I began to unconsciously shake my head. "I can't leave him—I'm staring over that's true, but I love him."
Elizabeth sighed as though she understood.
"You're right though, it isn't fair for me to put the family at risk." I stood. "Jason!" I called down the hallway.
"What?" He sounded annoyed as he stepped into the hallway. "Already?" He shook his head and added under his breath, "That can't be good."
"How about a burger? I think I saw a place on the way here."
"Sure, burger sounds great. Hey Tink, we'll have to finish later. Sorry man."
I didn't look back in the room as Jason and I strolled past the doorway. Jason seemed to sense I needed a moment and didn't say a thing until I squealed the car off the dirt drive onto the pavement of the main road. I'd just slammed it into third gear when he spoke.
"Eighty miles per hour—on this road? I take it things didn't go all that well with Elizabeth."
"You could say that." I let off the gas and eased it into fourth gear. "Ahhh," I huffed in frustration.
"You really that upset about the sleeping arrangements? Seriously? I mean no way my mom would let us shack up."
"Shack up! Is that what you think we're doing?"
"Hey, don't bite my head off—I'm just the human—"
I burst out laughing and when he realized what he'd said, Jason did too. We'd only gone a few miles when the soft neon glow of a red beer sign lit the street up ahead. I turned into the gravel parking lot and parked next to a row of motorcycles.
"Uh," Jason groaned, "this is a bar."
"What, now you're not hungry?" I got out and slammed the door.
Jason climbed out of the other side. "Okay, I guess it's not like I have anything to worry about—not with my superhero girlfriend by my side."
"Funny. Very funny." I waited for him at the front of the car and let him lead me toward the front door. Jason was drooling over the motorcycles as we walked past them. I have to admit, they were beautiful. Hmmmm, maybe a bike would be fun. The stench of stale beer choked me as Jason opened the front door.
"Told you," Jason said, leading me into the dark, smoke filled room. "Looks like we're in luck." He steered me into the vacant booth just inside the door. Even so, our entrance caused a slight catch in the conversations around the room.
The place looked like something out of the movies. Men with long hair, bandanas and leather—I'd never seen so much leather—were leaned up against the bar. There were two pool tables in the back surrounded by female spectators which except for being thinner, didn't look much different than the guys. No doubt this was a rough crowd and it couldn't be more obvious that Jason and I didn't belong.
"You got I.D.s?" Came a gruff, female voice from the edge of our booth.
"We just wanted something to eat," Jason said.
"Hey Bart!" she yelled toward the bar. "Is it alright if these kids eat here?"
Naturally everyone looked our way. Hello—attention—not good.
"They got cash?" A fat man from behind the bar—presumably Bart—yelled back.
"Sure, no problem," Jason said to the waitress.
"Yeah!" she yelled back to Bart.
Bart just waved his hand at her without looking up.
"What can I get you?"
"You okay?" Jason whispered apparently noticing I wasn't breathing.
I rolled my eyes up toward the waitress.
"Oh, right. I'll have a cheeseburger, fries and a soda."
"Cheese is ten cents extra."
"I think I'll splurge—oh—and no onions." He winked at me, his pearly white teeth glistening in a smile.
"And for you," the waitress said, eyeing me suspiciously.
"Ah, she doesn't eat," Jason said. "I mean she's not hungry right now."
"Figures," the waitress said.
"Hey!" one of the bikers at the pool tables yelled. "We need another round."
"Yeah, yeah, keep your britches on." She smiled at me—missing at least two teeth. "For your sake not mine." On her way to the bar she called out Jason's order and added, "Hold the onions, boy's hopin' to get lucky."
That brought a roar from the guys at the bar.
I risked a slight breath. The atmosphere was thick with a foul human stench. It reminded me of the smell that came out of the boy's locker room at school. On top of that, there was cigar and cigarette smoke, something else—probably marijuana, and a vile chemical odor. The women's perfumes were no better and really did nothing to mask the other smells as a matter of fact, their sick sweetness probably made the others worse.
The waitress banged Jason's plate on the table and then slid it to him with her hip. Her other hand balanced a tray filled with beer bottles. "I'll be back with your soda."
Jason was almost finished the burger by the time she brought the soda.
"Hungry much?" I teased.
"I haven't eaten since breakfast." He dipped a fry in ketchup and stuffed it in his mouth. "Listen, sorry about the slip."
"No big deal," I said, but I couldn't help remember what Elizabeth said, 'he'll make a slip and eventually it will get out'. It really wasn't a big deal—the waitress had taken one look at my slender figure and discounted the comment as fact, or if I did eat, I'd be in the bathroom puking afterwards. I scanned the crowded room. Everyone was busy with whatever they were doing—except, there were three guys in the back, near the pool tables, that kept looking our way. One of them caught me staring and raised his beer bottle toward me. I looked away. Had the waitress said something to them? What if she did, what would it matter? It's not like I was the only slim girl in the world. The guy to his left was another story—the expression on his face was almost frightening, even to me. I tried to listen in on their conversation, but I couldn't isolate it out of all the other conversations in the room.
"What is it?" Jason said, leaning forward.
"I don't like the way those guys are staring at us. We should go."
"Now? I'm not finished and who knows when I'll get to eat again."
Just then, the three bikers in the back of the room started toward us—or at least toward the front of the room. "Now, Jason."
"I don't have the bill."
I glanced toward the bar and saw our waitress. "Come on, we'll pay on our way out." I grabbed his hand and made for the bar.
"Hey," Jason said as we approached her, "what do we owe you?"
Behind us, the three men rounded the corner. It wasn't until then that I realized there was no other exit from the bar. Deep down, I could sense my instincts starting to ramp up.
"Hey, take it easy," Jason said, apparently recognizing my expression. "Here you go," he said to the waitress handing her a twenty-dollar bill. "Keep the change."
We turned to face the three, muscular bikers.
The huge one in the middle—the one with the shaved head and some sort of confederate bandanna tied around his forehead—motioned us forward with his finger. Jason slid his hand into mine.
"Aw, ain't that sweet," the biker on the left crooned.
"We were just leaving," Jason said.
The bald one in the middle replied. "Don't be like that, I just wanna dance."
Jason's hand tightened on mine.
"She's spoken for," Jason said.
The three bikers laughed.
"By you?" The bald one pointed at Jason.
"Yeah, by me."
"Jason…" I warned.
"Come on." Jason tugged me toward the door, but the bikers side stepped in front of us. His hand tightened more.
"I don't dance with just anybody," I said, stepping forward to confront them.
"That so," the bald one grunted.
"You fancy yourself as a pool player do you?" I challenged.
"Sure do."
"Tell you what. I'll play you for it."
"For it?"
"Sure, I win, we walk out of here. You win, I'll dance with you and your friends."
The scrawny guy on his right punched him in the shoulder.
"All night."
Jason squeezed my hand again. I could see the concern in his eyes. 
'It's okay,' I mouthed silently toward him so the bikers couldn't see. "Lead the way."
Jason and I followed them back to the pool tables, which were both occupied, but when they saw us coming, the guys at the left table stepped aside.
I looked around at the curious onlookers. We were in the back of the bar now, and a quick exit would be difficult. Down the hall toward the bathrooms, there was a partially lit exit sign—Plan B.
"Names Duke," the bald biker said as he racked the balls. "Spect we're gonna get to know each other."
"You think he's any good?" Jason whispered in my ear.
"Does it matter?"
"I guess not, but take it easy, we don't want to make a scene."
"Here ya go little lady," Duke said, handing me a pool stick.
I tried to look bewildered. "Which end do I use?"
The scrawny biker spewed a mouthful of beer across the corner of the table.
"Ladies first," Duke said.
"We're playing eight ball I presume," I said to surprised faces. "I'll take solids."
I ran the table being sure to make some of the shots look more like luck than skill. Duke was none to amused, grunting each time a ball dropped in the pocket. Finally I was down to just the eight ball.
"I think I've been hustled," Duke complained. "Where'd a pretty little thing like you learn to shoot pool like that?"
"Geometry class."
Jason nudged me, but I ignored him.
"Obviously, the easy shot is eight ball in the corner pocket, but how about I put it in this one?" I said, patting the center pocket by my hip.
"Why not?" Duke said. He laughed as the ball trickled into the pocket. "I'd say double or nothin', but I don't think it'd make much difference."
"You gonna let her whoop ya like that there?" the scrawny biker taunted.
"Yep, beat me fair and square—nice game—real exhibition." Duke put out his hand.
Now what? No way I could let him touch my ice-cold skin.
I extended my pool stick across the table and tapped his. "Pleasure."
"You live around here?" Duke inquired.
"No, just visiting family. We're from—"
"Up north," Jason interrupted. "We should get going." He tugged me toward the door.
"What was that all about?" I said as he led me rapidly toward the exit. "We weren't in any danger."
"Maybe not from them," Jason shot back.
"What does that mean?"
As soon as we were out front, Jason pushed me off to the side, into the shadows. "Sure, turned out Duke seemed like a decent guy, but there was a couple of guys in the booth closest to the pool table that were way to interested in your game."
"Interested?"
"I think they knew your shots were more than luck."
"But—"
"Exactly, nobody is supposed to know, but I'm telling you there was something about these two. After you made that last shot—I looked back and the one guy was gone."
"Seriously?"
Jason nodded. "I mean how'd he move that fast? Lets just get out of here." The ride home was uneventful although we both kept glancing in the rearview mirrors.
The house seemed empty again, but neither of us felt much like taunting Elizabeth so instead we went to the parlor and just talked. I suppose if I'd been human I would have been frightened about what Jason said, but it just seemed absurd to be afraid.

Chapter 7
It was late—Jason's eyes were getting droopy when I first heard it. Before I could even react, Elizabeth, Benjamin and Tink were in the room.
"Motorcycles?" I puzzled.
"They're on the drive," Elizabeth said with obvious alarm.
The ground was rumbling now—there were a lot of them.
"What the—" Jason said as the sound entered human range.
"Come," Benjamin said, "there isn't much time." He motioned us toward the hallway.
Tink fell in behind Jason as he got up. Just as we started forward, a shotgun fired, blowing out the window where Jason and I had been sitting.
"Quickly," Benjamin ordered.
Before we'd even made it out of the room, a barrage of gunfire erupted outside. There were shards of splintered wood flying all around us and I occasionally felt the sting of what I assumed were bullets.
"Where are we going!" I yelled.
"The basement," Tink replied.
"Ahh!"
"Jason!" I turned as he crumbled into Tink's arms. A bullet grazed my cheek below my left eye.
"Keep going," Tink said, "I've got him."
We raced down the beautiful curved staircase, spindles exploding as bullets tore through them. Glass was falling like rain from the shattered crystals of the chandelier. I heard it crash to the floor as we started down a tiny staircase at the back of the kitchen. When we reached the wine cellar, Benjamin pressed one of the bottles inward and the wine rack against the far wall slid away. Behind it, a stone lined tunnel ran off into the darkness.
Benjamin stood at the entrance to the tunnel. "This leads to the family mausoleum. Follow your mother. Tolliver, take young Jason and go with the women. I'll be along shortly."
"Bring a bottle of brandy." Tink nodded toward Jason. "He's going to need it. Shoulder," he added.
"Very well. Go!" Benjamin ordered.
It was a surprisingly long tunnel that must have taken years to dig. Portions had obviously been dug by our kind, because there were places where it bore though solid rock. Once we reached the mausoleum, Tink pressed Jason into my arms, tore off his own bloodstained shirt and retreated back down the tunnel toward the house.
"Dang, girl," Jason moaned, "you sure know how to show a guy a good time."
I realized right away that breathing was out of the question—Jason's arm was covered in blood. I glanced up at Elizabeth. She was pressed back against the wall. Before I could speak, Benjamin entered the vault, but stopped at the entranceway.
"How is your young friend?"
"Hurts like hell," Jason said, "and wouldn't you know it, my throwing arm to boot."
Benjamin looked across the entranceway to Elizabeth. "Come, this way."
"You can't mend his arm alone," she said.
"Jason," I said, ignoring their conversation. "Are you alright?"
"Been better."
"Let me have a look." I slowly peeled back his hand so I could see the wound. His blood on my hand—as though it were seeping into my skin—was even stronger than his irresistible scent. I was dazed. The fire in my throat flared more than I had ever experienced—I tried to resist, but I brought my hand to my mouth.
"Is the wound from a bullet or a splinter?" Benjamin asked, distracting me.
"How—how can I tell?"
"The wound would be circular if it's from a bullet," Elizabeth wheezed.
"How do you know—"
"Quickly, girl."
I glanced down at Jason's wound. "It's round."
"Is it through and through?" Benjamin asked.
"Through and what?"
"Is there an exit wound?"
Jason cringed as I rocked him to the side so I could see the back of his shoulder.
"No, only on the front. What does that mean?"
"You're going to have to take the bullet out," Jason moaned.
I looked up in time to catch the bottle of brandy.
"That would be for me," Jason said. He grabbed the bottle and took a long gulp—choking as the alcohol burned his throat. "Listen," he said as he took a smaller sip, "I'm not exactly sure what kind of drunk I'm going to be, so if I get a little frisky, well I'm just a guy remember?"
"I don't know how I'll be able to tell," I soothed.
Jason took another mouthful. "Boy, this is going to make a great first drink story."
"Dad?" I looked to Benjamin. "I can't do—"
"Yes you can," Elizabeth said, leaning over me to kiss the top of my head. "You can do this. Here is Benjamin's medical kit. There's gauze, a pair of tweezers and some thread—"
"Thread?"
"To stitch the wound once you've removed the bullet. There are bandages when you're finished. Benjamin will talk you through the procedure." She stood, smiled apologetically and disappeared down the tunnel.
"Take a minute," Jason said, wiggling out of my arms. "Go talk to your dad, I'll manage. Besides, you don't want to screw up and kill the patient, right?" Jason took another swallow of brandy. "Whew, I gotta tell you this stuff makes me appreciate that burn in your throat you talk about."
I stood and looked down on him. "I doubt it. Don't go anywhere."
"Where would I go?"
I raced over to Benjamin and he went through the procedure. As long as I could locate the bullet, it didn't sound all that difficult—of course there was Jason's irresistible blood to deal with, but I had no choice. "Benjamin, what happened back there?"
"Take care of your young man," he said with finality.
"Alright." There was no need to take a breath, but I did anyway.
I was surprised to see how much of the brandy was gone, but figured it would help. Jason's body was placid, his attempts at conversation illegible slurs. It hurt me to dig into his arm with the tweezers. He was brave, but I could tell from the tightness in his face that my probing was painful. Once the tweezers hit lead, I was able to extract the bullet. It was surprisingly small considering the amount of blood. "This is going to hurt a little." I told Jason before dousing the wound with brandy.
"Ya think?" he groaned through clenched teeth.
"A few stitches and you'll be good as new."
"If this leaves a scar it's your fault." Jason took another drink. "What's a guy gotta do to get a kiss around here?"
"Okay, mister, that's enough for you." I took the bottle from him, took a swig and swirled it around in my mouth and then swallowed. "Like I thought, not even close."
Tink returned for a moment and tossed a clean shirt to me. I removed Jason's shirt and slipped the new one on starting with his injured arm. I tore off the bloodstained portion of his old shirt and tossed it in the far corner and then fashioned a sling out of the rest. Elizabeth came back with a blanket and helped me tuck him in.
"Thank you," I said.
She curtsied, but retreated to the tunnel again, this time taking Benjamin with her.
"I guess they trust you now." I laughed, looking down at Jason, but he was totally out of it. "Guess I see why." I gently stroked his face. "This is my fault. I never should have allowed you to talk me into bringing you—your mother was right you know. I love you, with all that I am, but—"
"No," Jason mumbled. "No buts. I love you—we are one—forever—for as long as I live."
"Sleep, my love—sleep." I held him for nearly an hour even though he was asleep in less than ten minutes. "You're a cheap date," I whispered, gently laying him on the stone floor. It was time to find out what was going on. Before I left, I took a torch down from the wall and burned the remnants of Jason's blood soaked shirt.
As I crept down the hall toward the house, I heard Benjamin and Elizabeth talking.
"How is this possible?" Elizabeth said. "It's been almost forty years by my recollection."
"Forty four," Benjamin corrected. "More than enough time." He scratched his head. "I must say I don't understand it. Izzy," he said, turning toward my approach, "how's your young man?"
"Sleeping. What happened forty four years ago?"
Neither Benjamin nor Elizabeth gave any indication of answering my question.
"Tink?"
"This isn't the first time we've been here," Tink said.
"I know that. This is the Faulkner land, right?"
"Yes," Benjamin said. "My family lost the land after the war. It has taken a great deal of time, patience and money to reclaim what was once ours." He looked to Elizabeth. "She is part of our family, she deserves the truth."
"Very well," Elizabeth said. "Come Izzy." She led me down another tunnel that if I had my bearings right went toward the river. Sure enough, after a short distance I could smell water. Elizabeth stopped and turned toward me. "You already know this is the Faulkner Plantation."
"Yes."
"You know that Boonsboro is where Benjamin died—this is where he lived. After we adjusted to our new existence, Benjamin wanted to regain what was once his. Benjamin was the sole air to the family estate. His parents took ill after Sherman burned his way across Georgia destroying everything in his path—the Faulkner plantation was in that path. When Benjamin's parents died, the land was parceled out and sold at auction. Over the years, Benjamin has repurchased the land plot by plot."
"I understand that it must have taken a longtime, but—"
"Fifty years ago we were finally able to purchase the original home site."
"The house."
"Yes. Of course the house was no longer here. Piece by piece we painstakingly rebuilt the house to what Benjamin remembered from his childhood. Our attention to detail was so remarkable it drew the attention of the local historical society. To preserve the plantation, Benjamin agreed to have it classified as a historical landmark. That was forty five years ago."
"This is the first time you've been back since then?"
Elizabeth's eyes were glassy—probably tears if she'd been human. "Yes. When you left us and I understood why, I had no reason to think you would return. When I told Benjamin, it broke his heart. This seemed like the logical place for us to start over again. He called the caretaker and told him to have the museum closed and that a family would be living in the house temporarily to do some redecorating."
"Okay, that all makes sense, but what about the motorcycle gang?"
"The original reconstruction took nearly seven years, but we were in the local area longer than that. Naturally we avoided contact with humans as much as possible but there were a few instances where we might happen across a hunter or fisherman. There was never any cause for alarm. As I said, we stayed out of sight during the work. Benjamin directed the reconstruction through drawings and notes. We inspected the progress at night. I wish you could have seen Benjamin in those days, he approached the task with the same effort to detail that he has for his painting. These were happy times and it brought him great joy."
"So what happened?"
Elizabeth looked annoyed that I had interrupted, yet again. "To celebrate the opening of the plantation as a landmark, the town's historical society organized a reenactment. There are those who go to great effort to relive the past—for the most part they do an admirable job. Benjamin and I got caught up in the splendor of it all and found ourselves as participants. Naturally, with our knowledge, we had a great deal to contribute. Again, you must realize Benjamin and I were merely caught up in the illusion. Unfortunately, when the day came it was all too real. The Yankee charge across the northern fields brought back the terror of my demise." She shook her head with disgust before continuing.
"Benjamin had been asked to portray a commanding officer in the Confederate Army. To achieve a realistic battle scenario, a great deal of people were involved. To this end, the historical society held open registration for soldiers. Basically, if you were male, you could participate. There were, what I would call professional re-enactors that came from many places around the country to participate. There in would lie the problem. I do not pretend to understand the intricacies of battle, but I know Benjamin became a student of such things after his demise at Lambs Knoll. The re-enactors had a basic plan for the day, what they were doing, who would win, who would fall and where, but there were entirely too many people involved to be specific. Then, when the Yankees charged—"
"Instinct took over," Benjamin said, walking up behind us to lay his hands on my shoulders.
"I'm sorry, dear," Elizabeth said, "I know this is painful."
Benjamin turned me to face him. "You remember my paintings and our discussion about the battle at Lambs Knoll?"
"Yes, it was for my History class."
"I'm not the smartest pea in the pod I'll admit, but I learned from that experience. As the Yankees charged, I recognized their formation and ordered my troops to attack their flank. This time however, I held half in reserve so we were prepared for their counter attack." A brief smile crossed his lips. "Of course it was all just a recreation. Afterwards, one of my commanders came by to chat. He was young, pale, and wore dark glasses. He confessed that he spent entirely too much time in the library. We discussed the battle sequence. Accordingly, he asked me the most poignant question, 'Were you at Lambs Knoll?' I was stunned to say the least. He quickly recanted saying I also must spend too much time in the library, but went on to describe in great detail the possible significance of the battle had it gone the other way. He asked me several times about family, but I avoided the questions. I pardoned myself and rejoined Elizabeth. During the course of that evening, I saw him several times. Each time, it seemed as if he were watching me and would nod casually. It was, to say the least, unsettling."
"Okay," I complained, "what does all this have to do with what just happened?"
"Patience, my dear," Elizabeth interrupted. "Continue, dear."
"Late that evening, after most of the guests and participants had gone, I saw him at the edge of the woods with a group of scraggly looking lowlifes some of whom had participated in the day's re-enactment. Then, in the wee hours of the morning, a band of motorcycle riding vigilantes descended on the property."
"Like tonight," I said.
"Elizabeth and I met them at the front porch. The bikers as you referred to them, pulled to a stop at the base of the stairs. The largest man of the group, who I recognized from the edge of the woods, threw a brown duffle bag up on the porch. Out of it spilled a hammer and several wooden stakes."
"But that's just a myth."
"Correct, but like so many historians who are led astray by legend, his information was flawed."
"You think the man who asked you about Lambs Knoll was responsible?"
"Perhaps he knew more about the battle than he let on," Elizabeth said.
Benjamin nodded. "The large man made a gesture to one of the lowlifes who immediately pulled a gun and fired on me. When I did not flinch, he fired on Elizabeth."
"Then they did know, or at least suspected."
"Even after so many years in this existence, we reacted as humans would. Elizabeth retreated into the house and I, a trained soldier, attacked, wading into the barrage of gunfire slashing and tearing whatever I could reach. The bikers retreated quickly when they realized their guns were of no consequence. The exchange left three dead."
Benjamin drew in a long human breath. "I buried them, but not before draining the blood from their bodies."
"Benjamin!" Elizabeth gasped. "You never told me—"
"I'm sorry my dear, but the anger, the urge was too overwhelming." He turned to me to conclude his story. "Obviously we had to leave, but as we made our preparations, they returned, this time with bottles of flaming kerosene. They tossed them at the house from their motorbikes as they circled us, setting the house a blaze."
"And you hid here," I concluded.
"In those days this was an extremely remote area, so no authorities were dispatched," Elizabeth continued. "We withdrew before dawn, our efforts to restore our past lost to the present."
"I anonymously funded yet another flawless reconstruction which stood as a testament to our past—" Benjamin added. "That is until today."
"And the historian guy, what happened to him?"
"We never saw him again."
"It doesn't make any sense," I pondered. "Your lowlifes would have to be in their sixties or even seventies by now. The bikers had to be the same ones from the pool hall."
"Pool hall?" Elizabeth questioned.
"We called the game billiards," Benjamin clarified. "When was this?"
"When Jason and I went out earlier this evening we stopped at what turned out to be a pool hall slash biker bar."
"Izzy," Elizabeth droned with disgust.
"I know, not the best choice, but Jason was starving. Anyway, this guy Duke and a couple of other 'lowlifes' as you put it made advances toward me. To avoid a scene, I challenged Duke to a game of pool. He was the largest of them, so I figured if I took him on that would be the end of it."
"Ahh," Benjamin nodded, approvingly.
"Naturally I trounced him, not missing a single shot."
"And was that the end of it?" Elizabeth asked.
"Sort off," Jason said.
Naturally we'd heard Jason come down the tunnel, but we were so engrossed in the conversation we ignored his approach.
Jason continued, stepping into our circle. "There were two guys, in a booth not far from the pool table that seemed overly interested in Izzy's game. After she sank the eight ball, I looked back and one of them was gone, just like that—vanished."
"Do you recall what he looked like?" Benjamin asked.
"No, not exactly, but he was wearing a hat and sunglasses—I mean seriously, it was dark in there."
"Are you suggesting the motorcyclists may have followed you here?" Benjamin surmised.
"They could have, or maybe they were already on their way."
"Interesting," Benjamin said, stroking his mustache. "We'll leave you two now." He and Elizabeth vanished down the tunnel without further discussion.
I listened carefully to make sure they hadn't stopped before I spoke. "I think Benjamin thinks one of our kind might be responsible for what happened tonight."
"Seriously? You fight among yourselves?"
"Ah, hello, remember Forks? Your dad?" I probably should have left off the last part.
"Oh, right. Which one of you does Benjamin think they're after?"
I hadn't thought of it in those terms. I'd just assumed they were after all of us. Why couldn't it be just one?
"Since this happened once in the past," Jason continued, "we could make the assumption that they are after one, or all of the Faulkners although I have no idea how they would have known they would return." Jason thought for a minute. "You haven't been with them that long, so I doubt it's you unless we were followed." He read the hesitation in my face. "We weren't followed, were we?"
"No, I don't think so."
"That doesn't sound very reassuring. Maybe we should tell your dad."
"No," I insisted. "your father followed us for only a few miles and I—well he didn't follow us after that."
"And the rest stop?"
"No, that doesn't make sense. If someone were following us, why would they kill where we could see?"
"Okay, reasonable. How about when we got home—anything?"
"No, although I had this kind of feeling that someone had been there. I was never sure one way or another."
"At your house, I remember that. So, that leaves the biker bar. You know, come to think of it maybe this doesn't have anything to do with your parents. Maybe its because you whooped that guy Duke's butt."
"Sore looser?" I shrugged. "That's awfully harsh."
"They were harsh dudes."
"Duke wasn't."
"What about the guy in the sunglasses, the one who did the disappearing act? Sure, I thought maybe strung out on something, but what if he was hiding—"
"Crimson eyes," I speculated.
"Hey, I know, maybe the bikers are like his zombie army."
"Jason, this isn't a movie."
"Sorry, you're right." He leaned back against the wall.
"Let's sit," I offered, realizing he was almost as pale as me.
We both sat down on the stonewall that rimmed a pool of water in the center of the cavern.
"So is this like a well or something?" Jason said.
"No, it connects to the river. It's the secret escape route."
"That's awesome." He reached for the water, but cringed.
"Does it hurt much?"
"Nah, I guess not, but I think I had too much wine, my head is killing me."
"Well, an alcoholic you're not."
We both laughed half-heartedly.
"Hey, wait a minute," Jason said. "If we could get Duke away from the others, maybe you could do that mind probing thing you do. You know, find out what he knows—what's going on."
"But how? He knows us and like you said, they could be after me."
"There's got to be a way."

Chapter 8
I really wasn't all that thrilled with Jason's plan, but I couldn't think of anything better and we really did need to check this guy out. Instead of risking Benjamin and Elizabeth's disapproval, we'd gone out underwater through the escape route. It was a good thing I'd taken a breath, because it turned out the tunnel was way too long for a human. I'd given Jason my air—he tried to turn it into a kiss—seriously. In typical male fashion, Jason enjoyed me in my underwear a little too much as I wrung out my clothes. I wasn't disappointed in how beautiful he was either if I was being completely honest.
Our clothes were still damp, which translated into Jason being cold. Me racing through the woods with him on my back didn't help. I slowed as we approached the bar.
"Crap," Jason groaned, "no bikes."
He was right, the parking lot was empty except for a black sedan near the sign post. Judging by the amount of dust on the hood, it had probably been there for days, maybe even weeks. 
"There," I said, pointing toward the far side of the building. 
We'd come up on the place from the rear, and leaning up against the back of the bar, were two motorcycles.
"Duke's?" Jason surmised. "No way we're that lucky."
"Why not?" I slid Jason down off my back.
"By the way, thanks for the lift."
I stuck out my tongue.
"Okay, so we go inside, see if Duke's there and then—"
"We?" I said. "I don't think so."
"You're right," Jason said. "They might know what you are so I'll go."
"Oh no—"
"You can hear me inside, right? I'll go in, see who's there and then duck into the bathroom."
I didn't like it, but he had a point, I didn't want to walk into a trap. "Alright, but the first sign of trouble you beat it out of there. I'll be waiting at the backdoor."
"Right, no problem."
Brave of him to say, but I could hear the apprehension in his voice. Despite that, he went around the corner of the building toward the front door. The place was open, or at least unlocked, the rusted door hinges screeched as Jason went inside.
"Mind if I use the head?" Jason said.
"Whatever." The deep, voice sounded like the bartender, Bart.
Jason's footsteps trailed off toward the back of the bar. Another door squeaked—presumably the bathroom.
"Oh, hey," Jason's voice shot up an octave.
"Don't I know you?" came another gruff voice.
"Uh yea, we sort of met earlier tonight."
"No," I hissed, that's not the plan. I raced to the backdoor.
"Right, the game of pool. What happened to your arm?"
"Ah, it's nothing, sprained my shoulder fooling around."
"Where's that cute little filly of yours?"
One of the toilets flushed, then quickly the other.
"She's outside—"
"Outside?"
"Well, at the bar—the place is deserted."
That was my signal that the coast was clear. I slipped in through the backdoor and stopped just inside the room near the pool tables.
"Where is everybody?" Jason said.
"Foreigners, who knows."
There was running water from the sinks.
"I thought you guys were like a gang or something."
"Yeah, they were, I'm just local."
"They been here long?"
"Can't say—I ain't seen em before last night."
"Well, I gotta head out—oh, about the dance—not such a good idea."
"Yep, I'd feel the same if she were mine. Nice meetin' ya."
"And hey, nice to hear you weren't part of that gang, nothing but trouble there."
"Thanks."
I stepped back into the shadows as they came out of the bathroom.
"There a place to stay around here?" Jason said. "We were thinking of taking in some of the scenery."
"There's Kelly's in town, but I'd stay away from there, you wouldn't want to put your lady anywhere near those biker dudes. Normally I'd recommend the Faulkner place, but it's closed for renovations. Fraid there ain't much else. Few miles up the road there's another bed and breakfast place—can't remember the name though."
"Cool, we'll check it out. Thanks."
They walked into the room with the pool tables.
"Hey," I said, "there you are."
Jason smiled. "You remember Duke."
"Hi."
"Don't suppose you'd have time to teach me a few of those shots?" Duke said.
"It's kind of late, maybe some other time. But hey, just pick up a high school geometry book. I bet you can figure it out."
"Maybe I'll do that."
Jason and I walked to the front door and then out into the parking lot.
"Guess you heard," Jason said. "He doesn't know anything. Now what?"
"Kelly's?" I shrugged.
"Sure, why not? We made it this far."
"We don't have to—"
"It's cool, I can hold my own." Jason lifted his sling.
"What does that mean?" I said, a little perturbed by his tone.
"He said it wasn't far, maybe we could just walk?"
"Fine."
We began to see houses after only half a mile. Up ahead, in the glow of a traffic light, there was a faded green sign that read, 'Kelly's Bed and Breakfast'. As we past a wooded area between houses, a girl came stumbling out of the underbrush. From her clothes, she was one of the bikers. Jason and I both did a double take and then quickly scanned the surroundings.
There was a motorcycle parked just inside the tree line and I could hear snoring from under one of the pines. For all intense purposes, the girl was alone.
"Hide," I whispered to Jason and he ducked in behind a tree. "Hey," I said to the girl.
"Who are you?" she mumbled, staggering forward. She was wearing jeans, boots, but nothing but a leather vest on top. The cold morning air had turned her translucent skin to goose flesh. There were no visible wounds from one of our kind feeding on her, but her long hair covered her neck.
"Izzy. I'm a fortune teller."
"Seriously?" her voice perked up. "Like you can really see the future?"
"Yeah, I'm really good at it too."
"That's like awesome, I bet you—" She collapsed against a tree and hurled her guts out. The vomit smelled more like alcohol than anything else.
"You want to know if you're pregnant?" I offered.
"Like how'd you know that?"
I winked.
"Oh, right." She patted her pockets. "Like I'm flat broke, but—"
"Not a problem, it looks like it's important." I stepped toward her. "Don't be alarmed, my hands are very cold. They do that when I'm going to do a reading—it's how I connect with the future."
She slid down the trunk of the tree into her vomit and reached her hands out toward me. "Sure, makes sense."
"Okay," I said stooping down next to her. "Relax, take deep breaths."
She closed her eyes and rested her head back against the tree.
"Relax." I brushed back her hair with the back of my hand and there it was, the bite mark. Funny thing about vampire legends—we used them to hide what we were, like wearing silver jewelry for example, but we also brought the legends with us. I remember when I first learned I was a vampire, thinking I couldn't go out in the sun or I'd burn to a crisp. Obviously this vampire brought the idea of feeding off the jugular. It was all the proof I probably needed, but maybe I could learn more. "What's your name?"
"Debbi."
"Okay, Debbi, nice and easy."
She flinched when I took her hands, but not as much as I expected.
I waited, giving her time to relax and then just probed—ever so slightly—for what she felt at this moment. Sick—her stomach tossed and turned—tequila, too much tequila. It almost made me feel sick. I reminded myself to keep the connection one way, not to expose who and what I was to her.
"Alright, let's see about that baby," I whispered. I pressed deeper into her subconscious probing, listening. Confusion, blurred colors and shapes, the acrid smell of marijuana. "Focus," I murmured. Her fear intensified the deeper I went. Her thoughts were drowned in loud music, laughter, drugs, sex. Suddenly, her body tensed as if she knew I was looking for some dark secret.
"Who are you!" a sinister voice boomed from her memory. "What are you doing?" A harsh, blurry marble face blasted through the fog, knocking me back.
I released her hands and fell back on the ground.
"You alright?" Jason said, helping me to my feet with his good arm.
"Yeah. Get out of sight."
Jason slipped back into the brush.
"I'm ready," Debbi said, seemingly oblivious to our mental exchange.
I stooped back down in front of her. "You're not pregnant."
"Oh."
"You sound disappointed."
"I guess."
"Before you try to get pregnant, you have to give up the drugs. If you don't, your baby will be sickly and die before she's grown."
"She?" Debbi smiled. "Yeah, I guess you're right." She crawled up the tree trunk, her boobs sloshing side-to-side like cups of Jell-O, and then brushed herself off. Suddenly she flinched toward the bite mark on her neck. "No, I don't want to—I don't know—I can't." Her eyes glazed over and her placid facial features turned hard, angry.
Before she had a chance to look at me, I darted into the underbrush, flung Jason on my back and ran. I wasn't sure what was happening—if maybe someone—the someone—could see through her eyes, but I didn't want to take any chances. We had what we came for.
* * *
I ignored Jason's questions until we were back on the river bank. "You were more right than we thought," I said.
"Then there is a vampire?"
"And a zombie army."
"What?"
"The girl, Debbi, she's been bitten—not changed, but controlled. When I got close, this face came blasting out of her subconscious to challenge me—chase me away. I've never seen anything like it."
"So you think the bikers—"
"At least some of them—I have no idea how many, but obviously enough."
"Did Debbi know who they were after?"
"No, but I still have that blurry image of a face." I stepped toward the water.
"Seriously?" Jason looked back across the field.
"You're right, it's probably safe by now."
Jason took my hand and led me toward the cotton field. He had that vibe again, the one when he felt inferior. This was beginning to become a common reaction and I had no idea how to deal with it—I was what I was—it wasn't like I could do anything about it.
"It was a great plan, Jason," I offered.
"Yeah, I had a great view hiding in the bushes."
"You were really brave to go into the biker bar, though."
He turned back and smiled. "You noticed."
"Of course." I stared into his chocolate brown, puppy dog eyes. "Your whole impromptu plan was perfect." Just then we cleared the woods.
Across the cotton field, the smoldering remains of what used to be the Faulkner Plantation—and my car—marred the otherwise tranquil landscape. Benjamin and Elizabeth were standing in the ashes near the charred stone chimney like statues, but I didn't see Tink.
"I feel sorry for them," Jason said.
"You can see them—this far away?"
"Sure, 20/20 vision. Not bad for a human, right?"
I slid my hand up the back of his head, running my fingers through his hair. "Yeah, your eyes are perfect in every way."
"Do you think we should bother them?" Jason asked.
Just then, the bushes to our left moved. "Tink!" I darted the short distance and leapt into his arms. "You're alright." I kissed him on the cheek.
"Of course, why wouldn't I be?" he said, prying me off of him. If he could have blushed he would have. "Where were you two?" We walked over to Jason.
"A little mission," Jason said.
"What kind of mission?" Tink asked, suspiciously.
"Well," I said, "Jason thought of a way we could find out if another vampire had anything to do with what happened last night."
"One of us? What gave you that crazy idea?"
"Benjamin and Elizabeth told me about what happened before."
"Oh. And?"
"Well, what if what happened last night was related?"
"You think one of our kind is keeping the chain going?" Tink surmised.
"How else could they know?" Jason shrugged with a grimace.
"We don't think," I added. "We know. Jason's little plan led us to where the bikers are staying and I was able to get into the head of one of the biker chicks. It really wasn't necessary—I saw the bite mark on her neck."
Tink leaned back against a tree to consider. "Do you know who?" he finally asked.
"No, but I saw a blurry face." I looked out across the field. "I need to tell them."
Tink shook his head. "I don't know, this time it took a lot out of them. Not like them to give up, but—"
"Maybe we can put a stop to it," Jason said. "You have laws, right?"
Tink looked surprised. Certainly his quick glance in my direction was disapproving. 
"You mind waiting with Tink?" I asked Jason.
"No problem. Too bad we can't finish that checker game."
I couldn't read his tone. "Are you sure? You can come if you think—"
"No, it's fine. Besides, Tink and I need to figure out our next move."
"Thanks for understanding." I pushed up on my toes and kissed Jason's cheek. A quick glance toward Tink and I raced across the field, slowing as I approached Benjamin and Elizabeth. Neither moved. "I have news."
Benjamin looked up from the ashes. I knew it wasn't possible, but I swear his cheeks were tear streaked. "And what news would that be?"
Elizabeth stirred at the sound of his voice.
"Do you remember my little gift?"
Benjamin nodded.
"Well, Jason came up with this plan and it worked. The more we talked about it, the more it seemed impossible that what happened last night and the story you told me weren't somehow related—there had to be a connection, but what?"
"Ah," Elizabeth huffed dismissing my assumption, "that's impossible, too many years have passed—"
"No," I interrupted. "Jason and I went to the bar, with the idea I could look into one of the bikers thoughts and find out why they burned your house? Well, Jason went in, but no bikers. Turned out the guy I played pool with was a local boy, but the others—well that's a different story. We found out where they were staying and decided to check it out. Anyway, as we approached one of the girls with the bikers came stumbling out of the woods. She was still half intoxicated so I tricked her into thinking I was a fortuneteller. She bought the whole 'my hands are cold because I'm in touch with the future' charade so I gave it a shot. Oh, before that, I saw the bite mark on her neck."
That got their attention.
"So, I knew she was at least with a vampire, but I had no idea what to expect. I thought maybe if I looked inside her mind I could see who it was."
"Did you?" Benjamin asked as Elizabeth stepped in next to him. He wrapped his arms around her in an unusual, outward display of affection.
"I did like you taught me—you know go slow, but all I was getting was weird patterns of light and loud music. I think she was a drug addict. So, I tried to push deeper. Nothing—nothing—and then suddenly the sharp teeth and bite, but before I could even comprehend what I was seeing, this face came roaring though the fog screaming, 'Who are you? What do you want?' it totally freaked me out."
"Freaked you out?" Elizabeth puzzled.
"Scared me. We broke contact and as I gathered my thoughts, Debbi twitched with some sort of spasm. Her face got hard—her eyes glazed over—and—"
"Did she see you in that state?" Benjamin asked.
"No. I grabbed Jason and we took off."
Benjamin looked down and hugged Elizabeth tighter. "This is a larger problem than we thought."
"If there are humans involved, it could bring the rulers," Elizabeth speculated.
Benjamin looked back to me. "Did you recognize the face?"
"No, it was blurred, lacked definition."
"A likely precaution." He glanced upwards. "The sky is lightening, we should move back to the tunnels."
I waved at Tink, and before Jason knew what happened, Tink had him on his back and was headed across the field. Once we were together, we moved though the ashes, past the charred, skeletal remains of the once, grand chandelier, and down the steps into the tunnels. Jason fell behind even though we were moving slowly.
"What is it?" I asked, turning back to him. The others also paused.
"Sir, are these your paintings?" Jason asked, not looking away from the one he was examining.
Benjamin frowned at me before answering. "They are, indeed."
"Izzy told me how good you were, but I had no idea."
Benjamin's frown faded. "That's very gracious of you."
Jason placed his finger carefully on the painting he was looking at, then moved away from us to another and did the same. "There's something you should see—"
The four of us were with him instantaneously.
Jason flinched. "It's going to take me a while to get used to that." He stepped closer to the painting and we all leaned forward as he extended his finger to a small patch of gold slightly visible through the blue cannon smoke. "There," he said, "see that?"
"Yes," I said for all of us.
"Look familiar?" He cocked his head to the side and stepped back.
"It is just two small brush strokes," Benjamin said.
"Sure," Jason replied, "gold in an otherwise area of blue-gray. Out of place wouldn't you say?"
"Errant bush strokes then," Benjamin surmised.
"Okay, then." Jason moved to another painting and pointed to the same place. "Then this one too?" He moved to the next painting and pointed again. "And this one?"
We each examined them. "What is it?" I asked.
"I have no idea." Benjamin replied.
"Consciously," Jason added. "When I draw, I sometimes find lines I don't understand, but if I go back and examine the subject of the drawing I can usually find them. You see it, just not on a conscious level."
"Like my drawings of the Olympic Mountains," I added.
"Exactly. Izzy had no idea what she was drawing consciously, but her mind knew exactly what she was drawing."
"What could a button possibly have to do with our current demise?" Elizabeth interjected.
"Button?" we all replied in unison.
"Of course," Elizabeth defended, "a brass button. The kind the men wore on their uniforms."
Jason broke the silence. "Do you still have that photograph I gave you?"
"I'll retrieve it," Tink said before vanishing down the tunnel. He returned moments later with the envelope and handed it to Benjamin.
Benjamin pulled the photo out of the envelope.
"There," Jason said, pointing to the area under the fallen tree, "that button."
"How did you—"
"I have an artist's eye," Jason replied. He looked at me intensely and continued. "I think maybe you need to do your memory link thing with your father."
"Absolutely not," Benjamin stated. "I would never expose her to such brutality."
Elizabeth slipped her arm in his. "Look around you, darling. All that we were has been destroyed yet again. Maybe Izzy can help sort it out."
He looked down at her, shaking his head. "It's not worth it."
"It is," I said. "I can do this, like you taught me. Together we can find the answer."
Benjamin reached out and drew me into an embrace with Elizabeth. Wrapped in his arms, he kissed the top of my head and then Elizabeth's. "Ah," Benjamin sighed, "I'm powerless against such beauty. I never really had a choice, did I?"
"Tolliver," Benjamin said, "you do not approve?"
Tink shook his head. "Izzy's too young—too innocent." He turned to me. "You sure about this?"
"I'm a big girl, I can handle it." I looked to Benjamin. "Do you want to sit?"
Elizabeth stepped back leaving only me in Benjamin's arms. "This will do fine. I will see if I can get you quickly back to the point that interests us, thus avoiding those years as a new born."
"Okay." I forced a smile.
Benjamin drew in a breath and let it slowly escape. "It will be interesting to see if you can pull something out that I no longer remember." He held up his hand as if we were going to waltz. I put my hand in his. "Relax."

Chapter 9
The initial blur of images was staggering, but I was no longer aware of my body except for a gentle swaying from side-to-side. As Benjamin had suggested, together we were quickly transported to Lambs Knoll, but not the Lambs Knoll I knew—the one of monuments, plaques and communication towers—but the Lambs Knoll of 1864, a peaceful rural farming community.
I gasped as the images skipped forward dropping us in the middle of the battle. Suddenly my side was on fire as a Yankee musket ball found its mark. I was hit twice more before I hit the ground. I was dying. As I lay there in the fog of death, I saw Tink fall on the outskirts of Sunken Road. Then, the images blurred behind a curtain of blood, but the sounds of men in agony continued, growing weaker as time passed.
Slowly the battle moved away and silence took its place. In the darkness, there was an instantaneous flash of light and then burning—pain—I was being burned alive. As if that weren't enough, I couldn't move—cry out—and then I was being dragged—falling, I was falling. Muted thuds hit the area around me and fell against me—pressing—chocking—oozing bodies piled one on top of another.
"Stop!" I interrupted. "Go back."
Benjamin and I rewound his memory to just before the silent darkness.
"Slowly this time."
Almost like a slow motion DVR recording, the scene repeated. Crimson faded to blackness—the chaos faded to silence and this time as the darkness began to lighten, I saw it.
I gasped, jerked away, collapsing into Benjamin's arms. When I looked up, Benjamin's eyes were as wide as mine. "Was that—"
"What did you see?" Benjamin asked.
"You didn't see it?"
"No, we were repeating the memory of my death and you were suddenly gone." He lifted me back up on my feet.
"I saw the face—the same face from Debbi's nightmare, still blurred, but definitely the same."
"Your intuition was correct then, the well," Benjamin said.
"No. Its the face of the vampire that changed you—that started all this."
Benjamin froze. "But I don't know—I've never seen—"
"But you did." I looked toward Tink. "I need something to draw with, quickly before it's gone."
"Be right back." Tink raced down the tunnel the way we came. He was only gone for a moment before returning. "Will this work." He handed me a linen window shade and a piece of charred wood.
"Perfect." I spread out the linen on the floor and began sketching. Benjamin, Elizabeth, Tink and Jason gathered around as I worked. "This is the man I saw." But the image was blurred, lacked distinguishing characteristics.
Jason stooped down next to me. "Look here," he said pointing to the lower portion of my drawing, "the button." Jason took my hand and gently steered it to the face. "Close your eyes and try again. Shut everything else out, only the face."
When I opened my eyes, it was the same blurry face. "I've lost it."
"It was a remarkable effort," Benjamin said, stepping back. Elizabeth and Tink also stepped away.
"Don't give up," Jason said. He moved my hand to the area where the nose would be. "Close your eyes again, but this time, concentrate only on the nose."
When I opened my eyes, I'd added more detail—still vague, but better.
"Okay, now the mouth." He moved my hand to the area of the mouth and I closed my eyes and sketched again.
When I opened my eyes this time, like the nose, I'd added more detail. Benjamin, Elizabeth and Tink stepped closer.
"Okay, one more time." Jason moved my hand to the eyes.
Once finished, I opened my eyes to a more human looking face, but it still lacked sufficient detail. As I stared at it, I began to refine the areas I'd improved. Ever so slowly, the image gained detail.
"The historian," Benjamin said.
"The man in the corner booth," Jason added.
"The face in Debbi's subconscious and the man who changed you. One in the same," I concluded.
"Then it's true," Elizabeth said. "But why? I don't understand what he wants. Why destroy our past."
"More importantly, how do we stop him?" Jason said.
"And what about the human involvement?" Tink added.
Benjamin thought for a moment. "It seems as though this revelation has brought more questions than answers, but it is a starting point. We know more now than we did."
"Yes, that is true." Elizabeth said. She seemed to pick up on the lingering connection between Benjamin and me. "Boys, why don't we walk down to the well?"
"But we just—"
"Jason," I said with a wink, "they won't bite, I promise."
Benjamin squirmed awkwardly once they were gone. It was a side of him I'd never seen. Gone was his usual commanding persona. The closest I'd seen him to this state was that night in the parlor when he described his painting to me and more recently as he stood in the ashes of his home. 
"How do you feel?" he said.
"I'm fine," I said, but my voice gave away my uncertainty.
"I'm sorry you had to see that. It is an unfortunate side of humanity that is not pleasant to witness, particularly for one of your gender."
"I've read about war—in history class—but I had no idea—no concept of the actual brutality—the fear it entailed. Honestly, it makes my death seem insignificant."
"Death is never insignificant."
I nodded. "That took more out of me than I expected and I haven't fed in days."
Benjamin glanced at my eyes. "Yes, a hunt would seem appropriate."
"What about Jason?" I asked.
"There is a small structure south of the main house. It is still standing. Tink has a vehicle stored there, perhaps your young man might be capable of getting it operational."
"Oh."
He seemed to pick up on my uncertainty. "Is there a problem?"
"I'm not sure—its just—well, I'll kind of be tucking him away while we hunt and—well—he sort of has this male thing—"
"Ah." Benjamin chuckled. "A man has certain, shall we say, expectations."
"It's not fair."
He smiled. "All is fair in love and—"
"It's not a war."
"No, of course not." He turned toward the tunnel that led to the well. "I'll send young Jason back and we'll meet you at the river bank."
It wasn't long before I heard Jason's footsteps. I really wasn't sure how I was going to make Jason understand. I hated that he felt inferior. Truth was, I'd give anything to be the weaker of the two of us. In some ways I was, after all it was Jason who had the strength to find me and set things right with my past. Even now, he was here in the midst of what could become a vampire war. I just wished he could see it.
"There you are," he said as he appeared out of the darkness. "What's the plan?"
"Not really a plan so much. We need to hunt and well—"
His shoulders drooped. "Yeah, yeah, I have to stay behind."
"I'm glad you understand. I'd hate for you to see me like—"
"Like what, the incredible hunter that you must be? Are you kidding me?"
I turned away. "There is never a time when I feel more distant from you than when I hunt. That's when I feel the least human."
He stepped behind me and gently grasped my shoulder with his free hand. Slowly, he traced the outline of my arm, past my elbow and then wrapped his arm around my waist. "Don't be ridiculous." He plunged his face into my thick, curly hair. Finding the nape of my neck, he kissed me.
I responded with a low growl—intentionally—but the sound fueled the fire in the back of my throat. "I really do need to hunt."
"Sure." He let go and stepped back. "I'll hold up here until you're finished."
"Oh, no, I forgot. Benjamin said there was a car in the barn south of the house."
"Okay?"
"He thought that maybe you could get it running."
He flashed an I'm needed grin. "Yeah, sure, I'll give it a shot."
"You want me to—" I was going to offer him a lift, but thought better of it. "Okay, we'll catch up with you there." We walked back through the tunnel until we reached the house. I gave him a reassuring kiss on the cheek and headed back toward the well.
The hunt was uneventful although we stayed close to one another for protection. We still had no idea of why this vampire was hunting Benjamin. We needed a plan, but I was confident that given time, Benjamin would come up with something.
Once we had disposed of our individual kills, we regrouped at a clearing on the far side of the plantation. From there, we could clearly see the barn. I could be sure Jason was safe.
"If what you say is true," Tink began, "then this monster must have changed me as well. Does that mean he's after me too?"
"I believe it does."
"And Elizabeth?" Tink added.
"I'm not sure. It is difficult to fathom his motivation."
"I do not understand what possessed him to involve humans," Elizabeth said staring at me. "Surely after so much time he must know it is forbidden."
"I don't think he cares," Tink said.
"I agree," Benjamin added. "That makes him all the more dangerous. If, as you say, he has abandoned all reason then he is very dangerous indeed."
"So what do we do?" I asked.
Benjamin and Elizabeth exchanged a calculated glance as if they were agreeing on an unspoken conversation. "We don't do anything. I believe it is quite clear our adversary has no interest in you."
"You don't know that," I argued. "For all we know he followed me here."
"Ah, but considering that he also did this years ago, I doubt it. We've been here for weeks, he's had ample time to locate us."
"So what are you suggesting?" I pressed.
"I believe we should split up."
"What! No—that's crazy—we're stronger together."
"I won't have you in the line of fire," Benjamin said with finality.
"So, what, you expect me to just walk away? I can't do that—I won't."
"I believe the best plan is for us to lead them away. In that way, we will give you and young Jason a chance to slip away. At the same time we can verify that he is indeed following us. It is still possible our conclusion is wrong."
"Wrong? What's wrong is this stupid plan. You said you wanted me to be part of this family, yet here you are trying to get rid of me. Elizabeth, tell him."
"I'm afraid I agree with Benjamin. It is much safer for you if we—"
"Tink?"
Tink just shrugged.
"Think of Jason," Elizabeth said. "How would you feel if something happened to him? Could he ever forgive you if he were changed?"
"He'd probably thank me," I huffed.
Elizabeth gawked. "I had no idea, you said—"
"I said I have no intention of letting this happen to him, but I didn't say he felt the same." I was angry and kept going. "He said he'd accept spending the rest of his life with me if he had to, but he'd prefer we were forever."
"I see. I don't believe that changes anything." She turned to Benjamin for concurrence.
"I agree. To your point, it probably makes it even more imperative we separate. For his safety."
Benjamin, Tink and Elizabeth folded toward one another, excluding me.
I jumped up. "Seriously! Now? You expect me to just let you walk away—just like that?"
"Of course not," Elizabeth said. "You are a very important part of our family and I—no we will miss you terribly, but as your parents, it is our responsibility to see to your safety."
"By leaving me?"
"By drawing the danger away," Benjamin reaffirmed. "Once you are safe, say in the morning, you and young Jason can head back to Boonsboro."
"I can't believe I'm hearing this. Boonsboro, like the vamp doesn't know about Boonsboro? Hello, the photo Jason took, the tracking, he's been there."
"From all we have learned, he and his gang of cyclists will follow us."
"What if you're wrong? Jason and I will be alone."
"She makes a valid point," Benjamin said, obviously concerned he missed such a key point. "Very well, as you wish. Tolliver, you will join Izzy and Jason as far as Melanie's. By then we'll have a clear idea of our adversaries response." He looked to Elizabeth for final approval.
"Very well, fine," she huffed, wagging her finger at Tink. "You keep her safe."
"I shall Ma'am."
"I still think this is a mistake," I complained.
"Think of young Jason, from what you've said of the bikers, our adversary would hold no quarter with him. He could be killed, or changed. You said you love him, could you live with yourself?"
That wasn't fair and Benjamin knew it, but he had a point. I could never let anything happen to Jason. Benjamin and Elizabeth wasted no time with only short goodbyes and a hug, and then Tink and I were alone.
"Well, hope three's not a crowd," Tink said. "Lets go see if he's made any progress with the car."
We followed our normal pattern, hugging the tree line, avoiding the open areas, until we were outside the small barn—more of an oversized shed really. I knocked before we entered.
A short grinding noise was followed by a popping, sputtering sound that stopped almost before it started. Jason swung out of the driver's seat.
"Oh, there you are. I see we have a chaperone. Your mom and dad not to keen on us being alone I take it."
"Something like that."
"They're joining us, right?" He picked up on my hesitation. "No?"
"They think it's best if they lead them away, then once it's safe, they want us to go home."
"Home? Have you all forgotten the photo, the bikers?"
"No. What do you mean the bikers?"
"Don't you remember, the date, the blindfold?"
"Blindfold?" Tink smirked.
"Wait," I said, "I do. We passed a whole lot of motorcycles. I thought it was weird because it was so cold. It doesn't matter though Benjamin and Elizabeth are already gone. Do you think the fact that the bikers were in Boonsboro changes anything, Tink?"
"Nah." Tink plucked a piece of straw out of a hay bale by the door and stuck it in his mouth. He turned to Jason. "Won't start?"
"So Tink, you don't mind if I call you Tink do you?"
"Nah."
"It'll start if I pour gas down the carburetor, but it won't stay running."
"Sounds like water in the gas or a plugged fuel line."
"That's what I was thinking. I had water in the gas in the Jeep once."
"Does that mean you can't fix it?" I asked.
"Did you check the fuel line yet?" Tink asked Jason.
Jason pointed to his sling. "Couldn't really climb under the car, sorry."
"How about if I lift it?" Tink offered.
"Sure, piece of cake then. There are some tools over here on the bench. Gas tank's in the front of this one.
Tink went around to the front of the strange looking little car and lifted the nose. Jason was on a roll around chair in the back with a wrench and a bucket. Soon I could smell gas—old gas, almost like kerosene.
"Looks like the fuel line is clear," Jason said.
Tink set the car down. "Looks like I'm going for gas." Tink grabbed a metal gas can from a shelf in the garage.
"And leave us—alone—without a chaperone?" Jason mocked.
Tink grinned. "I think she can handle you."
"That is so true," I cooed.
"Maybe I should send you." Tink pointed a finger at me. "I'll make this quick—too quick, got it."
I pulled Jason up from the seat and wrapped my arm around him. "Run along now."
Tink grunted with displeasure, but started for the door.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on a minute," Jason said. "Didn't we agree that Tink might be a target? I'm thinking maybe I should go."
Tink scratched his head. "Nah, closest gas is three or four miles away and besides, you were seen at the biker bar. I'll keep out of sight and everything should be fine."
"Well," I chimed in, "in that case—" I pulled Jason closer.
"Ouch!" Jason grimaced.
"Sorry," I said.
"Yeah, nothing to worry about." Tink winked and then left.
"You really shouldn't tease him like that," Jason said, "the guy's got to be wound pretty tight."
"Wound pretty tight?"
"You know, no girls—the two of you weren't—you didn't—"
"God no—he's like a brother."
He tried to hide it, but I could see Jason's smile. "Oh, well I just figured—you know."
"Well you're wrong—besides—I haven't."
"Same here—if you mean what I think you mean."
"Hello, Tink said quick." I let Jason push me back against the car and kiss me. He was sweaty from working on the car, and his musky, masculinity was intoxicating, especially after the hunt. I was on fire, the good kind of fire and the burn in my throat was totally under control.
Jason slid his sling to the side, exposing his unbuttoned shirt. My blouse was still wet from the river and I swear it sizzled when Jason pressed his body against mine. I pulled his face down against the nape of my neck. His hot, wet lips kissed me over and over until they reached my earlobe.
Some kind of sound, half animal, half human escaped from my lips echoed by Jason. I was losing control—not of my thirst, but of my lust and I was pretty sure Jason had already lost control. Either way, I couldn't stop—I didn't want to—but I had to. I lifted Jason up off the floor, spun around and slammed him against the side of the car. He winced, but wrapped his legs around my waist, leaning forward, pressing his abdomen against my face. It sizzled against my skin, like bacon in a frying pan.
"Jason!" I moaned.
"Izzy!" he moaned.
"Tink."
"Tink?" I released Jason and stepped back.
Jason slid down off the roof of the car. His face was red enough for the three of us. "So like is it hot in here or is it just me?"
Tink was a gentleman and pretended like nothing happened. "We'll need to drain the tank before we put in the new gas."
"On it," Jason said, sliding his sling back around in front of him. "Probably need to lift the front again."
Tink went around to the front and lifted the car while Jason put the bucket under the open fuel line in the back.
"This may take awhile," Jason speculated.
We stood there, silently, for an awkward eternity.
"Oh, hey, I know," Jason broke the silence, "Izzy, go around to the front and blow on the filler tube. That should speed it up."
I went to the front next to Tink. "Where's the fuel filler thing?" I asked. I looked up and Tink looked like he was about to burst out laughing. I mean really—he was like a brother.
"That ought to do it," Jason said, as I heard air escape from the rear fuel line.
Tink set the car down and went to fetch the gas can as Jason reconnected the fuel line to the engine.
"Got it," Jason said. "Go ahead and fill her up." Jason gave me a peck on the cheek when we met at the driver's door. "Ready?"
"Let her rip," Tink said.
Jason slid onto the driver's seat. The engine cranked over, sputtered a few times and then caught. It had a raspy sound, much different than my Malibu—like a jackal instead of a lion. The exhaust pipes pointed upward out of the rear wheel wells, spewing oily, blue smoke into the air. Jason gunned it a few times and then shut it off.
"Good to go." He climbed out of the car. "High five." He winced when he slapped his good hand with Tink. "Gotta remember that."
Tink just laughed.
I stepped back and took in the car. The car looked like it had been stepped on. The windows were small, the roofline wasn't much higher than Jason's chest and the patina—what was left of it—satin black primer over rust. Probably the strangest thing was the skinny, red, wire wheels wrapped in wide, whitewall tires. "What is this thing?"
"An old VW," Jason said. "They make dune buggies out of them in California."
"A Volksrod," Tink corrected.
"Why'd it sound so funny?" I asked.
"Air cooled, no insulation from a water jacket."
"A water jacket? Oh, never mind. You sure we can all fit in there?"
"Yeah," Jason said, leaning over to look in the window. "No back seat, but I don't figure Tink will mind."
"Who said I'm riding in the back?" Tink challenged.
Jason laughed. "Cramped quarters are going to make for a long trip."
"The back seat is over there," Tink said, pointing to a pile of old fenders and parts obviously taken off of the car.
"Good deal."
The boys went back to work on the car as if I wasn't even in the room. What was it about boys and cars anyway?

Chapter 10
Tink and I made a scouting run around the outskirts of town before sunrise. Everything looked quiet and the parking lot at Kelly's was empty. Tink confirmed that he hadn't seen any signs of the bikers either. It looked like we were good to go. It was good and bad at the same time. While it meant we were safe, it also meant they had gone after Elizabeth and Benjamin. I' pretty sure Tink realized the gravity of that, I know I did. At least to some degree, we were correct, some or all of were being hunted.
Jason insisted on taking the first shift behind the wheel. I think he just wanted to drive the strange little car. It turned out the windows had some kind of dark film adhered to them which was good, it kept the sun off of Tink and I. The car definitely lacked creature comforts—it was noisy, smelled and you felt like the roof was crushing down on you the whole time. It was however much more powerful than I expected. Nowhere near the power of my Malibu, but not to shabby. All in all it was a fun car and Jason really seemed to enjoy the looks we got on the highway. He made it all the way to our first gas stop in South Carolina and thoroughly enjoyed answering questions about the car at the gas station.
There really wasn't any sense in me and Tink taking turns so Tink drove and I rode shotgun so Jason could crash in the back seat. He must have really been exhausted to sleep though the noise, but he managed despite his wound.
We were in North Carolina on Route 77, racing down the side of the mountain when we passed him in the median.
"Crap," I said, twisting around in the seat so I could look out the tiny slit of a back window. "Great, he's pulling out."
Tink looked at me apologetically.
"I don't suppose this thing can out run the cops?"
"Not a chance—it's no Malibu."
I glanced down at Jason asleep in the back seat. "What do we do?" We were starting up a steep incline and the engine began to groan as the car slowed.
"I don't think we'll have time to grab him, so we'll have to ditch him."
"Ahh!" I huffed. "He's going to love me for this one. Okay, lets do it, that looks like as good a place as any."
Tink swerved onto the shoulder and slammed on the brakes. As the car came to a stop, he and I jumped out and sprinted into the underbrush. Moments later the police car—lights flashing—pulled up behind the car.
"Did you see that?" One of the policemen said.
"Nah, no way, nothing moves that fast—must have been a heat mirage."
Both doors opened and the two police officers approached the car from either side. The cop on the driver's side leaned down to look in the window and then raised back up to address his partner. "There's nobody inside."
"What?" The other cop said bending over to look in the window.
I glanced at Tink, maybe we were going to get lucky.
"Hey!" The cop yelled, tapping the butt of his gun against the roof.
"What's going on?" That was Jason's voice.
"Out of the car, son."
Jason clamored out of the car, looking very confused. "Who are you guys?"
The cop tapped his badge. "The police."
"Right, what do you want?"
"You were speeding."
"I was sleeping."
"Come around to the back of the car. I'm going to need your license and registration."
Jason grabbed the registration out from under the clip on the visor and followed the cop around to the back of the car. One of the cops took the registration and Jason's license back to the police car.
"So you expect me to believe you were asleep in the back of the car?"
"I was."
"Okay, kid, spread 'em up against the car." He patted Jason down.
"Hey," Jason complained. "Take it easy on the arm."
"How'd you get hurt?"
"Dislocated my shoulder," Jason lied.
The other cop got something out of their trunk and joined his partner. "Anything?"
"Nah, he's clean."
"Same with his record, nothing."
The cop from the car, set a box on the hood and pulled out what looked like an inhaler.
"Okay, kid, blow."
Jason took the inhaler, blew in it and handed it back to the cop. "I haven't been drinking."
"We'll see." He looked to his partner.
"He's good."
The cop made a slow trip around the car looking it over carefully winding up back with Jason and his partner.
"They're not going to arrest him are they?" I said to Tink.
"So here's the deal kid. The car was speeding so somebody had to be driving. I don't know how you got in the back seat, but there isn't anybody else here. So—"
Just then, a yellow Camaro and a silver Mustang flew past. There was no question they were racing. The cops exchanged a quick glance.
"Your lucky day, kid." The cop said as his partner grabbed the box off the hood. They started back to their car. "Take it easy in that thing, it looks like a death trap."
"Right, no problem," Jason waved as they sped away, siren blaring.
I slapped Tink in the shoulder. "You be more careful."
"Sorry, I was just having some fun—we weren't in any danger."
"I know, we just don't need anymore drama."
Tink looked around. "This is probably close enough."
"Close enough to what?"
"Melanie and Nathan's. Their place is just over that ridge."
"Already?"
"Yep. You two will be fine, there was never any concern that they were after you."
"But what about—"
"You'll be fine, trust me. Once I hook up with Melanie and Nathan we'll find Benjamin and Elizabeth. Together, we'll handle this."
"Together without me," I protested. "I'm supposed to be a part of the family."
"You are, but this isn't your fight—besides, protecting each other is what families do."
I wrapped my arms around him. "Promise you'll keep me informed."
"Sure, I don't think this guy is very technical—shouldn't be a problem." Tink stepped away. "You two behave yourselves."
"We will."
"Alright, then."
"Bye."
Tink raced off into the woods. I was still looking after him when I heard footsteps behind me.
"Thanks a lot," Jason said.
I turned to face him.
"Hey, what's wrong?"
"Tink's gone."
"Melanie's?"
I just nodded.
"Well, I guess it's just you and me babe. He wouldn't have left us if we weren't safe."
"That's what he said."
"You're not afraid are you?" He put his good arm around me.
"Yes, I'm afraid. I know it sounds stupid to you, but I'm afraid, okay."
He winced as he lifted my chin with his other hand. "No, it's never stupid to be afraid especially with so much at stake. This may sound stupid, but I will do everything in my power to protect you. I won't let anyone get through me, promise."
I kissed him. "I love you."
"I know. We should go, don't want to give those cops a second chance."
"Okay."
Jason took my hand and we walked back to the car. He got in behind the wheel. When we crossed the next ridge, just a few miles from Virginia, we passed the cops with the Camaro on the side of the road. Guess the Mustang must have won. We stopped for gas near Blacksburg, but Jason still wanted to drive. I have to admit, it really did look like he was enjoying driving the car. It was late—hours later—when we finally merged onto Interstate 70, the final leg of our journey home.
"You tired?" I said.
"No, I'm good. Hey, what day is it?"
"I don't know, I don't really keep track. Well, I did with school, but otherwise, not so much."
"You're going to have to start again—you know when we go back to school."
"I don't know—"
"Don't even think about it," Jason said. "You and me—all in, remember? We're going back to school and put all this craziness behind us."
I smiled. What he described was wonderful—normal, I'm just not sure if it was realistic. "The twenty fourth I think."
"What?"
"December twenty fourth—the day."
"Christmas Eve," Jason said with a fondness in his voice.
"Yeah, I guess it is."
"Hey, I got an idea."
I waited, but he didn't elaborate. "Hello?"
"Patience, girl. By the way, I meant what I said, you and me. I'm sure Mom will understand."
"Understand what?"
"You're staying with us."
"I am not."
"Yes you are. I love you—you love me and no way am I going to leave you alone—it ain't happening."
"Jason, that's sweet, but—"
"Stop right there, no buts."
"You missed the turn," I pointed out.
"I know."
"Where are we going?"
"You'll see."
We wound around the side of the mountain on Old Route 40. He really was having too much fun driving. He glanced down at his watch as we started to slow. "Hope it's not over."
"What's not over?"
We turned into the parking lot of an old stone church.
"You're not serious?" I gasped.
"Sure, why not, it's Christmas Eve. Time to start earning some brownie points."
"But look at us," I complained. The idea of going into a church was— well frightening, the way we were dressed was just an excuse.
"Mom won't care."
"Your mother's here?"
Jason coasted to a stop and crawled out. He opened my door and offered me his hand. "Sure. Come on, she's going to be thrilled to see us."
From where we were, we could here the congregation singing. I let Jason help me out of the car. He wrapped his arm around mine, brushed back my hair and led me toward the stairs. I know he could feel my rising apprehension with each step we climbed, but he patted my hand and forged on.
"Here we go," he said, pushing the huge wooden door open with his back.
I froze when the blast of warmth laced with the smell of burning candles washed over us. "I don't belong here, Jason."
"Don't be ridiculous, you're proof that there is eternal life." He pulled me through the doorway into the foyer. In front of us, there was another set of doors that led into the sanctuary. "Just smile and be your gorgeous self."
I didn't have control of my feet and just stumbled forward as Jason led us to the doors.
"You mind?" Jason said, motioning toward his sling. "I can't open the door."
I shook my head.
"Come on, it's almost over."
I took a hold of the ornate handle and pulled.
"Please rise," The minister said as we stepped into the room. The people in the last few rows turned to look at us. I thought Jason would be totally embarrassed, but he was beaming. I veered us off into the back row.
"Let us bow our heads in prayer. Thank you Lord for this time of year when we pause to remember your greatest gift, the baby Jesus, our Lord and Savior. Thank you for…"
"What are you doing?" I whispered to Jason as he pulled me back out into the aisle.
"Shhh."
We were no longer just arm in arm I was clinging to him. The minister looked up and smiled as we reached the halfway point down the aisle.
"… for it is his sacrifice that brings us eternal life. Thank you for the celebration of Christmas—for love—for family. In your name we pray, amen. Let us praise his name by singing hymn number one hundred and forty two."
The organ played a few bars.
The minister raised his arms out to the side over his flock. "If there are those among you who wish to join us in God's love, we invite you to come forward while we sing."
The congregation began singing.
"No, Jason, this is wrong."
He tightened his arm around me. "We'll be fine."
"I don't belong here. If they knew what I was they'd—"
We stopped. "If they knew you like I do they'd love you too." Jason kissed my cheek and continued. 
The minister motioned us up the three steps to where he was standing. When the congregation saw us come forward, they sang louder as if celebrating.
"Welcome," he said, resting his hands on our shoulders. "Jason—Jason Whitaker isn't it?"
"Yes."
"And who's your young friend, Jason?"
"Izzy," I whispered.
"Izzy Faulkner," Jason clarified.
"What a blessing, I'm so glad you've both come forward to share God's love, and on such an auspicious night. When the congregation finishes the hymn, I'll introduce you, say a few words and then we'll pray. Would either of you like to say anything?"
I shook my head.
"I would," Jason said.
Before I could ask, the song concluded and the minister turned us to face the congregation. As if drawn by a magnet, my eyes found Jason's mom. At first she smiled—seeing Jason I presumed—but the smile vanished quickly, no doubt the sling.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we are honored to have Miss Izzy Faulkner, and Mr. Jason Whitaker come forward to pronounce their faith in Jesus Christ. I'm sure most of you have met Jason's mother—she works tirelessly to help with the refreshments after Sunday services. Like Jason, Izzy is new to our area. I believe Jason would like to say a few words."
"Hey," Jason said, easing forward slightly.
The congregation laughed, allowing Jason a moment to gather himself.
"So, I just wanted to say, that me and Izzy here have only known each other for a few months, but I've learned more about the wonders of this world in those few months than I have my whole life. No one has taught me more about love—about life—and about eternity than Izzy." He looked at his mom. "Well except for maybe you, Mom. God bless you." Jason eased back next to my side.
"Let us pray."
"Jason," I said, not looking up—I hadn't looked up since seeing his mother's reaction. "Why did you do this?"
"It will make later easier."
"Later?"
He squeezed my hand.
"…in Jesus' name we pray, amen."
The organ blasted a triumphant cord.
"Follow me," the minister said, starting down the stairs.
I still hadn't looked up when we reached the back of the sanctuary.
"We'll stand here and allow people to greet you as they leave," The minister said, motioning us toward the right side of the foyer. "No need to be nervous, just smile and shake hands. Don't be alarmed if not to many people stop, it is Christmas Eve."
"Shake hands?" I tugged on Jason's arm.
Jason reached behind us and snatched a pair of white gloves off the desk. "Put these on, nobody will ever know."
I quickly slipped on the gloves as people started filing out of the sanctuary.
Everyone was cordial and no one seemed to notice my hands were cold. The minister had to fend off a few of the men, that probably had had a little too much eggnog before the service, but other than that we escaped unscathed. As the crowd quickly thinned—as the minister had suggested it might—I realized we hadn't seen Jason's mom. That couldn't be good.
"Well, I'll see you kids on Sunday." The minister shook our hands and then ran off to meet his wife and kids.
"Did you see your mom?" I asked.
Jason looked back into the sanctuary. "No—awe don't worry about it, we'll see her at home."
"We?"
"Yeah, remember you're staying with us?"
"No I'm not."
"Fine, then you explain to my mom why we're going to shack up in your parents house—alone."
"Is that why you did this—to soften her up?"
Jason shrugged. "Everything I said was true—besides, I'm not going to heaven or hell, I'm staying here with you."
"Ahh," I huffed in frustration. "You're impossible."
"Come on, they'll want to lock up."

Chapter 11
Jason's mom must have slipped out the back, because her car was already in the driveway when we got to his house.
"I meant what I said before," I reminded Jason.
"Before what?"
"Before all this. I won't disobey your mother. If she doesn't want me here then I'm not staying—and you're not coming with me either," I added.
"She'll come around, you'll see."
"Just sayin'." As we walked to the door I noticed the house wasn't decorated. Jason's mom seemed like the kind who went all out for the holidays so it struck me as odd.
"Door's locked," Jason said, jiggling the knob. "That's weird."
"Great, she locked us out. See what you did?"
"Very funny." Jason walked over to his mother's car and felt the hood. "Hood's cold, must have ridden to church with someone else—neighbor I guess. Hey, I know—want to surprise her?"
"Don't you think we've surprised her enough for one night?"
"Come on."
I followed Jason back to the shed. He fumbled around in the darkness looking for something. "What are you looking for?" I asked.
"The Christmas lights. I saw them when I put the screens away for the winter."
Since I could see in the dark, I found them.
"Come on, help me decorate the house."
Jason fanned out the strings of lights and I attached them to the gutters. We were just finishing up when a car turned into the driveway. It didn't stop, but kept coming and parked behind Mrs. Whitaker's car. The engine shut off, but no one got out. Finally the driver's door opened.
"Aunt Madd, is that you?" Jason said. He raced over to the door and then gave her a huge hug. "You look great."
"Jason? Sakes alive, your mother's been worried sick."
"I want you to meet someone Aunt Madd." Jason motioned for me. "This is Izzy."
"Well aren't you the cutest—oh, you're the one he ran off with."
"Aunt Madd," Jason groaned. "That's not very nice."
"But true," I added.
"Yes it is," Jason's mom said as she closed the car door on the other side.
Jason raced around the car and gave her a hug.
She gently touched his sling. "You have some explaining to do—both of you." She looked toward me and then back to Jason. "Do you have any idea what it was like for me to see you walk up there injured like that and not know anything about it?"
"I know, but I was anxious to see you and I knew you would be there," Jason said. "Wait right here, we've got a surprise." Jason grabbed the keys out of his mother's hand.
While Jason unlocked the backdoor, his mother joined Aunt Madd who was next to me. Jason flipped on the lights.
"My word," Aunt Madd exclaimed, "Aren't they beautiful."
It looked like Jason's mom smiled momentarily. "They're beautiful, how'd you—"
"Izzy helped," Jason said, joining us. "You like?"
"Why don't we go inside, your aunt has trouble with the cold."
"Jason, I should go," I said, hanging back.
"Not a chance. We can work this out."
As soon as we got inside I made a beeline for the bathroom—or at least I tried. "Excuse me, I need to use the ladies room—oh, unless you need it Aunt Madd."
"Thank you, dear." It took Aunt Madd forever to get her coat off and get to the bathroom. 
I stood there silently waiting for her to finish. To say the kitchen was tense was an understatement. Jason nor his mom had said a word since we entered the house. Finally Aunt Madd came out of the bathroom and I quickly ducked inside. This was insane—Jason's mom was clearly upset with him—with me. No way was she going to let me stay here. It wasn't necessary—I'd be fine alone, although I didn't relish the idea. There was a tapping at the door.
"We'll be in the family room when you're finished," Jason said.
Beyond him, I could here Aunt Madd. "My goodness Nancy, you've scared the poor girl to death—I believe she's hiding in the bathroom for crying out loud."
"You have no idea what she's put this family—"
"It's Christmas," Aunt Madd whined. "Why I remember when I met Joe, his mother scared the bejesus out of me."
I waited a few minutes, then flushed the toilet and ran hot water over my hands. The kitchen was empty when I stepped out of the bathroom. I hesitantly walked toward the family room. Jason jumped up when he saw me.
"There she is," Aunt Madd said, walking over to greet me. "I'm Jason's Aunt Madd." She took my hand. "Sakes alive, you're freezing—come, have a seat next to the fire." She led me over to the hearth and sat me down in the over stuffed chair to the left. She turned her back to the fire and put her hands behind her bottom. "This is how a southern girl warms herself by the fire."
"Izzy's family is from Georgia," Jason said.
"Well then, I'm sure you know how it's done."
"Is that where you were?" Jason's mom said.
"Yes." Jason didn't elaborate.
"Are you going to tell me about that." She pointed to Jason's sling.
"I got shot."
"What!" Jason's mom and I said simultaneously, but for obviously different reasons.
"Hey, it's fine, Izzy got the bullet out."
Jason's mom got up. "I'm taking you to the hospital this instant."
"Come on, Mom, it's fine—besides, do you really want to spend Christmas Eve in the Emergency Room?"
She flopped back down on the chair.
Jason made a motion toward me. "We told you, no lies. Izzy's parents are in a real jam, there's some real bad dudes after them."
"Then they're who shot you?"
The teakettle started whistling.
"That'll be for the hot coco," Aunt Madd said, starting toward the kitchen. "I'll get it—it's instant, but warm just the same."
"Sounds good," Jason said, before turning back to his mother. "So, there's this biker gang that found them again—something that happened in the past, and—"
"The Faulkner's are in witness protection?" His mom said with alarm.
"You could say that. Anyway, when we caught up to them at the family plantation, well this gang attacked. We were able to hide in the cellar, but I got nicked in the mêlée."
"That's horrible. Was anyone else hurt?"
"Nah, just me. We were out in the middle of nowhere so there weren't any cops around so we basically had to hide out. Once the authorities—"
"Here we are," Aunt Madd said, carrying a tray of hot chocolate.
"Authorities?" I whispered while Jason's mom was distracted. "I thought we weren't going to lie."
"Benjamin." Jason shrugged.
"Oh, thank you." I took a steaming cup from the tray.
"Thanks, Aunt Madd," Jason said, taking the next to last one.
"You're welcome, dear."
"So, like I was saying, the authorities figured out it was the same gang from before and that they were after Benjamin and Elizabeth. Since Izzy is adopted, these dudes don't know anything about her. They put Benjamin and Elizabeth back into hiding and I told them that Izzy could stay with us until this was all over."
Jason's mom choked on her hot chocolate.
"It's perfectly safe, they said they'd keep an eye on us from a distance. We'll never even know they're there."
"An interesting story," Jason's mom said emphasizing the word story. "I suppose you have the same story?" she said to me.
"No. I told Jason I shouldn't stay here. I'll be fine alone—I've been on my own before."
Jason fumed silently.
"Is that true?" she asked Jason.
"Yeah," he huffed. "But no way am I going to leave her alone."
"That's what I hoped you would say."
"Then she can stay?" Jason's reaction was way too enthusiastic.
"It seems like the least we can do—but with strict rules."
"Yeah, fine, I know," Jason said.
"I'm sure Izzy's parents are depending on us to return their daughter in the same condition." Could she have been any more obvious? "Aunt Madd is in the guest room downstairs, so for now, Izzy can stay in the room upstairs next to mine, but once Aunt Madd goes home Izzy can have the guest room." She turned to me. "You'll have a little more privacy. You're parents are putting a lot of faith in strangers so I expect you to obey the rules just like Jason. So we're clear, you will stay out of each other's room's, period. No exceptions. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes Ma'am," I replied.
"Yeah, yeah, sure, I get it," Jason groaned.
"I'm serious young man—keep your adolescent urges under control."
Jason's face turned beat red. We finished our hot chocolate in relative silence while we all adjusted to what just happened.
"Why don't you kids bring your things inside?" Jason's mom suggested.
"I don't have—"
"Come on," Jason said, cutting me off.
I looked at him skeptically, but followed him to the kitchen. I stopped and turned back toward his mother. "Thank you, Mrs. Whitaker. I can't thank you enough."
"You're welcome. I look forward to getting to know you better."
"Come on," Jason said, tugging at my blouse.
"What are we doing out here?" I said when we got to the car.
"I don't know," Jason pulled me into his arms.
I gently pushed back. "No, Jason. Weren't you listening to your mother?"
He looked around. "Nope, no room involved."
I let him pull me back into his arms and kiss me. "You know your mom's not happy about this arrangement."
"Don't worry about it, she'll come around."
"Not if you don't behave yourself."
"Me?" Jason patted the roof of the car. "I seem to remember—"
"Cute. Honestly though, I don't want to disrespect your mother."
He patted the roof again. "If Tink hadn't come in—"
"Jason, thank goodness he did. I can't be that way with you, it doesn't matter what we want, or feel, its too dangerous."
Jason bobbed his brow. "That sounds interesting."
I slapped his chest playfully. "You're incorrigible. Come on, your mother will wonder what happened to us."
"Listen, I know you don't sleep, but make sure you use the bed, Mom notices things."
Jason's mom was on her way toward the kitchen when we walked through the doorway. "Where are your things?"
"I forgot, Mom, things happened so fast—well—we don't have any."
"Oh. Well, that's not so much of a problem for you, but I'm not sure what we can do for Izzy." She looked me up and down. "You're much to petite for any of my things."
"She can wear one of my jersey's to bed," Jason said. "I'll be right back." He ran upstairs.
"Why don't we go back in the family room?"
"Sure." I followed her back into the room and retreated to my chair.
Aunt Madd was still standing at the fire. "It's so nice to see Jason with a girlfriend. Are you two serious?"
"Madeline! They've only known each other for a short time."
"Humph, I knew the minute I saw Joe. Care for another cup of coco?"
"No thank you."
Jason came crashing down the stairs. "Here you go," he said, tossing one of his football jerseys across the room. "How's that?"
I stood and held it up. It didn't make it to my knees, but was long enough to cover the essentials.
"I know tomorrow is Christmas," Jason's mother said, "but I'm sure we can find something open to get you a few things."
"Elizabeth gave me some money."
"Well, don't fret over it, we can call it a Christmas present. I'm sure you'd like to wash up, there's a bathroom at the top of the stairs—a little more private than the one down here. Towels are in the linen closet at the end of the hall."
"I'll show you," Jason offered.
"I'm sure she can find everything just fine," Jason's mom said with an edge of mistrust.
"Sure, I'll be fine."
Jason pouted, but didn't argue.
"If you bring your things down, I can wash them for tomorrow."
"Thanks."
Jason stepped toward me as I started for the stairs, but I stepped around him and went upstairs. A shower was a good idea, I still smelled like old gasoline. The shower was refreshing and despite the iron taste of the water—I assume they were on well water—the lavender scented body wash smelled wonderful. The water made my hair go all crazy, but Jason seemed to like that so I tried not to let it bother me. The warm water was soothing so I just stood there and let it run over me. I imagined that this was as close to heaven as I'd ever get. I heard Jason and his mom in the kitchen.
"Shot! What am I going to do with you?" his mother scolded. "We're going to have to have that looked at by a doctor."
"No way, Mom, there will be too many questions. Besides, Izzy cleaned out the wound with brandy after she got the bullet out."
"Izzy took the bullet out? She doesn't seem—"
"She was great, Mom."
"Jason, I'm not sure we know enough—"
"Don't go there. She's a part of me, like I'm a part of her. Nothing is going to change that. I wonder what's taking her so long? I think I'll go check on her."
"You'll do no such thing, young man. Allow her some privacy, it sounds like she's been through a lot."
"That she has and I know we can make her feel at home."
"Yes, I'm sure we can."
The faucet squeaked as I turned off the water.
"Ah, she's done."
"You stay put, young man."
I dried off quickly and turned my attention to my hair. It had been a longtime since I'd done anything with it, but I decided to give the blow dryer a try. It was understandable that Jason's mom didn't like me—I mean in the past month her son had ditched school—chased me clean across the country and then, as soon as we got back, took off again—and got shot. And of course now, she finds out that my adopted parents are in witness protection—if it were really that simple. I could definitely sympathize.
Well, the blow dryer was a disaster. My hair looked more like a tumbleweed than anything. I remembered what my mom used to do when it got this way and pulled it back into a ponytail. Even though Jason's jersey had a hint of fabric softener, it was still so Jason's. I pulled it over my head almost panicking when my ponytail got momentarily stuck. There was still a chance it might be too much. I would have to keep my breathing very shallow. I wrapped my underwear in my blouse, grabbed my jeans and headed downstairs.
Jason stood as I came down the stairs. He was grinning from ear-to-ear, and although I was pleased, his mother's reaction spoiled the excitement. I wouldn't say she was displeased; it appeared she thought I was pretty—maybe that was the problem. I definitely had the feeling she would be happier if Jason and I weren't together. I set my clothes on the bottom step.
"Wow!" Jason said. "You clean up nice."
"Jason! That's no way to speak to her."
To her, ouch. If I was going to win her over I had some work to do. I side stepped Jason and returned to my chair by the fireplace. I settled in and folded my legs under me.
"Ah hum," Jason's mother cleared her throat.
I quickly pulled the jersey down over my knees.
"You have the most beautiful alabaster skin, my dear," Aunt Madd said.
I flinched back when she reached toward me.
Jason jumped up, "Jeez Aunt Madd, she's not some porcelain doll, she's a person."
"Jason!" his mother warned. "Watch your tone."
"Sorry, Aunt Madd."
"You know," I said getting up from the chair. "It's been a long day."
Jason's mom got up too. "I'll show you to your room."
"I can find it."
"Nonsense. Right this way." She stopped at the foot of the stairs. "Are these your clothes?"
"Yes, Ma'am."
"They'll be outside your room in the morning."
"I couldn't ask you to—"
Her icy stair cut me off.
"Thank you." 
When we got to the room, she turned back the covers and pulled the drapes closed.
"Would you like a glass of water?"
"No, this is perfect."
She lingered at the door, looking like she wanted to say something. I was pretty sure it wouldn't be good, but it was probably better if she got it off her chest—I could guess what it was.
"Mrs. Whitaker, there's something you should probably know."
"What's that?"
"I love your son, and I'm pretty sure he loves me, but I'm a virgin and I plan on staying that way." That ought to ease her mind.
"I should hope so. Girls these days—well I just don't understand how they can think so little of themselves."
"I just wanted you to know. I really appreciate you taking me in and I won't take advantage of your generosity."
"I'll put your clothes by the door. Goodnight."
"Goodnight." I said turning away from her, toward the room.

Chapter 12
I was standing by the window thinking about all that had happened. Nothing seemed to go right for me—I'd chosen a family only to have them taken away—I'd fallen in love only to feel his mother's scorn. No, things weren't going very well at all. Jason's jersey was getting to be a little too much, so I opened the window. The winter air was crisp, refreshing, but it didn't help as much as I had hoped. Staying with the Whitaker's was going to be more of a problem than I expected. Before, I had had ample time to slowly adjust—even that was incredibly difficult, but now I was immersed in everything Jason, not to mention his mother. 
The driveway was just around the corner from my room. The backdoor opened and then Jason's Jeep started. What was he doing going out on Christmas Eve, I pondered? I had no memory of Christmas or any holiday for that matter. A shiver ran though me as I remembered the whole church thing from earlier. I know that Jason thought my existence opened up the idea that maybe God was real, but he was totally unwilling to accept that if God represented good, then I had to be evil. I didn't feel evil, especially when I was with Jason, but there was no denying there were those of my kind that were very evil. I thought about Debbi and wondered if my little experiment had cost her her life. Then there was Benjamin and Elizabeth, I'd surely brought trouble to them, and no matter what they said, I still wasn't convinced I wasn't at least somewhat responsible for what happened. I could only hope that they were right, and that we were all safe.
Jason's jersey was still too much, so I tossed it on the bed and then draped a blanket around my shoulders. The moon was visible now and it's soft blue light washed over me.
In the distance, the exhaust leak of Jason's Jeep, he was on his way home.
"Miss Faulkner!"
I yanked the blanket closed and turned, surprised I was taken off guard. "Yes, Mrs. Whitaker."
"I'm not sure how you sleep at home, but please keep your clothes on. My son is only human."
"I—I had some kind of reaction to the material—maybe an allergy or something. I didn't mean any harm, but I didn't have my clothes."
She walked into the room and set my clothes, neatly folded, on the end of the bed. "Well, we all need a little time to adjust. Make sure you close the window tight before you go to bed, these old wooden ones can be quite stubborn." She stopped at the door. Merry Christmas, Izzy."
"Merry Christmas, and Mrs. Whitaker—"
"Yes."
"I know how this must have looked, but I meant what I said earlier. I'm sorry. I'll be more careful, I promise."
"Well, I'm sure it was just a lapse in judgment." She closed my door and the light from her room momentarily shown under the door. Jason came in and fumbled around downstairs obviously trying to be quiet. Finally after another hour or so the house was quiet.
* * *
I was still standing by the window when the sun touched the mountains on the horizon. A thin layer of morning fog from the creek wisped through the trees in the yard coating everything it touched with a thin layer of ice. Slowly the sunshine marched down the mountains toward the valley painting the pale shades of lavender with color.
Not sure when the Whitaker's would rise, I finished getting dressed. The brightening sky marked the slow march of time. It wasn't long before the radio in Jason's room came on, Mrs. Whitaker stirred. I'd remembered what Jason had said and mussed the bed, but I had spent the night next to the open window to control the irresistible scent that seemed to ooze from every nook and cranny of the house. There was a light tap at the door.
"Izzy, are you awake, dear?"
"Yes," I replied.
Before I realized what was happening, the door opened. "Oh my word, it's freezing in here." She stared at me, standing next to the open window. "You'll catch your death—" She stopped short, marched across the room and closed the window. I flinched away as she reached for me to steer me out of the room. "Why would you—I don't understand—I—" She dropped off and walked silently to the door, but stopped and looked back. "We'll be downstairs, you're welcome to join us, if you'd like." She started to close the door and added. "Please keep the window closed, fuel oil is very expensive this season."
This was beginning to feel absolutely impossible. There was the obvious, Jason's scent and my longing for his blood—then there was the just plain longing for him—obviously his mother wasn't thrilled with me or the whole situation—how was I going to feed—she was lurking around every corner. What if the sun had been shining on me when she opened the door? What then? There was no question I would have to be on my guard. With that in mind, I ventured downstairs.
"Hey!" Jason said, jumping up from the sofa. "There's my girl." He ran over to me and gave me a hug." How'd you sleep? Oh, you're cold." He turned toward his mom to continue. "You slept with the window open again didn't you? I tell you, I've never known anyone who likes the cold as much as you."
Mrs. Whitaker stared unbelievingly over her coffee cup. Obviously she'd said something to Jason, but I decided to play along.
"Nothing like the crisp winter air and the blankets pulled up," I said.
"Hey, you know what? We should go camping before school starts up again."
"Jason," Mrs. Whitaker warned.
"Ah, just a thought, no biggie." He reached down and grabbed a present from under the tree. "Here, Santa left this one for you."
Obviously Jason's little trip last night was to the store. "I didn't—"
"Hey, you let me bring you home, what else could I possibly want?"
I ripped open the silver, foil paper and held up a pair of Warrior blue sweatpants. "Thank you, they're perfect." I turned to Mrs. Whitaker. "Thank you."
Jason flipped another package at me and I snagged it out of the air before it hit me in the face. "It's the matching top," he said. "Go ahead, open it."
Jason tore into the rest of the presents like a little boy which seemed to bring his mother great joy. I suppose she was remembering past Christmas'.
Aunt Madd came out of her room an hour later and gave Jason a gift certificate to the local muffler shop so he could get his Jeep fixed. She and Mrs. Whitaker exchanged presents, which was a good thing since Jason had only bought his mother two. After the last present was opened, Jason had me hold the trash bag while he made basketball shots with balls of wrapping paper until everything was cleaned up.
"Oh!" Jason said. "I almost forgot, I have one more." He raced upstairs to his bedroom and returned with a large flat present. "This is for you, Mom. I asked a lot of you this year, and well—I just wanted to say thank you."
She was beaming, so pleased he had gone to extra effort for her. I nearly gasped when I saw what it was.
"Here, let me hold it up," Jason said as his mother pulled away the last piece of wrapping paper.
I eased away, not wanting to be too close to the photograph.
"I had it blown up," Jason said. "This is from when we were in Port Angeles, you remember?"
"Yes," she said. "That's Jessica and Isabella Newton with us." She turned to Aunt Madd. "Did you ever meet the Newton's?"
I glanced up when Aunt Madd didn't reply. She was staring at me, and then back at the photograph. Mrs. Whitaker noticed.
"She bears a striking resemblance to Isabella doesn't she—I think it's just the hair though. Isabella must be—what—in her mid to late twenties by now."
Jason shrugged. "Beats me." He winked in my direction.
This was exactly the kind of thing Elizabeth warned me about. How could I possibly stay here with a picture of me as a human? How long before someone figured out it really was me? What was Jason thinking?
Mrs. Whitaker gave Jason a big hug and thanked him. "Well, let me go and get breakfast ready."
"I went into the kitchen with her. "I'm not really much of a breakfast person," I began. "And last night, after we talked, I realized I still have some things at the house."
"Oh," Mrs. Whitaker came up short. "Well, I hadn't realized you still had things at home."
"I should go with you—just in case," Jason said.
"No. I'll be fine, it's just a few things. I won't be long." I started for the backdoor.
"Uh, you probably want to dress a little warmer." Jason not to discreetly hinted.
"Right, perfect time to try out my new sweats." I grabbed them, ran upstairs and changed. "Tada." I sang as I came back down the stairs. "They fit perfect, thank you so much." I started for the backdoor again.
"Ah, keys?" Jason said, reaching into his pocket.
"Right." 
He tossed me the keys.
"That's the strangest little car," Mrs. Whitaker said. "What make is it?"
"It's an old VW Beetle," Jason said. "You know, like the ones they make into dune buggies."
"I do remember, they were cute, but not very practical for East Coast winters." She thought for a moment. "What happened to that pretty car of yours, the black one?"
"We had to leave it behind," I said.
"What a shame."
"You sure you don't want me to drive you?" Jason said.
"Nah, I'll be fine."
"Jason, you shouldn't be driving Izzy's car, you have the Jeep. If something were to happen there would be insurance issues I'm sure."
I escaped out the backdoor before Jason could catch me. I didn't think a goodbye kiss would sit well with Mrs. Whitaker. "I'll be back." I waved to him as I pulled away.
I changed as soon as I got home and headed out to hunt. The woods were quiet, but I had to remain very diligent because the leaves were off the trees now. A hunter with a scope and a keen eye might spot me. I was fortunate and found a large doe. As I consumed her blood, I wondered if this might be my Christmas tradition, a hunt. Hopefully, in the years to come, it would not be alone. I felt so isolated—I had no idea what was going on with my family. A part of me blamed Jason, if it hadn't been for him, I would have stayed with them. Not knowing was worse than being in danger.
With vampire perfection I had executed a clean kill, but I washed off before heading home anyway. I packed a bag, making sure to include only modest clothing—not that I had any sexy clothes, but I avoided the tightest jeans and deep V neck sweaters. No need to put Jason through any more stress than necessary—and certainly no need to fuel the fires of his mother's suspicion. Once I was finished, I went downstairs, but instead of leaving, I lingered. The house seemed so odd—removed—with the furniture draped in sheets. It looked more like a reflection of the past than the present, but it was the only home I remembered. I walked though the kitchen where Elizabeth had kept things very human and past the counter where she had left my papers for school. I went though the parlor where the family danced and where I had worn the hoop skirt and danced with Tink. I went up the stairs that once seemed like an escape route. I let my fingers slowly trace the broken plaster around my bedroom doorframe where Elizabeth and I had had a 'conversation' as Benjamin put it. Fear shook me as I walked into Benjamin and Elizabeth's room. I'd forgotten the face—and even in my recognition, I had not realized how prevalent it was in Benjamin's paintings. He thought he didn't know his attacker, but looking at the few remaining paintings—knowing what I knew now—there was no doubt he knew on some level. "Oh," I remembered, "the paint." I went to my bedroom and packed my body paints. They were odorless for the most part so I shouldn't have a problem using them at the Whitakers'. I was going to have to keep covered most of the time if I was going to stay with Jason and his mother—their routine was just too unpredictable. Could I really do this? I thought as I went back downstairs. Going to school was one thing, but living with humans a completely different situation. 'Like people living in the fields with cattle.' Is the way Alexander put it, and that was just to describe our general belief. Would he call what I was attempting, living in the barn with the cattle? Probably. The valley was almost dark when I left. The house being on the westward side of Lambs Knoll gave me a glimpse of the last shimmer of the sun as it sank below the western horizon.
The first thing I noticed as I swung around the corner into Jason's driveway was that his Jeep was gone. I cut of the noisy engine and coasted silently to a stop near the backdoor. Jason's mother and Aunt Madd were at the kitchen table, but they hadn't noticed my arrival.
"You're over reacting, Nancy, they're just kids and obviously very much in love."
"Exactly my point. Jason just turned eighteen—he's too young—and I don't want to hear about you and my brother—those were different times."
"She seems like a very nice girl," Aunt Madd said.
"Does she? She's a very troubled girl of that you can be sure—she's no good for him. Look what's happened—he left school to go traipsing off across the country after her—and I'm still not convinced she didn't do her little disappearing act on purpose—now this latest fiasco He was shot! If she really cared about him, how could she expose him to that kind of danger, family or no family?"
"Well as for the danger, maybe that was why she wanted him to go, for protection. Besides, didn't you say you agreed to let him go?"
"What choice did I have? It was very clear he was going with or without my permission—she's going to ruin his life if he doesn't—"
"They're young."
"But not children—there can be serious consequences to the choices they make—Why I found her standing in her room with nothing but a blanket wrapped around her—who do you think she was waiting for—in the room right next mine—can you imagine?"
"Well, I'm sure it will be better when she moves down to the guest room."
"Will it? I'm not sure how."
"Jason's a good boy, you and Tom raised him right. Have a talk with him if you think it's necessary, but he's going to grow up into a fine young man. Is this the first Christmas since Tom disappeared?"
"No, it's the second, but Jason and I realized this year that he isn't coming back."
And the subject of the conversation changed. I was pretty sure I knew how Jason's mother felt about me, but it was hard listening to her say it out loud. Everybody, including me thought this arrangement was a bad idea—well not Jason and I have to admit there was a part of me that didn't either, but we would both have to keep that part under control.
"Well, I really should be going," Aunt Madd said. Her chair scrapped across the floor as she got up.
"I'm so glad you were able to be with us this year."
"Just a couple of old widows—Oh now, I didn't mean it like that. You're young, healthy, I'm sure you'll find somebody."
I got out of the car and slammed the door as they started across the kitchen. We reached the backdoor at the same time.
"Oh, hello, dear," Aunt Madd said.
"I'm sorry I took so long. You're leaving?"
"Yes, dear, I have to get home. The ladies are coming tomorrow—it's tradition you know."
"Well, it was nice to meet you." I held the door for them.
When they were at the bottom of the steps, Aunt Madd turned back to me. "You and Jason make a stunning couple, but don't rush things, you have the rest of your lives to be together. I'm sure I will see you again. Merry Christmas."
"Merry Christmas," I echoed unconsciously.
I knew the spare room was available, but I didn't want to presume so I waited nervously in the kitchen for Mrs. Whitaker. Alone in the house with the mother whose son's life I was ruining—not good.
"Whew!" Mrs. Whitaker huffed as she came back inside. "You can really tell its winter." She looked up at my obvious indifference to the cold. "Well, I'll get the sheets changed in the guest room."
"No, please let me do that. It's the least I can do, you've been gracious enough just letting me stay here. I don't want to put you to any more trouble."
She smiled, one of those double meaning smiles. "That's nice of you. I'll just fetch the sheets then." She returned a few minutes later and I followed her to the guest room. "This room has a bathroom with a shower so you should be pretty much self contained down here. There's a dresser and closet—I don't think there is anything in the dresser." She opened each drawer to make sure and then went over and opened the bi-fold closet doors. "Well, I think everything is ready."
"Thank you, and I'm sorry you feel put out. If there was any other—"
"Nonsense," she said, but her embarrassed blush telescoped what I already knew.
"Well, I know it's a lot to ask, and I'm grateful."
"I think you'll be comfortable." She looked around the room. "Oh, that reminds me."
I waited at the bedroom door as she went to the kitchen and grabbed a large manila envelope.
"I almost forgot, Mrs. Hall dropped this by this afternoon."
"Cathy's mom, what is it?" I said as she handed it to me.
"I'm sure it's your makeup work—I didn't open it though—not my place. Well, I'll leave you to get settled in." 
"Oh, Mrs. Whitaker, do you know when Jason will be back?"
"He went to 'hang out' with some of the boys from school. He said he didn't think you'd be back for supper. Would you like me to warm you up a plate?"
"No, thank you. I didn't want to intrude any more than I already am, hope that was okay."
"I understand. We all just need a little time to adjust. I'm sure everything will work out."
I turned to take in the room as she closed the door. I'd seen the bathroom, the dresser and of course the closet, but I hadn't realized there was a patio set beyond a short half wall. It actually doubled the size of the room. Beyond the patio set, the wall was lined with drapery. I pushed back the drapes to see which direction the room was facing and discovered a sliding glass door. Across a short strip of lawn, the woods, beyond that, the creek. This was better than I could have hoped for. With easy access to my room, I could slip out unnoticed to hunt. I unpacked and then sat down at the table to go though the packet of makeup work.

Chapter 13
It was after midnight when Jason finally came home. I was relieved and disappointed that he went straight upstairs. Honestly, it was really difficult to decide who was going to be more difficult to control, Jason or me. It was clear I didn't belong here, just dealing with everything Jason was hard enough, and Mrs. Whitaker had made it very clear how she felt about the situation. In a way, this felt like some kind of penance for getting involved with him. I was what I was and I wasn't supposed to have these kinds of feelings for a human—they were supposed to be food.
Jason surprised me, yet again, the next morning by not knocking on my door. He was in the kitchen. A little confused, I must admit, I opened the door.
"Oh, there you are. Sleep well?" He flashed his pearly whites in a mock smile.
"I got started on my makeup work."
"Oh, that, boring. Come on, I won't bite." He patted the chair at the table next to him.
We kissed, cautiously and then he poured a tiny portion of cereal in a bowl, added milk and slid it over in front of me.
"Gotta make it look good." His gaze washed over me—no, he leered. "That what you're wearing today?" It was clear from his tone he disapproved.
"After the incident in the bedroom last night, I didn't want to—"
"What incident?"
I scooted my chair closer. "Your jersey was a little much, so I took it off and wrapped up in a blanket. Your mom saw me like that when she brought my clothes up."
Jason bobbed his brow. "Whew! Wish I could have been there for that."
"Jason, it's not funny. She had every right to draw the conclusion she did."
"What conclusion was that?" He stuffed another spoonful of cereal in his mouth.
"She thought I was waiting for you."
"Were you?"
"Absolutely not."
"Too bad."
"So what's wrong with what I'm wearing?" I had on my old black sweatpants and sweatshirt.
"Oh, hey Mom." He nodded toward the stairs.
"Good morning, kids."
"So Mom, how old does Izzy look?"
"I don't understand what you're asking," she replied apprehensively.
"What she's wearing—she looks what, maybe forty?"
"Jason!"
"Oh, no, I don't mean anything by it, it's just the way she's dressed. The guys are coming over later and well, you know—"
"I know no such thing—you appolo—"
"Sorry." He leaned over and kissed my cheek. "You know I didn't mean anything by it."
Sure they were my favorite sweats, but I was wearing them as much for him as I was for me. Bummin' they called it, was one way I could help keep his hormones in check. "Well, thanks for breakfast." I took my bowl—making sure Mrs. Whitaker saw it—and headed for the sink. Once I washed it out, I placed it in the drying rack and headed back toward my room. "You should get started on the makeup work," I reminded Jason. "There's a lot to do."
"Yeah, yeah, I'll get to it."
"You started?" Mrs. Whitaker said, seemingly surprised.
"Last night. Well, thanks again for breakfast." I caught a glimpse of her smile before I closed the door.
"Well, at least Izzy's—"
"Don't start, Mom. I'll get to it. Alex is coming over. We're going to play that new video game you gave me."
"Well, don't put it off too long." She cleared her throat like she was going to say something else, but must have thought better of it.
An hour passed and a car pulled into the driveway.
"Hey, Mrs. Whitaker." Alex said as he came in through the back doorway. 
"Jason's in the family room, right through there."
"Dude!" Jason greeted him. "This game is totally awesome."
The springs groaned as Alex plopped down on the sofa with Jason. There was an occasional yelp or groan—they were obviously engrossed in the game. I went back to my schoolwork. I wouldn't say the teachers were punishing us for our little excursion, but I was pretty sure this was a whole lot more work than if we'd stayed in school. Jason and Alex were talking again.
"So where is she?" Alex whispered.
"Right through that door," Jason said.
"Wow, that must be great."
"Yeah, she's really something."
That made me feel good—he sounded like the old Jason. I yanked off my sweats and slipped into his football jersey. It was teasing—ah, so what. As I started to open the door, Alex spoke again.
"So, you've like got access?"
"Hey," I said, pulling up short—not exactly sure what Alex meant.
"There you are." Jason jumped up, raced over and wrapped his arm around me. "She looks almost as good in it as I do," he joked.
"Better," Alex said.
"Mind getting us a soda?" Jason asked.
I glanced around the room and then listened carefully—Mrs. Whitaker was in her room upstairs. "Sure."
"Damn!" Alex panted quietly as I walked past. I glanced back at Jason—he was fanning his face. I grabbed the soda's quickly as Mrs. Whitaker started down the hall. The last thing I needed was for her to see me parading around like this.
"Thanks, babe," Jason said as I tossed them each a can.
I retreated to my room. 'Access?' That was definitely what Alex said, but what did he mean?
Mrs. Whitaker stopped at the bottom of the stairs. "Jason, it's getting late and you have to start on that school work."
"Yeah, Mom. We're like almost at the end of the level."
"Alright. Nice to see you again, Alex. Maybe you can get him to start on his work. There'll be no football next season if he doesn't get it finished."
"You got it, Mrs. Whitaker." 
The floor creaked as she retreated back up the stairs. There was a loud volley of explosions as they reached the climax of the level—then it was quiet.
"So seriously, you've got access?" Alex asked again.
"Why do you think Mom put her room down here—squeaky springs."
"Man, I didn't figure Izzy was like that."
"Hey!" Jason's voice shot up. "She's not some—"
"Dude, you don't have access, do you? Hey, it's cool."
"Yeah, Izzy's great."
"I tried with Cathy—whoa! Big wall!"
"I thought you really liked her, why risk—"
"I did—do, but you know how it is, there's a lot of pressure. I think it will be even worse next year when we're seniors."
Their footsteps headed off toward the backdoor.
"Guess with her living right under your nose, it's just a matter of time." Alex said, his voice fading down the back steps.
"See ya later, man," Jason called after him.
"That's Izzy's car, right?"
"Yeah, pretty crazy isn't it?"
"I think it's freakin' awesome. We should build a pair over the summer. I heard old bugs are cheap."
"Sure, something to think about."
The backdoor banged closed and a short time later one of the college bowl games came on the television.
Was he really going to let Alex think—maybe I didn't know him as well as I thought. I definitely needed some answers. I listened closely—his mother was still upstairs. I changed back into my favorite sweats, and then opened the door.
The house was dark, except for the flickering light from the television washing over Jason. He perked up when he saw me and patted the seat next to him.
I walked over, but didn't sit down. "Were you really going to let Alex think—"
"Nah," he moaned, "no way, not my girl."
"But you—"
"It's just locker room talk—we didn't mean anything by it." He patted the cushion next to him again. "You shouldn't listen in like that," he added.
"Not really something I can turn off and on you know."
He reached up and I let him pull me down on the sofa next to him. "Why'd you change?"
"Didn't want to upstage you," I teased.
He laughed. "No way I can compete—it's all you. You're just freakin' beautiful."
I stood, pulling him up with me—his arm still wrapped around my neck. I kissed him—testing the fire in the back of my throat. It seemed safe, so I pulled him tighter and nuzzled against the nape of his neck. "Maybe I should tell the girls I have access?"
"Would you—that'd be awesome."
"What?" I shoved him back down on the sofa.
He winced. "Hey, I was just kidding."
"Sorry, I forgot about your shoulder." I looked toward the stairs.
"Mom?"
"Yeah. You better get started on the makeup work. There's a lot more than you think."
"Aren't you going to help?"
"Yep, I'm going to let you do it."
"Awe, come on, it's your fault I have to do it in the first place."
There was a squeak at the top of the stairs. "Jason, you still up?"
"Yeah, Mom. Just watching the game."
She started down the stairs, quickly probably thinking she would catch us.
"I'll think about it." I kissed him and darted back into my bedroom.
"Get to bed, Jason. You can finish the game in your room."
"Sure."
The light under my door went out along with the sound of cheering fans and Jason's footsteps slowly trudged up the stairs.
The rest of winter break was uneventful. Jason did his makeup work and even though he complained about it, I only helped when he was really stuck. After all, he didn't have all night to work on it like I did. I heard his mom make some comment like 'I must not have put much effort into it' when it took Jason so much longer, but I didn't sweat it and figured she could find out what kind of effort I'd put in when we got the grades back. Don't get me wrong, Jason was smart—but like I said, he had to sleep.
The guys came over a few times and I found that instead of trying not to eves drop—which was impossible—if I hung out with them they behaved themselves. All in all, I'd say everyone adjusted to the situation, even Mrs. Whitaker. Before we knew it, it was January fourteenth, the first day of class. For me and Jason it was even a bigger deal—well for Jason anyway—we were to report to the front office first thing to find out if we'd be going forward, or retaking last semester's classes.
* * *
"Wow," I said as we pulled up in front of the school. "Hard to believe I'm going back to school."
"You need a minute?" Jason reached to turn off the ignition, but stopped as an icy winter blast shook the Jeep.
"You can go on without me, I'll be fine."
"Hey, no way."
We sat silently for a few minutes. A few more kids pulled into the student lot, but went straight into school.
Jason smiled. "This was a lot better when it was warm."
"What time is it?"
"Like six forty," Jason said, pulling up his coat sleeve so he could look at his watch.
"Guess we should go."
Jason got the door for me and while I wouldn't call it a death march, we both definitely slowed the closer we got to the school. There weren't many kids there yet, we had our meeting before classes began. Mrs. Hall looked up when we got to the office door.
"You ready for this?" Jason mumbled.
I wrapped my arm around his. "We're ready."
Things didn't happen the way we expected. First, I had to wait while the principal talked to Jason. He got a stern warning about responsibility. I didn't know the principal, but what she had to say almost sounded like a well-prepared speech—the words chosen very carefully. We had more or less agreed to just take our medicine, so I was surprised when Jason argued a point.
"I did act responsibly," Jason said. "A classmates future, possibly her life was at stake. The most responsible thing to do was for me to do something about it."
"That's what we have the police for. I'm sure they could have helped."
"Trust me, I was the only one who could resolve the issue."
"And what issue was that?"
Even outside the office I could feel Jason tense. Ms. Moore didn't know what happened—but that seemed impossible, Mrs. Whitaker would have had to explain in order to get them to agree to the make up work. Obviously, she didn't believe the excuse was the real answer.
"I'm not really at liberty to say," Jason finally said. "I would be breaking a confidence and I'm not sure if I wouldn't be breaking some kind of law. I mean no disrespect, but my mom—"
"Well." Ms. Moore's chair creaked as she leaned back. "I have a nice letter here from Coach Singleton. He seems to think you're a very mature young man and agrees—at least off the record—that you acted responsibly." She pushed back from the desk and stood. "See that you stay in school Mr. Whitaker. See Mrs. Hall, she has this semester's class schedule for you."
"Sweet!" Jason said.
The doorknob turned.
"And Jason—"
"Yes, Ms. Moore."
"From what I hear, in some circles they think what you did makes you a hero."
"Thanks."
The door opened and Jason stepped into the outer office all smiles.
"Ms. Faulkner," Ms. Moore said, motioning me toward her office.
Jason winked and mouthed, "We're good."
Whenever I had seen Ms. Moore in the past, she seemed very much in control. She just had that air of self-confidence about her. But as I took the seat across the desk from her, she seemed very flustered—very much out of her comfort zone.
"Well," she said, "how are you, Izzy?"
I noticed she used my first name. With Jason it had been very formal, except right at the end. I tensed fearing that maybe it meant the worst. Maybe they were going to hold me back as punishment, or maybe worse yet, they weren't going to let me attend here at all. "Nervous."
Her smile looked genuine. "You don't need to be nervous. We all want to do what's best for you."
Ah, oh, here it comes.
"Under normal circumstances," she continued, "I would recommend a different school since there are obviously issues here that—well contributed to your running away." Her voice softened as she continued. "We don't know one another—I hope that changes—but one thing you should know about me, I don't like to lose."
I glanced up into her concerned eyes.
"I feel as though I failed you, Izzy."
"What happened wasn't your—"
"All my students are my responsibility." She pulled some papers out of a folder on her desk. "All your teachers wrote very nice things about you—you're a wonderful student—hard worker—gifted, all the kinds of things an administrator wants to hear. But, they also wrote that you were distant from your classmates—quiet—even reclusive. These are the kinds of warning signs, that well, frankly we missed."
"I chose not to—"
"Avoiding people is not a natural choice. Sure, we all need our own personal space, but social interaction is an important part of the high school experience. It teaches you how to act when you go on to college, a job, or start a family."
"I understand," I said, hoping she'd move on.
She pulled another letter out of the folder. "Your mother says you're staying with the Whitaker's this semester."
"Yes. Mrs. Whitaker has been kind enough to let me stay with them."
Her brow rose as she looked up from the letter. "Jason's a very nice young man."
I didn't know how to respond, so I didn't.
"Well, your make up work bears out what your teachers said, you are indeed a very bright young lady, and after all the nice things Coach Singleton had to say—well, I'd have to agree. We just need to work on your social skills."
"I'll try." I felt like I needed to offer her some tidbit of information. "I'm trying to rediscover myself—after I learned I was adopted and met my birth mother, you know."
"Wonderful." She didn't seem surprised at the revelation so Elizabeth must have put something in the letter to that effect. "I know I speak for the entire staff when I say, we're here to help."
I got up as she walked around her desk, but flinched away as she extended her hand. That brought a crease of concern to her brow.
"Try to fit in, Izzy. Make an effort and I think you will be pleasantly surprised how the other students react." She opened the door.
"Thank you."
"See Mrs. Hall for your schedule. And Izzy, stop by my office once a week and let me know how you're doing. Together we can get you where you need to be."
"Okay." Great, now I was under surveillance. I guess it could have been worse.
Mrs. Hall welcomed me back as she handed me my schedule and was all smiles until I asked about Cathy. It seemed shortly after I left, Cathy started having nightmares again. Then, when she and Alex broke up—entirely Alex's fault according to Mrs. Hall—Cathy just put up a wall.
Jason met me in the hallway, just outside the office.
"What classes do you have?" Jason asked.
I folded out my schedule next to his to compare. Obviously we didn't have any classes together. I happen to see Ms. Moore's short smile before she went back into her office.
"Man, this sucks. I was hoping we'd have at least one class together."
"You didn't really think they were going to put us together, did you?"
"They did this on purpose? Ah, I guess there's nothing we can do about it." He glanced at our schedules again. "At least they're close—I can still walk you to class."
"Guess that'll have to do."
Jason leaned closer. "You okay? I forget sometimes—you know you seem to be able to deal with—everything."
"The guest room helped a lot—upstairs, well, it was just too much, but since I moved downstairs it's better."
"And school?"
"I think I'll be okay."
"Cool." Jason nodded down the hallway. "Shall we."

Chapter 14
Classes weren't that bad as far as the teachers and curriculum went, but there were always the curious glances, the judgmental nods, oh and lets not forget the outright stairs at my stomach as if  I should be showing. Did every girl drama in high school have to be about sex? Jason meeting me outside each class didn't help in the drama department. This semester we were going to read the Scarlet Letter in English and I think I know exactly how Hester Prynne felt. Maybe I should just paint a scarlet letter on the front of one of my tee shirts.
There were a bunch of boys hanging around the front doors when school was over.
"Hey," Alex said as we approached.
"What's up?" Jason responded.
"We were thinking about heading over to the batting cages," Alex replied.
"Seriously, it's January."
"Dude, tryouts will be here before you know it. You're going out for baseball, aren't you?"
"I guess—football's really my thing though," Jason admitted.
"Hey, it'll keep you in shape. Guess that means you're cool with Coach?"
"There's a problem with Coach?" Jason said.
Matt walked up. "Yeah. He so gave us like this big lecture on responsibility to ourselves and others."
"When did that happen?" Jason asked.
"Not long after you split I guess—oh hey, Izzy, didn't see you standing there."
"Hey, Matt."
They continued their conversation without me. It really felt like I was invisible.
"So, yeah, that's cool. I'll meet you guys there. Later."
I followed Jason to his locker. He fumbled around like he was stalling.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"Nothing."
"So you're going to go practice with the guys?"
"You mind?"
"No, of course not. Do you think it was weird that Matt didn't notice me?"
"So you can get home alright, right?"
"You're just ditching me?"
"It's not like that—it's just I know you don't really need me to drop you off."
"Fine." I huffed. "About Matt?"
"What? Oh, it's probably just because you dress down, you don't really do the whole girl thing."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"You know." He waved his hand from my shoulders to my feet.
"Nice."
"I'm just sayin'."
"Whatever," I said as I exited the side doors without any goodbyes. I went up toward the park and then when I was sure I was alone, headed toward the Faulkner house—no need to spend any more time with Jason's mom than necessary. Jason's comment about me being invisible was the second time in the day someone had commented on my fitting in—the first being Ms. Moore. I was home now, and went straight to my room. I stepped in front of the floor length mirror and had to admit, even though I'd given up most of the Emo get up from last semester I still had that leave me alone look—exclusion. That was the point last semester.
Things were different now, Jason and I were an item and I could deal with humans—most of the time. So what did that mean as far as how I dressed? I dug through my dresser but everything was just more of the same. The thing though—I had no role model, no one as an example. Copying one of the girls at school was definitely out—Cathy and I had had that Bobbsey Twin's moment once last semester. The women I knew—Elizabeth and Melanie—dressed in the style of the 1800's. I could just see me showing up to school in a hoop skirt. I would be noticed though. The thought made me laugh, but seriously, what was I going to do? Maybe when Jason got home he would help, he seemed to at least have an idea of what I shouldn't wear.
* * *
I emerged from the wooded area along the creek behind the Whitaker place just as Jason's Jeep turned into the driveway. We met at the backdoor. He was sweaty, oozing testosterone from hanging out with the guys—very sexy.
Jason stepped away from me as I tried to snuggle up next to him. "Please, I reek."
"Not the word I would have chosen."
He opened the door and I followed him inside.
"Hey, kids," Mrs. Whitaker said. "Hope you're hungry."
"I'm starved," Jason said. "Definitely need to grab a shower first, though." He headed up the stairs.
"Half hour," Mrs. Whitaker called after him. "How about you Izzy, hungry?"
I shook my head. "Not so much, I think I'll just start my homework."
"You sure? I made plenty."
"Not tonight, but thanks though." I glanced up the stairs as the water started running. "Could I ask you a question?"
Mrs. Whitaker grabbed a dishtowel and wiped off her hands. "Sure."
I glanced up the stairs again.
"Don't worry, he'll use every bit of the half hour and probably then some."
"I know we don't really know each other all that well, but I'm kind of in the middle of rediscovering myself."
"Was your birth mother that different?"
"No, she was very similar to the Faulkners."
"Then the fact you were adopted?"
"I guess that has something to do with it, but it's more than that. Today, when I met with the principal—"
"How'd that go?"
"She was very gracious, and I want to thank you for the nice things you said about me. I know you were going out on a limb."
"Well, Jason is very sure about you."
I forced a smile. Obviously she wasn't. "Well, the whole Emo, black wardrobe thing was just to protect my privacy and now, well, now I don't know."
"About your privacy? I put you in the guest room so you would have—"
"No, no, that's not it. I—well—I'm not sure how to dress. Jason alluded to the fact that I dress, 'Plain Jane'."
"Ah, that boy, we raised him better than that, I promise you."
"He kind of has a point," I said, with half a curtsy.
"Well," she said, stepping back to get a better perspective. "You're certainly an attractive young lady. I bet there are a lot of girls that would die for your figure—you're what, maybe a size 0?"
"Something like that."
"Well, that's going to limit your shopping options. Not every place will carry a size that small. I'm afraid I can't help much on the style front. When I see the girls they're dressed for Sunday service and I'm sure they dress differently for school. This is our first year on the East Coast and it's quite different than California. If I were you, I would take a look around at the girls in school and see if there's anything in particular that you like. You don't want to copy what someone is wearing, but you can get an idea of what appeals to you."
"That makes sense. I don't know why I didn't think of that. Thanks."
"Oh, just a minute." Mrs. Whitaker said, walking over to the counter near the phone. She fumbled through a stack of newspapers and magazines. "Here you go, maybe the Penny's after Christmas sale catalog will help with some ideas."
Just then the water upstairs shut off.
"Well, I'll let you finish getting supper ready. Thanks again." I started for my room.
"Izzy," Mrs. Whitaker called after me. "Mind if I say something?"
"No, of course not."
"Well, you're a very attractive young lady—very petite—but I've noticed you barely eat."
"I just have a special diet."
"Izzy, I know there's a lot of pressure to be attractive, but you have to eat—it's not healthy—"
"I do, honest."
"You said you had a special diet. If you let me know, I'm sure I can prepare anything you would like—I'm quite a good cook if I don't say so myself."
I held back a laugh—sure, could you slaughter a dear for me? Not! "I'll keep that in mind. Thanks." I retired to my room before Jason came back downstairs.
* * *
There was new gossip in school, so my was she, or wasn't she pregnant faded from the lime light. Jason was a perfect gentleman, maybe too perfect. At times it seemed like he was just going through the motions with me—walked me to class—to my locker—said the right things, but most of his attention was directed toward the guys. Maybe that was the way it was supposed to be with a girlfriend or boyfriend—they just folded into part of your life. With my family gone, I didn't have anything but Jason, so maybe my judgment was off kilter.
I went shopping on Saturday morning. It worked out really well, it was a cold day—windy, and the stores were almost empty. Mrs. Whitaker was right, there wasn't a great deal of choices when it came to my size, but I found a few things. One of the ladies at the dressing rooms noticed the difficulty I was having finding things that fit and was kind enough to give me a mail order magazine for sizes 0 – 4. She also said I could find the store online and that the sizing was very close to the things in her store. So, if a size 1 fit here, then it would from the mail order place.
I decided to save my new wardrobe until school on Monday even though Jason kept bugging me to see what I'd bought. He seemed really excited about it, which was a little weird, but sweet. The rest of the weekend passed pleasantly. Jason and I were perfect and kept off his mother's radar screen even though she had a habit of popping up out of nowhere—well at least to Jason—she wasn't going to surprise me again.
Finally Monday came around. I put on my coat after getting dresses and before leaving my room so that Jason wouldn't get to see my new outfit until we got to school. I was so excited—I couldn't wait to see those beautiful eyes of his wash over me. He tried to peek, but also seemed excited over the anticipation of the reveal.
We stopped at his locker first, where Matt and Alex joined us. I was a little disappointed, but maybe it was a good idea it wasn't just Jason and I—just in case. They walked over to my locker with us.
"Izzy got some new clothes over the weekend," Jason said as I undid the lock. I felt a little nervous, almost like when you take off your cover up at the beach—all the guys glancing up from their magazines, or pausing from their game of corn hole. Okay, here goes. I took off my coat, stuffed it in the locker and turned around.
Jason smiled, but it lacked the enthusiasm I'd expected. Alex didn't seem interested at all, and Matt was definitely choking back a laugh.
"Well?" I said, hesitantly.
Jason leaned forward and kissed me. "You're beautiful."
Matt turned to Alex. "Yeah, if you're into the librarian look I guess."
Alex punched Matt in the arm. "Knock it off, man, she looks nice."
"Who's the prep?" Some guy called out from the kids passing by.
"Pictures aren't until next month," another guy yelled.
I was humiliated. I let my hair down after first period and that at least put a stop to the librarian comments. While the guy's comments were condescending, the girls were vicious. Of course they didn't know I could hear them, but it was pretty much a consensus that I must be going after one of the teachers—probably the new, cute guy who taught biology. I mean seriously, how much more obvious could I be? Lisa had first dibs on Jason if I scored with the teacher. With the guys—I'd pretty much faded into the background by the end of the day.
The guys went to the batting cages again after school. It looked like it was going to be a weekly thing, but Jason dropped me off at his house first. He said he didn't want me to ruin my new outfit. I tore it to shreds when I got to my room and put on my favorite sweats. I fussed and fumed over my obviously pathetic attempt at a make over, and tried to forget with Biology and Algebra homework.
I joined Jason and his mom at dinner—they were having soup and sandwiches—I just had the soup. Mrs. Whitaker seemed pleased. It was mostly small talk, Jason's mom asking about his day and how he was doing at the cages. She was polite enough to ask me about the day too, although I don't think she really cared.
Jason went upstairs after dinner to do his homework. I helped Mrs. Whitaker with the dishes and then we went into the family room. She put on some kind of how to dress television show. She swore she watched it every week, but she had had to search though the online guide to find it. I finally realized she'd put it on for me—ya think?
The host went through this poor girl's closet tossing almost everything she owned, a lot of which looked like the things I had, even my shredded new outfit. Then the host showed the girl some things she could do, how to mix and match different clothes, and then sent her out shopping while her friends watched on hidden camera.
"Oh my God, that's totally wrong for her," one girl said. "It makes her look old."
"Ah!" Another one of the girls gasped. "She looks like a freakin' librarian."
Okay, I'd been there, done that. What I noticed the most about the next part was how important it seemed to show off your features—to accentuate the positive and minimize your flaws. Mrs. Whitaker said I was slender, so that was a plus—Jason—Jason knew what my positives were. Maybe he could help.
"What the fu—"
"Jason!" Mrs. Whitaker cut him off. "You know how I feel about cursing."
"Sorry Mom. What the heck are you watching?"
"I suppose you want to watch the Maryland game? Do you mind, Izzy?"
"No, basketball is fine."
She punched in the channel on the remote—no online guide this time.
"Thanks," I whispered.
She winked. "You're welcome."
"What'd I miss?" Jason said.
"Nothing."
Jason sat down on the sofa next to me. He glanced over at his mom before he draped his arm around my shoulders. I was surprised she seemed to be okay with it. Basketball was interesting, fast paced by human standards and I have to admit some of the players had remarkable skills.
"Well," Jason's mom said as she got up. "I think I'll watch the news upstairs."
Jason and I exchanged a puzzled glance.
"Goodnight, Mom."
"Not too late, you two have school tomorrow."
"She's leaving us alone—on the sofa—your arm around me?"
"I told you she'd come around." Jason smiled and then kissed me.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, mister. We're not taking advantage of what could be a hiccup in your mother's judgment."
He laughed. "You are absolutely adorable—no wonder I love you so much."
"It didn't seem like it in school." I thought about it for a moment when he didn't answer. "As a matter of fact, it never seems like it in school."
"What, you don't like me walking you to class?"
I flipped my leg across him and pulled up on his lap. I ran my fingers though his hair and then grasped his head gently, bring his lips to mine. "I don't want to fight."
He kissed me, a long—and if it were possible—too passionate a kiss. "Me either." He grasped my hips and slowly slid his hands up my back, under my sweatshirt.
"Jason," I warned, softly.
"Izzy," he panted.
I pulled away and slid off his lap to the cushion next to him. "I need your help."
"You need my help?" he replied disappointedly.
"Obviously I missed with my new outfit."
"It wasn't that bad, it just—"
"Made me look old."
"Maybe if you lose the vest, and undo a few buttons—"
"I ripped it to shreds."
"Really. wish I could have seen that."
"Trust me, no you don't. So, I was thinking, since I didn't do so well, maybe you could help?"
"Me? You want me to go shopping with you?" His fear of the ultimate humiliation answered the question as I expected. Time for plan B.
"Did you see that show your mom had on—when you came downstairs?"
"Sure, one of those stupid girl shows."
"Right, stupid. Well, it was about doing a wardrobe makeover. The girl didn't really know what kind of clothes to wear, so her friends helped her pick what worked for her. So, what do you say?"
"Okay," he said cautiously, "I guess."
"Wait here." I dashed into my room and grabbed the catalogs. A leap from halfway across the room put me back on the sofa with a thump. "So, we go though the catalog and you circle the clothes you like."
"You're serious about this."
"Yep, I trust you." I scooted up close to his side and opened the first catalog.
We must have spent almost an hour going through them. Jason circled more things than I thought and seemed to be enjoying himself.
"Well, if that's it, I should probably hit the hay." He stretched. "Dang, I'm stiff from the cages."
I was around behind the sofa before he could blink. I took hold of his shoulders and gently messaged them.
"Easy, girl." He rolled his head from side-to-side. "Yeah, that's the ticket."
I continued for another five minutes.
"I better get upstairs or I'm going to fall asleep right here."
I pushed him up to his feet. "Thanks for the help."
"Anytime. Maybe I can help you pick out a bathing suit sometime—a bikini of course."
"Beach—ocean—sun, probably not the best idea."
"The ocean's there, night or day." He winked. "Well, goodnight."
"Goodnight."
I used Jason's laptop and went online to place my order. Next week, things at school would be different.

Chapter 15
The following Monday was disappointing. The packages I ordered hadn't arrived so at school I was just the same old wallflower again. Jason seemed disappointed too. I was totally relieved when Jason dropped me off after school—the packages were on the porch.
I grabbed them as soon as Jason headed off to the batting cages. Next stop, my room. Excited would be an understatement and to make it even better, Jason hadn't noticed the packages. On the television show they'd done a big reveal—a party, and I couldn't think of a better place than the batting cages with Jason and his friends to debut the new Izzy Faulkner, Jason's girlfriend.
The white silk top didn't leave much to the imagination, so I had to put on a bra. Even then, you could see the embroidery though the fabric. As Jason had suggested with my last attempt, I left the top two buttons undone. The crimson skirt was even shorter than it looked in the catalog, but the black pantyhose covered the essentials and would keep me from having to paint my legs in the daytime. Since I was going to the batting cages, I avoided the high heels. I did a double take in the mirror. Whoa, who was that staring back at me? If Jason didn't like this look, I was going to pound him. I put on my coat and headed for the car.
"Will you be back for dinner?" Mrs. Whitaker said as I entered the kitchen.
"I'm just going down to the bating cages to surprise Jason."
She glanced down at my legs. "You sure you won't be too cold?"
"I'll be fine. See ya."
It was a short ride to the batting cages. How was I going to do this? On the show they'd done a big, pull the drapes away—runway thing, but that obviously wasn't possible. I'd done the open the coat thing the last time, so I needed something better, but what?
Jason had described the batting cages and if I remembered correctly, there was a side door that entered in through the video arcade. Sure, the video arcade filled with boys—that might just be the ticket—my own personal runway. I left my coat in the car and headed for the door. I wasn't going to have to wait long for a reaction; there were three guys on the steps smoking.
"Dude," one of the guys said, motioning toward my approach.
"Sweet. Something we could do for you?" he said to me when I reached them.
"No thanks," I said, marching up the stairs and then squeezing past them. "Maybe some other time," I added before going inside.
The two guys at the pinball machines closest to the door did a double take.
"Crap! There goes high score." The one to the left slammed the machine as the pinball trickled down the center hole.
The walk down the aisle of arcade games was everything I'd hoped for—wolf whistles and all. By the time I reached the batting cages all the guys waiting their turn were watching me—to put it mildly. I didn't see Jason, so I started a slow stroll behind the row of cages. This was better than I expected. One-by-one the boys stopped hitting leaving only the muted thud of the rubber balls against the mats behind them.
"Hey!" I waved as I saw Matt standing at the top of the stairs waiting his turn. All the guys around me looked.
Matt looked surprised and pointed to himself—obviously he didn't recognize me.
"Is Jason still here?" I ran down to their cage.
"What the—dang girl, you look—check that—you are hot."
Jason walked out of the cage. "What's all the commotion?"
Yeah, I liked the sound of that—I was all the commotion.
"Izzy?" He blinked. "Izzy!" He rushed down the stairs and wrapped me in his arms. He leaned in for a kiss, but hesitated, his eyes momentarily checking the boys around us.
"Hey, remember me?" I teased. The kiss was incredible.
"Who the heck is she?" the boy in the cage next to us said.
"Must be new, no way I'd miss that?"
"Who's the lucky guy?"
"That's the guy who filled in at quarterback when Derrick went down, Jason something."
"I'll tell you who I'd like to go down with."
The boys laughed and went back to what they were doing.
My smile broke the kiss.
"What?" Jason said.
"I take it you approve?"
"There's just one thing."
Ah oh, what did I do wrong this time? Sure, the boys were drooling all over themselves—and sure, the attention was kind of flattering, but I felt almost half naked—exposed and that was a little unnerving. I wasn't Lisa, the head cheerleader, or one of those slutty girls that hung out with the druggy guys. This was for Jason and now he was going to criticize—seriously?
"So, no way am I going to be able to keep my hands off you." He flashed his pearly whites.
"Who said you have to?" I nuzzled up under his ear.
"Oh pa...lease," one of the boys in line whined.
Yep, I'd say this went just about perfect.
"Come on." Jason pulled me up the stairs toward the batting cage. "Mind if I go again?"
"Nah, it's cool," Alex said." Hey Izzy, looking good."
"Thanks."
"Stand right here." Jason eased me back against the railing. "Tell me what you think." He stepped inside the cage, dropped a token in the machine and positioned himself in the batter's box.
Thud! The first pitch hit the backdrop.
He fouled off the next two, and then drove the fourth ball almost back down the hole it came out of. He chopped the next one and then bunted the last.
"What's the matter, Whitaker, distracted?" The boy from the batting cage next to us taunted. I think it was Andy, one of Derrick's cronies.
"Let me go again." Jason dropped another token in the machine.
Alex shrugged. "Sure—why not—knock your socks off—I'll just stand out here with your totally, hot girlfriend." He winked at me.
"Sweet." A low whisper came from behind, and below me.
I turned. "Mathew!" I pressed the back of my skirt against my legs and stepped away from the railing.
"Hey, can't blame a guy for peeking in the window if you're going to leave the drapes open."
"Mathew!" One of the boys teased followed by a sharp yelp as Matt slugged him in the shoulder. "Sorry, man, I was just playin'," came the insincere apology.
"Did you even see any of that round?" Jason said, opening the gate.
"You hit three," I said. "I'm sorry, Matt was being rude."
Jason glanced down at Matt and then at my hand, tucked behind my skirt and surmised what had happened. He smiled.
"You think it's funny?"
"He's just a guy."
"Oh, and that's supposed to make it okay?"
Jason shrugged. "Just sayin'."
Now I was angry. "So I'm just a girl, right? A pretty little bobble. Give me that thing." I snatched the bat out of Jason's hand and then stepped into the cage. "Go ahead," I said to Alex. "Put the token thing in." 
"You know this is the fast cage?" Alex whispered as he stepped into the cage.
"Fast? Maybe faster than the others, but fast? I don't think so." I leered at Jason as Alex dropped the token in the machine and then slipped back out of the cage.
Jason leered back, silently, but there was something more, something beyond his anger—disappointment—hurt? I ignored it.
"Five bucks says Izzy hits three," Alex said.
"I'll have a piece of that," Matt replied.
I heard the thump of the pitching machine launching the ball. I turned, located the ball in the air, and then as it got within range swung the bat at the precise moment. The crack was much louder than the others around me and drew immediate attention. I glanced back at Jason as the hard lines in his face wilted. I'd done it again—let my anger get the better of me and I was showing him up just like on the football field—but wait—this time there was still time to fix it.
I clumsily swung and missed the next four pitches and on the sixth—I let the ball hit my helmet. I staggered and fell to my knees. There was a collective gasp from the guys around us.
Jason was on his knees next to me in a flash. "You alright?" he said so the others could hear." He knew I wouldn't be hurt, but here he was.
"I'm sorry," I whispered.
"Nah, I'm the one who's sorry. I acted like a jerk."
"No, you acted like a guy—a proud guy—and that's what I wanted." I looked past him to the crowd that had gathered.
"Pay up," Matt said.
"What? Izzy could be hurt," Alex replied.
"Nah, it only crazed her. If it hit her, she'd be squealing like a stuck pig—pay up."
"Izzy?" The boy from the next cage said. "Like in Izzy Faulkner from Art class?" It was definitely Andy.
"What, you know her?" The guy next to him said.
"She's the freakin' Emo from school."
"No freakin' way."
I slipped my arm around Jason's neck. "I think I'm going to need some help."
Jason pulled me to my feet. "You okay now?"
I slumped down, and he caught me. "I think you're going to have to carry me."
Jason smiled—that beautiful make me forget everything smile of his. "Sure, whatever you need."
We sat on the bench behind the cages while things around us went back to normal. Jason even went so far as to get an ice pack for me. Unfortunately, the close confines with so many sweaty guys began to get to me. Jason grabbed his bat and gym bag, but I insisted I was alright—he knew I was—and told him to stay. Even so, he walked me out to my car.
"I really am sorry about being such a jerk."
"I know you are, I just think Matt went a little too far."
"Oh he did—I'll have it out with him when I get back inside. No way is anybody going to treat my girl like some piece of meat."
"Your girl. I like the sound of that."
He kissed me. "It's always going to be that way. You and me—we're forever."
I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him. He shivered. "You're all sweaty, you should go back inside."
"If they make you uncomfortable, you can send the clothes back."
"You don't mean that," I said, slipping in behind the wheel.
"Sure I do. I don't know what I was thinking—there's a lot of pressure—"
"I know. I'll think about it. Thanks for offering."
"Sure. Maybe I'll grow up a little."
"I think you're perfect just the way you are."
"Perfect enough for you to want to keep me this way—say forever?" He patted the roof, closed the door and turned back toward the entrance.
"Love you!" I called after him.
He turned, winked and pointed at me.
I changed when I got home. I figured if my clothes got that kind of reaction from the guys, they would get a similar—in a negative way—reaction from Jason's mom.
* * *
The next morning I decided to tone it down a few notches. Maybe it would be better if I eased into the new Izzy. Truth is—while it was a little embarrassing—I liked the attention. It did however occur to me that too much attention could be a problem. I needed the ability to slip away unnoticed if things got too much. If the way the guys acted last night was any indication of how it would be in school I wasn't going anywhere unnoticed dressed like that. I tamed it down with a pair of skinny jeans and my old V neck blouse.
Jason seemed pleased with my choice although not as excited as he was at the cages. The guys didn't really say or act any different around me. For them it was obviously a step back—that was okay for now. It wasn't until lunch that I got any indication from the girls. Sure, Mrs. Snyder the art teacher said I looked nice, but that was it. I sat with Jason and his friends like usual. Across the aisle from us, Lisa was sitting with her back to me next to Derrick. The girl across from her said something about me, and Lisa glanced over her shoulder.
"Dude," Derrick said, getting up and going to talk to Andy.
Lisa glanced at me again. She turned back to her friend across the table. "So I guess she's probably trying to dress better. I can't say I understand Jason's taste, but hey, at least it looks like she's trying."
Her friend leaned across the table. "Someone should tell her about the tanning salon."
They laughed and the conversation changed to more relevant gossip. It seems Tammy Applegate's father caught her making out with Eric Johnson and he was going to talk to Eric's father. They expected fireworks—the police might even be called.
On the way home I asked Jason how I looked. He said I looked fine, but like in the morning it lacked the enthusiasm I was hoping for. Guess I was going to have to find a middle ground. The one good part, Jason's mom thought I looked nice. I did my homework while they ate, then afterwards, we played Egyptian Rat Screw. With my reflexes I could have easily won, but I had to be careful not to slap the card pile on or under Jason's mother's hand.
I spent a great deal of that night going through my wardrobe. By morning I had it narrowed down to two choices, the skinny jeans and a silk top, or a skirt with stockings. I was pretty sure the jeans option wouldn't get much of a reaction so I went with the skirt—fingers crossed it wasn't too much. The Warrior blue V-neck sweater covered much better than the white blouse and the embroidery at the wrists was a nice accent. The black skirt was the same length as the red one, but there were no landings to worry about, so that wouldn't be an issue. I chose a pair of pattern stockings, high heels—although not the spiky ones—and a silver necklace to complete the look. The long sleeves and the pattern on the stockings covered my skin adequately so I didn't need to worry about the sun. Even so, I decided to put on my coat before I left the room—no need to antagonize Jason's mother.
Jason's curiosity was definitely peaked. He finished breakfast quickly and ushered me out to his Jeep, and on the ride to school he kept glancing down at my legs. I was eager to show off what I'd put together.
"Now that's what I'm talking about," Jason said. He had his arm around me before I even hung up my coat.
"I thought you might like it."
"Mind if we head up front to meet Alex and Matt?"
"No, that should be fun."
Jason's pace up the hall was more a stroll than a walk. I think he was enjoying the attention as much as I.
"What are you looking at?" A girl said to the boy she was walking with—slapping his shoulder at the same time.
"What?" The boy complained.
"Nice," Joe said, as he rolled around us, headed the other way.
Jason was beaming, and I think I was too. As luck would have it, a bus was unloading as we reached the foyer. The double takes and whistles were great.
"I guess the girls are just noticing you?" I said.
"Right." Jason squeezed me. He hesitated, but then leaned down and kissed me.
"Augh hum." Someone cleared their throat. "That's not appropriate."
"Sorry," I said pulling away from Jason. "Ms. Moore!"
"Miss Faulkner?"
"I've been meaning to stop by your office—I've just been so busy with—"
She glanced down at her watch. "Why don't we take a few minutes now."
"I'm sorry," Jason mouthed silently.
"You'll wait for me?" I asked.
"Absolutely."
"The same goes for you Mr. Whitaker. I'm surprised, I thought you would have shown Miss Faulkner a little more respect." Ms. Moore led me to her office and then closed the door behind us. "You can put your books on the corner of my desk."
"Okay." I complied, a little confused.
"Stand straight and put your arms by your sides."
I did as she said.
Ms. Moore looked surprised. "You're aware there is a school dress code?"
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Your dress must be below your finger tips. Preferably a few inches longer."
"I didn't know that." I reached my hand down my side and could barely reach the hem.
"Yes, I know your dress meets the letter of the rule. Your sweater—although cut lower than I would like—also meets the requirements. No exposed undergarments."
"I was just trying to fit in. I didn't mean to break any rules."
"Have a seat." She waited until I sat down and then motioned toward my skirt. "A few inches would be a good thing."
I hadn't really thought about sitting down, but her point was obvious. I tugged at the hem as she sat down in the chair next to me.
"How have you been?" Her tone was more congenial.
"Good."
"I was hoping for a little more than that."
"Well, I'm doing well in my classes and trying to fit in like you said."
Her brow rose momentarily. "I suppose you missed a little on the conservative side the first time—"
"You know about that?"
She winked. "And I think we agree you missed a little on the risqué side this time, but you're getting close."
"Really?"
"Bring that neckline up a little and take the hemline down and I think you'll have it."
"Thanks."
"You're a beautiful young lady, Izzy. The boy's are only human, give them a chance, they are easily distracted." She got up. "Save the kissing for a more appropriate place, and don't forget to drop by, my door is always open."
Jason was waiting outside the office. "Man, I'm so sorry." He reached to put his arm around me, but I caught his hand and pressed it down to my side.
"How about we just hold hands, for now."
"Sure, that works."
I noticed Ms. Moore's smile from the door as we started down the hall. Jason continued to apologize until we were around the corner and Matt whistled.
"Hey, guys," Jason said, dropping my hand to wrap his arm around me.
"Dang girl," Matt said. "Looks like this is a permanent thing."
"Doesn't she look great?" Jason bragged.
"I'd say."
The rest of the day went pretty much like that—gawks and whistles from the guys and under the breath snide comments from the girls. It kind of looked like you couldn't really fit in with both. With the girls you were either invisible or competition, and with the guys, invisible or eye candy.

Chapter 16
The rest of January flew by and before I knew it, we were halfway through February. Things were good at school and I learned that the girl's gossip about me was actually a good thing; it meant I was relevant. It was late February when I began to notice that Jason treated me different at home and at school—it was kind of opposite of the way it had been. At school—despite several warnings from Ms. Moore—he hung all over me, but away from school he was always too busy, either with homework or hanging out with the guys. To be honest, I was beginning to feel a little like an accessory.
"Let's do something tonight," I said as Jason and I walked out to his car after school.
"Augh, I don't know."
"You're not going to the batting cages again?"
"Tryouts start next week—I need all the swings I can get."
"What about me?"
He stared at my eyes momentarily. "Don't you have to like hunt or something?"
"Seriously!" I stopped abruptly.
"What?"
"I forgot my Algebra book."
"I could ride with Alex—leave you the Jeep if you want."
I glared. "I'll be fine."
"Yeah, you will."
I stomped back to the school. When I got to my locker, Lisa and one of her cheerleader friends were standing by the girl's locker. They glanced up at me and then continued their conversation in whispers.
"Yeah, Tammy and Eric are so over," Lisa said. "I told you, as soon as Eric wasn't getting any—"
"But I thought after they got caught—and Tammy's father forbid her—"
"Oh sure, the sneaking around made it exciting for awhile, but when Tammy crossed her legs, it was over."
"It's so like a guy—why'd she do it, I thought she really liked him?"
"Who knows, it's not like Eric was the first."
"No way!"
I turned away as they glanced toward me.
"I think she has her slutty little sights on Jason," Lisa said, her tone turning devious.
"No way she gets him away from the Emo gone runway."
"I don't know, you notice how they're not so attached anymore?"
"They look pretty attached to me—he hangs all over her."
"I know right—pathetic, but it definitely says to me that she's not putting out—that hanging is begging."
The girl thought for a moment. "Or, she's been putting out and he's tired of it—she is shacking up at his place."
"I'll give them till the end of the school year and he'll be finished with her." Lisa said. "Besides, I have my eye on him for senior year. Don't you think we'd make a perfect homecoming king and queen? You know, quarterback and cheer captain."
"But I thought you and Jason were just friends."
"I hate to admit it, but no way I was going to get him away from her last semester—some kind of fatal attraction—but friends keeps him close. Once he gets tired of her, he's all mine."
"Yeah, I could see that. Guys are so shallow."
They giggled when I slammed my locker, like they knew I was listening. I went to the Faulkner house instead of Jason's. He was right, I needed to hunt and listening to Lisa and her friend just added to the anger I was feeling over our little spat. I still had some clothes upstairs, so I changed before heading out—no need to ruin one of my nicer outfits.
The hunt took me further than normal—the relatively harsh winter had driven the deer deeper into the woods in search of food. It took two kills to quench my thirst because both animals were so anemic. Hunting never failed to remind me of what I was. Sure, I could pretend to be human—dress in nice clothes—look sexy even, but I was a predator. Maybe I wasn't as bad as other's of my kind—the ones that fed on humans, but I was still a monster. Even though they were always in my thoughts, this was also the time I thought the most about my family. I hoped they were alright, even prayed although I wasn't sure that was appropriate. It had been more than two months without a word.
As I disposed of the last carcass, I noticed I wasn't far from Melanie's cabin and the tranquil pool that got me through adjusting to Jason. I decided to check it out—see if it still had it's magic. When I got there, the first thing I noticed was the water was frozen—duh, it was winter. Of course the vegetation was gone too. It was no different than any other bend in the creek. I sat down on the ice near the rock wall where ice sickles that hung like daggers had replaced the gentle waterfall.
Were guys really like Lisa and her friend said? Is that why Jason picked out the clothes he did? I was just some kind of pretty bobble and the shine had worn off because we weren't having sex? The idea seemed ridiculous. Jason had driven all the way across country to save me from myself and then just a week later taken me to Georgia to help me make things right with the Faulkners. No way he did all that to get into my pants. We had an understanding that went beyond mere physical contact. He knew—we both knew the potential consequences if we went too far. Still he was human, and despite the myths about vampires being cold, heartless creatures, the super senses were not confined to just strength and speed—emotions—urges, my butterflies, were every bit as powerful. It was just as difficult—if not more so—for me to resist my urges as it was for Jason.
I got up and walked across the ice to the frozen sand on the opposite side. As I stepped off the ice, a huge ice sickle fell from the wall shattering into a million pieces. Was Lisa right? Was our relationship falling from what had been so perfect to shatter into a million pieces? I couldn't—I wouldn't survive it.
It was late when I got to Jason's. I lingered outside to make sure his mom wasn't around and when I was positive she was upstairs I slipped inside and went directly to my room. Maybe half an hour later, Jason came downstairs. He fumbled around in the kitchen for a little while, but eventually went back upstairs.
The next morning he didn't speak to me, even on the ride to school. He still walked me to classes, but he was less than enthusiastic. Like the rest of the day, the ride home was silent. Jason dropped me off and went to the batting cages again. His mom wasn't home, so I changed into my favorite sweats and watched television.
Jason and his mom got home about the same time later that evening. Jason went upstairs to shower while his mom started dinner. They were going to have soup again so I agreed to join them.
"Izzy, is there something wrong?" Mrs. Whitaker said.
"Wrong?" I muted the T.V. and twisted around on the sofa. "What do you mean?"
She glanced back at the stove and then walked over to the edge of the family room. "The last few days—well you seem very melancholy."
"Ah—well—I—uh—"
"It's just that when you're not happy I can tell it affects Jason. Perhaps it's that time of the month?" She blushed slightly. "I have some medicine that—"
"Yeah, it's always bad when it first starts." I covered, realizing what she meant. "I'll be alright."
Her eyes tightened, suspiciously. "Are you sure there's nothing else?"
I got up from the sofa. "Thanks for reminding me, I'm running low, I should probably run to the store. I'll grab something to eat while I'm out. Tell Jason I'm sorry."
"Alright." She turned and walked back to the stove.
Okay, so that was totally embarrassing. His mom thinks I'm a moody—that time of the month—beyotch. Great.
Jason and his mom were both still at the table when I returned. Jason eyed the semi transparent, plastic shopping bag as I walked toward them. "Seriously?"
"Cute," I continued past him toward my room.
"Jason!" His mother scolded. "You should be ashamed of yourself. Apologize this instant."
I hesitated at the edge of the family room.
"Sure, whatever." He half waved over his shoulder without turning to look at me.
His 'seriously' comment was actually funny, but the 'whatever' one hurt. "You should take another shower," I fired back. "You still smell."
"What'd you say?" He spun off the chair, sending it clattering across the floor.
"You're being a jerk," I stepped toward him aggressively.
"Yeah—well you're a freakin' prude." He puffed his chest at me.
That hurt—hurt a lot. To Jason's right, his mother's face had turned ashen.
"Ya dumb, jock!" I snarled. The rest happened so fast.
"Jason!" His mother screamed as he lunged at me.
I could have easily deflected his body away from me, or just stood there like a statue and let him crumble to the ground at my feet. I was so angry, for an instant I thought about throwing him through the wall—he knew I could do all of that, so what was with the attack? Why was he so angry? Why was I so angry? I stepped back, more or less just catching him, to make it look good.
"Oh my God!" His mother screamed as we crashed to the floor. Tampons rolled in every direction.
The look on Jason's face was—well, total shock—total what did I just do?—total I'm such a freakin' idiot shock. He pushed up to his knees, looked down at the scattered Tampons and started laughing—his defense mechanism.
"What in the world?" His mother grabbed him by the shoulder, pulling him away from me, and then stepped between us. She glanced over her shoulder at me. "Are you hurt?"
Calm, Izzy. Calm, Izzy. I was repeating over and over in my head, trying to rein in my anger. Jason's scent, laced with anger was over the top—his mother's didn't help matters. I had not experienced thirst of this intensity for months.
"Izzy! Are you alright?" Jason's mother repeated.
I slid away from them and grabbed a few Tampons to make it look good. "I'm sorry."
"Don't worry about those," Jason's mom said, "I'll take care of it."
Jason stood as I did. His pale expression was so pained—he was in shock.
"You stay put!" his mother warned.
"I'm fine, Mrs. Whitaker. I'm sorry."
She was staring at Jason now. "Nonsense, this wasn't your fault, Izzy."
"Do you want me to go?"
"Go?" She seemed surprised by the question. "We'll talk later."
I backed away from Jason's pleading gaze. We would have to figure this one out, but now definitely wasn't the time. I paused at the door to my room. "I'm sorry," I repeated and then slipped inside and closed the door behind me. I wasted no time escaping to the outdoors.
Later, when I returned to my room, Jason and his mother were talking quietly in the kitchen. I had to press my ear against the door because even Jason was trying to keep his voice down.
"No, Mom, that's not—capital letters NOT—what I want." His voice crept louder. "Don't you get it, Izzy and I belong together."
"Keep your voice down. I'm not saying you can't see each other," she sighed. "Jason, it seems to me that you've forgotten what's important. When your father was still with us all you two could talk about was high school, then college—football—"
"Mom, Mom, did you ever stop to think those were things Dad wanted? Listen, I'm not saying that those things don't matter to me, I'm just saying that maybe there not the most important."
A chair squeaked across the floor.
"Jason, I'm just trying to look out for your best interests."
"Mine, or yours? All I'm saying is if Izzy goes, I go."
"Jason, can't you see she's not—"
"Don't! Don't even think it." He stomped up the stairs and slammed his bedroom door.
I waited until I was sure he wasn't coming back before I opened my bedroom door.
"Ah!" Mrs. Whitaker shrieked. She was standing just outside the door.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."
"No, of course not." She looked embarrassed—flustered.
I took a deep breath. She glanced over my shoulder, obviously noticing the open French doors. I stepped into the family room and closed the door behind me. She retreated, almost like she was afraid.
"I think we both know what has to happen," I started.
"I'm not sure what you mean."
"Please, I know how you feel about me. You think I'm not good for Jason and—"
"I don't—"
"I agree with you." That surprised her. "I think I've known it from the start, but your son—well, he's irresistible, and then after what happened, we kind of became the talk of the school. I think if I left him, he'd be laughed at, you know can't even keep the Emo girl. I can't do that to him."
She thought for a moment and then proceeded carefully. "Well, I guess it's good to know we both have Jason's best interests at heart, but I don't think you realize the power you have over him."
I turned away to hide my face. She didn't realize the power her son had over me.
"I suppose the issue then is what are we going to do about it?" she continued.
"Jason's pulling away—you've seen that. I think that's what tonight was all about. It will be baseball season in another week and he'll be busy. By the time the season's over he'll have forgotten all about me and I can go back to my family. Don't you see, it's the best way for everyone."
"Will you be able to find them?"
"I'm sure, if I try." I remembered the story Jason told her. "Actually, I can probably just go down to the police station and they'll make it all happen."
It was clear Jason's mom didn't know what to say. Sure, she probably doubted what I said would be so easy—she was right, but what was she going to do?
"You're a nice girl—I want you to know I don't dislike you—it's just, well, I'm not sure you're good for each other."
"Like a fatal attraction."
Her face went blank.
"It was a joke—like the movie title."
She forced a smile and then walked away stopping in the kitchen to turn off the lights before going upstairs.
* * *
Jason came down the next morning, but I stayed in my room. I was afraid to see him, not because I thought he was going to physically hurt me—he'd hurt me more than he knew last night—but because I had no idea what to say or do when I did. From behind my bedroom door, I glanced at the alarm clock. It was late. He was obviously waiting for me. Finally it was quiet. He must have realized I wasn't going to school with him.
I slowly pulled back the door and stared out into the dark room. Jason was standing across the kitchen by the backdoor. There was this sickening, sadness when our eyes met. We stood there locked in one another's gaze for an uncomfortable moment. He took a step toward me, but even across the room, I stepped back. He held his palms out toward me and slowly walked to the edge of the kitchen.
"Don't skip school because of me. I'll leave you alone. I promise."
"But—"
"No, we just need a little time—you know to chill—we'll be fine." It sounded more like he was trying to convince himself than me.
I hesitated, not knowing whether to agree or not.
"I'm headed over to the batting cages with the guys after school so you don't have to worry about it looking weird that you drive yourself. Come on Izzy. I know you're disappointed in me—heck I'm disappointed in me, but you need to go to school, to be around people." He glanced at the clock on the wall. "I'll see you later, then."
When he was gone, I changed into a very modest pair of black jeans and a pullover sweatshirt and then drove to school. By driving, I was a few minutes late, which was a good thing. I got a note from the office by saying I had car trouble and then went to my first period class. The first half of the day was just like any other day except Jason didn't walk me to class. I didn't even see him. Surprisingly, no one seemed to notice, or care.
Jason didn't show up for lunch, which solved the problem of do we, or don't we sit together. Both options posed their own set of problems. Lisa, Tammy and a few of the cheer girls were sitting near my table—the old table where Cathy and I used to eat alone.
"Did you hear?" Lisa said.
"Oh yeah, everyone's talking about it. He didn't walk her to classes this morning." Tammy said like it was old news.
So much for no one noticing.
"And look how she's dressed," one of the girls with them said.
"That definitely says, I'm not giving it up." Tammy snickered.
"I told you," Lisa boasted. "Once she locked her knees it was over. It's always the same."
"Oh, it is so over."
"I'm not surprised—I mean she's such a fake. Emo gone runway? I don't think so." They all giggled.
"Do you think his mother will throw her out? You know she's staying with them."
"Like, yeah, everyone knows that."
"Yeah, like what was up with that?" Lisa said.
"Matt told me she lived over off of Reno Road somewhere," Tammy said. "We should TP her house."
"Hello, she's at Jason's."
"Oh, right. Hey, you don't think like they're both virgins? No way, right?"
Lisa laughed. "She definitely is, but if he wants to be the big quarterback stud next year—"
Their laughs fell silent when I looked up.
After lunch, I noticed the sideways glances and giggles when I walked past a group of girls—alone. It had been easier when I was doing the Emo thing with Cathy. Sure, we were left alone, but that was the point, how it was supposed to be. Now, however, after trying to fit in, I was just an outsider—the fake girl that nobody liked. We were halfway through the semester and I never realized that I was always with Jason. Not even the girls in Latin talked to me anymore since I turned 'runway' as Lisa put it. To them, it probably looked like I was trying to distance myself from the Plain Jane girls like them. Since Cathy wasn't in school this semester, I didn't have her to talk with either. I thought about Melanie—I could always talk to Melanie, and until the problem in Georgia, it looked like I was going to forge a better relationship with Elizabeth. With them gone, neither was possible.
When the final bell rang, I gathered my books and headed for the car, but not before a stop at my locker.
"A virgin?" A girl I didn't know gawked to her friend. "No way, my brother says all those Emo types are crack whores."
"Shut up," the other girl replied. "That explains why her skin looks so weird—you know like pale one day and kind of splotchy the next. I bet it's when she's strung out."
I did a U turn and went straight to the parking lot. 
Lisa was getting in her car when I got to mine. She glanced at me with an evaluating curiosity and then nodded. "So over." Her door closed, the car started and she drove away without so much as another glance.
I couldn't help myself and looked across the parking lot for Jason's Jeep. It was parked over near the gym. I wondered if he was facing the same ridicule. Were the guys teasing him about not being able to hold on to the ex-Emo girl? Were they laughing at him like they did Eric Johnson? Try as I might, I couldn't figure out what had gone wrong.

Chapter 17
When I got home, I headed straight for my room and then a long hot shower to forget all the craziness from school. Mrs. Whitaker wasn't home, and wouldn't be until after nine o'clock according to the note she'd left Jason on the kitchen table. I felt a twinge of panic when I considered the possibility that she had gone to the police to try and locate the Faulkners. It did however, seem doubtful since she was in full protect Jason mode and he had made it very clear that if I left, so would he.
I'm not exactly sure how long I was standing there, letting the water cascade over me like I did back when my tranquil, pool in the creek was my safety zone, when Jason's Jeep pulled into the driveway. I toweled off and slipped into a pair of linen shorts and top. I'd grown found of the way the coarse fabric felt against my smooth marble skin. By the time I opened my door, I caught just a glimpse of Jason's feet on the top step. A few minutes later, the shower came on. I was calm, relaxed, not a hint of thirst so I decided to wait for him. With his mother away, maybe we could talk things out. I flipped on the television and plopped down on the sofa.
The shower upstairs shut off abruptly making the water pipes in the wall bang. "Freakin' great!" Jason grumbled. The bathroom door opened. "Izzy!"
I hopped up as he started down the stairs. This couldn't be happening again—he was definitely angry.
"Did you take a shower—" He stopped as soon as he saw me—a smile filling his face. He jumped down the last few steps almost losing his towel in the process. He was just standing there, gripping the knot at his waist, dripping and just smiling.
"What?" I finally said.
"I uh, don't remember those, something new?"
"No."
"The uh, washed out blue suits you."
I was pretty sure he was blushing. "Did I do something wrong?"
"No, cold shower's good." He started back up the stairs.
"Your mother won't be home until—"
"Got it." His towel dropped when all that was visible was from his knees down. "Saw the note." The bathroom door closed and the shower came back on.
As I turned to sit, I noticed I'd been standing in front of the television screen. I glanced down at my shorts and although the fabric was thin, it was opaque. It wasn't until I pulled my shirt to the side and peered down that I realized my body had been silhouetted against the big screen. I guess he was blushing.
His shower was short, the cold could do that to humans, but he lingered in the bathroom. Finally the door opened and his footsteps trailed off to his room.
"Sorry about the hot water," I called up to him.
"No big deal." Jason came bounding down the stairs in a pair of cutoff, grey sweatpants and white knee socks. He wasn't wearing a shirt and the dampness of his skin and hair glistened in the incandescent glow of the kitchen light. "I'm going to grab a sandwich—that okay?"
"Knock your socks off," I joked.
He grabbed the peanut butter from the pantry, the jelly from the frig and then went to the counter next to the sink.
"So how was practice?" I said, getting up. I couldn't see him from the sofa, but I sidestepped the television screen.
"Average." He looked up, but frowned.
This was weird, like last night never happened. Maybe the guys had figured out what had him so on edge, but it didn't seem likely. "What do you mean by average?"
"I've never been all that great at baseball—just can't get the hang of hitting, you know."
"Would you be angry if I made a suggestion?"
"No, why would I be mad?"
"You know, it makes you feel—"
"What's the suggestion?"
"Okay. So you know when I hit that ball?"
"Sure, what about it?"
"Well, watching the others, I noticed that to the human eye, the ball must look higher than it actually is. Most guys were missing over the ball."
"Okay, I guess I can see that." He dropped the knife in the sink and took a bite of the sandwich.
"Try swinging under the ball."
He put the peanut butter back in the pantry. "Nah, that doesn't work—ya just pop it up."
"No, that's because those guys were swinging up. I'm not saying swing up at the ball. I'm saying a nice level swing under what you see. Not much, just a little."
"Cool, I'll give it a try." He took a swig of milk from the carton and then closed the refrigerator door. When he turned toward me, his brow rose.
I moved to the side realizing I had stepped in front of the television again.
"You want to watch a movie or something?" He stuffed the last bite of his sandwich in his mouth and walked toward me.
I glanced down at what he was wearing, and then the clock. "I don't think that's such a good idea."
He looked back at the clock. "Yeah, I see your point." He stopped and then slid in just inches from me. "You smell great."
"You too," I said cautiously. His closeness brought on a torrent of sensations. His heart was pounding wildly beneath his sculpted chest. There was a medicinal cologne smell, but beyond that distraction his scent was like I'd never experienced before. He had this innocent, almost naive expression on his face.
"The cologne too much?" he whispered easing in slowly and then kissing me on the cheek.
"You don't need it," I said.
His lips fell to my neck. My nostrils flared and I inhaled deeply—big mistake. There was a momentary fire in my throat, but the warm, intense feeling in my abdomen took control. Fire—not thirst—swelled up inside me radiating down my arms and legs. His lips found my earlobe and nibbled gently.
"Jason," I half warned, leaning back and rolling my head from side-to-side.
His hands slid up the back of my neck and tilted my head back, bringing my lips to his. Our lips locked together in a passionate kiss.
Somewhere deep inside, a tiny voice was crying, 'No Jason, No Jason,' but I wasn't listening, I wanted more. I wrapped my arms around him, his bare skin scorching my arms. I traced the outline of his shoulders, the bullet wound, until my hands were at the back of his neck and I pressed his lips even tighter against mine.
Jason forced his tongue into my mouth and exhaled deeply—perhaps a sigh.
I broke off the kiss—afraid I might kill him in that instant. The churning fire deep inside was surging, pulsing—my ability to control it fading in the passion of the moment.
Jason's hands slipped under my top and he clenched my sides, sliding his hands to my back. I made a futile attempt to pull away, but he moved with me.
I pressed my head against his shoulder. "Jason," I warned, realizing he wanted more—the more—the more we'd talked about—the more that could never happen. "Stop."
His hands slid up my back until he grasped my shoulders. He pressed his abdomen against mine.
"No," I protested, but pulled him tighter against me, gripping his muscular back.
He buried his mouth into the nape of my neck, panting furiously. His hands shot down my back, beyond the string tie of my shorts and grasped my cheeks.
"Ahh!" he grimaced, his teeth scraping against my neck.
Then, I smelled it, blood! Jason's blood. I pulled him even tighter, but held up one hand out in front of my face. It was then I saw the blood from his back trickling down from my fingertips. My razor, sharp fingernails had pierced his skin. I jerked my other hand away from him.
"No!" he cried. "Don't stop."
I tried, but I couldn't stop my hand from slowly rising to my face as a tiny streak of blood wound its way through the creases around my knuckles. In a struggle as old as my kind, I fought to resist, but I could not. Jason's blood touched my lips with a splendor beyond description. I hesitated, letting the ecstasy spread though my body.
"We both want this," Jason panted. He pulled my hips toward his.
I shook my head, trying desperately to break the trance. Mustering all the resolve I had, in one fluid motion, I brought my hands to his chest and pushed. Jason went flying into the back of the sofa. It flipped over from the impact sending him sprawling across the floor into the wall.
"No!" he screamed. "We want this!" He hopped up and rushed toward me.
I was standing there, trembling, hypnotized by the blood running down my fingers.
Jason put one foot on the back of the sofa and the other hit the upright bottom in midstride. The sofa rocked forward launching him toward me. Without thinking—acting on reflexes alone—I caught him in mid air and threw him over my shoulder. Simultaneously, there was shattering glass, the air rushing out of Jason's lungs from the impact and a blood curdling scream from the kitchen as the room suddenly went black. I looked back toward the kitchen at the silhouette of a woman. I froze, still trying to regain control, but the bliss that radiated within my body was gone—replaced with only thirst and rage.
An even more intense scent of blood crossed my nostrils and I inhaled deeply. Instinct drew me toward the source—toward Jason. I leaned over his crumbled body lying amid the pieces of the shattered big screen.
The lights suddenly came on followed immediately by another scream. I wheeled around.
"What are you!" Jason's mother gasped. She staggered, grasping at the wall and then collapsed. 
I caught her, before she hit the floor and gently laid her down. I stood and looked back toward Jason's crumpled body—he would need medical attention. Jason's mom gasped. I knelt down by her side and grasping the cord, drug the phone across the floor. I could hear the dial tone so I pressed 9—1—1.

Chapter 18 Jason
A dull pain slowly began to build throughout my body, most noticeable in my back. I could perceive a faint glow beyond my eyelids, but I had no desire to open my eyes. Each shallow breath brought more pain. I could hear a beeping noise—steady, like a pulse. Beyond that, muffled footsteps and voices I couldn't comprehend. Two pair of footsteps approached from the muddle of distant sound. Hard soled shoes, not boots—leather—maybe cops, I surmised.
"Looks like he's still out," one of them said.
Another set of footsteps—softer—approached.
"You the kid's doctor?"
"I am Doctor Chaudhry. What can I do for you Officers?"
"I'm, uh, Officer Burns, this here's my partner Officer Grotzky. We were hoping to get a statement, but it looks like the kid's still out."
"I'm afraid so. He lost quite a bit of blood—it may take awhile." The doctor sounded annoyed.
"What about his old lady?"
"His mother," the doctor enunciated the word, "is in the ICU. I don't think she'll be making a statement anytime soon."
"Sure, okay, thanks Doc," Officer Burns said to the fleeing footsteps. "So what do you think? Should we hang around?"
"Don't see why not, nothing else going on, heck I'm in no hurry to go back out in the cold."
Wooden chair legs screeched across the floor and then the vinyl cushions groaned as the two sat. It was quiet for a few minutes and then I smelled stale coffee.
"This is a strange one don't you think? I mean had to be some perp to throw this kid through the T.V."
The frame at the foot of my bed rattled. "Jason Whitaker. Hey, isn't this the kid they brought down to the station back in the fall?"
"Whitaker. Sure, that's right, the quarterback—what was his name—Derrick, Derrick Curly, that's it—yeah, he was taped to the goal posts and the Whitaker kid was at the scene. We had to let him go though, he alibied out."
"Doesn't mean he didn't do it. You think maybe this Derrick kid has it out for him?"
"Nah, he's still in a cast."
"Friends?"
"I doubt it. Those kids are mostly mouth and I can't see any of them breaking and entering—a fight at school, maybe, but not this." Officer Burns slurped his coffee.
"Had to be a pretty strong son of a gun to toss the kid like that. You know the weirdest thing though was the way they found his mother."
"You mean the blanket wrapped around her?"
"It was more than just that. The paramedics said her lips were ice cold like maybe she'd been outside, and someone had to have been giving her CPR or she would have been dead by the time they got there."
"Okay, so who tosses a kid and then gives his old lady CPR?"
"Try this on for size. Someone breaks in while Jason here is playing a video game—he doesn't hear the guy and the burglar surprises him. They fight, Jason gets tossed and the burglar flees the scene except he runs into the mother on his way out. She has a heart attack. He's a repeat offender and doesn't want a life on his hands in case he gets caught so he calls 911 and gives the woman CPR."
"That's a stretch."
"Could happen. Let's see what's on the tube."
The glow behind my eyelids brightened with a flickering light and I could hear the news—the channel flipped several times—and then laughing from the television. I drifted in and out of consciousness several times each time the pain in my back grew worse. Finally I'd had enough and I forced a weak groan.
"Hey, I think he's coming around.," Officer Burns said. The television went off. "Better let the doc know."
"Right." Officer Grotzky's footsteps raced out of the room.
"Hey, kid, how do you feel?"
I groaned again, too weak to speak.
"Hey, don't worry kid, Doc's on his way."
"Officers," Doctor Chaudhry acknowledged them. "Jason, Jason can you hear me?"
"Yeah," I managed.
"Keep still. You've had a bit of an accident and you lost a lot of blood."
"Why am I laying on my face?"
"You have some cuts on your back—a few needed stitches—how does your head feel?"
"Like crap."
"You have a mild concussion—nothing to worry about, you're going to be just fine."
"What about Mom?"
"She's a lucky woman, your mother, if the paramedics hadn't gotten there when they did—well she's going to be fine, just needs a few days in the hospital."
"And Izzy?"
"Izzy?" Doctor Chaudhry puzzled.
"Who's Izzy?" Officer Grotzky asked.
Crap, now I've done it. 'Be on the lookout—Izzy Faulkner—vampire—last seen tossing her idiot boyfriend through the T.V.—fanged and dangerous, that is all.'
"Jason, who's Izzy?"
"What day is it?" I stalled, trying to think of something plausible.
"Wednesday."
"Oh, okay, doesn't matter then."
"Why don't you let us decide if it matters? Who is she?"
"My girlfriend. She was staying with us, but she went back to Georgia on Tuesday."
"So she wasn't at the house?"
"Right—not there." I groaned.
"That's enough for now, Officers," Doctor Chaudhry interrupted. "He needs to rest."
"Sure. Thanks kid, we'll see you tomorrow."
I closed my eyes as their footsteps trailed off toward the door.
"You think one of us should stay here?" Officer Grotzky said.
"The hospital has security. I'm sure he'll be fine," Doctor Chaudhry said.
"So Doc, those injuries to his back, what made them—some kind of animal trap?"
"We didn't find anything like that at the scene," Officer Burns added.
"That was my initial thought," Doctor Chaudhry said, "but the instrument was much sharper than any trap wounds I've ever seen. If I didn't know better I'd say they were fingernails, but the wounds were to deep, too clean, almost surgical in nature. I'm afraid I haven't a clue."
"Umph, darndest thing."
Not sure, but I think I drifted off again.
"Jason!" A loud female voice announced. "You asleep?"
If I was, I wasn't now.
"I'm Nurse Holland—like in the Netherlands. Where does it hurt?"
"Back," I groaned. "Ribs—and my freakin' head."
"Sorry about the ribs, we had to lay you on stomach to tend to the cuts—your ribs are bruised—nothing serious, but I'm sure they must be tender."
I felt her hands on my back.
"I'm going to change your dressings and see how those cuts are doing. This might sting a little."
"Jeez!" I grimaced, opening my eyes for the first time when she ripped back the bandages.
"Sorry about that. Oh my—"
"Something wrong?"
"No, no, those nasty cuts—the deep ones—are healing very quickly. I don't think I've seen anything quite like it."
"That's good, right?"
"Yes, I think we might be able to remove the stitches before we send you home."
"Is that what itches?"
"I don't think they'll even leave a scar. Why don't we try rolling you over on your side?"
I had nurse Holland roll me over on my left side, since it was my right ribs that hurt. That left me facing the wall, but she spun the bed around.
"You need something for the pain?"
"Nah," I gasped.
"Now, now, no need to be brave, nobody will know." She fumbled with the I.V. machine and I immediately felt the pain subside. "You get some rest, I'll be back in to see you later."
"What about my mom?"
"Oh, yes, I almost forgot. She's awake, breathing on her own. They're still waiting for a few of the test results, but I think she's out of the woods."
'Out of the woods,' resonated in my aching head. Was Izzy back in the woods? I think I recall the officers saying she wasn't at the house when they got there. Okay, so I guess that made sense, she wouldn't want to be around and deal with a lot of questions, not to mention a possible trip to the hospital. So where was she? She wouldn't run—not over this, it was just one of those heat of the moment things. We could talk it out. I groaned as I tried to sit up.
"Hold on there a minute, you're not going anywhere." Strong hands—much stronger than her voice indicated—grabbed my side. "That's it, lye back down."
"Guess I'm not quite ready for a road trip."
"We're going to keep you overnight—just for observation—and then we'll see how you're doing in the morning."
"And Mom?"
"She'll be a few days longer. We'll work it all out tomorrow, you get some rest."
I swear she must have given me more painkiller because I couldn't keep my eyes open.
The pain eventually returned—not really sure how many hours later. It was dark, only the florescent night-light lit the room. I thought about buzzing for some more pain meds, but decided to wait it out. It was difficult to put the evening in perspective. First, I could remember Izzy in her shorts—who could forget that—especially when she was in front of the television. Mom was out for the evening, or at least she was supposed to be, but after that, things were fuzzy. The big night, me and Izzy, we'd talked about it, agreed—or maybe not. "Augh." I jumped over the couch at her—I remembered that. What I'd expect her to do? Of course she threw me into the television I was lucky she didn't rip me apart. I forced my eyes open. "Where is she?"
* * *
There were voices outside my room.
"Good morning, Officers," Doctor Chaudhry said.
"How's our patient?"
"I was just going to check on him. If you'll wait a few minutes I'll let you know. Good morning, Jason, how are you feeling?"
"Like a prize fighter."
"Why don't we see if we can get you up?"
My ribs hurt like heck, but I managed to sit up and swing my legs off the side of the bed.
"Any dizziness?"
"No, just a headache."
The doctor shined a bright light in my eyes, looking in one then the other. "Well, I think you're going to be fine. You might be sore for a few days—just take it easy and you should be good as new."
"Can I still tryout for baseball?"
"Let's stay away from live pitching for two weeks as a precaution, but the batting cages should be fine. Make sure you wear a helmet."
"Cool. How's my mom?"
"She's bounced back very nicely. She's been up this morning and already made plans for your aunt to pick you up when you're discharged."
"Can I see her?"
"Tell you what, I'll get Nurse Holland to get your paperwork ready and then take you up to see her. In the meantime, maybe you can speak with Officer Burns."
"Sure, why not."
"I'll leave you to it then."
"Hey, kid. You're lookin' better."
"Thanks."
"Any new thoughts on what happened last night?"
"No, nothing new, just some random guy—"
"So it was a guy?"
"Yeah, I'd like to see the girl who could throw me."
"I saw you play at homecoming—you're pretty tough so I imagine the hombre that threw you was big—what, maybe six foot something—had to be over two hundred pounds, right?"
"That sounds pretty close."
"That's good. White? Black? Hispanic?"
"White I think?"
"You're not sure?"
"No, not really. I didn't see his face anyway, so what's the big deal about his race?"
Officer Burns pushed the nose of his glasses up with the back of his pen. "Your mother has a—shall we say—different story."
"She wasn't even there."
"That's not what she says. She says your girlfriend tossed you—the one you said left for Georgia on Tuesday."
"What? Izzy, no way." I quickly replayed what I could remember. Was the scream from the kitchen—Mom? Did she really see what happened?
"That would be Izzy Faulkner?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, you think all ninety eight pounds of my girlfriend tossed me through the television? Are you serious?"
"Just checkin'." He shrugged.
"Mom wasn't even there, she must have come in after the fight."
"You fought?
"Ah, yeah, we must have. I mean he didn't just sneak up behind me and throw me."
"You're sure?"
"No, I'm not sure. It's like you said, some big, two hundred pound guy snuck up on me."
"Here we are," Nurse Holland said, waltzing into the room. "I've got your paper work."
"You mind? I want to see my mom."
"Sure, I appreciate your help. If you think of anything else, be sure to let us know. Oh, one more thing. I noticed that wound on your shoulder. Is that a gunshot wound? Looks pretty recent, still pink."
"No, of course not."
"Alright then." Officer Burns excused himself.
I don't think I was very convincing, but no way could he believe Izzy threw me through the television. Problem was, Mom might, and apparently with good reason.
"A resident will be in shortly to remove your stitches and then you can get dressed. I'll take you up to see your mother when you're ready."
Must have been an hour before the resident showed up and then all he did was complain that they left the stitches in too long—and how hard that made it to get them out. While he tugged and pulled I couldn't help wonder if all vampire wounds healed so quickly. "Ahhh," I groaned.
"Sorry," the resident said.
"Oh, it wasn't you, just thinking." I could picture Izzy standing there with my blood running down her fingers. Her eyes were locked on it like it was gold or something—then there was the quivers that ran down her arms and spasms that shook her entire body. How could I have been such an idiot? She had every right to kill me right then and there, yet somehow, she resisted. I winced a little as the resident pulled another stitch. The bigger problem—what was I going to tell Mom. Don't assume. I reminded myself. Maybe the police misunderstood. Think plausible deniability—there had to be a thousand explanations for what happened—problem was—I had a pretty good idea of what happened and I wasn't a very good liar. Even if I could fool Mom, there was no pretending I hadn't made the biggest mistake of my life—the fear—how big? I knew Izzy was always careful—guarded around me—I understood that, but what now? What happens when I can't control myself? I thought of what some of the kids at school had been saying—fatal attraction.
"Well, no need for bandages on these. I'll send the nurse in to take you up to see your mom."
"Thanks."
"Not a problem." The attendant rolled his shiny stainless-steel cart out of the room.
Nurse Holland showed up with a wheelchair and insisted I had to use it because of hospital policy. It turned out to be a good thing—Mom's suspicious expression faded immediately when she saw the wheelchair. Nurse Holland parked me next to Mom's bed and left us to talk.
"How do you feel?" I asked, taking Mom's hand.
"Better."
"That's good. The doctor said you had a heart attack."
"Apparently I'm the luckiest woman alive."
"How's that?"
"They said I had a blockage in one of the arteries in my heart and that normally when something like this happens it's fatal—unless you're in the hospital at the time. So whoever, or whatever," she added, "performed CPR, saved my life."
"The police said your skin was cold," I tested, "Like you'd been outside."
"No," she said matter of factly, "I was in the kitchen, but nice try."
"So that means you saw the guy?"
"I did not see 'the guy'." She reached up and pulled my head closer. "But I know what I saw."
Don't assume. I reminded myself. Don't assume.
"I mean really, you're only human."
"Sure," I half gasped. Don't assume. Don't assume. Plausible—plausible—plausible denya—something or other.
"I warned you about her—displaying herself in front of you like that. What did she expect you to do?"
A wave of relief washed over me. "But you told the cops she threw me into the T.V."
"It was her fault you fell. Like I said, what did she expect? After all you did for her." She shook her head with obvious distain.
That wave of relief was quickly replaced with a sinking feeling of guilt. Not even if it meant risking exposure could I let Mom think that way about Izzy.
"It wasn't like that," I said, pulling back from her.
Mom looked surprised. She glanced past me, a hint of recognition in her eyes, as a pair of leather soled shoes approached and stopped just outside the doorway.
"It wasn't Izzy's fault. Did you ever stop to wonder why I was only wearing a pair of cutoff sweats?"
"Jason, we've talked about this, the possible consequences—"
"We didn't—we didn't have sex."
She sighed.
"Izzy and I have boundaries—self imposed boundaries. Last night, well I just got carried away. It was an accident." I wanted to leave it there, but this sudden rush of guilt just poured out. "Everyone at school thought she was pregnant before—that's why she ran away—of course it was mine, why else would I go after her. Everyone just assumed we were doing it, making jokes and sayin' stuff and I just—I just—"
"Gave in to the social pressure."
Behind me, the leather shoes walked away. "Officer Burns?" I surmised.
Mom nodded. "Is she here? You didn't hurt her did you?"
"Not physically." A tear ran down my cheek.
"I'm sorry you felt like you had to bow to what the other kids thought, but you know better, I'm sure she'll understand. You're a handsome young man, surely she encouraged—"
"No, Mom. She's been perfect, abided by our agreement to the letter. That's more than I can say."
"Maybe it's for the best. It was an impossible situation."
"It's not. Remember what I told you when you asked me why I had to go after her?"
"You said you complete each other."
"Nothings changed, that's still true, but—"
She reached up and wiped away the tear. "Maybe Father—"
"The priest? Seriously? This is my fault, I have to fix it if she'll let me."
"I'm sure she'll—" She saw my doubt. "Izzy's still at the house isn't she?"
"No." A voice from behind me answered.
"Madeline?"
"I stopped by the house to pick up a coat for Jason and nobodies there."
"So, she was just out, right?" I asked.
"I'm afraid she's gone."

Chapter 19
Mom insisted Aunt Madd take me out for something to eat, but we returned for evening visiting hours. We didn't get to talk much because so many or the church women came by. There were all sorts of thanks and prayers for a speedy recovery and God's miracle that saved her. I wondered if there was ever a prayer said asking to bring back your vampire girlfriend—probably not.
Despite my objections, Aunt Madd insisted on staying when we got home. She stayed in Izzy's room, downstairs. That had a profound sadness—finality associated with it, like Izzy had just been passing through. It was warm for late February—by East Coast standards, but raining—more of a mist really. I peered out through my bedroom window and wondered how many nights I had spent doing the same thing back in Forks, watching, waiting, and hoping I would see Izzy. This time was different though; this time her absence was my fault. For all I knew she could be hundreds of miles away, sorry she'd ever even heard of me. I'd done the worst thing I could ever do—exposed the most primal part or her, the part she worked so hard to control, the part she hated. I thought about driving to Georgia, but knew they wouldn't be there. Truth is, I had no idea where to look for her—for the Faulkners—and so I couldn't. I was left with my newfound belief in God to just pray.
I didn't go to school the next day. I could have, but I really didn't want to face the questions and insinuations. Alex came by when school let out, but he seemed to realize I didn't want to talk about what happened so he didn't stay long. Before he left, he reminded me that baseball tryouts started Saturday.
Aunt Madd and I drove to the hospital separately in the evening. It took some work, but I got her to agree that I didn't need a babysitter and the hospital was on the way to her house. We decided not to tell Mom so she wouldn't worry. I stopped to ask the nurses how she was doing while Aunt Madd went on ahead. It was all happy sounds, but I didn't get the same reception a few minutes later.
"What's wrong?" Mom said when I walked in the room. Moms had a way of knowing stuff about their kids.
"Nothing, I'm good." I forced a smile and noticed the T.V. was on. "What are you watching?"
"One of the ladies from church had the evening news on." Mom shot the remote at the T.V. and the room fell quiet. "Have you talked with Izzy?"
Aunt Madd got up from the chair next to the bed. "If you don't mind, I'd like to go see the nursery?" She didn't wait for an answer and left quickly.
"Did she come by the house? Did you call her?"
"No, Mom." I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes; this was going to be embarrassing.
"Well, good news, Nancy," a nurse announced as she walked into the room. "Looks like they're going to spring you tomorrow."
I retreated to the window to hide my face. "That's great," I said to the glass.
"Well, I just thought y'all'd like to know—so you can make plans." Her footsteps faded out the doorway.
"Come sit down, Jason."
The vinyl groaned as I plopped down in the chair next to her bed. "What the hell." I burst into tears.
"There, there," Mom comforted. "I'm sure it's not as bad as you think."
"She's gone, Mom. She's really gone. This isn't like she's trying to find herself—she's gone because of me and there's nothing I can do about it."
"Izzy's a smart girl, I'm sure she doesn't blame you."
"You don't understand."
"I know you expect me to have some kind of answer, but I don't know what I can do. Maybe if your father—"
"Right!" I jumped up, sending the chair scraping across the floor. "He'd be mad as hell, wondering why I was crying like a freakin' girl. 'Get out there and find another one', right?"
The nurse poked her head in to make sure everything was alright.
"You just need to give it some time. I know you don't feel God's presence like I do, but it never hurts to pray."
I slumped back into the chair. "You want me to just pretend it never happened?"
"No, or course not. Just go through your everyday routine. Life doesn't stop, and if you just put one foot in front of the other—get on with your life, possibilities will present themselves. That's all I'm saying."
"You think I should go out for baseball?"
"You like sports. You're good at them. I'm sure that will keep you busy."
"I can't let this go, Mom—I'm not going to forget her."
She patted my cheek. "I know—just give it some time." She thought for a moment. "Finish out the school year and if you haven't heard from her by summer, I'm sure the police will be able to get in touch with her."
"Mom, it's not that simple—" What, I'm going to tell her the Faulkner's aren't in witness protection, that the police can't help? "—yeah, you're probably right."
Her smile was sincere, but misguided. My life—Izzy's life—our lives weren't so simple.
"So, I should probably come by in the morning to get you," I said.
"Doesn't baseball start tomorrow?"
"Sure, but—"
"I'm sure Madeline won't mind picking me up. You go be with your friends."
"Thanks. Guess I should head home—you sure you don't want me to come get you?"
"No, Madeline won't mind. You go on and get some rest. I'll see you when you get home from practice. You have a note from the doctor?"
"Sure, got it covered." I got up and headed for the door. "You sure—"
"I'll be fine. Good luck with tryouts, I'll see you tomorrow afternoon."
"Thanks, Mom."
I sat in the Jeep for more than half an hour when I got out to the parking lot, just watching the rain droplets form little rivers and run off the hood. Tryout for baseball? Seriously? Sure if Izzy were here it'd be great, but now, what was the point? The point was, Mom was right, I had to do something. I started the engine and headed for the Faulkner's place.
I killed the headlights as I turned off Park Hall Road into the field below the Faulkner's. I hesitated for a moment, not really sure if this was such a bright idea. What if Izzy was here? What if she wasn't? What if the Faulkner's were here, what would they do? "It doesn't matter," I mumbled, slipping the Jeep into first gear and then heading up the two ruts that led up the side of the mountain. When I got to the house I drove around back incase the caretaker was keeping an eye on the place like before. No need to attract any unnecessary attention. The house was dark, but that's what I expected—question now—front door or back?
"Hello?" I probed, slowly opening the backdoor. "Izzy?" It was stupid, but I braced myself for a sudden attack—stupid, because I'd never see it coming. "Hello?"
The view of the main room from the kitchen was eerie, like something out of one of those slasher movies with the furniture still draped with sheets. I stooped down hoping to see footprints in the dust, but it was too dark. Well, I made it this far might as well check upstairs.
Of course the stairs had to creak when I was halfway up the staircase. No way should I be afraid, but my nerves were on pins and needles. The first room on the left looked like it belonged to Izzy, but except for the draped furniture it was empty. I didn't really expect to find her, but I was disappointed just the same. The drapes glowed red with the pulsing tower light from Lambs Knoll. I went to the window, pulled the drapes back and paused like I'd done downstairs to examine the floor. There were footsteps in the dust, but they were old, probably from when Izzy came back to get her clothes.
"What'd you expect, Hollywood?" I whispered. Yep, this was stupid; I knew she wasn't going to be here. I dropped the drape and headed for the door, but I got this sudden feeling like I wasn't alone and turned back. The drapes hadn't completely fallen closed, so a thin beam of red light shown across the room. Dust was swirling in that beam.
"Izzy?" I whispered from the doorway, but there was no reply. "Listen, I'm sorry. I hope you can forgive me. There's no excuse for what I did and I know I don't deserve your forgiveness, but—well—I just wanted you to know how sorry I am. This isn't over—we're not over—we can't be. Well, I'll be here when you're ready." So yeah, I was probably talking to an empty room, but it had to be said, just in case.
* * *
It was raining on Saturday, but that didn't stop Coach from having us run outside. As we ran through the park behind the school, I briefly thought back to the time Izzy and I spent there, and then it came to me, Cathy. Izzy had done that mind thing with Cathy and from what Alex had said about Cathy's ranting, it hadn't completely worked. When we got back to the gym, coach gave us a water break.
"So how's Cathy?" I said to Alex over the neck of my water bottle.
"Better—well a little anyway, why?"
"I know you like her. So you got to visit her at the hospital?"
"No, she's home. Her mother thought it would be okay if I saw her."
"So it went okay, then."
"I guess, she looks half stoned from the meds and she gets confused easily, but she's better than she was."
"No more crazy talk about vampires then I guess."
"Dude," Alex's voice had an edge of anger.
"Sorry." I shrugged. "I didn't mean anything by it."
"Yeah, I know, it's just a sensitive topic, that's all."
"Why? She was just mixed up, right?"
"Yeah, yeah, of course—it's not like there are vampires running around—but the thing is, she really believes it."
"Vampires, you serious?"
Alex nodded.
"So she talked to you about them?"
"Nah, not yesterday, topic was taboo, especially with her mother around—"
"Her mother stayed in the room?"
"She's real protective. Guess you can't blame her, Cathy's been through a lot."
I felt like I was pressing so I changed the subject for a minute. "So she coming back to school?"
"Not this year, but her mom's made arrangements with a tutor so hopefully she'll be a senior with us next year."
"That's cool, hope it works out. So what'd she actually say about—"
"Izzy sick?" Alex cut me off. "I haven't seen her around."
"Yeah, not exactly."
"Ah, dude, you didn't put the moves on her, not Izzy?" Alex took another swig from his water bottle. "Guess it's not like she shouldn't have been expecting it—the way she's been dressing lately and all."
"Nah, this one's all on me."
"Man, that sucks. Guess you and me don't have the best luck with the ladies."
"All right," Coach yelled. "Grab your gloves and let's see who can throw."
It was a typical throwing drill, half of us on one side of the gym, the rest on the other side. After each set of ten throws, we took a step back and started again. For the most part the guys were decent, but there were a couple of freshmen that fired off a few wild ones. Once we finished throwing, Coach had us line up for base running drills.
"So why did you say Cathy believes in vampires?" I asked Alex while we waited our turn.
"Man, give it a rest, we're trying to get past all that."
"Sorry, didn't mean to pry. So you're back together?"
"I think so."
"That's great, if anybody can help her, my money's on you."
"You two care to join us?" Coach yelled.
"Right!" Alex and I answered in unison, and that was that.
I knew Cathy was home, so there was at least a possibility I could talk to her, but the fact that her mother hung around when Alex visited would make it impossible to ask her about her experience with Izzy. Then there was the whole problem of how was I going to keep Izzy's secret if I talked about it with Cathy, not to mention Cathy might not even be able to help. It seemed like all the pieces were there, I just couldn't fit them together.
After we ran bases, Alex went with the guys trying out for pitching and I went with the group trying out for the outfield. We didn't hook up again until practice was over and then it was just to talk about the tryouts.
* * *
The following week we had tryouts everyday after school. Then on Thursday, the big hitting session. The weather had warmed up considerably so we were able to use the field. Everyone knew if you were on the bubble your hitting would be the deciding factor so there was a lot of pressure. I wasn't the worst outfielder, but there were definitely better. Sure, I probably had an edge since I was the quarterback of the football team—and it didn't hurt the coach liked me—still, I needed to perform. Alex was pitching when my turn came around, and he looked pretty good.
"Alright, Whitaker, lets see what you've got," Coach said.
"Right." I stepped into the batters box and tapped the mud out of my cleats with the bat. This wouldn't be as easy as the batting cages, and Alex wasn't going to go easy, he had to make the team too.
"Ready?" Alex yelled from the mound.
I nodded and dug in. If he kept to the same pattern as the last batter, the first pitch would be a fastball low and outside. I whiffed the changeup on the inside corner, fouled off the next two and then watched a high and tight fastball out of the zone. The catcher missed the next one low and in the dirt. I stepped out of the batters box while he chased it down.
"Dude," one of the freshman said from the fence to his friend next to him. "I thought you said this guy was next years varsity quarterback? He sucks. I can hit this guy."
I glanced over at the coach, he was writing something in his binder. I couldn't let it be nice at bat, but struck out. Damn, Izzy, wish I could hit like you did. Wait a minute, what was it she said about hitting? Yeah, yeah, that's it, she said the ball is lower than it appears to the human eye—swing low but level.
"Here we go," Coach said as the catcher tossed the ball back to Alex.
He's going to go outside again. I glanced back at the catcher. Sure enough, Alex's next pitch was just off the corner, but I strode toward the inside of the batters box and took the pitch to deep right field. Out of habit I started down the base path.
"Hold up, Whitaker," Coach said, "you're not finished yet."
I stepped back into the batters box. Okay, so the last one was an outside fastball so this would probably be something off speed on the inside part of the plate. Alex hung a curveball and I pulled it to leftfield. It cleared the fence by ten feet to the cheers of the guys in the dugout.
Coach was nodding his approval when I looked over. "You ready, Matt?" Coach called to the bullpen.
Alex looked dejected as he handed the ball to Matt and then walked to the dugout.
I let Matt's first pitch go to measure his speed. He definitely threw harder than Alex, but the guys with the real heat usually didn't have much else. On this level, if you had speed, you could usually just throw it by them. I needed to hit this guy, for Alex.
Matt's next pitch had to be in the mid eighty's, but right down the pipe—I drove it over the centerfield fence. I took his next pitch to the warning track in right. This was so surreal. I'd never been a bad hitter—nothing great—but I'd never had this kind of power—this was freakin' awesome.
"You warmed up?" Coach yelled out to Matt.
"Yeah."
"Okay, best stuff then."
As I dug in, I noticed the guys were all up against the fence, watching. I let the first one go for a called strike—it was a breaking ball, but not much slower than his fastball. I flexed my knees ready for the next pitch. If that was the setup pitch, this was going to be a fastball right down the pipe. Matt wound up from the stretch and delivered. It was a fastball as I'd suspected, but it rode up and in as it got to the plate. I'd already pulled the trigger so I kept my hands tight and swung up.
"Damn!" The boys yelled from the dugout as I contacted the ball. It looked to be a towering fly ball, but it just kept going and going. Matt tossed his glove onto the mound as the ball fell on the far side of the left field fence just inside the foul pole.
"Hollywood!" Alex yelled. If Matt was the best, then I just made Alex look pretty decent.
"Alright, Hollywood," Coach said through a toothy grin. "Take a lap, and nice hitting. Who's next?"
I grabbed a water bottle as I sat down on the far end of the dugout when I got back from my run. Not far from the school—coming this way—Mrs. Hall was walking with Cathy. I glanced back and saw that Alex was on deck. "Hey," I said as they stopped an awkward distance from the fence. "You're just in time, Alex is up next."
"Was that Matt pitching?" Mrs. Hall said. Cathy didn't look up from the ground.
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Well, an impressive piece of hitting, Jason. I think Matt was 6 & 0 last year as a starter, might have had a few saves in there as well."
"Sounds like you know a thing or two about baseball."
Mrs. Hall winked. "That I do."
Cathy glanced up momentarily. Alex's description of her was right on, she looked stoned—sad, but her face brightened momentarily when our eyes met. She quickly looked back down without speaking.
"Hey, Cathy," I offered.
She didn't respond.
"Oh look, dear, Alex is up to bat," Mrs. Hall said.
I turned to watch as Cathy stepped forward. Alex did alright at the plate, but he was obviously a better pitcher than hitter. When I glanced back, Cathy was at the fence, but she wasn't watching Alex, she was staring at me.
"Hey," I said.
Cathy didn't respond, she just kept staring, like she was in some kind of trance or something.
"You look good."
Still nothing.
"Mrs. Hall," Coach said, walking up next to her, "nice to see you, Cathy."
Cathy's gaze didn't change and I was getting a little creeped out.
"You plan on doing concessions again this year?" Coach asked.
"If Cathy is up to it, yes."
"That's great. I'd like to show you something new."
Mrs. Hall turned to Cathy. "Will you be alright?"
Cathy turned her head ever so slowly toward her mother and nodded, and then turned back to me.
I glanced back at the field. Alex had already jogged to centerfield. I didn't have much time. When I turned back, Cathy was pressed against the fence—her fingers probing through the links toward me like worms in a bait tin.
"You oaky?" This was really getting creepy now.
"Where is she?" Cathy mumbled.
"Who, Izzy?"
Cathy tensed when I said Izzy's name. 
"I'm not sure."
"I need to touch you," Cathy said.
Okay, creepy up another notch.
"Please," she begged.
I glanced around and nobody was watching. "Yeah, sure, okay." I slowly reached out my hand toward her. Even knowing what I did about the unknown—the world humans didn't know about, I wasn't prepared for what happened. I swear there was a spark when our fingers touched. It wasn't a repelling spark though—no, it was more like magnets drawing our hands toward each other. 
Cathy smiled. "You're human."
"Hey, you made it," Alex said, jogging up to us.
It was as if the polarity suddenly reversed and our fingers repelled. Cathy pulled back from the fence. There was a noticeable difference in her posture—she wasn't cowering—her gaze remained up and when she saw Alex, she smiled.
"Wow, you look great," Alex said. "See I told you getting out would do you good."
"You were right," Cathy said in a raspy voice that sounded like it hadn't been used in a long time.
Alex looked stunned. "You spoke."
"Cathy?" Mrs. Hall said, racing up next to her.
"Hi, Mom."
"Oh my God!" Mrs. Hall shrieked and then started kissing her. When she finished, she looked at Alex. "Alex?"
"Wasn't me."
They both looked at me.
I shrugged. "I just said, hey."
"Bring it in!" Coach yelled from the pitcher's mound.
"Can you stay?" Alex asked Cathy. "This won't take long."
"Can we?" Cathy said to her mom.
"You sure?" Mrs. Hall said.
"Yeah, everything's fallen into perspective."
"Cool," Alex said.
Alex and I ran out to the mound and took a knee with everyone else. Coach gave us a pep talk and told us how much he appreciated the effort we all put in over the last week. The good news, because it was a small school, there were going to be no cuts. That got a cheer out of all the guys.
"Varsity team roster will be posted on the front door of the gym at seven o'clock. JV practice is tomorrow at 8:00 AM sharp, Varsity at 1:00 PM. Great job guys, hands in—"
"Warrior's!" We all yelled.
"Dude," Alex said as we walked back toward the dugout. "Where'd you learn to hit like that?"
I winked.
"You kidding me, Izzy? What she say?"
"Hey, you're a pitcher—and a damn good one I might add—leave the hitting to me."
We both looked up at the same time. Behind the dugout, Mrs. Hall and Cathy's faces were beaming.
"What did you say to her?" Alex asked again.
"Hey."

Chapter 20
It was early April now, and still no Izzy. Mom seemed good as new, but she had a regimen of pills to take every morning now. She was right about baseball—when I was on the field, well, I didn't feel the pain as much. A motion, down by the creek caught my attention as I stared out my bedroom window across the moon-bathed backyard. My heart jumped with anticipation, but it was only the raccoon that played havoc with our trashcans. Yeah, baseball was good, but only a momentary distraction to dull the pain. I walked back to my bed and flopped down on the cool sheets.
"You're human." That's what Cathy said in what seemed like a changing point for her. I hadn't seen her since that day, but Alex said she seemed completely like her old self. Her mother was skeptical—still not letting her out of her sight for any length of time because of her past relapses. "Human," I mumbled. What, did she think I was a vampire, or was she just hallucinating? And why was she back to normal now? And I don't even want to think about the strange contact between us, electric, magnetic, whatever it was.
I blinked, the momentary flash of darkness bringing with it the image of Izzy's perfect face. I closed my eyes so that I could see her. "I miss you," I whispered. "I'm so sorry, please forgive me." Our short time together raced though in a stream of images ending with my terrible mistake in the family room. It always ended that way—I screwed up. Dad was gone, Izzy and that had almost taken Mom too. I opened my eyes and sat up. Outside my window the sky was starting to lighten. Might as well take a shower, I wasn't going back to sleep anyway.
Mom was at the kitchen sink when I came downstairs. "You're up early for a holiday."
"Hey, Mom."
"The game isn't until this afternoon, or did I mark it on the calendar wrong?"
"Game's at one o'clock, but Coach wants us there at ten to prep the field."
She tossed a handful of pills in her mouth and swallowed them with a glass of water.
"You doing okay?" I asked walking up behind her.
She smiled. "I'm fine Jason—as a matter of fact, I was thinking about planting some flowers along the tree line out back before the game."
"Mom," I groaned. "I don't think that's such a good idea, you haven't—"
"Nonsense, the doctor says I'm fine."
"Tell you what, how about you buy the flowers today and I'll help you tomorrow—Saturday's supposed to be warmer."
"You're going to help me plant flowers—tomorrow?"
"Sure, it's the least I can do."
"Alright, tomorrow it is. What can I make you for breakfast?"
"I think I'll just have a bowl of cereal if that's okay?" I grabbed the box of cereal out of the pantry and then the carton of milk from the fridge on my way to the table.
"Jason."
"Yeah, Mom."
"You have to stop blaming yourself for what happened—"
"Mom, we've been over this—"
"No, you won't listen. Get this through that stubborn head of yours; what happened probably saved my life. I'll admit I'm a little fuzzy on the who and how part, but the doctors said my heart was a ticking time bomb and it was an absolute miracle that I survived." She walked over to the table and set a bowl and spoon on the table in front of me. With a hug she said, "You actually saved my life."
I patted her arm.
"Have you heard from her yet?"
I shook my head, not wanting to risk my voice and expose the pain.
"I went down to the police station yesterday. They didn't know anything about the witness protection process, but said they'd look into it."
I twisted out of her arms. "You shouldn't have done that," I said, trying to keep my voice calm.
"I know you need closure—"
"I don't need closure, I need Izzy." My voice broke on her name. I fended off her attempt at a hug. "Let me eat, Mom, I have to get ready."
She retreated to the sink. "Make sure you take a key, I think I'll stop and get the flowers after the game."
"You're coming to the game?"
"I wouldn't miss it."
"You sure it's okay, the doctor—"
"I'm fine, Jason."
* * *
Cathy and Mrs. Hall were at the game. Alex was starting and I'd never seen him so anxious. I DH'd for him and had a single and double my first two at bats. Coach had made me the DH after I missed a routine fly ball to right field in our second scrimmage game. He probably would have benched me except my two run homer in the ninth saved the game. I was okay with DH—I liked hitting, but I just wasn't that good in the field. Alex said it was because my head bounced when I ran—some guys had it—some didn't—I didn't.
I winked back at Mom before each at bat. It made her feel kind of like my good luck charm, but in the batter's box, I always whispered, "This ones for you Izzy."
Game was on the line again. This was our last at bat. Nobody had been able to hit this guy except me, but he was starting to tire and had given up two walks, and then an error by the second baseman had loaded the bases. Normally they would have just walked me intentionally, but there was no place to put me so he had to pitch to me. I'd fouled off the last six pitches.
"Time," the umpire called as the other coach started out to the mound.
Coach motioned me down to him at third. "This guy's there ace, so they're not going to pull him. He may figure they're not going to get around you and may just walk you anyway."
"Give up a run? That would tie the game."
Coach stroked his chin. "I think they're going to go outside, probably high. I want you to take it to right—keep your hands out in front—lose the power swing and just poke it out into shallow right."
"But—"
"Round first like you're trying to squeeze a double out of it but slip between first and second."
"Slip?"
"That's right, get in a rundown. I'll send Andy from second and your distraction should give him enough time to score—he's fast."
"Okay, you're the coach."
"First pitch Jason, has to be the first pitch no matter where it is you have to take it to right."
"Got it."
"This one's for you, Izzy," I said and touched my heart as I stepped into the batters box again.
"You're toast," the catcher said.
Coach thought high outside, but most of what I'd fouled off were low outside—it made more sense to come up and in, but that risked hanging one out over the plate, especially since the pitcher was tired. I glanced back at the catcher as the pitcher leaned in to get the sign. He was going from the stretch even with base runners—like Coach said, this was the money pitch.
From the stretch—game on the line—their ace—had to be heat. The pitcher wound up and delivered the pitch. I hesitated so I would be late on the ball and take the pitch to right. I could see the red laces, crap, a knuckle ball, where'd that come from. I'd already started my stride so I pushed my hands and the bat back toward the catcher to delay my swing. There was no way to know where a knuckle ball was going to go. I led with my hands, keeping the barrel of the bat back, thinking swing low—swing low. Crack!
The slow pitch had given the base runners a jump and they were halfway to the next base by the time I started for first. I glanced at Andy as the right fielder picked up the ball—he was coasting into third. No way could I make it to second, but I powered past first. The fielder looked surprised and immediately turned toward second. I slipped as he fired the ball to second. As I got up, I saw Andy sprinting down the third base line toward home. I turned back to first as the ball smacked the second baseman's glove.
"Home! Home!" The opposing coach was yelling.
As I turned back toward second, the ball went sailing into the fence between first and home. The second baseman's moment of indecision had done it. I cruised into second on the error and Andy easily scored the winning run. Game!
Coach ran out to me as the guys in the dugout descended on Andy. "That's what I'm talking about." Coach patted me on the back. "It ain't always about power."
"It was a freakin' knuckle ball."
"They figured you were thinking fence and tried to get you out ahead—probably figured worse case you'd pull it foul." He shook my hand. "Nice piece of hitting."
"Thanks, Coach."
I accepted the congratulations from my teammates, but the truth was, this one was all Coach's. Being a Friday afternoon, and a holiday, the sidelines emptied out quickly. I started over toward Alex and Cathy, but hesitated as they wrapped their arms around each other. I looked toward the mountains—Lambs Knoll to be exact—Izzy's mountain. My daily trips had dwindled into weekly and now every other week or so. I missed her so much, but she wasn't coming back. Mom's hug snapped me out of the daze.
"Nice hit."
"Thanks."
"I'm going to run and get the flowers, you want me to stop and get something for dinner?"
"Sure, that'd be great."
"Nice game. See you at home."
I waved as she headed off toward the parking lot.
"Dude." Alex slapped me on the back. "Way to go." His other arm was wrapped around Cathy's waist. Beyond them, Mrs. Hall was cleaning up the concession stand, but keeping a watchful eye on her daughter.
"Thanks, you did a nice job out there on the mound today." I turned to Cathy. "Hey."
"Hi." She smiled, but her eyes probed mine, deeper than I was comfortable with, drawing me into hers.
"So," I said, breaking off the stare and turning to Alex, "what are you up to?"
"I've got work."
"I didn't know you had a job."
"Down at the nursery. It's just on weekends until school's out, but they said I could come in this afternoon since we we're off school."
"Cool."
"How about you? What are you doing?"
"Just headed home—hey, Mom was headed to the nursery, maybe you'll see her."
Alex glanced down at his watch. "Guess I should get going."
"Sure, see ya."
As they turned to go, Cathy turned back. "You'll be alone?"
"Sure, until Mom gets home."
Alex tightened his arm around her and turned her toward the parking lot. "See ya."
* * *
I'd just dried off when I heard someone at the backdoor. "Mom!" I called down the stairs. "That you?"
Whoever it was, knocked again.
"Be right there!" I raced into my room and got dressed. "Coming." I yanked open the door. "Cathy! What are you doing here?" Behind her, her mother was sitting in the car.
"Are you alone?" Cathy asked.
"Yeah."
"Good, wait here." She ran out to the car and talked to her mother. After what seemed like a heated debate—her mother kept looking past Cathy at me—Cathy kissed her on the cheek and Mrs. Hall drove away. "When will your mother be back?" Cathy said as she slipped past me into the kitchen.
I closed the door and followed her. "I don't know, half an hour—an hour tops."
"Okay." Cathy took off her coat and draped it over the back of one of the kitchen chairs.
"What did you want to talk about?"
She held out her hands to me. "Come here." 
This was really weird. I didn't know Cathy very well, but I knew her as a shy insecure person. Now, it almost seemed like she was coming on to me or something.
As I hesitantly stepped forward, she touched my hands with the same kind of—electricity as at the field that day. A calming spread through me as she slid her palms onto mine. "What are you doing?"
"Shhhh," she whispered. Cathy pressed up against me as I relaxed and the sensation increased. This felt wrong on so many levels.
I'm not exactly sure what I was thinking—I was confused—when a vivid image of Izzy filled my thoughts. It was as if someone put her there.
"I miss you," Izzy said. "I'm so sorry I hurt you."
"No, you shouldn't be sorry, it was my fault." Her image began to fade.
"No! Cathy, I won't let you." I yanked my hands away. "Stop!"
Cathy staggered back. "Why'd you do that?"
"I won't let you erase her."
"You know, but—"
"Yeah, I know." I turned my back to her. "And I won't let you take her from me."
"That's not why I'm here."
"Really?" I turned back to her. "Then why?"
"It's complicated."
"I'm listening."
"You mind?" Cathy walked into the family room and sat down on the sofa. She looked a little drained, emotionally.
I sat down next to her, leaving some space. I wasn't comfortable around her, not sure what her intentions were, or what she could do. She wasn't just Emo Cathy anymore, there was more to her now.
Cathy ran her hand gently over the sofa cushion. "Her presence is strong here."
I nodded.
"You know she's a—"
"I know," I stopped her before she said the word out loud.
"You know the power she has?"
"I do."
Cathy slid closer. "I thought I was mad—crazy—but when I touched you at the fence, I knew it was all true, because you knew it too."
"Can you do the same thing?"
"I'm not sure. I've never experienced anything like what happened when we touched at the field, or now," Cathy confessed.
"Not Alex—not your mom?"
"No."
"That doesn't make any sense."
She reached out and touched my hand.
"I won't let you erase her." I pulled away and stood.
Cathy got up. "I promise. I think that since this only seems to happen with you, it must mean something."
"Like what?"
"I don't know, maybe I'm some kind of conduit so she can talk to you or something."
"Seriously?"
"I don't know, but shouldn't we at least give it a shot?"
"What do you want me to do?"
Cathy took my hands again and stepped into me. "Just let go." She pulled my arms around her waist, still clinging to my hands.
"Izzy?" I tested.
"Jason."
Suddenly it was as if my arms were around Izzy and I pulled her tightly against me. "God I've missed you."
"And I miss you, but you have to let me go."
"Never." I looked down into Izzy's eyes. "I'll never let you go, you know that." I pulled her lips to mine and we kissed.
Izzy broke the kiss. "Don't Jason. This can't be."
"It already is. Come home, we'll work it out."
"I can't."
"Then tell me where you are and I'll come to you."
"Jason."
"No!" Her presence began to fade and I clung desperately to her. "Don't go." I pulled her lips to mine and kissed her passionately.
"Jason?" A voice came from behind me—from the kitchen—my mom's voice. "Is that Izzy?"
I broke the kiss stared down at Cathy in disbelief and then spun us around toward the kitchen. "Mom?"
"What the f—"
"Alex!" Cathy shrieked.
"Cathy?" I stammered.
"Dude!" Alex shouted. "I thought we were buds." He turned in a huff and started for the backdoor.
"Alex, wait!" Cathy screamed. She looked up at me. "It'll be okay."
"I'm sorry."
"Hi—bye," She said as she grabbed her coat and raced past Mom. The screen door banged closed behind her. "Alex, wait." I heard her yell from the driveway.
Mom's face was a mixture of confusion and disappointment, but she turned away and went to the backdoor. Outside, two doors closed and then Alex's car drove away. Mom walked back into the kitchen. "Do you mind telling me what that was all about?"
I couldn't think of anything to say so I didn't answer.
"Jason, that was wrong in so many ways. First, Cathy is a very disturbed young lady and second, you and Alex are friends."
"It's not what it looked like, I swear."
"How did she get here? Did you bring her home with you?"
"No, her mother dropped her off—I didn't know she was coming." I stepped into the kitchen.
Mom retreated to the sink—her comfort zone. "You called her Izzy—did you think she was Izzy?"
"No, of course not."
"But you were kissing her."
"I, uh was excited about her news and I just kissed her out of excitement."
"News?"
"Yeah, Cathy heard from Izzy, she's fine."
Mom tried to hide her displeasure, but I could see it in her face before she turned back to the sink. "How is she?"
"Uh, well, good I guess."
"I thought you said Cathy—"
"Yeah, well you and Alex came in before she got to tell me very much."
"Seems odd Izzy would contact Cathy and not you. I didn't know they stayed close after Cathy's recent setback."
I slid into a chair at the table. "Sure, they had art together and the whole Emo thing—they kind of bonded I guess you'd say. What you get for dinner?"
"I got you a sub."
"Cool, I'm starved."
"Would you like a sport drink or a soda?" Mom asked as she walked over to the frig.
"Soda's good." I ripped open the bag and when I saw the salad, I got up and got Mom a fork. "You find the kind of flowers you were looking for?"
"Yes, Alex helped me. Say the blessing."
We dug in after the blessing. Mom had her radar on, definitely not buying my explanation. If it went like normal, she would figure it out.
So you think Alex was pissed?"
"Jason, I know you're in sports mode, but you know how I feel about that kind of language."
"Sorry."
"How do you think you would feel if you went over to Alex's and found him kissing Izzy?"
"Yeah, that's what I thought."
"Cathy went with him, so maybe she can explain, although I'm not sure how."
"It wasn't like it looked, I wasn't kissing her, I was kissing Izzy."
"The 'I was excited about her news' excuse was better." She took another bite of her salad.
"Listen Mom, you know Izzy was special, right?"
"Define special."
"She was different, more perceptive."
Mom nodded.
"Well, Cathy is… different too. She has this kind of sixth sense you know?"
"No, I don't, explain it to me."
"I don't think I can. Some things you just have to take on faith."
The corners of her eyes tightened with annoyance. She hated it when I threw faith back at her. "I know we came out here to start over, but it hasn't been exactly how I pictured it."
"I know it's been a bit of an adjustment."
"A bit of an adjustment?" Mom choked. "I'm not sure you can call getting arrested, skipping school to run around the country—twice, getting shot and a trip to the emergency room a 'bit of an adjustment'. And lets not forget taking in a border."
"And don't forget your heart attack. Sure, it's been rough at times, but I've never felt more alive."
"You finished?"
"Sure."
Mom stepped on the trashcan pedal and I banked the balled up wrapper from my sub off the lid and into the can. She came back to the table, but walked around behind my chair and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. "I just want what's best for you."
"I know."
"Well, I hope you can work it out with Alex."
"Me too."

Chapter 21
Saturday I went by the Faulkner place, but there was still no sign anyone had been there. The trees were starting to bloom bringing new life to the woods. The woods—that gave me an idea. I went back to the Jeep and grabbed my cell phone and punched up the compass application. Maybe a little hike. I headed up to the spot where I'd taken the picture that I'd given to Izzy. I scoured the underbrush as I went, hoping to find a deer carcass or some sign of—well her. I crossed Reno Monument Road and continued north on the Appalachian Trail. Once I crossed over the interstate, I lost track of time. I came across two carcass's, but they were both old kills and gave no indication of what I imagined a vampire attack might look like.
"Damn!" I glanced down at my watch. I was several hours from my Jeep and it was getting dark. "Better call Mom." I pulled out my phone and hit speed dial. "Hey, Mom. I lost track of time."
"Where are you?"
"I went for a hike."
"Do you want me to come get you?"
"No, I'm good, it's just going to be a few hours before I get home."
"A few hours! Are you sure you don't want me to come get you?"
"Not really where you can come get me, but don't worry, I'll be fine. I'll call you when I get back to the Jeep."
"Okay, be careful."
It was dark by the time I crossed back over the interstate. As I stepped off the bridge, I thought I heard something behind me, but when I turned, there was nothing there. Even so, the rest of the way back, I felt like I was being followed. Once I made it to Lambs Knoll, the feeling faded.
I descended the mountain to the Faulkner house, which had become a grim reminder of my failure. I started the Jeep to warm up, but just sat there, staring at the house. There was something, something I couldn't put my finger on that beckoned me to go back inside. I tried to shake it off—I mean I'd checked out the house enumerable times—but I just couldn't shake the feeling.
I called home. "Hey, Mom, I made it back to the Jeep okay, but I need to stop for gas," I lied.
"I'll put the stew on simmer—we can eat when you get here."
"Okay, thanks Mom. It shouldn't take long, I'll see you in a few." I hung up, killed the engine and stepped out of the Jeep to a sudden chill—not from the temperature, but something different—something supernatural maybe.
The backdoor creaked when I opened it, like before, but it was almost muted compared to the ringing of my heartbeat in my ears. If Izzy—or any of the Faulkner's for that matter—were here, they'd know I was coming. I crept forward through the kitchen not needing to let my eyes adjust to the darkness this time. Everything looked the same, furniture draped with sheets, cobwebs in the corners. I opened my cell phone and stooped down to let the flashlight app. shine across the floor. Still no sign of any recent activity in the dust. As I stared across the floor, I thought I heard a faint thump from upstairs. I brought my cell phone up to illuminate the staircase across the room and through the foyer. It was too far away for the faint light, but in the corner of the doorway, a spider scampered down it's web. "Did you hear it too?" I whispered. I stood and then crept across the kitchen as if I could sneak up on a vampire.
At the foot of the stairs, I hesitated, listening, but the house was silent. My heart sank—she wasn't here—she was never going to be here. Suddenly a loud thump echoed from the parlor behind me. I whirled around, stumbling on the bottom step and falling. My cell phone hit the floor and went sliding into the corner. It crashed against the wall sending the cover ricocheting under a chair. The light flickered a few times before going out, but not before I saw footprints in the dust on the floor. Great, broke my phone. I groped across the floor and gathered up the pieces. It wouldn't turn on after I put it back together. I grabbed the railing and pulled myself to my feet. Listening for anything was pointless, the only thing I could hear was my heartbeat.
"Izzy?" I whispered as I put my foot on the first step. "It's me, Jason." Duh, like she wouldn't know that. As I crept up the stairs I realized I hadn't noticed if the tracks I saw were coming or going. Maybe she heard me and ran. I knew she was incredibly fast, but could she have run past me without my even feeling so much as a breeze? I mean there was basic physics, right? When I reached the top of the stairs I glanced back down into the empty darkness. First room on the left, I reminded myself. If she's here, best bet would be her room.
Why is it that the floorboards in old houses always have to creak at the worst times? The groan from each step elevated the pounding in my ears to the point it was deafening. Finally I reached the doorway. Now what? I pointlessly glanced up and down the hallway, but in the darkness I couldn't see more than a few feet. Just go for it you idiot, I told myself. If it's her she already knows it's you and if it isn't her, well whoever it is already knows it's you too. "Izzy?" I stepped into the open doorway.
Like the rest of the house, the room was dark, undisturbed. The faint red light from the tower at the top of Lambs Knoll rhythmically flashed through a slight opening in the drapes and across the floor. The new leaves in the trees outside the window fluttered in the beam of light making it nearly impossible to recognize any detail, but I thought I could make out a partial footprint. I took another step—still nothing. As I started to take another step—
"Don't come any closer."
After the initial fright, I collapsed to my knees at the sound of her voice. "Thank God I found you. Are you okay?"
She didn't answer. I stared to inch my way toward the far corner, behind the draped armoire.
"Stay back." Her raspy voice sounded frightened.
"The blood thing, right—I'm such an idiot—I'm sorry. Please, I'll stay back, just come out so I can see you." I scooted back a little. "Please, Izzy."
Gradually, at the edge of the white linen draped armoire, I detected motion. She only ventured a glance and from what I could see, her hair was matted and tangled with debris, her face, dirty—streaked, and her sunken, lifeless eyes surrounded by dark rings.
"What have I done to you?" I moaned.
"This isn't your fault."
"Not my fault? Of course it's my fault—I made a mess of everything—I'm so sorry." I scooted closer again. "Please come out, Izzy, please. I need to see you—to apologize to you face-to-face—to make you understand just how sorry I am."
She cautiously appeared from behind the armoire, her pale skin visible in the darkness, but it was mottled, stained with dirt and dried blood. I was unable to contain the guilt, the shame I felt and collapsed forward in tears, my face sinking into my hands.
"Look what I've done—look what I've done." I wept. Finally I composed myself—at least enough to speak. I looked up.
Izzy's expression was conflicted. She was on her knees, dressed in the remnants of what she was wearing that night—that night I ruined everything. Her hands were tucked modestly between her legs. She remained motionless, head tilted slightly to the side, measuring.
"What are you waiting for?" I questioned. "I know you must want to kill me, and after what I did, well, I don't blame you."
Her hands moved to the floor next to her knees as she leaned forward. I closed my eyes and braced myself for her strike. I briefly thought about Mom, how hurt she would be, but this was my fault, the consequence of my actions, no matter how much I regretted them. To face my own death I guess I should have been afraid, but I wasn't, I was resolute. I just prayed that giving my blood to Izzy would save her from the misery I had caused her.
"Go on," I whispered when nothing happened. "I'm ready." I could smell the woods, the creek in her hair. She was close, maybe inches from me. What was she waiting for?
"Ready for what?" Her cool breath washed over me, but when I opened my eyes, she shot back behind the armoire.
"For you to kill me, like I deserve."
"After what I did, you want me to kill you? Never."
I nodded. "Leave me to my shame."
She reappeared from behind the armoire. "Aren't you here to shame me?"
"What? I came to apologize for being such a stupid jerk."
"You're apologizing to me?"
"Yes, for the way I acted."
She seemed confused, but began to creep toward me. "You acted like a man."
I shook my head. "No, I acted like a spoiled little boy who was only thinking about what he wanted."
"If that's true, then I was acting like a spoiled little girl who was only thinking about what she wanted."
"You always do that—try to take responsibility for everything that happens. I can't let you this time, this was all me." I slowly stood never taking my eyes off of her. "I guess all that's left, is can you ever forgive me?"
She didn't respond, but also slowly stood. That heartbeat that just a short time ago was pounding in my ears had sunken silently into the pit of my stomach. I wanted to take her in my arms, kiss her and make her understand how much I loved her, but it was painfully obvious that that night, I had destroyed the best thing that had ever happened to me. No, the right thing to do was swallow my selfish pride and let her go even though I knew I would never feel the love we shared again.
"You'll be okay?" I said as I stepped back. I took another step through the doorway.
"You're leaving? You'd leave me?"
"What choice do I have? I can't do this to you anymore."
"You didn't do this."
"Didn't I? I'm not an idiot, I remember the look on your face when you smelled my blood on your hands. This is totally my fault."
"No, it's not." Izzy's voice was firm and she stepped toward me.
"But—" Before I could continue, Izzy was standing right in front of me, her finger pressed across my lips.
"No, it's not," she repeated, her cool, succulent breath washing over me.
My knees wobbled and I slipped back against the doorframe. My clumsiness lit up her eyes.
Suddenly all the fear, the apprehension disappeared from her face. "Silly human." She leaned closer, her once dismal, almost sinister expression eclipsed with a smile. "Would you just kiss me?"
I had no idea what was happening, but she didn't have to ask twice. I cautiously wrapped my arms around her and pulled her into me, our lips locked in a passionate kiss. Yeah, she had to hold me up, but I am only human. When she broke the kiss, I continued, kissing her face over and over until she stiffened.
"Right, I'm doing it again." But when I tried to pull back, her arms tightened around me. "Now?"
She looked confused.
"You don't want to kill me—you want to change me?"
She smiled and as she leaned into me I tilted my head to the side. My heart—the one that had gone still was pounding wildly again. As her lips touched my throat, her matted hair pressed into my face. Her tongue softly glided across my jugular until I choked on the foul smell of creek mud. 
"What?" she said, jerking back.
"Your hair—it stinks."
"Oh really?"
I glanced down between us, my gaze washing over her scantily clad body, the cool skin of her back against my arms.
"What?" she whispered.
"You're even more beautiful than I remember."
She gave me a peck on the lips, but suddenly tensed. "Shhh."
Before I knew what happened, she swept me into the room and pressed me into the corner near the armoire, taking a guarded position in front of me. This wasn't a reaction to a human sound so I remained motionless trying to control my breathing—my heart rate was beyond control. After what seemed like an eternity, the muscles in her back relaxed. She turned back to me. The light in her eyes, the joy in her face were gone.
Is it safe? I mouthed silently.
"I can't stay."
"I'm coming with you."
She forced a sympathetic smile. "You can't."
"If you change me I can."
"It doesn't work that way." Her senses prickled, probing the darkness in and around the house. She rose up on her toes to whisper ever so lightly into my ear. "I'm not leaving you Jason—I could never leave you."
I sank down, letting my forehead come to rest on her shoulder. "You don't know how relieved I am to hear you say that. I thought—"
"Shh, no more talking. You're not safe. A lot has happened, but we can't talk here—not now."
I pulled back and stared into her eyes.
She shook her head. "Not hear." She glanced around again. "Follow me—quietly." I'd only taken two steps when she reached back and swept me up into her arms. Yeah, my girlfriend—all ninety-eight pounds of her—carried me down the steps and out to my Jeep—there's a real boost to the male ego, right? Of course, the whole 'male ego' thing is what had gotten us in this situation in the first place. Before I knew what happened, I was in the driver's seat. Izzy leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. "Go straight home, don't stop for anything."
"I can't leave you—not like this—you're obviously in danger."
She pressed a finger across my lips. "We need to talk, but I don't know when—how."
"Cathy," I mumbled through her finger.
"What?"
"She has some kind of sixth sense, she knew you were close, she said she could feel your presence."
"That doesn't make any sense."
"I don't know, but it's worth a shot." I shrugged. "Think of a place—think hard—and Cathy will tell me." I started the Jeep. "I love you."
"I love you, now go."
* * *
"Hey, Mom, sorry I'm late." I choked out as I raced through the back doorway.
"Jason? Are you alright?" she said, turning toward me from the stove. "My goodness, you're flushed."
"I'm fine, Mom."
"You weren't speeding, were you?"
"Nah, nothing like that."
She wasn't convinced, but let it go. "Tables set—why don't you bring the bowls over and I'll just serve the stew from the pot."
"That'll work." I tossed my jacket over the railing and then carried our bowls over to the stove.
We ate in silence after the blessing, but I could tell she was measuring, trying to figure out what was going on with me. No matter how much I tried, I couldn't keep from grinning—and my heart—yeah it was pounding wildly.
Mom dipped her spoon into her bowl for another bite. "Still excited about the game?"
"Sure," I responded quickly—too quickly. Flunked that one.
She finished chewing the bite. "Did Cathy work things out with Alex?"
"Uh, I guess." So she knew I wasn't with them.
She smiled. "You sure you're not in any trouble?"
"Okay already, I saw her. She's fine—beautiful—crazy—and still in love with me. There, is that what you wanted to know?"
Her smile was sincere—she wanted me to be happy—but her concern was obvious. "Well, where is she?"
"Uh, I'm not exactly sure."
"I thought you said—"
"Uh, yeah, well, we didn't really get to talk much—but we're going to try and hook up again later."
"Hook up?"
"I didn't mean that like it sounded."
"I know. I'm glad you two 'hooked up'."
"Really?" I couldn't believe I just opened that door.
She reached across the table and took my hand. "I know how much you care for her, just try to keep your relationship in perspective—that's all I'm asking."
"Thanks Mom." I got up and hugged her.
She patted my hand and uncharacteristically pulled away. "Well, lets get cleaned up, I want to get an early start tomorrow. You're still helping?"
"Sure, Mom, I wouldn't miss it."
* * *
To say I couldn't sleep would be a gross understatement, but I didn't care—Izzy was back in my life and I would never make the same foolish mistake again. Sure I was tired, but true to her word Mom was up early and we spent the better part of the day planting flowers. All the while I was putting the dear proof screen over them I kept thinking if Izzy were here, we wouldn't need it, but then, how would I explain that to Mom.
I convinced Mom to let me cleanup after lunch, so she could water the newly planted flowers. I'd just finished up when there was a tap at the backdoor.
"Come in," I called, tossing the dishtowel over the oven handle. I froze when I saw Alex and Cathy walk though the doorway. "Hey guys, what's up?"
Cathy nudged Alex.
"Yeah, well I just wanted to say I was sorry about jumping to the wrong conclusion, I—"
"No way, man, that was my fault." I glanced at Cathy for some indication of what she might have said, but when our eyes connected, she tilted her head inquisitively. "Really, I just got carried away with the news. I didn't mean anything by it—Cathy knows that."
"That's cool." He glanced at Cathy for approval. "Well, we just stopped by—we're headed to a movie."
"Just the two of you?"
"Not exactly—"
"Mom's out in the car," Cathy said. She stepped forward and gave me an awkward hug. As she stepped back, she slipped something into my hand.
"Well, I'll see you later." I didn't move until the door closed. Honestly, I was afraid to look at what Cathy had given me. Finally I opened my hand and stared down at the folded gum wrapper. Already? Seriously? I unfolded the wrapper and read, 'The park, south of Devil's Backbone, sunset.' Crap, I have no idea where that is.
I went outside and approached Mom in need of discrete directions. She grew up here, she'd know. "Hey Mom, have you ever heard of Devil's Backbone?"
"Sure, it's just north of town. Was that Alex and Cathy?"
"Yeah, they stopped by to apologize for the other day."
"I hope you apologized too."
"I did. We're cool. Listen, Alex mentioned something about a park near Devil's Backbone—some of the guys were going to try a little fishing later."
"Oh, that's a nice park, we had picnics there when I was in school. Just go up through town and turn left on Lappans Road—you can't miss it."
"So it's okay if I go?"
"Take your jacket it's supposed to sprinkle."
"Cool, well I should probably get ready." I raced upstairs to my room—quick swipe of deodorant—brush teeth—oh what the heck, I took a quick shower. Hopefully Mom wouldn't notice.
Mom was still sprinkling the flowers when I came down and headed for the Jeep. "Your fishing gear is in the shed."
"Right." Fortunately the shed was still open so I didn't look a complete idiot. I quickly grabbed my gear, gave Mom a kiss and headed toward the Jeep.
"Don't be too late—we have church in the morning."
I stopped and looked back—I hated lying to her. "Mom, I—"
Her smile said she knew exactly who I was going to meet.
"Thanks Mom, you're the best."

Chapter 22
The park was deserted when I arrived. The water was still cold, so that made the air feel much colder than I had anticipated, especially since Antietam Creek was surrounded by mountains that trapped the cold air. Fortunately, no rain yet. I parked, grabbed my fishing rod so I didn't look like a vagrant and headed toward the water. If Izzy was here, she'd be somewhere out of sight, but she'd know I was here. I scanned the woods on the opposite side of the creek, hoping to spot her. This side of the creek, the sandy point was too sparsely wooded to provide decent cover, and given her nervousness, it didn't seem like she'd want to be out in the open. The dam to the left was also out in the open, so I headed toward the bridge. I broke into a jog as I got closer, brimming with anticipation.
Thump. And there she was, standing right in front of me. I didn't hesitate—dropped my gear and wrapped her in my arms. Our kiss was everything I'd been expecting.
Finally she edged back.
"I see you got cleaned up?" I teased. "Got to love jeans and a tee shirt."
She slapped my shoulder playfully and then sniffed the air. "You too. That's the cologne your mother gave you at Christmas, right?"
"Yeah."
"Humph, it masks your natural scent too much."
"Probably a good thing—at least for now, right?"
She laughed. "I suppose you're right."
"Glad you lost the creek mud smell—just kidding." I didn't want to talk, and pulled her lips back to mine. She didn't resist. It was incredible—like drinking in sunshine only better—I could feel my entire body being recharged, like an adrenaline rush on steroids.
Suddenly she tensed and forced me back. I glanced over my shoulder in the direction she was staring, where the road paralleled the creek.
"What is it?" It was obvious she could hear something not yet within my human range of hearing.
"Fish," she said, stepping back toward the creek.
"What?" Then I heard the rumble of motorcycle engines and it all clicked. "From Georgia?"
"Yes."
"How?"
"We don't have time." She took another step and I knew she was about to leap the creek. I quickly glanced over my shoulder again. The lead bikes were just entering the far end of the park, beyond the dam. "They'll see you—here, take my line—I'll tug on it if I need your help. Go, get in the water." I grabbed my rod, pulled out a few feet of line and handed her the sinker. "Hurry."
Izzy hesitated. She knew the potential danger if they connected me with the bar in Georgia. This was probably the very thing she had been trying to avoid. I could see she was trying to decide whether to stand and fight.
"I'll pull on the line if I need help."
The bikers were too close now and she had no other choice. She vanished into the water, the drag on my real squealing as she went. Fortunately the current was toward the bridge and the cloud of sediment disappeared in the dark shadow under the bridge. Now I just had to hope they didn't stop. Really, why would a biker gang of vampire hunters stop for a guy fishing, right?
I hadn't realized I'd stopped breathing until I let out my breath as the first bikes started over the bridge. The stonewalls along the side of the bridge muffled the sound so that I could hear another group behind them coming through the park.
"Come on, come on, keep going." But as they passed, I heard tires in the gravel parking lot. "Great." Should I pull the rod? No, these guys were in the back so maybe they weren't even in Georgia and they wouldn't recognize me. I pulled my hood up around my head. The engines shutoff—two, maybe three it sounded like. I took a quick peek and they were already off their bikes—three, like I thought although two of them had passengers. Five on one, not the best odds even if two of them were girls. From where I was standing, I could see no sign of Izzy. By the direction of my line, she was on the far side of the creek, close to the piling. She could probably launch herself out of the water like a cruise missile or something if I needed her, but not yet, I could handle this.
"Hey, look, down there," a distinctly female voice said.
When I looked back, the two girls were walking toward me—the guys were urinating on the tree next to where they'd parked. I turned back to the creek and whispered. "It's cool, I got this, just stay put."
"Hey, fish bitin'?"
"No, was just getting ready to hang it up—still a little early in the year." I turned toward them being careful not to pull on the line.
They were both bleach blondes, probably thin, but it was hard to tell under their heavy clothing. The one who had spoken, was chomping on a piece of gum.
"What ya catch up this way?"
"Trout, bass, like that. Must be cold riding."
"Ain't too bad, I just tuck in behind Carl. If nothin' else, he's a great windbreak." They both laughed.
"Hey, you coming?" One of the guys yelled.
"That's Carl. Keep your pants on—be right there." She turned back to me. "So you from around here?"
"Yeah, just outside Boon—Middletown."
"So like you know folks who live around here and all, right?"
"My mom grew up here, I think we know just about everyone."
"You know anyone named Faulkner?"
I laughed to cover my gasp. "Kind of a southern name for around here. Might be a Faulkner or two in the old Civil War cemetery, but no one I recall by that name."
They nodded. "Yeah, guess that's true."
"Come on!" One of the guys yelled. "It's starting to rain." The bikes rumbled to life.
"Nice talkin' to ya. My dad used to say the fish bite better when it rains—good luck." They turned and scampered back toward the bikes.
I leaned back against the tree behind me. "Whew." My rod tugged gently and the line started to move upstream, against the current. Suddenly the drag pulled and a fish jumped. "What the—" I grabbed the handle, thumbed the drag and started reeling. From the pulsations, it was a fish. The bikers pulled away, but stopped at the edge of the bridge where they could watch. I eased down to the bank and landed a nice smallmouth bass.
"Whoo who!" The one blonde yelled. "I told you!"
The guys gunned their engines and dropped their bikes into gear leaving the park quiet behind them.
As I stood with the fish, I spotted Izzy walking up out of the water under the bridge.
"Nice fish," she teased. "Figured you'd need something to show your mom. How is your mom?"
"How's my mom? Are you kidding me? Do you know who that was?" Then I noticed her wet tee shirt—yeah, I was distracted. "Come on, lets get out of here." I motioned her up out of the water.
"They're not coming back—at least not for now."
"Still, this place is too open." I started to put the fish back.
"Seriously? You know how hard that was to catch?"
"Mom knows—"
"You told her?"
"Na, she kind of guessed." I motioned toward my face. "It was kind of obvious."
Her smile lit up the dreary surroundings. "Still, she likes fish doesn't she?"
"Oh, okay, I'll keep the fish. Come on." We raced up the bank to my Jeep.
"Give me your parka." Izzy said as I opened the tailgate to put the fish in the back.
"What?"
"Just give me your coat—and no peaking."
"Right." I pulled off the parka and tossed it to her. When she pulled it over her head, it went almost to her knees. I slammed the tailgate and just stood there gawking like some kind of perv. She'd already slipped out of her jeans and was ringing them out.
"I said no peeking," she teased, glancing over her shoulder with a seductive smile.
I folded back against the side of the Jeep. Jeez, I hadn't seen her in weeks and now, there she was half naked under my coat—or maybe completely naked for all I knew. The passenger's door slammed as my coat came flying over the top of the Jeep. I grabbed it and hopped in behind the wheel.
"Where to?" I asked, fumbling with the keys.
"Go back the way they came, toward the dam—there's a fire trail on the right—there's a quiet place there, alongside the creek."
"Quiet's good."
After a few minutes, I pulled off into a secluded wooded area and right up to the creek bank.
"Jason—"
"Not now." The fish flopped in the back, but I ignored it and kissed her.
She scooted closer and I wrapped my arm around her cold clammy tee shirt.
"See, I didn't want to get you wet." She reached down and flipped the heater fan to hi.
It was incredible being back together—everything just fell back into place like nothing had ever happened. She had to take a break every once in awhile, and the heater—well I didn't need it for long. There was no doubt we could have stayed there all night, but there were other things—important things to consider.
"The bikers?" I tested.
She looked up from my shoulder, her dark beautiful eyes realizing the bliss was, at least for now, temporarily over. She pulled herself up and turned to face me. "I guess we need to talk."
"They following you, or you them?" I ventured.
"I'm not really sure. It started out—and then, well—they were after me—and then—"
"They were after you?"
She sighed. "That night—that dreadful night when I hurt you, I—"
"Stop right there," I interrupted. "Get this through that pretty head of yours—you are not responsible for what happened."
Her gaze sank to the console between us. "We both know that's not true."
"Listen, Izzy." I slipped my hand into hers. "I made you dress like that—I made you stay with us even though I knew how hard it would be for you—I came on to you—and I attacked you."
"But I should have—"
"I knew the risk. I knew the danger. I knew the boundaries, but I didn't care. All I wanted was to be with you. You hear that? I—I—I, that's what was wrong, I didn't stop to consider what you wanted, what you needed."
She kissed the back of my hand and then gently cupped my cheek. "I wanted it too, but it's not that simple—"
"I know."
"No, you don't, I could have killed you. Do you understand what that would have done to you mother—to me? I know you think it's some kind of magical, romantic transformation and then you're an instantaneous immortal, but it's not like that at all. I won't do that to you—I could never do that." She leaned forward and kissed me.
I scrunched up my nose to break the tension—I didn't like the way this was sounding.
"What?" she said, pulling back.
"Creek mud," I joked.
"Not funny. Seriously, I love you, and for whatever reason, you love me, so lets just accept that—for however long that is."
"Okay, for now," I said.
She kissed me again, closing the topic.
"So, back to that night," I said, "what happened after I checked out?"
"Your mom came home."
"I gathered that."
"She saw everything—the way I hurt you—my strength. She was terrified and then, well, her heart stopped. I—me—I scared her to death."
"But you saved her life."
"I thought you didn't know anything?"
"The paramedics said someone gave her CPR and that Mom's lips were ice cold—they assumed she'd been outside, but I figured it must have been you. At the hospital, the doctor's said that whoever gave her CPR saved her life."
Izzy shook her head. "No, I almost killed her."
"No, listen to me, the doctor said there was a problem with Mom's heart and that if there hadn't been a professional around when the inevitable happened, she would have died—that was you. Don't you get it, you saved her life."
"I didn't realize—I just reacted."
"Well, that's behind us and Mom's fine. So, tell me what happened after that."
"Your blood—then giving your Mom mouth-to-mouth—I can't even believe I did that in my condition. I ran—I had to. It was bad—not quite like the first time—but I needed distance, to protect you from me. I was in one of our hunting grounds, up on the ridge, before I slowed. I was feeling ashamed, and very much alone, when I got this uneasy feeling."
"You have nothing to be ashamed of."
She tried to smile, before continuing. "As I stood there, listening to the woods, I heard something else, in the distance."
"Motorcycles?"
"At first I thought it was just me, you know being paranoid, but as they got closer I became more certain. They were headed east on Route 70, so I traversed the side of the mountain and ran along the edge of the woods next to them. I can't be 100% sure, but now, after the park, I think there can be little doubt why they're here. What worries me the most though, is why are they here. Where is my family?"
"I've been to your house a few times, and I don't think they've been there recently."
"I know, I don't think so either. So, where are they, or are they?"
"You can't think like that, I'm sure they're fine."
"No, you're not, but thanks for saying it. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid to leave you here alone in case they recognize you, but I need to find the Faulkners."
"It's stopped raining," I said, opening the door, "let's take a walk." I ran around to her side of the Jeep before she got out and offered her my hand. She stepped out cautiously and it was obvious she was probing the area with her keen senses.
"Just a little ways." She took my hand and we started down the bank, weaving in and out of the trees along the shore. We hadn't gone far when the moon snuck out from behind the clouds turning the black water into a ribbon of sparkling diamonds.
"Reminds me of you in the sunlight," I said.
Izzy leaned her head against my shoulder.
"I'm such an idiot," I groaned.
"An idiot?"
"Yeah, a stupid, pathetic idiot. I thought you hated me—that I'd never see you again—I hated me."
"Jason, I'm so sorry you had to go through that." She reached up and kissed me, but changed the subject back to the current dilemma. "I don't know what to do, I can't win no matter—"
"I know exactly how you feel. When I was in a similar situation, well Coach said I had to go with my gut and—"
"Gut?"
"I went after you."
"Oh no, mister, you are not ditching school again to go traipsing around the country with me looking for the Faulkners."
"So then, what?" I asked.
"I don't know—I need to find Benjamin."
"I can see that. You have no idea where they are?"
"No. You remember, they were supposed to lead them away, but now—I mean could the biker gang have destroyed them? Is that why they're here, because I'm the last one?"
I had nothing. She was hurting and I had nothing. It was odd in a way, I could still remember how hard she tried to get away from the Faulkner's—even hated them, but here she was longing for them—for her family.
"Didn't you once tell me you had a more intense connection with Benjamin?"
"Don't you think I tried that? He taught me, but it only works with touch."
"I get that, but maybe there's a way to boost it—like if it were more than one—combined somehow."
"I don't know how."
"I know, it's a long shot." The clouds eclipsed the moon cloaking us in darkness.
"What long shot? What are you talking about?"
"Nah, it was a dumb idea anyway."
"Jason." Izzy grabbed my arm. "We're talking about my family—their safety."
"Yeah, of course. You remember Cathy?"
"Sure."
"She uh, well had some sort of relapse while we were on the West Coast."
"I know that, that's why she's not in school.
"Right. Well, Alex and I were talking—just guy stuff—and I asked him how Cathy was doing. He told me she was pretty heavily medicated because she kept babbling on and on about vampires."
"Oh!"
"That was my reaction—you did your thing on her, right? For the first time?"
Izzy just nodded.
"I had no idea where you were, or if I'd ever see you again—I was desperate, I thought maybe—maybe it worked both ways and she could help me reach out to you. Problem was, she was crazy, right?"
Izzy shook her head. "I was only trying to help her."
"So, anyway, during our last baseball tryout, Cathy came to the fence. She had this kind of wild, weird look in her eye, but I felt drawn to her. She had her fingers through the fence kind of beckoning me to touch her, so I did. You know what she said?"
"No."
"She said, 'You're human.' And—I don't know, something changed. She started talking, and well, acting normal—well, for Cathy."
"What does that mean?"
"I'm not exactly sure, but the way I see it, it's no coincidence your mind thing didn't completely work on her—there's something special about her."
"Special, like what?"
"Later that Friday, after tryouts, she came over to the house."
"Your house?"
"Yeah. She made her mom leave and then in the kitchen, when we were alone—she got this kind of thing going—not a trance or anything like that, but there was definitely something going on inside her. So, she took my hands and I could feel this electricity like at the fence, and then there you were. It startled me and when I pulled back you started to fade—I panicked—I thought she was trying to erase you from my memory." I took a second to catch my breath. "Cathy said she thought that maybe she was some kind of conduit or something and that we should try to connect with you. She took my hands, stepped close and then well, I was holding you, kissing you."
"You kissed Cathy?"
"I thought I was kissing you."
Izzy was quiet for a moment. "Friday?"
I nodded, not sure what she was looking for.
"I felt you then—you never left me, but Friday afternoon was different—more intense."
"Like maybe Cathy boosted it?"
"I don't know." She looked at my watch. "It's late, you need to get home."
"Maybe she can connect you and Benjamin—I mean the three of you—it has to be possible."
"I don't know—I don't know." She pushed back her hair. "She's not supposed to know about us—"
"You mean vampires."
"You have no idea how dangerous just knowing that is." She tugged at her hair. "I've put you both in so much danger."
"But it has to be for a reason—I mean you can't think this all just happened, right?"
"I need time to think." When we got back to the Jeep, she opened my door. "Your mom will be worried."
"You going to be okay?"
"Sure."
"Think about it?"
She nodded. "Okay."
I bent her beautiful face toward mine and kissed her. "How will I know—"
"Guess we'll have to rely on Cathy." She stepped back and closed my door. "Don't worry, Jason."
"I can't help it."
"I'll be okay." Izzy winked and then waded out into the water and disappeared beneath the surface—always covering her tracks.

Chapter 23
I let out a sigh of relief when I first spotted the house—Mom's bedroom light was out, but as I turned into the driveway, the newly planted flowerbeds were illuminated from the glow of the kitchen window. Yeah—what'd I expect. Okay, Mom was Mom, she loved me, wanted what was best for me, so honest—not secret revealing, but honest—she deserved that much. At least she wasn't waiting at the backdoor. I was even more surprised to find the kitchen empty. I wasn't an expert, but I cleaned the fish as best I could, wrapped it in paper and put it in the frig and then headed upstairs to get ready for bed—nah, there was going to be no sleeping, not until I talked to Mom.
I tapped on her bedroom door. "Hey, Mom, you awake?"
"How was the fishing?"
"I caught a nice one. I cleaned it and put it in the frig. So you maybe feel like a cup of coffee?"
"Coffee, at this hour?" The covers ruffled like she was getting out of bed.
"Okay, so maybe not at midnight. How about a glass of warm milk?" She didn't answer. "So, uh, I'll warm up the milk. See you downstairs."
I warmed the milk the easy way—popped it in the microwave. The bell rang as Mom came down the steps. She looked tired. Her smile seemed sincere as she took the cup, but I knew she was worried sick.
"Is everything alright? You're not—"
"No, Mom, we're not running off again."
"We," she repeated as we sat down at the table.
"Yeah." I hesitated—I had no idea what I was going to say.
"How is she—Izzy?"
"She's fine—no, no—she's afraid."
Mom's concerned face reappeared from behind the warm cup of milk. "You know she's welcome—"
"I know." I slid over into the chair next to her. "I don't want to lie—I won't lie—you deserve better than that."
"You're a good boy—a fine young man and I trust you—I worry, but I trust you."
"I don't want you to worry, we're perfectly safe."
"But afraid," she added.
I nodded.
We're being honest?"
I nodded again afraid of where she might take the conversation.
"The police? The witness protection?"
"Lies," I admitted.
"Just tell me you're not into anything illegal."
"Illegal!" I choked. "No, nothing illegal, I swear."
"Well, at least there's that. She's still not in school?"
"No."
"Do you know where she's staying?"
"Not exactly."
"Do you know where her parents are?"
"No."
Mom got up to take her cup to the sink. Neither of us spoke while she washed it out and set it on the drying rack. After a couple of minutes, her hands gently caressed my shoulders as she stepped in behind my chair.
"I love you." She kissed the top of my head.
I rested my hand over hers. "I love you too."
"You're at a very vulnerable time in your life, things you do, choices you make will haunt—influence the rest of your life, "she corrected. "Please be careful, don't make any rash decisions. Talk to me, I'll try not to judge, I want to help, to give you perspective."
I gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "I know this is hard. I'll try to be more upfront about stuff."
She eased back. "This is a good start. Thanks for the warm milk, I think I'll sleep better." She walked to the stairs, but turned back. "Jason."
"Yeah, Mom."
"You know I don't make many rules, but no more running off, period. I don't think I could endure another disappearing act."
"I'm sorry, Mom. I promise."
"I'm going to hold you and Izzy to that promise. Goodnight." She quietly climbed the stairs and then her footsteps disappeared down the hall toward her bedroom.
The house was quiet again. The light from the kitchen shown across the family room just barely illuminating the photograph I'd given Mom at Christmas, the one of Mom and I and the Newton's. Even then, as a child, Izzy was beautiful. I got up and walked over to the photograph. A smile crossed my lips as I stared at the very young, very human Isabella Newton. "We had no idea," I whispered. I could feel good about us again now, since she had forgiven me.
"Didn't we?"
I spun around. "Izzy—"
"Shhhh, you'll wake your mom."
"How'd you—"
"The French doors in the guest room." She looked up at the picture. "We were so young."
"Seven and twelve if memory serves me, miles apart in age."
"You were such a cute little boy. So, in human years I'm twenty two and you're seventeen. That's not very far apart."
"You don't age, you're still seventeen. You will still be seventeen when I'm fifty," I said, thinking about the future.
 "I still can't believe you gave your mom that picture. Were you tempting fate?"
"I guess it was kind of dumb, but it felt like it connected us."
"That's not what connects us," she whispered in my ear and then nibbled my earlobe.
I grasped her cheeks between my hands and pulled her lips to mine.
"Easy," she said, pulling back and then glancing upstairs.
"Mom?"
"No, it's okay. Why don't we go in the guest room?" She slipped her hand into mine and led me into the room, closing the door when we got there. She pulled my body tightly against hers. "You are my everything." She kissed me.
"Easy," I said.
She relaxed her hold and eased me back.
"You just come to tease, or did something change?"
"I've been thinking about Cathy."
"Good. And?"
"Do you think she would try? I mean I am, or what I am to be more exact is probably the reason she had the breakdown. I don't want to risk hurting her again."
"I was wondering that too, but she did make contact with you, right? I think she's come to grips with what you are and well, since she knows I know, I think she's okay with it."
"Do you think you can set something up? I'm really worried about my family."
"Tomorrow's Sunday, maybe she'll be at church. I'll see if I can talk to her then."
She kissed me on the cheek. "Sorry about teasing." She went to the door, but looked back before leaving. "I really am hopelessly in love with you."
I took a step toward her, but before I could open my mouth, she was gone. Despite the late hour, I took a cold shower before going to bed.
* * *
The car ride to church was silent, strained. I could tell Mom was still upset. She wanted to trust me, but truthfully I hadn't given her much of a reason. As we stood for the last hymn, Mom slipped out of the pew to go downstairs and help with the coffee hour. I glanced around the sanctuary for Cathy. She winked when we made eye contact. The congregation bowed our heads for the benediction and then the service was over. I turned, but Cathy and her mother were already headed down the aisle toward the stairs at the back. Alex didn't attend church, so this was going to be my best shot without him around. No need for another incident. Despite his apology, it was pretty clear he hadn't completely forgotten about what happened at my house. Like mom said, 'who could blame him?'
The crowd at coffee hour made it difficult to find Cathy. I drifted over to one of the stairs on the side of the stage for a higher vantage point, still no Cathy.
"Hey."
I looked down and Cathy was standing at the bottom of the stairs.
"Hey," I said, retreating down the steps, "how are you?"
"I'm fine. What do you want?"
I looked around; realizing how close people were to us. It would be impossible to have a private conversation.
Her gaze followed mine. "Oh, I see. Come with me."
I followed her through a side door that led to the Sunday school classrooms. We both looked down the long hallway. Except for two ladies talking in the nursery it was quiet.
"Do you need to talk to Izzy again?" she asked.
"Not exactly—we hooked up last night. I owe you for that, I don't think I could have found her without you."
Cathy's smile passed quickly. "What then?"
"Before I ask, I need to know something."
Cathy looked apprehensive. We both flinched as the door to the nursery opened and then banged shut. We stepped away from each other as a woman pushing a stroller began a hurried walk toward us. She smiled when I held the door for her and then, when the door closed, we were alone again.
"What do you want to know?" Cathy asked.
"Are you afraid of Izzy?"
"Why?"
"Are you afraid or her or not?"
She thought for a tortuous moment before answering. "Yes."
I reached for the doorknob, but she put her hand against the door stopping me from opening it.
"I answered your question, now you answer mine. What do you want?"
"Izzy needs your help."
"My help?" she responded incredulously. "Seriously?"
"She—well what she is— she's not—"
"I know what she is, just say what you came to say." She sounded annoyed.
"Okay, here goes. Izzy's not the only one, she has a family and she's separated from them and she doesn't know how to find them. We were wondering—"
"I don't know, with you, well I know both of you, I'm not sure I can find someone I don't know."
"Her father has a similar ability, like Izzy, would that help?"
"It might, I just don't know."
"I'm sure he must be worried about her, so he has to be thinking about her, so maybe if you can boost Izzy's thoughts out into the vast cosmos, they could find each other."
Cathy smirked. "Vast cosmos, really?"
"I don't know." I shrugged.
"When? Where?"
"Then you'll try?"
"If you're there."
"Sure, no problem. Daytime probably won't work, with Alex and your mom and all, can you get out of the house at night?"
"I think so."
Where, I pondered. Izzy's was no good; Cathy didn't need to know anymore than necessary. The soccer fields behind school closed at dark and were patrolled. The school had security cameras, so it was out. "I've got no clue as to where."
"There's an old playhouse behind my house. I think it's big enough we can all fit."
"What about your mom?"
"It's under the canopy of a willow tree, so we'll be secluded." 
"Okay, what time works for you?"
"I usually go to bed around 9:30 and Mom's in bed shortly after."
"So say, 10:00 or 10:30?"
"Better make it 10:30 just to be safe, sometimes Mom stays up to read."
"Okay, tomorrow night then, at 10:30." I forgot myself and gave her a hug in appreciation. Just then, the door opened.
"There you are," Cathy's mom said with a judgmental stare toward me.
I quickly let go and stepped away from Cathy.
"Hey, Mom, we were just catching up on school stuff."
"I see." She didn't look or sound convinced. "It's time to go."
"Okay, see you Jason."
"I'll tell Izzy you said hi."
"Izzy Faulkner?" Cathy's mom inquired. "How is she?"
"Um, well, better," I said.
"She's missed an awful lot of school, is she ill?"
"But better."
"Oh, I'm glad to hear that. When you see her, would you tell her I have her makeup work in the office?"
"Sure, no problem."
"Bye, Jason." Cathy pulled her mom through the doorway.
* * *
Monday had to be the slowest day ever. I had no way of knowing if Izzy would know to come by, I just had to hope. Practice was good, Coach was real stoked about Friday's win and really took it easy on us. When I got home, I showered, had dinner and then did my homework. I watched television with Mom, but made an excuse to turn in early hoping she might do the same. No such luck. Finally, around 10:15 her bedroom light went out.
I was in trouble now, still no Izzy and it was doubtful I could start the Jeep without Mom hearing it—maybe my bicycle—I'd be late, but better late than never. I slipped downstairs unnoticed and decided to go out through the guestroom since it was further away from Mom's bedroom.
"Jeez!" I gasped as I opened the door to Izzy's silhouette. "You sacred the crap out of me."
"Sorry. You're late, I was getting ready to come up and get you."
"Then you know?"
"Sure, thanks. There's no time for your Jeep." She swept me up on her back and we took off through the underbrush.
Talk about a rush, this was incredible. Sure, I felt lame, riding on her back, but the experience was amazing to say the least. It was almost frightening how fast we weaved through the trees and over obstacles. My legs started to hurt from Izzy's steel grip, but I figured it was necessary to keep me from falling off. Besides the exhilaration of the run, the wind blowing though Izzy's hair and washing over me was magnificent. I had to remind myself where we were going and why. Finally Izzy slowed and we came out of the woods about a block from Cathy's house. There were streetlights, but I followed Izzy though the backyards until we reached Cathy's.
"There," I said, pointing toward the willow in her backyard. "Is she there?" I glanced down at my watch it was 10:45.
"She's there." Izzy glanced around. "Why don't you go ahead to make sure she's okay, I don't want to frighten her?"
"Okay, I'll wave when we're ready."
"Just say my name, I'll hear you."
"Right, kind of forgot." I slipped along the hedge until I was just outside the umbrella of willow branches. "Cathy, it's Jason."
"You're late." She opened one of the small, plastic, shutters and peered out at me.
"Sorry, my mom stayed up late."
"Where's Izzy?"
"Here I am," Izzy said, gliding up next to me. "You okay?"
"We better hurry, Mom checks on me sometimes."
"After you," I said, opening the tiny door.
To say the playhouse was cramped was an understatement and I knew it was going to be a problem for Izzy. Cathy didn't seem afraid, but she was cautious.
"I don't think this is such a good idea," Izzy said from inside the cramped confines.
"Tell you what," I said, "how about I participate from just outside the window? Is that okay with you, Cathy?"
"As long as I can see you."
"Okay. Excuse me, coming through." I squeezed past Izzy and then knelt down next to the window.
"I really appreciate you doing this," Izzy offered.
"I don't know if it will work. What's your father's name?"
"Benjamin."
"Falkner, like you?"
"Yes."
"Jason said your father has a similar gift."
"Yes, he taught me so I could try to help you get past the incident with Derrick."
Cathy shivered. "I think for this to have a chance, we will need to hold hands."
"That include me?" I asked.
"Let me try with just Izzy." Cathy took a deep breath and slowly let it escape.
From my spot outside the window, I could tell Izzy was nervous, with good reason, a lot depended on tonight's outcome. Izzy slowly extended her hands, palms up.
"I should warn you," Cathy said, "we will connect, like we were one, our thoughts—our memories will be exposed. Are you okay with that?"
"No, but—"
"No?" I interrupted. They both shot me that annoyed girl glare.
"No, but I will do what I must to find my family. One more thing, I don't know exactly how much you know about me, but no matter what you see, I will not hurt you."
Cathy silently nodded. "Let's give this a try." She slowly reached for Izzy and rested her palms in Izzy's.
I could see the surprise in Izzy's eyes, but Cathy showed no reaction. Her head sank forward, her face disappearing beneath her black hair. She shook her head from side-to-side, mumbling Benjamin's name. After a minute, her head rolled back and she continued to call Benjamin's name. Her body shook with a tremor and her head rolled forward until her gaze fell on Izzy, and then—nothing. Their eyes were intensely locked on one another, neither flinched. 
After forever it seemed, I asked, "Are you guys okay?"
Izzy blinked. "Benjamin? Benjamin, is that you?"
Suddenly, Cathy jerked her hands back and then slumped forward. Again, her face disappeared under her hair.
"Is she okay?" I asked.
"Shh," Izzy replied, but after another minute, she spoke to Cathy. "Are you alright?"
For her to ask, told me the connection was broken. Cathy suddenly inhaled deeply and then sat up straight.
"Well?" she asked.
"No," Izzy mumbled, "I'm afraid not."
"I'm sorry."
"Thank you for trying." Izzy looked at me and I could tell that meant she was leaving and this time, it would be without me.
Cathy seemed to pick up on our unspoken fear of what lay ahead.
"Perhaps if we included Jason," Cathy suggested.
"You think that could help?" Izzy asked.
"To say you two are close would be a gross understatement, so maybe together we'll have a better chance."
"I'm in," I offered.
Izzy hesitated. "Will our feelings be exposed to one another?" she asked.
"I don't know," Cathy replied, "I've never done this with more than one." She looked at me.
"Really, I was your first?" I pondered.
Cathy sneered, "Not funny."
"He's incorrigible," Izzy explained.
"Don't I know," Cathy replied.
Okay, so I was totally embarrassed, and if this went the way Cathy thought, Izzy would soon know just how incorrigible I really was. I guess Cathy already did—that was wrong on so many levels.
Cathy opened the shutter around the corner of the tiny playhouse.
"Seriously," I said, "you want me to reach in through two different windows?"
"There's not enough room for all of us," Izzy replied.
"Great, gonna look like I'm humpin' the dollhouse. Hope nobodies out walking their dog."
"Lets begin," Cathy encouraged.
I assumed a position like a baseball catcher with my knees straddling the corner of the tiny playhouse and stuck one arm through each window. Izzy's cool hand took mine first, and then the electric spark when Cathy grasped my other hand. I couldn't see anything but the plastic wall this time, but felt the connection with Cathy, but not with Izzy—that probably wasn't a good sign. I was a little relieved on another level. No need for exposing my adolescent yearnings for her, of course it also meant I couldn't feel hers—at least I hoped that was what I was missing.
"Benjamin?" Izzy said about the same time my leg started to cramp.
"Izzy?" Cathy replied. "How—"
"Daddy, Daddy, I need you," Izzy cried.
My thigh cramped at that moment, and I kicked the playhouse with a loud, thud, and fell back into the bushes.

Chapter 24
We arrived back at my house after a silent trip. It was pretty obvious, Izzy wasn't happy about my screwing things up at Cathy's. 
"I'm sorry," I offered. "I held out as long as I could."
"I know. It's not your fault."
"So I guess you got Cathy back to her room okay?"
"I got her upstairs before her mom came out of her room and I managed to hide so she didn't see me. Cathy did great, told her mom she was just getting a glass of water. Her mom was so groggy, she didn't notice Cathy was dressed."
"Well, at least we didn't get her in any trouble."
Izzy glanced upstairs.
"Mom?"
"It's okay, she just rolled over."
"Are you leaving?"
"I don't know."
"But I thought—"
"Before I left Cathy, she told me the bikers were leaving Middletown, headed for somewhere in Arkansas."
"I guess they bought my story back at the park then. What about Benjaim, did the connection work?"
"I definitely felt him, but I can't be sure it went both ways."
"I'm really sorry I screwed up."
"This wouldn't have been possible without you."
"So now what?" I asked hesitantly, not sure I wanted to hear the answer.
"I don't know. It sounds like the bikers are gone, and I didn't feel as if Benjamin was in any danger. Maybe things are okay."
"That's good, right? You know, I didn't mention this before, but when I was talking to Cathy after church, her mom said she has your makeup work."
"You want me to come back to school?"
"Of course I do, if that's what you want. You said everything was okay."
"I don't know, there'd be lots of questions."
"I'm sure we could figure something out. Heck, we're getting pretty good at the whole cloak and dagger thing, don't you think?"
"I'll think about it." She glanced upstairs again. "You better get some sleep."
"Sure, you're probably right." I turned and opened the door. 
"I love you."
When I looked back, Izzy was gone.
* * *
Mom was in the kitchen when I came down the next morning.
"You plan on going to school like that?" she said.
I looked down and realized I had the pants on from last night and the knees were still wet. "Shoot, I forgot to put these in the laundry yesterday." I raced upstairs and changed before she could ask any more questions.
I didn't see Izzy the rest of the week and while I missed her, I wasn't as afraid for her. We didn't have a game or practice on Friday, so I went straight home after school. "Hey, Mom," I yelled up the stairs.
"I'm right here," she replied, walking into the kitchen.
"Sorry, I didn't see you. What's new?" As soon as I asked, I knew I shouldn't have—
"I just got off the phone with the principal, she was hoping to talk to you."
"About?"
"She wanted to know how Izzy was doing. Apparently you told Mrs. Hall after church that Izzy was feeling better."
"I didn't lie, honest. She made some assumptions and I just kind of went along."
Mom shook her head.
"I know," I confessed, "technically it's the same as lying."
"Well, I can't scold you when I did the same thing."
"I'm not sure I follow."
"Well, Ms. Moore assumed Izzy was still with us and I didn't correct her. You know I don't like doing things like that, but—oh, I don't know, she's been through so much."
"That's great, Mom, but I don't know—"
There was a knock at the backdoor. "Go ahead and get a snack, I'll get it," Mom said as she walked down the short hall to the backdoor.
"Thanks." I opened the frig and pulled out the milk and jelly. When I closed the door, Mom was backing away from the door. "Who is it?"
"Hi, Mrs. Whitaker."
"Is that Cathy?" I asked, but Mom just kept backing down the hall. Oh crap, I realized, maybe Cathy's mom figured out I was at her house Monday night or we'd lied about Izzy being here.
Mom seemed to regain her composure. "Please, come in girls."
I set the milk and jelly on the counter. No way. My heart did a little flip when Izzy and Cathy stepped around the corner. Despite my excitement, I didn't say a word. I had no idea how this was going to go.
"I hope we're not interrupting," Cathy said.
"We could come back later if it's a bad time," Izzy added.
"Jason was just getting a snack, could I get you something?" Mom offered.
"Well, my lucky day," I interrupted, "the two prettiest girls in school."
Cathy blushed and I knew Izzy would have if it were possible. Cathy stepped back, nudging Izzy toward Mom and I. "Well, if everything is cool, then I'll leave you to talk." Cathy said. "I just came along for moral support."
Izzy glanced at Cathy looking very apprehensive like she was about to chicken out.
"It'll be okay," Cathy whispered. "Just like you told me." Cathy took another step back. "I'll wait in the car for you."
"Thanks," Izzy whispered to her and then turned to face Mom and I as Cathy slipped out the backdoor. It was so quiet that I heard the car door close.
"It's nice to see you again," Mom finally said.
"I'm sorry," Izzy started.
"Are you—"
"Jeez, Mom, give her a chance," I said.
Izzy took a deep breath and sighed. She had gotten really good at mimicking human gestures. "Yes Ma'am, I am. You've been very kind to me and I know I've been very trying."
"Well, you've been going through a difficult—"
"Please, Mrs. Whitaker, let me get this out."
"Very well."
"I'm very thankful for your generosity, for helping me try to fit in at school, for taking me in when I had no place to go, but we all know I don't belong here."
"Whoa, whoa, don't include me in that camp," I interrupted.
"Well, I'm sure your mom agrees."
Mom didn't respond definitely indicating she agreed.
"Well I guess you've already figured it out, but I'm not going to be staying with you anymore."
"Let me run upstairs and get a few things," I said.
They both shot me a don't even think about it glare.
"You promised," Izzy said, "for both of us. Besides, I'm not leaving, I'm staying with my sister."
"Melanie?" I asked.
"Yes," Izzy replied with a smile.
Mom looked at me suspiciously. "I didn't know you knew her sister."
"Sure, I met all of her family before I headed across country." That brought a frown to Mom's face. "So Melanie is staying with you now?" I asked Izzy.
"No, actually I'm staying at Melanie's."
"Is it far?" I remember Izzy talking about Melanie's, but for all I knew she was talking about North Carolina.
"It's kind of off the beaten path you might say."
"I bet." I let slip out.
"Will you be going back to school?" Mom asked. I'm pretty sure she was hoping 'off the beaten path' meant a different school district.
"I hope so, I have an appointment with Ms. Moore first thing Monday morning."
"Oh, that reminds me," Mom said, "I just got off the phone with her. She called to see how you were, and well, I kind of let her think you've been ill."
"Don't worry, it'll be our little secret." Izzy winked with that little sparkle in her eye. "If it would be okay, I think I left a few things."
"Certainly." Mom stepped toward the sink.
"I'll help—"
"Jason..." Mom and Izzy echoed.
"Hey," I shrugged, "can't blame a guy for trying."
"I won't be but a minute," Izzy said and then went into the guest room and closed the door.
"Pretty cool, right?" I tested.
Mom forced a smile, but I could tell she was none too happy about the turn of events. It was pretty obvious, she would have preferred Izzy was out of my life for good. True to Izzy's word, the bedroom door opened.
"Well, I think that's all of it. I really do appreciate everything that you've done for me. I'm not sure how I can ever repay your generosity."
Mom's expression softened considerably. "Well, it was the least we could do. I hope everything works out for you and your family. Please tell you mother that I am so, very grateful for that special time you and I had together."
Izzy glanced at me inquisitively. I think Mom just thanked Izzy for saving her life.
"You want me to take you to your sisters?" I asked.
"No, that's not necessary, she's going to pick me up at Cathy's."
"Well at least let me walk you out to the car." I grabbed the small backpack she was holding and slipped my arm around her.
"Thanks again, Mrs. Whitaker. I truly am sorry for all the commotion I caused."
I pulled up short when I saw Mrs. Hall in the car with Cathy. "That went pretty good, right?"
"I guess," Izzy said. "I really am so sorry for all that I put you and your mom through."
"You want to go to a movie or something tonight? I could swing by and pick you up."
"Yeah, you can't really drive to Melanie's."
"So you really are staying with her, it wasn't just a story?"
"Shh," Izzy hushed me, "keep your voice down."
Mrs. Hall looked our way and then fumbled with the radio trying not to look obvious.
"So seriously, a movie?"
"I'll see you at school, okay?" She leaned forward and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.
"Sure, at school." I walked Izzy to the car. Cathy's mom looked annoyed when I gave Izzy a kiss goodbye. "Thanks a lot Mrs. Hall, and thanks Cathy, I owe you." I stepped back and they drove off.
Mom was still standing at the sink when I got back, like she hadn't moved.
"I guess you were right," I said, sitting down at the table.
"How so?"
"Like you said, one day at a time and things will work out for the best."
Her eyes definitely narrowed. "Yes. Well, I have some laundry to finish up." And with that, Mom headed for the laundry room.

Chapter 25  Izzy
Cathy's mom was really suspicious when Melanie showed up in Tink's old pickup. I have to admit, she didn't look like the pickup type. With Cathy's help, I was able to convince her mom that everything was cool, that I had a place to stay and that Melanie was more than old enough to be responsible for me. It didn't help that Melanie stayed in the truck, but knowing what she did, I think Cathy was glad. In the end, Mrs. Hall let me go—what choice did she have?
Melanie and I had agreed to stay at her place, since neither of us was absolutely certain that the Faulkner house on Lambs Knoll wasn't being watched. It would make school a little more challenging if the weather was bad, but there was only two more months and then school would be out for the summer. We even found a nice crop of trees near the road where I could hide the truck. All things considered, I was grateful that Benjamin had sent Melanie and even happier to have one of my kind as company.
"So, school in the morning?" Melanie asked.
"Yeah, I hope."
"Nervous about the principal?"
"From her perspective I must seem like a very troubled girl, from an extremely dysfunctional family."
"You're not anymore. Just be honest, without the details."
"I'm not thinking she's going to buy my vampire parents have gone to protect me from a crazed biker gang."
"Ah, ah, ah, without the detail. You're staying with your sister—me—while your parents are away working out their problems."
"That makes it sound like—"
"Exactly, and it wouldn't be proper to ask any more than that. Let me see," Melanie added, grasping my jaw and turning my head from side-to-side. "Perfect," she concluded looking into my eyes, measuring their shade of gold no doubt. She opened the door and we went inside.
"You must miss Nathan."
"I do, but he and Tink had to try to find Buford and Ward."
"You make it sound like we're getting the entire family together."
Melanie patted my cheek. "Nothing for you to worry about." 
We got caught up while I did my makeup work. It really was incredible, how in such a short time, Benjamin had been able to learn so much from me. He was intrigued and concerned about Cathy's gift, but thankful she had been able to help. Although I couldn't help feel like Melanie was keeping something from me, there was no point in fretting over it, she was very good at diversion. Before we knew it, the sky began to brighten.
"I see you're back to your, shall we say, sultry look," Melanie said as I came out of her bedroom in black jeans and a gray long-sleeved tee shirt.
"I've got enough on my plate, I don't need any girl drama, especially today."
She smiled, and then winked. "Good choice. Do you want me to come with you?"
"You'd do that?" I puzzled.
"Oh, I didn't mean—just as far as the truck."
"I'll be fine."
"Don't forget your make up work."
"Right." I grabbed the folder Cathy's mom had given me off the mantel. Well, I guess here goes."
Melanie walked me to the door. "Good luck, although with your charm, I doubt you'll need it."
"Thanks."
Melanie closed the door and I made the short two-mile run to the pickup. I had to be careful not to get drenched as I peeled away the dew soaked branches we'd used to cover the truck, but I managed. The road was quiet, so I backed out and headed for school.
I arrived before Jason, which was the plan. I knew he was worried, and would be supportive, but I didn't want him to have to deal with the possibility that this might go badly. I hesitated before getting out of the truck, Ms. Moore might have already made up her mind and there might be absolutely nothing I could do about it. I was halfway across the parking lot when I saw Jason's Jeep come over the hill. He was early. I was inside before he could see me.
"Oh!" Mrs. Hall said. "You startled me."
"Sorry."
"I'm afraid Ms. Moore isn't here yet."
I glanced out the window toward the parking lot. Jason laid his hand on the hood of the pickup and then started toward the school.
"Do you think she'd mind if I waited in her office?"
Mrs. Hall glanced out the window. "No, I think under the circumstances that would be fine."
"Thanks."
Mrs. Hall closed the door behind me as Jason entered the office.
"Oh, hey, Mrs. Hall."
"Good morning, Jason."
"Is she—"
"Yes, Izzy is in—"
"Good morning, Jason, Mrs. Hall," Ms. Moore said.
"Izzy is waiting in your office," Mrs. Hall said.
"I was thinking maybe I could—"
"Jason," Ms. Moore said, "the school is not open yet. I think it would be best for everyone concerned if you waited out front with the other students."
"Yeah, sure." I could hear the disappointment in his voice. He was really worried.
The door opened. "Ah, there you are, Ms. Faulkner. Give me just a minute and we can get started." She put the things she was carrying away and then sat down behind her desk. After fumbling with some papers, she pulled out a folder from her center drawer and then opened it up on the desk. "Well then, it seems you have a legitimate excuse for your absence. I do hope you're feeling better, but I'm more concerned about the big picture."
"I have my make up work." I set the folder on the corner of her desk.
There was no audible sound, but from her body language, Ms. Moore sighed. She attempted a smile, but it was strained. "I'm sure you'll get an 'A' on all of it." She thought for a minute before continuing. "Izzy, last time I missed the trouble signs, I can't pretend I don't see them this time. I think it is probably best if we involve social services. They are good, caring people."
Don't panic I told myself, remember what Melanie said. "You should know something, before you do that."
"Alright." Ms. Moore leaned forward in her chair.
"I'm staying with my sister now, so my parents can work on some family problems."
"I see, but I'm still not convinced they are providing you the support you need."
"If you would have said that last semester I probably would have agreed, but deep down I know what they're doing they're doing for me. Sure, we've had some problems, my mysterious adoption, running away to find my birth mother, all of that, but I belong with them, I know I belong with them." I was getting defensive, angry. "If you can't see that—" I stood. "I'm smart enough, I don't need school."
"Please sit down, Izzy."
"I'm sorry, we've just been through so much. Getting kicked out of school—taken away from them, I don't know how—"
Ms. Moore paused, to calm the situation. She was really good at her job. "What does you father do for a living?"
"He's and artist."
"And you mother?"
"She stays at home."
"I see."
"Oh, we aren't hurting for money if that's what you're thinking. My dad's done quite well in the past and his art is more of a hobby than a source of income."
"He must be where you get your talent." She looked me over. "I see you're wearing black again."
"There's so much drama with the girls, I just don't need any more to deal with. You heard what they called me? 'Emo gone runway.' I just can't deal with that, not now."
"Well, it sounds like you've made a good choice, at least for now. I know high school girls can be insensitive." She slid the papers on her desk back into the folder with my name.
I braced myself for what I was sure would be bad news. What choice did she have, parents missing in action, delinquent, runaway student.
"How are you and Jason doing?"
"I suppose you heard what the kids are saying—I'm pregnant? I'm not—I wouldn't—Jason and I haven't and won't, he respects me for that."
She smiled. Maybe there was still hope. "Mrs. Whitaker certainly has nice things to say about you and she took full responsibility for not getting in touch with the school during your illness."
"Really?"
"You seem surprised."
"It's just—well, I don't think she approves of my relationship with Jason."
"Well, she's gone though a rough time herself, I imagine she can empathize with you."
"I never really thought about it like that, I guess you have a point."
"I'm glad to see things are improving at home and that you have someone close to look after you. You certainly seem to be acting in a very mature manner when it comes to your relationship with Jason. These are good signs."
"But?"
She got up and walked around to my side of her desk. "We missed the trouble signs the first time, I was lacks with you dropping by once a week, so this time I think we need to make our visits mandatory. I would like to see you three times a week for the remainder of the school year. Do you think your sister would agree to that?"
"I'm sure."
"Do you have a problem with coming in before class?"
"No, I'm up early anyway."
She walked back around to her side of the desk and then flipped through her calendar. "I'm going to mark you in on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'd like for us to spend at least half an hour together."
"Sure, that would be nice."
"Excellent. Like I told you before, I don't like to lose. See Mrs. Hall for a note."
"Thanks." I got up and headed for the door.
"Drop by after class, I'll have a letter for your sister."
"Yes Ma'am, and thanks, I won't let you down, I promise."
"Don't let yourself down," she corrected.
Jason was pacing in the hallway when I got out of Ms. Moore's office. He looked so worried as I waited for my note from Mrs. Hall. Finally I was able to join him.
"Hey," he said, wrapping his arm around me, "you look great."
"Not disappointed?"
"Runway gone Emo," he joked.
I laughed half heartedly. "Guess that should turn some heads."
Ms. Moore was watching us from her doorway as we turned to head toward class. This time though, we didn't over react. Jason waved with his free hand, and I smiled. Best of all, she smiled back. She hadn't forgotten what it was like to be a teenager.
"Seriously?" Lisa droned as she walked by with her friends.
"Hey," Jason shot back, with an edge of anger in his voice.
"Let it go," I said, tugging at his arm. "It's not worth it."
"You sure?"
"It's you and me, I don't care about anything else—well at least at school."
Jason's smile was infectious. He leaned down for a kiss.
"Hello, we're in school." I nodded toward the Vice Principal who was standing at the corner up ahead.
"Right."
Jason walked me to class, and like before, everything just fell back into place. Sure, there were the sideways glances, and whispers, but even those had died down by lunch. Alex sat with Jason and I at the outsider's table, but it was weird not having Cathy with us. Other than that, it was like old times. Jason met me outside of class after the final bell. He had baseball practice, but I promised to wait for him. Ms. Moore glanced my way when she left for the day. I was pretty sure she saw me even though she didn't return my wave. I opened the letter she'd written to Melanie again. It was simple enough, just verifying that she approved of my meeting with her three days a week. She also offered her support if Melanie needed any assistance. She really was a nice person.
I met Jason after practice like we'd planned, like we'd done all through football season. It was wonderful being with him, just talking and joking around. The days were longer now, so that posed a new problem—more probing stares from the people who were out. We stayed in the school parking lot, which opened us up to the judgmental stares from the jogging crowd, but it was better than the scowls from the soccer moms.
Once baseball season ended, we got to spend more time together. We added walks through the park and a few weekend hikes up in the mountains. It was fun testing his endurance. I don't think he realized it, but he was going to be in great shape for football season. This was the last weekend before school let out and despite his mom's objections we'd decided to take a break from studying for finals and head up to the lake at Greenbrier State Park. It didn't take much convincing, so we went around through the woods to the far side of the lake where we could be alone. Being together was amazing. We splashed in the lake, although the water was still cold for Jason, and then lay in the sun to warm up. Kissing, Jason with his shirt off, the outdoors, a perfect afternoon.
"So, I should probably tell you something," Jason said.
"Okay." His tone made me think I wasn't going to like whatever it was.
"So, with summer coming and all, I got a job."
"That's great."
"Yeah, well, before you get all happy about it, there's something you should know." He propped himself up on his elbows so he could see my face. "I'm going to have to work nights and on Saturdays."
"Oh."
"I know it sucks, heck I'd just as soon spend the whole summer in your arms, but well, Mom insisted I get a job. She said it would look good on my college applications, but I think she had an ulterior motive."
"Well, I agree, about the college applications. You need to plan for the future."
He laughed, and then rolled up against me. His kiss was as warm and loving as ever. He broke the kiss, brushed back my hair and stared deep into my eyes. "So what is our future?"
I wasn't ready for that. "I don't have a future, Jason. I'm stuck like this, forever."
"You're wrong, that's the perfect future."
"No it's not." I got up, annoyed with the turn in the conversation. "I'll never contribute to society, hold a job, or have a family. All my existence will do is keep the deer population in check."
"That's funny."
I spun around and leered at him.
"Okay," he recanted, "maybe not so funny." He got up and took me in his arms. "I'm just thinking that your future would be better with me in it don't you think? Okay, so that sounded totally conceded, but you know what I mean."
"I do, and that's not going to happen, ever." I pulled him tighter and kissed him. "I love you Jason. You're my whole world, and that makes what you ask impossible." I kissed him again. "We should go, the park's going to close soon."
We dropped the subject, but the trip home was silent for the most part. It seemed no matter what I did, he was never going to understand that this was not an existence I would wish on anyone, particularly for someone that I loved.
* * *
Even though Wednesday was the last day of school, I still had to meet with Ms. Moore. Our meetings were awkward at first and we hadn't really talked about anything of any importance, but I had also learned that she truly did care about each of her students especially me and Cathy.
"What's bothering you today?" Ms. Moore asked.
"Something Jason said."
"Is he pressuring you—"
"No, no, nothing like that. We went up to the lake over the weekend—kind of a break from studying—and he asked what was in my future."
"I told him I didn't have a future." Oops, shouldn't have said that.
Ms. Moore got up from behind her desk and then sat with me on the couch. "Of course you do. You're extremely intelligent, gifted and a hard worker. I think you can do anything you put your mind to. The question is, what do you want?"
"I don't know, I just can't see a future."
"This has been a difficult year for you, moving to a new school, learning you were adopted, meeting your birth mother and then the difficulties your adopted family is going through. I know a lot of adults who couldn't deal with just one of those issues as well as you have. You are truly a remarkable young lady and I have no doubt whatsoever that you have a bright future." For a moment it looked like she might reach for my hand, but she seemed to think better of it. "Do you think Jason is part of your future?"
"I don't—" I shook my head, not wanting to discuss him with her.
"Don't be afraid, I'm not going to judge. Let me say this, hypothetically speaking. Jason is a fine young man, does well in class, a gifted athlete and very talented artistically in his own right. I think a girl could do much worse." She winked. "And very handsome too I might add."
That brought a smile to my face. He was all those things and so, so much more.
"Well, I think you're doing splendidly. I hope I have an opportunity to meet your family next year, perhaps at back to school night." She stood. "I'd like to continue our morning get-togethers next year if that's agreeable with you."
"Next year, sure." I hadn't thought about next year.
"We'll work out the details when school starts. Well, I hope you have a nice summer. Run along now, you don't want to be late for class."
I paused at the door and turned back. "Thank you."
She looked up with an empathetic smile. "You're quite welcome. I think working with you has been one of the highlights of my year. Have a great summer, and have some fun, you deserve it."

Chapter 26
The rest of June flew by. Jason was right about his job, it did keep us from seeing each other as often as we would have liked, but our time together was still magical. Instead, I spent a lot of time in the woods, at my pool, which was now lush and beautiful again and with Melanie. There was nothing specific I could put my finger on, but as the days and weeks passed, I could sense Melanie's growing concern over the whereabouts of the rest of the Faulkners.
"I think I'm going to relax at the pool," I said, filling in the last bit of the hole where I'd buried my kill. "Want to come with me?"
"I'll race you."
I took off after her through the underbrush, but as we closed on the creek, she suddenly pulled up.
"What?" I said, skidding to a stop next to her.
"Listen."
I probed the area ahead of us and finally caught the sound of a high-pitched giggle. It almost sounded like the birds.
"There's someone there," Melanie whispered.
"I wonder who? This is a long way off the beaten path, especially on foot."
As we crept forward, the woods were suddenly filled with he deep base from a boom box, then, a loud splash.
"Come on, chicken, the water's great," a familiar male voice called.
"Derrick?" I guessed.
"You know him?" Melanie asked.
"The school bully," I answered.
"Oh, the one you—"
"I don't have a bathing suit," Lisa said.
"That's the point." Derrick said.
Melanie and I crept up behind a large fallen tree and then peered through the branches as Lisa waded into the pool in her underwear. I glanced over at the sandy beach and saw Derrick's clothes—all of his clothes. Disgusting, my pool would never be the same.
"Want to grab their clothes?"
"Melanie!" 
She got this strange look on her face. "I did that to Tink and Emma once."
"Who's Emma?"
"Emma," she sighed with fondness.
"Who was she?"
"Emma was decades ago. I think you would call her a girlfriend."
"Tink had a girlfriend?"
"Not since Emma. Come on, we should leave them alone."
"I don't know, I don't like the looks of it. Why would he bring her so far out into the woods if—"
"Isn't that what you and Jason do?"
"That's different, Jason's a good guy he wouldn't—"
"He couldn't," Melanie corrected.
"Oh alright, you're probably right, just a little skinny dipping, no harm in that."
We were halfway back to Melanie's when I heard Lisa scream. There are a lot of different screams, screams of delight, screams of surprise, screams of terror, and then there was this scream. Melanie and I raced back through the woods at incredible speed.
"She's running," I said.
"He's just getting out of the water. What do we do?"
"Slow him down, I'll hide her. And don't let him see you." I added.
"Okay." Melanie veered off toward the pool as we closed on their location.
There was a thud, and then Derrick's cursing as he rolled through the underbrush. I flanked Lisa and glided in behind a tree out of sight. She screamed again, and then collapsed to the ground, clutching her clothes to her bare chest. She was crying hysterically.
"Shh, it's going to be okay," I said, stooping down to her. "Hurry, you have to hide."
"What are you doing here?" she said in an exasperated tone, probably to mask her fear.
I stood. "Derrick's not far behind."
Lisa scrambled to her feet and I led her into a thicket well out of sight. She stared at me incredulously. Derrick showed up a short time later, beating the bushes with a stick and cursing.
"You know you want it!" he yelled. "Ya freakin' cry baby." He poked around for a little while longer before frustration won out. "Have it your way. Good luck findin' your way home. You can rot out here for all I care. I'm tellin' all the guys you were easy, like they don't already know that, ha." With that, his footsteps slowly faded off into the woods.
"Is he gone?" Lisa asked.
"Not yet, but he's on his way, you're safe."
"Of course I'm safe, what did you think?"
I nodded toward the ball of clothes she was clutching to her chest. "Really?"
"Were you spying on me?" she said while she started to get dressed. "That's like so creepy." Once dressed, she pushed her way out of the thicket and into a small clearing. I followed, cautiously.
"You know how to get home?" I asked.
"Of course I do." She spun around several times trying to get her bearings, but there was little doubt she was hopelessly lost.
"Do you know which way you came?"
"That way." She pointed in the direction of Route 70—the wrong direction.
"Do you have your cell phone?"
She felt her back pocket. "I must have dropped it at the creek."
Melanie tossed the phone silently into a pile of leaves. "Is that it?" I said, pointing toward the leaves.
"Perfect, I guess it fell out of my pocket." She suddenly tensed when I turned. "Is he coming back?"
"No, but there are some hikers just through there." I pointed down the slope.
"I don't hear anything."
"Come on, before they get too far away."
Lisa followed at an incredibly slow pace, I though we were never going to catch up, but the hikers finally stopped for a water break. I pulled up behind a tree, keeping out of their sight. Lisa staggered up next to me.
"See them." I pointed. "It's a man and his wife, you'll be safe with them, they'll get you home."
"How do you know they're married?"
Just then, the hikers got up.
"Hello," I called, "can you wait a minute, please, I'm lost." I turned back to Lisa. "Go on, they're waiting."
Lisa looked at me apprehensively. She could probably see her entire school image going up in flames. Lisa, Miss Popularity, Cheer Captain rescued by the creepy Emo girl.
"No one has to know," I said, "it'll be our little secret."
She started off toward the hikers. "Thanks for waiting, I'm, like so totally lost." She turned back and silently mouthed the word, 'thanks.'
I met up with Melanie back at the pool.
"Well, I do declare, this is the most fun I've had in years."
"We did a good thing," I said, "he was going to hurt her, maybe ruin her whole life."
"Maybe end it," Melanie added.
"Well, not today. I'll race you back to your place." I took off through the woods with Melanie in close pursuit.
* * *
Jason had to work the entire Fourth of July holiday, but we made plans for a date night the following Sunday, after church of course. I always met him at his house, it made it easier, but I never actually went in to see his mom—it just seemed better that way.
"Hey, there you are," Jason called as I pulled up into his driveway. My stomach did a little flip when he came racing across the hot pavement in bare feet and just mesh shorts. He jumped up on the running board.
I gave him a quick kiss. "Nice to see you too. Where are we headed?"
"Miniature golf again, but you have to promise to give me a chance."
"What fun would it be if I let you win?"
"Ahhh." He hopped onto a shady spot and opened my door. "Before we go, I want you to come inside for a minute."
"I'm not so sure that's the best idea, your mom—well, you know she's not my biggest fan."
"It'll be okay, it's important."
"I guess, but if—"
"Perfect." He held out his arm and escorted me to the backdoor. I intentionally went slowly to see if he'd let go because of the hot pavement, but he didn't, he just smiled and kept walking. By the time we reached the steps, tears were streaming down his cheeks. "Hey Mom, Izzy's here," he half gasped, obviously relieved to be off the hot pavement.
I was surprised not to see her at the sink, it seemed like she was always there when I came around. This time, she was in the family room, on the sofa, knitting. She looked up, but didn't say anything. Jason tried to steer me toward the sofa where she was sitting, but I redirected him over to the chair by the fireplace.
"I'll be right back," Jason said as he raced off up the stairs.
I folded my hands in my lap and sat quietly in the awkward silence. Jason was fumbling around in his room like he'd lost something. "I wonder what's keeping him?" I said and glanced up. It was then that I realized his mother was looking at me, and then the picture over the fireplace—not good. "Maybe I should go and see," I said as I stood.
"I'm sure he'll be along, you're a few minutes early." She returned to her knitting, but I moved to the chair closest to the kitchen just the same. A few minutes later, Jason came stumbling down the stairs. He stared at the piece of paper in his hand like he was reading something and then stuffed it in his pocket.
"Hey," he said, apologetically, "sorry about that." He glanced over at his mom. "Mom, you paying attention? This involves you too." He seemed very anxious—excited.
His mom set her knitting down and looked up with a placid expression.
"So, you know Izzy and I have been seeing each other and all, so this isn't really a big surprise, but I just wanted to make it official." He turned to me and reached down in his other pocket. "From this moment on, I live for your happiness, beside you is where I belong. For you, I'd give my last breath. You've made all my dreams come true." He pulled a ring out of his pocket.
Jason's mom and I both gasped.
"So, we're like exclusive now, okay?" he added.
I nodded and his mom sighed—definitely relieved.
Jason slid the ring on my finger and then tossed his cell phone to his mom. "Will you take a picture?" He turned and whispered to me. "That's okay, right?"
I playfully punched him. "Sure, I don't think you'll break the camera."
Jason glanced at the clutter behind us. "How about over by the fireplace?" He steered me over and before I realized where we were standing, his mom took the picture. I glanced up at the photograph of us directly over my head. We were in almost the exact same pose—definitely not good. Jason was oblivious until he looked at the photo his mom took. "How about one more, Mom. Over here might be a little better." We sidestepped away from the photo on the wall to the other side of the fireplace and his mother took another picture. "Thanks, Mom." We started toward the backdoor. "Don't wait up, we'll be late."
His mom stirred, like she was going to object.
"If that's okay with you," I added.
"You kids have a nice time."
"First stop, the sight of our first date." We hopped in his Jeep and were off.
It was so different than I remembered; it was probably the time of year—the thick underbrush, but it just wasn't the same. Then, there was the whole Derrick and Lisa thing back at the pool.
"What's up?" Jason said as we strolled along the riverbank.
"Something that happened earlier."
"Oh, don't worry about Mom. Did you see her face? I think she thought—"
"Not that."
"What then?"
"You have to promise not to say anything, I gave my word."
"Sure."
"Melanie and I were out in the woods, when we heard someone at my pool."
"You have a pool?"
I frowned. "It's just a tranquil bend in the creek, it's been a place of refuge for me—not anymore though."
"What happened?"
"Derrick and Lisa were there."
"I can see how that would pollute it for you. I don't get her, the guy's a creep."
"It's worse. They seemed to be just having fun, so Melanie and I left, but halfway back to her house, we heard Lisa scream. It was that scream."
Jason jerked away in anger and slammed his fist into a tree. "Crap! That hurt." 
His hand swelled quickly, but I couldn't feel any broken bones. I wrapped my hands around his to keep the swelling from getting any worse.
"Sorry about that, it's just—well, I don't think any girl should have to face something like—" His expression suddenly went ashen.
"What? What's wrong?"
"Isn't that what I did to you? I guess I'm just as much of a creep as Derrick."
"No! It's nothing like what happened between us. Lisa didn't want to, we just couldn't. That's completely different."
"But I attacked you. The only difference I see is that you were strong enough to defend yourself."
I let go of his injured hand and then cupped his cheeks between my palms. "It's not the same." I pulled his face to mine and kissed him. "We're in love, I just wish—"
"I'm glad you stopped me, it wouldn't have been right, not like that. I would have regretted it for the rest of my life." He pulled back and changed the subject. "Is Lisa okay?"
"She got away."
"You mean you got her away."
"Yes, we got to her before—well before he could hurt her. She's not who she pretends to be, you know?"
"I kind of figured that when she let me borrow the lights for our big night." He pointed to the wires in the tree above us. "Why does she act like that?"
"I think she thinks that's the way she's supposed to act in her position."
"Her position?"
"You know, Miss Popularity, Cheer Captain, it's just a mask, like her makeup."
"Now that's funny. Okay, not so funny. You want to go somewhere else?"
"Sure, although I'm thinking miniature golf might be out." I looked down at his hand that was already starting to bruise.
"How about pizza? We could get some ice for my hand."
"Sure, pizza it is."
Jason let me drive since steering and shifting gears required two hands. The pizza place was crowded for Sunday night, but we found a table in the corner. We'd just ordered when someone walked up to the table.
"Hey."
I looked up. "Oh, hey Lisa."
"She tell you she saved my life?"
"No," Jason said, "no, she didn't."
"I got lost in the woods—God only knows why I was in the woods in the first place—not really the outdoorsy type you know. Anyway, she helped me get my bearings and find my way home."
"Guess you were lucky she was out hiking," Jason said.
"Sure was, I won't forget it. See ya round." Lisa walked away and then sat down at a table with a few other girls from school.
"Why'd you talk to her?" One of the girls asked.
"She's okay."
"If you say so. Was that a ring on her finger?"
"That was pretty cool," Jason said, bringing my focus back to our table.
"Yeah, she didn't have to do that." I leaned forward and kissed him. "Where were we?"
"So, you like the ring?"
"It's beautiful. Did you write what you said when you gave it to me?"
His face turned red. "That obvious?"
"I saw you look at a piece of paper in your hand. It was beautiful, I just wondered if you wrote it."
"It's actually bits and pieces from the lyrics of a couple of songs I like. Songs that remind me of you and how you make me feel. I hope that doesn't take away from what I said."
"No, absolutely not. You put a lot of effort into it. No wonder you make me feel special. I love you."
"And I love you."
Although I was pretty sure I'd regret it, I nibbled on a piece of pizza. I passed on the soda; I just couldn't stomach that again. We hung out at the pizza place until almost closing. He left the waitress a nice tip since we occupied one of her tables the entire night and she was nice enough to keep bringing him ice for his hand. We headed out to the Jeep.
"Ahh," I cringed when we got outside.
"The pizza?" Jason asked.
"The sirens."
"What—oh, there they are. Wow, sounds like the whole department's going out on this one."
Moments later the first of four engines sped past. I covered my ears, but it really didn't help all that much. Finally the last one faded in the distance.
"Want to see where they're going?" Jason suggested.
"Sure, I guess."
Jason hopped in the passengers seat and I climbed in behind the wheel. I pulled out and headed after the trucks. Once we got through town, I turned south on Route 67.
"Look there," Jason said, pointing to the tower light at the top of Lambs Knoll. "You can see smoke in the light. You don't think—"
I slammed on the brakes and veered toward the side of the road. Up ahead, I could see the flickering light of a large group of headlights.
"Why'd you—" Jason stopped midsentence when he saw the rows of headlights begin to crest the hill.
"Hold on," I said as I trounced on the gas and we took off through the weeds toward the edge of the woods.
"Kill the lights," Jason yelled.
I was out of the Jeep almost before it stopped. "Jason, you think you can drive?"
"Sure, no problem, I'll manage."
"Wait here until they're gone and then go straight home." I glanced up toward Lambs Knoll. "I have to know—"
"Go, go, make sure she's safe. I'll wait up for you."
"Thank you for understanding." I leaned in and kissed him and then raced off toward Melanie's. I stopped a short distance away to make sure the motorcycles past Jason, but once they were clear I wasted no time. I did a loop past the house just to make sure Melanie wasn't there, but then headed straight for her house. I'd gone less than two miles when we crossed paths.
"Oh, thank goodness," Melanie said and wrapped me in an embrace. I thought—"
"Me too." I hugged her.
"Is Jason okay?"
"Yes, I left him in the edge of the woods. The bikers didn't see him and kept going. I told him he should go straight home when it was safe."
"That's good."
"They burned down the house, like in Georgia. What do we do now?" I asked.
"We have to stay together and I think we better stay close to Jason. They're here to destroy more than just our house."
"You think they're after us?"
Melanie's face reflected the same fear I felt.
"I can't believe my entire existence is gone, consumed by fire just like my human life."
"I'm so sorry." Melanie tried to cradle my cheek, but I turned away. "Did you sense any of our kind?" she asked.
"No, I don't think so—no, I'm sure, I would have noticed like before."
"Before?"
"I thought I was being followed before, but I haven't noticed anything for a longtime."
"Then why? How'd the bikers know?"
"We should go, I don't like leaving Jason alone. The bikers were headed toward town, his house is in that direction."
"Which way?" Melanie asked.
"West toward Sharpsburg and then we'll follow the river to his house. This way."
The run to Jason's was agonizingly slow even at our pace. Finally we arrived at the small clearing behind his house. Jason had all the exterior lights on, including the floodlights that shown through the backyard toward the creek.
"Wait," Melanie said, grabbing my shoulder as I started up the bank. "We need a plan."
"No!" I slapped her hand away. "All I need is to know is that he's safe."
"Look," she said, pointing to the driveway, "his Jeep. Look, look there, at the window."
Sure enough, Jason stepped in front of the kitchen window and peered out into the darkness.
"Okay, he's safe," I agreed. "What now?" Neither of us had any idea what to do. On the one hand, it seemed we should lead them away from Jason, but on the other, it seemed unlikely that Benjamin would intentionally let them get this close to us without a warning. Did that mean the unthinkable had happened?
"Mom, I'm going out to check the trashcans, sounds like the raccoon is back."
"Be careful, those things can have rabies."
"I will, I've got my bat."
Melanie and I both looked toward the house as the backdoor banged closed and Jason started to walk down the steps. He obviously wasn't thinking to clearly, he was wearing a pair of mesh shorts and a white tank top.
"Oh be still my lonely heart," Melanie teased.
"Not the best time for that," I replied.
"Sorry."
"Evenin', ladies," Jason said when he got to the top of the bank. "I'm glad to see you're both okay. So what's the plan?"
"We don't have one," I said.
"That's a tough one." Jason started pacing back and forth with the bat over his shoulder.
I glanced over at Melanie. She fanned her face with her hand and mouthed, "Oh my."
"That's not going to help," I scolded.
"What's that?" Jason asked.
"Nothing," I leered at Melanie. Suddenly there was a noise downstream. Melanie and I both moved simultaneously between Jason and the sound.
"Company?" Jason ventured, bringing the bat down from his shoulder to rest the barrel in his other hand.
"Nathan!" Melanie squealed, splashing through the water and then jumping into his outstretched arms.
"Elizabeth?" I peered into the darkness as two more silhouettes took form. "And Benjamin!" Tink appeared out of the shadows behind them.
"Ahh," Jason said holding out his arms, "nothing like a bonfire to bring the family together."

Chapter 27
Jason went back to the house after his mother called him several times, but not until he finished yet another string of apologies for his errant remark. Despite his efforts, Elizabeth was none to amused—truth was, neither was I, but I also knew it was kind of a defense mechanism for him and it told me he was really worried, even afraid. The reunion was wonderful, but sad at the same time. Their journey to locate Ward and Buford had been unsuccessful. Both Benjamin and Elizabeth still held out hope that they were okay, but it didn't appear Tink held the same optimism, although he didn't elaborate.
"I am truly sorry we did not arrive sooner," Benjamin repeated. "I am thankful that no one was injured in the mayhem."
"But the house?" I pouted.
"There, there," Elizabeth soothed, "it was only a possession. What's this?" she gawked, pulling my hand toward her face. My new ring flickered in the moonlight. "Young lady, I—"
"Elizabeth," Melanie cautioned.
"It's not what you think," Jason said from the top of the bank. He slid down the muddy slope, barely able to maintain his balance and stepped to my side.
"How does he do that?" Melanie whispered. He's not supposed to—"
"May I?" Jason asked, taking my hand from Elizabeth. He turned to face Benjamin. "Sir, I hope you will forgive me for not speaking with you first, but I felt Izzy needed to know that my intentions are sincere. With your permission." He turned toward Elizabeth. "And yours, Ma'am, I would like to date your daughter exclusively."
Elizabeth started to speak, but Benjamin grasped her hand and she refrained.
"You have our permission, young man."
Jason sighed deeply.
"There are strict boundaries," Benjamin continued.
"I understand."
"You understand the danger?"
"The bikers? Oh, you mean—yes, I accept the responsibility and the danger. I will guard your secret with my life. Your daughter is my life."
Elizabeth glanced down at the ring. "Silver?" she huffed.
"Platinum, Ma'am," Jason said, turning me to face him.
"I've never even heard of platinum," Elizabeth scoffed.
"More precious than gold," Jason whispered, leaning toward me and lifting my face to his.
"Ah hum," Benjamin cleared his throat.
"Sorry, Sir." Jason pulled back a safe distance or I would have kissed him. "About the biker's, Sir, are these the same ones from Georgia?"
"I think this is the main group, but not the ones they picked up along the way."
"That makes sense, Cathy said they were going to Arkansas, but she must have been fooled by the others." Jason looked up at Benjamin. "You know about Cathy?"
"I do."
"Are these bikers the human guys, or the zombie army guys?"
Benjamin frowned. "The latter."
"Can they be human again?" I asked.
"Not to my knowledge. They will either be changed or die."
"Changed would be bad," Jason speculated.
"Correct. We would not stand a chance against an army of our kind," Benjamin agreed. "Not to mention the threat they would pose to the local human population."
"How do you feel about killing them?" Jason asked.
Nathan and Tink moved closer.
"Not a choice I relish, but I am afraid we have little choice," Benjamin replied.
"I'm not sure it will help," Tink said. "This guy could control more of our kind, the bikers could be a trap."
"I don't think so," I said. "Think about it, why create so many almost vampires when it would have been easier to create an army to destroy us? I don't think he wants to create anymore of our kind."
"From what we learned in Georgia," Jason speculated, "I think we all agree this guy is from your time. What if he's—"
"Absolution," Elizabeth speculated.
"He is destroying what he created, ridding the world of his evil so to speak," Benjamin concluded.
"If that's true, then I just might have a plan," Jason said.
* * *
I was waiting when Jason got home from work. My family had gone on ahead to prepare. He skidded to a stop and hopped out of the Jeep.
"Mom's not home," he called toward the creek.
"I know," I said, snuggling up against him.
"I think I should probably take a shower before we go. No need to put your family through any unnecessary torture on my account. Care to join me?"
"Strict boundaries," I reminded him.
"I guess. I did give my word. Does that mean you would have—"
I winked.
"Really—man, I can't believe I almost fell for that again."
I pulled his face down to mine and kissed him. "Go on, take your shower, but make it quick we don't have much time."
"Cold shower," he said, running up the back stairs, wagging his finger at me.
The night was quiet, the air calm, almost eerie. I didn't really like the plan, especially the part that Jason was involved in, but no one else had a better idea. I could have—probably should have—done our part alone, but Jason insisted that he help and Benjamin thought Jason's human element would be enough of a distraction to tip the odds in our favor. I vowed to do everything in my power to protect Jason, no matter what the cost. Honestly though, there was a point where the outcome would even be beyond my control. My family understood, on both  counts.
Jason came bounding down the back stairs. "Okay, ready as I'll ever be."
"How's you hand?"
"Just a little stiff, I'll live." That hung in the air for a moment. "We'll be fine."
We climbed in the Jeep and then Jason started the engine.
"Head North on Route 66, they're at a bar on the outskirts of town."
Jason swung around, but as we headed up the driveway an oncoming pair of headlights met us. "Crap," Jason said, "she wasn't supposed to get home this early." He pulled up next to the approaching car. "Hey, Mom."
Jason's mom glanced at the clock on the dash.
"It's the last showing, so we have to hurry. See you later." Without giving his mother a chance to object, Jason pulled away. "Hate doing that, but time's a wasting."
A half an hour later we pulled up in front of a bar on the edge of town. Jason backed up close to the row of motorcycles parked side-by-side across the front of the building.
"Keep the motor running," I said, hopping out onto the gravel parking lot. "I'll just be a minute."
Jason pushed in the clutch and shifted into reverse.
I walked up the steps and then pushed open the door. As soon as I stepped into the bar, there was an obvious hiccup in the atmosphere. "Whose junk is that parked out front? It's blocking the entrance." I didn't really need to say anything; they probably already knew who, or at least what I was. 
A large man with a full beard, braided at the tips, started toward me from the bar. "We been lookin' for you."
"Well, I guess it's your lucky day." As soon as he was within reach, I grabbed him by the beard and threw him across the table to my right. Beer and broken pitchers splashed everywhere. The guy to my left, shattered a beer bottle on my shoulder.
"What the f—"
I tossed him into the guys headed my way from the bar. "Time to go." I'd just flopped onto the passenger's seat when the bar doors burst open and half a dozen bikers spilled out onto the sidewalk.
"Where'd she go?" The bearded one yelled, blood oozing out of a cut on his scalp.
"Now, Jason."
Jason let off the clutch and backed into the closest motorcycle. It toppled over starting a chain reaction. One-by-one the bikes crashed to the ground like dominos. The bearded guy roared at the top of his lungs, his face beet red with anger. Jason dropped it into first, rev'd the engine and then dumped the clutch, showering the bikers and their motorcycles with gravel.
I looked back as Jason headed north. Through the mayhem, I could hear the motorcycles start and then begin to run up through the gears.
"They take the bait?" Jason asked.
"You think? Just drive, and forget the speed limit I think those bikes are faster than we thought."
Jason had the gas pedal on the floorboard, but the first bikes were closing.
"How much further?" I yelled over the whining engine.
"About two miles and then we have to make a right."
"Make sure you slow down enough. If we crash it's over."
"I know." Less than a minute later, Jason slammed on the brakes.
The closest two bikes shot past us, not expecting the sudden deceleration. The third, turned sideways, but went down in a shower of sparks, slamming into the rear undercarriage of the Jeep lifting the rear wheels off the pavement. Jason quickly let off the brake, dislodging the bike from the Jeep and enabling him to maintain control.
"Nice," I said.
"I used to play Grand Theft Auto," he replied. "Never thought I'd use it, but hey, not bad.
As Jason started to turn, a gunshot rang out from behind us. The windshield between us shattered, but thanks to the safety glass, remained in place.
"I guess you really pissed them off back there," Jason joked.
I moved closer to Jason so my body would protect him from any more gunfire. "Faster, Jason, faster." 
After a quarter of a mile, the paved road surface turned to gravel. Jason didn't have to slow down, but the bikes did, they were highway cruisers, not dirt bikes. 
"They still back there? I didn't lose them, did I?"
A much louder gunshot rang out. I felt the pellets as the windshield on the passenger's side exploded.
"Guess that's a yes."
"How much further?" I glanced down at the speedometer. We were going 45 MPH.
"The gate's at the top of the hill," Jason replied. "A few hundred yards after that."
"You're not going fast enough, Benjamin said you had to be going at least 60 MPH."
"I know. It flattens out after the gate."
Another shotgun blast rang out from behind us ripping Jason's rearview mirror off the side of the Jeep.
"I'm going to miss this old Jeep," Jason said, "it's been a part of me, you know the first and all."
We sped through the open gate and the needle on the speedometer began to climb.
"Faster, Jason, it has to be faster!"
"That's all she's got." He looked over and then kissed me on the cheek. "I love you!"
"I love you!" I replied.
 The engine suddenly revved up, the bouncing stopped and it was quiet—we were airborne. Jason unlocked his seatbelt and slid out from behind the wheel. I grabbed him with one arm around his waist, and he wrapped his arms around my neck.
"Ready?" The nose of the Jeep began to fall.
He kissed me, and I jumped.
"Ahh!" Jason moaned as I caught the hook from the overhead crane. Our momentum carried us upward in an arc, and then we flopped back down to the bottom. Jason moaned again when the cables snapped tight.
"You okay?"
"Think I cracked a rib," Jason gasped. "Look." Jason pointed behind me.
I turned as motorcycle headlights began plummeting off the lip of the quarry into the pitch-black abyss below. There were small explosions as some of the fuel tanks burst into flames as they hit the bottom. As planned, the huge conveyor on the opposite side of the quarry groaned into action, spewing tons of rubble raining down into the quarry. Tink had been able to get it running. Jason suddenly kissed me on the lips.
"What?" I said.
"I feel like some kind of super hero." He looked down as the last few motorcycles careened of the ledge. "I know, Spiderman!"
"Okay, Spidy, hang on." I scaled the cables and then carried Jason across the top of the crane's boom. Once we were over flat ground again, I hopped down and then set Jason on his feet.
"Maybe not so super." He staggered, catching his breath.
I felt his ribs, but nothing seemed to be broken. "Maybe just bruised."
Benjamin, Elizabeth, Tink, Melanie and Nathan joined us.
"I love it when a plan comes together," Jason shouted over the conveyor.
Tink laughed, and soon we were all laughing. The ordeal was over. We were safe and together again. The vampire from Benjamin's paintings never showed, he either suspected our trap, or was not in the area in the first place and while that posed a threat, it would not likely be for some time. At least for now, we were safe.
Jason and I went to the movie theater afterwards. He called the police and reported his Jeep stolen. The police were nice and gave us a ride back to his house.
"Jason!" His mom gasped as she ran out the backdoor toward the police car.
Jason opened the door and stepped out. "It's okay Mom, somebody just stole my Jeep."
"You're hurt." Moms didn't miss much when it came to their children. "Were you in a fight?"
"No, no super hero stuff for me, just came out of the theater and it was gone." He reached in and offered me his hand.
His mom did not seem surprised when I emerged from the police car. Could you blame her? Bad things happened when I was around.
"Could I borrow your car to take Izzy home?"
"Well, we'll be in touch if we locate your vehicle. Just give your insurance company the number on the police report and they should be able to take care of it," the police officer said, and then eased back into his car.
"Thank you, Officer," Jason's mom said.
"And thanks for the lift," Jason added.
"You two take care." The police officer closed the door and backed out of the driveway.
"You must be exhausted after that ordeal."
"No Mom, not really. It was a great vehicle, took me wherever I needed to go and never let me down, right to the end." He gave me a little squeeze.
"You don't sound like you expect the police to find it."
"No, I don't imagine they will. Probably some redneck will turn it into a mud-crawler if it doesn't wind up at the bottom of a pit somewhere."
"Well, I'll go and get the keys. I'm sure Izzy needs to get home to her sister."
"My parents are home, got in last night," I said.
"Oh." His mom sounded a little skeptical, but I think she could tell from my voice that I was telling the truth. "I'm so happy for you, I know you've missed them. So you'll be going back home with them?"
"Not right away—"
"You know the big fire the other night?" Jason interrupted.
"Yes, the news said it was a two alarm blaze and burned a large portion of Lambs Knoll."
"That was my house," I said. "The fire department said it was probably some kind of gas leak."
"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that." She hesitated. "I'm sure we could make room if your family needs a place to stay for a few days." I really had no doubt Mrs. Whitaker meant every word, despite her not so high opinion of me.
"Thank you," I said, "how thoughtful of you, after all I've put you through."
"Nonsense."
"I really appreciate your offer, but we're going to stay at my sisters while we rebuild. Could I ask a favor?"
She looked suspicious, but said, "Certainly."
"My dad has restored several Civil War era homes on the East Coast, and he likes to hire local talent to do the work. He asked me if you would let Jason be the construction foreman for the project. He would have to work some long hours to get started, but it would only be for a few weeks."
"Football starts soon," Jason said.
"I told him that, and Dad said as long as you and he can get the layout and design finished you could do the architectural drawings at home, in your spare time."
"Seriously?" Jason said, "That would be awesome."
"And would look great on your college applications," I added. "Oh, and Dad said for your effort, he'd buy you a new car."
"I don't know what to say," Jason's mom said.
"Jason would probably have to quit his regular job," I said, "but I think it would be worth it, don't you?"
"Say yes, Mom."
"That would be wonderful. Yes, of course I say yes."
"Thanks Mom. I'll go get the keys." Jason ran off into the house.
"Mrs. Whitaker, there's one more thing I want you to know."
"Alright."
"When Jason met my parents, he asked my dad for permission to date me exclusively. My parents agreed, but with strict boundaries. Jason and I both agreed to those boundaries. You don't have to worry, I love your son very much and we're going to be okay."

The End

I want to take this opportunity to thank you for spending your valuable time reading my work. I truly hope you enjoyed Take My Breath Away and will comeback to read Till Death Do Us Part, the next installment in the Southern Exposure Saga. A book review is a great way to let me know if you enjoyed my work.

Thanks again,
Lari
Connect with Lari Smythe Online:

Facebook:  http://facebook.com/lari.smythe
Smashwords:  http://smashwords.com/profile/view/larismythe


Coming Fall 2014

Book III
Till Death Do Us Part

Also coming in 2014, Perpetual Motion, a mature rated romance that involves a love triangle and an invention that threatens the global energy empire. 
Once set in motion, some things just can't be stopped.

