
 
Taken By the Hunger
 
The Blood Thirst Affair- Book 1
∞
A Blood Thirst Affair Series Novel
 
By: Harnet Spade
 
 
eBook Edition
Copyright © 2013 Harnet Spade
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved
 
﻿All rights reserved. Except for use in brief quotes for the purpose of review in articles. No part of this eBook may be used, or reproduced in any manner whatsoever unless with the sole written permission of the Author, or Author's beneficiaries. 
This eBook is intended for the enjoyment of its readers. It is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business, establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1: Whine and Dine 
Chapter 2: We are all Roaming Lost Souls
Chapter 3: For Whom Does your Heart Beat?
Chapter 4: Love at Death’s Corner
Chapter 5: Lucid Need of Mine
Chapter 6: Kiss Me One Last Time Before I Kill You
Chapter 7: Your Memories are Slaying Me
Chapter 8: Lick Away my Tears While I Carve out Your Heart
Chapter 9: Are you Ready for Me Because I’m Coming for You
Chapter 10: You Can’t Outrun Fate
Chapter 11: Awakening of the Beast
Chapter 12: He Who Trades his Heart is Gambling Away his Soul
Chapter 13: Drink Me Out of My Misery
Chapter 14: Fear me, Need me, but Don’t Ever Leave Me
Chapter 15: Will you Wait for me Outside the Gates of Heaven?
Chapter 16: Who’s Your Master
Chapter 17: Pain is the Brand that Binds
Chapter 18: Lifeline into Heaven or Hell?
Chapter 19: Your Innocence is Lost on Me
Chapter 20: If I Can’t Have Your Blood then Pour Me Some Whiskey
Chapter 21: I'm Willing to Take the Blame...Just Stay
 
 
Introduction


“Eva, I’ll find you. I always do. I will search relentlessly until I find you. If you leave now… pray- I don’t because nothing will save you from me then; no gods, not your father, fear, love, hate… nothing! No army will keep you from me. You will never be done with me because even now I see the hunger you’re trying to suppress. It fills this cave. You’re running scared, but I don’t care. This time you’ll show me what I’ve been looking for, no more regrets with you.” -Darius Draco’s speech to Emmaley Ladon
 
 
Dedication


For Lazaro, my everything, whose love and support have made my dreams into a reality, 
And 
My beautiful children Ashley & Audrey because their smiles have lightened even my darkest days.
*************
 
Thanks to my family for their unwavering support, and to my two girls, Ash & Avy, for the wonderful cover.
 
Chapter 1: Whine and Dine



I felt numb as a light drizzle started falling gently kissing my bare shoulders while shivers racked my body. There I stood, on an empty gravel road freezing thanks to my favorite CK black sleeveless dress with the lace up back waiting for Kimmy to pay the cab fare and exit the cab. She’s hurrying because no one can know we’ve left the mansion.
Through the car’s window, I stare at Kimmy as she reaches into her purse for her wallet. Then… I notice my reflection, and realize I hardly recognize the person looking back. My light blond hair which usually falls to my waist, in soft curls, is swept up into a loose off the side bun. Gone is the usual brightness of my light, summer sky, blue eyes- what Kimmy likes to refer to them as because she’s said the color is beautiful- peaceful. 
Now in their place are emotionless blank eyes done in a black, violet smoky eye. I have a small face with a small nose, my eyes and lips drawing most of the attention. I’m 5’5” and weigh 122 pounds. Kimmy makes me workout, so I am fit. She says I have amazing breasts. She also says I need to learn to accept what god has given me and embrace it, use it, and then maybe I'd be playing a whole different ballgame. I smile... just remembering because maybe she’s right. She’s a B cup and I’m a CC. I’d trade for her breasts any day. She’s 5’8” looking so sophisticated when in truth she’s a killing machine. I should know her combat style workouts are a death trap every time. When she’s not kicking my ass she’s the sweetest girl, so sweet always giving me compliments because I think she’s the one who looks amazing. 
She is like the sister I don't have, but wish I did and the complete opposite of me. Pin straight black hair with honey hazel eyes and tanned skin- emphasizing the beautiful color of her eyes and hair. Kimmy says the men of the world are lucky I am locked up most of the time because otherwise they’d be a dead species. I know she’s referring to… Darius.
Darius is the reason I am in the mood I’m in, why the reflection in the glass window is so devoid of emotion. I know what awaits me tomorrow morning when I walk into his lab. I’m so close to breaking point… that sterile lab which looks like something out of a Sci-Fi film with all the state of the art technologies, is my rage against the machine. I get strapped in, feeling cold... alone... waiting for him to sedate me. Just thinking about it, about him in there… us so close together while he runs his tests, probes me, searches through my memories- stealing my past.
I can’t take much more.
I have to find a way out. 
As Kimmy shuts the door, I mask my feelings, turn, and start walking towards the mansion... it pains me deeply to take these steps, almost like I'm walking towards my doom. Kimmy speaks most of the way while I add small bits of conversation here and there. I remind myself to smile making sure it reaches my eyes and even pull her hair lightly when the conversation turns naughty... it always does with her. She has a one track mind when she is out, teaching me to be flirtatious. She is telling me about some really handsome guy she met tonight. Listening to Kimmy, I consider everything around me that could later become useful.
How I detest being wet and cold, my mind whispers, and I know it has to do with a memory I’ve suppressed.
The night is unbearably cold, but the fog that surrounds us just makes everything worse. I have unnaturally good eyesight in the dark, but even the fog bothers me. It doesn’t help matters that I rushed out of the club leaving behind my black leather jacket. If I wasn’t as cold and miserable as I now felt, I would be beating myself over rushing out and forgetting the jacket. It had sentimental value… a gift from someone who’s been long gone.
Concentrating my thoughts on what I need to do, I start scoping my surroundings. When I soon realize there isn’t anything out of the ordinary, and noting the best plan of escape is at the club, my mind returns to the dilemma of the lost jacket.
Kimmy is paid to be my confidant, best friend, and shadow. She is the only body guard assigned to me who actually speaks freely with me. If I was being fair I’d admit I knew she had grown into the part, and she truly cared for me. Noticing I’m cold, she asks about the jacket, and that’s when I tell her I left it back at the club. She immediately promises she will get the jacket back because she and the night club owner are good friends. Probably someone she slept with.
So she calls him up, gets him on the phone, and tells him to save it- she is personally going to pick up my last memento of Jeffery tomorrow. Jeffery… God, why couldn’t I have you by my side instead of a stupid jacket to remember you by? So many thoughts invading my mind, while listening to her, I hold back the tears and wait for her to end the call. 
Although I project an exterior of calm boredom, she knows something isn’t right, after all… it is in her training to pick up on the little things. I give her no explanations and surprisingly enough she doesn’t hunt for answers. That’s when I realize she must have known about Jeffery because I could see understanding illuminate her face- I too have learned to pick up on the details that give people away. 
Now as I walk, I try my hardest to push him out of my mind with the mundane task of concentrating on saving the black five inch silver studded Louboutin heels I received as a Christmas present from Kimmy who’d obsessed over them months before purchasing. As it turns out, she bought two pairs- one for her and my surprise pair. 
I feel the heels digging deep into the stones while I suffer in silence about a past I can’t undo, so I repeat tonight’s mantra over and over; please let this horrid night finally be over, because I can’t seem to shake the uneasy feeling that’s crawled under my skin along with the cold. 
The frigid wind blows against my face when I cut Kimmy off on whatever conversational path she has ventured up, “Hey Kimmy was it really necessary to tell the cab to drop us off this far from home, especially in this weather? I can barely see a foot in front of me and these heels are my favorite. They’re ruined!” As I look up, I realize I can’t make out the moon behind the slate forbidding clouds closing in on us. God… this night can’t possibly get any worse, I bitterly think. 
“Stop whining Emma,” she responds, “you wanted to go out and have fun for once, trying to enjoy yourself like a regular person does, remember? It’s time to woman up and take these minor unpleasantries as they may come.” I give her a sour look, bite my freezing lips to keep my teeth from chattering, and think to myself easy for second in command of security to say… she of course was used to all the “unpleasantries”.
“Unpleasantries huh, well I’ll be borrowing your pair of heels from now on, and... if you’ll notice unpleasantries is all I seem to be taking, so I think I’m entitled to some complaining.”
She ignores me, something she and most of all Darius do, with great ease, when the subject gets uncomfortable. “You know it’s no easy mission getting you out of the house undiscovered.”
Her night on the contrary has been stellar, and maybe I am a little jealous because she has prepared for this weather by wearing black combat boots with her red slinky dress which I may add barely covers her ass, but manages to cover most of her upper body protecting her against the harsh wind. I on the other hand, suffer with numb toes traveling the overgrown path next to the gravel road that leads up to the mansion in my favorite pair of heels that I am slowly but surely ruining by awkwardly trying to keep my balance, and sourly think, surely I’d catch my death tonight.
I look at Kimmy as she presses back her black shoulder length hair, picks it up, and ties it into a ponytail. “I can’t hate you more than I do this moment, looking all gorgeous in this weather after meeting an incredibly handsome stranger.” I tell her and she smiles her sad smile knowing that I lied, she knows the medical tests and treatment I receive every two weeks is when I hate most. 
And my hate never extended to Kimmy, it was limited to other things; I hated not knowing what was being done to me as I lay sedated for whatever “treatments” were done to me by Darius. I was vulnerable, and there was nothing I hated more than vulnerability. I trusted Darius, but after being taken, and not remembering everything… it made the treatments or any loss of awareness very difficult. 
I knew the injections were necessary to keep me alive, but honestly sometimes I just thought I had reached my limit. I was always shadowed by some guard, mostly Kamila a.k.a. Kimmy, and then there was the always present Darius. Darius was Kimmy’s boss, the man in charge of the armed compound I was caged in, and I just couldn’t get used to how good looking he was.
He was 6’ 5” in a perfect package of solid lean muscle; his face was strikingly rugged with piercing storm blue eyes and brows drawn in an expression that said you don’t want to fuck with me because if you do you will only live long enough to regret it in an intrinsic way. His skin was pale with beautifully tight veins working their way up his arms into his long thick neck, contrasting exquisitely against his golden brown hair that if left long would loosely curl. I knew this because this was how he looked in my dreams. 
Unfortunately, in reality he had a military buzz cut that only emphasized the lethal stealth in which he so coldheartedly executed everything, everyone. Even me nowadays, I’d made him livid with my decisions throughout the past ten months. He wanted me, wanted us to work, and I pushed us so far apart I don’t think anything ever would bring us back together.
Missing him now more than ever, I remember his features. I pretend he’s right before me, something I like to do a lot now. His eyes are the deep blue of a storming sky. The man is a storm himself. The last time we were together he swept me in and... as always... nearly destroyed the both of us. I needed this distance for my own sanity, but one look at him, and I am lost. If I give in, he would be all I desired and needed, and I couldn’t give someone so much power over me. No matter how painfully beautiful he was, or how great the sex would be. And it would be super nova great. This man knows how to move, how to put all that strength and passion to good use- and did I forget to mention he looked like a Greek warrior statue of ancient times come to life.
He was so good looking, in fact, I usually tended to run in the opposite direction when he was near. I was scared… that… and our past always got in the way. A past that made sure I trampled upon whatever feelings would surface because if I was being honest with myself… I didn’t need him as a constant burn in my heart, or my mind. I was a liability to us both when I was near him. 
I saw his every intention, need, and desire as a new means of torturing me in some way, and I sure as hell didn’t have a care if I was being unfair because I blamed him. I blamed us both for so much. I knew I needed to stay as far away from him as our situation allowed.
I just hoped there was… no there had to be more to life than the sheltered torturous life I was imprisoned to and Kimmy was going to get me there.
I was taking my time, planning… this time my desperation wouldn’t be a hazard because devastation had beaten into me the hard lesson of patience. My armor would be my memories because they were returning and they were filling me with weapons and strength I didn’t know I owned.
Darius, if they knew. Everyone, was so blind to what he was- who he was. He was in control of my destiny. It was he who always made sure my cage was forged tight with metal, baring no weakness. He thought to use Kimmy as leverage to get me submissive, well I found rust in my iron cage and it was Kimmy. 
Kimmy had just given me a look that showed just how much she sympathized with me; although, she wouldn’t admit it because according to her I had to prepare for a hard life outside the mansion walls. I thought her reasoning was flawed because we had to always plan an escape for me to see outside those walls. And honestly, it had been too long ago… probably four months since we last went anywhere. 
Maybe the stress from being out tonight got to me because I was feeling really run down, or perhaps it was because I was due for those injections tomorrow, and I wouldn’t feel like myself again until I had my dosage. I’d been feeling sluggish all night.
Thinking of the club, I remembered how it felt like torture being there tonight, it really drained me to pretend to be having a good time dancing and talking it up with the attractive men who offered to buy me drinks when all I could think about was plastering a smile on my face and playing the role of someone enjoying themselves, so Kimmy wouldn’t find out the outings she orchestrated with such difficulty were all about searching for cracks in order to escape. In all honesty, all I could look forward to the whole time at the club was getting the damn torturous injections, so I could feel alive again and not like the walking dead. 
Noticing my somber look, Kimmy plays her role to perfection and does what she does best… make me forget. “Hey Emma it’s nearly three a.m., damn girly when you say you wanna stay out late and party you really mean it. Do you know that my shift starts in two hours and we still have close to a mile till we reach your house?… And take that sour look off your face Emma a mile of walking hasn’t killed anyone.” 
“Well, you’re going to be more unbearable than your usual self on the job,” I said acting as if I was preparing myself for the difficult day ahead. 
“You know better than that, I’ve been trained to go without sleep without it affecting my skills,” she says smiling, “and it’s necessary for us to walk the rest of the way with everyone guarding the house. If Mr. Stick Up His Ass finds out we sneaked out I’ll have hell to pay a thousand times over and that’s if I’m lucky enough to keep the skin on my bones; I happen to like skin on my bones so more walking and less complaining,” she says with a devilish twinkle in her eyes as she easily quickens her pace wearing the damn combat boots.
I return her smile because I know Darius would never fire Kimmy. He knows she is the glue piecing back the damage he’s done. “Don’t remind me,” I say to her while I do my best to keep up, “every time I take a step, I conjure a master plan on slow torture for you and remember this was my brilliant idea. In fact, I know I’ll never hear you complain tonight after hooking up with pretty boy… I couldn’t even find you most of the night.” 
Looking back, Kimmy is smiling in all earnest now probably thinking of the man who had stolen her most of the night, difficult task since she is my personal shadow. “Hey in my line of work I don’t get much action… it’s pretty boring work keeping you in line and out of trouble. You never do anything remotely interesting, not even flirt just a little with Mr. Stick Up His Ass and by this Emma I hope you know I mean Mr. Tall, Muscular, Smoldering, and very dangerous Hunk of a Boss, baby girl. The man seems to have it pretty bad for you and he is one fine piece of delectable meat… don’t look at me like that little Miss Innocent pretending not to notice when it’s so very apparent to everyone else… really Emma what is up with you always ignoring his looks? You want him,” she pauses all of two seconds raising her index finger to stop me, even before I begin, while piercing me with a knowing look as she continues on her rampage. “You would have to be dead not to with all that focused attention directed at you. I want to see him happy he’s a good man, honey… he deserves to have you. He’s suffering Emma, can’t you see!”
I don’t answer, I can’t. She has it all wrong, but there’s no use in correcting her. I wouldn't know how. He is the one who’s done all the irreparable damage. So instead of answering her, I just vacantly look straight ahead.
“Okay, I’ve said all I’ve wanted to for quite some time, so moving on to lighter subjects. Can you blame me for trying to get as much of pretty boy from the club? Unlike you girly, if a pretty boy wanted to give it then I’m not turning down a chance like that- you should really reconsider because with all the pent up frustration from the boss I’m sure he’d be an animal when you finally unleashed him, but then again that could be said about you as well… hmm, that should be interesting… galasmic, I’d say.”
That was our word for orgasmic in an out of this galaxy kind of way. 
I give her an irritated look, “I thought you were done on the subject.”
She continues badgering me, “Maybe I didn’t say everything I wanted to say after all… like you trying out the merchandise, and letting out some frustration with him. It looks promising- a great work out of sorts, Miss I’m waiting for the right guy. Take it from me don’t pass up an opportunity at great mind blowing sex, those moments my dear are pretty rare in the lives of simple girls who always stay out of trouble such as you and me,” she says wiggling her eyebrows.
Of course, I was sure she was talking about me, but to make it less painful to my pride she included herself in the mix.
“Pretty boy gave it damn long and good… you should try it sometime,” she says light heartedly making it sound like a good lay was all I ever needed in my life. Please… obviously Kimmy had no idea the past Darius and I had, and the friction between us... a good toss in the sack between us two would be the tipping point for us. I can practically chain myself to his leg, give him the key, and never think of doing or being anything but his sex slave. If he was difficult, overbearing, and ridiculously jealous now... I wouldn’t want to add great sex to that because he’d be insufferable then. The fact that he thought me capable of anything to escape, and the fortress he raised between me and everyone around would be nothing to what he’d be capable of. 
Putting those thoughts as far from my mind as possible, I realized I had to be thankful for one thing, he’s given me one concession… Kimmy.
“Kimmy you have one hell of an imagination if you think his condescending, commanding, know it all attitude is anything but attractive,” I said.
“Emma he isn’t so bad really, besides that man can make anything… look attractive to say the least. Is that why you avoid him like the plague, does he intimidate you? Can’t you take the big bad wolf?”
I smiled, “Kimmy it’s out of choice, not fear. Someone once told me never to get serious with those you employ,” she flinches; although, she quickly recovers, and knows I’m referring to sleeping partners, but I regret what I’ve said because I could tell I hurt her with my choice of words.”
“Who’d you hear that wise piece of advice from?”
“I don’t know, but the important thing is I learned my lesson.”
“Well I would understand... Emma, if you had a moment of weakness because he is Sex on steroids… overprotective, but so sexy when it comes to you, you have nothing to worry about. I mean he’s like putty in your hands and really he’s just concerned about you and we all know how serious he is about protecting you against… well you know what I mean.”
“No, I don’t know… REALLY… how could I? When no one will speak of it,” I say. 
 
Chapter 2: We are all Roaming Lost Souls



“Some things are just better this way, because you’re too young and innocent Emma. Right now we’re just concerned with keeping you safe and the less you know the safer you’ll be. Believe me we are so close honey. You just need to be a little patient and it will all be worth it and better soon. You can trust me… it’s better this way for now.”
I’d been hearing of “patience” since I first got here four years ago at the age of sixteen, so I sped up my pace as much as the terrain and my heels allowed because I was on the verge of tears. And I was past the point of crying lately. It was my life we were talking about here. I was twenty not twelve, yet I wasn’t allowed in the details? I was always left in the dark. Did they think I would freak? I mean if I was going to die, I should be allowed some time to come to terms with it all.
I slowly remembered how I once told Darius along those lines, and he lost it completely firing people left and right; changing any personnel at the time that might have slipped out too much information. Leaving me alone to wander if maybe I had stumbled upon some truth only to find it was sometimes better to live in the dark as I did because the truth had the power to destroy. Soon after, I’d wander… how long could I continue to live like this? That’s when I came up with a desperate plan to escape… I thought I’d had enough that nothing could possibly be worse. I was so utterly mistaken.
My whole life before arriving is a complete blank or black hole, until recently… like everything was sucked into the unconscious. I remembered nothing that led up to me waking up screaming in pain, hysterical, strapped down to what looked like a hospital bed with tubes and wires protruding everywhere while I fought to free myself. There were people in that lab I don’t remember, but Darius’s face is my beginning, what I’ve always held onto. He never left, and somehow with each passing day he made the pain more bearable.
He was my light in those dark days. I couldn’t help but to fall in love with him. There from the very beginning it seems or at least my beginning- the “conscious” one I remember. I don’t recollect much from those first days here, but what I do have is the only excuse ever given to me. 
Darius spoke with me daily, among the things he decided to share with me were; he said I was a recovering victim of abduction, and I had suppressed all my memories. My father’s enemies were responsible, but he ensured me I would never have to worry because he would keep me safe. His soothing words of encouragement provided the strength I needed; the direction for someone as lost as I was. 
Because of the abduction, I needed to be kept here. That, was the reason... he said, I remained in this secure compound. He told me my father was a very powerful man who had the worst kind of enemies. He was involved with top secret work when I was taken. He explained, I didn’t remember anything because my mind just erased everything, so I could cope. Now I know the truth. Darius lied about everything except the abduction.
No one who had the inside knowledge of my past was allowed to speak of it for fear that it might trigger the unwanted memories. When I asked Kimmy anything about my past, she acted like there may be cameras watching us and then wouldn’t come to see me for some time. So I stopped asking her, for fear that one day I might not see her at all.
A guard once told me, the people whom kidnapped me were very dangerous and powerful, so for my own protection I was hidden away. Sometimes I even wonder if it’s true, is my real father out there? This life I’m living doesn’t seem real, but it’s the only one I have. The only information I’ve been told about my father and myself, other than what Darius said, was by the guard who’d found me after I had escaped and been missing for two days.
I was found just in time. I don’t remember much, but what I do know is I was barely breathing. And the scars were horrific. 
Kimmy came into my life exactly two years ago this month, just days before I tried to flee. She was still under rigorous training and wasn’t allowed much time with me, but that all changed once I was found. Darius said I needed a woman companion because it was unhealthy for me at eighteen to be surrounded by so many men, but I think he soon realized he needed her more than he first anticipated. The truth was he didn’t trust me. 
The guard who found me carried me back to the mansion while I was in out of consciousness speaking freely to me about things he knew I wanted to hear… he did this to keep me from blacking out. He either thought I wouldn’t survive, or I wouldn’t remember the information he relayed to me. I had nearly starved myself to death in my failed attempt to escape. 
It was Jeffery’s plan. It should have been perfect, easy, but nothing is ever what we think it is. Jeffery was a guard who’d been here probably just as long as Darius, so I trusted he knew what to do. 
He told me the property was massive, and I had to prepare by wearing hiking gear with jeans to protect me and help me cover the rough terrain before I could make it where he would be waiting for me with a jeep. The plan was simple. I was to wait for him, and he would take care of the rest. 
When I set to plan my escape, I started noticing him always trying to be near me. What I soon realized was… he had fallen in love with me. He helped me plan all of it. His part in the plan was he would create a distraction. Then with the map he had provided, I would go to the location he mapped out. The biggest problem was that he never showed. Undetected, I’d taken a horse from the stables to our first meeting point. He gave me instructions with a backpack containing the map, some bottled waters, protein bars, and a .22 handgun. He quickly taught me how to shoot it just as he assured me that it wouldn’t be necessary. 
I remembered how he looked on the last day we were to ever be together. His golden hair blew in the wind as he embraced me. I was on edge as I held him because I doubted my plan would work. I was expecting to see Darius at every turn, any moment- uncertain about so many things, and thought maybe it was all a mistake. He drew away, his eyes searching mine. I remember looking up at his honey colored eyes and seeing so much strength in them. So I shook away my fear, allowing his belief in us to fill me with calm and reassurance. I realized then why I had picked him. He’d always looked at me with such sincerity and yearning. It was there written all over his face as he took his leather jacket off and put it on me, shielding me.
“Don’t worry love, nothing can keep me away from you,” he said as he gently kissed me. 
It was not a lover’s kiss by far, he’d kissed me so tenderly that I thought to myself, he knows… he knows I don’t love him, yet he’s allowed for me to use him. I felt such shame in the moments that followed as I watched his retreating form until I no longer saw him. It was the last I ever saw of him, and I regret not giving him something of myself, some emotion other than my selfishness. I wish my feelings towards him had been pure… God, I wish I’d loved him. 
When I saw he wasn’t at our next meeting point, I automatically panicked. I waited and waited telling myself that he would come. I expected to see him rounding the corner of the cabin, but finally I could no longer refute he wasn’t coming.
I waited for as long as I thought possible then set out to carry our plan on my own; futilely hoping he would find me along the way. I feared... and deep inside knew Jeffery must have been caught because he would have come for me otherwise. If I was certain about anything, it was that he loved me. God, I’d been so stupid. I worried he would lose his job, and I worried about his family- the people that depended on him.
I really met Kimmy in the days that followed which can only be called my own personal hell. I thought Darius had not been home when I was brought in, but apparently I was wrong. Kimmy nursed me back to health by the time he came to see me two days later. He was raging with anger- it was apparent from the severity of his manner.
I was getting out of bed while Kimmy went to prepare my bath when he walked into my bedroom, making my heart stop, and demanded that Kimmy leave us alone. She looked at me with worry in her eyes before walking back into the bathroom to shut the water off. I looked at him then, and automatically wished I hadn’t because he was facing the bathroom waiting for Kimmy while ignoring me. When she made her way to my bedroom door he went after her, without sparing me a glance. From their muffled voices, I couldn’t decipher what they spoke of, but I knew them to be on the other side of my bedroom door. 
I was unable to move rooted to the floor watching the closed door as if my life depended on it. I was instantly jealous wondering if there was a closer connection between the two. Are they lovers, maybe he got her the job to be closer to her… I swear I saw red. Was he bringing her pleasure in some corner of this hell, while I lay here dying? Was she the reason he didn’t come sooner? This last one really did me in bad, so I quickly pushed those thoughts aside and concentrated on preparing myself for what the sight of him so close to me would do; all while knowing he may have feelings for the new guard. 
Yes, she had to be the reason he stayed away until now. 
As if I wasn’t punishing myself enough, now my nerves and the memory of him in my bedroom, being so close, were taking control of my senses not allowing me to do anything else, but wait for what I was sure would be severe punishment for my impulsive behavior. 
He entered, locked the door with key, returned the key to his jean pocket while slowly turning to me, and approached without taking his hard gaze off me. I looked at him as he drew near, and realized the great mistake I’d done. There was so much strength and power in every step he took towards me… I instantly knew I would suffer for what I’d done. This man did not forget. And forgiveness… well let’s just say that word never had a place in his existence.
He wasted no time, “I see that you have recovered enough for us to finally have this talk, you don’t know how difficult it’s been to stay away, or how long these past two days have felt. And Emma, I suggest you think before you speak because I just may get the opportunity to kill you myself.” 
Ignoring his warning, I blurted out.
“You seem to be doing just fine,” I said while checking his lips for any sign of swelling from a passionate kiss. He took a deep breath and crossed his arms. 
“Why are my lips suddenly so fascinating to you; is that jealousy burning in your eyes, or something else?”
He was causing my insides to turn, so I turned to get my robe when he said, “Leave it, you don’t need it. I’ve seen you bruised, broken, and naked. In fact, I stripped you myself to see with my own eyes how hurt you were, for my sanity Emma…, but I thought I would be burying you instead of laying you in bed.”
I faced him then, wearing only a silver, silk, and lace chemise with a low open back, and tiny matching silk panties. I stood shocked, staring at him and not believing his words; I’d thought him away because I hadn’t seen him for days, or worse I’d feared he’d been with her.
I was dreading his return up until this very moment, and I was also terrified of his reaction on seeing what I looked like. When I first opened my eyes, I was bandaged up from my chest down to my waist. Early that morning, I knew I had to see what was underneath, so I waited for the sedatives to wear off, and for Kimmy to leave me alone. I was horrified when I found receding bite marks all over the skin underneath the bandaged area. And the scariest part was, I don’t know how I could survive that. What in God’s name does that to someone while still leaving them alive? How is it that only a half moon scar is all that’s left now? How does someone heal so quickly?
With so many unanswered questions and no one to ask; I thought I would go crazy, or maybe the only explanation was- I already was delusional. I knew I couldn’t trust or ask anyone, so I thought I would just wait, and try to live day by day until I could piece it all together. I was expecting this confrontation as soon as I regained consciousness, but I sure as hell did not believe him capable of taking such liberties with me. How was I to explain what my body looked like- to save Jeffery from Darius’s anger? All these questions made me panic. The thought of him undressing me, seeing me… it unraveled me.
He was now covering every inch of my body with his eyes. His eyes had just changed into an electrifying blue. I wondered how that was even possible when he threw his head back, and closed his eyes.
He threw his hands up in a show of exasperation when he said, “What did you expect… Emma, do you even know what you looked like when you were brought to me?” He paused resting his hands on his head with anger and pain resonating in his tone. “You looked like a broken rag doll for fucks sake,” he yelled opening his now normal eyes, walking closer to me as his hands came down grabbing my shoulders. “The things I did were necessary, you were dying,” he said blaming me. “You ran from ME, and You Almost Died!”
I’d never heard him yell and even less, curse before. I felt the heat rising in my cheeks, I was so shaken when I said, “You had no right- how dare you touch me!” I demanded stepping back, away from him. “Did you...,” as I was about to face my fears and ask about the mark, he cut me off.
“Did I what? What exactly are you accusing me of? I was checking your injuries you reckless, stupid girl, and why should you care if I touched you when your eyes are always begging me for so much more. When jealousy eats you up inside with the thought of me with someone else. That’s what this is really about isn’t it?” 
 
Chapter 3: For Whom Does your Heart Beat? 



I backed away further now, feeling as if I’d been punched in my gut. How does he know so much? I remembered now why we couldn’t be near one another. He grabbed me then, digging his fingers into my skin, and stopping me. I pushed harder against him- hitting him with my fists upon his chest. Wanting to hide from him all the pain his words caused me in the pit of my stomach- I was so transparent to him. I practically ran to the door forgetting it was locked, but he didn’t let me reach it; grabbing me by my neck while blocking me with his body. I slammed into him as he pulled my head back. 
How is he in front of me? I couldn’t explain how he moved so fast. He was in my face in a matter of seconds. His jaw twitched as his lashes lowered, and he looked at my lips harshly bringing me mere inches from his face and quietly exclaimed, “Oh no, you can’t run away from me… ever. You’ll learn that today, baby.”
“Tell me Emma, what were your plans… were you going to let him fuck you in that cabin? Is that how you were going to pay him for his efforts?”
I couldn’t answer him… I was speechless. I needed to get out, now. 
“Did you know that was my cabin, my bed, where I go when I can’t take being near you? Where I make myself come... hard, just thinking of you.” His words took shape in my mind. I saw him doing what he said he did and it left me yearning. I tried to speak. I was silent with tears welling up in my eyes feeling betrayed by what he thought of me, shocked, hurt, scared, but then he shook me with so much force my teeth rattled, “Answer me Emma,” he yelled. I couldn’t take it, his nearness… the forbidden things he whispered so close- did things to me I couldn’t explain. I wanted him so much and hated him, so I broke down with tears slipping down my face, I asked, “My god is that what you think me capable of?”
He ruthlessly replied, “I just need to know if you’re going to be offering your body to every fucking guard who you think can break you out of here. Those were his intentions, make no mistake!”
I shook out of his grasp and raised my hand slapping him with all the strength I had regained in the past couple of days. I wanted to hurt him just like he was hurting me. 
He responded by grabbing my arm and pulling, dragging me behind him to the bathroom. I was silently crying and digging in my heels- fighting him the whole time when he turned me in his arms to face him in the darkened bathroom. With only the light from the bedroom sneaking through, he pressed me with his hips against the bathroom sink and held me there taking deep breaths, not quite looking like the controlled man I knew him to be while I fought him for some time. My nails dug into him, underneath the sleeves of his fitted black crew neck shirt, but he did not release me. He imprisoned me with his body when his hands grasped my forearms. 
I was trying to wrestle free from him. In retrospect, what a stupid fool I had been. 
I felt so much heat radiate off him as he drew me in. “Did you think to fool me too, Emma? Was that it, were you always playing your little staring games with me to get me to fall for you just as you did to Jeffery?”
I’m sure I gave him a pitiful look before I looked away. I felt his lips move to my ear when he said, “Look at me, or I’ll make you regret dismissing me.” Raising my chin, I turned my face and did what he demanded as he lowered his lips onto my neck- whispering softly against me, “Did you think I never noticed how you looked at me? How you look at me every time.”
I didn’t deny it, I couldn’t. His breath on my skin was impairing all my abilities to use speech. All I could do was feel.
Having him so close, I couldn’t help to remember how I fell in love with him the moment I first saw him. I had emptied my unreturned love for him unto Jeffery finding some release from emotions too strong to keep bottled up. I had wronged Jeffery in so many ways. Darius was the reason I was so desperate to escape. He had always put so much distance between us. I knew he had to feel something because so many times I found his eyes searching mine almost as if by looking he could reach inside my mind and know my most intimate thoughts. And if that wasn’t enough... most nights, I felt him in my room watching me sleep. I would pretend I slept until finally I would fall asleep.
I could feel him when he thought I had reached deep sleep. It’s strange that I knew this to be true, but I felt it when everything was quiet… even my mind. I probably shouldn’t have known, but his warmth- my body was just aware of him. I believed him to be near because he wanted to know my secrets. He watched me. Did this worry me? … No because I trusted him- I wanted him near me. Yet he was right, I ran away.
I ran away because he was an addiction that would end up destroying me.
There were times when he looked like he couldn’t put enough distance between us. Because of those times, I had lost hope that he would ever feel anything for me. I felt the only thing I was to him was a nuisance. He shook me back from my thoughts, and the first thing I could think was he’s too close I can barely breathe, God… I want him so much.
“Now tell me… is that how you made Jeffery fall in love with you? Is that what you do, make people want you so bad they’d do anything to possess you?” He asked his questions so gently almost like a soft soothing caress over my skin, and smiled against me. His lips drew away, he pulled me closer. I couldn’t answer him because I felt his soft, hot breath on my lips. 
I want you… my mind said, but I wouldn’t permit those words from coming out, so I thought of something else to verbally throw at him. 
“You can’t blame me for Jeffery, you pushed me to him.” I said against his lips.
“Emma, baby be very careful with what you say to me because you have no idea the things I’m capable of, for you. If you wanted more from me all you had to do was admit it, damn it… not go filling someone’s head with thoughts that only belong to me. I know you didn’t fuck him, in fact, I know you would never have permitted him to even lay a hand on you.” His hand came up to grab my waist long blond hair when he caressed it with the back of his fingers, grabbed it into his hand making a fist, and forced my head back. “Answer me! Do you think you would have allowed for any caresses other than mine?” He roared.
Being forced to look up at him, a tear slipped when I finally whispered back my reply, “No… no, I promise no, I was never planning on doing anything with him please just leave me alone, it wasn’t ever like that… you’re hurting me.” He wasn’t hurting me physically, emotionally yes because he was making me admit so much. 
In that precise moment, I wanted the earth to swallow me. I wanted to be removed from this place… to just fall from existence into nothingness.
Not letting go, his eyes followed the tear down over my chin to my neck when he eased his grip. “I’m not sorry,” his firm lips lowered kissing my chin, and he spoke barely above a whisper, “I want to do so much more right now Emma, but you need to answer me this, he said you told him you loved him, tell me you lied Emma… tell me. I have images in my mind of the two of you together- I need them gone baby.”
“Stop doing this Darius, please just stop.” The look he gave me was anything… but sympathetic more like a panther looks at its victim right before it shreds and tears its kill, so my answer was automatic because I was truly afraid for the both of us, after all, he did look capable of killing me. I was feeling like a ticking time bomb about to explode, I wanted to kiss him so bad, yet I also wanted to slap him. He was driving me nuts. So I said, “Yes, I lied. I just wanted to be free of the hell you call my life, the hell you make me wake up to every day... and let go of me, you have no right,” I yelled. “You resent me so much for keeping you here day after day. You hate me so much all you do is give me hell.”
He still grasped my hair when his face came down merely a breaths distance from mine, and he said, “Let you go Emma, when you’re clutching me like you’d die without me? When you’re open to me right now showing me exactly what you want, but pushing me away with your words. Fuck, this is hell… wanting you like this and not being able to do a damn thing about it.” 
I realized then I was holding on to him, my body feeling his desire for me while I responded by letting him lift and sit me on the glass sink as bottles scattered and shattered falling on the floor. I was moving closer to him, wanting him- lifting his shirt, trying to feel his skin… fusing us together.
“You’re but a foolish child. I could have had you since the first day. I could have you now. I want you so bad, baby.” He said while holding me away. “I’ve protected you from the worst. You have not a semblance of a clue of what hell is. Hell… little girl is wanting you so bad and knowing you’ll take me without hesitation. But too soon you’ll realize it will cost all our lives, and I don’t give a fuck about anyone else’s life including mine. I will willingly risk everyone, but you Emma. We’ve always loved, wanted, needed, and eventually hated each other. I’m trying to find another way.”
I was shaking by the time he let me go, his words touching something deep… buried. Something so powerful… I knew it was the answer to everything, yet I didn’t understand… grasp it. Whatever it was- it withdrew, just like him. I watched him walk over to the bedroom as he kicked the bathroom door shut leaving me in the dark. He left me shaking with need for him. I was hurting from how much I wanted him. I quickly climbed down slipping to the cold marble floor and just cried. I cried because I wanted to run after him, but I was alone, empty, and in a worse predicament than I was before my failed attempt at escape because now everyone would be wary of me. 
He left me trembling… knowing my only ally was gone, and I came to the realization that Darius was right I was a stupid, childish girl. He left me. He knows how much I want him, knew all along, but still left me all alone. I also had to live with the fact my only friend was forever gone probably kicked off this property. What Darius said couldn’t be good because it only meant that he was hiding so much more, confirmed my worst fears- either I had no grasp on reality, and I was slowly losing my mind, or something worse was coming. Something he felt it was his duty to protect me against. We were all in danger.
After I had calmed, I heard the turning of the faucet followed by running water. I quickly uncovered my face and sat up pulling the tear soaked hair from my heated cheeks while trying to look around. Instead I found myself in complete darkness searching for him, realizing my ability to see in the dark was mysteriously gone. Panicked, I wondered if the bite marks had anything to do with it, or could it have been something Darius had done? He was my tormentor, we were destructive together, and I knew we were sucking in everyone around us, but he was close and that’s exactly what I wanted- needed. I felt some happiness knowing he couldn’t leave me… he needs me too. 
I was getting good at making excuses for my weaknesses, for him. I told myself it was better if he was near, better than being utterly alone because at least we knew the truth about one another. So, I welcomed his presence rather than playing a farce with the new woman guard. I needed answers and one way, or another he would give them to me because after his behavior tonight I believed he needed my company more than I needed his. He didn’t want to leave me. I wanted him to stay rather than going out of my mind thinking he was with her. I wanted him to want me.
His voice came out of the darkness, “Emma, I’ve put a tracking device under your skin, it was necessary after all, so don’t Ever… think of escaping again.” This was the reality check I needed to snap out of the allure he held on me. I remembered I needed answers… the ones that kept me up at night.
I shut my eyes before I asked, “Are you my kidnapper?” 
This doubt killed me. After so long wondering, I needed his reassurance.
My body began to shiver… betraying me once again as I felt him near me, he commanded it with his presence because when he neared my body yearned for him. And a part of me did fear him; after all there were so many uncertainties. The realization gave me another reason to hate myself. He was so warm- radiating so much heat when he was near. I leaned towards him as I felt his breath on my neck right before he stood me up, and lowered the straps of my chemise off my shoulders with his fingertips. “Come on Eva… you’re not lost, I’ll bring you back. I’ll dig you out no matter how deep you’ve buried your love for me.”
I was about to lean into his warmth and offer my lips to him when I heard the name and knew I’d heard it before. He’d called me that long ago. I was trying to place it when I felt what he was doing… and stood frozen unable to stop him. He said he’d already done this, undress me. We were in complete darkness, so he couldn’t see me I thought.
“Don’t look so scared baby, I just need to feel you. You want to feel me too, don’t you baby? I won’t ever hurt you. You know I’m not who you accuse me to be, or would you offer yourself to me… so willingly anyway?”
Was his reasoning supposed to bring comfort, or more unanswerable questions? I wasn’t sure of what to answer him, so I ignored it and its ramifications.
“How do you know how I look,” I asked as I doubted his words- he was capable of such torment… inflicting so much pain. I felt pain just from not having him near enough. My hands traveled under his shirt when he stopped me.
“No baby, if you touch me… I won’t be able to stop.”
“Darius, you have to stop doing this to me. I can’t take it.” I hated declaring so much.
“You’re trembling baby,” he whispered as he licked my ear. I felt confused, bereft, and weak. He must have read my thoughts because he said, “You’re weak Emma,” offering as an explanation, “we are treating a rare illness, if you leave… you die. Your father pays me a lot of money to keep you safe. There are things out there searching for you, trying to harm you… you’re too young and naïve to comprehend… I want you, I always have Emma, but I can’t have you. At least not until I know with all certainty that I won’t hurt you when I take you… that no one will, but most importantly Emma… that I can keep you alive. Your father knows I’m the only one who can help you.”
“What do you mean by hurting me when you take me?”
“Everything has consequences, it’s time you learned that. You must start listening to me.”
He continued, “Don’t worry Emma. I won’t ever give up. I’m the best person qualified to see you through this. I have everything at my disposal.” He spoke slowly, soothingly almost like speaking to a child when they wake up after a nightmare.
He told me all this while I was vulnerable- standing in front of him holding the chemise against my breasts, preventing it from falling to the ground. I felt broken, just like he said he found me, and I wasn’t capable of listening to his explanations. “What did you do to Jeffery?” I had to ask knowing he’d probably kill me, but it should have been the first thing out of my lips because Jeffery was my only ally.
“I killed him.” 
I stepped back, away from him so suddenly. I felt my soul had left me, and I was slowly falling when he held me up against his chest. Nothing registered. I don’t even think I struggled when he touched me, and I felt his skin connect with mine because I had finally become numb, sedated, and completely lost.
“I never wanted to cause you any harm, baby… you must listen to me. He wouldn’t give me your location, not even when I thought him your kidnapper, and I tried to beat it out of him,” he said with what sounded a little like desperation in his voice. “At first, I followed him, but he knew or guessed someone would follow. I didn’t have time for chasing games, not when your life was at stake. I eliminated the threat, Emma.”
No... I shook my head… no. no. No. You’re lying, I screamed soundlessly, yet he replied nevertheless. 
“I wish I was, but both of you gave me no other choice. Your father didn’t think you capable of your actions, so he told me to find Jeffery… that he was somehow working for the enemy. I didn’t know what to think, and I was losing precious time. Your father gave me orders to get you back by any means necessary. We both believed you to be in grave danger, and when I confronted Jeffery he told me you would never be mine… that he was following orders to keep you safe, far away from me. I saw it as a complete disregard of your life, or worse he had already handed you over to our enemies.”
“This doesn’t make any sense,” I said more to myself than him- not recognizing the emotionless tone of my own voice. “No, you didn’t kill him, you’re saying this to be cruel… you want to punish me… you knew, you had to have known that he would never hurt me.” 
 
Chapter 4: Love at Death’s Corner
 


“Emma, that’s what you don’t want to understand,” he whispered as he kissed my temple before trying to ingrain his next words, “he did hurt you, you were closer to death than I’ve ever seen you, and baby it’s been bad- it was his fault.” 
He then picked me up against his chest and carried me over to the bath tub while I pounded my fists against his heart, and shut my eyes on a soundless scream. He stopped my pitiful pounding against him by holding me tighter- molding us together. When I was too tired to continue, I breathed him in- his scent pacifying me before he gently laid me in the roman tub, and stayed close behind me while the darkness surrounded us. The water smelled of the tuberose oil I loved to use so much. It soothed me, a rare obsession of mine. He’d prepared it just as I liked it with the water close to burning me.
I turned and looked at him then, he was standing there, watching me, and looking so beautiful with his wet shirt pressed close to his abdomen… I hated him because I loved him. As I stared and his gaze pierced mine, I wondered how he knew so many things about me, and I asked myself how much more did he know that was still unknown to me? I asked him imploring with my eyes, “Why don’t we just end this, why keep looking for that cure? Are the lives of the people around us really worth keeping me safe? Please, I just want to Live… even if it’s merely seconds of a normal life.” 
“You don’t know what you ask Emma! You will never have a normal life.” He said slowly lowering his eyes from my face, to my neck, and lower still. My hands reached up searching for my chemise, but instead found my exposed breasts. Covering them with my palms and forearms while remembering, I must have dropped the chemise when he last confronted me. He watched me very closely while his hands fisted at his sides. I couldn’t keep gazing at him because I was going to make a fool of myself.
I half turned bringing my knees up to my chest; sinking into the water trying to hide I was only in my silver panties. I needed to ask him one last thing, and I needed to see his face when I got the courage to ask, so I slightly turned. 
“You’ve hardly lived,” he was saying, as his eyes devoured my naked skin, “you don’t know the things you’re giving up.”
“You’re responsible for making me give all those things up- keeping me trapped here. Is it the money?”
“Tell me Darius, are we chasing this intangible thing that may elude us forever just because you want whatever my father is paying you?” I asked without any trace of emotion; finally finding the courage because he’d never looked so torn between need, desire, and duty. I wanted to shake him with my words- to tear him apart, he who was always so in control of everything. Even if I didn’t for one second believe them to be true, I said them to hurt him.
He shot up and crossed over to me looking like he was going to climb in and drag me out of the tub by my neck only to strangle me. I sprang up, fumbled, and splashed away from him… watching as he changed course and punched through the stone wall. I screamed as I heard the pieces falling from the wall.
“Emma, I told you never to run from me,” he took a deep breath as he rested his temple on his forearm while his fingers picked at the broken tiles. “Your fucking beautiful tits are slaying me baby, swaying…” he sucked in his bottom lip, “so fucking beautiful… begging me for touch. Stop fucking moving will you!” He warned.
I choked, shocked while trying to hold still, and cover myself.
“Emma you’re trembling now and that only makes me wonder if you’ll tremble like that underneath me while I take you… please stop, or I will soon find out.”
My teeth started chattering, so I bit my lip and tried to stop moving as if my life depended on it. 
What the hell is wrong with me! Get it together.
“God, you need to put some clothes on because I’m about to lose all control.” He stayed against the broken wall for mere seconds… then abruptly turned away from me when he roughly said, “Now, I feel I have to answer this question, to get it through to you, but never ask something so ridiculous again.”
“Do you understand me?”
He looked at me then, and I nodded yes.
“I put your life above all others including my own, and I do it because it’s the only way I know how to LIVE, it’s in every fucking breath I take, so don’t ever imply I do it for something as dirty and worthless as money. DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME EMMA?”
I shook my head no while trying to remain perfectly still. How could I, understand? No, I refused to believe that he was telling me he loved me when all he did was push me away causing me pain.
He moved so suddenly, he didn’t even give me time to try and move away. He was breathing hard and his hand was shaking when he reached for my face as his thumb touched my lips.
“No of course you don’t... I’m doing what I can to wait Emma, to give you the time to heal your scars from within… the ones you have buried deep inside, but stop making it so completely impossible for me.” His hand lowered to my neck caressing my pulse there. “Don’t ever socialize with the guards for the safety of everyone involved.”
When I went to reply, he grabbed my jaw while looking down at my lips with a dark glint in his eyes and said, “If you get lonely you now have Kamila, or come to me… I’ll figure something out, but don’t ever again try to make Angels out of mere mortals.” He turned, walked away picking up the chemise from where I must have dropped it, fisted it within his grasp, and left.
My legs couldn’t sustain me any longer. I fell into the tub and clasped my hands over my ears to keep the humiliation along with so many regrets out of my mind. I never forgot Jeffery, and I never tried to escape again… the guilt was too much; it never left me following me like a dark shadow. From then on Darius kept a closer eye on me never trusting me again.
 
Chapter 5: Lucid Need of Mine



I started having nightmares from that night on of someone coming for me while I tried to get away unsuccessfully. I sometimes thought it was Jeffery, but I would wake up screaming and very frightened, and thought it surely wouldn’t be Jeffery’s ghost because I would like to think he would protect me, not seek revenge.
Darius would always be there in my room shaking me awake from the nightmares. He’d gently caress me soothing me back to sleep, and in the state I was in it was the only time I allowed him to be near. 
Through unshed tears, gasping for air, I told him he didn’t have to keep waking up every night. But he always said he didn’t sleep that he usually kept watch outside my door. I decided to let the lie stand and not confront him. I knew him to sleep in my bed. For almost two years, this was our moment of truce- the only moment when we were in such close proximity that I could hear his heartbeat while my cheek lay against him, breathing him in, as he caressed my back soothing away the tears until I fell back to asleep. I don’t think he went back to his bed, in fact, in my sleep I sometimes felt his skin against mine, and I welcomed it. Later, I would always find the time to hate myself for it, but in those few moments his company kept me sane… safe.
Until one night when I woke up straddling him, trying to take a chunk off his neck. His shirt was gone. I awoke kissing and biting his bloodied lips. I saw him through a haze laying beneath me with half cast passion filled eyes. It thrilled me as I drank him in. I was barely aware of my actions only enjoying all the sensations, the power of this man’s captivating blood, and the taste of his strained hard body underneath mine. He kept repeating my name, “Emma, Emma… not like this. I want you to know it’s me, say my name Emma.” 
“Names who gives about names, I just want. I’ve wanted you so bad for so long, I hurt. I feel empty… I need you to fill me,” I argued as I licked and bit his jaw. 
“Yes, fuck baby… your kisses burn my soul, I’ve wanted to be inside you for so long now… longer than you’ll ever know.” He groaned, lifting his hips and me in the process as his hands left my thighs to unfasten his jeans. I laughed biting into his neck… knowing he would soon be inside of me. I’d wanted this for so long I was panting with anticipation, but then… something unexpected happened. 
I saw us very much as we were now- only it wasn’t. We were in an indoor patio with the sound of a fountain nearby and he was shaking me, telling me my plan was madness that she would find us out. “It will never work. She will come to me and know.”
“I can’t stay away from you anymore. I don’t care if she thinks you’re a slave. I want you Darius… you are a burn in my heart. What will you have me do? Come to you, seek comfort with you, or find solace with ano…”
“I know what you’re doing, but don’t… do not think to play games with me. I warn you, don’t you fucking say that, or your first time with a lover will only be about me imprinting myself in every cell of your body… you won’t be able to find yourself any longer when I’m through. You want only me Eva… and fuck the world around us.”
He continues, his gaze dark with lust, “If this is what you want then fine have me. I’m done with fighting you, but you will doom us all to hell.” 
Was I fearful I’d gotten the desired result? A part of me was, I can’t lie, but the other demanding part met him half way because I knew I would find pleasure like no other… I existed only to be with him. It was that simple. 
We came together clashing in a tangled mess of arms, legs, and lips. He grabbed and lifted me over his waist. I climbed as he went down on his knees, and I felt the cold rough floor at my back. Our actions were rushed. He wasted no time as he tore my dress placing himself between my thighs, and I lay moaning at the feel and smell of his nearness. I didn’t recognize myself as I tore at his tunic. He lifted my blush silk muslin dress all the way up over my hips to my waist, exposing luminous, smooth, pale skin. His eyes where an iridescent blue which from his kind, I had learned, only meant one thing... he was marking me as his own. He’d formed such a deep attachment to me, he was claiming me. We were too far gone to notice my mother and Eros the King, her favorite lover, were watching us. 
I only felt how I was burning, sensually covered, and cherished one moment, and then the next… bare, his weight was gone as he was thrown off of me. I screamed from the pain of my heart being squeezed a feeling triggered from no longer being near him. The sound of his shoulder dislocating against the marble column and both falling had me crawling towards him.
“Darius please look at me,” I begged. Need to know he is alright, he needs to be alright for both our sakes. He did as I asked, and it’s when I saw his face was bloodied and swollen from what I could only guess was a kick Eros had struck in order to get him off me. 
“HOW DARE YOU, I should have you put down like the dog you are for having marred the Princess, and soon to be Queen of the Vampires with your touch,” my mother yelled. “As fitting as that would be I think it would be a worse punishment having to see what I have planned for her future.” Then she looked towards Eros and nodded.
Instantly, I sensed his presence behind me… moments before, I felt his forearm under my breasts lifting me against him as my hand reached for Darius while the other tried to ease his hold. Tears fell down my face. “Mother if you hurt him,” I said as I struggled against Eros, “You won’t have a future. I’ll tear out your black heart.” 
“You dare cause us shame. All of this fight for a worthless slave, You Dare!” 
“Let me go… Eros, I demand you to,” I ignored my mother and uselessly fought to free myself. He growled in my ear and whispered so my mother wouldn’t hear, “You are fortunate you are my mate, and that I thought twice before killing you.”
“You are mad. What you say is impossible,” I replied. “No vampire has ever mated to one such as I. My blood is poisonous to your kind.”
“Yes… there’s my merciless daughter, always trying to fight no matter if it is a worthless battle over a worthless slave. Gone is your father’s kindness and pathetic conformity; all the attributes you share with him. I knew you had my will. I knew you were your mother’s daughter,” she laughed as she approached Darius and grabbed his long hair pulling his head back. She’d never before mentioned my father to me, “Take her to her quarters and lock her in while I have some fun with my favorite pet.”
“And don’t worry Emmaley, I’ll make sure you hear every last one of his screams, so maybe next time you’ll learn to stay away from the paid for warrior. Yes Darius, I shall enjoy teaching you your place.”
Darius looked directly at Eros when he said, “Keep your defiling claws off her, or I’ll behead you, my king.” Then while still looking directly at Eros, he said to my mother, “It is a shame, you my queen have allowed for him to lie to you since the beginning- so blinded by your desire for him. Did you know, Aurora… that while your lover fucks you, crawling his way into your heart all these years, all he’s ever thought about is… your daughter? I recognize the look in his eyes when he sees her, he wants her as his mate. All these years… using you… just with you as a means to your daughter, my dishonored queen. You think she is safe with him because he cannot taste her blood?”
“Darius, No!” I screamed feeling panic at his words. She would kill him.
My mother’s shriek broke the mirrors hanging on the walls around us, as Eros lunged himself at Darius. I pulled Eros back by digging into his back with my bare hand and upon reaching his heart I squeezed… but it wasn’t beating, so I drew away terrified from the heartless bastard. That hesitation nearly cost me my life because he yanked me around, and drove his fangs into my artery while he fondled my left breast through the thin fabric of my dress, anchoring- holding me against him, so they could see. I felt his fangs momentarily release me, “Ah… sweeter than ambrosia. Emmaley my love, there’s no need to try to take my heart, it has always belonged to you. It is time you give me yours in return.” I fought him, but his fangs returned, pinning- claiming me he drank. His voice was in my head.
Now you are finally mine. Finally, I’ll know what it feels like to openly love you without restraint. To sink myself deep into your heat and not just pretend to anymore.
I felt and heard his elation, making me sick, while I was slowly losing consciousness. I stood in front of the two people who loved me most being drained right before their eyes. Darius was immobile due to my mother’s spell, but his gaze was filled with such desolation and fear it cut right through me like a sword.
My mother of all the people came to my rescue, but right before she reached me he traced us from them. The last I saw was her falling hysterically to her knees while she brokenly cried, “What have I done, forgive me my precious child.”
 
Chapter 6: Kiss Me One Last Time Before I Kill You



Abruptly, I came out of whatever trance I was in. Ashamed with my actions at finding myself straddled over his naked chest, wearing only a satin camisole and matching hipster panties, I quickly jumped out of bed taking the sheets with me. I saw the sheets covered in his blood, and immediately dropped them, nearly coming out of my skin. I was losing my mind. I had to be hallucinating as I watched him grunting incoherently coming down from the high he got off of me practically gorging myself on his blood. I was shaking uncontrollably covered with his blood when he looked at me and his gaze was that iced blue gaze I had seen in my dream. I tried to back pedal out of the room, but I hit the wall hard instead.
“What the hell just happened? And why… how can you do that with your eyes?” Shaking my head because I could barely control myself, I wanted his eyes on me while I took him. I was fighting the intense need to go back to him.
As he opened his mouth I interjected, “No, no don’t even tell me… this is just from the drugs you’ve been feeding me to keep me alive. This, none of this is possible... are you even human? What the hell am I? Fu..mmn,” my hands came up pressing my head. It hurt so much, “… is that what this facility is about? My god, where are we?” With my hands buried in my hair, trying not to look at his eyes I said, “I need you… to go. And never come into my room again; no matter how much I scream,” I had to get him to stop coming in. 
He was sitting up in my brass bed, breathing hard and fast, while trying to soothe me with calming words. The room was washed with the moon’s radiance because I had left the curtains open. He was illuminated with it. Every plane of his sculpted body was bathed by the soft light. I watched right before my eyes as his body repaired the damage I had done, but the blood was left to remind me what we both weren’t.
“It’s all right Emma, you can get through this. You need to calm down baby.”
“Get out! I can’t think clearly when you look at me as you are.” His eyes had me trapped, enslaved by a need so great I would soon be over him again, so I looked at all the blood instead.
 I couldn’t keep looking at it because it reminded me- I was a monster. I kept shaking my head no. This couldn’t be real.
His gaze came up to meet my eyes as he said, “I know what you saw, and don’t you forget you are Mine. You’re mine Eva, always have been no matter what he did to you and what you stopped us both from seeing- You… Are… Mine. I don’t fucking care how many times he touched you, how he touched you, or even if you enjoyed it… you are fucking Mine!”
I lost all the air I had, or the ability to breathe. I went down to the cold wood floor in a crouch and tried so hard to get air in my lungs as tears fell from my face.
Without raising my head I asked him, “How dare you be so callous? What did I ever do to you to deserve such raw insensitivity from you, you bastard?”
“You allowed him to take you from me. You had the opportunity to end the fucking worthless scum and you hesitated! You have proven your strength against his, yet you let him take you.”
“Of course you’ve blamed me all along. He drained me while you were hurt and immobile! I was paralyzed from the fear of him hurting you further. You coward! Get out… just get out, Damn you!”
“Look at me Eva.”
I lifted my head, and saw his upper body covered with dried trails of blood running down the valleys of his muscular chest.
“I don’t blame you. I’m angry because we both lost control, and they took advantage, baby. I lost you then, but it won’t happen ever again. I will always find you. Let me in.”
I shook my head, “So you don’t even try to give me an excuse for the unexplainable shit that is happening? You expect me to just accept everything.”
Only silence and his glowing ice blue eyes penetrating me, answered me. 
“I can’t take this… it’s too much! Answer me!”
He stabbed me with his gaze, “You don’t really want for me to give you the answers you think you want because Emma, if my eyes scare you, make you quiver- the way you are…,” I looked at him then out of defiance, “little girl you’re not prepared to hear the truth because it is so much worse than you could ever imagine. Do yourself a favor... do what I ask, when I ask, and do not even hesitate for a second.”
After moments of staring at one another, I sit back on my heels and answer him.
“Just so we’re clear, I may do what you ask for as long as I deem necessary, but don’t let there be a shred of doubt when I tell you… I don’t belong to anyone. Stop talking like there was anything between us, Darius. It isn’t real… what I saw as far as I’m concerned was just another nightmare.” 
He smiled a sad halfhearted smile, “Hold on to whatever helps us get through this, but I need you to dig deep inside. I need you to let yourself remember how you escaped him because ever since you tried to run away from me… he can reach you. He’s driving you to do these things in your sleep.”
“It is why you don’t have a moments rest while you dream… he realized I was tracking him, that I too can tap into your mind. He tried to have you kill me.” 
I covered my ears trying to silence him, but I could still hear him.
 “Tell me, how do you explain what you did to me? You’re more alive now then when I give you all the drugs I pump you with to keep you alive.”
He wouldn’t get out, wouldn’t stop talking of things I didn’t want to remember. “Please, just let it be.” 
“Did he turn you? Is that why he seeks you in your dreams?” He continued.
“Shut up! Shut up damn you! What took you so long to find me, to find a way,” I cried only now realizing what I had just let slip, quickly covering my lips with my bloodied hands. He fisted the sheets and looked at me hard, his whole body going rigid. I knew he wouldn’t give me answers, and of course he was right, if I was honest with myself I really didn’t want to hear them.
“No, forgive me- I don’t blame you.” I said standing, wanting to go to him.
I argued with myself shaking my head, trying to reason with myself. “I can make myself wake up from the nightmares. I have dreamed it enough to recognize it’s a dream. I’ll be fine alone... it’s not necessary for you to keep coming in every night losing sleep over nothing.” I told him sternly.
“I sleep just fine, Eva. Stop ignoring the truth.” He was angry with me because I could tell he expected differently from me.
That name did things to me. Made me want to run to him, to make love to him, and erase everything with him deep inside of me.
He was sitting at the closest side of the bed to me with his arms held rigidly at his sides grasping the edge of the mattress in what looked like a death grip. His jeans were unfastened, and I could see he wasn’t wearing anything underneath- my eyes lingered; we’d been so close this time. 
“With the way you’re looking at me you might as well carve out my heart. Why don’t you, Eva? You think I don’t want to give you what you want, what we both almost died for? I’ve had to live with the unknown, and treat your illness while the whole time I was afraid you’d remember and hate me so much more. I stayed away because I was afraid if I touched you again you would remember us. You’re dying because he’s fed you his blood, and your body needs it. How do you think it makes me feel to know a part of you wants him? I’ve been going out of my mind, trying everything I could think of to keep you alive, safe, and untraceable, but this whole time your instincts are pushing you towards him… you want to be found Eva.”
I was shaking my head as I walked up to him and stood over him, “You think I want to be found by that monster? Have you completely lost your mind? You have no idea what I endured to keep him away from you, to keep you alive. Don’t you see… I read the obsession in his eyes, so I knew he would always keep me alive no matter how much I begged for death, but for you I endured. Because if he sought you out, he would not have hesitated to kill you out spiteful vengeance.”
“I expected it, Eva! I expected him to come after me, in fact, I was counting on it. All I could do was think of the two of you together, go crazy inside my head, and search for a way to end him. When I found the answers I was looking for- I waited in vain because he never came. I never got the chance I’d prepared for.” Now I saw the intense hatred reflected in his eyes, but I understood it wasn’t directed at me because it was the look that always passed between Darius and Eros. I’d seen that look exchanged between them ever since I could remember never fully understanding it. “I feared you’d bargained for my life. I was right. You kept him well occupied when he didn’t come looking... I thought I hated you for so much during that time.”
He looked up at me, probing my mind. I was stronger now because of his blood, so I told him, “I won’t let you see what you want. You can’t control me any longer.” 
“Are you his mate, did you love me so much that you fucked someone else?”
I hit him then, so hard I could feel the pain deep in my bones. Then I hit him again, but he took it never trying to stop me as his hand grabbed my nape while the other secured me against him. I struggled and pushed, but he was too strong. He’d bled all over us, yet he was still stronger kissing me forcefully as he pulled me against him. I tried to resist, I tried so hard to fight him.
I weakened… his scent was exquisite reminding me of our home, a scent so clean… smelling of fresh breeze and ocean water, safe… pure. I imagine it’s what heaven would smell like. My mind was erased of all the fears it held onto so tightly, like a mother holds a newborn to her breast… nurturing it, giving it life through her very essence. My fears were simply gone by just inhaling him in. I welcomed my memories of our past together because of his scent… it was home.
I was lost unable to fight him. I climbed on him putting my knees on either side of his thighs and kissed him deeply- our tongues thrusting, pulling, and ravaging with all the desperation I felt when I first awoke earlier tonight. I couldn’t help letting myself go to him because after what he’d just accused me of- he still wanted me. It amazed me. It made me want him more.
But this was more to him, I took the bait his words had cast. He wanted me unreasonable, unthinking, and lost to my emotions because as soon as I became feeble he attacked my mind seeing what I had tried so hard to protect him against.
The memories came overwhelming me with pain, and of course there was so much… fear.
___________________
I was in a darkened bedroom, Eros’s bedroom. He’d just traced us here. I was unable to stand on my own much less, try what my mind screamed for me to do- push myself away from his body. I moaned from the feeling of loss as I tried to take in my surroundings. I searched for doors, windows, or any escape I could find. He picked me up; my head tipping over, elongating my neck, making me feel vulnerable. Everything was upside down distorted from my weakness and hindered point of view. I closed my eyes trying to clear the haze caused by fatigue- surely all the blood loss I suffered was to blame.
Although it was night and no lights were on when my eyes opened, I was able to see in the dark. I’d never questioned my capabilities because it was who I was. He carried me across the room toward his bed when I heard a door open and someone entering. He turned, and I coughed barely able to breathe when I saw a very beautiful woman approach us. I noticed how intensely she looked me over. She neared us with a frown marring her beautiful features and a look of deep concern. She looked distressed. She also looked very familiar, but either I was too weak to place her, or we’d never been formally introduced. She could have been someone I saw in passing, I thought dismissing her.
“Eros no, you promised me… she’s dying you cannot mate with her like this.”
“Elenessa, I don’t know nearly enough about my mate, but what I do know is she cannot die. What she needs is my blood and our union will make her stronger.”
“You said it yourself you can’t act based on theories, we risk too much my liege. We do not know the consequences your blood will have on her.” 
He brought me down on his bed and then began undoing the laces of his leather pants. I started stirring trying to move away from him, horrified by the lust in his eyes and what he spoke of. I tried to fight against his hands while I lay in his bed. I would not drink his vampire blood, my mind admonished because I believed my mother was lost to it. She’d become addicted to this creatures blood. Had completely changed into someone I no longer recognized.
I felt his weight press down on the mattress before feeling his touch. He caressed the blood on my neck, lifted his bloodied fingers to his mouth, and closed his eyes as he sucked two of them into his mouth… savoring my blood. 
The woman turned. “I will not let you harm her, you promised me her safety if I helped you- said it was paramount to everything. I’ve done everything you wanted, but you must not cause her harm, or it ends here. I will take her back to her father.”
“And for what, you would dare take her from me knowing what he has planned for her? Do you wish to see her hate you, feel betrayed by you for what he will do to her?”
She gasped, fear written all over her face because for some reason she believed Eros. “No, I won’t take her to him, but you mustn’t hurt her!”
He looked at her then, eyes going black and said, “Then spell him out of her thoughts. Erase all memory of him from her; I don’t care if she doesn’t recognize any of the love she once felt for me… yet. She has forced herself to love another, it needs to stop. I will not have her continued devotion for him. Don’t you realize her emotions for him have prevented her from feeling anything towards me?”
“Compel her then. Remind her.”
“If only it were that simple. I’ve tried compulsion, and it will not work on her. Don’t you think it was the first thing I tried?”
“My king you have brought her here too soon, no one knows exactly what she is. You may have endangered everything.”
“She was trying to mate with another, she has his scent all over her, and it’s causing me to go mad with rage. I will bring him here, drag him in front of her, and kill him right before her very eyes!”
“No, she will never forgive you for it, and you know this, or he would have been long dead. Look at her, she’s in pain because of the damage you have committed. This was not the way.”
“Then help me find the answers I need, or I will hurt her further for the pain she has caused me.” I felt his claw then, leaving a trail of blood down my neck and over my breast. “Maybe I want to use pain to break her, free her of him.” His arms wrapped around me, holding my back he lifted me. I felt his embrace when he whispered in my ear, “I wanted to kill you when I saw him over you... moments from taking what is mine, but this I promise you,” his breath fanned my neck, his tongue darting out- licking a path over the blood down my neck. My mind screamed no, stop… don’t touch me.
His laugh was all sinister then, “You will want me, more than you ever dreamed possible. What you think you feel for him will seem so insignificant in comparison. I promise… you will beg me just as I heard you beg him.”
I refused to turn into another dominated sex starved minion because of his blood.
As his tongue cleaned the blood trail, he made so many promises forgetting the woman who stood watching only feet away. I could feel her sorrow, and wondered how, but most importantly why did I feel such a strong connection with her. It was very obvious she was concerned for me… she didn’t want him hurting me.
He kissed my cheek before whispering near my lips, “My beloved, I think the only way to fix us both now is through a little pain.” 
“My king we made a solemn promise to one another, and pain was not part of it.”
“I know what I promised, and try not to forget your purpose. Leave us witch, and do not enter again unless you have found what we’re looking for,” he said as he tore open his shirt and held me to him. My cheek lay on his shoulder while I stared at the woman who dared make demands to this monster.
“What are you going to do to her?”
“I’m going to start by taking away all trace of him from her body, but you need to find a way to permanently remove him from her mind, or I will find my own.”
“I may be powerful, but none of the spells against your mate that benefit you will work for very long, and nothing is without consequence.”
“Make her forget him now. I want to feel, to see myself through her eyes for the first time without any knowledge of him in her mind.”
“My king, she has a strong mind. I must warn you this will only last a few hours if at all. All spells will work differently with her because of her lineage, and when it’s over she will despise you all the more.”
“Yes, she will despise me greatly at first, but then when she’s sick of all the pain she will remember her desire for me, and the great pleasure she felt after allowing herself to let go… to me and only me. She will prefer the pleasure. It’s what she feels towards me… deep inside herself, but is afraid of facing.”
Knotting her hands the woman said, “I will get what I need, My King.”
He waited for her to leave. Then, I felt him tearing my dress- undressing me, “You need my blood Emma… I would have waited for our union, but if I don’t feed it to you… well let me just say it will not be good for either one of us. I learned of this in your father’s dungeon while he tortured me and studied my blood.”
“Mhmm… I see I’ve caught your interest Princess. But first… I wish to bathe you. I can’t have you drinking from me and smelling of your slave.”
 
Chapter 7: Your Memories are Slaying Me
 


“Get out of my thoughts! You should never have done that… some things are better left buried,” I said shaken to the core pushing off Darius, but he held on to me not allowing for any separation. “Let me go. It won’t work again, you’re not distracting me.”
“That wasn’t my intention,” he said letting me go. “Eva, tell me… you know what he did. I can’t find him, his weaknesses, if you don’t tell me what you suffered… how you escaped. Don’t you see? I need to find him and kill him a thousand times for your pain.”
“Tell me now who’s lying Darius. Stop making me relive another’s touch,” I said walking away from him.
I turned perceiving movement behind me, and a sick part of me wanted to see if my words had earned the desired result of him leaving, but instead he was up coming towards me- moving faster than any person ever could. I turned trying to get to the bathroom, but he had me so quickly, grabbing my waist, turning, and lifting me over his shoulder. Instantly he was at my bedroom door opening it and walking out into the hallway. 
“What are you doing? Have you completely lost your mind? Put me down! Someone will see us, they’ll know.”
“Let them. Let them know you’re mine. I’ve been holding on, sitting on your bed, talking myself out of doing this, but no more. You need to get this through your pretty little head… I don’t care who touched you before. I just care about making him pay, and knowing it was me you wanted all along. I care that it will only be me touching you from now on.” 
“But my father, he’ll fire you.”
“Your real father will try to kill me if he knows I’m anywhere near you.”
“Have you lied about everything?” I asked exasperated.
“Yes.” 
I hit his lower back feeling like I hit a solid wall and not skin, “Why… where are you taking me?”
“Why… because you’re safer not knowing. I need to show you something, and stop squirming I’m not letting you go.”
“I don’t have proper clothes on… where’s everyone?” I asked looking around at the empty hallways we passed. “I’ve never seen this place so quiet.”
“I told Kamila to get rid of the guards on this floor at night.” He says reaching an elevator I have never seen before, and pressing the call button.
“Oh my god, have you made everyone believe we’re lovers? Because I’m sure that’s what they’re thinking when you told Kimmy no one was allowed here.”
“Kamila knows the truth. She knows I only trust myself to protect you, and I’m sure the others know this too. They know I haven’t had you yet… believe me Emma. They see what not having you does to me. And they know to stay the hell away.”
Shocked because I thought of Jeffery, and of everyone knowing our screwed up situation, I asked, “When did you implement the new rule?” 
“The night we had our falling out.”
“Oh you mean the night you wanted to kill me?”
That would be the night you developed trust issues, I think to myself.
His hand fell hard on my thigh spanking me, “Oww, why would you do that?” After hearing only silence and feeling the breeze of how fast he moved, I felt his hand fall on my thigh again. I felt the burn, so I yelled, “That’s it Darius put me down! I can walk just fine.”
“Not putting you down… and yes, that night. I wasn’t trying to kill you. I need you alive and killing you wouldn’t bring peace for either one of us.”
“Speaking of no peace, how long have you been spying on me while I sleep?”
“Enough, I feel generous and answer a few questions, and you think you can attack me with them, nice try.”
The doors open and he enters a stainless steel elevator. I feel claustrophobic as the doors join, and start panicking over his shoulder, “Please put me down. Where are you taking me?”
“I need answers… you know it wasn’t possible for him to drink from you, yet he found a way. I need to scan your memories to permanently finish him.”
“Finish him,” I laugh hysterically, “…you think you can erase the past if you get rid of him, but it doesn’t work that way.”
“Emma, I have to try. I don’t know how he did it. How he took you the way he did because a taste of your blood kills his whole race. Your blood is lethal to vampires. That is why your mother wasn’t afraid of him. She knew that if he so much as licked a drop from her blood… the immortal would fall dead. But when he drank from you with so much abandon… without a care in the world we knew he must have scented he was immune to you because no spell would have saved him. His heart started to pound once he drank from you. I heard it as loud as cannon fire.” 
“Who knows about this?” I asked. 
“No one, Eva. Up until this point not even you knew.” 
“Make me forget. I remember how you made me forget before… when I found you.”
While we continued to descend, he caressed the thigh he had struck. The doors finally open, and he begins to walk out as I sigh with relief.
“I made you forget because you tried to kill me,” he responds walking into what looks to be an underground cave.
Striking his back again with my fists, unconcerned with where in the world we are, I shout, “I demand that you do it, or I’ll try to kill you again, and drained as you are I don’t think it will be very difficult.”
“It doesn’t work that way anymore besides I’m sick of living a lie,” he smoothly lets me slip down his body and holds me, “…of wanting you and depriving myself of you. I want to see all you are and what else I can tap into while you share your memories with me, see all that you’re hiding.”
“Screw you, and I demand you take me back.” I say pushing away from him, turning, and looking at the jagged rocks all around us. “None of this happened. Send Kimmy to my room, next time… I’m… I’m not myself when you come in. I’m acting out because of my dreams, and the drugs,” my voice is almost a whisper now. The cave’s beauty has captivated me. 
“So you’re reverting back to that. Why… because you finally showed emotion…because you hold on to me and beg me not to let you go before you realize you’re awake, or was it what just happened now? Are you concerned- afraid of hurting me? I can take it Eva. I can take whatever truth you’re afraid of, whatever or how ever dark your need is. I can take you wherever and however you want.” 
“We can deal with this Eva.”
“No… we can’t keep coming back to all this pain. You need to let me go,” I said injecting my voice with a strength I didn’t feel as I turned to bravely look at him.
Did he know how much I concentrated on tuning out the sound of his heart pumping his precious blood? How delicious that sound was to me, how starved I was to consume him? At the same time, did he know how I valued his life? No, I had to get out of here… wanted him to the extreme. 
“Don’t call me by that name, it’s not even my name only a name you called me because you said everyone worshipped me. They saw me as a goddess or princess, but you… you said Eva fit me better because I would be your downfall… your forbidden. You were right don’t you see?” I laughed bitterly as I said, “We are forbidden to each other. After all these years of us being like this- it’s not getting better.”
I walk away from him and move towards the elevator, but stop because of a thought that keeps harassing my mind.
“And Darius, I don’t remember everything, but what I do remember… I rather not because whatever made me come after you to kill you can’t be good. The more I remember the more at risk we all are. I remember how I felt about you. How much I loved you, so forgive me if I’m not ecstatic wanting to dig up something that I’ve tried my hardest to forget.” 
I look for him and see he is sitting in a wrought iron bed. There are some bare pieces of furniture here. It all looks out of place. This underground cave is truly beautiful. I was fascinated by it ever since laying eyes on it when he walked us in. “What are your plans, do you think to keep me in here Darius?” I ask silkily because I know he moves so quickly. I didn’t want to delude myself with hopes of reaching the elevator only to come face to face with a realization I wouldn’t forgive him for. He would not trap me here.
“If you mean to try and erase everything that happened between us, Eva… well then perhaps. You think I don’t know just how much you hunger for me, for my touch, yet you expect me to let you forget everything including the time we spent wanting, needing one another?”
I couldn’t answer him. I wanted him so bad it was killing me.
“I won’t let you run away because you still love me,” he says as he pierces me with his gaze.
“`Don’t you see that we are at risk of losing more than each other, if we keep digging up the past? We both almost died! I’m sorry but I’m not willing to see you die right before my eyes,” I pleaded. 
“Eva, I don’t die so easily.”
I refused to listen, “My mother was right you know? About love… love has been romanticized, but in reality all it brings is pain and regret. To truly love another is to lose oneself. It’s wrong… it goes against who we are.”
“If you lose yourself to me and I to you, we are one in the same. There is no harm in love. Your mother is a cold, uncaring bitch who knows nothing of love, and she has done everything to shatter your confidence in it. I’m not who I used to be Eva, I’ve also changed. I can protect you from your fears, from him.”
I looked at his beautiful body and then up at his eyes. I remembered how it lay shattered with marble fragments digging into his beautiful skin, immobile with so much pain in his gaze while my blood was being drained from me. I’ve never seen such acute pain in anyone’s eyes. 
I promised myself never to put that look in his eyes again, even if it meant giving him up. I knew he would hate me, but I could deal with his hatred if it meant he lived. I knew now I meant everything to him, and he was trying not to frighten me with the intensity of his feelings. He was practically begging me not to end us.
But I needed to end this disease that was our love because it was eating at us both. He had to see reason. He had to let me go.
So I said, “I don’t need your protection. Fear him… please there is nothing to fear. I don’t remember how, but I know I took care of him. He can only torment me in my dreams. A small price to pay for both our safety. Now I’ve come to realize, I don’t need you. I’ve learned how to survive. I’m not the fragile girl you fell in love with.”
 
Chapter 8: Lick Away my Tears While I Carve out Your Heart



“There is absolutely no reason for you to keep me trapped here.”
“You think I don’t see right through you, foolish girl. You are afraid, Eva. No one is leaving here, at least not until I find him and kill him.”
“You are wasting our lives, waiting… fearing a ghost!”
He stiffens, his whole body goes hard, and I immediately regret my words.
“He found you before! Waited patiently while we deluded ourselves thinking you were safe. I’ll make sure he doesn’t find you again. I get it… you want to hate me, but when are you going to face us? Don’t you see that no matter how much you try to deny us, I won’t let you… you can’t be rid of me. I’m under your skin, and I’m not leaving ever. Not now, not when you’re cured of this bloodlust, and definitely not while you still want me… here,” he said pointing to his heart. “Not ever Eva, and I will continue to enter your room when I know you’re distressed because if having my blood while you’re drinking your fill of me will keep you alive than it’s yours. Fuck Eva, I’m yours!” 
He put that image in my mind and it took everything I had not to go over to him. I was so thirsty for him. I wanted him. Through all this pain, I still wanted him. He needed to take me back… he did say he was taking me back... please he can’t keep me here. 
Thirty feet to my left there was a natural pool. I walked there and tested the temperature with the tips of my toes carefully dipping them in while I squatted with one leg. It was deliciously warm, it beckoned me.
“It’s very deep, you can reach the center of the earth, deep,” he rumbled. I looked at him over my shoulder. His look was turning dangerous, he intended to have me very soon. I needed to get lost in something other than him. I took a step back remembering the pool, where I can lose myself tonight, I thought. The way his body looked. His impressively, beautifully sculpted and oh so deliciously defined body. His perfect skin showcased broad shoulders and thick long muscular thighs. I felt the need to have him deep within myself… anchoring myself on those thighs, and too quickly I recalled how he looked straining over me… I wanted to give in so bad.
He knew what he did to me because as my eyes traveled his body, he tightened his body leaning back on his elbows. He wanted me to come to him.
So I looked him dead in the eyes when I said, “You’re wrong, you know. We can’t be together… I do hate you and I hate myself! For God’s sake, most of the time I don’t even recognize who I am, and I can’t stand to look at either one of us,” I said raising my voice.
I turned and dived into the endless deep sapphire blue of the water hoping it would wash away my desire for him. Hoping I would be able to deceive him by running away without having to look at what I had wanted all along. What I was forcing myself to give up.
I swam into the abyss- searching, learning this place he had discovered and noticed an opening in the rocks. Without thinking it through, I swam into the opening knowing that one day he would keep me here… an intuition of sorts giving rise to feeling- the need to find an exit to this place. 
This tunnel I’m passing through seems to be getting narrower making me panic as I quickly try to come up for air. I hit my head on more rock wall and begin seeing white spots behind my lids when I feel his hands grab me- pulling me deeper with him. Suddenly, I taste his bloodied wrist shoved in my mouth as I feel him swim against the currents of a nearby waterfall. His chest is at my back with one arm holding my waist while his legs worked to get us afloat.
When we surface, I see we are in a natural pool which lies some fifty yards away from the main 130’ chute of the waterfall. We are on a lower level pool with smaller waterfalls about five feet high all around us. It is breathtakingly beautiful. In awe, I realize I don’t want to leave. The dams are made of travertine formations with the water having a beautiful turquoise color.
My eyes lower to find his gaze. He’s been watching me inspect the falls, his hands stroking me. “How long have you known about this place, and why haven’t you shown me before?” I ask.
“Because if I brought you here, it would be as a last resort- everyone above lives blind to this place. I want you to come here, find it, if you ever need to find safety. Remember it lies underneath the property. There are cave openings throughout the grounds. Listen and follow the sound of water. It’s enchanted and it will only allow us to enter it. Others will see huge barrier rocks that will obstruct passage. I can show you because of your recent behavior… you now see we are not like the others.”
“Do you sleep here?” 
“There was a time I did- when your dreams weren’t as regular. I would imagine us like this in this swimming hole. Making love here.”
“Have you ever wanted to bring someone else here?” I asked breathless while holding on to his shoulders, and gently kicking my legs moving the water around his hips.
“Just you Eva, it will always just be you.”
“How long can we stay here before they notice,” I whisper.
“Long enough for you to give yourself to me… till sunrise.”
“What are we?”
“Not as different as we used to be,” he says as his hands close in on my thighs and he seats me against his lower chest.
“What is that supposed to mean? You keep everything from me, yet you expect me to give in to you, to let you seduce me?”
“Be honest with yourself baby; don’t you want me to seduce you, isn’t it what you’ve always wanted?” He spoke into my mouth before he licked my partially opened lips.
“What I want is to drink you so bad Darius, it’s driving me mad… you so close, the beating of your heart, and your blood running so fiercely underneath your skin. You’re in danger when you’re so close.”
“Drink me then, I DARE you to.” There was raw hunger in his eyes as he said those words. I realize we are both entering a point of no return. I feel it.
He takes us closer to the walls where there are huge blocks similar to steps only much bigger, and he lifts me sitting me down on one.
I lean back on my elbows looking up at what has to be one the many beauties of the cave. Looking almost like a night sky, but instead of stars there are moisture drops falling from rocky cones. I hear the water falling from his skin as he rises on his palms, my eyes follow, and I see him completely naked rising out of the water. He is so aroused that warning bells sound off in my head as he places himself between my thighs. Ignoring everything but him, I lift my legs off the rock to trap him in.
My nipples harden as I watch him looking at the wet transparent material against my breasts. “You presume I will let you make love to me when I just said I wouldn’t.”
“I thought you changed your mind with the way you were staring at my dick.”
“You don’t have to be so crude. I happen to think there is no way you will fit.”
He smiles and it’s all I can do not to melt in his arms. “You can take me baby… you were made to take me. Don’t ever let anyone tell you differently.”
I smile gasping at the feel of his warm exquisite skin against mine.
“I do want to. I even think it’s inevitable… like it was meant to happen all along, but if we’re going to do this I want you underneath me. I want to be in control of how much of you fits, when, and the pace.” 
Quickly he turns us as my hands shoot out against the rock surface, and I lay crouched over him. He closes his eye, his neck strains revealing what I’ve wanted. 
“Do it, Eva- taste me.”
My lips lower licking over the pulsating vein on the side of his neck. He groans hips moving even though I am on his stomach, he can’t help showing me- what I’ve wanted all along, his voice whispers in my head.
“Open your eyes,” I demand.
“They’ll scare you. I won’t be able to stop. I want you too fucking much.”
“Open them, they’re beautiful… your beauty is what frightens me most… I want to possess it- to own you.” I encourage him.
He opens them automatically, and everything around us is cast with a luminous glow. I moan with my lips over his neck. I am taken by a hunger so primitive just because of the exquisite taste of his wet skin and drink him in. His blood flows down my throat as I feel him at my back ripping my camisole. His hands travel the sides of my breasts feeling them as he grunts with pleasure and pain. My need to drink all of him becomes so fierce, his blood so powerful, my hands bleed against the rocks. I am trying not to lose control. I release him suddenly arching my back while I lick his blood from my lips and throw my head back in ecstasy. I think I can come just from the sensations I’m feeling while rocking on his stomach wanting him. I feel my soaking hair at my butt and on his stomach. His hands grab my waist as he fits me over his erection.
My hands push against his stomach, lifting me, as my face comes down, and I bite him on his nipple. He is groaning uncontrollably. 
“Can you take what I will become, my dark needs?” I demand more than ask.
“Yes,” he moans, “can take anything you want. I am willing to give you anything you need, Eva.”
I think I bring him close to release, with my name on his lips, by just feeling me while I drink him. I feel him in my mind, but this time he is sharing his thoughts with me. He’s trying not to lose control. It is all he thinks. But my blunt teeth bring him such a strong combination of pain and pleasure he knows he needs to be inside me soon, or he will come all over my panties. He doesn’t want it like this he wants to be hilt deep inside of me when he comes.
“Eva!” He shouts. 
I laugh as I lick the blood from his nipple and open my thighs wider as I lower my body just a fraction on his erection. He is so thick… too thick making me tremble over him.
My knees are supporting me against the rock- holding me over him when his hands come to my opening and hook on my panties to slide them out of the way. “Eva now, it needs to be now!” I hear the panties start to rip when I lift away from him, and bite him on a vein running under his belly button.
He yells, “Eva, Fuck baby… yes!” as I feel hot come fall on my neck. 
And I drink while he continues to come as my breasts rub against him. I continue drinking… even when I feel his heart slowing… he is still so hard. He moans incoherently, and I drink more.
All I could do is drink, fuck… I should stop, but I think I am coming from the pleasure of drinking him a breath away from death. I push away from him as I tremble and fall back into the pool.
I let the pool swallow me in and leave him, there… dying.
One moment I was drinking him the next I’m in the elevator making my way up to my room.
I look at my reflection and for the life of me I don’t recognize the monster staring back. My eyes usually a true light blue are completely black. I am naked and beautiful in a frightening way. I want more, but there isn’t any- I took all he had. I want more power, more blood, but most of all I want Eros. He can give for hours.
I go crazy in the elevator with the realization. I think I barely made it to my floor because the elevator walls are caved in.
When the screeching doors try to open I punch, tear, and kick my way out. I hear him… his laughter, his need, and desire- it excites me. I’m coming for you, he promises.
Where are you? My mind begs, I need you- My King.
Did you kill him?
Yes, I did as you asked.
I open and shut my door walking into the bathroom as I prepare my bath with the tuberose oil.
I need to wash Darius away if Eros is coming for me.
I will not let thoughts, or doubts of Darius enter my mind. Soon I will be reunited with my king… it is all that matters.
Tell me where you are!
I can’t he kept it hidden from me.
I enter the bath and lose myself to the smell, the feel of the water. And soon Eros is gone too.
I awaken as I feel arms wrap around me and carry me to the bed. I am too weak to gather who it is and think it’s probably Kimmy- I’m just too tired and know if not for her I would have probably drowned in the tub.
I dream of him, lying in our bed. I dream of us being happy and making love. I see his face in the final throws of passion, it is branded there- forever behind my lids. He is so beautiful, his shining bright eyes covering my body with their blue light. I dream of discovering every inch of the body I would never get to feel inside of me. Darius, I warned you to stay away.
Let it all be a terrible nightmare. Yes… he lies next to me. Nothing’s happened. It was all a terrible, horrific dream. I feel Darius’s warmth, he’s holding me against him, flesh to flesh.
We are both naked. He’s moving over me, covering me. I need to get away. I don’t want to dream of killing him again.
 
 
Chapter 9: Are you Ready for Me Because I’m Coming for You
 


“No… no, no! I won’t lose control... not this time!”
“Emma wake up,” someone is shaking me, “wake up baby, you’re dreaming.” I open my eyes to see Darius yelling in my face. 
Tears are falling down my face over his hands. “You’re not real... you’re dead, I killed you.” He was pulling me up by my arms, sitting me on the bed. The sheets are tangled between our naked bodies.
“No baby, I’m here in your bed. Nothing’s happened to me.”
“I killed you! I drank from you until your heart stopped. Until you no longer breathed. I wanted to drink more. I wanted there to be so much more- I’m imagining you warm… wanting you with me now with so much more to offer me.”
“Don’t you worry baby, I found you. I have you… I can give you all that you need and more. I can satisfy all your needs.”
“My eyes… Darius what color are my eyes now?”
“Blue Angel, your eyes are the loveliest of blues I will ever see.”
My hands reach for him, and I kiss his lips so tenderly, “Please don’t be a dream…please, be real- Damn you be real!”
I have molded myself against him. I am on my knees now and so is he. Our kiss quickly turns passionate, as images from earlier enter my mind. I remember how I was over him… taking his nipple into my mouth. I moan and lower my lips from his finding my way to his neck wanting to recreate it. My hunger intensifies when I feel him pulse against my stomach.
“This time, I promise I will come inside you. I will come only after you’ve come several times, Angel.”
My eyes are closed, and I am lost to my desire for him, but when they open, and I see the luminescence his eyes cast… I know I will quickly follow with a change of my own, one I could not allow. My eyes would turn to black, and Eros would know I hadn’t succeeded in killing him. He will see. I deceived us all.
“I need to get out of here,” I said pushing away from him and running for the door.
I open the door, but from behind me he quickly slams it with the palm of his hand, and my body is pushed by his against the door.
“I’m not letting you run away from me, Angel.” He says biting my shoulder. I feel the tips of his teeth securing me.
“I make you come with my mouth, and it’s Angel now? How typical of you.” I say pushing back on him. Feeling his desire for me.
“Whose being crude now, Eva?”
His palm rubs down against my belly making me shiver, “I didn’t satisfy all you hungered for… let me make it up to you- maybe you’ll reciprocate and call me something special if I make you come with my mouth.”
“Let me go, or leave… you choose.”
“I smell your need, you want me, so tell me why are you back to pushing me away?” He whispers moving the hair away from my ear as he licks it. I feel my nipples harden against my forearms, and I know he can sense my desire. I have to stop us before it’s too late.
“He was in my head. He made me walk away from you thinking you were dead. He asked me where I was. He wanted me to lead him here, and I would have had I known. I would have done anything he’d asked because I wanted him. I wanted him, not you Darius. I thought you were lying dead, and I didn’t care.”
Both his hands break through the door around me. He is gone from behind me so quickly. I want to scream from the pain my words cause me, and because I didn’t tell him I’d only felt like that out of bloodlust; that I wanted him- Darius, now… always him, but I was fighting two beings. I was becoming something I didn’t want to become.
“You don’t have to tell me Eva, I can read your thoughts. I can smell your need for me- that too doesn’t lie. When you came down below in the caves, it was for me. It wasn’t the first time you’ve come for me and never will it be the last.” 
His voice was feral, angry.
“He can’t reach you while you are submerged in water, or surrounded by it. A spell I had a witch cast on you. It is why the caves are below us… for your protection.”
“So explain, why did I leave you? Why?”
“I imagine it was because you were scared, must have been quite a shock when you thought you killed me. I didn’t tell you, explain it was possible for you to drink all you wanted. I will not die the way you expected. I will come back.”
I turned and saw him sitting on my bed. He was wearing his pants again.
“How did you come up, the elevator…”
“Is destroyed, I know. I imagine you did it when he tormented you with what you thought you had done to me. I used the entrance I told you about. One of the ones scattered throughout the grounds.”
“He can’t know you’re alive… we can’t repeat what happened. You can’t touch me again, promise me!”
He looked at me long and hard, frowning he got up… then took two steps towards me before he stopped himself. He seemed to be waging an inward battle. I refused to look at how beautiful his sapphire grey eyes looked. If I looked at them I would be reminded of the man himself, all storm and passion. He was waiting for me to raise my eyes from where they fell on his collar bone, all perfectly mended, and meet his gaze, but I refused. I would not give in to all the emotions and questions that surfaced; like the knowledge that he wasn’t completely human, if at all. 
I left him seconds from his death, yet he survived.
___________________ 
I knew I would regret pushing him away, but I had to make him leave. 
He walks up to me and my eyes lower. He is so powerful in his movements it is an addiction just to watch him move. He grabs my chin until my head is slanted back when he says, “Fine Emma… I can’t keep having you push me away, it hurts too damn much. If what you want is to continue punishing us without any reprieve you’ve got it, but remember this was your choice, so don’t blame me for the outcome. Nothing good can come from this.” He’s no longer in front of me.
He pauses by the door and turns to look at me. He catches me watching him leave, “I will continue to come into your room during the night. Nothing will stop me from sleeping with you. I won’t touch you. Not until you ask me to. I don’t like seeing the panic in your eyes, I now see reflected in them. I prefer them dark with passion. I will find him and end him, and then nothing will stop me from making you mine. Nothing!” 
We look at each other a final time because I know it will be the last time I will stand naked in front of him. His eyes don't move from my face... he wants me to give him what I won't allow myself to do. I shake my head because he's just told me we can get through this- a gentle whisper in my mind. No, I don't think we can, I respond.
On an exhaled breath he says, “One last thing before I go, come to the lab tomorrow because something’s not right here. I think he’s trying to find you through the link your dreams provide; a connection of some sort. I need to break it, or at least figure out where to find him and kill him before he finds us.”
“You don’t understand he can’t be killed… I know, believe me I tried.” 
“Let me worry about that. If you don’t come I won’t send Kamila. I’ll come for you myself; it’s important,” he says. 
“You won’t find anything in the labs. Most of it happens when I drink from you. I won’t drink from you again. We’ll go back to using the drugs. I’m weaker… easier to manage, and incapable of harming you- using whatever it is you give me.” 
That had been ten months ago, and like Kimmy said after that night we barely acknowledged each other’s existence. 


Chapter 10: You Can’t Outrun Fate


“Hey Emma you with me?” Kimmy asked with a worried look on her face. “What’s wrong you look like you just saw a ghost?” She caught me off guard because most of the time I suppressed those memories especially since she probably reported so much to Darius. I noticed the house was just within sight before answering, “Nothing, just feeling really drained after a long night is all.”
“Well if I have your attention, I’d like to tell you about pretty boy from the club… he was so freaking hot Emma, but if you’re not up to it then... I just won't tell you how absolutely fanfreakintastic, orgasmically good pretty boy was.”
I smiled, a real smile now, Kimmy’s happiness being apparent, and drawing me out of a past I could not change, so I drew in a deep breath and said, “Spill all the juicy details.” 
So there was Kimmy going into the dirty details on just how good pretty boy gave it. We were both laughing with the cold weather almost forgotten when a black van with fully tinted windows swerves by almost taking Kimmy and I with it. Kimmy yanks me back by my wrist.
“Shit this can’t be happening now, shh... not freaking happening! Emma, I so failed you right now.”
“What’s going on?” I ask not liking Kimmy’s reactions. 
“Stay hidden over by the trees while I call backup,” she whispered.
She was pushing me towards the forested woods on which the property lay while looking unusually panicked. As we ran, I tried my hardest not to fall behind and failed miserably because I was beyond scared. I mean what could possibly be so bad that she would readily rat us out to Darius? Didn’t she know she was contributing to both our deaths? 
While my heels wobbled, and I was trying not to face plant, Kimmy was in soldier mode expertly taking out a phone, flash light, and handgun. As she placed the handgun in a garter she wore, then quickly discarded her purse with all its remains on the floor, I stood rooted to the spot watching her call the team.
Just then a guttural roar iced my blood, we both turn and look at the van when the back doors were suddenly kicked wide from the inside tearing off the hinges. While Kimmy was urgently screaming into her cell phone, giving orders and locations- I was paralyzed because nothing could have prepared me for what I’d seen. What can possibly do that to a van? I asked myself disbelieving what I had just witnessed. My mind was reeling when I saw the brake lights flash and heard a peeling sound.
A huge form of nothing I had ever seen, or thought possible jumped from the vehicle. What I could only describe as part human, but much larger and with very animalistic features stalked towards the front going to the driver side door. I was backing up and shaking my head no when I heard another door being torn and what had started as a man’s scream was suddenly cut off as shots were fired from the van and then that too, also ceased. 
Now I stood frozen, nothing I thought I knew… was. There was a ringing in my ears and everything suddenly seemed fogged. I was having difficulty breathing; it felt like my head was under water. 
Shit, I think I’m having a panic attack.
God, was this what Darius had been warning me against all these years? Had he thought Jeffery capable of turning me over to this thing he had once said was out there searching for me? It had all been true… I had so misjudged him. It wasn’t my mother’s lover, the one I would not name- we had to worry about.
Kimmy slapped and grabbed my face looking into my eyes and said, “Emma baby… Emma stay with me.” Once she had my attention again, she spoke more strongly, “Emma stay away from him don’t listen to your instincts Emma they’re wrong, stay strong. You will get through this. Just stay focused Emma because Darius will always come for you... he will find you.”
I must have given her a terrified, confused look because nothing she was saying made any sense, but she didn’t have time to explain because she just yelled for me to run. 
I saw as she lifted and extended her arm aiming her gun, and started shooting in the direction of the van. I didn’t turn because honestly I didn’t want to see what it was she was shooting at, he… it must have been bigger than I thought because the firing wouldn’t cease, and she was a great shot. I stopped a few feet away, and started looking at the ground for anything to use as a weapon making sure I didn’t look up at the form approaching Kimmy. I heard the reassuring sirens from the house and thought to help Kimmy – I just couldn’t leave her. 
She started screaming over the gun shots. “I can’t slow him for long... RUN… and baby don’t stop running he’s after you.”
“Shit,” I said, “I can’t Kimmy,” my legs felt as if they were glued and wouldn’t budge.
She then yelled, “Don’t make me turn and put a bullet in your head, he’s not here for me. You could do this Emma… don’t worry he won’t hurt me.”
That seemed to be enough to get me going. I had seen the determined possessive look in his eyes when our eyes met right after he’d jumped from the van. Somehow Kimmy’s words rang true, he hadn’t spared Kimmy a glance; almost as if he’d been looking for me. Only I didn’t recognize him. There’s no way I would forget him. So I ran towards the field and the safety of the trees because whatever he was had ripped that van apart, and he was in my path to the house. He would have cut me off easily. 
I ran deep into the woods and realized it was raining hard now hitting me painfully in the face. I tried to run in the blinding darkness with only the moon’s eerie glow to keep me from hitting the trees I sought shelter in. My ability to see in the dark was dimmed, maybe it was due to the rising panic. 
I was breathing hard… my chest rising and falling with every breath I labored to take while pain sliced my side. I yanked my soaking hair out of my face and tried to just focus on pumping my arms and legs.
I must have been running for a while because I noticed I no longer had my heels. I felt the pain from cuts underneath my feet, my legs felt like they were made of lead, and my vision was blurring. I tried to remember when the shots had stopped, but everything was a haze… I was exhausted. I thought of Kimmy and almost lost my footing, so I pushed her from my mind. She said she would be fine. I needed to believe it if I was willing to keep going. 
As my head pounded, I repeated Darius’s name in my mind hoping to find strength in it. Finally, I knew I had exhausted all my energy when I thought I would soon fall to my knees, crawl, and look for a hiding spot. I heard him then. The sound came unexpectedly from directly in front of me… it was an animalistic, brutal sound that had me abruptly stopping trying desperately to avoid a deathly collision.
Instead, I lost my balance scraping my hand on a nearby tree as I tried to hold on for support hoping to salvage my life… but then without time to take in a breath the monstrous form I had feared rushed me. 
It happened so quickly. I was grabbed with rough hands by my neck and waist, and hoisted up against a tree. I grabbed on to him… fighting against his force. The few moments I knew of my life flashed behind my lids, and I saw the people I loved, Darius and Kamila. Time slowed, and I round up the courage to fight what my mind couldn’t even name. I had lost all my breath from the momentum of his body hitting mine. I even tried to take a large gulp of air kicking out my legs, not caring about my rising dress.
 I was working on adrenaline and instinct. The hold on my neck loosened and a body made of steel pushed itself against my thighs when I heard and felt the ripping of my dress. It seemed my kicking had only served to allow him better access because he just rammed his hips into me while efficiently trapping me against the tree. He was so aroused by our struggle.
I screamed, my panic rising to new heights.
 
Chapter 11: Awakening of the Beast



I’d shut my eyes at the feel of him; then, quickly opened them to better defend myself against him. His eyes narrowed on my face with a look of pure hunger as I whimpered from the sudden pain of overworking my body, and the defeat I felt as I allowed for weakness to take over. I started to shove at his arms and shoulders to create some separation between us. 
His skin moved underneath my palms almost as if currents ran through him and into me, burning me. I welcomed the unrelenting rain as it came down on us, without mercy, as my hands slid on his skin making it impossible to do any damage. I was shivering trying to grab at the hands caressing my neck and parting my thigh higher on his hip. He was forcing my body to open to him. There was no moving off me the hard impenetrable body that covered mine. 
So scared, I knew it was no use; nevertheless, I struggled against him with everything I had left. 
Just bid for more time… I thought, so I scratched and pushed my body at hard unrelenting skin. Tore with all my strength at the forearm that had come to rest between my breasts, and now rubbed me there. Everywhere he touched me, he was feeling me… I could feel how his body sought mine as my struggles lessened. Finally unable to move, my breasts rose and fell against him when I screamed in his face for help with the last surge of energy I possessed. 
All the while his fierce silver eyes took in all my struggles and watched while he caressed me with his thumbs where his hands held me. His eyes were taking me in. He held me securely to him as his hands lulled me, and he waited. I took deep panting breaths as my arms felt heavy; fatigue taking hold of me, making me complacent in his arms as my hands came to rest on his shoulders. Not knowing if he would understand I said, “Whatever you are thinking of doing to me, I promise it won’t be easy,” I managed to look at him forcing myself not to look away.
His reply was the beginning of a smile that never really managed to reach his eyes. Then it was well worth the wait, I heard my mind reply- startled I looked at him for any sign he had put those words there.
His hot breath fanned my face, as I watched the air escape through his full parted lips, and I felt him hard and throbbing at my center. Tremors traveled through my body even though my blood felt like it was boiling in my veins, and I could hear my heart beating incessantly.
 I tried to remember Kimmy’s warning, but nothing she said made any sense because my instincts were to fight him. Fear lodged itself deep in my throat while my nipples hardened. I thought to myself how could I be reacting like this… my heart and soul belonged to Darius, yet my body betrayed me. This was so surreal; it couldn’t be real I was dreaming a fantastical dream. I was still at that horrid club where Kimmy was talking and drinking it up with some handsome stranger while I had fallen asleep at a booth somewhere dreaming of a mystical beast with full upturned lips and white sharp fangs.
The fangs fascinated me. I wanted to reach out and caress them, feel them puncture my tender skin. I imagined them gently scraping me where he was now touching me. It felt as though my skin was burning, so I tried to relax as he held me, and I looked at him more closely. 
I was truly surprised to see how beautifully savage he looked. This being was looking more human now with all the hard lines of his face, emphasizing his features. High cheekbones accentuated a primitively sensual face and a straight aristocratic nose led to these lips… my god they were all I could focus on… his smooth, plump, perfectly defined lips. His skin became lighter, and soon I would see the man. Trying to break free from the spell I was in, I looked up at smooth tan skin. He seemed less beastlike and a bit more dark angel at the moment with those breath taking silver eyes and long midnight lashes. With the back of my hands, I felt his black straight shoulder length hair. I wanted to feel more of him, so lowering my hands from his neck to his arms… I quickly found myself clutching him where before I had tried to scratch and loosen his grip. My hands now tightened and gripped, claiming him. I knew I was staring, but I couldn’t help it- he truly just mesmerized me. Maybe it was the familiarity between us, but as crazy as that sounded I felt I knew him. 
I thought maybe he had this uncanny ability of making me want something like him, so unmistakably brutal. I was feeling very savage at the moment. He stared so deep into my eyes. His eyes possessed me in their intensity… so strong it almost seemed as he knew what I was thinking. Glowing molten silver eyes breaching into my center, it became too much. His eyes were something I would never forget as long as I lived, but the hungered look they penetrated me with frightened me back to reality. I had to force myself to take deep breaths as I tried to regain my strength.
Our panting breaths were mingling, heating my skin, when his nostrils flared, and I felt him move back and thrust as he looked at my lips. Grinding my teeth, I caught the moan that almost escaped hoping not to voice the desire I felt as panic within me increased. His black claws drew back into his skin as he raised his fingers and held my jaw.
 I knew what he wanted. Expecting to hear the reaction I withheld, he tightened his grip on my jaw forcing my mouth open. He was no longer caressing my skin instead he lifted me higher when his hand wrapped tight around my thigh while the other still held my jaw. 
He thrust harder more violently against me, and this time I couldn’t contain the raspy moan no matter how much I wanted to. The friction he created with his thrusting hips was making me lose my sanity. My hands grabbed and pushed at his waist trying to distance us while my body quivered with lust. I pushed against the tree to move him off me, but it was no use- he was steel all over me. I only managed to feel him closer as he thrust again fusing our bodies together. 
He was consuming me. I closed my eyes knowing that my weak struggles must be feeling more like caresses when in reality I wanted to scratch his skin from his bones for my warring emotions. I kept my eyes closed with my head upturned trying to remove his hand from my jaw. I knew if I opened my eyes I would be staring at death, and in this moment I didn’t need it to be staring back through the most beautiful iridescent silver eyes.
I came up with a desperate idea. I thought to myself, which would be the cleanest, quickest, and most alluring way to offer up my death because his intentions were clear, and I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction he sought and thought to force upon me. After all, his mind control was working to some degree. I knew he was going to use me and from the size of his body we didn’t look compatible no matter what he was making me feel. 
I told myself it would be a better fate to die a fast death because otherwise if he sought to rape me I would fight him every step of the way, and I knew he could easily rip me to pieces. 
When you’re about to die the strangest thoughts go through your mind and what my mind kept repeating was, you can’t let Darius find your dead raped body- at least don’t let rape be part of it. It repeated… make him do it clean and fast, so the guilt doesn’t eat away at Darius. He’s sacrificed so much. 
In my desperation for a quick solution, I decided for some reason the neck is always so very tempting in movies, so I leaned my scalp up against the roughness of the tree, and extended my neck right before him hoping his appetite for flesh was stronger than his appetite for sex. 
Man was I wrong… he became so still that I had to look at him when I saw his pupils dilated becoming long spheres that began to expand and overtake his eyes as his hands grabbed my thighs more fiercely while he roughly tore my skin tight dress at the sides to get a better feel of me. Trembling from the shock, I thought, what the hell is he and told him, “ple.. ase… please… just kill me,” he then shook me- separating us from the tree while carrying me. I had to grab onto his upper arms feeling him twitch beneath my hands as I looked down on him. He raised me above him inhaling deep at my neck, and then slowly lowering me he pressed himself against me. “I want you to keep your eyes open… keep looking at me while I touch you,” he harshly demanded. “I’ll make sure you don’t feel the pain… I’ll replace it with so much pleasure, you’ll come alive for me,” his voice was deep, rich, and warm as velvet on my skin.
I felt so alive, yes… I was burning, and it too was painful. No pain… is he freaking crazy, my mind rebutted. I was immobile, shocked he spoke and even more shocked when I saw the fangs extend; I thought I’d imagined them earlier. His hand traveled up my thigh to my hips and waist, over my breast, kneaded, and lingered.
 His eyes searched my face reading my reactions. He carried me back and placed me more gently this time against the tree. His actions told me that he would not hurt me if I cooperated, but I knew pain and my death were inevitable. It seemed he meant to have me here in the woods up against this tree, and he said it wouldn’t be painful; who was he kidding? His hand greedily dove under the upper edge of my dress, lowering the top half, and leaving my black lace and silk bustier out in the open for him to inspect. He seemed fascinated by it as he firmly pressed against my breast cupping and lifting it while teasing my nipple with his thumb.
Through all the need I felt, I was shocked, all I could do was take in hard breaths and look at the starved expression on his face. I heard my dress tear… as I held my breath, prepared for the worst, and slapped him hard across the face with my bloody hand. I was looking at him alright. His jaw became tight, stretched showing the blood my palm left across his cheek and lips. 
He then smiled a cruel unwavering smile that showed off his fangs. “Love, I never expected for you to make things easy for me,” he said pinching my nipple and heat spread like lava through me. He made no sense, I thought! I knew if I kept up the blows it would be my salvation.
His face miraculously returned to normal, where he was once red, on the spot I’d hurt him. Was he the same species as Darius and was this why and where the attraction originated? I looked at my crimson blood on his face and drew courage. I could do this… I was going to die, so for what it was worth I smiled back with what I knew to be just as much cold determination in my eyes and raised my hand again to slap him, but he quickly removed his hand from my breast and snatched my wrist pulling it high over my head.
“Is that all the bite you have left,” he taunted me as he pushed his body harder against mine.
I was stretched and nearly started crying and screaming, but nooo… I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction, so I spit in his face and raised my free hand to scratch out his eyes. He caught that hand while his hips pressed against my soft open body holding me in place. He licked his lips, brought his face down close to mine, inhaled, and said, “Your scent mixed with rain drove me wild with need while I was held up in that van, I imagined us like this surrounded by this wuthering wilderness. I saw myself driving hard into you making you want me all the more. Making you beg for more. It nearly drove me mad with desire for you, but your taste Emma… that supersedes all. I won’t ever have enough. I’m so hungry for you right now, all I can think about is driving myself deep into your tightness over and over again and then making you come while you scream my name.” 
He took deep breaths as he lowered his face to my neck and continued speaking, “But you have to stop pushing me… I’m really trying not to let the beast takeover. I want you so… so bad.” I felt his tongue snake out on my neck making goose bumps travel all over my body as my head fell sideways then back giving him better access. His tongue had the power to soothe me.
 
Chapter 12: He Who Trades his Heart is Gambling Away his Soul

 

I realized I wanted so bad what he said he meant to do to me. His hips dug into my core raising me while he united both of my wrists in one of his hands placing them over our heads. I tried breathing, but it was becoming too much because he was large and hard, and a desire I couldn’t control began to take over me. I had limited experience with men. Darius had been the only one I’d wanted this bad before. My body moved reaching and responding to him. I could seek with this beast the relief I could never have with Darius. 
My nipples became unbearably hard beads as he continued to rub himself against me. The friction he created was sweet torture, and I was lost openly moaning for him now. His sweat smelled of woods, spice, and pine or was that his soap? God, it was messing with my head. All I could do was smell and feel him all over me. 
With my hands caged above my head, I was looking up at the rain and slowly shaking my head no; trying to find answers I knew I wouldn’t get… he meant to have me, I thought. And could I stop him, did I now want to stop him?
I realized now that was what Kimmy had been warning me against. I had seen such uncontrolled hunger in every contour of his face that I knew my death was never an option for him. I renewed my struggles as he wound and thrust his hips against me spreading me more- digging into my depth while his other arm had wrapped around my waist and now his open palm covered my rear pushing me closer against him. We were both wet with rain and sweat, his breathing was labored when his face sought mine, and I saw there were tiny beads of perspiration on his upper lip and forehead. 
I realized then that he was trying not to lose control, but I had pushed him too far and his need was too great. 
The feeling was becoming contagious because we were both seeking the rush and climax our need produced as his thrusting hips had me gasping, wanting. The rain that fell on us felt as if it were boiling my skin, and I felt all of him through the only material of clothing he was wearing, his wet drawstring pants. As I struggled and pushed against him trying to maintain a fight I was so quickly loosing, I saw his eyes had become dark pools- his pupil overriding the luminosity I had seen before. The need to struggle became more ardent, so I pushed my breasts and hips harder against him and my mouth came down to bite his shoulder as his hips moved more fiercely lifting me each time.
“Please," I whispered hoarsely not recognizing my needy voice, “you have to…” I couldn’t finish the sentence because I didn’t trust myself to tell him to stop. Would I end up begging him like he said, I would? I didn’t know myself, I was becoming as much of a beast as him that in my frenzy I silently begged him for more as I shut my eyes and bit and licked at his shoulder. 
I tasted his sweet decadent blood on my lips, and all that registered was that I wanted… no needed it more than the air I breathed. I existed in this moment only to devour him. He was breathing heavily as he clawed at the tree around my wrist and pulled his hips back to thrust only harder and lift me higher each time.
I knew I was losing my mind… I had to be… hadn’t I been saving myself for Darius? But there was too much sensation and he only increased to a frantic pace. I was quivering reaching something I didn’t understand with this beast, and I was utterly lost to it… lost… it was too late to be scared any longer. So I reveled in licking my lips, and lifting my head as I moaned. I told myself I would be greedy in my need and take what he offered. Once I had the satisfaction we both craved, I would leave without a backward glance, and then be done with the consequences and whatever it was I was feeling. Somehow I would find a way out of this spell. My reasoning told me my reactions were not my own this was just survival instincts kicking in. That’s when I saw him wet, rigid, and straining with his head thrown back in abandon, his fangs fully extended and his eyes tightly shut. He had a look of pain and ecstasy which drew me to him. 
He was mercilessly taking control of everything I was through the intense and uninhibited pleasure we were feeling. The blood I had been sucking on his neck was tantalizing me, driving me insane as he pumped harder and faster against me. My moans had grown louder and I sought to muffle the sound by lowering my lips and sucking harder on him. I opened my lips wide around his skin, bit not caring if I caused him any pain, and licked up the remaining blood when I noticed he no longer had an open wound, and there was no more blood for me to consume. 
He seemed too far gone to notice, so I forced one of my hands free and greedily searched for his wound, but all I found was his thick neck, corded tight with muscle while he was rigid and oblivious to my hunger for his blood. He was uninhibited as he spoke and grunted in a language I didn’t recognize. His voice was rough with desperation and need.
 
Chapter 13: Drink Me Out of My Misery

 

In my frustration, all I could do was scream for him to look at me while I struggled to open his skin with my blunt Wicked- Essie manicured nails. Wicked… exactly how the night turned out, what he looked like, what I felt.
I had meant to ask him what was happening to me, but what came out was entirely different because instead I heard myself say, “We’ll both get what we hunger for and then I want you to disappear… you’re not real, this can’t be real.”
His actions cut me off from any further talk as he ceased all movement, straightened his body, and looked at me with what had now turned into resolute black eyes. He drew up his fangs, took a step back still holding me tightly before he slowly let my legs down.
Dragging his palm over his mouth then lowering it, he watched me very closely. I realized he was trying to regain control. I reached for him not wanting any separation between us, but quickly realizing my mistake I fisted my hand not willing to show my desperation.
 He heatedly looked and pointed at me when he said, “You have no idea the extent of OUR hunger, Emmaley… it’s not something you can easily discard, in fact, it will drive you mad with need if you don’t give into it. But of course you don’t recognize it because you have been weakened. I bet you’re just as ready to beg as I am Emma, is that what you need sweetheart a little demonstration. Should I bring you to your knees woman?” He lowered his gaze to my lips holding me with the intensity of his very visible hunger for me as I straightened and stiffened my back. I was in control… he was wrong if he was now expecting me to beg, I was most definitely not anywhere near it.
He smiled a cruel knowing smile… then took a razor sharp claw, drew it to his chest over his pectoral muscle while showing me a path of crimson blood down his body. I tried so hard to resist. I even tried a couple of times to look away. My palms were sweating… fisting and opening not sure of what I’d do next. I wanted to pull him to me so bad, but instead I made my body take a timid step to the side away from him.
 I was now very aware of every inch of his breathtakingly beautiful body. 
His nostrils were flaring at my refusal and his manhood throbbed as I saw the blood drip to his torso, over his ribs, and finally fall soaking the rim of his drawstring pants. I saw his hands travel to the edge of those pants, realizing his intentions, I almost fell to my knees in front of him- in fact, I saw myself doing just that when he said, “What are you waiting for hmm… there’s no one stopping you but yourself.” Was my loss of control that easy to read I thought, no... hadn’t he warned me he could do this? Taking in a deep breath, I said “You’ll hurt me if I give in to you. You think I don’t know this is a trap?”
“I’ll release you from the traps they've set... the woman within you is begging to be let out. A trap, is that what they made you believe our attraction is? You were trapped before I found you, remember? This is what you’ve wanted… Emmaley. All this time you’ve been searching for me as I was searching for you. You and I were meant to collide.” 
A collision, that’s exactly what it had been. A red, passion filled haze collision which completely had taken me off course.
He continued by taking his palm and with an irritated look proceeded to wipe his blood clean.
“You’ll be surprised to find who’s the pray Emma, but if what just happened between us is good enough for you now, then…”
“No… no… you won’t leave me like this,” I heard myself beg not allowing him to finish his thought. I don’t know what came over me, maybe it was the fear of him leaving me there in the woods alone, cold, unsatisfied, or maybe the fact that I knew he was shutting himself from me, leaving. But whatever it was, had me rushing him as I threw my shoulder against his abdomen. My hand coming up with the motion to push at his chest- the surprise and satisfaction showed all over his face as he let himself fall perhaps the only reasonable explanation of how I managed to land that monster of a man on his back.
I quickly straddled him wasting no time, my dress rising as I captured his hands and brought the one with all the precious blood to my mouth licking at his palm. His eyes slowly closed savoring the moment. When I finished with his palm, I lowered myself on his body finding the trail of blood and licking his warm skin while I moaned. 
Then, I was made to look up because he possessively grasped my hair. I let him pull choosing to ignore the pain while relishing in the pleasure. He yanked hard forcing my neck back when he said, “Emmaley this is going to happen now, beautiful girl... I’ve waited too long. I can’t wait for you to come to terms with a reality you didn’t think was possible.”
I could see his body was strung so tight. He was still holding himself together, but as I felt his blood deep within me I knew I was much stronger than before. Somehow, I knew I needed more if I was going to survive our coming together- knew it was possible. I knew this was no longer something I wanted to fight. I looked down not finding what I sought so, I demanded by telling him, “I want you to give me more… a lot more of your blood beast.” I called him this because as silly as it sounds it’s exactly what he looked like. 
He smiled showing fangs he no longer tried to hide making me want to offer my neck to him as I anxiously waited and noticed how warm he was beneath me- burning me. I imagined myself riding him giving us both so much pleasure while he drank from my neck. Is he putting those images there, I wondered.
“No need to say please… Emma,” he groaned, “I’ll gladly give you whatever you wish, I’ll let you drink and ride for hours, love… just as you imagined. It’s just you and me now.”
Of course, I couldn’t care what he said now it all just managed to turn me on more. He brought his captured hand to his soft lips while kissing my fingers, which were fiercely gripping him, making me throb with so much need for him. I attempted to ease and lower my grip down his forearm. I needed to be good, I thought, maybe then he would give me relief. His eyes flashed as he probably guessed his effect on me. He brought himself up on his elbow and opened his mouth around his wrist. 
The blood, my new found treasure… dripped down his arm.
“Say it!” He growled. “Say you will always be mine.”
I wanted to tear his arm away as he bit and stared at me. I was so impatient when his mouth drew away, and I saw the blood on his lips. I thought about kissing him then. 
“You and I,” I whispered. Instead of kissing him, I harshly grabbed the front of his neck to keep him away from me and brought his wrist to my lips. Upon tasting him again, my eyes rolled back in my head as I lost control and forgot about everything but having him complacent underneath me while I ravaged him. It was such a rush hearing his grunts and feeling him underneath me.
I became lost to my surroundings, I only knew that I wanted him more than all else. So much desire for him, it was overtaking me. Nothing existed but our needs for one another. I didn’t know for how long I had been drinking him when I felt what he was about to do. “We’re going to try this again Emma and this time you’re going to be a good girl, you won’t scare so easily, right?” I tried to ignore him, but when I felt him pulling free of me I quickly answered, “Yes, yes I’ll do whatever you ask... whatever you want… just don’t stop… giving me your blood please.” 
“For everything that’s sacred Emma you can’t say things like that to me.” Desperately now, his hands traveled up my inner thighs spreading me wider, readying me to take him. I threw my head back as I moaned. I could feel him throbbing against my black lace panties and the friction was delicious torture. My moans were growing in volume. I barely understood when he said, “Show me you recognize what I am to you, I want to hear you come for me Emma… over and over again.” 
I silently cursed as I moaned yes because nothing he said made sense while making all the sense I needed. It didn’t matter anymore… I didn’t care I was not running him off. I was so far gone and he seemed so familiar, so necessary that every fiber of my body responded to him- to his breaths, his voice… his hard, hot body. It was driving me over the edge… as I felt myself building. I opened my mouth to scream my release when he suddenly stiffened, turning me over he covered me with his body while bringing his hand over my mouth. 
He was breathing hard, and shaking himself trying to clear his head… almost unable to speak he looked me up and down when he said, “SHH… baby, calm down Emmaley,” and his words almost sounded like a prayer; almost as if I wouldn’t obey I would soon be witnessing the end. 
“They are all coming, rushing towards their deaths thinking they can take you from me. I’ll obliterate them for taking this from us, all these centuries… tortured… wasted.”
He was livid and unsteady. His body barely held in all the fury that was visible as it once again took on an appearance of beast rather than man. I don’t think I ever really saw the man tonight, so I turned my head feeling ashamed, scared, and vulnerable all at once. I realized he was grasping for control when he ran his blood covered wrist on his pants and then his shaky hand through his hair. 
I was back to staring at him feeling a mixture of dread, panic, and most of all unfulfilled lust.
I was watching the blood on his pants as he tried but barely managed to reign in his emotions and regain control. He was still hard when he abruptly said, “…Promise me you’ll stay here. You’ll wait for me… here.”
I shook my head no… he couldn’t leave now because I wanted his blood... him… I didn’t care about anything else. He forcibly grabbed my arms as he pushed himself back on his heels and kneeled between my parted thighs bringing me forth. He brought me up to a sitting position while I quickly tried to shut my legs closed.
He looked me over hungrily, but otherwise did nothing else but say, “You’ve had enough blood; maybe even too much, but you need to stay here. No matter what you hear Emma, or I swear I’ll kill every… one… of them. Do you understand?”
Terrified from his words, I just nodded my head and said, “Please, don’t hurt them, I’ll stay.” 
He looked unbelieving at first. Then looking deep into my eyes, he spoke in a language I didn’t understand. While he spoke, it echoed around me. He lifted his hand and reached for my neck. I drew back, but felt solid metal connect over my skin and wrap itself around me like a collar.
He continued to stare at the plate and said, “They are tracking you somehow. I was caught up in finding you myself… you’re fast and you traveled farther than I thought possible, so when I found you I wasn’t thinking of checking how they could track you. All I thought about was you beneath me, and I inside you.” 
He kissed the corner of my lips so gently before he continued to warn me.
“There was a moment when I panicked because I thought you escaped me. Don’t try to escape me again because if you do I promise you… you won’t like the consequences. I won’t be as understanding with you Emmaley, remember… I won’t let you forsake your promise to me. Hell with the gods, and their selfish reasons.” 
You were understanding before? My mind questioned. 
“Don’t lie to me and don’t pretend to make promises you won’t keep.” He turned his head, cocked it to one side, and listened. I listened too and heard the team’s movements, as well, when I realized I could hear them from what seemed to be quite a distance away. 
“I have to go, but stay here, or you won’t leave me any choice,” he raised his hand to my choker and said, “Emma, I will not hesitate to kill anyone who tries to take you away from me!”
“I understand,” I assured him. What was I supposed to say he looked terrifyingly murderous at the moment?
“They landed a helicopter a few miles down,” he explained, “and are making their way towards us. I’ll create a barrier that will keep them from us, and I want you here when I return, or you already know what I’m capable of.”
He removed his hand from my collar, lowered his head, and appeared to be inspecting it when he bit down at the juncture of my collar bone and neck while my scream pierced the night. My scream sounded foreign to me somehow inhuman as it penetrated my ears. The birds above us scattered going wild while he greedily drank from me, and I realized he purposely allowed for me to be heard. I felt his greed, his possession of me and the knowledge, like a vision, of his desire to have every one of them know I was his.
No longer feeling pain, I moaned and grabbed his nape bringing him closer to me when I felt his own collar cold against my hand. I held on to it liking the feel of having my beast collared.
I smiled at the thought, maybe if I held him like this he wouldn’t leave me. He sucked and licked me until I fell back on the wet dirt and saw him reluctantly draw away from me, lick the blood from his lips, and look warily down at me. 
A moment passed before he grabbed my dress, lowered it from my waist, and raised it above my bustier taking a step back- inspecting me with desire still burning in his eyes before he turned and was gone. I stayed staring at the swaying tree branches hanging above me, cocooning me as the gloomy night surrounded me, and a gentle breeze kissed my skin. My nipples hardened already missing his touch as my eyes closed. I need to know who he is.
I heard the frantic steps of the search team and opened my eyes thinking they must of heard my scream… they’re rushing, being loud, and clumsy. God they’re no match for him. As my eyes grew heavy, I tried to fight the need to close them, my hand twitched as I tried to move, but nothing else in me responded as I lost the struggle.
 I thought to myself, I need to get up… I need to help Darius and his team. I need to show them I’m strong, I no longer need their protection; I can now take care of myself. 
This was my last thought before the illusion of serenity enveloped me, and the wind blew its soothing farewell kiss upon my scorched skin.
 
Chapter 14: Fear me, Need me, but Don’t Ever Leave Me

 

Slowly becoming aware, I awakened to screams all around me. My lids feel too heavy to open, and my head is swaying as I limply bounce over someone’s shoulder. I feel everything changing around me so quickly. The sounds I hear change too quickly. Even with my heightened hearing the screams sound so far away. I moan in pain and need.
Instinctively, I know it is Darius who carries me. With this knowledge, I realize this is the reason everything is moving so fast. This can’t be good, it can’t be good… drop me now… please. Everyone will die! You can’t die… noooo.
My arms sway, so I try to hit him and get his attention… tried so hard, but nothing. Nothing!
I know you can hear me, Darius, please… everyone will die! Put me down!
I need to get him to hate me, to drop me, and not want anything to do with me because when the beast found me, and he would, I have to be alone. Maybe we can end each other, the beast and I. 
Darius… God what you must think of me... please hate me it’s what I deserve, best that you leave and never look back. What have I done!
My heart feels like it has been through a shredder. In fact, in my heart I feel defeated because I know the condition he found me in would cause us both so much heartache. He would never forgive me for it.
Kimmy you were right, Darius always found me.
He was running because my body kept jerking with his pace. I knew him to be extremely fast. We must have covered so much ground when the screams sounded so distant, even with my heightened hearing. I am amazed he was able to get us away from the beast.
I try to tell him to stop and set me on the ground while he has the chance, but my lips won’t move. I am still fighting an inward battle with myself trying to make some type of movement. He has to understand he must set me free, or they will all die. It sounds like hell on earth, and I knew if I opened my eyes it would look like a page from the book of Revelation’s. 
Struggling for some response from my motionless body, I realize so many of the things he tried to tell me made so much sense now. Would I have believed this was what he was protecting me against? Did he know it was useless because as soon as I regained control over myself he would have to fight me too? I craved the beast as I worried about those facing him, but the hardest, most important truth I would have to face was I still loved Darius, and it hurt like hell knowing he would never forgive me for this.
The beast would be my punishment.
I needed to stop thinking, or my heart would burst.
Wanting to block all thoughts from entering my mind, I concentrate on the noises around me to gather where we are, or where we’re headed while I try to ignore the screams, but soon I can’t keep one name from entering my mind, Kimmy. Please don’t be one of them- out there, please be safe. I think of her and more pain overwhelms me.
Soon, I hear the waterfalls he took me to months before. I understand his plan is to trap us in the caves while the whole world falls apart around us. I can’t let him. For everyone out there fighting for me, but most of all- I need the beast as much as he needs me. My lover won’t stop until he has me again.
Suddenly, there’s a loud blast and we’re thrown. Darius loses his grip on me, and I hit the ground so hard that I feel my skull and teeth rattle. I try to call out to him, but I’m too weak. I don’t know if I’m still in one piece, or if the blood I smell is me bleeding all over the sodden ground. Am I lying in my own blood? I wonder feeling like destiny, the bitch, always wins in the end. I fear I may not live for very long because my breaths are very shallow… limited, and I can’t hear anything. I try to call out to him; it rings out in my mind Darius… Darius.
 
Chapter 15: Will you Wait for me Outside the Gates of Heaven?

 

I awaken to pain. I feel so much pain, it consumes me. I can’t run away from it. The truth is I think it’s become my long lost friend- it’s all I can think about. I don’t even grasp where I am until my reflexes kick in, and I gasp for air. I feel myself being submerged in water. A few moments pass before I painfully feel the burn- like there is no air left in my lungs. 
My eyes burst open. I see what looks like a great expanse of rock wall- the cave. 
My back is cradled against his chest. I grab at the hand that holds me and struggle against Darius. He releases me, so I make my way up to the surface for air. He’s brought me here again, but I’m afraid this time I’m not getting out.
I take a great gulp of air when I break the surface and look frantically around at my surroundings. I feel panicked seeing no way out of this cave. I feel him touch my skin- grabbing me by my waist and drawing me to him just before I see him. He comes up, but doesn’t gasp for air like I did. I’m breathless all over again because I can’t believe there was a moment I permitted another’s touch. My arms and legs wrap around him as we’re both bobbing in the water staring at one another- silent just watching each other. 
I never thought I would see this emotion… hate, and this time there’s no doubt in my mind it’s directed at me, his eyes tell me he both hates and blames me. I don’t try to apologize, after all, I wanted him to feel those emotions towards me, but what I don’t understand is how, or why he’s still here. How we are here together.
He clears his eyes, appearing emotionless… blank- still holding me, swimming for the both of us as I hold on to him. It is completely pitch black, but I see him. We’re in a part of the cave I’ve never seen before. I try to use all the senses I own, even the ones I may not know of. I know… I’ve always known we are more than what we appear to be. Before, I just did something I’ve become very good at- hide the truth. And I don’t ask, how we made it this far after feeling myself being blown to bits… how it is that my body is working feeling less and less pain. 
“Why have you brought me here? I will leave again.” I tell him.
His fingers dig into my skin, “You don’t get to ask questions, or demands- you think I don’t know what you are doing?”
“What am I doing Darius?”
“Do not fucking say my name with those deceitful lips, and stop playing your fucking games with me- have you played me all along, Princess, or is it Queen now?”
He wasn’t going to distract me with jabs, “Here’s a question, if you hate me so much why didn’t you leave me out there to die?”
“Because if there is any killing, it will be directly by me, but not before I satisfy us both. Tell me who are you wet for now? He can’t influence you in here. It’s my body rubbing up against yours now. Is it me you want, or have you become so good at lying you don’t even recognize the truth when it’s right smack in front of you?” He harasses me with his words, his hands, and a dark expression on his face- frightening me, his hands tighten on me. 
“Let me go, I’ll find my own way out of here.” I tried to get away undoing my legs and arms while trying to push away from him.
His fingers quickly wrap around my fragile neck while his arm holds my waist painfully against him- tightly... squeezing. I sigh from the pain. He brings my face forward as he whispers in my ear, “You said you dealt with Eros- to leave it alone… why did you lie to me? Were you playing me all this time, aiding him so that he may find you? Take you from me?”
I started hyperventilating… but suddenly the air becomes too thin, and I can’t take enough of it into my lungs.
I am suddenly blind to everything. I manage to use my elbows striking him on his neck while bringing my legs up. I kick off his chest diving backwards into the water and start swimming away from him.
A few moments after, I feel my ankle being grabbed, jerked back hard while my arms try to grasp something, other than water, current, and bubbles- anything… please, I think as I open my mouth on a scream underwater. As the precious air leaves in bubbles surrounding my face, I think- how stupid could I be? 
He is pulling me to him, his hands wrapping around my waist as he turns me towards him. I struggle for air as I push him- more out of survival than wanting to get away this time, but he holds me down in the darkness of the water as my body convulses for air.
I shake my head no… he’s finishing me… really is killing me when suddenly he enters my weakened mind.
I hear him in my head, Show me what you never showed me before, what you kept hidden from the both of us. He demands.
Let me see the two of you together, Eva. I want to see how you betrayed us! How you gave him everything when you give me nothing. 
I shake my head no one last time, releasing the last bit of air, and losing all grasp of myself. 
This is when I saw what I had worked so hard to suppress. The agony I tried so hard to protect him against.
 
Chapter 16: Who’s Your Master

 

I was held up against a jagged stone wall somewhere in his castle. Held captive in a dark, vast, and empty room; close to his bedroom where I had been dragged from, and not in a dungeon where I expected to be kept. I’d convinced myself it had gone on for only a couple of hours, tricked my mind, when the reality was so much worse. 
There are iron cuffs at my wrists connected to six feet of chain that thread through a rotating ring hooked on a metal bar high over my head on the wall. My voice was hoarse, and my throat was raw because every time I regained consciousness I started screaming, cursing him… cursing myself. 
I made promises too. I promised I’d give him a slow and painful death, that I would make him beg me for the mercy he had denied me. I even lied and promised to love him.
I would say anything to be released from this nightmare. The worst of it was there would be no one saving me. I was my only hope.
I was soaking wet, wearing a black lace nightgown. The gown was designed with a low cut v at the front and the back. It also had high front slits on each of my legs which he had made very good use of. I missed the dress I wore when I last saw Darius- it covered more of me. This left very little to the imagination. I was so cold, so cold… I felt it deep in my bones.
I screamed some more.
In my mind, I kept repeating it had only been a couple of hours, and that I the daughter of the Goddess Aurora could withstand a little torture. 
I couldn’t bear to move because my wrist scrapped the metal every time and there was blood running down my arms.
I begged for mercy, “Please, please set me down. I’ll do whatever you ask,” I whispered. “You’re wasting my blood. It’s what you want, will you just let me die like this? You want more from me than to let me die like this!” I supplicated, trying to trap him with my words.
“I feel how difficult it is for you. You can’t lie to me.” I plead.
“But the excitement hasn’t even begun, my love.” I hear the clipped tone of the voice I had learned to fear most, behind me. “You’ve given me the same promise before; always promising to give me what I want- only to try and tear out my heart later, my sweet girl. But what I want is more than spilling myself in your sweet body. After so many years of wanting, I want so much more. I want to break your tender barrier knowing you love me, and while I’m spilling my seed into your womb I will know you killed the slave. I won’t penetrate you until you’ve killed him with your own hands.”
“Tell me beloved, are you willing now… to give me what I ask? Should I release you, release us?”
His claws traveled up my legs revolting me. My tear soaked face fell back on my shoulders as I looked at the bar protruding from the wall which held me. How many times had I prayed for it to break free? 
“Here my good girl, I’ll give you my shoulders to sit on,” he said so silkily.
His touch revolted me, especially after hearing what he expected from me. I would never leave this hell. He would not kill me, so I had to find a way to kill him because there would come a time when he would become impatient. I felt it already- his impatience; he was having difficulty talking of us together without throwing himself on me. I saw his depraved thoughts. He wanted me now, chained… with streaks of crimson blood tumbling down on my pale skin.
I gagged. “Please stop!” I screamed.
Endless tears traveled down my face as I cried. I felt my legs being lifted and inevitably knew what was coming. He’d tried this countless times before, always causing me to attack him with my legs instead. I’d almost succeeded in killing him the last time. The revelation I witnessed with the last attempt I would ever make on his life, left me so dumbstruck- coughing up blood.
The vision of what previously occurred hit me hard. Left me hopeless, made me think… would it be so bad if I tried to find some common ground. He was suffering as much as I was, maybe I could reason with him, teach him to compromise.
____________
He’d come to me like many times before, saying things I refused to listen to, but I did hear his warning, “If you kick me, like you did before, you know that I will quickly heal. The damage you inflict will be temporary, but the consequences that will befall you… the pain you will force upon yourself will be very real.”
I felt his hands traveling up my legs, lifting my dress while his breath fanned my skin. I again screamed when I felt his lips touch my skin, “NO let me go, Don’t!” He laughed turning me quickly, while I no longer had any voice. His movements had silenced me. I became too weak, lacking any willpower- the fight within me quickly vanished, and left me with only the rush of watching the ring above me dance on its hook feeling some delight at being turned so quickly- like a merry-go-round.
 A memory came forth; I was a young girl again with my arms outstretched into the beautiful starry night sky while one of my mother’s lovers turned me on his shoulders. My mother and her guards watched as he played with me; I could hear her laughter mixed with his and mine. He had great speed… turning me, making me feel weightless almost like one of those beautiful birds I’d envied so many times. 
I screamed but this time it was with joy asking him to go, “Faster, faster… please don’t stop… I love you,” I said on impulse while my tiny little nails dug, and gripped his black hair.
“Enough, Eros! I said enough, put the child down before you make her sick,” my mother demanded.
He suddenly stopped as I opened my arms and let myself fall from his shoulders knowing he always caught me. I felt so much trust in those moments- knowing absolutely no fear waiting for his arms to lovingly reach me and wrap around me. I held onto that beautiful feeling for years. I held it now. Bliss… a time of no fear. 
He’d been gentle.
As expected he caught me, kissed my temple, and took me to my mother’s waiting arms as she carried me away. I wanted her to take me back to him. I didn’t tell her I preferred his embrace moments earlier because I knew she would feel jealousy of my love for him. 
Fearing one day she would learn and she would make him stop… I called to him, “Promise me again tomorrow,” with my outstretched arms extended past my mother’s neck I repeated, “promise me.”
He’d been staring at me, watching me leave with an emotion I didn’t understand or pay any attention to then… I recognized the emotion now- pain. Quickly recovering, he gave me a look no one else saw- his pupils dilated overtaking his iris and his lips turned up in a smile when he said, “I promise you all eternity, my sweet girl.”

Chapter 17: Pain is the Brand that Binds



I was laughing with joy as he stopped turning me suddenly, “I see you now remember how much you once loved me.”
Silencing myself and recovering from the memory I correct him, “This, what you have done to me is not love. If you truly loved me you wouldn’t torture me. Love is good, caring, wanting above all… the other’s happiness. To love someone is to ensure the well-being and safety of your beloved not to destroy them.” 
“My Queen, you will learn there are different degrees of love. I’m building you up to show you what true love really is. All I ever did was demonstrate to you, repeatedly, a love so full of kindness, waiting patiently for you. Did you not love me then?” 
I sat on his shoulders breathless from the exhilaration I felt reviving that memory. “Things are so different now,” I said sadly. How could you think I’d forgive you for lying with her all these years?”
“What if I told you, I did it because it was the only way someone of my kind, let alone the King himself, would be allowed to be near you. Your mother and I have been enemies for centuries. Before becoming her lover, there were many times I almost succeeded in killing her. As my people’s King it was my duty to destroy her. She has the ability to eradicate us. I didn’t understand why I hesitated every time; not knowing of your existence then, but I’m glad I did because each time I couldn’t kill her it made me curse my weakness becoming obsessed with killing her.” 
“Until the last time, when you walked in on us after hearing her scream. You, a tiny vision of an angel demanded I let her go, and asked me why I was hurting her. I fell to my knees in wonder at the sight of you. I saw you in that very moment as you are now... a soul shattering beautiful woman, my only beloved. I would have done anything to be with you- even thought of taking you then, but knew it was too dangerous because of all the uncertainties. I needed to learn so much about what you would become.” 
“I would have never been allowed to watch over you, be by your side- guarding you all those years if I had not been your mother’s lover.” He said kissing… savoring my thigh.
“I’ve dreamed with you ever since, did you know this?” I asked him wishing I could, at least for only a moment, put my hands through his hair- just as I did when I was only a child.
“No, I didn’t know how powerful the bond was for you all I knew was I couldn’t be close enough to you all these years. I’ve thought about you every second. Thinking I would go mad with grief, jealousy, and anger… so much anger it has been the only thing keeping me sane.”
“I no longer love you, that child you played with does not exist. You destroyed her love for you every time I walked in on you and saw you with your countless lovers.”
“Yes… I knew you would hate me for that, but as you grew into a woman, and I watched you with him; I wanted you to feel the pain and anger I felt when I watched you with another.”
“Tell me Emma, did you run to him because he was safe. Because he was the safer version of me, I was who you really belonged with. The one you truly longed for. It was always me, Emma. And all he was Emma… make no mistake, was just an easy play thing for a spoiled princess who was used to getting her way.”
Closing my eyes, I shook my head no. 
“Stop trying to delude yourself. Admit it damn you, and we finish this here!” He roared. “Admit you too have been selfish and proud. When you thought you couldn’t have me you decided to use the slave as punishment against me!”
“It is not true.”
“No… are you still so afraid of what you really feel? Then let me help you. How did it feel to watch your mate smile and flirt with the slaves? Do you know what that does to a king’s pride, too see the girl you’ve cherished, fought for against your own kingdom because they thought you mad with a prophecy that would bring down a king… they said you were my destruction. My own brother betrayed me to your father in order to save me from myself. I was tortured, brought back from death only to be tortured repeatedly, and my brother’s last words were that he was saving me. All the betrayal I endured for you. I would not let all of the pain I suffered go to waste by allowing a slave to touch you; moreover, for you to throw yourself at him.”
“How hypocritical of you because you made sure you had plenty of slaves to forget me with. I heard you calling me, every time you were mating with them. In my mind, you repeated my name, only then to reach you and find you feeding and claiming someone else!”
“No Emma you were so young, and I wanted you, but I knew I had to wait. I had dark needs that were driving me mad with lust- all for you. Your thirty years is nothing in the lifespan of a goddess. You are immortal. You are still discovering yourself. I never claimed any of them because I’ve waited for you all of my miserable existence. I will only claim and mate with you. I fucked them, but I would never let you do the same. I wouldn’t let you because your innocence is mine to take, but you cannot blame me for it, for this.” 
“You are too late, so you might as well kill me. This past time with Darius it wasn’t our first. He’s been my secret lover for years. I’ve given myself to him, repeatedly. I can’t have enough of him. I will never have enough of him!” 
His claws dug into my thighs and I smiled. “You think you can lie to me? I had the witch examine you; although, I’ve kept a very close eye on you my love. You have never been touched.”
“I wanted his touch, I still do. I can’t even trick my mind that it is he who touches me instead of you to save myself and stop the pain.”
He growls in pain and deafens me. I can’t cover my ears as I feel blood running from them. “Do you want me to kill him, is this what you want… My Queen because make no mistake, the slave dies!”
Feeling panicked, I try to answer unaffected, “I don’t care what happens to him any longer- he’s probably long gone. I’m more curious of how long we’ve been in this room. I realize we both have been punishing each other long before this. Tell me how long has my torture gone on for… Eros, how long has it really been, a couple of days?”
“It’s been weeks, Emmaley.”
“Weeks,” I laughed bitterly. “And you haven’t broken me, but I will tell you a secret I hid even from myself… watching you not just flirt, but savagely fuck my personal attendants senseless has left a scar nothing will undo… nothing my king, so fuck you and your pride,” I claimed as my knees quickly took hold of his neck, and I turned the ring with all my strength. My hands clung to the chain while I climbed it carrying myself higher to decapitate the vampire who had suffered, was still suffering because of me. I would either snap off my wrists or take his head, but nothing would stop me. 
I had once loved him- loved him so much, I pushed him away so many years ago out of fear because of the relationship between my mother and him- caused me so much pain. I inexplicably felt betrayed. 
There were also his endless betrayals with different lovers as I heard them gossiping of how incredibly strong and gifted he was. I pressed and pulled harder applying more pressure. His claws tried to cling to the wall, but he was unsuccessful. Why he chose the wall and not my thighs was something I would not understand until later.
I was tearing tendons when I started choking on my own blood, so I looked down on him. He was staring at me with blood for tears, as more blood flowed from his lips. His legs gave out as I threw up more blood, and the chains finally- blessedly broke.
I hit the ground crouching, coughing for air trying to clear the blood- laying over him as his face lay underneath my stomach. Afraid he would tear my stomach with his fangs, I moved back quickly standing over him as I examined most of his head had come away from his body. 
I turned, fell to my knees, and quickly threw up more blood. He is dying… I did it, I could feel it. 
I loved him, yet I would kill him now.
But I’m dying too, I soon realized… horrified. No, No… No! I cried desperately. My forehead resting in a pool of my own blood. This can’t be… it can’t happen like this. I’m immortal, I can’t die… my God has the witch linked us, or is it the bond between us?
I heard his laughter in my head, “What did you expect Emma? I promised you all eternity.”
I felt myself crawling to him, against what my heart and mind demanded. My instinct, my only will was to save him. I reached for what was left of his neck, and gently placed it on my lap. I looked at his black blooded eyes while taking his hand and piercing my wrist with his sharp claw. 
“Eros, please… my beloved king… please drink,” I heard myself whisper while I smoothed his silky hair away from his face placing my wrist over his dry open lips.
I felt weightless again… losing the hate I had carried with me all these years. The blood had stopped flowing from my lips leading me to believe it was working. His body was repairing itself. I felt true happiness then as I lost control and fell back against the hard flagstone floor. Instants later, with eyes half closed, I saw his beautiful face smile down on me when he leaned down and kissed me, tasting my blood on his lips.
“Soon Emma, very soon now… you will be completely mine,” he promised against my neck. His fangs took me there as he drank more fiercely. He was claiming me… I was his, always had been, my mind whispered when everything went to black. 
 
 
Chapter 18: Lifeline into Heaven or Hell?

 

Water hit me harshly, when I came out of my blissful sleep. I must have set him off again- made him so angry he lost control of the pain he inflicted. I probably blacked out from the severity of it.
 Maybe I begged for Darius, wouldn’t be the first time. I think I did it to torment him now more than anything else. 
No one would come for me.
I coughed as water went into my nose. I was hanging again, but gone was all the blood from the floor and my body. My wrists were cured, and my body was renewed for the first time in the weeks I was here. I imagine it was some type of reward for saving his life yesterday, or he was finally giving up. 
I faced him now no longer turned towards the wall. My breath caught at the beauty I had never before permitted myself from appreciating. I had made my heart a stone after all the years of suffering. He was the most beautiful out of all my mother’s lovers. And I knew everyone was enjoying what was meant to be mine. Now, as I truly looked at him I finally understood why she let such a hated foe into her bed. He drew you in with his intensity- it was innate, in the essence of who he was. He was raw. I was bled out from so much rawness. I now believed what he repeated all these miserable weeks- tormented me with. 
We were made for one another.
He saw my appreciation as my eyes roamed over him. Only black leather pants covered his impeccable body. He was close to seven feet tall. All muscle and smooth taught skin covering every inch of his body.
He traced right under me when he asked, “Are you now willing to play nice, or should I fear for my life again, Emma?” I could feel his breath on my inner thigh as my knees folded, and I felt those claws grab and squeeze my backside supporting my weight as I again sat on his shoulders. 
“Your desire smells exquisite, my beloved… so sweet it’s intoxicating. I thought I would never smell it again.”
Embarrassed by what he said and worse what I knew to be true, I tried to climb the chains, but he held me down ripping my gown. My wrist bled again while all I could do was watch them, so I screamed from the pain and frustration.
“What… are you willing to put an end to my kindness so soon? To the kindness you have won for willingly giving me your blood.”
“No… stop… no more torture; please… I cannot take any more of this suffering.” I pleaded.
“I’ve given you my body as support. Do you not remember the consequences of your stubbornness, or are you finally willing to hear what I ask from you before you have earned your right as my future queen to lay beside me in the comforts of our bed?”
I felt him lick my inner thigh, but this time instead of telling him I’d rather burn in hell for all eternity than have him touch me… I whimpered from the only cool refreshing touch, I had allowed from him. He supported me on his shoulders while facing my stomach.
In the past endless hours, Eros had taught me that I was in control of the pain he unleashed on me. One of the earlier times I refused him, he whipped me saying it was much more torment for him having to punish me when all he wanted to do was pleasure me.
I didn’t believe him, until I remembered screaming, “Everything that comes out of your lips is filth and lies that is how I see you. How can you possibly think I would allow you to touch me?”
I saw the whip all bloodied, thrown against the wall right beside my head. He was now beside me on the wall, when he roared, “Look at me Emmaley, really look at me.” I turned my face then… seeing him as he revealed a great weakness. He turned, and soon I was faced with the fierce welts of open skin on his back.”
“How is it possible,” I asked. 
“Any harm I cause you, I receive it double because we are Mates. I am just as raw as you are after so much pain. End it now for the both of us, Emmaley... I beg you my sweet girl. I’ve been tortured viciously throughout my existence, but nothing compares to harming you, my love.”
I smiled, my head falling back on my shoulders, “You should never have shared that information with me because now, Eros… I will welcome the pain.”
His knuckles caressed my cheek, “Difficult girl, it is obvious no one has taught you… pain can only be welcomed for so long.” 
He was right of course. I welcomed the pain the first two times the whip fell on my skin. My skin never before this past week had felt such unshakable pain. In fact, it had been gifted with all the best luxuries. 
Everyone served me including him- Eros, but now no one could save me, but Eros.
No, I thought. I could hold on to the knowledge he was feeling it twice as hard every time the whip fell and cut my skin- my teeth cutting deep into my lips when the whip cut the air right before it made contact. I was not someone accustomed to any pain much less one so deep. I had always protected myself from it. By the third time the whip landed, I held on to the thought it was better it be me than have him take out his rage on Darius.
On the fourth whipping, I realized I couldn’t think of “him” because I had also learned that Eros read my thoughts, and nothing angered him more than knowing I welcomed this hell as long as I knew Darius was safe.
I never got to the fifth count, miraculously- it had merely taken four whippings for me to pass out from the pain.
 
Chapter 19: Your Innocence is Lost on Me

 

He was now licking a path up my other thigh as I closed my eyes and focused on the cooling sensation left on my skin. After long moments of his revitalizing touch, I realized I was at the point in which I had suffered so long that I no longer cared who it was that administered my salvation… I just needed the pain to stop. 
“That’s right my sweet love, after hours of ceaseless pain for the both of us you have finally welcomed my touch. Is it not pleasurable to you?” He asked as he kissed my scorched skin.
Tears fell down my face as I answered, “Yes… but please, can you set me down.”
“Beloved you must learn to address me as your king, and I will only be too pleased to oblige you.”
Again he was testing me, “My king, please release me of this pain by setting me down. I do not expect you to share your bed with me because of my defiance; in fact, I’d expect no such kindness.”
“No such kindness for my clever and noble queen? I’d be the greatest of fools not to provide the both of us the pleasure your worthy behavior has afforded us.”
I held my eyes tightly shut when I felt him rip my new dress in half up to my solar plexus- opening and pressing his mouth on my skin. I felt his fangs rupture the delicate forbidden skin at the juncture between my thigh and womanhood. More tears fell, but not a single word to stop him.
I felt him sway against the rock wall I had stared and screamed my pain into for so long. He groaned his ecstasy while holding me tightly against his mouth. I could no longer remember the name I had so strongly held on to. All that mattered was I needed to please my king, so that he may release me from the shackles. 
The more he drank the less I felt the pain. I was finding blissful peace as I heard and felt his passionate moans against my skin. The more pleasure I found with him the less pain was inflicted on me. I felt his desire consuming him. It was moving through me, consuming me as well. I joined him and moaned from the pleasure of feeling no pain as I lost consciousness from the overwhelming sensation of such sweet relief.
While I was between an unconscious and conscious state my silent tears still fell from my face. He carried me now taking me somewhere within his castle. Although there was no more pain, I still cried. 
A part of me died. Slash and burn making way for rebirth.
He soothed me with soft words filled with love I would never have guessed him capable of.
“My love it’s all right. All we have suffered is for the redemption you have earned us.” I heard a fountain and that sound terrified me. He felt my trepidation and calmed me by saying it was only a bath. I felt him enter it as he stepped down into the water. I started to feel the burning water rising against my skin, and thought nothing had ever felt, or smelled so luxurious. 
“What is that wonderful scent?" I asked against his neck. His neck, it had been my safe haven as a child. He had been… my everything.
“Tuberose, my love.” There was joyous laughter in his voice.
“Smells like heaven,” I whispered.
He laughed openly then, a laugh so full of love, of pleasure- I thought it sounded so beautiful… nothing had ever sounded more beautiful to my ears.
“Then all our baths will be prepared with tuberose from now on, for all eternity my sweet, Emmaley.”
He stood me on my own feet and began stripping me so slowly savoring every new flesh revealed to him. I watched him and realized no one worships flesh like a starved vampire who has been kept from his mate far too long, and discovers her willing for the very first time. We were both discovering her. This was who I was meant to be.
His pupils elongated as the green receded. I was no longer frightened by those eyes instead I felt drawn to them. 
“Do you desire me, Emmaley?”
“I don’t know,” I smiled playfully.
“Your eyes speak differently, My Queen. Your eyes devour every inch of my skin.”
“That is because my skin feels scorched after hours of the torment you inflicted on me, My King.”
His eyes were completely black now, but my words hit him hard because I saw him flinch when I said them, and nothing makes a vampire king flinch, not even his own decapitation.
He came at me then, quickly… so quickly in fact the water barely moved, and asked merely inches separating us, “What will you have me do to rectify the pain I’ve caused you?”
I saw his question for what it truly was- he was testing me. I turned my head up to him preparing to kiss him, got on my toes, looked into his eyes as they ravaged my face, and he in turn bowed his head down closing the distance. His black raven hair fell onto my cheeks, a soft breath caressing me as I leaned into him pressing my hands on his chest, and I lightly kissed his beautiful lips- then said, “Nothing would please me more than to feel the coolness of your skin against my heated skin.”

Chapter 20: If I Can’t Have Your Blood then Pour Me Some Whiskey

 

I’m waking up, but I don’t want to. I’m afraid where I might find myself, or more importantly with whom. I fear them both now. I know I’m alone, but I still wish to be sleeping… I think the nightmares are better than what my life’s become.
I cough sitting up in bed. The white silk sheets fall to my waist leaving my breasts exposed. I hate him! I want to yell it at the top of my lungs. I do, “I hate you Darius!” I scream.
I see the cave, and immediately jump out of the wrought iron bed. I smile… thinking it could be a lot worse, at least I’m not hanging from some castle wall, or worst dead at the bottom of the pools since I’ve survived death. Does this mean I can’t be killed?
I look for my clothes on the cave floor, the bed, all around, but they’re gone. I spot four large wooden chests- making my way to them, and find bedding goods in the first. I quickly close it and move on to the next- I can’t waste precious time. He’ll be back soon and god only knows how many times he’ll try to kill me before he is through searching my mind. In the third chest, I find my clothes and quickly put on tight fitting jeans and a nude tank top with no underwear. I have no time to keep searching, and I am covered enough. I leave the chest open and run for the elevator feeling confident because I know I’m capable of so much- my limitations are all in my head.
When I am just about to cross the threshold of the elevator I’m thrown a distance of almost eight feet back. I land on my back sprawled out on the cave floor. My elbows are scraped and bleeding, and I have a monster of a headache.
Oh no, he’s fixed it, so I can’t use the elevator. 
I get up as I start to heal and this time I try to walk into the elevator, but I hit an invisible wall. Bastard! You fixed the spell, so I can’t use the elevator. I squash my rising panic by breathing deep and remember the waterfall in the adjoining space. If I climb it I can get out.
I run to the pool and dive swimming towards the tunnel. I pass it quickly and swim up to the surface. I think I’m moving fast because I don’t feel out of breath, and I smile feeling exhilarated to finally know I’m not as weak and hopeless as I thought. He kept you drugged… or the god’s only know… if worse.
I jump out of the water into the upper level pools only to swim fast towards the waterfall. I tread against the powerful current going around the falling water curtain, and swim into the beach area behind it. There are kaleidoscopes of colored pebbles all over the ground creating slopes up to the rocky cliff.
I start climbing never losing sight of the top. Once I reach ten feet from the top, I start to feel pressure in my heart. I smile thinking I was being silly, after all, I was a goddess, vampire, and a third unknown; whatever, my dad may be. Vampires don’t suffer heart attacks. I dismiss the pain because I am so close to a freedom I’ve never had, always out of my reach. I feel the warmth on my face and fingertips, but my smile quickly fades because the pressure I’d felt begins to intensify to the point I feel my heart being torn out of my chest.
Then, I see Darius in front of me. But he wasn’t the Darius I knew, he has fangs and he is eagerly clawing at my heart taking it. No, Darius stop… Stop, please… You Can’t Kill Him!
Losing my grip I fall back. Falling through the air with piercing, debilitating pain in my chest, I try to straighten my body, but I am too late the pain immobilizes me as the ground rises up to meet me. I lay damaged, torn on a boulder rock knowing Darius has heard me. I’d succeeded, I’d entered his mind. Eros is safe.
I wait in agony fainting several times, waiting for my body to heal itself- hoping every time it would happen faster because I needed to be able to finish my climb. I fear Darius. He will try to stop me, and as I am now lying broken on this rock, he’d succeed because I wouldn’t be able to put up much of a fight. 
Finally, I am able to lift my neck when I see my ribs protruding from my ruptured stomach, and I hear Darius break the water’s surface a second before I see his clouded face over mine.
He is speaking so fast and in a language I don’t understand, so I shut my eyes and turn my face. I don’t want to see his beautiful face, I hate him…It felt like he was castigating me.
I feel his wrist in my lips, and tell myself to turn away… that I don’t want anything he offers, but my instincts take over as I swallow his blood. When I feel strong again my fingers close over his wrist, and I suck him more fiercely. 
He groans from pleasure as he touches my belly. I think the area has suffered the worst from the fall because he is feeling my ribs and stomach or perhaps helping everything meld together. I feel his warm blood on that skin. I was so cold, yet his touch sets me aflame so much that I think of stripping him as I drink him dry.
I push him off me as I turn us, falling to the ground he lands under me. His hands grab my thighs to lift me off him. Straddling him, I hold on to his shoulders bringing my lips down to him, and take to drinking from his neck. He is trying to fight me, but I quickly clasp his hands keeping them over his head- letting go of his neck with my teeth, and suddenly begin biting his chest over his heart. 
He roars in ecstasy right before my hand comes down and slaps him hard on the face. I back hand him again and again as I get up and kick his ribs several times hearing them crack. He spits blood from his lips as he grabs his ribs and turns on his side. I run towards the chute again soon climbing my way up.
Almost there, I touch the sun’s rays with my hands about to push up into the rocky exterior. I look down to see him one last time… only he isn’t laying there where I’d left him. Pushing off and needing to be out of there, I jump up through the air. 
Out of a nearby shadow his hand shoots out and grabs me by my neck bringing me into a darkened alcove. Fighting him and shocked, I think that’s not possible because the alcove had been several feet away which can only mean either he could fly, or he moved so fast that he could cover those distances without falling. 
He is squeezing me so tight I think I will lose my head. I feel blood vessels popping in my eyes as I strike him in the face. 
I feel Eros’s rising panic… he knows I’m in danger. He knew I was endangered last night and allowed himself to be caught.
I hit him repeatedly with my forearms and elbows… as hard as I can over his wrists to dislodge his grasp when his sharpened claws extend, and I feel them tearing at my neck. He rather kill me again than watch me leave… who are you?
Will this be the last time he kills me because even I can’t come back from decapitation, I surely think as my feet search frantically for ground.
I continue to attack his face while my blood runs from my lips. I realize with some pride I made major damage to his face, breaking his nose and causing him to bleed profusely. I scent his blood and a mixture of need, survival, and hunger takes hold of me. His eyes are swollen, turning into slits, shining brightly at me... he must scent my arousal. 
Our scents are mixing in the air- surrounding us. The bloodlust takes over, and I kick his knees shattering both. He goes down to his knees pulling me down with him. As we hit the ground I head-butt him on his broken nose. One hand brakes free of me while the other- claws extending digs into me. We are both kneeling in front of each other staring into one another’s eyes hoping the other will cease their blows. Unable to breathe, my struggles stop and he lets me go. My face falls against his lips, chin, then drops to his chest while he falls back and everything goes black. 
“Don’t even think to bite me, or I’ll fucking take off your beautiful head, Eva.” His voice sounds hoarse, constrained when he places his hand at my nape… covering, applying pressure trying to control the bleeding.
There’s always next time. Right now, I just need you to fetch me a bottle of whiskey for the pain since I know you’re reluctant to offer me some blood, was my last thought. I realize he was just moments from killing me again, yet now he is doing what he can to save me without giving me his blood again.
Why does he persist after everything I’ve put him through? Is he, in the end, just like Eros and now only wishes to keep me alive to cause me pain?
_______________________
Waking up and immediately knowing I am still in the cave, I try not move. I feel he’s near... waiting, but I don’t feel him. I lay unmoving trying to sense his location. Within a nanosecond, I feel his claws digging into my stomach as my eyes open in panic, and I scream. 
“Your breathing gave you away, Eva.”
His eyes watch me as his claws stiffen. He is crouching over me with his fangs showing. His fangs terrify me because they are double the size of Eros’s. Can they extend just as his claws do? 
He smiles at me and they lengthen.
“Of course they do,” I whisper exasperated.
I am on my elbows looking into his eyes, searching for sympathy, pain, or any sign of weakness, but find none.
“What are you?”
“Same as you,” he smiles- eyes shifting quickly, surveying.
“Which part of me?” I ask growing accustomed to the pain because his claws are inert.
“I see you’ve learned to ask the right questions. Not trying to hide from the truth are you? Tell me Eva, is this new you ready to face all truths?”
“Yes, you made sure of it... Which part?”
“I’m what your father is,” he turns his claws, and I gasp.
“How did you keep it a secret, even from her?” I whisper referring to my mother.
“We’ve learned to adapt, camouflage. Your father made sure I infiltrated your mother’s kingdom.”
“To what end... tell me, I need to know.”
“No… unless… we come to an agreement.”
“I won’t try to escape.”
He’s laughing at me… why? I push myself on his claws and bite his jaw. Roaring he dislodges his claws and stands over me. I’ve taken a piece of skin and bone. I spit it out as I look up at his powerful back, and see he has moved away. He is no longer blocking my view right in front of me, so I see we are still in the alcove. He is at the entrance or more precisely my only exit with his back facing me. 
Next time you bite me, I won’t control the urge I get… to bite you back. 
“How is it you can communicate telepathically? I thought only vampires have that gift.”
You’re wrong, happens you know.
I couldn’t help smiling because he was so good at keeping things from me- he's answered my questions not really answering anything at all, why did you laugh?
“Because Eva, I changed the enchantment and now all exists are blocked for you, so your lie of not trying to escape is really no bargaining chip.”
My heart drops, so I decide… screw it. It would be worth it. I’d drop us both and lunged for him. 
When I reached him he was waiting for me with open arms lunging for me. We clashed as I pushed him towards the edge. Once he’s overpowered me, he carries me horizontally throwing me over his shoulders as he lifts me high over his head and throws me against the darkness of the crevice. I land on my feet, and run to him aiming to rip out his jugular. He laughs enjoying every moment of our combat. I have him up against the wall strangling him with my forearm.
“Angel you’re no match for me, when will you see I’m just letting you have some fun,” He snickers.
That name angered me to the point I saw red. I punched his groin. He’s yelling from the pain, going feral he pushes me hard over the edge, but this time I was expecting it. I try to slow my fall, to find balance as I hit the water and no rocks. I smile knowing I’d done it while looking up for him. Suddenly, he runs out diving into the water. Bastard knows where it’s deep. I quickly swim out and turn just in time to see he is coming for me. My hands come up to stop him, and right before he reaches me he hits a barrier similar to the one I hit when I tried to enter the elevator. 
Getting up he yells, “Impossible… what the fuck Eva!” He screams bewildered while he punches the barrier over and over and over again. He’s yelling obscenities every time he punches the invisible wall.
“Thank you gods! Oh, that’s right I am one. I guess I just found one of my powers asshole!”
“Let it down! Or so help me I’ll make you pay.”
“Really, how do you suppose to do that if you can’t reach me?” I ask lightheartedly.
“Let it down, or I’ll go fucking rip out his heart again. I won’t ask thrice.”
“No you wouldn’t…”
He was gone in the blink of an eye. I dove for the water trying to reach the elevator. I can break the barrier down, I have to reach him. I stood in front of the elevator bringing my palms up testing the barrier when the pain starts, stealing my breath. 
I told myself I wouldn’t shout, I wouldn’t beg the bastard. I hit the barrier with my shoulder and dislocated it. I’d rather kill myself trying to get in than from the pain he inflicts. I continue inflicting my own pain, realizing I hate what we’ve become.
When the pain becomes too much, I gasp and slide down the barrier all bloodied. I try to raise my own invisible wall knowing he will be back for me, but pass out instead. 
I dreamed he carried me to the bed, the silk sheets so soft against my face. I moaned at the luxurious feel of the sheets. How I missed sleeping on my own bed in previous times when he was just a warrior and I his princess. 
Those times were gone, never to return.
I prepared myself for the sight of bloody sheets. I hate it. I hate him. If only he would stop ripping my jeans. I wanted to be left alone. Stop… let me sleep. 
“Your clothes are covered in blood, Angel.”
I shot up in bed and pushed at his hands ripping at my tank top.
“Don’t touch me!”
I looked down at my blood covered skin. My breasts were covered in blood probably from shattering my clavicle and shoulders, slicing my skin. Then I saw my hips and they too were covered in blood, and I felt so vulnerable and weak.
My tank and jeans were sliced down the middle exposing everything to him. Shocked, my eyes lifted, and I saw him staring at my bared tiny strip of hair. My hands quickly move to cover myself, but he moves faster grabbing me, cupping me there.
 I scream.
 I breathe hard, my breasts rising on every breath. My knees lock together pressing his wrist with my thighs.
“FuckingLetMeGo!” I yell outraged.
He smiles with eyes lighting my skin, “When did you find the time to do this?” He rubs the tiny hairs with the pad of his thumb.
Mortified I answer, “All I had was time, remember? I ordered a do it at home machine to remove it permanently,” shifting away from him I begged, “please, let me go.”
He laughs still holding me, rubbing, “So you don’t beg me for your life, yet you beg me for doing this, Angel?” He asks as he holds me while his thumb scrubs my tiny landing strip.
“I’ll tell you what I am if you allow me to taste you here. If you let my tongue enter you.” He tells me as his palm pushes against my lower lips and he taps my most sensitive spot.
I slap him and his laughter reverberates through the cave- opening his mouth showing his fangs. His eyes are shifting glowing a darker blue lowering from my eyes to my breasts. Warming them with his hungered look. My nipples harden as my hand grabs his wrist to pull his hand away.
“Cease your hold, or I’ll rub harder, and faster,” He growls fiercely.
My hand immediately falls away. I believe every single one of his threats now. He doesn’t know how to draw the line with me.
He gets close and inhales, “I think I can come just from smelling your desire for me.”
I say the only thing I think will get him stop, “You hate me remember… how many times have you killed me now? Three, no I think it was four counting the first time.”
His other hand comes up to gag me with a strip he has ripped from my tank top as he pushes me back making me sink on the bed. I convulse with anger screaming into his palm and pulling at each wrist.
His hand vibrates against my clit making me scream some more, and pull harder. He presses harder and faster, and I scream more fiercely, shaking my head uncontrollably. I’m going to pass out… it’s too much, it feels so good, I think panicked.
No one has ever touched me there, like this. The thought slips, and I know he’s caught it edging him on- making him desperate for me.
“Come for me baby, that’s right scream through your pleasure and come for me.” He stresses.
My hips start lifting, shaking as my whole body trembles while he watches with fascination, and my back arches lifting my breasts closer to him.
“Fuck Eva, you’re soaking me Angel. I want you now!” He growls making me shake with desire. His eyes become fierce with their light, moving… brilliantly shining all over me.
My wrist falls away unable to hold on any longer- pulling at the sheets around me as I tremble and beg against his lips.
His lips… he is kissing me swallowing my moans.
I feel him near my thigh lowering his pants as he begins palming himself, making himself come too. It drives me over the edge as I arch away from his mouth and scream, “Darius…yes…”
I feel his hot seed spurting long against my shaking breasts and neck as he yells, “Eva… Eva you’re Mine.”
My orgasm won’t stop because he continues to tease me, and I ride it out shattering… wanting him more than ever.
“Let me lick your honey, Angel.” He demands as he kneels by the bed’s edge.
No… no… I can’t. My mind screams embarrassed, terrified.
“Eva, don’t deny me this.” He growls pulling my knees towards him.
I feel his hot breath on my sensitive flesh and my leg shoots out kicking his face.
I get away running towards the pool when I feel his arm grab me and lift me off the ground. I feel him hard against my lower back, feel my essence along with his drip down my body. I am shaking trying to get away. My tank top flapping against my back the only piece of clothing I have on. My body strains against his while I fight him. I elbow his nose, hearing it break as I dive for the pool. I swim to the other side trying to reach it before he reaches me. When I reach it, I turn searching for him. But… I don’t find him, so I keep searching for him in the dark. 
I was so tense not knowing where I’d find him. My body anticipated him and became overly sensitive to the current. I felt his eyes on me, but I didn’t know from where. Swimming I searched, looking for his glowing eyes, but all I found was the darkness surrounding me.
“Darius,” I screamed, “Darius this isn’t amusing show yourself!”
Suddenly the pool became luminous all around me. Agitated, expecting him any moment to surface anywhere in the pool… I searched for him in the water. It was so vast my eyes darted in every direction. Reaching for and holding the rock over my head, I lifted myself trying to find a better vantage point. He’s hidden himself in the depths of the pool… center of the earth deep, he’d said. No wonder I didn’t find the light I searched for.
I was lifting myself higher out of the pool when his hands wrap around my waist. He pulls me down making me slide down on him. Losing my grip on the overhang my hands fall, straightening on his shoulders. His lips press against my ribs as he continues to pull.
“No, no more Darius.” I say breathless.
“I won’t stop until every inch of you is mine, Eva. You won’t leave here until then.”
“Then you’ll be killing me many more times tonight.” I reply.
“I rather be fucking you, baby.” He says as his tongue snakes out to capture my shuddering breast.
Nooo, if I let go I land in his mouth, but I’m weak, and I can’t keep my arms extended- they’re burning.
Come baby, land in my mouth. I hear him in my mind.
His tongue strokes the underside of my breast, savoring it with his eyes closed, making me shudder. He nips it with a fang as drops of blood start to fall on his tongue.
“No! You can’t drink from me,” I say with shaking arms almost ready to give out.
With eyes wide open shining bright at me he says, “I’ve been drinking from you since you found me- with the one purpose of killing me. How do you think I’ve kept you weak all this time? How Eva, do you think I track you? How do you think I stop him from entering your mind, your nightmares? It’s what incites your bloodlust. When I drink from you, you become entirely Mine.”
“The lab it’s what you do to me while I’m sedated.”
“Yes, I couldn’t have you remember what I was. You can say it’s something I do for the both of us. I’m addicted to you now... always have been, but after the blood sharing it’s worse.”
My hands give out as he gently lowers me licking a path over my breast, sucking my nipple, biting it as my head falls back. 
He can drink me without dying. 
He’s made his way to my neck, and I feel him hard at my entrance.
He is swimming for us, moving against me… leaving me panting, and I’m consumed with the need to bite him.
My eyes close as my hand comes up to dig in his hair pressing him against me. He’s licking, sucking, and kissing my neck, and I want him to bite me.
“No you don’t, you know if I bite you now you’ll die. You’ve suffered from too much blood loss.” He whispers against my skin.
“Reading my mind again, Darius? …Then, let me bite you and we’ll both have what we want.”
“I have what I want right now,” He says moving his head away from my hands, and staring at me as I stare at his swollen lips.
I laugh hard… letting it shake through me. “No you don’t because what you have isn’t me... it’s not even an ounce of what I can be, how I can make you feel. I can give just as hard as I can take, yet you rather have this… really?”
His eyes darken, their glow darkening as he pushes me against the wall, and his shaft grinds against my sensitive nub, “Go ahead Eva… have your laugh we’ll see whose laughing in the end. You owe me passion, desire, need, and ultimately your unreserved love for all the years you’ve denied me. I don’t want to hurt you, but you’re making it damn hard. So, yes I’ll take this… like this,” he said thrusting, sliding against me, “…it’s a fucking start Angel, and with the way you’ve deprived me I’ll take anything you give.”
He moves gyrating, twisting, and thrusting fiercely against my pulsing skin, but never penetrating me. Just torturing as I hold on to him… wanting him- feeling tidal waves climbing within me as I’m panting. I can’t take him like this, he is destroying my resistance. He feels so hot, good against yearning skin. I growl, wanting to take control, but too weak to do anything but absorb. 
“Eva, look at me! Look at me with those black eyes. Let me see how completely lost you are for me.” He yells grinding against me.
I do, I look into his eyes, completely lost to sensation- moaning into his lips as his tongue copies his body… thrusting, stroking- controlling me. His lips move to my cheek sucking my chin.
“Can you deny me now, lost as you are? Do you wish to deny me still?” He says through gritted teeth near my ear.
“No,” I whisper as he slips over my skin. He’s holding my hips against the wall, and I’m unable to match his thrust… wanting so bad to sink onto him.
“Tell me what you want Eva. Fuck baby… tell me!” He groans breathlessly as one of his hands gropes my breast pinching and rubbing my nipple.
He’s blowing my mind, so I’ll tell him anything he wants to hear, “I want you inside, to feel you deep within me.”
“Are you afraid? Is it fear or desire you feel for me?”
“I’m not afraid, I want you… please baby.”
“Yes, baby… I’ll give you what you need, every fucking time. I will fill you so completely, your body… your soul.”
I smile breathlessly as he grabs himself and positions his shaft at my entrance.
“You’re so damn tight baby, too damn good. It can’t be this good.” He tells me through gritted teeth.
He’s spreading me slowly... within me, when he hits my barrier, and I’m sweating cold panting in the water because he is too big… painfully big.
I feel his hesitation take a tight hold of him, “No, please… you can’t do this… finish me! Baby please.” I beg because he’s already withdrawing, and I can’t let him. I feel my body squeezing him, wanting him so much.
I’m so freaking desperate for him, it is more painful not to have him, so I bite his neck, and I push myself a fraction on him because it’s all I can take. He has so much to give that a little feels like everything, I think while moaning and sucking him.
“Fuck Eva… STOP! Not like this baby… not your first time.” Suddenly he’s gone, and I realize I’ve never felt pain like this… a burning in my soul… unfulfilled, lost, I need him. After everything he’s done, I need him.
I’m trembling against the rock wall, when I search for him and find him crouching on the ground. I start making my way towards him feeling empty from the unfulfilled hunger. I swim fast knowing I’m strong from his blood and not wanting the moment, or his need for me to pass. I climb out, and I can tell he hears me because he straightens his back his muscles tight with anticipation. As I near, I realize he’s making himself come. 
“Don’t come near me… Eva. I want to take you hard now… I want to savagely conquer you, and I can’t, so don’t come near me.” He roars his warning.
That makes me stop. 
“To know no other- he has not had you, felt what I just felt. It undid me. I’m turning, and I don’t want to hurt you,” he hisses. He’s hurting himself bringing himself release through pain. He throws his head back, and I’m watching him need me, but denying himself- what he’s begged for all along. 
“I’m right here baby, it’s okay. I’m not scared of you.”
“Eva, I need you to bite me, so I can come baby, please.”
Instantly I am kneeling behind him. My mouth opens on the hot skin of the great expanse that is his muscled back, biting down on his wet skin, hard. He thrusts into his hand one last time as he comes yelling, “Eva, yes… fuck, drain me baby,” he groans “… because this won’t be enough.”
I’m only too happy to acquiesce... finding release as I rub my breasts against his back, my hands covering his hard muscular body- feeling him everywhere. I scream my orgasm and he joins me, coming a second time. I hold him against me until I ride it out- the long hard currents passing through me, smelling the musky scent of his desire for me while having his blood in my mouth traveling through me.
I close my hand around him, and he’s still so hard and wet, still coming on my hand. His head falls back on my shoulder as his hand releases his shaft, his eyes close, and I hear him in my head.
I found you baby, I’ve dug you out and brought you back where you belong.
I don’t want to keep drinking him in knowing his heart will soon stop, but it’s what he wanted, so I do it. When I finish, I’m drunk on his blood- him, and he’s lying on his side. I get up making my way to the chests. I find soap and two towels and another pair of tight jeans with a v neck pink shirt. I grab the items, walk to the pool, throw them on the ground with the exception of the soap and a small towel, and jump in.
I wash myself, my hair, feeling more alive than I’ve ever felt before. I listen for any sounds coming from him but there’s nothing. I think of everything he’s done for me, to me… what he will continue to do. I know I love him that I’ll always love him, but I also know I can’t live in this cave forever. It is a painful thought. He’s deluded himself into thinking it will be enough for the both of us and perhaps it will be for some time. But I wonder for how long this will last before we’re back at each other’s throats?
He knows who my father is, yet he won’t tell me. He keeps everything hidden. I can’t stay here.
It leaves me broken hearted all over again. I get out grabbing the towel and pushing it underneath the water- rinsing it. I walk over to where he’s lying still as death, and I begin to clean his body. I know I can give him my blood and speed up the recovery process, but decide against it because I’ve decided to test the barrier up above the waterfall. I no longer wish to reach Eros, I just want my own answers.
While I’m cleaning the blood and his wounds, I see he clawed into his thigh reaching his femur trying to weaken himself to keep from hurting me. 
His body will take longer to mend itself after all the damage it needs to repair. 
I go back to the pool to rinse the towel and wash his striking body again. When I’m done, I kiss him on the lips and whisper against them, “I love you… baby. I love you even though you’ll keep me here forever never telling me who I really am… I turned out to be right in the end- you are my kidnapper.”
His eyes shift underneath his lids.
Shit... I have to hurry. 
 
Chapter 21: I'm Willing to Take the Blame...Just Stay

 

I don’t have any sense of time because I’m moving so fast, covering so much ground- checking the barriers of all the exists I find. I feel him searching for me, and I know he will soon find me. I hear him getting closer, and sense he’s furious with me because he knows what I’ve been doing the entire time he was dead.
I’m at an above ground tunnel. The first one I find of its kind. I found it by climbing into an alcove similar to the one we slept in, with the exception that this one kept going- rising until I reached above ground. I’ve been looking at the nearby trees and the moon, pushing at the invisible barrier, hoping to shatter its resistance. I feel him nearing, so I prepare myself, turning… waiting for him.
“You just don’t know when to quit, do you?” He says it sounding more like a warning than a question. 
“Did you really think I could let you keep me here?” I throw back at him.
“I thought you would be smart enough to realize I’m not the enemy. To realize how in danger you are, that my only intention has been to love you and keep you safe.”
“Where’s Kimmy, is she dead too?” I ask because I think part of my need to escape this cave is because I need to know she’s alright. I also know he just told me he loved me, and if I allowed myself to think of it too much I would fall apart- something I couldn’t afford to do.
“She’s alive.” He doesn't elaborate, angering me. I give him a scathing glance using the anger to strengthen me while I cross my arms.
“I had someone I could trust do surveillance while you two were on your outings together.” He concedes.
“You knew,” I exclaim. “Of course, you knew what I planned all along. Is this why you stayed away some nights… to give me the opportunity…”
Walking towards me he cuts me off, “I used you as bait. I knew the only way to get Eros and kill him was if I allowed you some freedom. I told Kamila to be very alert, to let you make your plans, but to watch you closely. What she didn’t know was I had someone watching both of you because Kamila became too involved. I anticipated she would try to aid you.”
“You haven’t harmed her?” I demand thinking of her betrayal because she knew of Eros- knew Darius was using me.
“No.”
“Let the barriers down, I want to see her.”
“No.”
“I don’t want to keep fighting you. You have Eros. Why keep me here?”
“Because I can’t kill him, without killing you. Because he knows something he is not telling me, but keeps taunting me with. I need to know what it is.”
“What makes you think I would know?” I ask him, walking up to him. Letting him know I’m no longer fearful of him.
“I found you, bled dry… I heard your scream. What did he do to you?”
“Didn’t you see when you forced yourself in my head, right before you killed me?”
His hand shot out as he grabbed me by my neck- his talons extending. “I’m trying to be civil, but you’re making it extremely difficult. We are running out of time, I can feel it.”
My hand caresses his bare chest. I think I can distract him like this. “I like being difficult.”
“Why… did he teach you to enjoy the pain?”
“I hate you,” I say as I try to knee him in the groin, but he effectively brings his knee up to deflect my strike, lifting me against the wall and placing his thigh between my legs- rubbing me.
“You hate me so much, you whispered you loved me when you thought I couldn’t hear your confession?” He smiles mocking me.
“Bastard.” He heard me.
“You never told Eros you loved him, in fact, you denied your love for him… surprised I know.”
I gasp as my eyes widen because he’s right, I’ve only whispered it to him- Darius. The love I felt for Eros as a child turned into hate throughout the years, didn’t get to develop into the love a woman feels. 
Feeling the blood running down my neck, I ask, “Is that why you drain me, to keep me weak? So that he’s weak too?”
He nears me kissing the blood on my neck, “He is strongest at night, so I made sure to stay with you. It is why I fed from you every night. I’ve seen so much. I always knew you loved me. But what you showed me a few nights ago, your torture- I’d never been able to see before. Never before did I understand his hold over you.”
“Why the lies then? Why pretend at the lab… have me think I was dying? Don’t you think it unnecessarily cruel?”
“Nothing is cruel if it will keep you alive, unharmed, and safe. You didn’t want to know the truth. When you found me, and tried to kill me- you begged me to make you forget. You said he found a way to compel you to kill me… that you were somehow under his enchantment. When I answered I wouldn’t erase your memory because I’d erase us with it, you tried to kill yourself before my eyes.” His voice was hoarse vibrating against my tender skin, fangs pierced my flesh feverishly drinking from me. 
Can you imagine our kind of love, Eva? The lengths we go to for one another? The sacrifices we make?
I moaned in ecstasy always wanting him because I could imagine it. I felt it now all through me.
“I have to make you weak baby, it is why I have to keep hurting you… because I have to see what he did to you. Why he tells me to enjoy my short time with you because he will definitely enjoy making you forget me. He says this time he will have all eternity. This is why I nearly killed him, forgetting what you had just moments earlier shown me- that I could not kill him without killing you.” 
“I found you baby, where he left you; weak but still alive. I smelled your combined desire for one another, and I let my instinct over take me- killed you knowing it was the only way to weaken him and trap him. In those moments, I saw how he found you because your minds were linked from your blood sharing. He found you through Jeffery.”
I’d been docile, letting him do as he wished because I knew for now it was the only way, but hearing that name… it made me begin to struggle against him.
“No, wait… I need to know more. Tell me what really happened to Jeffery… please!”
“I will baby, but first I want you to have some of my blood. Will you drink from me Eva, while I drink from you?”
He releases my neck, holding me up by my waist, and I wrap my legs around him. Were both dressed, but I still feel his heat through his military pants. He turns us and now he’s the one against the rock wall with his eyes going bright searching mine.
I wonder about his hold on me, how this one simple request can make me do anything he wishes. I want to be stronger against him. Deep down inside I know he still has the power to control me. All I ever do with him is react.
“Why?” I ask timidly.
He laughs, “You’ve done it before, when you can’t control yourself during the nightmares. We drank simultaneously from one another. You enjoyed it, immensely. Don’t you remember?”
I don’t answer… I can’t- he has me trapped with his words. He raises me on his body, and I feel every inch of him. He leaves me wanting him as my hands travel all over him. I bring my hands underneath his pants and feel his erection. He’s so full, too big, and hard for me, and it drives me wild with need. I start stroking him as he grunts shutting his eyes, leaving us in darkness.
Stroking, I lower my lips on his body, and whisper against his flesh, “Everything has a price baby.”
I pierce his taut skin, and take him into me- savoring his uniquely addictive taste. His taste is smooth, powerful, debilitating, and intoxicating- like a good and very expensive whiskey. I taste myself in his blood realizing the appeal and addiction of my own blood, it’s filled with innocence, it’s pure, refined, and extremely potent. It feels like a healing benediction to a deserted man… it renews, restores life for those who can taste it. He knows he’s one of the few who will ever taste its quality and survive. Making him want it all the more because he knows others will feel only a moment of this… and then they would all too willingly take the strongest poison to exist.
“Yes Eva,” he exhales falling to his knees, holding me tightly against him. He’s lost, weak, and I take the opportunity to seize his mind. 
“Jeffery, show me Jeffery!”
I enter his mind… I’m following Jeffery knowing he will lead me to her. I could easily have found her, but I want to see them together… see what she’s become. Maybe this will be the beginning of the end for us.
I hear them inside the cabin. She tells him she can’t do it, that it was all a mistake. She says she will try to make it back before I realize she’s missing. I laugh… because she realizes she needs me, knows she can’t leave me. 
But something’s wrong.
 She thinks she is using him, but she’s been mistaken. She’s miscalculated. I hear his thoughts, he’s not willing to wait another second… he wants what is mine. And he thinks to take it, now.
I hear them struggling. She’s yelling for him to stop when I’m breaking through the front door making my way to them. I’m inside watching them. He doesn’t understand how she’s so strong, how she fights him the way she does. She’s terrified because his eyes have gone black… she knows, she remembers similar black eyes. Her struggle intensifies. She back hands him splitting his lip. I have to act fast before she drinks this fucking idiot to death.
She will hate herself for it, I can’t allow it.
She’s fighting the urge to drink him even though he doesn’t realize how lucky he is to still be alive. He’s thrown her on my bed, and just as I’m about to claw through his spinal cord and into his intestines… he grabs his knife and stabs her. She screams in pain, shock reflected in her beautiful eyes… as I throw him from her. A hunting blade is protruding from her stomach, as blood flows staining the sheets.
“Eva, it’s fine baby… I’m here, I’ve got you. I won’t let anything happen to you,” I whisper kissing her lips. Tears slide down her eyes as she smiles at me. I bring my hand up to my lips and rupture my wrist uncaring if she sees what I am. 
She vanishes.
My world has turned crimson; I want to bathe everything in Jeffery’s blood because she’s taken from me again. Bellowing… hopelessly as I shred the cabin apart leaving the laughing fool unharmed. I leave him for when my mind has cleared. I need to find her, and he’s the only way.
I turn to him and he says, Eros has her- describing everything they’re doing… together. I can’t help myself, I claw through his side when his eyes revert back to their natural color, and I see how Eros reached him. Through his dreams… the fucking monster attacks them in their dreams.
Jeffery pathetically tries to push me off him… it’s too late for him. I hate him… I see how he misled her, making promises. He promised to show her the world- not like me, “He’s kept you in a cage,” he admonishes, “…all you do is suffer.” He tells her there’s so much beauty to be lived, and she’s only too happy to listen.
In the still of the night, I see how Eros entered his mind and attacked Jeffery’s desire for Eva. He feeds into it by showing him erotic images of Eva with Jeffery. Then when Jeffery is so close to his climax, he tells him in Jeffery’s own voice what he needs to do to have her like that.
It makes me sick to watch the images Eros has fed Jeffery. I dig into him deeper until I find what I’m looking for. It’s the spell he’s chanted onto the knife. The markings on it enable him to overlap dimensions bringing them together momentarily, so that anything the knife digs into is a part of his dimension. He took her in those moments.
I take out my knife very similar to Jeffery’s and carve the same markings mixed with my blood, and I realize I need Eva’s blood.
I drag Jeffery to the bed and suck her blood from the blood stained comforter to mix it in with mine on the characters carved into the knife. I chant the same spell over and over. There’s a thickening around the air surrounding Jeffery’s dying form and I. The walls open and bubble as Eros and Eva take shape inside.
I see them. He has her trapped, strapped over a wooden sorcerer’s table with herbs, powders, and spices all around. She’s screaming because he’s stripped her, left her only in her lace bra and underwear, and I see bites covering all of her body with blood seeping through the white lace. She sees me and is horrified I’m here seeing this debauchery. Eros is too consumed with her blood, and what he is trying to do to her to realize I’m there.
I remove the knife from her and impale Eros with it. With so much regret for what I am about to do and the pain it will cause, I quickly place my knife into her as we’re sucked into the cabin. We are on the bed when I quickly remove the knife, and feed her only a drop of my blood. It will be enough to keep her alive and Eros weakened on the other side. I’m crouched above her with my own tears soaking her skin. I hate not giving her more and letting her suffer, but I know it’s the only way to keep her here, safe.
She is barely alive as I carry her to bathe her. I want to treasure her body, clean it of the sickening bites. I let the water run a few moments, letting the oversized tub fill with warm water. I lay her in it taking the spray nozzle and gently begin to rub off the blood from her body. Then I see it, the mark he branded her with. It’s a half moon right underneath her hip bone. He’s put a tracking spell on her that will unite them at night, when she sleeps. She will cross planes every night and be with him… unless I find a way to keep her here.
I yell from the agony of knowing she will be with him every night… it drives me insane. I need to find a witch. I will take her home, and I won’t come back until I find one. I can only think of one way of keeping her from him, and I do not have it in me to do it every night. 
I start to undress, dreading what I must do. I enter the tub, lift her against me as she falls numbly over me. She’s going to be my undoing… she will be the end of me. 
I have signed my own death warrant the day I left the castle and went out in search for her. Because I know if the day comes that something should happen to her… I would not survive it.
I’m smoothing her hair, readying myself to rinse every part of her body. I take my time looking her over; even though, I know it’s forbidden. She would hate me if she knew I touched her like this because I've made her forget how much she yearns for me.
 I know she hasn’t completely forgotten how much I once meant to her. I see it in the way she looks at me. I see longing in her eyes. I know I have to taste her again. Pretend she is mine, even if it is for a moment. 
I lift her long luscious hair and bite into the tender skin on her shoulder… she shudders, moans her desire for me, and her nipples tighten. I know she recognizes it's me, even if she is dying. I drink her dry as I come between her inner thighs. She dies after she too has had a very long and powerful climax. 
I want to treasure you baby, not kill you every night to keep you from him. “I will find another way, I promise you,” I tell her broken hearted because I know she cannot hear me.
___________________
I let go of my hold on Darius’s neck, readying myself to walk away and absorb the knowledge I’ve just taken from him. I’ve blamed him for Jeffery, blamed myself- hated the both of us… when it was Eros all along.
I realize I have to set the three of us free. I need to find a way to escape them both.
I’ve taken three steps away from him, when I feel him behind me and within seconds I realize we’re back in the alcove.
He’s pushed me inside blocking the exit again.
“I’m not letting you run.” He yells at me.
I don’t turn around to face him. “How many more times are you going to keep pushing me around?”
“As many times as you keep using sex, your blood… the heady combination of the two to get in my head.”
“Don’t like it do you? Well it’s a little trick I picked up from you.” I said- my voice sounding rough, patronizing him.
“Look at me, Eva… you didn’t need to see what he did to you. You know that I’m right.”
“So you rather let me believe you killed him out of jealousy and spite, you let me believe you capable of that?”
“Do you feel better now, knowing he’s dead because he tried to kill you, rape you? Damn it, face me!”
I turned as tears fell down my face, and asked him, “Do I look any better to you? Don’t you see everything’s my fault? And it will never end, until he has me. I now know how he’s leaving this place… how we’re leaving together.”
His fangs and talons elongated making him look capable of slicing my legs from me, just as long as I couldn’t run away from him. He was intent on killing me as many times as it took. “You’re such an unreasonable ass sometimes, how you think you can control everything!” 
“You’re not leaving me! You’re not offering yourself to that parasite because of your fear. Irrationally thinking to protect me, again. Don’t you see, it’s what he wants you to think? He uses your fear as entrapment.”
“Oh, believe me the last thing I will want to do is go, but make no mistake, go I will.”
He lunges for me, grabs my hair and twines it against his hand- over and over again until he’s reached my neck and pulls. “Is it pain that you want Eva? Is it a hard, savage fuck you’re begging me for? Is it what you need now after all the torture, Angel?”
I bite his neck because he’s completely lost it. I’ve completely broken this man. He’s brutal, letting go to whatever rages inside of him, and this I do fear. I drink him to save myself as he moans and cries… and… lets me. 
He doesn’t fight me as I drink. Right before I can drink him to death, he pushes me away- finding myself sprawled against the dirt floor. Dazed looking to where we last stood together I search for him, but don’t find him. I don’t have the strength to sit up because his blood is warming me, driving me to orgasm. My hand travels underneath my jeans as I search for the spot he so meticulously touched. I find it, close my eyes, and touch myself like he did before.
 I know he watches me. I feel the heat of his eyes on me and hear him stripping out of his pants right before he nears me.
“Fuck baby, you want me this bad,” he asserts hoarsely. He quickly pulls and rips my jeans cleanly off me. I scream unable to contain my desire for him. 
“Yes baby, show me Eva! I love when you show me just how much you want me.”
I want him so bad, his voice telling me just how good I smell, taste… just as he devours my breasts- going from one to the other. He’s breathing me in and sucking me so good while his hand covers mine, replaces it, bringing me to swift orgasm. He quickly picks me up by my hips and turns me. I’m crouching on the ground feeling my orgasm move through me.  Lowering my upper body and lifting, pushing my butt in the air as I feel him throbbing at my entrance… “Please,” I beg him, “please don’t deny us,” I groan.
He opens me to him, pushing my cheeks apart… “You’re so fucking beautiful in your need for me, Eva.” He exhales right before I feel him licking me, entering me with his tongue. I pulse as I try to crawl away, but his claws dig into me, and I can’t move. He’s licking me fiercely, starved… and I can’t help but scream against my forearm, biting myself. My whole body shivers as I start to move against his mouth wanting him deeper. He nuzzles against me, groaning loudly as it vibrates through me. I scream over and over into my arm, reaching my climax. Needing to climax with him, I quickly turn as his claws retract and he stretches elongating his body. His lips are flushed covered with my fluid, and I think I’ve never seen a sexier sight. 
“Lean back on your hands,” I hoarsely demand.
He does as I say, and I lower my lips on his shaft. I run my tongue smoothly down his length as he grips my hair, groaning feverishly. I continue to run it all over his length then right back up his head, licking at the drops, and savoring when he throws his head back and says, “Eva… please don’t ever leave me baby.”
I look up at him knowing what Eros has done, and I know I don’t have much time with him. It shatters me to hear him beg. I know he’s using this out of a last resort because I know I’ll be the first and last person to ever hear this man beg. “Shh… baby,” I say easing his pain, “I’ll come back to you, I promise… I always do.”
 
 
A preview from Savage Awakening (Book 2) in the Blood Thirst Series.
*Includes first four chapters.
Introduction: Breaking Free From Fear



I’ve run away from this moment so many times, yet now watching Darius surrender to me… in  this moment there is nothing I want more than to be his. He’s told me not to leave him… but very soon there will be no stopping me. Not my love for him, or even the enchantment he has placed on this cave to keep me trapped here. 
He’s lied about everything, and all I can think is- I don’t care… I just want to give myself to him. He’s magnificent, and he wants me. I’m not sure what he is because like everything else, he’s kept it from me.
None of it matters. Nothing does but the two of us.
He encircles my waist within his arm and reaches out for me, burying his other hand in my hair, “Come to me baby, give me all the reason I’ll ever need in this fucked up world,” fangs extending about to pierce my neck when it happens.
I feel the heavy weight of the cold metal sink against my neck as his lips are about to claim me when the collar and beast appear within the alcove. 
My heart stutters, I temporary lose my mind, and my attention quickly shifts to find Eros.
He doesn’t have Eros’s appearance, looking more beast than anything else. His silver eyes find me first, see me naked from my waist down, and focus on the blood stains running from the two puncture wounds on my neck. I see severe pain reflect in his eyes… I don’t hide myself from him because I can’t try to pretend the love I feel for Darius is not real. 
“No… I’m not going… I love him.” I hold on to Darius with everything I have, unashamed for admitting so much. I hope, knowing in my soul it is in vain, this is reason enough for him to leave us.
I now find Darius’s body is all over mine, his skin blankets… engulfing mine. I’m on the ground completely immobile and covered. There is no place I can possibly go with all his massive weight on me and his rigid forearm held tight against my throat… keeping me down, growling his warning for me not to move.
His face is turned from me… with all his fury directed at Eros.
My arms rise from underneath him, and I try tearing off the collar responsible for keeping Eros here because I don’t want him seeing me like this, the moment is reserved for Darius and I alone- Eros has no right being here. I feel the biting chill of the metal collar digging into my skin, while I’m trying to tear it off, making me bleed as I watch Eros watching me in my desperation. 
I’m surprised to see no hate in his eyes. I don’t understand how Darius says this beast could be Eros… because the Eros I know and fear would have tried to kill us both by now.
He must read the surprise in my eyes because he explains, “You are young in your infinite years and a newly turned breed. You… love the blood and would lust after anyone strong enough to give it without end. It is the power within the blood you love, Emma.” Eros says pointing at Darius with the promise of death in his eyes.
“He uses your greatest weakness, your hunger, to trap you.” Eros hisses.
My hands let go of the collar.
 Darius straightens his body, kneeling over me first, but quickly taking a fighting stance a couple of feet closer to Eros. He challenges him… waiting for Eros to make the first move.
I stand, not sure if I should be fighting by Darius’s side, or seeking to find my way out.
“Eva, go now! He wishes to confuse you… to turn your love for me into hate. He knows this is his only chance to win your love.” Darius hisses over his shoulder stepping back, pushing his body against mine to keep me as far away from Eros as possible. 
“I never knew you to be a coward, Darius. Tell her why you have kept her hidden.” He looks to me behind Darius, “He is too aware of your thirst for me, has kept controlling you by leaving you no choice for whose blood you truly desire… Mine!”
I think this happens too often- this is Eros behavior, always finding Darius and I when we are weak with desire for each other. Suddenly, I’m against the rock wall, and Darius is before me covering me with his naked body while facing Eros –then he lunges for him. Eros is unprepared for the onslaught, momentarily taken down. 
They wrestle on the ground while I beg them to stop. I can’t look at either one of them because there is so much blood and it’s causing a fevered hunger within me, I have to get them to stop… I can’t control the pangs of hunger for long.
Darius looks to me with doubt filled eyes, claws Eros’s chest making me feel unbearable pain, “No, please don’t,” I scream panicked as he separates himself from Eros and draws closer to me. 
“It’s okay stay with me, look at me, and think of our love… don’t let the hunger control you.” We are staring at one another, the pain momentarily stuns me making me forget about my hunger long enough for him to reach me. I’m staring at their mixed blood on his skin… and think, just a taste- what would it feel… to have them both in my mouth. Darius is furious, and Eros smiles, “She can’t help what she is.”
I try to tune out their scents and hamper down my rising panic from the fear of losing control. I nod letting him know I’m better although I’m barely hanging on.
Eros is watching, studying us… he is so focused on getting to me, all he cares about is what he knows we’ve been doing in this cave, what he’s stopped us from doing. I see it in the intensity of his stare. He knows Darius hasn’t taken me yet, and he wishes to stop it from ever happening. 
His eyes search mine, scrutinizing everything about me, my reactions- what he’s interrupted. I’m immobile, like he has some power over me, while he examines my mind and sees everything that’s happened since he left me lying on the ground with barely a breath left in my body. He takes comfort in the knowledge that I’ve tried to escape Darius going to extreme lengths, even killing him, but he can’t believe I have broken my promises to him.
 I see the pain evident in his features, and I realize this time he’s different. There’s a selfless kind of love… it confuses me, shocks me still- holding in my breath, turning my world… me inside out. He is a completely different person. I don’t want either of their pain. And more importantly, I will never move beyond the pain he’s caused me to feel.
“Please stop! Please don’t.” I scream.
My mind reacts involuntarily and reaches to Eros because deep within I know there is no reasoning with Darius when Eros is so close. I could have loved you, been happy loving you if you’d somehow been like this, but you hurt me from the very beginning- too deeply. He catches it before I can suppress the thought. His eyes flash with longing and purpose, so I quickly add, “You’d be wise to let us go, it’s too late- I love him.”
He shakes his head disapprovingly, and returns his hate filled stare to Darius who is an impenetrable wall in front of me.
I find myself in Eros’s mind again, and feel how he’s waited for the spell to work… waiting for us to be reunited. He wants to take me from here, but not by force. He felt this time everything would be different… believed in the promises I whispered to him while we were surrounded by night, under the stars, wanting each other.
He felt I would now crave him… and no amount of seduction from Darius would change the undeniable hunger I’d felt for him in the few moments we collided.
A momentary lapse of judgment, we collided, but I’ve moved on, so should you. I will always love him.

 
Chapter 1: Running Away From the Pain that is You


He makes it clear, wants me to know, he will keep Darius away from me, so I may escape. He wishes to give me time to decide what I want. I think he is somehow deceiving me because he’s never offered anything without taking blood, pain, and tears as payment. Am I now to think it is just so Darius doesn’t have me? This would never have been enough before, what’s made him change so drastically?
 In his mind, I see he recognizes Darius has a hold on me which I may never free myself from, he sees that now. He reads my last thought before Darius sends him flying to the darkened end of the alcove, away from me. Darius is yelling at him to stop invading my thoughts, I suppose he knows Eros is in my head because I’m moving away with my hands over my head. Struggling against him in my head causes me pain because his hold is strong making me see white flashes as he strikes images from my mind.
Eros doesn’t let go, isn’t done going through those images wanting to see it all. He wishes to see until I’m too far away and no longer can. Why? Why does he wish to inflict upon himself this unnecessary punishment? Is he finally willing to let me go?
Darius turns to me with piercing eyes and yells, “Go, NOW!”
I’m so connected to him I understand his fear. He’s afraid Eros will use me against him, manipulate me with his mind control leaving him no choice but to fight us both. He can’t fight me now after all we’ve just shared… I feel his vulnerability. 
He fears I’ll choose this changed Eros. He knows I recently did just that.
I run from them both knowing this is the only real opportunity, I have been aching for… freedom. I know Eros will not kill Darius because he has offered me an escape and the only way for him to achieve it is by engaging in battle for as long as Darius is still standing. I also know that no matter how much Eros taunts Darius, Darius will not kill him.
I hear them fighting knowing Darius isn’t causing permanent damage because he believes me to be running from fear, and with Eros so close he’d rather have me running away- putting all the distance between us. I have made a pact with Eros, and I know Eros will keep his end. My last thought to him before Darius attacked him was, keep him from coming after me… stay conscious because he will want to knock you out to follow me. He’s changed, stronger. Keep him here for as long as you can… I promise I will find a way to free us all. 
What he doesn’t know is I too have lied because although I may find a way to free him and in turn free myself from him, there are some things I’m just not strong enough to do. I cannot run forever from Darius. 
I know he’s let me leave because he thought that if he succeeded in keeping Darius away from me, he would finally have the opportunity to kill him. It is what my mind keeps telling me because I don’t believe Eros is capable of such an extreme change of heart. If I am correct, Eros is in for a surprise because Darius will not die. He’d seen as much in my mind, but I guess Eros must think he knows something I don’t. I just have to find a way out of here before either one of them finds me.
I’m hoping by the time Eros finds me, I have found the witch to undo our bond. Set us both free.
I’m soaking wet feeling an undeniable thirst for both their blood as I reach the chest with my clothes. I fretfully strip out of the wet tank top I had on under my pink V-neck and slip on a new pair of jeans with a black V-neck shirt, fighting the irresistible urge to return to them both. I feel Eros drinking Darius, tasting my blood mixed in Darius’s blood, and I feel his struggles intensify. His need for me is vicious, taking on new heights- consuming him.
Time is up, get out now, my mind yells before all my good motives crumble like the dead.
I run to the alcove that leads into the tunnel with the above ground exit on the other side. I suspect the collar I’m wearing will let me exit the cave because Eros was able to trace here, and he was planning on tracing us out of here. 
Within seconds, I’m standing on cool dewy grass looking up at the new moon… complete darkness, not even a sliver shining above, and I know the spell was created to work with the new moon. 
Meaning it had been two weeks since Eros found me. It is so strange because it had only felt like days to me. I’ve lost so much time.
Running now, trying to put all the distance I can between myself and them… feeling as if I was being chased by demons themselves. I run knowing that not even submerging myself in water tonight would save me from Eros while wearing this collar, and Darius would find me anywhere because he has consumed my blood. I hoped that if Eros drank enough from him I might have a chance. I hadn’t tried my new found strength against Eros, and it would be against him I would want to fight.
I hated everything Eros and I represented- deceit, manipulation. It was his fault my life had turned out this way, and if I couldn’t make myself end him, I could beat him until he no longer had any strength left to follow me with. The worst of it was, this last time… when I didn’t know it was him, I’d let my guard down, and I felt something- much stronger than desire for him. 
A connection beyond our mortal bodies. He made you believe this once before, remember his power over you.
I had to find the strength to do the things required of me. Consumed by my thoughts and moving at the incredible speed I was going I didn’t see how the air in front of me shifted, became dense, and expanded. By the time I noticed this change in the air, and saw it glowing green with a white center, I couldn’t stop myself from going through. I was instantly consumed by the light when unexpectedly… there was no gravity, just a feeling of utter weightlessness with no ground beneath my feet. Turning uncontrollably… gradually at first, but increasingly rapid with each passing moment- I feared I would soon pass out.
 I was out of air- suffocating, turning so fast, I could do nothing to stop the momentum. 
Without warning and to my absolute horror, I dropped. I was falling at lightning speed through air and found myself dizzily searching for what to do. I kept grasping at the wind… holding on to nothing while staring at a violet, diamond void. I’ve died before, but never have I seen this. I shut my eyes, turned my face, and then, thought better of it, forcing them wide open- I saw a black shimmering mass underneath me. No, I was falling… on ground- it was a violet sky above me- My God, would I recover from this?
I screamed covering my face because I anticipated the ground at any moment. 
My scream was cut short when a worse terror literally seized me, I was jerked in mid-air when… great giant talons enclosed around my waist without cutting deep into my skin. I looked up at gray- leathery skin as I frantically fought trying to open free from whatever it was that held me. Quickly realizing whatever had me, had saved me… I tried to hold on because it was becoming increasingly difficult to maintain my struggle. 
My body was being pushed back by the force of the air hitting me with the speed created by the immensely large expanse of wings flapping over us. Trying to hold my body up exhausted me, and I soon fell back my hands letting go as I dangled lifeless, terrified I would fall over the ever-changing landscapes. 
Thankfully, as my struggles quit, it decided to descend to a comfortable height, and as the minutes turned into hours I began a new struggle… fighting off sleep. 
In the end I lost- feeling exhaustion claim my body. Soon, I couldn’t help the dreams from taking shape in my mind. I dreamed I was flying, but it was all my own doing. I was finally free… and flying in this purple night. I felt free like a child except now I wasn’t a child, but a powerful woman, in my own right, who didn’t need to dream about being a beautiful bird because I was entirely something else. Something greater.
This is what you wanted, my mind whispered. To return to your origin. You are home.




Chapter 2: I Came for You in The Midnight Hours



I slept while the nightmares paralyzed my soul. I slept restlessly, awakened, and slowly dozed off after realizing the torture I had lived was in the past. Eros was in the past, for now I was safe- from him, from myself. 
I was on the ground, but Darius held me tightly against him, so I let the cool breeze lull me into a dreamless sleep while all my troubles vanished with the howling wind. In my sleep, I realized it wasn’t just the wind that made the noise. A wolf.
 I distinguished a lone wolf out in the distance and found it strange because I always thought they were pack animals. I found it odd that such a sound should bring me comfort instead of fear. Intrigued by the comfort of his cry, I imagined myself going off to search for it as I fell further into sleep.
Maybe the time had come for me to embrace these debilitating fears letting them fortify me instead of being the instrument of my disappointments.
I sensed when the arms I’d felt during the night suddenly released me, and the warmth I’d felt at my back left me. There was soft warm wind and smooth luxurious ground underneath me. I knew I had to get up, but my body refused to listen. I feared in these past couple of weeks I’d lost too much blood, so my body was still trying to restore itself with more sleep.
Not really knowing for how long I slept, I opened my eyes and saw… I lay on a black stretch of desert. I took some, fisting it in my hands and inspected the grains; letting it slip through my fingers on an exhaled breath. There was no one with me, so I knew Darius must have been a dream. Even in dreams he keeps me warm, shelters me.
From everything I had encountered so far, I understood I was in another dimension probably in some far away planet. I wasn’t scared because Darius’s memory was all the strength I would ever need to get back to him, or I knew he would find me- he always did. I was wishing on the small stars I held in my hands. The grains were mostly black like dirt, but the texture was that of sand with dark blue and silver sparkling star-like rocks. It looked as if I was holding diamonds and sapphires mixed in with the black desert I grasped. It was utterly beautiful with a mystifying quality.
There was a loud rumbling noise that shook me and the world around me. I froze. 
When the noise stopped, I quickly looked around, suppressed a frightened gasp, seeing I was being held caged in by the beast’s talons digging into the sand. They looked like golden sharp bars all around me. Whatever it was, it was sleeping, taking deep breaths, and making the ground tremble. I had been sleeping on my side,  so I half-turned placing all my weight on my forearms and toes as I lifted my neck looking all around me because the palms of the beast were over me.
 I need to find a gap wide enough where I could crawl out of without waking it.
One thing was clear, I still didn’t know what it meant to do to me. Maybe it was saving me as tonight’s dinner; although, I thought it was very unlikely because if that were the case then it needed about twenty of me because I was just under the size of both its palms. Its talons had extended beyond what I’d expected. I too noticed it protected me, covering me against the elements.
Too much trouble to go through if I am to be its food.
I waited for its next breath knowing that would be the best opportunity for me to try to escape; by trying to blend my struggles with the quaking ground.
When it happened, I started crawling out moving as little ground beneath me as possible, but making haste because I was starving, and I knew I needed blood to sustain me. I turned and lifted my arms through the largest gap lifting my knees while I brought the heels of my feet as close to my butt as possible and pushed myself up. I did this continuously as its long breath continued to shake the ground. I was half out when it all stopped, and I stilled. Looking up at it I lay in shock finally seeing the glorious creature for what it was.
Its skin was gray, but unlike the underneath part I had seen, the skin now revealed to me was so much more. Dark like the night yet ethereal, it was a multitude of darkened shades with barely visible grey undertones. The most prominent of the kaleidoscope of hues were the shining dark blue, deep purple, and pewter. These metallic colors covered most of its skin. Its wings were hidden from view, but I knew it- recognized it.
 I was trying to hold in my surprised breath because it was terrifyingly beautiful. It reminded me of the fascination when looking at a lion, knowing it could tear you apart, but still being captivated by its beauty just as fear grips you. I waited again catching my breath… slowly, not wanting to wake the dragon. Its eyes were closed, but by all the stories told I knew you never wanted to wake a dragon because its wrath would be unparalleled. When the next breath came, I acted fast breaking free of the manacled cage and ran quickly losing sight of it.
I thought of Darius then and knew this was what he kept from me. He was this being. He had dark claws instead of the golden ones I’d seen. He flew through the cave, trapping me in the alcove as I was about to escape. He said they learned to camouflage, the dragon that caught me- that’s what it was doing camouflaging with the desert. He kept me in a cave for God’s sake. I maximized my efforts fearing Darius had found me. 
He slept with me throughout the night, I hadn’t imagined it. 
The blazing red-sun was scorching my pale skin within the time it took me to reach a cave to hide from the dragon. 
I knew if I stayed within I would die from hunger, only to awaken weaker and hungrier, but I needed to get out of the sun. I wasn’t prone to death by it as other vampires were because I was a different kind of breed, but I did feel vulnerable because this sun’s rays were much stronger, and I knew I couldn’t continue running- I needed rest. 
I worked my way into the cave when I heard a growl and stopped still as death.
“Well, well look what the dragon dragged in,” said a man about 6’2” tall. He had slicked back, raven-black hair cut in different lengths tied in the back of his neck by a leather strap. A few locks had fallen lose, and I noticed his hair ran just past his shoulders. In the dark, I could see he was wearing black leather pants, a black soft as silk button down shirt, and I smelled him before I smelled the blood puddled around the dead woman at his feet. 
He was exquisite, and I was starved. His eyes were a sudden flash of silver edged fire with a charge-like quality traveling over my skin. I hesitated because he reminded me too much of Eros; although, he was clearly not him.
They had the same hair, same tanned skin, and were dressed the same, but their eyes, which is said to be the windows of the soul, were so utterly different. His eyes were warm, intriguing… rich whiskey brown, rimmed by a moss-green color, and covered with golden flecks- burning right into me while Eros’s were vibrant jade-green, disturbingly beautiful, but distant and calculating.
I turned my attention from him, focused on the blood… wanting it, but at the same time hating myself for wanting the blood wasting on the ground. I tried to ignore how his scent was calling to me, my eyes going from the blood and quickly returning to him. I stood confused because his scent’s calling was stronger than the bloods’ allure. 
I studied him for an instant, and now understood why I focused so much on the blood by his feet… I was trying to ignore his scent’s tormenting appeal. He hid something deadly behind his incredibly good looks.
“You’re not a vampire so what are you?” I asked as I prepared myself for the attack I knew would come.
“You mean you’ve never seen one such as me before? I find that hard to believe… a beauty like you. What… were the treasure stalking dragons keeping a jewel like you all to themselves?”
“What are you and why did you kill this woman?” I harshly asked wanting to leave his presence sooner rather than later, but knowing he was the only source of nourishment I might find for quite some time.
“I answer to no one… but you’re the exception, aren’t you… Love?” He smiled while looking me over very thoroughly, covering every bit of my body. He licked the blood that remained on his lips, breathed deeply as I watched him, his hazel eyes landing on my rising chest. 
It was obvious he was listening to the erratic pounding of my heart, it was deafening for someone with heightened senses. He knew I was trying to control my reactions while doing everything I could to stay away from them… him- it seemed I preferred my food very much alive and warm.
“You’d like some, So Sweet, wouldn’t you?” I didn’t know if he referred to the blood or me. His eyebrow rose and his smile faded. “Come closer... now. I won’t bite- I promise.”
I ignored his demand and instead asked, “Why did you kill her?”
“The witch lied to me. She said she would help me find someone and failed to do so.”
I looked at the woman realizing she was what I too searched for. I needed to find another like her. “Where did you find her?” I asked as I heard my voice thunder through the cave, and I focused deep into his eyes- seizing his soul.
His eyes opened wider and glazed over, looking lost. “East, three days from here.”
“I need to drink from you, don’t be afraid, I won’t hurt you.”
“You won’t hurt me,” he repeated. 
“Once I have finished, you will forget you ever saw me. You won’t remember what happened between us.” I explained, cautiously nearing him. 
“I won’t be afraid, and I’ll forget,” he whispered. 
I was in luck, or maybe it was solely survival kicking in because whatever trance I put him under happened to work now. His scent made my mouth water. I would satisfy myself with his blood, and then I would have the strength I needed to find the witches. I was famished, so I knew for now this was the only way.
Chapter 3: Satisfy your Thirst with My Body



He closed his eyes as his face turned showing me his neck, his thick tantalizing vein was teasing me, quickening… jumping against his skin. Within mere seconds, I was in front of him spreading apart his black silk shirt with my palms spamming his smooth tanned chest, biting down over his heart, with eyes shut, because I didn’t want him hovering over me while I drank from him. 
He groaned in ecstasy, it echoed in my mind, while I tasted and felt his reactions to me, his skin prickled with awareness at my touch while his breath hitched every time I drew his blood. He growled deep in his throat, and I reacted by pinning him hard against the cave wall.
His skin heated, began igniting his blood- making me gasp. He began losing control. Hearing him groan deeply in submission, “More, I want you to take more!” I heard him say, breathing against my temple. Eagerly listening, I drank more from him. 
So much like Eros, endless supply of blood and satisfaction. The more I have the more I want.
I said I wouldn’t hurt him, so I made sure to be as gentle as my fervor would permit… I couldn’t allow myself to lose control. I knew myself enough to know I couldn’t live with the pain of killing someone because I was too weak to stop. Yet I refused to enter his mind, for some reason I didn’t allow myself to discover what lay there. I chose not knowing anything about him.
His taste wasn’t completely foreign. Tasted of sweet nectar with exotic spice… so powerful, rich… buttery velvet on my tongue, and very fulfilling. Surprisingly, more fulfilling than anyone I’d ever tasted before, perhaps why I was able to keep my control with him. Nothing like I was with Darius and Eros. But I can’t say the same for him because I heard his growl and felt his increasing desire for me throb hard and insistent against my stomach. “Fuck, you’re so good,” he roared. An alarm went off in my head, going on high alert, I looked up, and saw him staring at me with wonder, fascination, and wild unfulfilled hunger. 
I backed away quickly… right before his hands closed in around me, and I told him, “Don’t you dare come after me because if you do I won’t hesitate to kill you. Whatever it is you think you want, it’s not worth losing your life.”
He was on the opposite side of me completely recovered, intently watching me. “What are you? You smell of dragon, yet there are no known females in their history. You smell like something else infinitely more powerful too.”
“I’m vampire.” I softly said, studying him because he was looking at me like he would soon try to eat whatever it is I was.
“No, you’re not. You are something else entirely.” He affirmed stalking sideways… coming closer to me.
“Look down and you will see I just fed from you.” I instructed walking in an opposing circle. I knew what he was doing. He was herding me away from the entrance.
“Beauty, I felt and watched how you fed from me, and I allowed it- enjoyed you enjoying me. I wouldn’t allow any of your kind to drink from me because they are my eternal enemies. I fought your compulsion just like we can fight other vampire’s compulsion after its initial grip, yet you smelled and felt different… I welcome your nearness.” 
“Your mistake and death. You do not want to get caught up in what’s coming for me.” I gave him a final warning.
“What are you?” He asked again as he stopped and looked at me- his hands opening, readying for me. He chose to completely ignore all my warnings.
“Don’t do what you’re thinking, or you will die.” He was fully fixated on me and there was a single-minded drive in his eyes that had me on instant awareness.
“You keep telling me that, yet here I remain. You are what everyone’s been searching for, aren’t you? The witch did not lie.”
“Tell me what you mean!” My voice sounded multidimensional and he automatically spoke.
“She predicted you would come falling from the heavens, and I would conquest through submission what many have tried to gain by force, but she warned me to be diligent in my journey- the Kings pursue… one is upon us, the other… soon will follow you here.” He said repeating the witches warning.
Then he lunged for me, I turned expecting to feel him grabbing me, but to my sheer shock found myself outside the cave running. I realized I must have traced as I looked into the distance searching for an escape and quickly found myself where I looked. I stopped running, momentarily searching for the sun to find the east direction hoping on this planet things such as gravitational pull worked similar to Earth.
The man is crazed, the desert heat probably did permanent damage, I thought remembering how fanatically he’d watched me.
While I ran and wondered about the stranger’s interest in me, I heard the wings flapping overhead some distance away, and I knew two beasts now followed me. I was feeling such a rush from his blood coursing through my veins, the wind in my hair, and the delicious warmth of the sun against my skin. It felt incredibly thrilling to be running wild and free, and with everything to give, no holding back. There was so much beautiful freedom in strength and power, and I was running high on a tank full of fuel.
I heard the sound of running water hundreds of miles from here, so my response was to run to it, to seek the safety I sought from both beasts. I needed to hide within the water because they would lose my scent there. 
Unfortunately, I never reached it because too soon I heard the snapping talons over me, and realized… I would momentarily be caught. I feigned right, and the dragon landed a few feet from me opening its jaw in a ground trembling growl, showing its sharp teeth. 
I fell back as I tried to trace backwards when the man unexpectedly came up behind me grabbing and lifting me by the waist as he threw me over his shoulder.
“Let me go you fool, I‘m faster than you.” I said struggling against him, but he had a firm grip on me and wouldn’t loosen his hold.
“No, if I let you go my clan will soon scent you and kill you, or each other to capture you because I gave you directions to them. They have the witches. We trapped the four witches we found at that camp, and now three are our prisoners. And my clan is divided about what to do with you because the witches predicted your arrival.”
I thought about his words, what they meant and studied the dragon, “The dragon is not following us, he’s letting you get away.”
“Because we are in Lycan territory, if he follows a war between us will ensue and we’ve been at peace decades now.”
So Lycans were real too, now everything ceased to surprise me, and I just took it all at face value. I watched the dragon as he saw me looking at him, and I realized it couldn’t be Darius because he wouldn’t care about any pact or decree. Dragon green eyes watched as I was carried away, but did nothing to follow. And I in turn did nothing as well because I needed the Lycan to take me to the witches… let him think he had me where he wanted.
We traveled through the black desert with the sun’s unforgiving rays over my back, unrelenting heat making us soak through our clothes for what felt like hours when I became impatient because the Lycan’s strength did not diminish. When I realized my plan had not worked because he was not struggling or weak with the efforts of carrying me through this god forsaken land, I sprang away from the fool growing tired of being carried.
He leapt, turning, and easily blocking me- he warned, “Do not run… we thoroughly enjoy the chase, it excites us almost as much as sex. And there’s nothing better than a hard chase followed by even harder sex. And you Love, are the ideal prey.”
“Stay the hell away and don’t get any ideas. I wasn’t planning on running. I’m just tired of being carried by you, and you stink.”
“I know I smell… real… good… to you. I can tell by the way you can’t keep your eyes from my neck. Now that you’ve had a taste, you can’t stay away can you, Love?”
“Don’t flatter yourself; after all, you’re more beast than man.”
He smiled showing perfect white teeth and no fangs. “Here I thought I was being the perfect gentleman, and it’s too bad you’re not up for a short run. I was actually hoping you liked some adventure... my hot blood surging through your body, again- among other things. I can give you one hell of a wild ride, beast and all.”
I turned and started walking away from him because he was wasting my time. “Do you not feel like you’re betraying your King lusting after his Queen?”
“I have no problems lusting after you because I know you want nothing to do with him. You fight the hold he has over you. The witch I killed confessed as much. Besides he is not our true King. He killed our true King, so you wouldn’t meet your destiny. He thought to coerce fate and become your destiny by becoming a Lycan.”
“You seem to know a lot about my destiny. I hope you don’t believe all that you hear because destiny doesn’t apply to gods. And I would never be destined to a beast such as a Lycan, fate would not be this cruel.”
I smiled, he just confirmed Eros was now in part Lycan. Eros’s eyes were what clued me in… and his need to bite me under the open night sky with the moon shining above. It is why I couldn’t recognize him the night he came after me two weeks ago and found me. He was more beast, never fully reverting back to vampire. This Lycan wore a similar metal cuff around his right wrist, to the one I wore. I wondered if he could see the one that was around my neck.
“You Are young… fate my love, is always cruel. So… do tell, you rather be a dragon’s captive… slave- whore?”
I abruptly stopped, “I know what you are trying to do, it won’t work.”
 “Do not call me your love. You sound too much like your king. In fact, I know he put you up to this. He sent you after me, didn’t he?”
“No… I have my own agenda, and I answer to no one. Face me, I’m done talking to your back.”
I let out a very un-lady like snort, not believing him. “Right, why did you kill the witch, was it just because you no longer needed her?” I asked feeling his eyes on me. 
No answer. Only silence and feeling him burn a whole in my back.
I straightened my spine and turned.
His arms are folded over his chest and he’s waiting for me. Our eyes meet… hold. I ignore what I see in his… it’s too soon for anyone to feel that way about me… well it’s just too soon to find it in his eyes. So I give him a look filled with all the indifference I could inject it with. He smirks down on me, his look saying he is wise, worldly, and his endless years have given him experiences beyond my wildest imaginations.
“I don’t need experiences like the ones you have in mind, yes I’m young, but I can assure you caged as I was I’ve experienced enough.” 
“The witches fight over you too… everyone is trying to find you. She got in my way. She tried to kill me, but only succeeded in getting herself killed in the end.”
He hates my answer, I can tell from the distaste in his voice and the anger reflected in his eyes.
“Do you know what they want from me?” I ask making it sound it was more from curiosity than anything else. Giving him all the uncaring, emotionless tone I could put into my question. If he answered which I believed he would because for some odd reason he looked like he couldn’t stand to see me go- I felt I had to take it with a grain of salt.
“My guess is they want to control you, and if they can’t than they’ll kill you.”
“I don’t believe you. Why would the witches want to kill me when most of them have aided the creatures who have captured me?”
“The witches don’t aid anyone unless there’s something in it for them. Never trust them. They only help themselves in the end.”
 “Tell me who captured you!” He demands suddenly in front of me, seizing my wrist. “Is it the dragon that follows, is he whom you reek of?”
Taken by surprise at how quickly he was in front of me, I abruptly stopped, looked down at his cuffed hand on my wrist, and waited for him to remove it. When he did… I looked at his clenched fist, then up at the shadows on his face. 
He knew something. 
The witch gave him valuable information about me. Or perhaps it was Eros. I was going to find out who and what it was. “Your king of course, put this ridiculous collar on me… and the dragon you saw, I must smell of him because I slept under his claws all night- trapped.” My finger traced over the symbols of his cuff while he held in his breath. “What do they mean?” 
Was my collar engraved with the same symbols?
“They symbolize a union, unbreakable bond. No… there is another, his scent is disturbing. Who is he?”
 I wondered the same, who was he bonded to, while standing in front of me and drilling me with more questions of his own.
“No one,” I said dropping my hand and walking away again. There was no point in our conversation because he wouldn’t tell me what I needed to know, and I wouldn’t tell him of Darius.
“You lie, I smelled him all over you since you first stepped into the cave. He does not smell like the dragon you were just now running from. In fact, his scent is so infused into your skin it could only mean you either fucked him repeatedly, or he marked you with his seed so all would know you belonged to him. Which was it?”
I stopped dead in my tracks, turned, and looked at the outraged Lycan. He continued, “But most fascinating is the fact that you did this after the hybrid king placed the engagement collar on you. It is the Lycan ritual when taking a mate, saying the traditional words, the collar appears, blood is exchanged, and well… consummation. But it didn’t happen that way for you. No… you my Queen did things differently. Elucidate how it is you’re willing to take an engagement collar from a Lycan Vampire King, but then repeatedly fuck a dragon, My Queen? I am very curious.” He was feral in his sudden rage.
I was outraged by the manner in which he felt he had the right to speak to me. Was he defending his king? 
“We did not fuck! And you speak of things you know nothing about.”
He was instantly in my face, “Didn’t you? Because you, My Queen smell of dragon sex… you see they are very similar to us in the way that we must bite and mark our partners before we mate- an uncontrollable impulse. I’m sure that was quite a sight for the Vampire King. Tell me, was that how he found you on your wedding night? Were you on your back… with a dragon between your thighs?”
“How dare you!” He was angry with me. He sounded bitter and jealous. He was saying these things to gain the upper hand by shocking me. It was rolling of him in waves. “How dare you reproach me? You know nothing! No… the dragon tried, but I refused him. I killed him the night you speak of and died many more times trying to get free of him.” Perhaps I had just allowed too much information slip, but he’d angered me, and I felt the need to defend myself.
He smiled showing his fangs, “Yes you did, at first, I imagine… but he’s spilled himself over you and bit you multiple times. There’s nothing stronger than the combination of the two on a female, unless of course he’d done it while inside your body. I wager he made it difficult for you. Dragons… the fuckers are attributed with a mesmerizing quality. Tell me did he use his glowing captivating eyes on you? Did he make you sex-starved? How many times did he make you drink his potent blood, you growing reckless- wanting it until you had every… last… drop? Dragons are mystical creatures. Their blood, saliva, and semen have a sexually charged, very potent drugging quality. It makes the female mindless.”
I screamed covering my ears. “No… shut up!” He’d just explained so much. The reasons behind my weaknesses since the very beginning to Darius were finally explained. He’d been drinking… kissing me for years. I choked… because he purposefully tricked me into wanting him. I could never trust anyone again, so I left running tracing to the water I heard because I needed to wash Darius away. His smell… I had grown accustomed to, and the memories of his touch consumed me then. I felt if I didn’t get away, I was going to rip the Lycan’s head off. 
I promised I would return to Darius, I felt every part of my body demand I make good on my promise, but now I knew the truth… I couldn’t allow myself to do this. The Lycan was key to finding the witches, and I would end them both… no longer would Darius and Eros have control over me.
 As I stripped, roughly tearing off my clothes, all I thought was, he’d told me so many falsehoods, everything was a lie… the fucking bastard. I knew he’d lied about everything, but not my weakness for him, God, not my love for him. His love for me gave him no right to force me to love him.
I ran into the water, splashing loudly as I entered, and swam until my arms began to ache. Trying to forget all I had sacrificed was for a lie, feelings that never should have been… created by his influence. None of it worth the risks I’d blindly taken for him. He better pray he didn’t find me now because for the first time I thought myself capable of destroying the man I had fought with all my soul to protect. 
A good while passed before the Lycan arrived, his heated look instantly finding me. The sun was setting, but I didn’t care because my muscles and heart felt sore. All I thought about was washing the lying, cheating brute off me.
I saw the Lycan pick up my clothes and smell them, sick beast.  Maybe he was linked in some way to his king; sending him evidence he had secured his prize. 
I screamed from the frustration. “I want to be alone! Let me be.”
There was understanding in his eyes, almost like he knew I was sloughing away, trying to rid myself of the past years. Unfortunately, no amount of washing would erase Darius… I was not so naïve to believe I would no longer love him when I saw him again. The damage had been severely done. I needed to find the witches and beg, cheat, steal, or pay them a small fortune for a spell that would help me feel nothing for him. This is the punishment he deserves. I made myself feel nothing for Eros, I could do it again.
Or was it you Darius who tricked my mind by overwhelming me with desire for you?
 I wouldn’t allow myself to trust again, ever. Ly, as I would now call the Lycan, took my clothes to the edge of the water and washed them against the rocks. He unbuttoned his shirt, wrung each piece of my clothing and rubbed the two against his neck and chest- water drops traveled sinuously south on the ridges and hollows of his body. Yeah, he was a sight to behold and definitely looked like the best washboard I’d ever seen. How could I have fallen again in the hands of another who sought to use me? Let him try, and I’ll tear out his heart.
I turned from him, he couldn’t possibly begin to understand because now he wished for me to smell of him. I had to be rid of him and soon, or he would turn into as much of a problem as Darius and Eros. I could read the signs and his were bigger than any billboards I’d ever seen and they started blinking neon.
I swam further away from him while he patiently sat by the shore and placed my clothes on the lap of his extended leg, waiting for them to dry. His other leg was bent raised at the knee, and I knew he was giving me the precious time I needed. He started throwing pebbles into the water while he intently watched me trying to clean myself with just the light green water. It smelled exquisite, something I couldn’t place, but divine. 
Tuberose, I knew the smell was anything but tuberose, but I couldn’t help feel… remembering it and smelling it in the wind.
I closed my eyes as I went under. I tried to forget the pools, not think about anything that happened between Darius and I. It was hard because my mind it would seem was bent on making my heart suffer. I tried not to run from it, but instead deal because I wasn’t going to allow for it all to come crashing into me when I saw him again. Better to face all the emotions now than letting them come slamming me down- knocking me off my feet, cold. 
I came up a few moments later, took a much needed breath, and found the Lycan was gone. Swimming closer to shore, I discovered our clothes left behind. He too went for a swim. I thought searching for him. At least, he was decent enough to do it away from me.
Uncaring, I continued swimming enjoying the feel of the cool water against my skin, he wouldn’t go far without his clothes, or me. My mind kept repeating, find a way to forget Darius. I knew he would soon find me, use his mystical drugging abilities on me… the thought of it did things to me. I was scared because I still wanted him. My body wouldn’t easily forget what it felt like to be near him. To have him touch me.
My greatest fear just surfaced.
What if when faced with him… what if I didn’t care? Could I walk away from him after trying so many times to do just that, or would I pretend one last time- just to know what it would feel like to be his woman.
Fuck Darius, I hate you because here I go again making ridiculous excuses just to be with you once again.
Chapter 4: Lycan Blood Can’t Hold Me Down 



Night fell and a shining silver moon lit a deep violet sky as I was buttoning up my jeans when I heard the Lycan approach. “How long have you been watching me?”
“Not nearly as long as I wished, you put on quite a show for me, My Queen.”  
I refused to turn because I knew him to be naked. His clothes were still damp lying on the ground next to my feet. 
“I didn’t know you watched, I just found it very opportune for you to suddenly appear precisely as I finished getting dressed.” 
“You are a terrible liar, I felt your hesitation when you realized I was watching… you could have easily traced back into the water.”
 Without raising my eyes, I said, “Why did you come back? I thought I had gotten rid of you, found it unlikely, but still hoped.”
I felt him walk up next to me, breathe me in… then slowly kneel on one leg by my thigh, pick up his clothing as I felt the heat of his eyes on me, and heard him say, “I went to satisfy one of my needs, elsewhere My Queen… tell me… would you be interested in helping me satisfy the other? I know I’ll be so good for you, precisely what you need. I will help you forget.”
I felt his breath on my hand and thought, If he touches me I’ll rip off his arm- he can still take me to the witches without the limb.
I stiffened, “No, but very gallant of you to ask… a great change from what I’m used to.” I quickly said while walking away.
“And you are like no vampire I’ve ever known… they love to fuck their food- get the whole experience kind of philosophy. And you look starved for both cravings. I promise I won’t hold it against you, Love.” He said standing, just as I heard him begin to dress.
I took in a deep breath and waited a few seconds before answering, trying to draw patience from it. “You definitely have a death wish. I thought you denied me being a vampire.” I clarified with hands on my waist, turning.
He came up to me, quickly… too fast because I wasn’t expecting his fingers on my lips when he opened my mouth in submission, thrust two fingers between my teeth, and huskily said, “You my dear are very much warm and alive. You walk in our blazing sun something no vampire would manage. And most importantly you have no fangs. I felt your blunt teeth tear my skin.”
My eyes close, letting him feel his way in my mouth- slipping over my teeth. Learning me while I thought, Give in! Take what he’s offering… no one would blame you for losing control and killing him. He is practically begging you for it.
“Tell me Lycan, did you ever dream about seducing death, making her your lover and letting her, with open arms, draw out your pleasure… drop by drop- riding it out, leaving you with nothing in the end but utter ecstasy.”
His smile is electrifying, “I would have you feed from me again just to feel what you so eloquently described, to feel your hunger for me seize you, your teeth tearing into me while your body comes alive for me. Drawing your pleasure from me, do your worst, Love.”
Taking deep, calming breaths because he was right… my nature brought on many types of desires, especially knowing an endless source of nourishment was so close. He was faster and stronger than he let on before… I would not make the same mistake of forgetting. He was so tempting because I knew I could control him.
I nipped and licked his finger as he slowly withdrew it and traced my lips. With his blood wet on my lips, I turned my face from his fingers, feeling them travel over my face leaving a path of blood to my chin, “Don’t mistake hunger for something else, anything… and I do mean anything with blood would do. You are nothing but an insignificant beast and are no different from any other animal I might find out in this desert.” 
I heard his pant zipper rise, fingers closing on my jaw with the hand he used to caress the blood on my face, eyes smiling down at me while the hand he used on his pants grabbed punishing my hip- biting into my skin.  I quickly continued speaking. “You smell like the water here, but I didn’t sense you near. Where did you bathe?” I asked lifting my chin out of his grasp, causing his fingers to fall from the corner of my lips to my neck as he was making his way back to them.  I felt pangs of hunger when his fingers were so warm, close, heavy on my skin. His touch was frighteningly familiar. I know his touch. I shook my head, impossible- it’s the hunger you recognize.
“You sense me? I’m flattered, tell me what do I make you feel when I’m near, touching you? When you know I was watching you… naked as you were?”
“Hungry, like I can drink you dry, you know the usual.” I responded a bit annoyed, leaving out how much I felt like we’d been here before.
“I’m sure, Love.” He laughs showing me his fangs, my heart squeezes. “I went to the other side, figured you wanted some privacy. Was I wrong?” His fingers slide down underneath the low neckline of my shirt between my breasts, opening between them… feeling his way over my heart. “You look like you can use me, I’d let you- no strings attached. You looked like that a while ago, like you can use a good thorough fuck by someone who wouldn’t need to cage you to accomplish it.”
I’d just taken what felt like a verbal slap to the face with his knuckles laying sweet caresses over the tops of my breasts. He was real smooth in his delivery, but I knew this game too well. I was trying really hard not to kill him, but he was making it increasingly difficult for me.
I was speechless… thinking of which was the best tactic to use on him because he was not just Eros’s lap dog. He knew too much. I opened my mouth, and then closed it. He was enjoying this.
“It’s why I left because it was either leaving and feeding, or jumping in and fucking you… for many nights, until we were both out of each other’s system, if it would be… simple enough. I say it’s worth a fucking shot. The sooner we get started the better, don’t you think?”
I pushed past him, hitting my shoulder against his chest as I left, and wiping the blood from my face. I needed some distance between us. “No, you will cease speaking to me like this. I’m just hungry after a swim. I smell the blood you recently fed from. Tell me, what did you find?”
“Enough with your fucking inhibitions, you aren’t interested in what I fed on, not when you have me here… right before you, offering you my endless supply of blood.” He was right before me again, as his hands swept over his body and out. “And most importantly, I don’t think you would find the creatures here satisfying because although you are not a vampire you do have similar traits. Like I said they enjoy fucking their food, care to give it a try?” 
“You are morbidly sick.”
“Stop fighting the urge!” 
“You mean the urge I have to kill you!” 
“Fuck Me! Do I have to spell it out for you?” 
“Can you stop talking! It sickens me to hear how weak you believe vampires to be. We possess a stronger will than mindless beasts like you for instance. We are led by more than just our need for sex and blood. These aren’t the middle ages.”
“Might as well be for all your repressed feelings. No… your problem is you are fighting your nature instead of embracing it. I just seek to make you stronger. Once you have what you crave, you will be able to conquer it, but until then you’re a slave to it.” 
“You are saying, correct me if I misinterpreted you, I just need to get these overwhelming urges out of my system… with you? To ride the beast for everything it’s worth?” I asked as if I was actually considering his stupid suggestion.

About The Author Harnet Spade:


She’s been reading and losing herself in romance novels since the age of thirteen. Graduated from The University of Miami with a bachelor's Degree in English and Criminology. Attended law school for two years before realizing her passion was in writing paranormal romance. She is happily married since the age of nineteen to the only man who has been able to capture her heart and has two teenage daughters who everyone confuses for her sisters. She lives in a corner of paradise called Miami, Florida. And truly is an advocate of having your own happy ending, no matter the hardships life may throw your way remember to never lose sight of your dreams.
 
 
 
 
Blood Thirst Affair Series:
Taken by The Hunger (BK 1) 
Savage Awakening (BK 2) 
Hunted by Kings (BK 3) 
Contact the Author through email for upcoming new releases: harnetspade@yahoo.com and please title the email -Blood Thirst.
 
 
 
