
Take Care of Me
By Melita Washington
Copyright 2014 Melita Washington
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1
What made them friends, Stacey didn’t know.  They were more opposite than night and day. But there was absolutely nothing Stacey wouldn’t do for Nick. She watched him now, struck by how handsome he was. No wonder he never had to work for female companionship. He turned, saw Stacey coming towards him and smiled. “Hey Stacey May.” It was his affectionate nickname for her that no one else would dare use.  Especially considering that her middle name was really Elizabeth. But, just as much as she would do anything for him the feeling was mutual on his part as well. 
They were meeting to have their usual Friday night dinner. But there was someone else at the table. The question of who the striking stranger could be furrowed Stacey’s brow as both men rose from their chairs. “Stacey, I would like you to meet Stefan Spencer,” said Nick as he pulled the chair out for her to sit. Stefan held his hand out and she grasped it to find a warm, firm shake. Sign of a strong man her uncle would say. He looked her straight in the eye and held her hand just a moment longer than was necessary and smiled a dazzling smile at her.  Stacey’s heart skipped a beat.  She had no words, which was a rarity for her. Nick noticed and cleared his throat.  “You’ve heard me speak about Stefan we went to high school together.”  Stacey did remember the stories and felt a small stab of jealousy.  She was always amazed about the bond that had formed between her and Nick; and now worried that with a male counterpart on the scene, her role would be usurped. “Stefan is relocating to the D.C. area,” Nick was explaining.
“And Nick told me all about you, but he never said how lovely you were Stacey,” Stefan said his eyes never leaving hers. 
Stacey felt flush and didn’t like the feeling. “You never told me he was a used car salesman Nick,” She stated flatly trying to put distance between the tug of the attraction she felt toward Stefan. Both men laughed.
“So Stefan why are you returning to the D.C. area?” Stacey asked trying to make her voice sound normal and to steady her erratic heartbeat.  
The waitress came and took their orders then Stefan answered, “Well the main reason is that my mother is suffering from dementia and my father needs a hand looking after her.  But I also had the opportunity to take on a new position in our company.  You are looking at the new Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Crawley and Company.” 
“So you are a salesman,” Stacey laughed.  Stefan returned the laugh easily, “I guess you can say so in a manner of speaking.” 
“I am sorry to hear about your mother Stefan.”  Stacey said this knowing it was a hard road ahead of him. As a nurse she had seen so much sickness in her life. Nick often wondered how she kept her sanity, but it was just who she was. Compassion was in her DNA and she felt it now for Stefan. 
Nick softly chuckled, “Stefan’s mom is a firecracker.  She used to beat me just as much, if not more than Stefan.”  
Stefan’s smile held sadness. “We definitely deserved it and many more.” Both men laughed and said simultaneously, “Spare the rod, spoil the child.”  
“I know you were a handful Nick and from the stories I’ve heard Stefan, you’re just as incorrigible.” Stacey said trying not to stare at him. The attraction she was feeling was undeniable and making her very uncomfortable.
Stefan took a sip of his wine that the waitress had just refilled and said, “I have to admit it was 50/50 as to who instigated the situations we found ourselves in as kids.” He turned to Nick, “Do you remember that time we got caught sneaking out to go to a party when we were both already grounded?” 
Nick chuckled softly, “Of course I remember, that one was worth the beating I received when I got home. Libby Giovonni was worth all the trouble and then some.” 
Stefan added wistfully, “And I can say the same about Tiffany… What was her last name?” They both laughed.  The evening progressed and Stacey was regaled with stories of their youth. She felt encompassed in their circle of easy ribbing and laughter.
The waitress, like she was drawn to their laughter came and batted her eyelashes at Nick. Stacey shook her head knowing how this was about to go down. Mandy, the waitress had been overly solicitous the whole evening, brushing up against Nick whenever she came by to check on the table. He turned to her now knowing what she wanted and gave it to her. “What time do you get off of work Mandy?”  He was so nonchalant about it. 
She quickly answered, “An hour ago, but wanted to make sure you were taken care of.”  
He gave her that alluring smile Stacey knew so well and said, “So what are we waiting for?” Nick said his goodbyes after taking care of the tab for the evening.
“Does he always do that?” Stefan asked chuckling at the ease of which Nick had picked up the waitress.
“Yes, it’s incredibly easy for him. Who could blame her?  He’s hot.” Stacey answered shrugging her shoulders. Stefan frowned at this.  He had been laughing and smiling all evening so the frown looked out of place on his face.
“What?” Stacey asked. 
“I didn’t realize it was like that between you two,” he stated flatly.
Stacey was quick to correct him, “It’s not like that at all. I love him, but I’m not in love with him.  I know him too well to fall for his charm. He’s my best friend. Don’t know what I’d do without him. But it’s never been like that between us.” 
A slow smile spread across Stefan’s face, “That’s good to know. We stay away from sharing each other’s girls.” 
Whoa, did she hear that right? Did that mean he was considering Stacey to be his girl? Well, Stacey thought to herself, just ask. “So,” she started out slowly, “Am I under consideration for being your girl?”
His smile broadened. “Would you be receptive to the idea?”
She had to remember to breathe. Never in her life had a guy this attractive come onto her. She contemplated his good looks.  Not as model handsome as Nick, but gorgeous none the less. He had an olive complexion that definitely wasn’t born in a tanning both.  His eyes were a grey blue that looked like a storm brewing when he frowned and fireworks when he laughed. He had midnight black hair that looked windblown, but she knew enough about style to know that it was not a natural occurrence.  There was definitely product in this guy’s hair.  Metro-sexual much? He wore an expensive suit that screamed designer and probably cost more than her whole closet worth of clothing. He looked like he stepped from between the sheets of GQ magazine. Why on earth would he be interested in going out with someone who was the total opposite of that?  
Next to him Stacey looked so plain. She was grateful that for once that she had at least changed clothes before meeting Nick. Usually she met him in her scrubs. She had actually put on a skirt and blouse, which showed a hint of cleavage which Stefan, checked occasionally to her happy surprise. Her brown hair was pulled severely away from her face and she was pale from lack of sun. She refused to go to a tanning salon, like Nick was always pestering her to. Stefan was a good foot taller than Stacey, lean and muscular. While she wasn’t overweight she definitely wasn’t model thin like she envisioned his type to be. Why on earth was he asking her out? She realized he was still waiting for an answer and she still couldn’t think how to respond. This was probably easy for him, she had heard about his and Nick’s escapades in school. He was a rival to Nick’s ways with the ladies.
She took so long to answer he began to back pedal, “If you’re not interested you can just say so, I’ll survive.” He looked away seemingly chagrined.
Oh no, she thought, I‘m blowing it, over thinking the situation as usual.  “No, it’s not that. I just don’t usually get asked out. I couldn’t help trying to examine your motives.  But I’m game for anything once.”
“Not exactly a resounding yes, but I’ll take it. There must be something wrong with the male population around here, if a beautiful woman like you doesn’t get asked out all the time.” Stefan said smoothly.
Stacey shrugged blowing off the exaggerated compliment, “I get asked out on a rare occasion or two, but definitely not by drop dead gorgeous guys like you. Oh! That sounds superficial doesn’t it?”
He grinned at her, “Totally, but I’m not going to hold it against you.”
She wiped her hand across her forehead dramatically, “Whew! I have the propensity to put my foot in my mouth, so I’m glad it’s not there now.” 
This flirting thing was going well, much better than she had ever done it before.  He genuinely seemed interested. She was on her second glass of wine, definitely her limit. Afraid that she was going to mess things up, she decided to call it quits for the night.
Stefan, however had other ideas, he pulled his chair closer to Stacey. “So, can I interest you in dessert?” He set the dessert menu in front of Stacey while putting his arm over the back of her chair. She could feel the heat from his body and without even thinking she leaned closer to him. They were almost touching. Her stomach was doing little flips, thinking about his proximity. Maybe she didn’t have to leave just yet.
“Dessert does sound good. Do you like chocolate?” Stacey asked in a breathy voice that sounded nothing like the practical no nonsense voice she used as a nurse.
“Who doesn’t love chocolate? Shall we share something?” Stefan mused. 
“That might save on calories.” Stacey intoned begrudgingly. She really did love dessert but didn’t want to look like a complete hog in front of Stefan.
He laughed out loud. “I wouldn’t dream of making you share a dessert.  You look like I just kicked your puppy by even suggesting it!”
Embarrassed that he read her thoughts so easily Stacey said, “Really I don’t mind sharing. But look there is a mudslide pie and a chocolate lava cake. Maybe we could share both?” 
His eyes twinkled in his mirth. Stacey could get lost in those eyes. She found herself inching even closer. She wanted to be in the orbit of his dazzling sunshine of a smile. He stroked her cheek with his index finger and said, “I would be happy to share dessert with you.”
Stacey felt that slight caress shoot straight through her entire body. She shivered with a need that she had never felt before. The man just oozed sex appeal.  She felt flush and overheated, and she didn’t want the sensation to go away. It felt like there was a magical cord connecting them. 
They ordered dessert and when it came Stacey dug into the chocolate lava cake first. “Mmm. This is heaven. How is the mudslide pie?”  She leaned over and put her fork into the slice on the plate in front of Stefan and was equally impressed. “Ooo. This is so good.”
Stefan sat back, “I think I’ll just watch you enjoy them both, it’s downright erotic.” His eyes watched Stacey intensely. It made her feel self-conscious. But she didn’t want to seem selfish, so she feed him a bite of the lava cake. He closed his eyes as he tasted the delicious morsel. 
“See it’s not just me, you make it look good too.” Stacey watched as he licked his lips to remove the residual chocolate that coated his lips. Oh how she wanted to lick it off!
Whoa! Where did that come from? She had never been that brazen in her life and she definitely couldn’t start having thoughts like that about a man she met 2 hours ago. She tried to reign in her raging hormones. She took a sip of the wine that she had been nursing. It took everything in her not to climb in his lap. 
“I think I am going to call it an evening before I embarrass myself.” Stacey mumbled as she rose from her chair and Stefan automatically rose with her. Wow what a gentleman, no guy did that these days. He was closer than she anticipated.  She could feel the heat radiating from him. He smelled of some sort of spicy aftershave, chocolate and wine. It was definitely a masculine scent and the heady aroma felt like an actual pull that lead Stacey much closer to him.  If she just looked up she could kiss him.  What was going on? This isn’t me!  Stacey took a step away from him but got caught up in her purse which she had put on the floor at her feet. She wobbled; he reached out to steady her.  The touch sent another electric jolt through her body.
“Can I see you home?” he asked, concern coloring his voice.
“I’ll take a cab.” Stacey said. The room was starting to spin, but she didn’t attribute it to the wine. She was intoxicated by his closeness. If she could just get some distance between them she would be OK.  But the more Stacey tried to move away the more concerned he became.
“Please stop,” she begged. “I am alright.”
He continued to support her unnecessarily. “I promise I’ll just see you to the door. My mother raised a gentleman, and I couldn’t live with myself if I let you go home alone in this condition.” They walked to the front exit of the restaurant. And he hailed a taxicab.
Stacey couldn’t tell him that he was making her imbalanced. That would sound totally ridiculous. It even sounded ridiculous to her and it is how she was feeling.  But why was she feeling this way?  Sure he was handsome as all get out, but that wasn’t cause for this type of reaction. Or was it? Is this what love at first sight was like? Stacey had felt the attraction as soon as she laid eyes on him.  Don’t be ridiculous! She shook her head to dispel the thought.
Best course of action was to keep her mouth shut, make it home and pray not to embarrass herself further.  The cab ride was quick, she lived a short distance from Carly’s their favorite restaurant. Stacey wondered what Nick would think about Stefan and her as a couple. Would it bother him? She certainly felt a tiny stab of jealousy when she had listened to their easy camaraderie. It was definitely a male thing that she couldn’t compete with. But she dismissed the thought quickly. Stacey knew Nick loved her. She was secure in that. Probably the only thing in her life she was secure with.  
Nick and Stacey had met when his one night stand of the evening had overdosed on heroine. Nick had brought her to the emergency room and confessed they had been doing smack when Rosslyn, the lady in question, had a seizure and stopped breathing. Nick called 911 and the operator told him to do CPR. He came with her to the hospital and Stacey was the nurse on duty at the emergency room that night. 
She had been out of nursing school only a week and she was unsure what to do. The head nurse took control of the situation and Stacey ended up talking to Nick. She wasn’t judgmental as he told her all the things that he felt were bad in his life. They clicked. She got him through rehab. They connected in ways that she never knew it was possible to connect with a person. It was so strange. 
Many of his negative behaviors continued, but he had never done drugs again. Rosslyn died that night and it changed a fundamental part of him. There were many nights, after her death that he cried in Stacey’s arms. No one had ever been that vulnerable with her. It takes courage to be that vulnerable with someone and Stacey told that to Nick when he lamented about crying like a baby with her. It’s just what you do when you love someone.
And it was definitely reciprocated. For as many times as Stacey had been there for him, he had been there for her. Her heart was too open Nick constantly told her.  For every death in the ER, for every bad day and for many lonely nights Nick had been there for her. 
The whole cab ride home Stacey worried about what Nick would think about this. Stefan was his best friend from high school, so she didn’t want to come between that.  So when Stefan saw Stacey to my door and went for a kiss, she turned her head and he planted one on her cheek.  He looked a little disappointed, but took it with good grace.  “Do I get to call on you tomorrow?”
Stacey didn’t trust her voice not to squeak, so she nodded. 
***
Stefan walked away from Stacey with mixed emotions. There was something there with her, but he didn’t like how close she and Nick were. There were insecurities from their younger days that Stefan tried to dismiss, but tonight they were nagging at him.  But he felt interested in Stacey that went beyond how she appealed to him as a woman. She was voluptuous and was sexy as hell, but for some reason didn’t know it. From the moment she walked to the table he was hard for wanting her body. But as the evening progressed, he was more and more intrigued by her character. 
Nick had told him about his friend Stacey the nurse, but he always talked in terms of how she was the conscience in his life. So Stefan had assumed she was an old fuddy duddy. When Nick invited him to dinner to meet his friend, he had braced himself for having a rather dull evening. He should have known better. Nick knew all the cool people. He laughed to himself. But he definitely looked forward to seeing Stacey again. He couldn’t seem to get her out of his mind.
***
Stacey walked into her apartment and collapsed on the bed. Her mind kept going over every detail of the evening. Stefan was so gorgeous and he seemed genuinely attracted to her as well. Nick always tried to push her to date, so she suddenly wondered whether or not this had been a set up? It never occurred to her that he had set them up until just this moment. How embarrassing! If Nick had gotten his buddy to come on to his frumpy friend she would kill him.
Nick often would suggest she dress more provocatively. Or would try to set her up on dates, but she wasn’t interested. She was more focused on her career. She wanted to be a good nurse. But if any of Nick’s other friends were as hot as Stefan, she definitely was missing out. But maybe Nick had tried to manipulate her into accepting a blind date. Oh she could just see Nick maneuvering this into happening. She was going to kill him! 
Stacey picked up the phone, but then put it back down. He had left with Mandy the waitress. He wouldn’t be answering the phone tonight.

Nick would have welcomed the interruption.  It wasn’t that Mandy wasn’t attractive, she most definitely was.  He caressed her curves dispassionately accessing her beauty and found nothing to find fault with. But while he stirred her passion to great heights, she did absolutely nothing for him.  And his nonexistent erection was proof of that. But he was stroking her so insistently that she had yet to notice his lack of enthusiasm. There was nothing unappealing about Mandy. He’d been with her a couple of times on and off. Just casual fun in his mind, but he knew she wanted more. And to be honest he did too, but just not with her. 
Stacey was forever telling him he needed to stop his womanizing ways. But they gave him some comfort. There was power in being able to smile at a woman and get her to give herself to him. He enjoyed it immensely, but lately it wasn’t as fulfilling as it had been in the past.
A flash of Jasmine’s body flitted through his mind and his erection flared to life.  But scoundrel that he was, he couldn’t be intimate with Mandy and pretend that she was Jasmine. He was ready for this encounter to be over, but didn’t want to hurt Mandy’s feelings. He could see her to completion and she would never know he didn’t want to be with her like this ever again. 
So he began whispering in Mandy’s ear. Wicked things he knew would make her blood sing. And as he kissed his way down her body, he knew she would be a quivering mass of jelly by the time he finished with her. He followed the gyration of her hips relentlessly until he felt her start to peak. 
Her release came and she smiled at him with love shining in her eyes. He hated to see it there because he really didn’t want to hurt Mandy. So he pulled her close and held her. She tried to stroke him to life, but he pulled the covers over her and told her he was good. “Really?” she asked surprised.
He considered getting rid of her, but really didn’t want the confrontation.  So instead he kissed the top of her head and said, “Really.” 
***
She knew it was a dream, but Stacey couldn’t shake herself out of it. In her dream Nick paid Stefan cold hard cash to ask her out and the two men were laughing behind her back at how pathetic she was. In her dream it felt like she had felt when she was younger. She felt small and alone and lonely. Stefan looked at her and laughed harder. She could feel herself beginning to cry in her sleep.
Stacey’s alarm awakened her and she rolled over and called Nick.  She didn’t even turn off the alarm. Nick heard the phone ring and disentangled himself from Mandy. It was Stacey; he answered and heard her alarm going off insistently and loudly in the background.
“Why is there a klaxon blaring?” he raised his voice to be heard.  She turned it off.
“Nick did you do it?” There was so much distress in her voice he immediately was concerned. She sounded like she was crying.
“What’s the matter? Never mind, I’ll be right there.” Before he hung up Stacey could hear a female voice saying, “You’re leaving?”  
Stacey was relieved that Nick was coming over. He always made things right. He would give a rational perspective to this whole thing; at least that is what Stacey told herself.
As Stacey tried to pull herself together; she put on a pot of coffee, took a shower and as she was getting out, she heard the door open.  Nick lived just around the corner and had a key to her place so she wasn’t surprised.  As he came through her bedroom door she came out the bathroom and accused him, “Nick did you do it?” Her voice choked on unexpected tears. 
“What? What is it?” he closed the distance between them and held her by her arms. 
“I just need to know, did you put Stefan up to asking me out?” She took a couple of deep calming breaths.  He stared at Stacey with a perplexed expression on his face.  “Tell me everything. What are you talking about?”
They sat on her bed as she recounted the evening in excruciating detail, leaving nothing out.  He held her as she talked. She even told him about how she felt punched in the gut when Stefan said she was beautiful. Then she told him about the horrible dream she had and how they both were laughing at her for thinking a hot guy would be into her.
He listened to everything. Dried the irrational tears and kissed the top of her forehead. At that exact moment Stefan walked through the door holding coffee and a bag, “Hey your door is open….”
He stopped as he saw Stacey in a towel, and Nick in very casual clothes holding her in his arms on her bed, with his lips pressed to her forehead.
It seemed as though all the air had fled the room. No one spoke for what seemed like minutes. Nick found his voice first. “Hey, good morning man.” Nick untangled Stacey from his embrace and grabbed the coffee and the bag of donuts from Stefan’s hands.  “I love Krispy Kreme donuts.  Great timing, I was just leaving.”  He turned back towards Stacey and placed breakfast on her nightstand and whispered, “I didn’t do anything; there was no set up.” With that, he winked and left munching on a donut and smiling.
The silence was very awkward. Stacey sat thinking of how handsome he was and how frumpy she must look in her towel and fuzzy slippers. If he had been interested in dating Stacey surely she scared him off with her red rimmed eyes and disheveled appearance. She must look like a drowned rat with her hair stringy and wet.
His expression was hard; the storm was raging in his grey blue eyes, “I thought you said it wasn’t like that with you and Nick.”
Stacey shouldn’t have been shocked that his thoughts had taken him there, but she was a little. Looking at it from his viewpoint she guessed she could see how he would make that assumption.  “No,” she assured him, “Nick is really just a friend. I am a bit of a mess.  Let me go make myself presentable.”
“You look perfect just as you are.” Stefan stepped closer to the bed and held her in place to keep her from retreating. “It’s seven in the morning, why was Nick in your bedroom?” He looked deep into her eyes, trying to see the truth.
Stacey couldn’t meet his stare.  She knew how ridiculous it had been to call Nick, but how could she admit to Stefan that she thought she was in love with him? To admit that was putting herself out there in a way that couldn’t be taken back.  But what else could she say? Stacey just decided to go for a portion of the truth. “I called him to ask him if he had put you up to asking me out. I was a little upset about that prospect and he just immediately came over. I didn’t ask him to come by, he’s just protective of me. Honestly there isn’t any sort of romantic relationship between Nick and myself.”
He took that in, nodded his head and sat next to Stacey on the bed. “Let me be clear. I am very interested in getting to know you better. Nick had nothing to do with my asking you out. You can always just ask me these types of questions. I am going to take it on faith, that you are being honest with me, so I am going to accept your answer that there really is nothing going on between you and Nick.” He sat closer and lifted up her chin. “Are we on the same page?”
Stacey nodded her head not trusting her voice. This whole situation just made her feel unbalanced. She usually had a quick answer for anything someone said, it was a self-defense mechanism. But with Stefan everything turned topsy turvy. Stacey took a deep breath trying to pull air into her lungs as well as pull herself together. She used the donut to give herself a moment. “Krispy Kremes really are the best donuts. Thanks for breakfast.”
“I just wanted to make sure you were alright before I went to work. You really had me concerned last night. You are a lightweight if just a couple of glasses of wine do you in that badly.” He softened his criticism with a smile.
Trying to stay with the honesty line of thinking she told him, “I really wasn’t drunk. It was you. You throw my equilibrium out of whack.” 
His smile broadened, “Well that’s quite the compliment.”
“Just being honest,” Stacey stated stuffing the last bite of the donut in her mouth. “So it’s Saturday, why are you going to work?”
“New kid on the block got to make sure I’m up to snuff for my first day Monday.” He took a sip of the coffee. “But, I am just putting in half a day; can I take you to lunch?”
“Sorry,” She was truly disappointed. “I work at the hospital today from 11-8. But how about a late dinner?” She asked trying to disguise the hope in her voice. “I make a mean spaghetti.”
“It’s a date.” He got up from the bed. He held her hands and gazed into her eyes. It felt like she couldn’t breathe.  He leaned down and brushed a quick kiss across her lips.  “I will see you later tonight then.” He glanced at Stacey’s bed as if he just realized where they had been this whole time. He left Stacey’s apartment and she felt a rush of adrenaline. Wow! This guy really is into ME!  She got dressed and went to the corner store to grab ingredients for tonight’s meal. 
Manny, the store clerk waved at Stacey, “Hey, good morning Ms. Richards. You look bright and chipper this morning.” 
She waved back and sent a smile over her shoulder, “And why wouldn’t I? It’s a glorious day.  The sun is shining, the birds are singing.”  
Manny laughed, “It sounds like you’re in love. Oh, hey morning Mr. Faulks. Doesn’t Ms. Richards just glow this morning?  I think its love.” He winked at Nick and went back to stocking the shelf.
Nick looked at Stacey. “You do look radiant.”
She smiled back at Nick. “Stefan is coming for spaghetti tonight.”
Nick didn’t return her smile. “I want you to be careful Stacey May.”
“Is there some reason that I should be worried?” Stacey frowned at Nick.
“Besides the fact that you have no experience with men, no.” He frowned at her. “Stefan is a good guy. If he wasn’t I would be more worried about you than I already am.  I just don’t want you to get hurt. I’ve never seen you like this before.  And you only had dinner with the guy.  Slow your roll Stacey May.”
Stacey nodded her head. “I hear you. I don’t understand it myself. I’ve never felt this sort of attraction before. Honestly Nick, I feel like its love at first sight.  And that scares the crap out of me.”
“That makes two of us.” Nick wheeled her grocery cart down the aisle and absently put items in her basket. He put everything that Stacey would have wanted for the menu she had planned in the basket. They knew each other that well. That gave Stacey comfort.  Nick was her rock.
They checked out and went to her apartment to put everything away.  They worked side by side in silence; each of them thoughtful about her situation. Stacey knew he was worried that she was going to get hurt and frankly she was too. Nick pulled a loaf of bread out and started making them both sandwiches. She grabbed the mayo for him and the mustard for herself. Nick got the chips from the pantry. They assembled lunch and Stacey was struck at how intimate it was that they could go through this process and not have to ask what the other one wanted. She guessed she could see how Stefan wouldn’t know what to make of her relationship with Nick. She said as much to Nick.
“Do you think he was jealous?” Nick seemed incredulous.  
“I don’t know Nick, but it definitely gave him pause. I mean how would you feel if you walked in on Jasmine with some guy and she’s only wrapped in a towel in her bedroom?”  Stacey asked shaking her head.
“I don’t want to talk about Jasmine.” Nick paused, he seemed emotional but continued.
“Loving you is like breathing, I don’t even think about it. But you’ve never been in a relationship in all the years that we have been friends, so I guess I am just worrying-- being overprotective.  I guess I should be jealous. He’s going to be taking your attention away from me. But all I can really think about is what if he hurts you? He is my oldest friend, but you’re my best and dearest friend.  He doesn’t know all the crap I was doing, the trouble I had gotten into. Doing heroine was the darkest time in my life and you were there to see me through that. You have seen the worst of me and still you have stood by my side.  You have been my rock.”
Stacey laughed at how his thoughts were echoing her own. “I know our friendship has caused you grief with the girls you date. Especially Jasmine, but you don’t want to talk about her.”
Nick had a steady stream of women that were bed partners, no one serious. Jasmine had been the one girl that he had gotten close to though.  Jasmine had been immediately threatened by Nick and Stacey’s closeness. She didn’t believe that a man and a woman could have a close relationship without it being sexual at one point or another. He always reassured her that their relationship wasn’t like that. But she constantly harped on Stacey’s presence in Nick’s life.  She always tried to exclude Stacey in everything they did. While Nick did the opposite and tried to include her in everything they did.
Jasmine was beautiful. She and Nick looked like a matched Ken and Barbie set. Stacey had liked her.  She was savvy enough to be a match for Nick. Stacey wanted him to find someone to bring him happiness, but Jasmine saw Stacey’s acceptance as some sort of manipulation.  She thought that she was pretending to like her, but only to make Jasmine look worse to Nick. Stacey’s mind just didn’t work that way.  Stacey tried to be unobtrusive, but Nick would have none of it. His stance was if Jasmine couldn’t accept Stacey, then there was a fundamental problem in their relationship.
So they kept trying to co-exist by sharing Nick. They would go out and Jasmine would barely speak to Stacey. It was like Stacey wasn’t even there. Jasmine did everything to have Nick pay attention to her. For Stacey’s part, she tried to stay out of her way. But it wasn’t enough.  She just resented having to put up with Stacey’s presence.
Stacey told Nick to let it go. Stacey thought he was using her to put a wedge between them because he was getting too close to Jasmine. He was scared about falling in love with someone. To actually care about a bed partner was the biggest taboo for him. He hadn’t known how to face those emotions.
Stacey remembered the night they broke up; unfortunately she had been front and center for the whole debacle. Jasmine blamed it all on her. She screamed at him, “She is all you think about.  She is all you talk about. And why? She is nothing special!  Look at her! She’s downright frumpy! I love you. I am the perfect match for you. We have everything in common. I turn my world upside down to accommodate you and all you ever do is put her needs first!”
Stacey sat there stunned. But Nick wouldn’t have it. “She is three times the woman you’ll ever be Jasmine. Do you ever have a thought in your head that doesn’t start and end with how it benefits you? Yes I love her, because she is my friend.  I will not allow you to speak to her that way.  She has done nothing but try to be a friend to you. She knows I love you and she would have let our friendship go to do what would have made me happy. But no! You were too threatened to see that she could have been your strongest ally. Yes, you and I are a perfect match Jasmine. We are probably too much alike to be good together over the long haul.  But your blatant disrespect for Stacey is the breaking point.  How can I possibly be with someone who doesn’t give basic consideration to someone who is so important in my life? Get out. I don’t ever want to see you again.” He threw her out and never looked back. 
It was a hard break for him. And Stacey felt a certain amount of guilt. Maybe she was too much of a presence in his life.  So they continued filling the gaps in each other’s lives. Stacey felt an undeniable pull towards Stefan and wondered if she was going to have to face what Nick had with Jasmine.  It would be twice as hard if that was the case because Nick and Stefan were friends.  She would just have to take it a step at a time. Who knows where this was leading with Stefan. Just because she felt this pull didn’t mean that he felt it too. Nick was right; she had to slow her roll.  
“I have to get going, I’m going to drop off some food to Mrs. Horowitz before I head to the hospital.” 
They left her apartment together and went their separate ways.  
Mrs. Horowitz was Stacey’s mother’s friend. She was 77 years old. She had helped put Stacey through nursing school after her mother’s death. She was now in a wheel chair because of hip replacement surgery. Stacey brought her food every  other day and looked after her to make sure she was doing OK.  Her mind was sharp as a tack, but her body seemed to be failing her. 
“Hi Mrs. Horowitz, how are we doing today?” Stacey asked after she let herself in with her extra key.
“I’ve had better days sweetie. But it does no good to complain, so I won’t.  You look beautiful today.”
Stacey blushed, “Thank you.” She started fixing her a plate of food, keeping her head down so she wouldn’t try to probe further into the reason behind Stacey blushing. But it was too late. “So what’s with the glow?”
She didn’t know why she tried to diffuse her inquiries; Mrs. Horowitz was too shrewd to be put off. “I haven’t the slightest clue what you’re talking about Mrs. Horowitz.” Stacey turned towards the fridge pulling out the milk to pour her a glass.
“Don’t try to work around me girlie girl. Spill. I want to know what’s put the rosy color in those cheeks.” She peered around the corner at Stacey. If she could have gotten up from her wheelchair she would have.
Why was Stacey trying to avoid her question?  Here was a fount of information that she could tap.  77 years of experience with men, what better resource and insight could there be? “Do you believe in love at first sight Mrs. Horowitz?”
She clapped her hands. “Oh this is wonderful!  You’re in love! It’s written all over you.  Tell me all about him. It is a him right?”
Stacey was shocked. “Mrs. Horowitz!”
“What? I’m not so old that I don’t know about these things Stacey. You’ve never been interested in a man before; even that gorgeous Nick that you are so attached to. So can you blame me for wondering about your orientation? From your shock I am assuming that it’s a man and not a woman.”
“Yes, it is a man and I promise I will tell you all about him when I come back tomorrow.  I’m late for work.” Stacey handed her the glass of milk she had poured and turned to leave. “But do you believe in love at first sight?” She stopped and looked back at her.  Mrs. Horowitz eyes crinkled in the corners as she answered, “Yes, I do.”
Stacey gleefully made her escape from Mrs. Horowitz’s interrogation and was somewhat looking forward to grilling her tomorrow on male/female relations. 
Normally Stacey enjoyed her work. She looked forward to getting up in the morning because as a nurse she found fulfillment in helping other people.  She honestly knew she was on the right path in her life. Mrs. Horowitz often commented on how rare that was. Most people drift from one thing to another trying to figure out where they fit in the world.  But Stacey had known from a young age that she wanted to be a nurse.
Stacey had leukemia as a child. She spent months on end in the hospital. And her nurse Ellen Costas’ nurturing care was the reason that she had wanted to become a nurse.  Ellen made such a difference in her recovery. Hospitals are scary places and as a ten year old it had been the scariest time ever, but Ellen was there along with Stacey’s mother every step of the way. 
She always had a silly joke, a cute toy or time just to sit and hold her hand. Stacey’s mom was a single parent, so she couldn’t take off work to be with her. Ellen was there when Stacey felt lost and alone. She remembered that. It stuck with her and it’s what made her want to be a nurse too. Ellen had retired the year Stacey graduated from nursing school. She had come to her graduation ceremony.  The pride in her eyes had shone through the tears. 
And here Stacey was working in that same hospital. She got along well with most of the staff. One nurse in particular she had connected with, Alyson Cooper. Alyson and Stacey had been friendly, but after Alyson had a one night stand with Nick she became the opposite of friendly. It saddened Stacey, but there wasn’t anything she could do about it.
It seemed like time had stopped at the hospital.  Would eight o’clock never come? Stacey kept looking at the clock and Alyson noticed. “What’s up with you and the clock watch?” she asked snidely.
Stacey answered her curtly, “I just have plans tonight, that’s all.”
“With Nick no doubt.” The sarcasm in her voice was dripping acid.
It angered Stacey. “No actually not with Nick.  Not that it’s any of your business.  You know Alyson, I did warn you what Nick was like. Why do you constantly take his use of you out on me?”
She just turned and walked off in a huff.  Stacey sighed deeply, saddened by the situation. That was one thing she would definitely ask Mrs. Horowitz. Why do women blame other women, when they let themselves be used?  She truly did not understand why Alyson was mad at her. 
She didn’t have time to wonder about it as a new patient was brought into the ER. It was a young girl who had been hit by a car. The driver in that accident came in the next ambulance so her time was no longer her own to ponder the battle of the sexes.
At 7:30, just when Stacey could see the light at the end of the tunnel of this endless day, she felt her phone buzz in her pocket. She answered it not knowing whose number it was and was pleasantly surprised to hear Stefan’s voice on the end of the line. “Stacey, hi this is Stefan.” 
She could hear the smile in her own voice as she responded, “Oh hi Stefan!” 
But the smile vanished quickly. “Stacey I am so sorry, but I am going to have to cancel on you tonight.”
The disappointment was overwhelming. Stacey really felt like an idiot. Here she was thinking that she was in love; that at the very least he was attracted to her, and now at the first opportunity to get to know her better he was already making excuses not to spend time with Stacey.  How could she be so stupid?
The tears were stinging her eyes as she retorted quickly, “Came to your senses, huh?”  
“No, that’s not it.” He was quick to respond.  “We’re just having a bit of an emergency with my mom. No one seems to know where she is.”
Stacey felt terrible. She had jumped to an entirely wrong conclusion. “What can I do to help?”
“We’re forming a search party. We are just going from door to door around the nursing home, hoping someone has seen her.” His voice was tight with stress.
“I’d be happy to join if you need an extra hand.”  Stacey said softly.
“I won’t turn down any help.” He gave Stacey the address to the extended care facility where his mother had disappeared from and where everyone was gathering to start the search.
Stacey called Nick. “Nick, did you hear about Stefan’s mom?” 
“No, what’s up? Oh hold on. That’s Stefan calling me now. Hold on Stacey.”
During the pause when Nick had Stacey on hold; she was checking out at the front nurse’s station.  It was close enough to eight o’clock. She signed out and let the head nurse on duty know that she had an emergency to deal with. She practically ran to her car. The phone beeped back it was Nick.
“You’re on your way?” he asked concerned. “Can you come by and scoop me up since it’s on the way?”
“Of course I’ll be there in 15 minutes.” Stacey put her phone in her purse and focused on the drive to pick up Nick.
When she arrived Nick was standing on the corner. He got in the car and they were on their way. They were silent the entire way, each lost in their own thoughts. She was really worried about Stefan. Dementia was a hard thing to watch your parent go through. She couldn’t imagine the stress this was causing him.
They pulled up to the nursing home and several of the police cars were leaving. Nick got out and flagged down Stefan. “What can we do to help man?” They embraced in a one armed hug.
“I am so grateful you came to help, man.” Stefan looked at Stacey and said, “Thank you both for coming. Here’s a picture of my mom that you can show to people. She was wearing a white jogging suit and a yellow baseball hat. We’ve got a map here of areas that are being searched. We are trying to go door to door in 6 block increments. Once those have been searched, groups come back for a different grid to search. You guys can canvas this area, grid 24. If you hear anything, please call.” 
The sun had set and it made doing the search so much harder. Nick and Stacey went door to door asking people if they had seen Stefan’s mom. They had been walking the search grid area and Nick was telling Stacey another story of when he and Stefan were kids. “I wish you could have known her when Mrs. Spencer was young Stacey. They had the perfect family. You could tell that they were in love. And she was always doing things for all the kids in the neighborhood. She would whoop you just like you were her own kid. ‘It takes a village’ she would always say. It’s just so hard to believe that she has deteriorated like this. Not to know where she is has got to have Stefan scared witless.”
“He definitely has a hard road ahead with this illness,” Stacey added. “But she is in a good facility. Some of the nurses from the hospital moonlight over here.  I only hear good things about this place, which is a blessing. I have heard nightmare stories about other places.”
“It has torn him up that this is what it has come down to. He never wanted to have his mother put away in a home. He says it felt like they were abandoning her.  But his father who has loved that woman all of his life, thinks it’s best. And that’s literally all their lives. They met in the sandbox and have been together since they were toddlers. Stefan said they made the decision as a family to have Mrs. Spencer in a nursing home, but it was after much arguing with his father, Dave. In the end Dave had to admit to Stefan that she just needed more care than he could provide. Even being with her every minute of the day, there was always something that got neglected which would have been a detriment to her health.  She has lucid moments when she understands why she’s there in the nursing home, but other moments when she doesn’t.”
Nick was silent and Stacey thought about what he said. She wondered out loud, “Nick what if she just left to go home?” 
“Surely someone would have thought of that?” Nick said hesitantly.  
“Well this is the last house in our grid to search. Why don’t we just go towards their house and take some back roads and see if we see her. She may have just wanted to go home and got turned around.” “Besides,” Stacey said, “I can’t bear to report back to Stefan empty handed. He just looked so worn out.”
“Yeah, I agree.” said Nick. 
Since Nick knew the neighborhood where they had grown up Stacey let him drive so that he could find the little nooks and crannies that Sophia Spencer may have ventured towards. They were driving slowly trying to see if there was anything to be seen, the darkness didn’t help.  “Maybe we should get out and show her picture around here to see if someone has seen her,” Nick suggested.
Stacey turned to answer him and saw a flash of white behind them.  “Stop the car Nick. I think I may have seen something.”
Stacey got out of the car and looked where she had seen the white.  Nick was behind her. “What did you see?”
“Stefan said she was wearing a white jogging suit. I just thought I saw something white over behind this house, but I’m not sure.”  Stacey went through the gate with Nick close behind her and saw a woman lying on the ground. Nick flew past her, “Mrs. Spencer! Are you alright?”
She was unconscious. Stacey knelt beside them and took her pulse.  It was good and strong. She did a cursory examination and found a lump on the side of her head. “She must have fallen and hit her head.” Stacey pulled out her phone and called 911. When she hung up with them, she called Stefan.  
“Stefan, it’s me Stacey. We found your mom. She’s OK.” Nick was smiling at Stacey as he held Mrs. Spencer and he shouted, “Stacey found her man!” 
“Thank you!” The relief in Stefan’s voice was evident. “Oh my God thank you.  I can’t thank you enough.”
“It was just luck and a guardian angel, no doubt. Stefan. No need to thank me.  The ambulance is on its way. I can hear the sirens already.  We’ll meet you at the hospital.” When the EMT’s arrived Stacey gave them the update on her condition and they loaded her into the ambulance. Stacey turned to Nick and said, “Nick you should ride with her. Just in case she comes to, she’ll have a familiar face to see.”
He nodded and hopped in.  Stacey got into her car. She was so relieved for Stefan.  She was sure that Mrs. Spencer was going to be OK. She might have a concussion, but other than that she would be alright.  It could have been a lot worse. You see so many reports on the news about elderly missing. Stacey was always sympathetic, but this just made such a deep impact on her. And Stacey didn’t even know her.  But Sophia Spencer was connected to her Stefan, so that made her important to Stacey.
What’s with the possessive pronoun?  Where had that thought come from?  She really did need to get a grip on her emotions where this man was concerned. His mother was the priority right now. Everything else could wait. Her head was saying that, but her heart was just yearning to be alone with him. To make all of his worries go away. For them to be able to just focus on one another. 
Stacey had watched his face when he was giving them instructions on where to search.  He was just so closed off and scared. Stacey was hurting for him. He was doing the man thing. Being brave on the outside, but she felt that on the inside he was at a breaking point. 
Her foot unconsciously depressed further on the accelerator. She was anxious to get to the hospital to check on Mrs. Spencer and to also see Stefan. 
Once she parked her car, she checked with the head nurse to see where they had taken Mrs. Spencer.
Stacey saw Nick and Stefan in the waiting area outside her room.  Stefan immediately pulled Stacey into an embrace. “Thank you so much for finding my mother.” He squeezed hard. “Nick told me how you spotted her. I will be forever grateful to you.”
“You’re welcome Stefan.” She was enjoying his embrace, but embarrassed by the praise. She never took a compliment well.  
“How is she?  Has she regained consciousness yet?” Stacey asked.
“Yeah, my dad’s in with her now. She doesn’t remember anything. The doctor’s say she has a concussion and they are going to keep her overnight for observation. But she’s going to be OK. And that’s thanks to you and Nick.  Thank you again.” 
All this time he hadn’t let Stacey out of his embrace and it made her nervous. She stepped away from the warmth of his lean body and felt his absence like a chill down her spine. She must have shivered because Nick pulled off his jacket and placed it over her shoulders. 
Stacey placed her hand on Nick’s shoulders to thank him for his thoughtfulness. At that moment Alyson walked by, caught sight of them and misinterpreted the situation. She stepped in front of Stacey and said snidely, “I thought you weren’t involved that way with Nick?”
Before Stacey could answer, both Nick and Stefan positioned themselves in front of her in a clearly defensive position. Stefan was first to exclaim, “Excuse me?” But Nick was quickly behind Stefan saying, “Whoa, Alyson you need to take it down a notch.”
Stacey stared at their backs incredulously. They were defending her. It would have been funny had they not been here under such terrible circumstances. She told Alyson to back off that now wasn’t the time, but both men kept their defensive stance in front of her.
Alyson looked at both men and turned around and walked off in a huff. As she retreated she mumbled, but loud enough for everyone to hear, “How does a nothing girl like that get two hot guys interested in her?”
Stacey was extremely embarrassed, but put that aside to make sure her little tantrum hadn’t upset Stefan. He already had enough on his plate. “I hope Alyson didn’t upset you Stefan. She is a little bitter about her break up with Nick.”
Nick turned to Stacey. “Well to be fair it’s not just me.  She’s just crazy jealous of you. Surely you realize she is just green with envy?”
“What should she be jealous about?” She was clearly in the dark.
“Woman, you never cease to amaze me on how you undervalue your worth. You’re beautiful, talented and caring. Any woman would want to be you. All Alyson ever did was gripe about how you were too perfect and how you were the staff doctors favorite nurse.”  Nick was shaking his head, “It’s the main reason why I didn’t continue to see her. Contrary to popular belief I do try to develop relationships with the women I sleep with. But for the 3 dates we had it was always Stacey this and Stacey that. I couldn’t take her always being so negative where you are concerned.” He lifted her chin and said, “Watch your back with her Stacey May.”
Stacey could feel Stefan watching them, but he made no comment.
Just then the doctor came out of Mrs. Spencer’s room with Mr. Spencer following. Mr. Spencer was speaking, “Thank you so much Dr. Weber, I really appreciate all you’ve done for Sophia.” The doctor and Mr. Spencer shook hands and Mr. Spencer walked toward Stefan. He walked up to Stefan and embraced his son.  They were the same height. They had the same dark coloring and build. You could definitely tell they were related.
“How is she doing dad?” Stefan asked.
“She’s fine son.  It’s just a concussion. They are going to keep her overnight for observation.”
“Dad,” Stefan turned towards Stacey. “Let me introduce you to Stacey. She is the one who found mom along with Nick. Stacey this is my father, Dave Spencer.”
“Nice to meet you Mr. Spencer.” Stacey held out her hand to shake Mr. Spencer’s hand and instead he pulled her into a hug. “Thank you so much Stacey.  And please call me Dave. You can’t know what a relief it was to find out Sophia had been found safely. “
Stacey stepped away from him and said, “No thanks are necessary, I am just happy that Nick and I were able to find her and that she is OK.”
Dave turned back to his son. “Son, why don’t you go to see your mom so she knows that you’re here?”
Stefan turned and started walking towards his mother’s hospital room. He paused and turned back and looked at Stacey. “Can you wait? Please?”
His eyes seemed to smolder with an intensity that burned her to the spot. “Of course,” Stacey said.
Stefan went into Mrs. Spencer’s room. Dave, Nick and Stacey turned and walked back to the chairs in the waiting area.
“So Mr. Spencer,” Stacey began to say, but he cut her off.
“Dave.” He said.
“Dave,” she acknowledged and continued. “Nick was telling me that you and Mrs. Spencer have known each other since you were toddlers.”
Dave chuckled softly. “Yeah, we were in the same kindergarten class and played in the sandbox together. I always knew she was the one, even when I was pouring sand over her head or stealing the Twinkies from her lunch box.  She is an amazing woman. Even now in this decline I can still see glimpses of her sparkle.”
His eyes held sadness that Stacey understood all too well. The dementia was claiming his love and it would not get any better. It may be manageable but it was probably just going to get worse.
Stacey wanted to take away that sadness from the eyes that were very much like Stefan’s eyes. “Tell me about her.”
He smiled. “She is such a spitfire. She taught high school up until a few years ago. She always loved kids. It’s a shame that we couldn’t have more than Stefan.  She was always the neighborhood mom. Which is how we came to know this scoundrel here,” he laughed putting an arm around Nick. 
“You would be hard pressed to find a better lady than my wife. She loves life and takes everyone she knows to her bosom, even when it hasn’t been the wisest thing to do. She would often tell me after being burned by some person she had taken in, which happened more often than I wished; she would say that it didn’t matter. What mattered to her was that person left knowing someone in the world cared. That someone, even if it was just one person, was in their life that knew it wasn’t about an angle. And many times that person who misused her would turn around and come back into her life and she would still treat them with an open heart. I don’t know anyone who has the capacity to give of herself like my Sophia.
“Stacey comes in a close second Dave,” Nick said as he rose. “Can I get you something from the cafeteria? “
Dave answered, “A cup of coffee would be great.”
“Bottled water, please?” Stacey asked.
“Sure thing,” Nick answered as he walked away.
Dave looked at Stacey. “That’s a high commendation especially coming from Nick.”
“I’m afraid he has me on a pedestal. But the feeling is mutual. He’s my best friend, so he may be a little biased.” She added with a grin.  Trying to steer the conversation away from unnecessary compliments she asked, “And what do you do for a living Dave?”
“I am a patent attorney. I don’t do anything exciting. It’s just a job to put food on the table. But I am passionate about travel and my job affords us to be able to do just that. Each year we take two trips. One trip is always to somewhere in the U.S. and then the other trip anywhere abroad.”
“Well that sounds very exciting,” Stacey exclaimed.
“I love to go any and everywhere.  Sophia was always able to go with me because of not working in the summer. I don’t think we’ll be able to do the trip we had planned this year.”  He said sadly.
“Where were you planning on going?” She encouraged him to keep talking.
“We were going to do Mt. Fuji in Japan,” he said.
“Wow. That sounds really awesome. I have never been out of the U.S.,” she stated. 
“Is there anywhere in particular you would like to go?” He asked genuinely interested.
“I guess Hawaii,” Stacey said thoughtfully. “But that’s not outside the U.S. Maybe Italy? Doesn’t everybody want to go there?”
“But not you?” Dave surmised.
“I’m kind of a homebody, but the idea of traveling sounds fun. But what do you do once you get there?”
Dave clucked his tongue, “We need to broaden your horizons young lady. There is so much to do anywhere you go. Why right here in our little corner of the world there is so much that you can do, see and explore.”
Stacey laughed, “It sounds tiring.”
“There is nothing better than being bone tired at the end of a good day exploring. Sophia always likes to visit the little curio shops that she has scouted out. She is a bit of a pack rat.  Our home has so many knick knacks all over the place. But that’s the way she likes it. If it’s too neat, then it feels like no one lives there; like it’s not a home.  Or at least that’s the way Sophia feels about it.”
“And you?” she asked.
“I like whatever makes her happy. But of course it wasn’t that easy during the early years of our marriage.” He laughed softly. “I remember she moved back home with her parents after we fought over the fact that she didn’t put a book back on the shelf in alphabetical order.  I got over that real quick.  I definitely figured out it was easier to be with her and her clutter than to be without her and have a neat place.”
“Really? You fought over a book out of place on the bookshelf?” Stacey asked laughing.
“Silly right?  But it seemed so important to me at the time.  Like she wasn’t respecting the way I did things. But you learn very quickly when you’re married that your wife is always right.  It’s as simple as that.”
They were both laughing at his avowal when Stefan came out from his mother’s room.
They stood. Dave walked towards Stefan and asked, “How is she doing?”
Stefan smiled, “She is fine. I left her sleeping dad.”
“Which is what you should do, go home Stefan. It’s pretty late. Come back tomorrow son.”
Stefan opened his mouth to argue, but thought better of it. “Sure dad, whatever you say.”
He turned to Stacey “Hey I am so sorry about our plans for the evening. Do you think we could reschedule for another time?”
“Of course, don’t give it a second thought.” Stacey said.
“May I see you home?” Stefan asked.
He was staring intently into her eyes. Stacey felt the magnetic pull between them. She was vaguely aware of Dave saying goodbye and going towards Sophia’s room.  But she was too caught up in Stefan’s eyes to be able to muster up a response to his exit. “I would love it.”  Stacey whispered to Stefan.
They turned to walk towards the parking lot, when Nick walked up with a bottle of water and a cup of coffee. Stacey had completely forgotten about Nick!
“Hey, your mom doing OK?” Nick asked, not knowing they both had forgotten about him and were about to leave.
Stefan looked at Stacey and they both knew they had forgotten Nick and burst out laughing. Nick looked bewildered. His expression just made it even funnier.  Stacey thought it was the release that Stefan needed and she was so happy to hear the rich sound of his laughter; it made her laugh harder. She felt as light as a helium balloon being released towards the heavens.  She even felt a little light headed.  This man has such an effect on me!
Stefan pulled in a deep breath to steady himself and answered Nick. “Yeah man, she’s sleeping right now. My dad is going to stay with her.  I was about to see Stacey home.” He again focused his gaze on Stacey and she could see the laughter still there in his eyes.
It didn’t take long for Nick to see the situation. They all lived within a couple of blocks from one another so it wasn’t a big deal, when she told Nick to take her car and she would ride with Stefan. Stefan looked surprised at her suggestion, almost as if he expected that she would have backed out going with him to make sure Nick got home.  Stacey could be misreading the situation, but that is definitely the impression that she was getting from him.  She was very happy to surprise him, and was anxious to be alone with him.  This time she would be more composed and could actually be more coherent with him.
They said their goodbyes to Nick as he dropped off the coffee to Dave in Sophia’s room.
Stefan and Stacey walked to his car.  He opened the passenger door, she got in and he closed the door. She was excited for a chance to be alone with him.  If they got to spend more time together she could figure out what it was about him that made her feel so off balance.  Was she really in love? Surely once she saw all of his flaws she wouldn’t be this enamored.  But then panic set in, because what if the more time he spent with her, he saw her flaws and wouldn’t want to continue to see her?
Stacey wouldn’t let that thought dominate her brain.  Calm, cool and collected were the words of the day. So what could she say that would have him come away thinking she was the most sexy desirable woman he had ever known?  Ha! Not likely in her scrubs, hair pulled back in a ponytail and no makeup whatsoever.
Ugh! This was completely hopeless. But in the short term, Stacey thought they could be friends.  That was something she knew how to do. And it was a comforting thought. Centering on that line of thinking she decided to just be herself.  How silly she was being. But she really just didn’t know what to say to men.  She never had anyone really interested in her like that. 
Her thoughts were racing a mile a minute and the silence that seemed comfortable between them, now felt strained.  Now is the time to start the conversation she thought. “Your dad was telling me about all of the traveling that he and your mom do.”
“Yes,” Stefan chuckled. “My dad definitely has a case of wanderlust. They have been all over the world. And they don’t just go to the expensive resort type locations. They like to visit the hut at the end of the world in Timbuktu. My favorite trips have always been to places here in the U.S.”
“Really? That surprises me.  I would have thought that you would enjoy the more exotic locations more.” Stacey asked amazed.
He responded, “I think it had more to do with me than the location. I am more of a hearth and home type guy. I know they loved to go and do and see, but me I was much happier when I could just sit back with my nose in a book. But it makes for great stories. I have had more experiences because of my parents than most people have had in a lifetime.” 
Intrigued she asked, “So is there no place that you would visit again?”
Stefan shook his head, “Don’t get me wrong I really do appreciate all the travel I’ve done in my life, but I’d really be happy not to get on another plane again in my life.”
Stacey laughed, “You don’t like to fly?”
“No I always have such problems with ear pressure.  I’ve tried all the tricks that they advise you to do and nothing helps.” 
“Gum?”
“Yeah, no that just makes my jaws tired.” 
Stacey laughed, “That’s too bad.  I know that can be really uncomfortable.  I haven’t done much in the way of travel.  When I told that to your dad, he looked at me like I was a heathen that needed converting.”
Stefan laughed, “Yeah, he believes everyone should see outside their own immediate surroundings.”
“So I know you don’t like to travel, but surely there is a place you’ve been to that is worth visiting twice?” she asked.
“Sure,” Stefan answered. “There are some very beautiful places that I’ve visited. Greece is especially gorgeous. If there is a draw for me it’s the rich histories that some of these places have.  America is such a young country; you just don’t get that sense of how old the world is.  But go to the Parthenon and you are hit with it.”
They were already at Stacey’s apartment. The time had flown by so fast. She didn’t want it to end. “Would you like to come in for a glass of wine?” The impulse to ask was spontaneous, so she had no time to censor it. Stacey now held her breath for his response.
“I would love to,” he answered.
Stacey felt like doing jumping jacks in her seat.  She kept her enthusiasm in check.  She directed him to where to park. They walked into her place.  Stacey put her purse down and handed him a bottle of wine to open. She excused herself to go to the restroom. Once away from him she worried. Did he think she was inviting him to have sex?  Oh how did she get herself into this situation? Now if she came out in her nightgown that certainly wasn’t going to entice him since they are all flannel gowns.  But if she came out in her sweats, that’s no better.
She quickly used the restroom, brushed her teeth, ran a comb through her hair and decided on a tank top and a pair of running shorts.  Not a frumpy look, but also not a come hither look.
“I hope I didn’t keep you waiting too long. I just wanted to get comfy.  Come sit and tell me about your mom.” She said leading him to the sofa.
He said, “I’d rather talk about you.”
This threw her off.  She figured as long as she kept plying him with questions that she would be able to keep the conversation going smoothly. What could she possibly say that would be of interest to him? Be myself. She had to keep telling herself that. Either he would like her or he wouldn’t. What did she want him to know about her?
“Well, what do you know about me?” Stacey asked.
Stefan started thoughtfully, “Nick has nothing but glowing things to say about you.  You’re a nurse and you’re a very caring person. Nick seems to think you’re the second coming of Mother Theresa.”
Stacey laughed. “Well I am sure you’re exaggerating. But for my part, I guess I can say that I’ve been shown much kindness in my life and I do what I can to repay it. I had leukemia as a child, so I try not to take one single day of my life for granted. “
Stefan said, “So we have established you’re a caretaker. And almost a saint, especially for putting up with Nick.  But what do you do for fun?”
“Hmm… Not sure about that one.  I’ve got a pretty full routine to my days. When I’m not at work I’m volunteering for Meals on Wheels, helping Mrs. Horowitz or hanging with Nick.  Nick and I will usually just cook and watch a movie before or after his hook ups. Whenever he can fit me in.” Stacey laughed.
“You two have a close relationship. I can’t decide whether or not to be jealous.” Stefan said thoughtfully.
“Well I have seen Nick have trouble with women he’s seeing because of how close we are.  But I have never had sex with him.  He really is just my best friend.  I love him and he’s a priority, but I’m not in love with him. I know a lot of people have a hard time trying to define our relationship. Sometimes it’s hard to explain it to someone else.” Stacey paused and Stefan was staring into her eyes again, it made it hard to think.
“My question is do you feel this too?” Stacey was scared to have voiced the question. But it was too late to take it back now.
“Yeah, I feel it too. It’s kind of crazy.” Stefan looked like he wanted to kiss her.  They leaned into each other, but then he pulled back. “I just don’t want to rush into anything.”
Stacey felt deflated. He doesn’t want me?
“Don’t look so crushed. I am into you just as much as you are into me.  I can feel this pull when I’m with you and since I met you 24 hours ago, I can’t think of anyone else but you. I just think we should take it slow.  I have never felt this kind of pull with anyone and it’s a little overwhelming.”
“Boy,” Stacey said “you have been picking the thoughts right out of my brain. I have been feeling so drawn to you that I didn’t understand it.  But I definitely would like to explore it.  I don’t have much experience in the romance department, so I think I might be a little insecure. So please be patient with me.”
Stacey couldn’t make eye contact with him as she said this, and he picked up her chin, looked her directly in the eye and said, “You can trust me Stacey.  I am a good guy. We’ll go slowly until we figure this thing out, alright?”
“Alright,” Stacey was relieved. He got up from the sofa.
“So.” Stefan asked, “When can we reschedule our date?”
“Just say when and I’m there.” Stacey said eagerly.
“Well I really want to have this famous spaghetti you’re bragging about, so how about tomorrow?” He asked hopefully.
“I actually don’t have to work tomorrow. So if you want we could make a full day of it.” Stacey suggested hoping she didn’t sound desperate.
He smiled broadly. “I like that plan even better.” 
He stood up to leave and Stacey stood up with him. He held her hand as they walked to the door. He opened the door and kissed the back of her hand.  If she hadn’t been supporting her weight on the door she probably would have sunk to her knees. It wasn’t a big gesture, but it just hit her as so romantic.
He looked into her eyes, “I look forward to spending the day with you tomorrow Stacey.” He walked out the door.
Stacey watched him walk towards where his car was parked.  He turned, looked back and waved.  Embarrassed to be caught staring after him, she waved weakly back and closed the door. 
Wow, that had gone exceptionally well.  She felt tingly all over. She felt like Wonder Woman.  She did the spin in the middle of her living room and laughed out loud at her silliness.
But then she started to think about what to do tomorrow. Anxiety suddenly filled her. What could they do for a whole day?  She didn’t know anything about his interests to know what kinds of things he would like to do for a day.  Oh I am a total idiot.  How could she plan a day without knowing what he likes?
Oh but would he think that as the man, he needs to plan everything? She was totally panicking.  Nick!  He will know what to do!
Stacey picked up the phone and called. “Hey Nick.”
“Hey Stacey May.” He answered. “I am surprised to hear from you tonight.  I was sure that you and Stefan would be otherwise occupied by now. At least judging from the scorching looks you two were giving each other at the hospital.”
“Well, we decided to take things slowly.” Stacey answered.
Nick laughed, “He really must like you, which I am fortified to hear. Don’t want to have to fight my oldest friend over your honor.”
“Ha, ha, ha.” Stacey said sarcastically.  “That would be a nightmare. And you have to promise me you wouldn’t ever do that Nick.”
“Nope, I reserve the right to defend you no matter who it is against.” Nick said.
“You’re not making me feel any better Nick.” She answered.
“Too bad, it’s just the way it is.” Nick said with laughter in his voice.  He was enjoying teasing her way too much.
“Back to the matter at hand.” Stacey said hoping to head off the next joke that was surely to come out of his mouth.
“Yes. Do tell.” Nick said.
She took a deep breath. “So I have plans with Stefan tomorrow.  We are going to spend the whole day together.”
Nick interrupted, “Well that doesn’t sound like a problem.”
Impatiently Stacey answered, “No that’s not the problem.  The problem is I have known this guy for 24 hours, feel like I’m head over heels in love, don’t know a thing about how to date, let alone how to make a good impression on this guy. I don’t even know what his interests are to be able to plan a day for him.”
“Well first thing Stacey May, calm down.” Nick said patiently. “Let’s take this slow and logically.” 
“I am listening.” Stacey said with hostility, feeling that Nick was not understanding the severity of the situation.
“So you don’t have to work to make a good impression on Stefan. You’re amazing, so just be yourself and as far as I can see, he likes you too, so this is nothing to stress about.” Nick continued. “It doesn’t matter how long you’ve known him. You’re a great judge of character. Trust that, trust your instincts and trust your heart.”
She was beginning to calm down listening to Nick.  He always knew the right thing to say.
He continued, “I can tell you some things that he likes to do, but then he would wonder how you know what he likes.  I am not sure you want to go down that path. If my relationships are any indicator you may have trouble with jealousy over our relationship. So you will want to leave me out the equation for the time being. And definitely you don’t want to have come to me for advice on something involving him. It goes against the testosterone code.”
Stacey was nodding her head, but he couldn’t see that, so she interjected, “You’re right! I should have thought of that.”
“But, between you and me, he loves books, and board games.  Grisham is his favorite novelist. He’s loves music of all kinds, except country music.  He likes sports, but he’s not super fanatic about any arena over another.”
“Thanks Nick,” she said really appreciating his insight.
“Just remember,” he said. “You never heard anything from me.”
“Well this just gives me a starting point, so I really do appreciate you.” Stacey said sincerely.
He chuckled softly, “Anything for you Stacey May. Now I’m going to call it a night. Call me if you need anything.”
“Right.  Will do. Thanks again Nick.  I feel much better.” Stacey hung up truly feeling better. Her head was spinning with ideas on what to do for a day with Stefan. She was so excited she felt like a kid at Christmas. She felt like there was no way she would be able to sleep tonight. 
Stacey settled into her bed with a pad and paper writing out different options on how the day would go.  Different combinations of activities that would all lead back to dinner at her place; where she would wow him with her famous spaghetti. It would be their first date and she wanted it to go off without a hitch. 
But she would definitely let him take the lead if he showed signs of having thought out a plan himself. She laughed at her diagram and how convoluted she was making a simple date. Nick would definitely laugh at her.
Nick’s words came back to mind now. How would Stacey handle it if Stefan showed real signs of jealousy? Many times Nick had sacrificed a relationship he was in because the women in question felt threatened by their closeness.  And then you add the male possessiveness factor into it, then you have a real possibility of a situation going really wrong.
Stacey would not want a riff in Nick’s and Stefan’s relationship. That would be terrible.  She really did need to tread carefully. Nick and Stacey were so ingrained into one an other's lives that it was easy for him to dominate any conversation she had.  Because he led a much more interesting life by default than hers was the main reason. But the other reason was that she just liked to talk about him because she liked him so much.
Was it really so strange to have a platonic relationship with a man? Nick was so beautiful; she’d have to be dead not to notice how attractive he was. But she never felt the nuclear hot attraction with him as she immediately felt with Stefan. 
Stefan was gorgeous in his own right. He was the epitome of tall, dark and handsome. Dave looked like he was maybe African American or East Indian, she couldn’t be sure.  Stefan had a lot of his mother in his features as well. Beautiful couple and they produced a beautiful son.
But comparing the two impartially, Nick was the more attractive of the two men. But Stefan definitely was no slouch. Stacey laughed out loud at the thought of comparing these two guys. They would both probably start preening.  
Stefan flirted outrageously with her and it made her feel special. Just thinking about him made her smile.
Stacey definitely was looking forward to spending the day with him now that her case of the nerves had passed.
The thought of what to wear tomorrow passed fleetingly through her mind, but the haze of sleep was claiming her and she let it.
Tomorrow was another day to figure all that out.

Chapter 2
Stacey could hear the birds chirping outside. She opened one eye and saw the sun streaming in through her bedroom window. She rolled over and was stabbed by the pen she had left in her bed with the pad of paper she had used for writing down date ideas with Stefan.
Stacey got up started a pot of coffee and jumped in the shower. As she was getting out of the shower she heard the phone ringing. She ran to answer it. “Hello.”
“Morning Stacey May!” It was Nick.
“Hey you.  Thanks again for last night.” Stacey said as she towel dried her hair.
“I figured you would now be obsessing about something else, so I’m making the preemptive strike. What panic attack can I help with this morning?” His rich chuckle sounded over the line.
“Well,” Stacey said hesitantly. She was slightly annoyed that he was right and she was tempted not to ask his advice, but was grateful for his call. “OK, what do I wear?”
“Hmm,” he said thoughtfully. “And I think I’m actually turning into a girl as I say this. But it really does depend on what you guys do, doesn’t it? And since you don’t know yet, you’ve got to strike a balance between fun, flirty, sexy and functional. What time is he coming by?”
“We didn’t set a time,” she said frowning. “I figured if I didn’t hear from him by 9 a.m. that I would call and start the ball rolling.”
“Well it’s 7:30 now,” Nick stated. “Maybe I should come by and look through your closet?”
“I don’t know Nick,” Stacey said. “I don’t want him to come by early and find me in my robe again with you.”
“You’re right,” Nick quickly asserted. “Well let me think.”
For the next 15 minutes Stacey pulled out items from her closet, described them to Nick and he gave her the thumbs down for each clothing item she described.
Finally he exclaimed, “I know exactly what you should wear! I bought you a blouse for Christmas two years ago that will be perfect.”
Stacey knew immediately what blouse he was talking about. She groaned inwardly. When he had given it to her, he said she had to wear it to show off her assets sometime. When she had tried it on, it had a much too plunging neckline for her taste. Stacey knew Nick was trying to be helpful but she just didn’t think she had the confidence to pull off such a daring outfit, which is why it was still in the box it had come in.
Nick laughed, “I can hear the wheels in your mind turning all the way over here Stacey May. I promise, you can pull off that top. Pair it with some jeans and some flippy sandals.”
“Pull off that top?” Stacey groaned. “Doesn’t wearing something like this say I am desperate? Like I’m flaunting myself for sex?”
Nick chuckled, “Only you would think so Stacey.  It really isn’t as provocative as you think. You trust me right?”
Groaning loader now she answered, “You know I do.”
“Then wear the outfit.” With that he hung up the phone.
Stacey put on the outfit Nick had suggested and felt like a different person. She hardly ever wore her hair down, but after blow drying it straight, it looked so full of body and bounce just like a shampoo commercial, so she left it alone.
Stacey seldom wore make up. She worked too hard in a day to be worried about re-applying various cosmetic products, but today she put on a touch of lip gloss to her full lips. 
She stared back at the reflection in the mirror and felt like a different person.  And this person looked at the clock and it was well after 9 a.m.
It was time to pluck up the courage to give Stefan a call. She picked up her cell phone to call him, when there was a knock on the door.
She took a deep breath and went to answer the door. It was Stefan. When she opened the door, she thanked Nick in her head silently. The expression on Stefan’s face was priceless. 
Stefan actually stuttered, “Y-y-you look amazing!” 
His eyes roamed over her body several times before he found her eyes.
Stacey blushed hotly. She was very pleased with his assessment of her appearance, and just as pleased with his. He was wearing a pair of jeans as well with a t-shirt that clung to his lean muscles, and over that he had on a black blazer. They were very well matched. Again she thanked Nick silently.
She invited him in and he stood in the doorway locked in place for a good twenty seconds before he moved.  It seemed very much like something she would have done; that made her feel good and very confident.  He did like her as much as she liked him.
“So,” Stacey asked.  “What is on the agenda for the day?”
“Well, have you ever done Hidden Brook Winery in Leesburg, Virginia?” he asked.
“Oh!” Stacey exclaimed. “Dr. Landis was just talking about that the other day. It sounds wonderful. Let me get my purse. I am ready to go.”
As she turned to go get her purse she spotted her casserole carrier and it hit her that she needed to see Mrs. Horowitz.
She was shocked that she had totally forgotten her. “Stefan I need to do something first, do you mind?”
“Sure, no problem. What do you need to do?” he asked.
“I take care of my mother’s best friend, Mrs. Horowitz. She had hip replacement surgery and has been having difficulty recovering. I just need to pull out a casserole and I can heat it up at her place.  You’ll love her. She is a great lady.”
“You just have casseroles ready to go at a moment’s notice?” Stefan inquired.
“I love to cook and knowing that I have several people to cook for, I tend to take my day off and do a bunch and freeze them.” Stacey answered.
Shaking his head Stefan said, “See I’m already learning about you. So who else do you provide food for?”
Stacey shrugged her shoulders, “I have a rotating group of people. I am a feeder. As you can tell I love food.” She patted her jean clad hips. “And I hate the thought of anyone going hungry. So I volunteer for Meals on Wheels. But I also work with my church and feed whoever they ask me to.”
“What church do you go to?” Stefan asked.
As she pulled a dish out of the freezer she answered, “St. Patrick’s Catholic Church.”
Smiling Stefan said, “Ah, a good Catholic girl. My mom will be very happy.”
“You’re Catholic?” Stacey asked. 
“Born and raised.  I attend Holy Trinity with my folks,” he said. “When I was living in New York I had trouble finding a church I enjoyed as much as my home parish, but ended up visiting a lot of ones that I liked.  I am really glad to be back at home.”
“How was living in New York?  I have never been.” She said putting fruit into a Tupperware bowl to take along.
“Not to be cliché, but it really is a rat race there. The pace is killer. But I love the art and history that surround the city. I can get that here in D.C. as well so it wasn’t a hardship to move back home. In fact, I toyed with the idea of doing a museum day, but when I saw your heels, I thought that would not be a good idea.” He said chuckling.
Stacey had the food ready to go so she grabbed her big purse and opened it to show him inside was a pair of shoes. “I am prepared for all eventualities.”
He laughed and he took the pan from her hands and opened the front door.
They arrived at Mrs. Horowitz and Stacey let them in saying, “You decent?  I have a man with me.”
Peeking around the corner Mrs. Horowitz said, “Boy you sure do! Who is this fine specimen of the male breed?”
Stacey laughed, “Mrs. Horowitz this is Stefan Spencer. “
She appraised him frankly, “You sure do know all the gorgeous guys. This one is almost as handsome as that Nick.”
Stacey cringed at her statement and peeked at Stefan to see how he was taking the comparison.
He laughed as he was shaking her hand, “I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard that in my life.  Nick is my best friend.  We grew up together.”
“Well where have you been all my life, Handsome?” She pulled him and kissed him flat on the cheek.
“I got here as fast as I could.” He laughed again.
Stacey went and put the casserole in the oven.  She could hear Stefan and Mrs. Horowitz laughing together. He had her as giddy as a school girl. It was nice to see how easy he was with her.
As Stacey came out of the kitchen she could hear Mrs. Horowitz asking, “So what are your plans for the day?”
He looked up at Stacey and winked. “I am planning on sweeping this beautiful lady off her feet.  What do you think my chances are with her?”
“Don’t know Stefan. We had plans today to straighten out the mysteries of life between the sexes. But something tells me she’ll get better hands on experience with you than my crusty old words. You just be careful with my girl.  She’s the keeping kind.” Mrs. Horowitz was smiling but you could hear an underlying seriousness in her tone.
Stefan put his hand over his heart. “I have nothing but honorable intentions towards her ma’am. I can tell that she is precious cargo.”
All this talk was beginning to make Stacey feel uncomfortable. “Sitting right here guys, exactly right here.”
They both laughed at her, but she took it in stride.  She knew exactly how this was going to go down. He was going to charm the pants off of Mrs. Horowitz and she would just eat it up. 
Her phone rang and Stacey got up and answered it. “Horowitz residence.  Oh, hello Mrs. Jones.  (Pause) Oh I hadn’t heard about that. I am so sorry.  (Pause) No, of course. That won’t be a problem at all. (Pause) Yes I will be sure to tell her. (Pause) Thanks for letting us know.”
Stacey turned to Mrs. Horowitz. “That was Sarah Jones. Her husband George had been in a car accident?
Mrs. Horowitz answered, “Yes, he is supposed to be coming home from the hospital this week.”
Stacey shook her head, “Well there were complications and he died. She was calling to let you know.  But since I answered the phone she asked me to let you know and asked me to go pick up her cousin.”
Stacey turned to Stefan. “I am so sorry, but this is a friend from church. It won’t take long. I promise.”
Stefan said, “No problem.  I am sorry for the death of your friend.  Maybe we should call off our date?”
Stacey thought about that. She really should be there for Mrs. Jones.  She too was a friend of her late mother’s. But she really wanted to have her date with Stefan.  Was it so wrong to want that?  Besides Mrs. Jones wanted her cousin to help her with the arrangements.
Stacey shook her head, “No Stefan. Mrs. Jones’ cousin Barbara is going to be with her to take care of the arrangements. I will cook something for the family tonight and probably spend the next few days helping out.  Today is for us.”
Mrs. Horowitz whooped, “That a girl!  I just knew you were going to call off your date.  I am so proud of you.”
Stacey was proud of herself too.  Mrs. Horowitz was right. If it had been anything else but a date with Stefan she would have dropped everything to help someone in need. This felt strange but really good at the same time.
They said goodbye to Mrs. Horowitz and got in Stefan’s car. She gave him directions to Barbara’s place and they drove in silence for a while.
Then he asked, “So who don’t you take care of Stacey?” 
She laughed. “I think that’s what we as a people, are here for, so I never think of it in those terms.  I just do what is needed. It’s no big deal.”
“You remind me of my mom in some ways.” Stefan said. “She is always taking care of somebody else. You have to be careful to take care of yourself too.”
“I do.” Stacey answered. “But I like to keep busy too.  My mom was always busy. But that was more because she was a single mother. She worked two jobs. She had to in order to pay my medical bills.”
“What did your mother do for a living?” Stefan asked.
“She worked as a cook in the school cafeteria, which I guess is why I learned to cook at an early age. She was definitely a feeder too.” Stacey answered.
“Was? So your mother has passed away?” Stefan asked.
“Yes, she died in her sleep. She had a brain aneurism. The doctors say she probably didn’t feel any pain. So that makes me feel better.  I just wish she could have seen me graduate from school. She was so proud that I was going to be a nurse.” Stacey said wistfully.
“How long ago was that?” he asked.
“It’s been a while now.” She paused. “Or was that your way of asking me how old I am?” She asked.
He laughed. “You caught me. You look so young I would have thought you were in high school.”
She laughed, “Boy you do know how to pour it on thick. Very much like a used car salesman.”
“I’m not sure the comparison is flattering.” He said but she could still hear the laughter in his voice.
“Really, I am just teasing you.” She assured him with a smile.
“But you’re still not telling your age?” he asked.
“There’s no big mystery. I am 28 years old. And every year is a blessing.” Stacey answered proudly.
“I’m 30 and I agree,” he said matching her enthusiasm.
“Turn down this road.” She told him the last few turns to get to Barbara’s house.  They pulled into the driveway and she got out. “I will be right back.”
Stacey sprinted up the sidewalk eager to for this transportation run to be completed so that Stefan and she could officially start their date.  But it was nice just spending time in the car with him. He was just so fun and witty. If she could just make her heart slow down when she looked into his sexy, smoldering eyes, she would be OK.
She knocked on the door and Barbara answered with purse in hand, ready to go. “Hi sweetie. Thanks for coming to get me. What a terrible time for my car to be in the shop.  It won’t be ready until tomorrow. They offered me a loaner, but I thought why on earth would I need to waste the money renting a car, I can just sit at home and save that cash. Now I know.”
Stacey assured her, “It is no problem.”
She saw Stefan’s car and stopped in her tracks. “Who is that?”
Stacey smiled and said proudly, “That’s my date Stefan.”
She hurriedly apologized again. “I’m interrupting a date? I feel terrible.”
“Don’t you dare apologize.” Stacey said as she opened the car door. “Stefan this is Barbara. Barbara this is Stefan.” She let Barbara sit in the front seat.
She was apologizing again. “Caroline never mentioned that you were on a date.  She just said she was sending you to pick me up. Oh how terrible.”
This time Stefan was reassuring her. “Please don’t apologize; it is my pleasure to act as your chauffeur for a few moments. And I’m terribly sorry for the loss your family has suffered.”
Stefan proceeded to put Barbara at ease and had her laughing in a matter of minutes. He really was every bit as charming as Nick. Stacey watched him and was amazed again that he was as interested in her as she was in him. 
Stacey directed him towards Mrs. Jones’ house and listened to him tell Barbara about how his mother had wandered away from her nursing facility and that Stacey had found her. It sounded so dramatic the way he told it. He was giving her way too much credit and she said as much.
But Barbara just shushed her. “I know how you are Stacey; you never take credit for a thing.  Let the man tell the story.”
Stefan smiled at Stacey in the rear view mirror. “The EMT’s were grateful that she had been found by someone who had medical experience. One of them told me horror stories about people actually making injuries worse by interfering with the patient.”
Stacey interjected. “I bet that was Tommy, he has a story for every situation. You have to take what he says with a grain of salt.”
Stefan and Barbara both laughed.
Barbara said, “Well I am glad that your mother was found.  That had to be a frightening situation to be in.”
“Yes it was. I can’t tell you how relieved I was when Stacey called and said that she had found her. I will be forever grateful.” He looked at her again in the rear view mirror. She felt the electric current between them as he stared at her in the mirror.
Boy, that man is sexy. She thought to herself. But it wasn’t just that he was gorgeous as all get out. He was a gentleman, he was smart and he was funny.  She tried to pick a flaw and couldn’t find one.  That’s definitely looking at him with rose colored glasses. She had to be careful not to put him up on a pedestal.
Barbara was telling him to make the last turn onto Mrs. Jones’ street. She turned to Stacey. “I know you’re occupied for the day, but we would love to have you make your eggplant parmesan, you know it’s my favorite.”
“I was going to bring one by tomorrow.” Stacey smiled at her.
Stefan had gotten out of the car and opened the door for Barbara and the back door for Stacey. He saw Barbara to the door as Stacey got in the front seat. From here she could tell that Mrs. Jones was fawning over him as well.
He came back to the car smiling. “What lovely ladies,” he exclaimed.
“Of course you think they are lovely ladies, they are catering to your ego.” Stacey laughed.
He grinned, “Nothing wrong with that from my point of view.”
“So we are off to Virginia now?” She asked anxious to be officially on the date portion of the day.
“Sounds like a plan.” Stefan answered.
They drove away from Mrs. Jones house and Stefan turned on the car stereo. “What kind of music do you like?”
“I am pretty open, or at least I like to think that I am,” she answered.
“So if I put on classical music right now that would be OK?” he asked.
“Well,” Stacey hesitated. “For certain types of music I have to be in certain moods.”
“For example?” he asked.
“Well if I am sitting at home with a good book, classical music is fine.  If I am cleaning house, then I want something peppy that I can bounce around to. Or if I’m out dancing, I like hip-hop. There is a different type of music for every mood.” Stacey answered.
“That makes a lot of sense.” He nodded his head and asked, “So what music is good for a first date? And for an hour on the road music?”
“Well that depends?” She answered.
“On what?” he asked.
“Do you like to sing in the car and are you good at it?” Stacey laughed.
He laughed too. “You make a good point. I’ve never asked anyone what they thought about my singing. I usually sing in the shower. I can carry a tune, but I’m not Pavarotti.”
“I can say the same, but for whoever the female Pavarotti is.” Stacey said and giggled.
He chuckled softly. “But that still doesn’t answer the question about what type of music we should listen to on this drive.”
Stacey dug in her purse and pulled out her iPhone. “Do you have an adapter?”
“Don’t need one, my car is blue-tooth compatible.” He answered as he synced her phone to his car.
“Let’s go with the luck of the draw.” Stacey laughed. “Besides it’s a great way to get to know me, right?”
“I couldn’t agree more,” Stefan smiled.
The first song that came on was Afternoon Delight by Starland Vocal Band. When Stefan heard which song it was he laughed out loud. “That is hilarious!”
Stacey answered unwaveringly, “I have very eclectic taste and I am proud of it.”
“I haven’t heard that song in years.” Stefan began to sing along with the song and so did she. They hit that crescendo at the end of the song right on pitch and perfectly timed.
“We’re a good team,” Stacey said. Their voices blended well together. It gave her an idea. “Hey, on our next date we should go karaoke.”
He laughed, “You’re on.”
“Have you ever done it before?” Stacey asked.
“No, but I took a couple of theatre classes in college for grins and got cast in a couple of musicals. So I feel comfortable singing in front of a crowd.” He was smiling at her again and it made it hard to concentrate on conversation.
“What musicals?” Stacey inquired, striving for words to say instead of just staring at how beautiful he was.
“Oklahoma and Les Miserable. I was Will Parker in OK and Javert in Les Mis. It was fun.”
Shaking her head Stacey said, “And so you think you’re not Pavarotti? Those are pretty impressive roles for someone who was just taking the class for grins. Does everything come so easily to you?”
“I have been very fortunate in my life. I know how blessed I am, but of course I’ve had my share of disappointments.” He turned and looked at her saying further, “I’ve had my heart broken a time or two and I’ve definitely had to work hard in my career and make some sacrifices.”
Stacey wasn’t expecting such an honest answer. So she felt he deserved one in return. “You know being sickly for such a large portion of my adolescence, I was never with the popular crowd. I sometimes still feel like the loner, which is part of the reason I try to do so much for other people. I just want to find acceptance.”
“Well who doesn’t?” He said seriously. “Even those who look like they have it so great, are not living the perfect life you would imagine.”
“The grass is never greener, huh?” She asked interested in his viewpoint.
“No it never is, but that doesn’t stop us from wanting what we can’t have.” Stefan answered.
Stacey wished that she could just reach out and touch him, but fear of moving too fast kept her hand pinned to her side. She definitely wanted to give him anything he wanted. Stacey began to envision what it would be like to be intimate with him; to feel his hardness against her softness. She had to shake her head to dispel the thoughts to keep from moaning out loud.
“I agree.” Stacey said trying not to think about how his body would feel pressed to hers.
He laughed. “You realize you said yes, but shook your head no?”
She laughed with him.  If only he had known what thoughts were whirling around in her head. The music had continued playing on Stacey’s iPhone and as a lull in the conversation happened; she heard what was playing in the background and laughed even harder.  Sexual Healing by Marvin Gaye was on.
He arched an eyebrow in askance.
But she couldn’t reveal what the private conversation she had been having with herself. That would make her look crazy. So to deflect she asked him if he liked Motown.
“Well my dad is half African American and half Greek. So every other day it was like a Motown revue in our house and alternatively classic Greek songs. My iPod is full of Kaiti Livanou right now.” 
“Who?” Stacey asked.
“She’s a Greek Artist that does a lot of classic Greek music.” He laughed as he answered her question he dug in his pocket and pulled out his iPod and pressed play. 
“She has a very beautiful voice,” Stacey said after listening to the song.
“So you’ve learned a little more about me. Maybe more than you were ready for?” He turned to look at her.
“Are you worried about how I would react to your ethnicity?” Stacey asked puzzled by his expression as he looked at her.
He hesitated. “Well some people do harbor prejudice. Most people can tell there is something not completely Caucasian about me, but they are afraid to ask for sounding like a racist.”
“I promise I hadn’t thought about your ethnicity or your dad’s past that fact that you were both tall dark and handsome.” She grinned at him.
“Good to know.” He smiled in return.
They arrived at the winery and proceeded to enjoy the local gallery and they also had a live band. It was a wonderful time.  Stefan quit drinking about 2 hours before they might be calling it an evening. And Stacey definitely didn’t overdo it. She wanted to be fully cognizant for the trip home.
“So what did you think of the winery?” Stefan asked.
Stacey was tucked under his arm as he drove down the highway. The day had gone well. They had held hands for most of the day so she definitely didn’t want to give up the physical connection. She lifted her head from his should to answer. “Very nice. I would definitely come back for a return visit. It was worth the ride out to Virginia.”
He chuckled and she could feel it rumble deep in his chest. It resonated through her whole body and made the tingly sensation she was already feeling kick into high gear.  She had to stop herself from moaning again.
He continued, “I definitely count the day as a success. I learned that you like 70’s music, brie cheese and abstract art. What did you learn about me?”
“I learned that you like weird Greek music, you hate brie cheese and you like art of all kinds. I don’t think there was a piece we looked at that you didn’t have something positive to say about it.” Stacey sighed.  “And most important I learned that you smell really good, we have great chemistry and I definitely want to do more of this.”
“I like your answer.” He chuckled again. 
The ride back seemed so much faster than the ride there. Stacey wanted to stay close to him forever. But she did have more time.  She was planning on cooking dinner for him. She knew she was a good cook. He would enjoy the dish she had planned to prepare for him. Stacey was excited by the prospect.  She had changed her mind about making the spaghetti. She could probably make a really good impression on him with her scallops dish. So she asked him, “Do you like seafood?”
“Not particularly,” he answered.
“Oh.” Stacey said clearly disappointed.
“Is that what was on the menu for today?” he glanced down at me.
“I was going to prepare scallops with a crumb topping, herb butter and arugula.” Stacey answered.
“Well maybe I can cook for you?” he asked.
“You can cook? “ Stacey smiled up at him and envisioned them creating magnificent feasts together. This got her heart racing almost as much as the thought of kissing him. 
He was speaking and Stacey had to focus to hear what he was saying. “My grandmother on my father’s side taught me to cook. We would spend quite a bit of time in Greece. Nana was always showing me something. She said my dad would never stay in the kitchen with her when he was young. She loved it that I wanted to learn.”
And since he was such a charmer of the ladies, she could see how he would pick up on that. “So you had her twisted around your little finger, huh?”
He laughed. “Yes my Nana would do anything for me, but the feeling was mutual.”
“She is no longer alive?” You could hear it in his voice how much he missed her.
“She passed away about 3 years ago now. She just never woke up one day. I miss her. If my parents got too much wanderlust, I could just go stay with her. She felt like home.”  Every word was colored with love for this woman. Stacey wished she could have met her and told him so.
“She probably wouldn’t have liked you. She never liked any girl I dated. No one was good enough for her grandson.” His laughter filled the car.
“Sounds like you’re a mamma's boy.” Stacey laughed.
“You’re not wrong. But it has taught me a healthy respect for women. Between my mother and Nana there was no way I would ever be anything but a gentleman around a woman.”
“Somehow I can see your mom still being able to take you over her knee,” she said.
“She has threatened it plenty of times,” Stefan laughed.
“Do you think you’ll spank when you have kids?” Stacey asked.
“Spare the rod, spoil the child.” His answer was automatic.
You could tell he was hearing his mother say those exact words.  Stacey had never thought about having kids before, but she suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to be a mother. The mother of his children. What an absolutely ludicrous thought! She really needed to reign in her feelings for Stefan or he was going to go running and screaming in the opposite direction. The last thing men wanted was to be tied down to a wife and kids. At least from her experience, that is what she had observed.
“Do you want kids someday?” He really did seem to pick thoughts out of her head.
“To be honest I have never thought about it. But I guess I can see having them sometime down the line.” Her mind was spinning with the possibilities. She really could see them having children together. They would hopefully look like him.
“Well I can see you being a great mother. You’re a natural caretaker.” He smiled at her in a way that made her wonder if he was imagining her as the mother of his kids. But she was probably projecting what she was feeling onto him. She just put the whole thing out of her mind.
They pulled into the front of her place and he parked. They walked inside and Stacey told him to make himself at home. After a day of tasting all different kinds of wines and just nibbling on appetizers, she was ready for a hearty meal.  
“So are you hungry?”
“I am. Point me to your cupboards, sit and watch me work my magic.”
Sitting down felt really good. They’d been walking for a good portion of the day and Stacey’s feet were tired. He took a quick assessment of her kitchen and started putting together what looked like chicken cacciatore. She asked if that was what he was cooking and he confirmed.
Within moments aromas filled the air. It was strange to feel more at home with this man cooking in her kitchen than anything else; ever. She sat mesmerized watching him move about her kitchen with ease. Occasionally he would ask if she had this spice or that. Or he would ask where this pot or pan was. 
Stacey plugged in her iPod and they continued to listen to music, talk and laugh like they had known each other all of our lives. It just felt right.
After they ate dinner, they worked together to do the dishes. And Stacey started a casserole to put in the oven to take by for tomorrow. They sat back down on the couch and had coffee, conversation still flowing between them smoothly.
But then Stacey yawned.  He immediately got up and went to put his coffee cup in the sink. “Looks like you’re ready for bed.”
She actually wouldn’t have minded sharing her bed with him, but he had other ideas. Drat the gentleman!
“So when I can see you again?” He was standing over her looking at Stacey with such tenderness, it took her breath away.
“Well, when would you like?” Stacey whispered.
“The way I feel right now, I don’t really want to leave. But you’re tired and we should take this slow.” Stefan answered standing an inch apart from Stacey.
He was saying everything her head was saying, but her heart was saying something completely different.
“I guess you’re right. But please note I am saying this with great reluctance, I actually want to jump your bones.” Stacey stated in a matter of fact tone.
“You don’t seem like a jump a guy’s bones type of girl.” There was no question in his tone at all.
It really made her wonder how he saw her.  “I guess you’re right, but you could totally be the exception to the rule.”
They both laughed nervously. They were both testing their resolve to take things slowly.  And in the end they both decided to wait.

Chapter 3
Nick woke up thinking about Stacey.  He really loved her. He loved her enough not to inflict himself on her romantically. But felt a stab of jealousy at the glow that Stefan had so easily put on her cheeks. He wondered how their date had gone. 
If it had been any other man he wouldn’t have allowed the relationship to proceed. That sounded arrogant to his own ears, but he knew if he had discouraged her at all, Stacey would have listened to him and not gone out on the date. It was a responsibility he didn’t take lightly. 
Stacey was an amazing gift to his life and he didn’t take her for granted. She had been there for him during the darkest time in his life and he really felt he wouldn’t have made it had it not been for her strength and compassion. 
It still irked him that Jasmine couldn’t see Stacey wasn’t a threat to what they had. He missed Jasmine. On several occasions he had his phone in hand ready to dial her number. She was still programmed in his phone for speed dial. Number two behind Stacey.
He wanted to call Stacey but worried that he would be interrupting an intimate moment between her and Stefan. He guessed the shoe was on the other foot now. How many times had Stacey have to make those types of considerations for him?
Just then his phone rang; he answered and smiled because it was Stacey. “Hey, Stacey May.”
“Morning Nick,” said Stacey.
Nick waited to pick up on her tone to determine whether or not the date had gone well.
“How did your date go with Stefan?” He prompted.
She began to tell him about her date and he could tell that it went well. She was bubbly and effervescent. His heart lurched a little at what this might mean. He’d had her full attention for so long, that he didn’t like the thought that he was going to have to share her. It was a new experience.
He was an only child, so sharing wasn’t something that came naturally to him. He recognized that within himself and knew he would have to keep a tight control on trying to manipulate her like he did other women. It was so easy for him to do that, it was something he worked hard; really hard not to do to Stacey.
Stacey wasn’t oblivious to it though. Several times she called him on it and just told him flat out that he could just be straight with her. It was a novel concept. His therapist just kept telling him to examine himself to be aware of his behavior and its effect on people. He thought it was a load of crap, but in some ways therapy was helpful.
It definitely kept him on a more straight and narrow path than the one he had been on.
Stacey was saying something about how wonderful the evening had been and he focused on what she was saying rather than just the tone. “So you two didn’t do it then?”
He could envision her face at his bluntness and smiled.
She exclaimed, “Nick!”
“Well did you?” 
“Could you be anymore crass?” Exasperation colored every word.
He wished he could have been there to see her face.  He loved to provoke her. It was so much fun and it was so easy.
“Yes I could be crasser, but I chose not to be Stacey. Answer my question.” He could tell she didn’t want to answer him. This, from his deduction meant that it hadn’t happened, but he waited for her to tell him that.
When she did confirm it, he was relieved. But wasn’t sure why. That was something else for the next therapy session. 
He hung up with Stacey feeling mixed emotions.  He was happy she was happy. But he was also feeling a little territorial. She was his Stacey. 
Stefan had been a good buddy for many years, and he didn’t want anything to ruin that. He counted Stefan and Stacey as the only true friends he had. The rest were just associates. So it worried him that his two anchors could end up on the outs. He would be in the middle and not happy about the fallout.
Because, Nick knew if anything bad happened he would have to take Stacey’s side.  That thought weighed on him as he left to go get his car washed. 
He was so preoccupied that when he was in the waiting area of the car wash, he didn’t notice Jasmine standing by the window. She noticed him and spoke, “Hello Nick.”
There was a wealth of sadness in her tone. Did she regret her mistakes in their relationship as much as he did? “Hello Jasmine.  How are you?”
“I am well, and yourself?” Her tone now held a defensive edge to it; he could see the walls had gone up.
It saddened him. He really had loved her. Still did if he were honest with himself.  “I am fine.  How are things at work?” Nick was being polite, but still trying to figure out a way to draw her in. Looking at her, she was just so beautiful. His body grew warm remembering the nights of passion that they shared.
“Same as always.” She replied.
There was an awkward silence. 
Finally he fell back on his womanizing habits that had served him so well. “You look stunning. But then you always do.”
She smiled, but it was sad like she had seen through his attempt to charm her. “How is Stacey?”
“She is good. She’s actually dating my buddy Stefan.” For some reason he wanted her to know Stacey wasn’t a threat.
“Well that’s a surprise.  Are you OK with that?” She asked genuinely thinking that he wouldn’t be.
“Yes Jasmine. I am. I want her to be happy.” Nick said, trying to take the defensiveness out of his tone.
She grunted like that she didn’t believe him. “Happy with someone besides you? How are you dealing with not being the center of her universe? Or is she still dropping everything to be with you at the drop of a hat?”
The attendant who had been detailing her car waved a towel to indicate that her car was complete.
“Never mind.  I really don’t need to know. Glad you’re well. It was good to see you.” With that she turned and walked off without a glance back.
At that very moment Nick decided he wanted Jasmine back.  There was no one else who could get to him the way she did. The passion that sparked between them was still there.  But there was also a lot of hurt. She was one hell of a woman and he had been unfair to her.  He hoped it wasn’t too late.
He drove to Stacey’s determined to figure out a plan of action. Once he got to her place, he thought about using his key, but stopped himself. Stefan could have come by and it wouldn’t look good to just walk in on them. So he knocked on the door, impatient to talk to Stacey.
Stacey opened the door. “Oh, it’s you. Why didn’t you just use your key?”
“I didn’t know if Stefan was going to be here or not.” He said.
“Well that was good thinking.” Stacey looked at Nick and she could immediately tell he had something on his mind. It didn’t take him long to come to the point.
“What’s wrong?” 
“I want Jasmine back.” He stated flatly.
Stacey could tell from his tone that he was serious, but it came as a shock to her. He hadn’t mentioned her in months. “What brought this on?” she asked.
“I think about her a lot, but I just ran into her.  She was cold and abrupt. But I could feel the fire beneath the surface. We still have it. I want her.” He spoke with fervor.
Stacey didn’t want to dampen his enthusiasm, but she had to be honest with him. “You really hurt her Nick. She may not be able to accept another go round with you.”
“I know. But I have to try. She is a great fit for me. If I can just make her understand that you’re not a threat to any relationship we would have.”  He paced back and forth.
“Nick it may be too late for that. You broke up with her because of me. Not the romantic reason, but you made it clear that I was a line she couldn’t cross.  That’s not going to change, so what are you going to tell her to make her give you another chance?” Stacey asked quietly.
“Dammit Stacey I don’t know, but I know I want to try! You’ve got to help me.”  Nick sounded desperate.
She led him over to the sofa and sat him down. “OK, you know I will do whatever you need me to. But let me just point out the obvious for just one second.”
Nick nodded his head and she continued. “She wanted to get married. If you’re going to pursue her, you have to be ready to see if that’s a step you’re ready to take. It wouldn’t be fair to get involved with her wanting different things.”
Nick was silent.
“Also, you are going to have to find some way to assure her that she is the priority. Nick I love you, but it wasn’t fair for you to put that much weight on our relationship. You used us to push her away because you were scared of the commitment. So you have to be honest with yourself about that.”
Nick nodded his head.
“Then you have to be honest with her. Until you can do that, she will see through any attempts you make at reconciliation. You won’t stand a chance.” Stacey said gently.
Nick cleared his throat. “Boy you know how to burst a bubble.”
Stacey hugged him and said, “I am just telling you what you know for yourself deep down.”
“Yeah, but it’s hard to hear it.” Nick said dejectedly.
“I am sorry for that, but I only want what’s best for you. You’ll end up hurt if you rush into this. You broke up with her and it is going to be hard to win back her trust. Give it some time and go slow.” Stacey patted Nick’s arm.
Nick leaned forward with his elbows on his knees and ran a hand through his hair. “I’ve got to try Stacey. She really is a wonderful woman. And you’re right, I used you as an excuse to break up with her because I was scared of how serious things had gotten.  But I do stand by my reaction to how she treated you. It’s going to be tricky to work that out. She may take comfort that you’re with Stefan now.”
Stacey shook her head, “But you don’t want to use that Nick.  It’s got to be about the two of you. Show her you’re ready to make a commitment and I don’t think she will be threatened by me. It’s just obvious to anyone who spends any length of time around us how much we care for one another and society has to label everything, so they label us as lovers or would-be lovers. You can understand why Jasmine would be suspicious of how close we are.”
“We are more complicated than that.” Nick said.
“And simpler than that.” Stacey said
They both laughed at the irony.
Stacey yawned widely. “Late night huh?” Nick asked.
“Not really, don’t know why I’m so tired. But I’m about to get moving and take some food to Mrs. Jones house, her husband passed away.” Stacey said as she got up from the sofa they shared.
“Oh that’s too bad, you need a hand?” Inquired Nick.
“No I got it sweetie. Besides you have some hardcore thinking to do.” Stacey said seriously.
Nick left and Stacey really was tempted to lie back down and sleep for another hour, but got going instead.
***********
Alyson was excited. Dr. Swenson had said he had a surprise for her. They had been seeing each other off and on for almost a year. He was married, but living in the basement of the house he shared with his wife and kids. She felt like she might be in love with him; but knew that being with a married man was wrong. So she tried to date other guys, but ended up just finding jerks. Or guys like Nick who were only interested in sleeping with her once or twice and then dumping her before it got serious.
She would love to be a doctor’s wife. Larry Swenson was very attractive. He was lean and muscular. He still had that frat boy smile even though he was almost 40. He reminded her of Nick a little bit; which made her tingle all over.
Alyson couldn’t help but hope that he was going to say that he was leaving his wife. That would be the best surprise to her. She envisioned him moving in with her until they could get his divorce finalized and the custody situation with his two kids worked out. Then they would get a townhouse maybe in Georgetown. 
She could become a wife and mother in one fell swoop. The idea excited her. So when she walked into Larry’s office and he picked her up, swirled her around and kissed her, she thought this was it.
“I’ve got the best news.” Larry said excitedly.
Alyson beamed up him waiting for him to say he was leaving his wife. But instead he was saying something she never expected.  
“My buddy Brian is good for a three way.” Larry was practically hysterical he was so happy.
“What?” Alyson was so shocked that it wasn’t the proposal she thought it would be; she couldn’t understand what he was saying.
“I know we only talked about it that one time, but you said you would go for a three way with another guy.” Larry was like a kid at Christmas and it was extremely disturbing to Alyson. She had gone along with his fantasy because she wanted to be more appealing to him, to make him fall in love with her. She never thought he would want to go through with it.
“I’ve got a couple of other buddy’s that would be into it especially after I showed them those pictures of you in the red nightie. But they also want some man on man action and I’m not into that. Good for them, just not my thing.” Larry frowned a little, but immediately brightened.
He was nuzzling her neck as he was saying, “And I’ve got an OR cleared so we can do it at the hospital like you said.”
Alyson was stunned. The idea of being in a public place having sex had tantalized her, but it was only a fantasy. Not one she really ever expected to have happen. And he had shown her pictures to other men? Alyson was in shock. Her silence finally penetrated his glee.
Larry became abrasive, “What? So you’re not happy? Don’t tell me you’re going to back out of this, just when I got everything all worked out?”
Alyson was automatically saying, “No I’m not backing out.”
The smile was back on Larry’s face. “Well good. It’s going to be wicked fun. I haven’t had a good three way since college.”
Alyson’s head was spinning. Larry wanted her to have sex with some guy she didn’t know. How was she going to do this?  If she didn’t he was going to be pissed and she might lose him. It was just so hard to find someone. She was going to have to go through with this, but she was going to make sure that he left his wife. If she was willing to do this, then he had to give her something.
“How soon is this supposed to happen?” Alyson asked.
“He’s only in town tomorrow.” Larry said.
“Tomorrow!” Alyson exclaimed. 
“Which is why I’m so excited. I didn’t think this was going to happen. It means so much that you’re into this. My wife never wants to do anything fun anymore. She was a wildcat when we were dating but ever since she had the kids we don’t do anything.” Larry sounded sad.
“Well if I was your wife, I’d do anything to make sure you were happy.” Alyson dropped the hint hoping he would pick it up.
“Marriage ruins everything. As soon as I’m free and clear I’m never getting shackled again.” Larry swore vehemently.
Alyson didn’t say anything; she felt if she could do this for him, he would change his mind. Dating was so hard.
The next day Alyson was excited and dreading the three-way at the same time. It was a fantasy that she never expected to have come true, but felt  somewhat betrayed at how Larry had arranged it. The fact that he was showing her private pictures made her angry. And she was starting to wonder if it would make a difference to Larry if she did this or not. She just kept hoping that if she did enough to please him he would fall madly in love with her and leave his wife. 
They all met in Larry’s office. His friend Brian wasn’t a looker by any means, but it didn’t matter. Larry pulled out a flask and offered everyone a swig. “I little liquid courage never hurt.”
They sat and chatted and Alyson felt the whole situation was surreal. When they moved to the OR that Larry had set aside for their tryst Alyson felt like she wanted to just back out and tell them to forget it. But a little voice in her head said she would be giving up her chance to have someone.
Brian started by kissing her and his mouth tasted like what she would imagine dirty socks to taste like. So she broke the kiss and took another swig from the flask of whiskey that Larry had. She dropped to her knees and figured she might as well get this over with.
Both men were clearly excited by what was happening so Alyson decided to just go for it. And for the next hour and a half they groped, fondled and did every position the two men could contort her body into doing. She had an orgasm, she couldn’t help it. She did enjoy being with Larry and wanted so much for it to be just the two of them. But if this is what it took to get him to love her she would do it.
They got dressed afterwards. Larry and Brian actually high fived each other before Brian left. It made Alyson feel sick. 
“Babe that was so good. Next time Brian’s in town we’ll have to get a hotel room. Maybe do a whole weekend.” Larry was oblivious to the horrified expression that flitted across Alyson’s face.
“You want to do it again with him?” Alyson asked.
Larry took in her tone and thought she just didn’t find Brian attractive. “Well I can see if I can find somebody else that you might think is hot. We’ll find somebody together this time.”
Alyson couldn’t believe what she was hearing, but really what should she expect. “Are you going to leave your wife?”
Larry shrugged, “I don’t know we’ve got a pretty sweet deal going here. Why change it?”
Alyson nodded her head. “So you just want to pass me around to your friends, stay with your wife and kids and screw me whenever you have time?”
“Whoa babe, don’t put it like that! You like it too. You’re into this just as much as I am. You came just the same as I did!” Larry said tightly.
“The difference is that I don’t consider you a piece of meat. I actually cared about you. Had hoped you would leave your wife and marry me.” Alyson said coldly.
“I never promised to marry you. If I leave my wife I still won’t marry you.” Larry folded his arms over his chest.
“I see.” Alyson felt stupid. But she had seen this coming. “Well I think this is it for us Larry. What I would suggest though…” Alyson got up from her seat and walked over to retrieve her purse. She picked up her cell phone and showed it to him. It was a video of their three-way session with Brian. “You should delete any pictures of me or this lovely video might just find its way to your wife.”
With that she walked out the door and never looked back. Tears were streaming down her face, but Larry didn’t see. 

Chapter 4
Stacey never really thought about protocols on how to date. Was it too soon to call Stefan? After talking to Nick and seeing his confusion and determination about Jasmine, it just made Stacey want to cement what she and Stefan had going on together.
It was in the back of her mind at all times. She had seen Mrs. Horowitz and was encouraged by her approval of Stefan. As Stacey drove to the Jones’ home she was again struck with an urgency to see Stefan or at least hear his voice, but shouldn’t he make the first move?
After going to see the Jones’, Stacey went to the hospital and decided to check up on Stefan’s mother, and to bring some food to Dave. If he had spent the night, surely he’d be hungry and in need of a break. So the plate she had fixed to take home she now held in her hands to offer it to Stefan’s father. She tapped on the door of Sophia’s room and heard Stefan’s voice answer, “Come in.”
Stacey entered and was encouraged to see him smiling. His mother was awake and looked at Stacey with clear inquiring eyes. She looked to be having a lucid moment which was good, especially for Stefan. 
Dave was nowhere to be seen. “Hi. I stopped by to see if your dad was hungry.”
“Come on in. Dad went home to shower and grab something to eat,” said Stefan.
His mother answered, “But I’d love something that wasn’t hospital food.” She smiled and Stacey could see where Stefan got his dimples from.
Stacey placed the plate in front of her and said, “Bon appétit.” 
“Stefan are you hungry honey? I can share this with you.” His mother asked in a tone very reminiscent of how Stacey’s mom used to speak to her. It made her miss her mom so much in that moment. She had to clear her throat to speak.
“Sorry Stefan I should have thought to bring more.” Stacey smiled at Stefan
Stefan noticed her watery eyes, but said nothing about it. Instead he got up and said, “Mom this, by the way, is Stacey. She’s a good friend of Nick’s and we are also dating.”
Stacey was so surprised. Her eyes got huge and her mouth dropped open.
Sophia laughed. “Are you sure she knows that Stefan, she looks totally shocked to hear you say it.”
Stacey closed her mouth and turned to look at Stefan. He put his arm around her waist and squeezed. “Yeah mom she knows. She is the one that found you. She’s an amazing woman. I think you’ll like her a lot.”
“Well at the very least she is a wonderful cook.  This is delicious young lady. Thank you for the meal and thank you for finding me.” She continued to eat and Stefan led Stacey out the door.
“Mom, excuse us for one moment.”  She nodded her head and they stepped out of her room.
“Well this is a surprise. I was going to call you when I got done here.” He said smiling down at Stacey.
Her heart was beating so loud, she was sure he could hear it. “I had gone by Mrs. Horowitz and Mrs. Jones and I thought about your dad having been here all night. I just figured he would be hungry. I should have thought you and your mom would want something too.”
“No worries. I actually figured we could get together today. My dad should be back in a few moments. Can you stick around?” Stefan asked.
“Of course, I would love to spend time with you today.” Stacey was pleased that he initiated the date. She had begun to feel so desperate for contact with him and the relief of having him want to get together with her just made her feel so elated. She had the silliest grin on her face.
He leaned over and kissed her cheek. “Let’s sit with my mom for a little bit. She’s having a really good day and I hate to miss any time when she’s so lucid; which is why I told her we were dating. I wanted her to know how special you are while she was in a good place to understand it.” Stefan was gliding his hand up and down Stacey’s back almost in an unconscious way. But Stacey was very aware of the electricity he was sending through her body.
Stacey had to focus; she understood what he was saying and decided not to add more weight to the meaning behind it. Just because she felt head over heels didn’t mean that he was. Every indicator that he gave to her, she lapped it up because she was eager to know that these feelings she was having weren’t one sided.
They walked back into his mother’s room. Sophia put down the fork and said, “That was absolutely delicious Stacey. Son you should marry her for her cooking alone.”
Stacey blushed and accepted the compliment. Sophia then commented. “And she is beautiful too.”
Stacey glanced at Stefan to see what reaction he was having to his mother’s rainbow of compliments towards her and he was looking at her with such fierceness that she almost gasped. The electricity arced between them and she found herself wanting to be anywhere alone with him.
“She is a keeper, mom.” He turned to his mother and smiled at her. Her return smile mirrored his and Stacey really wish she had known her before this illness had struck. You could see a myriad of emotions and the depth of love they felt for one another. 
“Well life is short Stefan, I have loved your father for a lifetime and I want so much for you to find that kind of happiness. The way you’re looking at her and the way she is looking at you gives me hope. Stacey I hope you don’t find me too forward, it’s just that I know I may not get to say some of these things, so I tend not to waste time anymore.” Sophia asserted.
Stacey nodded, “I find your directness refreshing Mrs. Spencer.”
“Sophia, please. So tell me where on earth did you learn to cook like that?” Her smile was so warm.
“My mother worked in the school cafeteria so I learned all the basics from her.  I am also an avid Food Network fan and get a lot of tips and recipes from them as well.  I just like to cook.  It soothes something in my soul.” Stacey said with a wistfulness that made her actually want to get back into her kitchen.
“Stefan is not so shabby in the kitchen either. He would cook with his grandma all the time.” Sophia laughed.
“Well I keep hearing what a great cook Stacey is and I haven’t sampled her culinary excellence yet.” His tone was light and teasing, but the undercurrent of I want to do more than cook with you was there.
The look was not lost on his mother. “Why don’t you two get out of here?”
Stefan turned his most dazzling smile on his mother and said, “Not a chance Lady, you’re stuck with us for the duration.”
“You are so full of hooey Stefan Michael Spencer! Stacey don’t let him charm the panties off you girl. He’s been trying to wrap me around his finger since the day he was born.” She leaned into Stacey and whispered, “And he’s done it, but I have to put him in his place every once in a while.”
They all laughed and it was good to hear. At that moment Dave walked in. “Looks like I’m missing the party.”
He walked into the room and went immediately to place a kiss on his wife’s lips. She looked up at him adoringly. It was a very sweet moment, one that again had Stacey yearning for alone time with Stefan. Stefan seemed to be on the same page with her because he rose from the side of his mother’s bed. He embraced his father and then kissed his mom on the cheek. “Dad we’ll let you take over the festivities.”
Dave answered, “Yeah I’d like to have this foxy lady all to myself.” Sophia swatted at him and giggled like a school girl. It was good to see.
“I hope that I am not taking you away from your family.” Stacey said once they were out of the room.
“Hardly.” Stefan answered. “My dad really does want to be alone with my mom. They are worse than a couple of teenagers sometimes. And I know that since she is having such a good day he wants to spend it with his wife, not the mother of his child.” 
“Well I can definitely understand that.” Stacey answered.
“Would you like to get a cup of coffee?” Stefan asked.
“Sure I could use a caffeine boost.  I seem to be dragging a little bit today.” 
They went to the coffee shop around the corner and sat at a table and were discussing the value of a good cup of coffee.
“Sometimes I swear if I could, I’d hook up an IV and do an intravenous feed with coffee.” Stacey laughed.
“Boy that is quite the endorsement for the java bean.” Stefan shook his head. “And are you a Starbucks lover?”
“I’m not picky,” Stacey answered. “Whatever is closest at hand. I like the atmosphere there. It seems like all the cool people hang out at Starbucks. Sometimes I will take my laptop and just hang out and people watch on the sly. But that’s just anywhere.”
“Yeah, people are amazing. I like to people watch as well. Take that guy over there.” Stefan indicated a middle age man at the counter. Looking at him he seemed to be a business man judging from his suit. He was short, overweight and balding. He was on his CrackBerry, our affectionate term at the hospital for a blackberry phone.
Just then a stunning twenty -something long legged blonde sauntered up to him and stuck her tongue half way down his throat.
Stefan and Stacey were both amazed; they looked away putting their heads together and snickered.
“Boy that was unexpected.” Stacey said.
“OK so my impression of that guy just did a 180.” Stefan was still laughing.
“Well I don’t know, maybe midlife crisis? What do you want to bet that he’s driving something red, shiny and shaped like a penis?” Stacey said.
Stefan grabbed his chest. “On behalf of all males I take offense.  I’m wounded in the extreme!”
Stacey was shaking her head at him. “Surely you have seen it too many times to be able to deny that the stereotype exists for a reason.”
“Nope, sticking with my fellow brothers on this one. I reserve the right to my midlife crisis car without being lumped in with the rest of the philanderers.” Stefan folded his arms across his chest to emphasize his point, but couldn’t hold it and ended up laughing.
They were both laughing together when a different beautiful blonde walked up to their table and interrupted them. “Well isn’t this cozy. Does Nick know that you’re stepping out on him? I had no idea you had a life outside of Nick Faulks.”
It was Jasmine. She was staring down at Stacey with contempt.
Stefan stood up and said, “Excuse me.”
“Oh honey, it is completely my pleasure to give you an excuse to get away from her.” Jasmine drawled.
Stacey interrupted whatever Stefan was about to say. “Jasmine, it’s so nice to see you. Please meet my boyfriend Stefan Spencer.” It was so gratifying to see her mouth drop open.
“Nick will be so happy to know I ran into you.” Stacey continued. “He was just expressing to me how much he was hoping to get together with you for a talk.”
Jasmine exploded. “A talk? After throwing me out of his life without a backward glance for you! He is lucky I didn’t spit on him when I saw him.  And you with your self-entitled intrusions into his life, how dare you even look at me like you were innocent in this whole mess!”
Stefan could remain silent no longer, “I think you need to just walk away.”
Jasmine turned her fury onto Stefan. “And you, you’re her boyfriend? Good luck competing with the almighty Nick Faulks. She will at every turn drop you for whatever he needs. If you stick around for that you’re a bigger fool than I was.”
Jasmine turned to walk off, but Stacey stopped her. “Jasmine, I know Nick hurt you, but I promise he loves you. Please give him a chance to make things right.”
Jasmine hesitated and her eyes betrayed the hurt she was feeling, but she ended up shaking her head and shrugging out of Stacey’s grip. “I won’t get sucked back into this competition with you. You can have him.”
Stacey sat down and gathered her things.  “I am so sorry about that. Can we leave? I need to talk to Nick.”
Stefan was confused. “Nick?”
Stacey looked at him and could see he didn’t understand what had just happened. “Don’t  you see Stefan, if she is this upset, that means she still loves him. He has to fight for her and I was telling him to be so cautious. I think he should go for it.”
Stefan was incredulous. “Are you serious? That woman hates you and Nick’s guts with a passion!”
Stacey was pulling him out the door as she was saying, “That’s exactly how I know that Nick needs to go to her now.  I watched Jasmine for a long time while she was with Nick. I know how she thinks and I’m telling you, this is the best time for Nick to make his case of getting back together with her.”
“And how is this any of your business?” Stefan had stopped them on the sidewalk.
She stopped and really looked at him. “Stefan, please. All I want is for Nick to be happy and I can see that this is his chance to go for it.”
Stefan asked, “Is she right? Am I going to be a second priority behind Nick?”
“Nick is your friend too Stefan. Don’t you want him to be happy?” Stacey asked frustrated.
“Of course I do, but I don’t need to drop everything I’m doing to go hold his hand.” He stated equally frustrated.
“But Stefan.” Stacey began, but he cut her off.
“Why don’t you go do whatever you need to do and call me when you have time for me?” And then he walked away.
Stacey couldn’t believe it. How did things go so wrong? She wasn’t choosing Nick over Stefan but he certainly seemed to have taken it that way.  She stood on the side walk watching Stefan’s retreating back, absolutely flabbergasted by the argument they just had. Her fears that Nick would be a problem came true and she hadn’t seen it coming. Not by a mile.  Didn’t he understand that she just wanted Nick and Jasmine back together so that they could be as happy as she was now? Or as happy as she had been until Stefan walked away.
But what should she do now? Go after Stefan and plead her case? He seemed so angry, Stacey just wasn’t sure he would listen to reason at this point. She turned and walked the opposite way, to go see Nick.
He opened the door, took one look at her and said, “What’s wrong?”
“I had a fight with Stefan. Over you.” Stacey answered.
He pulled her into his apartment and asked, “What on earth could you have argued over me about?”
“I ran into Jasmine at the coffee shop. Nick you’re right. She is still in love with you. You have to go and get her back.”
The hope in his eyes made the fight with Stefan worth it.  She knew he needed to hear this.  Nick interrupted her train of thought by interjecting, “But how, what did she say exactly.”
So Stacey relayed the story to him putting in her interpretation of Jasmine’s anger and he agreed with her assessment. He was absolutely jubilant. “I knew it. She was so cold towards me; it had to be a front. I’m going to find her now!”
He was about to head out the door and stopped. “But what has this got to do with Stefan?”
Stacey could tell he was anxious to go, so she didn’t stop him. “Go Nick. Don’t worry about me. Go find Jasmine.”
“No, tell me about Stefan.” He stood in the doorway obstinate.
So she gave him the short version. “He’s upset that I cut our date short to tell you about Jasmine. I’ll give him time to cool down and then I’ll talk to him. Go find Jasmine. Stop worrying about me.”
He grabbed his keys and said, “He’s a fool if he throws away a chance at a relationship with you.” He kissed her cheek and ran out the door.
***
Nick was trying to figure out what he was going to say to Jasmine. He pulled up in front of her office and decided the take charge approach would work best. She worked in a tall office building downtown on Capitol Hill. Jasmine was a meeting planner and always had a lot going on. Hopefully luck would be on his side.
He toyed with the idea of bringing her flowers, but decided against it. He got off the elevator and walked with authority past the receptionist who floundered behind him.  Jasmine was looking through a stack of menus when he walked in and he thanked his lucky stars that she didn’t have a room full of people in her office. 
Jasmine assessed him coolly and said to her assistant, “It’s alright Betty I will see him.”
Nick closed the door behind him ready for her to start screaming at him. But instead silence stretched between them. He crossed the room to stand in front of her desk and looked her in the eye and read what he thought was desire, but fear was there too.
So he decided to just lay it out there. “We belong together woman and we are going to work this out right now because I love you and I’ve missed you like crazy.”
Jasmine’s eyes glittered with unshed tears and she said, “What took you so long?”
He walked around her desk and kissed her. Elation filled his heart.  She stood up and threw her arms around his neck and kissed him with fervor. 
The need to be intimate right then and there was too overwhelming not to heed. She pushed him back into her chair behind her desk and went and locked the door. 
She shimmied out of her g-string and came back and pulled his pants and boxers down around his ankles. Jasmine hiked her skirt up around her hips then she straddled him and sank onto his length in one smooth stroke.
Nick was trying to get to her top off, but she was moving too frantically. He held her steady and unbuttoned her silk blouse keeping eye contact with her. She was beautiful, sexy and vibrant. She moaned as he finally got the top unbuttoned and took off the blouse and the lace bra she wore underneath.
Their union was so intense. They were trying not to make any sounds, but Jasmine’s little whimpers filled the air as did Nick’s guttural groans.  He could feel she was close, he pulled her closer so that she could revel in the friction that their gyrations were creating. 
She felt so perfect. He gritted his teeth trying to stop the orgasm from coming, but she has nipped his earlobe and the sensation went straight through him and he came. She moved closer  and he held her tighter and told her hoarsely, “Come for me Jasmine, love me.”
The deep whispered baritone of his voice made her involuntarily clench and her release came with it. She slumped against him breathless and totally sated.
***************
Stacey watched Nick go, happy and fairly certain that things with Jasmine would go his way. Jasmine would like it that he chased after her. Who wouldn’t? And then it hit her. Stefan wanted her to chase after him! Oh how could she have been so blind not to have seen it? She went to him immediately.
She knocked on the door and waited for Stefan to answer it. Her stomach was in knots. She was so nervous; she wasn’t sure how she was going to put a coherent sentence together.
He opened the door and looked at her with such sadness in his eyes. All the frenetic energy she had just drained from her body. She really made a mistake in not following him immediately.  “Can I talk to you?”
He opened the door wider to allow her entry, but still didn’t say anything. So Stacey began to ramble. “I am so sorry Stefan. I truly didn’t mean to make you feel that you weren’t a priority. I just got so caught up in the urgency of Nick’s situation that I didn’t stop to think how my actions might be construed by you. I know you already have questions about the depths of my relationship with Nick and this certainly could not have made a good impression.  You are very much a priority to me.  I’ve never done this relationship thing before, so I am in unchartered territory here. Maybe you could cut me some slack.” Stacey smiled up at him hoping that all would be forgiven.
His expression was still bleak. “I’ve got a lot on my plate right now Stacey with my mom and the new job and all. I’m not sure if this is a good time to try to start a relationship; especially one that comes with my best friend in the package. I’ve been competing with Nick all my life and I don’t really care to do it any longer, so I’m just going to walk away.”
Stacey was stunned. Her first instinct was to declare her true feelings for him. To let him know that she had fallen madly in love with him, but she squashed that impulse because if he was rejecting her attempt to make it right over such a small misunderstanding then, why open herself up to more heartache. She felt the water pool in her eyes, but refused to let them spill over. “I see. I am sorry to have wasted your time.” 
Stacey turned stiffly and walked out the door. Her first thought was to go and talk to Nick, but hopefully he was making things right with Jasmine, so she definitely didn’t want to interrupt them. How was it that such a wonderful relationship between Nick and her could have such devastating consequences?
Stacey didn’t even know how she made it back to her apartment. She let herself in and just crawled into her bed and pulled the covers over her head. Now in the quietness of her lonely home did she let the tears that she had refused to shed in front of Stefan pour unchecked down her face.
Chapter 5
Stacey never realized what a lonely life she led. She kept busy, but there was no real connection with anyone. Nick was her bright spot and he was now happily reconciled with Jasmine. She didn’t let on that things hadn’t worked out with Stefan. She knew if she did, he would be holding her hand and that would cause more of a problem with Jasmine. 
Nick spent every spare moment with Jasmine and Stacey spent every spare moment trying to fill it with activity to keep from crying over Stefan. It was silly to think she was in love with someone that she hadn’t even known more than 3 days.  But she was in love and it hurt that she had fallen for someone who couldn’t accept her for who she was.  
That’s what it really came down to from her perspective.  She had one true friend in the world and if she could do anything to help him, then why should that be a problem? It’s just who she was. Stacey was a caregiver. 
She had enough of this moping around.  It had been a week since she had talked to Stefan.  Every day she fought the urge to call and beg him to give her another chance. Maybe it was pride that was keeping her from picking up the phone, but she didn’t know what else to do.  And she didn’t dare ask Nick because as soon as he saw her face to face he would be her champion and she didn’t want to be the reason for a falling out between Stefan and Nick.
Stacey remembered all the stories Nick had told about Stefan.  They were truly like brothers and no girl, not even Stacey should come in between them.
The problem now was that she missed him.  She missed the feeling of being cared for. For being wanted.  She didn’t have any experience sexually, but thought Stefan would be the one. It was worse knowing that it would have been so good between them.  They had great chemistry and he just threw it out the window.
But surely it takes two to make an argument; maybe she should just call him.  Pride be damned!
She went to pick up the phone and it buzzed in her hand with an incoming call before she could dial Stefan. “Hello?”
“Stacey, it’s me Alyson.  You need to get down here.” Alyson’s voice conveyed concern and fear.
Stacey’s heart dropped.  “What’s wrong?”
“Nick was just brought in.” Alyson said.
“What happened?” Stacey’s knees started to shake and she had to sit down before she fell.
“He was in a car accident. It’s pretty bad Stacey. He’s got internal bleeding and a head injury. They’re about to take him in for surgery.  I was working the ER, when I saw who it was I figured you’d want to know.”
It felt like all the air had been sucked from the room.  “Thanks for calling and letting me know. Can you do me a favor?”
Stacey knew Alyson was not really inclined to do her any favors, but Alyson seemed to be dealing with her in a sympathetic manner, so she thought she might help. “I am on my way down there now, can you call this number and let Stefan know what has happened.”
As much as Stefan was angry with her choice to put Nick first, Stacey knew he would still want to know that Nick was hurt.
Alyson said, “Sure no problem Stacey.  And… I am so sorry.”
“Thanks.”  Stacey hung up the phone and grabbed her purse and keys.
Stacey got to the hospital in record time. He was already in the OR, so she didn’t get a chance to see him before he went under. She was in the waiting room and realized that Jasmine wasn’t there. She called her cell number and she answered. “Hello?”
“Jasmine, this is Stacey.”  She paused.
“Hi Stacey. What’s up?” Jasmine had made an effort to make her voice not only sound cordial, but to sound friendly. 
“You need to get down to the hospital. Nick was just brought in.” Stacey swallowed past the lump in her throat trying to sound as professional as possible.
“What! But I was just on the phone with him a little while ago!  There must be a mistake!” she screamed.
“I am so sorry, but he’s in critical condition and is in the OR right now.  They are trying to get his internal bleeding under control.”  She wanted to scream, this wasn’t right.  Nick couldn’t be in there fighting for his life.  Stacey wanted to deny it just as much as Jasmine had.
“Oh my God.  Oh my God.” Jasmine had broken down in tears.
“You want me to send a cab to pick you up? I am not sure you should be driving in your condition.” Stacey asked suddenly worried that a teary eyed Jasmine would be a danger to herself and to other drivers on the road.
“Yes please.” Her voice was full of tears.
Stacey took her address and then called a cab.  When she turned around, Stefan was standing there.  She wanted to run into his arms, but couldn’t make herself move.  
“How is he?” His eyes were stormy; so many conflicting emotions could be read there.
“I don’t know.  Alyson says that they may be in there for a while, his internal injuries are quite severe.”
Stacey’s cell phone rang and she turned away from Stefan to answer it. “Hello?” It was Mrs. Horowitz.  Stacey told her that she couldn’t come by her place today because of Nick. She gave her all the information she knew and told her she would give her an update as soon as she knew anything. “Can you please call the church and let them know? Put him on the prayer list?”
Mrs. Horowitz gave Stacey her assurance that she would do that. 
Stefan watched her warily. “Are you OK?”
Stacey didn’t even know how to answer his question, so she just nodded her head. He led her to the waiting room chairs. Some daytime TV judge show was on. Nick and Stacey use to talk about how much they hated those shows. Stacey could feel her eyes start to water.  She couldn’t just sit here and wait. She got up. “I’m going to see if I can get a status from the OR.” She walked away from Stefan without ever making eye contact.
Alyson was coming from the OR and Stacey looked at her askance. “They are still going.”
“Who is doing the surgery?” Stacey asked.
Alyson knew Stacey was asking if someone competent was working on Nick, so when she smiled, Stacey felt so much better. “Dr. Wilkins is doing the surgery.”
“Good. And thanks for calling Stefan for me.” Stacey wasn’t sure how long this truce between Alyson and she was going to last, but right now it felt good to have someone who understood on her side. There was solidarity in being ER nurses that went past whatever personal problems they had. She appreciated it now.
There was nothing she could do hovering outside the ER doors. Alyson would let her know the progress of the surgery. So she walked back towards the ER waiting room. Just in time to see Jasmine enter.
She rushed up to Stacey. “Is there any news?”
“He is still in surgery.” Stacey led her to the chairs where Stefan was sitting. She could hear him on the phone. He was wrapping up a conversation with his father.
“I’ll let you know when he’s out of surgery dad.” He rose as Stacey walked Jasmine over to the chairs.
Jasmine was shaking. Stacey was worried she would go into shock. Nurse mode kicked in. “Stefan, give Jasmine your jacket and if you can go down to the cafeteria and get an orange juice, that would be great.”
Stefan did as Stacey asked without question. 
Jasmine still had tears streaming down her face. “I will never forgive myself if he dies.  I wasted so much time on being jealous of you. We could have been together all this time.  If he makes it I promise I won’t spend another minute of our lives arguing over your friendship.  I am so sorry. Can you forgive me?”
“Jasmine, no apology is necessary. He loves you. That means I love you too. All I want is for him to be happy, that’s all I’ve ever wanted.” Stacey opened her arms; Jasmine embraced her and continued to cry on her shoulder.
Stefan came back with the juice and found them hugging each other. He looked uncomfortable, like he didn’t know what to do. Stacey extended her hand for the bottle. “Here Jasmine, you need to drink just a little bit of this.  I don’t want you passing out on me.”
Stacey dug through her purse and handed her a Kleenex. She blew her nose and hiccupped. Stacey almost laughed. She seemed so much like a little girl now, not the sophisticated vicious harpy that she sometimes came across as being. They sat and Stacey patted her back when the tears started again.
Hours passed and the three of them sat in silence. Stacey couldn’t believe that this had happened to Nick. He seemed to have everything going his way and for this to happen seemed cruel. She couldn’t think beyond the surgery because if she thought that he could possibly not make it, she wouldn’t be able to be strong for Jasmine and she seemed to need her strength right now.
Alyson finally came out. “He’s out of surgery. He’s stable. They had to remove his spleen. There is some damage to his back, but they don’t know how severe that is going to be. He may have to have physical therapy, but he’s going to make it.”
Stacey was so happy. But Jasmine seemed to snap. “Therapy? Is he going to be able to walk? Oh God, he’s going to be in a wheel chair for the rest of his life. What if he never is able to walk again?  What are we going to do? Oh my God! ” There was an edge of hysteria to her voice.
“Jasmine. He is alive. The rest we will deal with as it comes. I think you should go home.” 
“I can’t leave! He needs me. Leave? I can’t think. I can’t think.”  Jasmine was flailing in Stacey’s grasp.
“I know you want to be here for him, but right now I’m worried about you.” Stacey turned to Alyson, “Can you have Dr. Whitaker prescribe a sedative for Jasmine?”
Alyson nodded her head and walked away.
“I don’t need a sedative! You just want to take the credit for bringing him through this.  You’re going to be by his bed every day and cement your place in his life!” She was screaming at the top of her lungs.
Stacey shook her, “Jasmine. Calm down! You’re being irrational.  I am only concerned for you. You seem to be on the edge and I think you should just come back when you’re calmer. Being this hysterical around Nick isn’t going to do him any good. He is receiving the best care possible, so we just need to take care of ourselves so we can help him when he needs us.”
She stopped crying, it was as though someone pushed her off switch. “You’re right. I am sorry. I just said I wasn’t going to waste time being jealous of you and at the first opportunity, I’m shrieking at you like a witch. I apologize. Can you take me home?”
Stacey was relieved that she was seeing reason.  “Yes of course.” 
Stacey looked at Stefan and his returning gaze told her he would stay with Nick, so she mouthed “Thank you.”
Stacey picked up the prescription from the hospital pharmacy and drove to Jasmine’s place. Jasmine was very despondent. She hadn’t said a word on the ride. Stacey found a glass, poured some water into it. Got her to lie down in her bed and made her take the pill and drink the water. She was asleep after about 30 minutes. 
Stacey sat next to her bed thinking of Nick. His injuries were extensive, but he was alive. She really needed to be careful how she handled his recovery. She had to make sure that Jasmine was in on every decision, every step of the way. Jasmine didn’t seem to have the capability of dealing with a crisis, but that may have been the initial shock.  Stacey couldn’t step aside and leave his care to someone else, but she would have to tread very carefully.
Stefan and Stacey had made such little contact during their time in the ER she wondered how he was doing. Jasmine had worn his jacket home, so she would have to catch up with him to give it back. Her heart fluttered at the certainty of seeing him again.
He was so handsome. She wanted him with every fiber of her being. How could she let another minute go by without letting him know that she loved him? Just seeing how close Jasmine and she came to losing Nick made her never want to feel that kind of hurt for another person.  But that was being cowardly.  And of all things she knew about herself, she knew she wasn’t a coward.
She had to get to him now.  But she shouldn’t leave Jasmine alone.  She scrolled through Jasmine’s phone trying to recognize names from past conversations. As luck would have it, there was a number listed under MOM.
Stacey called the number. “Hello?” the lady on the other line answered.
“Hi.  You don’t know me, but I’m a friend of your daughters.” It sounded strange to call Jasmine a friend.
“Yes? Is everything ok?” Stacey could hear the concern in her mother’s voice.
Stacey was quick to put her mind at ease. “Yes she is fine; it’s just that her boyfriend has been in a car accident.  She isn’t handling it too well. “ 
The number was a 301 number so Stacey felt confident that she was close by. “Was she in the car too?” the mother asked.
“No, but she had to be sedated, she was a little hysterical. I need to get back to the hospital, but I didn’t want to leave her alone.  Is there any way that you could come to her place and sit with her?” Stacey asked.
“Yes of course, I’ll be there within 30 minutes. Thank you so much for calling and letting me know.”
She arrived true to her word.  Stacey opened the door for her and showed her to where Jasmine lay. Stacey left after giving Jasmine’s mom Monica her phone number.
When Stacey arrived back at the hospital, Stefan was nowhere to be seen. She was disappointed. She went to recovery to check on Nick and Alyson told her he would be in his own room pretty soon. The doctor would check on him during his rounds and then move him if he continued to be stable.
Stacey went to sit and wait. She was hugging Stefan’s jacket. His scent still clung to it. She really missed him. Right then, Stefan walked up to Stacey. He had bottled water in his hand. She wasn’t sure what to say and how to broach the subject. Stacey felt so tired. She wanted nothing more than to lean into his strong frame and take comfort in his embrace, but she could still feel the gulf between them.
Then she asked herself, what happened to her resolution of not letting this distance between them go any further?
“I know this is a bad time, but I wondered if we could talk?” Stefan asked.
Her stomach lurched at his tone. This didn’t sound good. Stacey sighed and said, “Sure.”
“I just wanted to say I am sorry. And I wondered if you could give me another chance?” 
It was so unexpected; Stacey didn’t know how to respond. She kept looking up at him like he was kidding, she was ready for the joke to be revealed, but he just held her eyes pleading silently. When Stacey realized that he really meant it, she jumped up and threw her arms around his neck.
He laughed, “I was worried there. You took so long to answer; I thought you were trying to find a way to let me down easy.”
They kissed with passion and urgency.  Stacey felt like she couldn’t get close enough to him. She wanted to be anywhere alone with Stefan, but they were in her place of business, so she pulled away. She held his hand to ensure that he was really there with her; that this really wasn’t just her fantasy coming to life.
“I am sorry too Stefan.  I really want this thing to work out between us.  And the best way to do that is to be honest.  I’m not just a nurse; I’m Nick’s best friend, I’m Mrs. Horowitz’ care taker and I am your girlfriend. That means my attention is split, but it doesn’t mean that you’re less important to me.  This is very new for me, I’ve never really been in a relationship this intense before, and so you have to be patient with me. I just don’t want to make you upset with me ever again. I saw too late that I should have just gone after you, but I didn’t know any better.”
“No, I probably wouldn’t have listened. I had to figure it out for myself. You see I have in a very short period of time fallen madly in love with you; it’s intense, scary and new to me too. So you have to be patient with me.”
Stacey looked at him. “You love me?”
He gazed into her eyes and said, “More than you know.”
“I thought it was just me.  From the moment I laid eyes on you, I thought that I was in love with you.  It just seemed crazy that it could happen to so quick, so I kept trying to rationalize my feelings for you away.”  It was such a relief to be able to admit her feelings to him.
“Yeah,” Stefan agreed. “I tried to do the same thing and it didn’t work.”
Stacey was amazed. This gorgeous specimen of a man loved her the way she loved him!  How lucky could she get? Stacey squeezed his hand harder reassuring herself that he really was here.
“So what do we do now?” Stacey asked. Once it left her mouth, she worried how silly it sounded, but she wanted to know. 
“Well I think that we should try to spend as much time together as possible. Especially since being without you this past week has been so torturous.” Stefan brushed a strand of hair back from her face and stroked her cheek.
Stacey’s heart raced at a frantic pace.  She really never had been in a serious relationship but everything in her wanted to trust Stefan and give herself completely to him. But the week that they spent apart had scared her a lot. He had power over her to hurt her and it was a big leap of faith to let herself feel what she was feeling fully.
“You know Stefan; I have been so worried about how to make us work. I think I may be obsessing. So I am just going to follow your lead and hope for the best. All I know is that I don’t want to ever feel as bad as I did all this past week. Promise me that if you are ever feeling threatened by Nick that you’ll talk to me.  Please don’t walk out of my life. I need you.” Stacey smiled at him. Truly hoping that he didn’t think she was as crazy as she felt.
“You got it. And let me assure you right now. I know that Nick is hurt and it’s going to be natural for you to take care of him.  I am OK with that.” 
Stacey hugged him. “Thank you so much for that Stefan. I had already considered what that would do to Jasmine and Nick. She wants to trust what she has with Nick, just as much as you want to trust what we are building. So I am going to do as much as I can to minimize how much I intervene in his recovery.”
Stefan arched an eyebrow at her. “You think you can really do that?” His tone was incredulous.
Stacey laughed. “I don’t know to be honest, but I’m going to give it my best shot because I know Nick and Jasmine are good together and I don’t want to get in the way of that.”
Just then Alyson came out and told us that Nick had been transferred to his own room, but he was still unconscious.
They both went to Nick’s room. He looked so peaceful sleeping. Stacey brushed a lock a hair off his forehead. “He looks like an innocent little kid.” 
“He was never an innocent little kid.” Stefan chuckled.
“He’s been my best and only friend until you, Stefan. Thank you so much for understanding that I love him and it’s not a threat to us.” Stacey looked up at him and knew he saw her love for him shining in her eyes. She made no effort to disguise it. She was willingly lowering all her defenses. It was a big step. She didn’t know if he knew how big a step it was for her. But she was determined that Stefan would know he too was her priority.
So for the next week, Stefan and Stacey went out on dates whenever they weren’t working. They went to museums, art shows and live music venues. She got to know all of his likes and dislikes. They talked on the phone until all hours of the night. They even texted each other like a couple of teenaged kids.
Stacey saw Nick while she was on duty, but no more than that. Stacey did encourage Jasmine to take care of Nick, but she wasn’t really nurse material.  
Stacey in no way tried to make herself look better than Jasmine, but she could feel the tension between Jasmine and herself start to build again. 
The day Nick was released from the hospital Stacey pulled Jasmine aside. “Jasmine. I know you can do this. You can take care of Nick and I am confident that you will be able to meet all of his needs.”
She burst into tears, “Oh Stacey. I can’t! I’ve been struggling on how to ask you, but can you please look after him while he goes through physical therapy?”
Stacey was shocked. She thought Jasmine wanted her as far away from Nick as possible. 
Jasmine continued. “Please don’t think I’m a horrible person, but I just can’t bear to see him in this weakened state.”
Stacey understood what she was going through. “Jasmine, I make no judgments on you whatsoever. And of course I’ll take care of Nick. I just didn’t want you to feel threatened by my being around him all the time.”
She blushed. “I know that is something you would have had to worry about, but I’ve been watching you with Stefan. I have absolutely nothing to worry about. That guy is crazy about you and you’re crazy about him. So I am more inclined to trust you around my guy.” She smiled at her and winked.
Stacey laughed. The mind of a woman never ceased to amaze her. She had no idea Jasmine had even noticed her and Stefan together. It gave her a feeling of pride because Stefan was hers.  He made that abundantly clear when they were together. He was always touching her. He was either playing with her hair, holding her hand, or with his arm around her waist.
“He is hot isn’t he?” Stacey giggled.
Jasmine and Stacey laughed, just as Alyson was wheeling Nick out of his room to be discharged. He took both of them in and said, “I don’t even want to know what that’s about.”
Which made Jasmine and Stacey laugh harder.
They took Nick back to his home and got him settled into his bed.  Jasmine looked so uncomfortable Stacey told her to go. Once she was out the door, Nick said “Thanks.”
“What for?” Stacey asked.
“For getting Jasmine out of here. I hate for her to see me like this.” Nick shifted on the pillows and Stacey went and fluffed up one behind his back.
“You two really do belong together. It’s nice to see. But down to business. I am not an easy task master. You cannot just lie in this bed.  The bed will sap your strength, so when I say it’s time to get up and take a short walk, I want no lip from you young man.”
“Somehow I knew you would be. I promise to be a good patient.  I want you to be able to get you back to your life as soon as I can.  I don’t want to cause a problem with Stefan. It seems like things are going well between you two.”
“Things are great.” Stacey smiled.
“Have you two done it yet?” Nick asked.
Stacey blushed hotly, “NICK!”
“I take that as a no. Well do you need me to give you the tutorial?” He asked seriously.
“Nick, I did have classes about reproduction, so I am pretty good with the basics.” Stacey didn’t really want to talk about this. Nick knew she was a virgin, but it wasn’t something she liked to talk about.
“Does he know that you are a virgin?” Nick asked.
Stacey dropped her head and mumbled, “We haven’t talked about.”
“You need to tell him Stacey May. For a guy like Stefan, he’s probably wondering why it hasn’t happened already.” Nick said kindly.
“I know Nick; it’s just that I don’t want it to be a big deal.” Stacey said dejectedly.
“Well sweetie, it is a big deal.  You’re 28 years old and if you’ve waited this long, then you need to make sure it’s perfect when it happens. And if Stefan knows, he’ll treat you differently.”
Stacey’s head snapped up. “That’s exactly what I don’t want, to be treated differently.”
“You’ll regret it if you don’t tell him Stacey and he’ll be upset with himself and you too. You’ve got to come clean.” He took her hand and squeezed it.

Chapter 6
So that night Stacey determined that she would tell Stefan. All through dinner she was fidgety, but so was he. They were at Carly’s and Mandy, the waitress from the first night she’d met Stefan was there waiting on them. 
“How is Nick?” she asked.
“He is at home and will be right as rain in a few weeks.” Stacey answered.
“Please tell him I said hello.” She said sadly.
“I will.” Stacey promised.
Stefan took Stacey’s hand, “I’ve got something I want to talk to you about Stacey.”
Oh no, what did he want to talk to her about?  Her mind immediately started spinning worse case scenarios. Was he upset that she had talked about Nick?  Was he tired of waiting for sex to happen? Was he feeling that things weren’t working out between them?  Surely that couldn’t be it. He seemed just as happy as she had been this past week.  
“Yes Stefan?” Her voice was a little shaky and she cleared her throat and took a sip of water.
“I know that we have told each other that we love each other. And we have been spending every moment possible with each other.  But it’s not enough.” Stefan was getting up and Stacey thought for a split second that he was going to leave, but instead he went down on one knee. 
“I know without a doubt that you are the woman that I want to share the rest of my life with. You are beautiful, caring and compassionate.  You are my everything and I don’t want to spend another minute where you aren’t my wife.” 
He opened the little ring box he had been holding and inside was a beautiful solitaire diamond ring.
Stacey gasped. She looked at the ring and tears sprang to her eyes. 
“I know it’s sudden and if you need time to think about it, I understand.”
So much was going through her head. But first and foremost she was not going to keep Stefan waiting. “Yes! Yes! I will marry you.” Stacey threw her arms around his neck and they kissed. Applause broke out all over the restaurant. Stacey was slightly embarrassed by her display of enthusiasm, but didn’t dwell on it.
Stefan sat back down but never broke physical contact. Tears were streaming down Stacey’s face. He inquired, “These are happy tears I hope?”
Stacey used the napkin in her lap to dry her eyes. “Yes you wonderful man, they are happy tears.  You have made me the happiest person on the planet. How on earth, did I get so lucky?”
“I keep asking myself that.” Stefan said. “How on earth this goddess hadn’t been snapped up I don’t know, but I’m not taking any chances. I want you by my side for the rest of my life.”
Stacey was so ecstatic, but her mind was starting to work again now that the first jolt of excitement had worn off. They had known each other too short a time for this to be real. Stacey began to doubt. She began to question. But she wanted him to know always that her first answer was yes.  How do I bring up my questions?
She didn’t have to worry, as always Stefan seemed to be reading her mind. “I know this crazy. We haven’t known each other that long, but I know my heart.  I’ve never felt like this ever before in my life.”
“I feel the same way, but…” Stacey began, but wasn’t sure what to say.
“But?” Stefan prompted.
“I want to marry you, please don’t take this as me backing out in any way, but we need to talk through this.” Stacey squeezed his hand harder and took a deep breath. 
“Yes, I understand.” Stefan reassured her.
This gave her confidence to really voice her concerns. “Stefan so many marriages end in divorce, how do we know we’ll have staying power?”
“There are no guarantees.” He answered simply.
“That doesn’t scare you?” Stacey asked.
“What scares me is the thought of not living with you by my side.  You have worked your way into my heart in a way that no other woman has. And I have known a lot of women.  You’re special Stacey and I know with perfect clarity that you are the only woman for me.” He caressed her cheek.
It was the perfect opportunity to say the words, but still she hesitated. He could see her hesitation and said, “What honey? Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“You have had a different level of experience with the opposite sex than I have Stefan.”
“So?” Stefan asked genuinely puzzled by her line of thinking.
“Well, you’ve had way more experience.” Stacey was still hedging on saying it out loud. She hung her head, cheeks blazing.
He dipped his head to her level and said, “I kind of guessed that you’re a virgin if that’s what all this hemming and hawing is about my love.”
Stacey’s head popped up. “How? Nick told you?”
“No sweetie, he didn’t have to tell me. What let me know was just being around you. You’re passionate, but unsure of yourself. And every conversation we’ve ever had about your past relationships let me know that you weren’t intimate with them.”
“Really? You think the whole world knows?” Stacey asked sullenly.
“This isn’t a bad thing Stacey. It’s kind of what made me want to do this the right way.” Stefan said softly.
Stacey felt horrible. This was why he wanted to marry her?  Her expression must have mirrored her horrified feeling. Stefan leaned in closer. “Do you know how much I want you? And how excited I get at the thought of being the first and only lover you’ll ever have? Please don’t see this as a bad thing.  I know you’re a good Catholic girl. It is part of why I love you.”
“But you don’t have to marry me to sleep with me. I’m ready to be with you.” Stacey said.
“You don’t need to give me an out Stacey. I am ready to settle down.  I’ve been out in this world long enough to know I won’t be missing anything.  I love you with everything I am and I want to share my life with you.  I want to grow old with you. I want to be the one who takes care of you.” 
It finally started to sink in. This man really did love her. It was still so hard to believe. She just didn’t feel worthy. He was not only a wonderful, kind and caring man, he was just good. To his core he was just good.  She was so scared of what all this meant, but she was not going to let her fear ruin their chance at happiness.  
“Whatever comes our way, we’ll handle it together. Yes Stefan I love you, and I will be your wife.” They kissed again forgetting that they were in a public place. Mandy walked up to their table just then and said, “Congratulations.”
They pulled apart and Stefan answered, “Thank you.”
Mandy asked, “Is there anything else I can get for you?”
“No just the check and we’ll get out of your hair.” 
Stacey practically floated to the car. Married. She had never thought of getting married. But just knowing that she would spend every day of her life living with Stefan took all the fear away.  She felt at peace. Secure in this man’s love and there was no better feeling that she had ever experienced. Yet.
The sex aspect had her nervous. She did know the basics. Men and women have been doing this since the dawn of time. It was the most natural thing on the planet. So there really wasn’t anything to worry about. But she just didn’t want to disappoint Stefan.  She thought about asking Nick for advice, but that would not be a good idea. She would have to train herself to turn to Stefan for everything in her life now.
They were about to become partners and there should be nothing that she would have to keep from him. Nothing that she couldn’t ask him. So she said as they were driving home, “I am nervous about what sex is going to be like. I really don’t want to disappoint you. I mean, what if you find out I’m terrible in bed? Then you’re stuck for the rest of your life with someone who sucks in bed.”
He turned his head to look at her and burst into loud laughter. “No pun intended?”
Stacey got what he meant and blushed furiously. “This is exactly what I mean!”
“Sweetheart, please don’t be embarrassed. Just so you know, I think that sex is an important part of a relationship between a man and a woman. But not for the reason you think.  Yes, I am a guy and my brain is ruled by my baser urges a great deal of the time. I can personally say I have had all kinds of sex but nothing makes it better than when you can trust the person you’re with. When you love that person and want to make that other person happier than you want to make yourself. That’s when you’re making love and it’s exactly what I plan for us.” He turned his head again to look at her to assess whether or not she was taking what he was saying to heart.
It still gave her pause to think of the experience that he had. How could she possibly compare to the others he had shared this experience with? But she did trust him. So she whispered, “OK”
“You still don’t sound sure.” He took her hand and held it against his chest. “Stacey I love you. I look forward to doing all that I can to build the trust between us. So that you know you are safe to give yourself to me.”
“But you don’t want to do this until we’re married?” Stacey asked again incredulous.
“I want it to be perfect for you. But we’ll have a short engagement. Very short.” He laughed.
Stacey joined in with him. “A trip to Vegas?”
“We can probably pull something together in a very short amount of time. I know you would like your parish priest to perform the ceremony. We can just have a small gathering. Or were you one of those girls who dreamed of having the Princess Diana type wedding?”
Stacey chuckled at that. “Stefan, before you proposed I had never once thought of getting married. So something small, intimate and quick sounds like heaven.”
He looked thoughtful. “I just wish my mother was in a better mental condition. As her only child she would so want to be there to celebrate when I found the right girl.”
“She still has lucid moments and with medication she can be managed very well.” Stacey said as tenderly as possible.
He looked at her sharply, “I don’t want my mother being managed.”
Stacey squeezed his hand in assurance. “I know, Stefan. As a nurse I’ve seen what this illness can do. You’re going to have to be strong, for yourself and for your dad. It’s not going to get any better and as harsh as that sounds, it’s just the truth. You have to prepare yourself for the worst case scenario.”
He sighed heavily. “I know you’re right. But it’s my mother. This should be the happiest time of my life and it feels like there is a cloud hanging over me. She should be able to be the glowing mother of the groom, cry and fuss over me.”
“I know it’s not fair sweetie.” Stacey said as she leaned her head onto his shoulder, feeling that if she were closer to him physically, he would feel her support.

Chapter 7
The next couple of weeks seemed to fly by. They had decided a month was long enough to wait. Nick had recuperated enough and would be able to walk Stacey down the aisle. Dave was going to be Stefan’s best man since Nick was already doing his part for her in the ceremony. Stacey asked Jasmine to be her maid of honor, which she was thrilled by. They were able to use the small chapel at her church. Stacey found the perfect dress. All seemed to be coming together very nicely.
Except that Stacey was exhausted. She was busy, sure, but it shouldn’t account for this amount of fatigue.
Nick commented on it, “Stacey you looked absolutely wiped out.”
“Gee thanks Nick.” Stacey said, not appreciating his blunt observation. She bent over to pick up the towel that had fallen on his bathroom floor and the room turned topsy turvey. Stacey had to sit down before she fell down. She took her own pulse and felt it racing. 
Nick looked at Stacey, “Are you pregnant? Is that what this whirlwind wedding is all about?”
Stacey hadn’t confided in Nick that they were going to wait until their wedding night to consummate their relationship, so his assumption that she was pregnant irked the heck out of her. “No I am not pregnant.”
Stacey was racking her brain to think of what the problem could be. She probably was just over exerted. “It’s probably stress Nick. I am burning the candle at both ends. Between caring for you, Mrs. Horowitz, my patients and planning the wedding, life has become a little hectic.”
Nick wouldn’t let Stacey shrug it off though. “Promise you’ll go get a checkup.”
“Really Nick, it’s not necessary.” Stacey said lamely.
“Well whether you think it’s necessary or not, you’re going to make appointment right now.” Nick handed Stacey her cell phone expecting her to call right then and there. Rather than fight him she conceded and called her doctor.  
He had a two o’clock cancellation so she ran to make the appointment. 
“Hi Stacey. Good to see you again. So what brings you to my office today?” asked Dr. Landis. 
“I have been really fatigued, so my friend insisted I get checked out. It’s silly, I’m sure it’s just stress. I’m getting married in a couple of weeks, so I’ve been going non-stop.  Maybe I could use a vitamin B shot.” Stacey offered, trying to come up with a diagnosis on her own. Nurses can be terrible patients, so she tried to be as easy going as possible.
He began the examination.  With the stethoscope to her back he said, “Breathe in and out.” Stacey complied. 
“Are you having any shortness of breath?” Dr. Landis asked.
Stacey thought back, she had experienced some shortness of breath, but she had been running around so much that she thought who wouldn’t be out of breath? “I guess a little bit every once in a while.”
He opened up the gown on her gown further and asked, “How did you hurt your back?”
“What are you talking about?” Stacey asked concerned.
“You have a bruise on your back and one here on your hip. You don’t remember how you did it?”  Stacey shook my head no. Dr. Landis began writing in her chart. Earlier before the doctor had come into the exam room his nurse had taken her weight, blood pressure and temperature. He now looked over her notations and asked, “Are you dieting? You’ve lost quite a bit of weight since your last check up.”
“No Stefan loves me just the way that I am, he likes my curves.” Stacey looked down at her body never noticing that she was lighter. Her clothes had been a little looser she guessed. She was beginning to get scared.
“And you’re running a bit of fever. Hmm… I’m going to order some blood work done for you.” Dr. Landis was flipping through her chart reading.
“What do you think Dr. Landis?” Stacey asked afraid of what he might say.
“Well I don’t think anything right now. I want to see what your blood work says. In the meantime, just take some Tylenol to bring your fever down and I would suggest lightening your work load for a couple of days to see if you get your stamina back.”
That was easier said than done, but she nodded her head yes.
“I will let you know when your blood work comes back. Talk to you soon.” With that Dr. Landis left the exam room.
Stacey sat there wringing her hands. She didn’t want there to be anything wrong. The wedding was so close. The nurse came in thinking she had already left. It woke Stacey from her reverie. She got dressed and left the doctor’s office.
Stacey pulled out her phone once she was in her car. “Stefan?”
“Hey honey. What’s up?” Stefan asked sounding distracted.
“Nothing.  I was just calling to say hi.” Stacey stated not wanting to worry him for nothing. It was good to just hear his voice.
“What’s the matter?  You don’t sound like yourself.” 
“Nothing. Nothing. Just checking in. You sound busy. I’ll let you go.” Stacey said feeling silly for wanting to talk to him.
“I’m never too busy for you Stacey.” His voice warmed her all over.
“What time are we seeing each other tonight?” She asked hoping that her voice sounded steady.
“I’ve got a meeting until 6, but if I need to reschedule it, let me know and I’ll move the meeting.” Stefan still wasn’t buying that everything was OK. 
“OK, well come by when you’re done.  I’ll cook something for us. Bye Stefan. I’ll see you later. Love you.” Stacey said quickly trying to get him off the phone before he could probe deeper.
“Love you too babe.” Stefan said and hung up.
She wanted to call Nick and express her fears to him, but Stefan would not appreciate that. He definitely had cut her a lot of slack regarding her friendship with Nick, but she tried to be sensitive to how he would perceive anything that she did on that front.
Just when she decided not to call Nick, her phone rang and it was him. “Stacey. How did your doctor appointment go?”
Stacey took a deep breath to try to convince Nick she wasn’t worried. “It went fine Nick.”
“Then why don’t you sound like it?” He asked concern immediately coloring his voice.
For a split second, Stacey considered trying to fake her way through an I’m OK speech, but didn’t have the energy to do it. “I’m a little scared.”
“Why? What did the doctor say?” Nick asked.
“It wasn’t so much of what he said; it was what he didn’t say.” Stacey said.
“Well that’s a bit vague.” Nick countered.
“It just feels like there is something wrong and the doctor didn’t discuss what he thought was wrong. He just ordered blood work.  I feel this knot of fear in my belly now. I know it’s irrational, but I’m scared.” To put voice to her groundless fears made her feel better, a little. Nick was such a good sounding board for Stacey. 
“When will the blood work be back?” Nick asked concerned.
“Depends on how busy the lab is.” Stacey responded.
“Well don’t paint the worst case scenario in your head Stacey May. Whatever is found in your blood work we’ll deal with it when we find out the facts.  It could be nothing, right?  You really have been doing too much. You probably just need a vitamin B shot.” Nick finished.
Stacey laughed. “I suggested the very same thing to Dr. Landis. It could just be a viral infection. It could be a lot of things. The thing that worries me is that he found bruises on my back. “
“Bruises? How did you get bruises?  And on your back?”  Nick asked.
“Yeah and on my hip. I never noticed.  They aren’t within my line of sight when I get dressed. I’m not sure what that means. I have some guesses, but I’m going to do what you’re saying. I am not going to obsess about anything until I know something concrete. Thanks for talking this through with me. “
“You’re welcome.” Nick wasn’t laughing and joking which was even more concerning. But Stacey decided not to push it.
“Hey I haven’t talked to Stefan about this, so don’t mention it to him. OK?” 
“Why haven’t you?” Nick asked sounding suspicious.
“I was going to, but then he sounded distracted by work when I called him, so I didn’t want to say anything especially since there isn’t anything to say.” Stacey really felt exhausted. She started her car and backed out of the parking spot. “I’ll talk to you later Nick, I want to go home and take a nap before Stefan comes over tonight.”
“Alright Stacey. Call me if you find out anything or you want to talk.” Stacey could tell Nick was now worried for her. There was no comfort in that.
Stacey let herself into her place. She undressed and twisted around to try to get a look at the bruises the doctor had seen.  They really did look terrible. She even had circles under her eyes. They almost looked like bruises. She lay down on her bed trying not to think of all the things that could possibly be wrong with her.
But the one that kept jumping up and down in her head was that the leukemia was back. She tried to remember what it felt like when she was younger. But she was coming up blank.
Mrs. Horowitz would remember. Stacey wanted to call and talk to her, but didn’t want to worry her unnecessarily until she knew something for sure.
What if she really were sick again? How could she put Stefan through that? He deserved someone who was healthy and whole. Stacey couldn’t imagine having him there while she went through treatments. It was a nightmare she had never imagined. 
How could he look at her as someone sexy and desirable when she would be in such horrible condition? She did remember how awful it was getting the chemotherapy. Oh Stefan. Stacey lay across her bed and cried herself to sleep.
Several hours later Stacey awakened to Stefan knocking on her door. Before she could get up to answer she heard him using his key. It was dark in her place. She must have been out for longer than she thought. She got up and the room titled. 
Stefan caught her before she fell to the floor. “Stacey! Are you alright?”
“Yeah, just got up too fast. Sorry about that.” Stacey answered weakly.
“Don’t apologize. What’s the matter? Are you sick?  You don’t look too good sweetie.” Stefan was studying her intently. 
Stacey considered putting him off, but the longer she waited the harder it would be to say anything at all. She had already talked to Nick so it would be wrong not to tell Stefan. “I went to the doctor today. Been feeling a little fatigued.”
“Well no wonder. I know you’re Wonder Woman, but even she needed some down time on Paradise Island.” Stefan smiled at Stacey.
She returned the smile weakly.  “Well the doctor is running tests to find out if everything is OK.  Hopefully my labs will come back sooner rather than later. I would like to know what kind of bug I’ve picked up.”
It felt best to downplay the worst case scenario she had in her head, because if it turned out to be nothing, then she would have scared him for nothing.
“I’m sorry I fell asleep longer than I planned. I didn’t get to cook us dinner.” Stacey said.
“No worries. I can whip us up something. You keep a fully stocked pantry, so it won’t be a problem. Put your feet up and relax. Let me wait on you.” 
How on earth had she captured the attention of this wonderful man? Stacey couldn’t believe how lucky she was. Everything in her was screaming to be honest with him about how scared she was. So deciding to listen to her inner voice, she called him back.
“Stefan. I don’t want to frighten you. But I’m really scared about what these tests might reveal. I am really worried that my Leukemia is back.” Stacey lowered her head and felt the tears drip from her eyes. 
He pulled her into his embrace and she felt safe and secure. Truly everything would be OK with this man by her side to help her fight. She felt his strength flowing into her and was so glad that she told him her fears. If they truly were to be man and wife she would have to learn to trust him with every part of herself; every part of her heart and soul. She could feel the heat between them. She could feel the physical pull. 
Stacey lifted her head to look in his eyes. He wiped her tears. He kissed her forehead and each eyelid. Stacey could feel the shift when it turned from comfort to sexual vibrancy. She yearned to fulfill the desire that he had awakened in her.  
He slanted his mouth over hers and their kiss was tender and sweet. He slowly worked his magic on her through his kiss. She forgot everything, but the deliciousness of his mouth on hers. He slid his tongue in between her lips and tasted her, slowly enjoying the silkiness of the kiss. 
Stacey felt as though she were on a cloud. She clung to him desperately. She could feel the strength in his arms as he held her close.  She sighed and they sank deeper into bliss. He stretched his frame on top of hers. His weight felt good on top of Stacey. He stroked her hair and she could feel her nipples harden in response to his masculinity pressed firmly against her.
They fit perfectly together. Where he was hard, she was soft and welcoming. This felt so right. Stacey never wanted this sensation to end. She knew there was more, but he was pulling away. His absence was keenly felt and left her dazed and confused. 
Stefan said, “You are too tempting. We need to stop this now before we go too far.” Her mind was screaming that it wasn’t far enough. But she couldn’t form words to put a sentence together to tell him so, and his rejection stung.  He didn’t want me? But clearly he was into this just as much as she was, so why on earth did he stop?
Stacey felt her eyes sting with tears and Stefan saw. “What’s this?” He pulled her closer and asked why she was crying. His comfort made her feel even worse now. “You don’t want me.” Stacey answered starkly.
“My darling let me assure you that couldn’t be further from the truth. I am sorry. I just meant to offer you comfort and my raging hormones took over. I really want your first time be special, not in reaction to the fear you feel now. I really did just mean to offer you comfort.” He looked at her to make sure she understood what he was saying.
Stacey shook her head, “But I want you.”
Stefan groaned. “Do you have any idea how difficult it is to resist you? Look at you. Your lips are swollen from our kiss; you are unbuttoned with breasts heaving and hair in sexy disarray. You’re making it hard to keep you an honest woman. Pun intended.” He laughed trying to diffuse the situation.
Stacey didn’t even know how her blouse had got unbuttoned, but she did not care. She wanted to be naked, not just unbuttoned. But her stubborn fiancé wanted to keep her innocent until the wedding. Frustration rolled off her in waves and he sensed it.
“I just want our first time together to be perfect. I thought you understood? I want you to be my wife when we make love. I think you’re that special.” He held her, waiting for the storm to pass. How could Stacey argue with him when he was making a case for her virginity? She had no words to convince him otherwise. If she had been more experienced she could seduce him. But that was the whole problem. Stacey had no experience with men. 
“How can you want to be with me when I don’t even know how to seduce you out of this stupid chivalrous mindset?” Stacey pouted.
He laughed again. “Two weeks isn’t long to wait.”
Stacey feared that if she were sick that two weeks might be all they had together. She didn’t know if she had the strength to fight this illness again. But looking at him, she knew he would be her anchor. The reason she would fight to stay on this earth. 

Chapter 8
Three days had passed and still no word about her test results. The worry was always in the back of her mind. Stefan and Nick were determined to pretend there was nothing amiss.  Either one or the other was constantly checking on her. It was sweet, but becoming tiresome. 
Stacey was at work and Nick had just gotten a clean bill of health from his doctor. Nick was suggesting that they go out to celebrate, when her phone buzzed. “Hello?” 
“Stacey. This is Dr. Landis. I received your test results. Can you come to my office?” His tone was very professional.
That made the feeling in the pit of her stomach worse. “Tell me now.” Stacey said numbly. She knew what he was going to say, but didn’t want to delay it.
“I’m sorry Stacey, but your leukemia is back. Come to my office so we can talk.” 
Stacey hung up her phone and looked up at Nick. He knew from her expression that the news wasn’t good. She felt like she was suddenly in a vacuum. She couldn’t breathe. How on earth was she going to find the strength to fight this? Nick pulled her into his arms.  “The leukemia?”
Stacey nodded her head and his hold on her was tighter.  She wanted to cry, but couldn’t let herself give into it. It felt good to have Nick’s support, but she wanted Stefan here. But she could barely speak. Stacey was trying to get a hold of her emotions when Nick released her and pulled out his cellphone. “Stefan, this is Nick. You need to get down to the hospital. Now.”
Stacey could hear Stefan’s muffled response on the other end of the line. Nick stuffed his phone back into his pocket. “Do you want to wait for Stefan to get here before you go down to talk to your doctor?”
Stacey nodded her head. “Don’t leave. When Stefan gets here, don’t leave. I need you too.”
So a short time later, Stacey was in Dr. Landis office with Nick on one side of her and Stefan on the other. The doctor said that he wanted to do a multi-drug chemotherapy regimen.  Nick and Stefan asked questions and the doctor answered them, but Stacey couldn’t focus. She was completely zoned out. This was so surreal. She had found the man of her dreams now she was sick and could die. It seemed a cruel twist of fate.
Stacey stood up and began to walk out. They turned to look at her. “Stefan, please drive me home.”  They all made moves to get her to stay. But she repeated, “Stefan, please drive me home.”
Nick and Stefan exchange wary glances. They nodded to each other and Stefan rose to see Stacey out. As she was leaving she could hear Nick making an appointment for the end of the week to get her back to the doctor.
Stacey had so much spinning through her head. She couldn’t believe she had everything she ever wanted only for it to be threatened like this. She felt empty inside; didn’t know how to respond, so she just let the waves of despair wash over her. She was feeling sorry for herself, but at the moment she didn’t have the strength to fight it.
But Stacey had to find the strength somewhere, because she couldn’t give up. Nick needed her. Stefan needed her. Mrs. Horowitz needed her. And she hadn’t had a chance to live her life yet. 
Stacey hadn’t said one word since they left the office and neither had Stefan. She wondered what he thought.  Now she worried if he wanted to be saddled with someone who had such a big battle ahead of them. For better or worse. In sickness and in health.  But he hadn’t taken those vows yet. Should she let him off the hook? Would he better off not having to go through this?
He let them into her place and ushered her in like she was made of glass. Stacey sighed seeing the beginning of the end. She was now fragile girl. Everyone always treated you differently when you had cancer. Like the illness could rub off on them. Tears threatened, but what good would they do? In the end, she was still going to have to go through the chemotherapy. Would probably still lose her hair, and could quite possibly lose the fight and her life.
Stacey missed her mom; she had been such a rock for her when she’d gone through this as a child. Now Stacey had to do this on her own; because she was slowly coming to the conclusion that she had to leave Stefan out of this. It would be the most selfish thing in the world to put him through this rollercoaster ride she was about to go through.
“You can go now.” Stacey said sullenly.
“What?” Stefan was perplexed by her statement.
“Stefan, I don’t think we should see each other anymore.” Stacey took off her ring and handed it to him.
He looked at the ring in his hand dumbstruck. Then anger flicked across his face. “Do you honestly think I’m going to walk away from you right now?”
“You don’t have a choice, because I don’t want you here.” Stacey stated flatly.
“Stacey I love you, of course I’m going to be here to see you through this.” Stefan exclaimed.
“See me through this! You have no idea what you’re talking about! I could die! Don’t you get it? I could die!” The tears she had been fighting spilled over. 
Stefan tried to pull her into his arms, but she pulled away. “Go now. Please.” The bone deep weariness had returned. She didn’t have the strength to fight him.
“Fine, I’ll leave right now, but this isn’t over. I love you.” He walked out the door and Stacey lay on the sofa and cried.
***
Stefan closed the door behind him and pulled out his cell phone to call Nick. “Hey man. Stacey needs you.”
“What?” Nick asked perplexed.
“She’s shutting me out. And I know she needs some support. Can you go over to her place?” Stefan asked feeling grim and desolate.
“Of course.” Nick responded sadly.
Stefan kept thinking about Stacey’s reaction. How would he have handled it if the situation were reversed? His instinct could very well have been to shut her out too. Well she may think she was going to shut him out of her life, and this fight but she had another thing coming.
But how was he going to convince Stacey of that? Stefan left to think of a plan to convince Stacey to help her through this.  He hit the speed dial on his phone again; this time calling this father. “Hey Dad. You got a minute?”
“Of course son, what’s up?” Dave asked.
“Stacey has been diagnosed with leukemia and she’s shutting me out. I don’t know what to do.” Stefan sounded defeated.
“Come on by, I’m at the house.” Dave replied.
Stefan drove to his childhood home and wondered would he ever have a chance to build something like this with Stacey. It seemed terribly wrong to have found Stacey after years of having been through woman after woman. He hadn’t known he was looking for “the one” but when he found her he realized how lonely he had been before her. She was everything he could have hoped for in a partner for life. She was kind caring and true. She was funny and great to just hang out with. And she was sexy as hell. He couldn’t lose her now. That just was not possible.
He pulled into his father’s driveway and rang the doorbell. Dave opened the door and pulled his son into a brief hug. “What can I do?” he asked.
“Dad I don’t know.  I know she is putting this distance between us because she is scared, but shouldn’t that be when she turns to me?” Stefan raked his hand through his hair clearly frustrated with the situation.
“Everyone deals with illness in different ways. But Stacey sounds a lot like your mother. When she first got her diagnosis, it was her instinct to shut me out as well, but I had the benefit of our years together to combat her fear. And that is what this is about. She’s scared. You have to be patient son.” Dave patted his son on the shoulder.
“How can I be patient when she won’t even let me be there for her? She broke up with me Dad. She gave me back her engagement ring.” Stefan was struggling to control his emotions.
“You can’t make it all about you. You’ve got to look at it from her perspective. Leukemia is scary; especially because it could end in her death.” Dave tried to soften the harshness of the statement, but it was the truth and he never sugar coated the truth.
“It’s just not fair Dad. I just found her.” Stefan exclaimed.
“Life isn’t fair Stefan. You know that.” Dave said. “I was lucky enough to have a lot of time with your mom, but it’s not enough. I can’t tell you what I’ve had to go through with that woman since she received her diagnosis. But I can tell you her first instinct was to save me from having to watch her deteriorate. We always try to shield the ones we love from pain. So know that she’s doing this because she loves you. Hold onto that and do what you can to wear her down.”
“Any suggestions?” Stefan asked.
“I’ll leave that up to you son.” Dave smiled.
     ***
Nick let himself into Stacey’s place and she started.  When she saw that it was Nick and not Stefan, she was relieved and disappointed at the same time. Nick walked over to her and gathered her in his arms.
He held her and the tears came again. “Oh Nick. I don’t know what I’m going to do.”
“We’re just going to take this one day at a time Stacey May. And this is the day where I let you wallow in the scariness of this situation. Cry on my shoulder and I will be here with Kleenex and no judgment.” 
“But, Jasmine,” she said protesting. Stacey didn’t want to get him in trouble with Jasmine especially when things were going so well.
“I told Jasmine I was spending the night with you. She’s OK with me being here.” Nick said.
“It just feels like I’ve been handed a death sentence.  I know it’s not the right attitude to have, but I can’t help it. I’m so scared. I mean really what are my chances of beating this again?”  Stacey laid her head on Nick’s shoulder drawing comfort from her best friends’ presence.
“Honey no one blames you for your fears, but don’t you think that Stefan should be here with you now?” Nick said gently.
“I can’t Nick. I can’t go through this with him. He’ll look at me differently. I won’t be the woman he desires if he sees me at death’s door, which is the way I felt the last time I went through this. Then it’s not fair to tie to him to me when I could not survive this. It’s better that he let go now.”  Stacey said full of despair.
“You’ve got to give him more credit than that. And you can’t make this big of a decision for him. Trust him Stacey, he’s a good man. He’s a better man than I am.” He squeezed her shoulder in comfort.
“You just don’t understand. I don’t even know if I have the strength to fight for my life, let alone worry about Stefan.” She started to sob again.
“I will leave this alone for now, but just know I think you’re making a mistake. But for right now, let’s make you some soup.” Nick got up and went to the kitchen.
“That sounds very comforting. Thanks for being here Nick.” She watched him putter around in the kitchen and thought about all he had said. She just couldn’t reconcile the disparity in her head of sexy Stacey and sickly Stacey. And if she couldn’t do it, then how could she ask Stefan to do it? It may not be logical, but it’s the way she felt. So he would just have to respect her feelings and stay away.
Stacey remembered all the days where she couldn’t even move from the floor beside the toilet so weak from vomiting. She remembered not having the strength to get out of bed to bathe herself. Sickness was something she was use to as a nurse, but seeing how Jasmine handled Nick’s injuries she knew she couldn’t even think about having Stefan react that way towards her. Which is what he would do, right?
Stacey wondered. But in the end, she was sparing him. She watched her mother day in and day out worry herself about whether or not Stacey was going to live. Stacey use to hate the fake cheerfulness that her mother put on like armor whenever she came to her hospital room.  It robbed her of her joy. She seemed to have aged twenty years while dealing with Stacey’s illness. Stacey was saving Stefan from that. She was doing the right thing. She knew she was. He may not know it, but she was doing the right thing.
Nick and Stacey ate the soup he cooked in companionable silence.  “Well let’s tuck you into bed,” Nick said after doing the dishes. 
Stacey got up; put on her pajamas and when she came back he was in just his undershirt and boxers. They had spent many nights together where they shared the same bed platonically so her gasp of surprise wasn’t because of his state of undress, she really didn’t think he was going to spend the night and she said so.
“I told you that Jasmine was OK with me staying the night with you.” Nick smiled indulgently.
“I appreciate it, but I’m not even feeling sick Nick. Why don’t we save this for nights when I’ll need you?” Stacey was really touched by the way he was ready to help her out.
Nick hesitated and she could tell he was battling himself so she said, “Really Nick. I don’t want you to put your life on hold for me. Go home to Jasmine; don’t let any chance to be with her go by.”
“I will say yes to this, because I know you’re going to need me when you’re really sick.” He got out of her bed and put his jeans and shirt back on. He then tucked her into bed and gave her a quick peck on her lips. “I love you Stacey May. Call me if you need anything.”
Stacey listened to him go out the door and lock it behind him. She wasn’t sure she would be able to turn off all the turbulent thoughts in her head to be able to fall asleep, but she sank into a dreamless oblivion within minutes.
***
Nick let himself into Jasmine’s place and found her in bed with her laptop in her lap. She looked up and immediately put it aside and opened her arms to him. He went blindly into them. His eyes stung at the relief of having this woman to share this heartbreak with.
“How is she?” Jasmine asked concern lacing her voice. He was relieved to hear it. Finally she really seemed to have gotten over her jealousy for Stacey.
“She seems broken. I’ve never seen her like this. She always tackles everything head on and she’s acting like she just wants to lie down and die.” Nick shook his head. “I don’t know what I’ll do if I lose her Jasmine.” Nick felt close to tears and didn’t want to give into that with Jasmine especially since she was just beginning to trust the platonic nature of his friendship with Stacey.
Jasmine held him tighter and he felt the soft curves of her feminine form. He needed to be with her now! He pulled her into a hungry kiss, feeling the need to affirm that he was alive with the woman he loved. He kissed her deeply his tongue imitating the carnal dance their bodies were about to do.  She tasted so sweet and gave eagerly back to him, like she knew exactly what he needed. 
He worried the kiss was an attack, but it was mutual.  Her fingers curled against his scalp pulling him closer. It felt as though they couldn’t get close enough. Nick tried to disrobe without breaking the kiss but his t- shirt had to come off over his head and there was no question that he had to be naked with Jasmine. There must be no barriers between them in this.
He hoped he wasn’t scaring her with his intensity. He looked deep into her eyes and saw nothing but desire and love mirrored back in them. This woman was his perfect mate. She always gave as good as she got. He smiled down at her as he reconnected the kiss.  The fire was building stronger. He wanted to be deep inside her now, but wanted to make sure she was ready too. He pulled up her silk night gown to find her completely naked underneath and smiled as she gasped at the cool air hitting her skin.
He kissed his way down her neck knowing his five o’clock shadow was tickling her. She squirmed but stayed close to the contact of his lips against her skin. She moaned deep in her throat at the erotic sensation.  He loved that she was so vocally responsive. 
Her breasts were so perfect, and they were just the right size. He was a firm believer that more than a handful was a waste. He caressed her intimately, enjoying her erotic vocal responses. He slid his hand down Jasmine’s body, exploring the soft satiny surface of her skin. Nick could wait no longer; he buried himself deep inside her warmth. 
Their rhythm was perfect. Their bodies  melded together in wondrous accord. Jasmine whimpered in need and Nick held onto tight control; wanting to make sure she reached her completion. Each touch and stroke was exactly what the other one needed. Their bodies playing a symphony that reached its fulfilling crescendo.
They both collapsed in a heap. Nick squeezed Jasmine and pulled her into a spooning position, her long limbs tangled with his. He slipped from her warmth, but stayed close and kissed her neck and shoulders. 
Jasmine was perfect. Nick wanted to marry her, but didn’t want her to think that it was in response to Stacey’s situation. So he kept the proposal that had been on his lips silent.

Chapter 9
Stefan’s assistant Jody Lawson had moved with him when he relocated to D.C. She was single with no family and was ambitious. She could very well run the division if she put a mind to it. He had plucked her out of the secretarial pool when she was a teenager and she had been with him since then.  She had been a high school drop- out and he had a soft spot for the underdog. She had earned her GED and was now getting her degree while working for him and he was amazed by her go-getting attitude.
Stefan depended on her; she was truly his right hand man; so to speak. Jody had grown into an attractive woman. She was as tall as he was, so when she wore heels she towered over him. She was a beautiful African American woman with voluptuous curves and he had been teased on more than one occasion for having the most attractive assistant. The guys were always asking if he had “tapped that.” But Jody actually felt like a daughter or at least what he imagined what it would feel like to have a daughter.
Normally he only had Jody do work related things; he was never a get me a cup of coffee kind of boss like some other executives. But now he was going to have to lean on her a bit more. He was grateful that he could ask this of her since they had such a long and companionable working relationship.  He called her into his office.
She came in with pen and paper ready to take notes. “Have a seat Jody.”
Something in Stefan’s tone alerted Jody. “What’s wrong?”
“I normally don’t ask you to help me with personal things, but I’ve got a situation.” Stefan said seriously.
“Whatever you need Stefan. How can I help?” Concern etched Jody’s brow.
“My fiancé is sick and I need...” Stefan couldn’t finish his sentence because she cut him off.
“Fiancé!  I didn’t know you were dating someone, let alone had asked her to marry you! Who is she? How did you meet? How long have you been dating?” Jody had stood in her exclamation.
Stefan motioned her to sit back down. “You know I keep work and my private life separate. Stacey is everything I could hope for in a woman and I love her deeply. We haven’t known each other long, but she is an amazing woman and I’m blessed beyond belief to have found her. She has been diagnosed with leukemia and on top of dealing with my mom’s dementia; I’m feeling a little overwhelmed and I’m going to need some help. “
Jody’s tone was sympathetic and reassuring, “Anything you need Stefan.”
It was a relief that he was going to be able to lean on Jody a little. She really was his right hand at the office. His mind was still trying to come to grips on how to get Stacey to realize that he wasn’t going to call off their engagement just because she was sick.  It was times like these he missed his mother’s wise advice, his dad was great, but he really missed his mom.
Stefan handed over the stack of papers he had been poring over to Jody. “I need you to go through all of these and see if you can come up with an option on where to have our sales convention. Oh and if you need help with what venue to choose, Nick’s girlfriend Jasmine is an event planner. Her number is in my contacts, mention my name and see if she can point us in the right direction. Can you pick up my shirts from the dry cleaners? I hate to ask...”
Jody nodded her head and left his office waving off his protests of doing personal tasks for him. He was sure whatever she came up with would work out, so the next step was to go through some contracts.  But his mind was not on the task at hand. All he could do was to wonder how he was going to overcome Stacey’s reluctance to allow him to take care of her.
He wasn’t going to give up. And he wasn’t going to let her give up either. The fear that gripped his gut at the thought she might not survive was overwhelming. The reality of it was beginning to sink in. He called Nick to see how she was doing, but had just gotten his voicemail. It was frustrating to just not be with her.
Nick was on the phone with Stacey when Stefan called and he didn’t look forward to calling him back. Stacey had been adamant on going to work and having everything seem normal. Nick knew how to deal with Stacey, but Stefan was another matter. His buddy was a good guy, but could sometimes be short on patience, so this situation with Stacey was going to test him greatly. Nick dialed Stefan’s number and took a deep breath. “Hey man.”
“I was just about to call you again.” Irritation was already dripping from his voice; Stefan knew it wasn’t Nick’s fault, but still couldn’t help resent that Nick could be close to Stacey and he couldn’t be.
“Stacey is fine Stefan. In fact she’s at work.” Nick said.
“At work! What the hell man! Why on earth would you let her go to work?” Stefan exploded.
“Do you know the woman? Once she has set her mind to something, there is no changing it. Besides she isn’t feeling sick. She needs to keep working for as long as she can.” Nick said.
Stefan felt at a loss as to what to do. “Nick how can I make her see reason?”
“You’re not going to be able to make her do what you want just by sheer force of will.  It’s going to take time to wear her down and make her understand your perspective. She’s scared, this is huge Stefan. Part of her argument in going back to work is that she doesn’t want to just sit imagining the worst case scenario. But then the other part is that even though she’s a nurse it doesn’t mean she gets free medical service. It’s going to be expensive to go through this even with her insurance.” Nick said.
Stefan felt a flare of hope. This was something he could do for her. He already made an absurd amount of money and so far all of his investments were solvent; which was quite the boast in these economically uncertain times. He had thought once they were married that he could ask Stacey if she wanted to be a housewife, but he had thought that she wouldn’t want to give up being a nurse. It seemed to be a fundamental part of who she was. “I want to take care of her medical expenses. How can I do it? I know she will refuse if I try to approach her. Do you have any connections at the hospital that might help?” 
Nick thought for a moment. “It looks as though things between her and Alyson have gotten better. Maybe I can approach her and see if she has any suggestions.”
“Let me know what you find out. Thanks Nick.” Stefan hung up feeling frustrated.  But he could never show that to Stacey. He was going to have to figure out how to handle this delicate situation; the wrong move could alienate her. Right now she thought she was sacrificing herself for the greater good; of that he had no doubt. But somehow he was going to have to prove her wrong.
*********
Stacey felt tired still. And it always helped her feel better when she was able to help someone else, so she was throwing herself into work.  Alyson walked up to Stacey and struck up a conversation. “I guess Nick has finished with his physical therapy? Isn’t he normally here around this time?”
“Alyson, you know he’s back with Jasmine now right?” Stacey couldn’t believe she still hadn’t given up on carrying her torch for Nick.
“Yeah I know. It’s just that since he’s such a player, I thought I might get another go around. He seemed like he was nicer to me since I was nicer to you.” Alyson had the good grace to blush.
“I appreciate the more positive flow between us. I don’t really have any girlfriends so it’s nice that we’re back on speaking terms. But Alyson, I don’t think Nick’s going to date you anymore. He seems pretty settled in with Jasmine. He loves her.” Stacey tried to say it as gently as she could, but she could see in Alyson’s eyes that it still hurt. 
“Yeah, I thought as much. How lame am I for still hoping? All the good men are taken. You just have no idea how hard it is find someone. It’s been a hard year for me.” Alyson lowered her head.
“Well we should go out on a man hunting mission. My church is having a singles social on Friday. You want to go?” Stacey asked hopefully.
Alyson responded, “I don’t want to be a third wheel for you and Stefan.”
Stacey considered telling her that Stefan and she were on an indefinite break, but a big part of why Alyson had thawed towards her was because she saw that Stacey really didn’t have romantic designs on Nick. She might not trust that Stacey wasn’t with Stefan to get to Nick. So she kept silent about it. “I’ll leave Stefan at home. This is a girl’s night out.”
Alyson smiled back at her. “Really? You would do that?”
“Of course.” She smiled at Alyson. She could use a fun night out. This actually would be good.
Alyson and Stacey parted ways and she had a smile on her face when her cell phone rang. It was Dr. Landis’ office. Great. There goes my good mood. “Hello?” She answered.
“Hi Stacey. This is Amanda from Dr. Landis’ office. I was just calling to schedule your chemotherapy session.” 
Boy that just took the wind out of her sails. “What date and time is available?” Stacey asked trying not to sound depressed.
“We have an opening on Friday at 4 p.m.” Amanda stated.
Stacey didn’t want to back out on Alyson when they had just made plans, but she wanted to start treatment as soon as possible. And once she did this, there would not be a desire to go out and socialize. She’ll just have to suck it up. It will be good for her to hang out with Alyson. “Let’s go ahead and do the 4 o’clock appointment Amanda.” She was resigned to toughing it out, she couldn’t let Alyson down.
Stacey called Nick to let him know when her appointment was going to take place.  A few moments after getting off the phone with Nick, Stefan called.
“Hi Stacey. How are you?” Stefan asked.
Stacey felt like screaming, “How do you think I am?  I have leukemia!” The anger at being sick was always just below the surface. But it did her no good to take that anger out on Stefan, so she just answered plainly. “I’m fine Stefan. What can I do for you?”
“I thought we could talk.” Stefan said.
“There’s nothing to talk about Stefan.” Stacey said.
“Stacey, you didn’t think I was going to just let this go. We need to talk about this.” Stefan was trying to reign in his temper.
“What’s the point Stefan? You’re not going to change my mind. Now I have to go, I am at work. Please don’t call again.” Stacey hung up feeling drained.
Why didn’t he understand she was doing this to spare him the pain? No time to wallow in it, a patient was being brought into the ER that needed assistance.

Chapter 10
Nick picked Stacey up to take her to her first chemotherapy session. She answered the door and was disappointed that it wasn’t Stefan. He had been calling several times a day, trying to get her to change her mind, but she wouldn’t talk to him. So she thought he might just show up and try to take her to the appointment, but he wasn’t there. 
Nick immediately saw the disappointment on her face and she turned away. 
“Stacey…” Nick began, but she cut him off.
“No Nick. I don’t want him here.” Stacey held her breath hoping Nick didn’t push; because if he did push the issue, she might cave in. She missed Stefan with every fiber of her being. But he would be better off without having to go through this anguish with her.
They went through the administration of the chemotherapy treatment with no problems. Dr. Landis even prescribed medication to counteract the nausea that she might experience, which she planned on taking right away.
Stacey told Nick that she was fine and that she had just finished her shift and was going out with Alyson.
“Nick?” Stefan stepped out from around the corner after he had watched Stacey get on the elevator. There was no way he wasn’t going to be here for her, even if she never knew it.
“What are you doing here man?” Nick asked nervously checking over his shoulder the way Stacey had gone.
“I just wanted to make sure that everything went ok with her first chemotherapy treatment.” Stefan said defensively. 
“She will be mad as hell if she knows you’re keeping tabs on her.” Nick argued.
“Do you honestly think she doesn’t know?” Stefan asked incredulously.
Nick raked his fingers through his hair and responded with tired frustration, “You’re probably right, but I’m walking on egg shells around her. I just never know what’s going to set her off. I’m trying to be here for her, but she’s not making it easy on me either.”
“I’m sorry to put you in the middle of this. I just need to figure out some time where I can actually see her, try to wear her down. I know if we were physically together, the pull we feel for each other will take over. But she won’t let me in the door. Whenever I try to stop by she just won’t even open the door.” Stefan was shaking his head.
“Hey! She is going to a singles function at her church tonight.” Nick exclaimed.
“A singles function? What on earth does that mean? Is she moving on?” Stefan felt devastated.
“No, no, she’s trying to find Alyson a boyfriend because she seems to still be hung up on me.” Nick quickly explained.
“So she’s going tonight, after her first chemotherapy treatment?” Stefan asked perplexed.
“Yeah I know, I said the same thing to her. She just didn’t want to let Alyson down since they seem to have gotten back to the friendship they had been developing before I wrecked it for them.” Nick smiled.
“What time does the social start?” Stefan asked excitement building.
“Six o’clock.” Answered Nick.
“Great. Looks like I have a plan.” Stefan smiled.
Nick had not bothered to talk Stefan out of showing up at the singles function because he could see that Stefan was at the end of his rope. He hoped that he was going to get through to Stacey, but knew how stubborn she could be. But he knew part of her really wanted to be with him so it really was only a matter of time.
Stefan walked into the recreation room at St. Patrick’s where Stacey attended church. It was full of people and he didn’t see her at first. But then he spotted her talking to Alyson and a tall blonde athletic looking man that he didn’t know. She had her hand on his arm and was laughing at something he had said. A pang of jealousy cut through his gut.  He didn’t want to overreact because Nick had said she had come to thing for Alyson. So he continued to watch.
***
“Could you get us some punch Joseph?” Alyson asked.
“Sure, I’ll be right back.” Joseph walked away.
“So what do you think of Joseph, Alyson?” Stacey asked trying to gauge her reaction. Joseph was an usher at the church and he had a very friendly personality. She hoped it would be a good match, but what did she know about love? 
Stacey had pushed Stefan away and was beginning to regret it, but was trying to continue to do what she thought was best for him. But oh how she missed him. She was trying to focus on what Alyson was saying, but out of the corner of her eye, she saw Stefan. Was she dreaming? No that was definitely him. His presence seemed to have filled the entire room.
He was leaning against a column in the rec room casually watching her. Alyson finally picked up on the fact that Stacey wasn’t paying attention to her and turned to see what had captured her attention. 
She frowned, “I thought you said Stefan wasn’t coming?”
Stacey frowned in return. “I didn’t even tell him about this function Alyson.”  She was going to kill Nick, she thought to herself.  Joseph returned with two glasses of punch. Stacey couldn’t decide whether or not to confront Stefan or to ignore him. The decision was taken from her when he walked up to their group.
“Hello.” Stefan said casually like he had all the right in the world to be there. Stacey could feel her breathing hitch, but she wasn’t sure if it was out of anger or because she could feel a sexual kick in her gut. She just stared up at him, not really able to say anything.
Alyson said, “What a surprise Stefan, Stacey led me to believe you were not going to be joining us this evening.”
Joseph interjected, “Oh, so this is your Stefan? Nice to meet you. Stacey has told us so much about you. And congratulations on your engagement.”
Stefan turned to Stacey with a raised eyebrow and responded, “It’s nice to meet you too.” 
“Joseph.” Stacey answered to Stefan’s unspoken question. He noticed that Stacey fidgeted with her empty ring finger; he smiled to himself. Stefan in turn shook Joseph’s hand.
There was an awkward pause where none of them knew what to say. It truly felt like only Stefan and Stacey were in the room and it was taking everything in her not to throw herself into his arms.
Joseph broke the silence and said to Alyson, “Would you like to take a tour of the grounds? We have a lovely rose garden out back.” Alyson was pleased by this suggestion, but Stacey panicked. What if Alyson wasn’t attracted to him and she thought Stacey was ditching her to be with Stefan.
But Alyson’s enthusiastic response cut that fear short. “I’d love to Joseph. We’ll see you later Stefan and Stacey.” She departed looking over her shoulder mouthing thanks to Stacey and taking Joseph’s arm as they walked towards the rear exit.
She was so relieved that Alyson was happy with the way things turned out that it took Stacey a moment to realize she really was going to have to have a confrontation with Stefan. She turned her head back towards him quickly to get this over with. But maybe she turned too quickly because the room suddenly tilted. And she had to reach out to Stefan to keep from falling.
The impartial mask that Stefan had been wearing disappeared immediately in his concern for her. Stacey tried not to lean into his strength, but she had none of her own at the moment. He was practically carrying her into the foyer. Stacey wanted to tell him to stop and to leave her alone, but it’s not what she really wanted.
Stefan was swearing under his breath, “Stubborn woman.”
That snapped her out of it. “I am fine Stefan. You can let me go.” 
“I don’t want to let you go. Now or ever. When are you going to believe that?” he stared down at her with a mix of frustration and love. It was almost comical.
She really wasn’t feeling well so she couldn’t laugh like she wanted to. The medicine to keep her from feeling nausea was causing other side effects. “Can you take me home?” Stacey whispered afraid that one wrong move would end her either face first on the floor or in a toilet bowl for the rest of the night.
“Of course.” Stefan replied. He supported her weight as they walked to his car. In his car, she closed her eyes, but she didn’t fall asleep. She just soaked up the feeling of safety that she felt when she was with him. 
When Stacey opened her eyes they were at his place. “What are we doing here?” 
“Well I figured if we were at my place you couldn’t kick me out.” Stefan got out of the car and opened the door for Stacey. She felt as though she should protest, but she really did want to be with him.  So she said nothing as he guided her towards his home.
Stacey had been to Stefan’s several times and she was always struck by how masculine his place was. But not because his home had sports paraphernalia on every wall; but it was just exquisitely, tastefully, Stefan. Every room was done in rich mahogany colors and accents. Every room was infused with sex appeal. Hard to say a room is sexy, but it was true.
He escorted her to his bedroom and she stopped in the doorway. She didn’t know why his bedroom was drawing a line, but it definitely was.
“Sweetie, I just want you to feel comfortable. You’re safe with me.” Stefan said softly.
Stacey knew she was safe with him, which is why she didn’t want to go into his bedroom. Her resolve to stay away from him was quickly vanishing. “But I’m right.” Stacey said.
“Right about what?” Stefan asked confused.
“That I shouldn’t drag you into this. I’m sick. You shouldn’t have to deal with this.” She said emphatically.
Stefan was thoughtful for a moment and said, “If I were sick, would you walk away from me?”
“No of course not, but I’m a nurse. I deal with sickness every day.  This is different.” Stacey was frustrated that he couldn’t see her point of view.
“But that doesn’t matter Stacey. I wouldn’t walk away from you just because you’re sick. And if you think that I could then you need to re-think the type of person you’ll allow yourself to fall in love with.” Stefan’s frustration was showing now.
“I’m trying to save you this misery!” Stacey exclaimed.
“The misery is being apart from you. It doesn’t matter to me that you’re sick. You’re still the woman I love. I’ve been trying to let you work through this how you see fit, but I can’t be shut out of your life anymore. Did you ever stop to think how it feels for me to have to watch you turn to Nick during this time in your life? I am the one you’re supposed to be in love with.” Stefan said the last words softly his voice choking on emotion.
Stacey hadn’t thought of that. Men and their pride.  She was in the fight of her life and he was jealous of Nick! “This is exactly what I didn’t want. Stefan I don’t have the energy to fight this illness and to coddle you through it too. I miss you, yes. I love you, yes. But you have no idea what I’m going through.”
“Of course I don’t because you have shut me out.” Stefan could feel that she wasn’t going to let him back in. He thought too late that he should have kept his insecurities about Nick to himself. But it was a sore spot to be on the outside looking in. He was losing the battle so it was time to take another tack.
Stefan grabbed her hands. “I love you. I am here in this fight with you. Let me in. I’m begging you.” He got down on his knees in front of her, tears glittering his eyes. No one, not even Nick had been this vulnerable with her.  “I love you with everything I am Stacey. I love you because of who you are and how you care. But you’re so busy being there for everyone else, who is there for you? I don’t want anything from you other than for you to let me love you. Let me take care of you.”
Stefan looked up at her and she couldn’t say no. She sank down on her knees in front of him. “I’m so sorry. I am so scared. I’m scared of you seeing me so sick. I’m scared that it will be too much for you to deal with and that you’ll leave, so I was doing it to you before you could do it to me. I am so in love with you but that comes with so many insecurities. It’s so hard for me to trust anyone, I don’t know why. But I just feel scared all the time. I don’t know how to fight this illness and fight for us too. But I’m going to trust you. I’m going to trust us.”
They were both crying in each other’s arms. It was a huge leap of faith, but one she wasn’t sorry to take. This was the most wonderful man in the world and he was in love with her. For the millionth time she asked herself how she got so lucky? 

Chapter 11
Life fell back into a regular pattern over the next few days. Stacey wasn’t scheduled for another round of chemotherapy for three more weeks. Stefan had learned not to be too protective, or to hover too much because it always made her feel like the “sick girl.” And those were the times when her temper would get the best of her. But Stefan stuck it out no matter what she threw at him. Stacey let Nick go back to his life with Jasmine and whenever she felt bad or scared, she called Stefan. It felt so good to have him at her side.
Their wedding was a conversation they avoided. Stefan wanted it to continue as planned and Stacey was hesitant.  They were planning a small ceremony with only close friends and family at St. Patrick’s. She already had her dress and they had the license. 
But in the end Stefan won the fight. Stacey was afraid that he was going to marry her only to end up losing her, but she finally realized that it didn’t matter if they were married or not, he would still feel her loss as keenly as she would if something were to happen to him.
Stacey continued her schedule at work and her volunteering, much to Stefan’s consternation.  But if she stopped it would feel like she was giving up her life. He understood on some level, but still wanted her to take it easy.
She insisted on doing everything that she would normally be doing. Besides being over tired, she didn’t really feel that bad. Stacey definitely missed making out with Stefan, but he was determined to keep her a virgin until her wedding day.  But it was just nice to be with him. His presence just made her feel better.
One evening after work she came home to find him putting a casserole in the oven. “You read my mind that’s exactly what I was going to do when I got here.” Stacey sighed as she went into his embrace.
“Well I am glad that I am anticipating and meeting your needs.” Stefan laughed.
Stacey almost said not all of them, but kept her mouth shut.  She sat down to pull off her shoes and rubbed the back of her neck trying to ease the soreness from her muscles.
“Long day sweetie?” Stefan asked full of concern.
“It must be a full moon because it was just packed in the ER today.” Stacey could hear the tiredness in her own voice.
“Would you like a massage?” Stefan asked.
Stacey held her breath at the suggestion.  It would be so wonderful to have him touching her in such an intimate way. He took her silence for hesitation.
“Let me do this for you. I have a very tender touch. And I promise that I will be a complete gentleman. Disrobe and lay tummy down on the bed.” Stefan said
Her heart drummed at a jack hammer pace. Stefan discretely left the room and that left her to decide how much disrobing she would do. She could be completely naked and tempt him, but wasn’t sure how confident she was in that plan. This was a first for her. Trying to seduce a man was beyond her realm of expertise, but being in such a state nakedness would certainly entice him. But was it too much?
Throwing caution to the wind, she left her panties on but kept a towel to modestly hide her breasts. That way he could massage her shoulders and back without the impediment of a bra. The panties she wore were very feminine and delicate. Nick would be proud that she wasn’t wearing granny panties. Stacey smiled at the thought. Most times, she was much more sensible. But the lingerie purchase had been a splurge after an argument months ago with Nick that she was too levelheaded.
Stefan knocked on the door and she scrambled onto the bed lying on top of the towel and said, “Come in.”
Stacey was afraid to look at his face when he saw that she was almost naked. But she heard his intake of breath and knew that he liked what he saw. She didn’t even try to hide her smile. She definitely felt a sense of womanly empowerment.
But then he turned the tables on her. He ran his warm hands down her back and she shuddered at the strength and tenderness displayed in his caress. The feeling was electric. He began to lightly skim the small of her back. Little shocks shot straight between her legs as he slowly circled down past her panty line. She jerked slightly not expecting him to go past her underwear.  
“So we’re a little ticklish are we?” He straddled her legs to keep her in place and lightly swatted her rear end, which made it fly into the air.
He groaned at the sight. “This is supposed to be a relaxing massage for you, so you can’t move that way. It’s too enticing.”
Stacey giggled at that and in turn wiggled her bottom more provocatively. He growled and lowered his full weight onto her back. She could feel his hardness pressing against her bottom.  The length and width of his maleness sent a thrill of excitement and fear through her.
He whispered in her ear. “Behave.” And began to kiss her ear, then her neck and slowly and tenderly down her back. Little light feathery kisses that set her skin on fire. He was fully clothed and against her bare skin the abrasiveness of the fabric just enhanced every sensation. 
Stacey wished he were as undressed as she. How could she entice him to take this further? She was ready to go all the way, but darn his chivalrous hide, he wanted to preserve her virtue. 
Men are only about sex, so how did she get the only one in the world who wasn’t?
Clearly he wanted her. She could feel the proof of it pressing eagerly into her. So she began a slow gyration, trying to seduce him into going further. He began to move with her, but suddenly stilled. 
“Woman!” he exclaimed. He raised his weight off of her back and crossed the room. He took a minute and stood breathing raggedly. 
“I can’t help it. You seem to elicit these reactions from me that I would have never consciously acted on before.” Stacey turned over on her side to look at him. He stood still breathing heavily, with his eyes closed. She lowered the towel that she had been using for modesty from covering her breasts. So when he opened his eyes and saw her lying there with only her lacey scrap of panties on, he gasped in shock.
Stacey had been so hesitant about a physical relationship before, but now her hormones had taken over. All she could think of was how she could get his man to seal the deal.
“We can wait until our wedding night. We’re so close. We can wait.” Stefan said his voice rough with pent up desire.
“A week isn’t promised to any of us Stefan.” Stacey said softly as she picked up the towel and covered herself.
Stefan groaned and pulled her into his arms and kissed her roughly. She met his intensity with flaming need of her own.  It felt like she couldn’t get close enough to him. She pulled back so that she could take off his shirt. He looked at her. “Are you sure?” 
Stacey didn’t even answer him. She unbuttoned his pants and slid them from his hips along with his boxers. She had seen the male anatomy before, but never had she thought it to be a thing of beauty. Stefan was like a Greek god. She stared at him in wonder. He exuded sensual power and strength.  He looked at her with such tenderness.
“You are so beautiful.” Stefan whispered in her ear. His warm breath tickled her ear, but the sensation felt erotic at the same time. Stacey reveled in his touch; it was so strong and sure. She surrendered to all the feelings that he was evoking.  The light kisses he had been showering down her back were now rained down on her from the front. Her body tingled with anticipation as his kisses moved from her neck to her shoulder. Every part of her body was begging for attention. She wanted his mouth everywhere at once.
Her breasts felt heavy; aching for his touch.  He did not disappoint. His hand began to squeeze and knead the soft sensitive flesh. He lavished each one with tender kisses and light suckling.  It was heaven. She held his head in place, never wanting him to stop creating this electric sensation. 
Stacey’s body knew there was more but she didn’t know how to ask for what it needed. She felt like she was drowning in this pleasure pool of Stevan’s making. She could feel his hardness pressed against her hip. She wanted to touch him, but was too lost in feeling to move.  So she surrendered herself to the magic he was working on her body.
Her body felt adrift in a sea of erotic sensations. The things she felt at each touch set her heart afire. And Stefan was so sensitive to it being her first time. His hands roamed all over her body as if he cherished this moment more than anything else in his life. 
He then covered her body with his and eased his length into her, she felt stars behind her eyes. “Look at me.” Stefan ordered. The wonder on his face when we buried himself deep inside her fueled the ecstasy that she felt. The pain was minimal and Stacey was grateful that he had worked her body into such a fevered state that she didn’t even pause when that moment came. She just knew there was more, an end that she was climbing toward and she needed that. She needed Stefan’s touch. 
“You OK?” 
“Oh yes!” Stacey sighed.
They slowly built the pace looking into each other’s eyes and savoring the complete connection between them. He controlled the pace and she matched his movements.
“You feel so good.” Stefan groaned.
Stacey wrapped her legs around him to pull him closer. She felt like he couldn’t get close enough. The friction that created was delicious. The feeling that had been close before, now came crashing down on her. She was so close to something so magical and allusive.
Stefan began to speed up his rhythm and she could tell he was with her. He moaned.
“Love me Stefan” Stacey closed her eyes savoring the sensations that his thrusting engendered in her. She reached up to him to pull him closer and that new angle pushed her over the edge and Stefan came with her. It was glorious.
“I love you Stacey.” Stefan rolled onto his back and pulled her against his side. They were a perfect fit. She felt so safe, loved and protected.
“I love you Stefan.” She began to drift off into an easy slumber.
“Marry me Stacey.” Stefan whispered.
“Stefan…” She began, but he could tell from her tone that it was not the answer he wanted.
“I love you Stacey. I want to be your husband and take care of you. I want to love you like this every day for the rest of our lives. And I don’t care if you are sick. Let me in Stacey. Let me show you that I’m the man you were meant to be with.” Stefan kissed her and she could feel the passion begin to build again.
She was scared, but she did trust Stefan more than anything and it really was what she wanted so she whispered back, “Yes Stefan. I will marry you.”
“Let’s do it today.” Stefan said eagerly.
“Today?” Stacey exclaimed.
“Forgive me if I want to ride my momentum and make sure you don’t change your mind again.” Stefan said smiling.
“But what about our friends and family?” She asked.
“We can have a big ceremony when you’ve gotten a clean bill of health.” Stefan insisted.
“Won’t we need witnesses?”  Stacey asked
“I don’t know if we need to in this day and age, but why don’t you call Nick, I know you’d like him to be there.” Stefan said.
Stacey loved it that he knew she would want Nick there. He had picked up his cell phone and was dialing.
“Who are you calling?” Stacey asked.
“Father Morgan to see if he can just marry us in his office.” Stefan said.
Stacey smiled up at him, but then he cautioned. “If he is too busy to do it today, we will go to the courthouse sweetie. Get busy and call Nick.” Stefan swatted her rear and was very authoritative.
Stacey called Nick and he answered on the first ring. “Hey Nick.”
“I was just about to call you.” Nick said.
“You were? Why?” She asked.
“Just to check on you. How are you?” Nick asked.
“I’m wonderful. Stefan and I are getting married today.” She beamed.
She could hear Stefan in the next room. She couldn’t hear what he was saying, but she knew from his tone that he was trying to convince Father Morgan.
“What?” Nick exclaimed.
“Yes, Stefan and I are getting married today and I would love it if you and Jasmine could be our witnesses. It wouldn’t be right if you weren’t there Nick.” Stacey said.
To his credit Nick didn’t ask what the hurry was. “What time?” Nick asked.
“I don’t know, hold on. Let me see how Stefan is making out with Father Morgan.” She went into the living room to see what progress Stefan was making and she heard the end of his conversation.
“I really appreciate it Father Morgan, it will mean the world to Stacey.” Stefan turned to her and smiled.
“I take it he agreed to do the ceremony.” Stacey returned his smile. “Nick wants to know what time.”
“An hour.” Stefan said
“An hour?” Stacey exclaimed.
“An hour?” Nick exclaimed.
“I’ll see you at the church.” Nick said and hung up.
“I can’t be ready for our wedding in an hour Stefan!” She asserted vehemently.
“You’re wasting that hour arguing with me. Father Morgan only has this one opening today sweetie. So you decide, if you really want him to do it or if you will just make do at the courthouse, but either way we are getting married today.” Stefan stated flatly.
She thought about arguing with him, but she really didn’t want to. She was glad that he was taking control and making these decisions. It felt so good to have him to rely on. She didn’t think of herself as the type of woman who was ruled over by her man, but it was nice to have his strength to depend on.
“OK Stefan.” Stacey said.
The surprise showed clearly on his face. “I was expecting more of an argument.” 
“I am not going to fight you anymore. I love you and I want to be your wife. Now get out so I can get ready. See you at the church.” She laughed shooing him out the door, he pulled her into a searing kiss and she almost forgot to breathe.
“I love you too and I can’t wait to be your husband. See you at the church and don’t be late. He only has a 15 minute window to perform the ceremony.” Stefan kissed her again quickly this time and left.
Stacey took the quickest shower she had ever taken in her life, and then settled in front of her closet to find something to wear. Stacey wanted to save the wedding dress she picked out for the big wedding, but that meant she would have to find something suitable for today. Most of her wardrobe was functional, so she really didn’t have that many choices. She had absolutely nothing white. She had a beige colored pant suit that she had worn to a college friend’s wedding a couple of years ago, but that wasn’t calling her now. 
All the way at the back of her closet she found it. It was a dress that she had bought several years ago on a whim, not knowing when she would ever wear something like it. It was a pale peach silk dress with a skirt that flowed and swished when she walked. The top was a fitted bodice that accentuated her cleavage. 
She slipped it over her head and almost took it off. She had lost weight. The dress was a little loose on her now, but it really did make her look feminine and complimented her coloring.  Too bad she didn’t have time to take it, but it didn’t look bad enough for her to change her mind.
But what shoes to wear with it? She had never worn the dress, so she didn’t have matching shoes. And none of her sensible shoes would look appropriate with the dress. So she had to run to get a pair of shoes. Did she have time? Less than an hour. It would be pushing it, but there was nothing else that could be done.
Stacey ran out the door with the dress on a hanger and her purse which she threw a little makeup into. She didn’t usually wear it, but she thought it might cover the dark circles that were a constant under her eye these days. 
She hit a Payless shoe store and didn’t find an exact match, but close enough for her purposes. When she pulled into the parking lot, Nick was pulling into the spot next to hers. Stefan’s car was already here.
Nick was there, “You’re cutting it pretty close aren’t you?” 
“Where’s Jasmine?” Stacey asked.
“She couldn’t get out of her meeting,” said Nick.
“Do we have to have a second witness?” Stacey asked panicking.
“I called Stefan to ask what he wanted to do and he was calling around.” Nick said.
“Oh no. What if we can’t find someone?” She fretted.
“Don’t worry, if I have to grab the bum on the corner, you’ll have someone here. Not sure if it’s legally necessary, but we will have all the bases covered.” Nick reassured.
She ran into the bathroom and began to change. Nick walked into the rest room behind her and helped her get ready.  He zipped up her dress and handed her a mini bouquet of flowers. They were just perfect for her dress. He even helped pin the dress in the back so it wouldn’t look like it was hanging off her frame.
Nick’s cell phone rang; he answered it and after listening for a few moments put it back in his pocket.
“Who was that?” Stacey asked.
“Stefan got his assistant to step in, and she just pulled into the parking lot. We are just waiting on you my love.” Nick smiled broadly at her.
“This is really happening isn’t it?” She beamed at Nick.
“Yes it is. And I couldn’t be happier for you Stacey May.” Nick pulled her into an embrace.
She had to dab at her eyes with tissue. She was feeling very emotional. But she had to pull it together. Father Morgan only had a 15 minute window and she didn’t want to miss it. She was anxious to become Stefan’s wife. Now that she had let go of her fear of him being with her while she was sick, she couldn’t wait.
Nick said, “Bend over.”
Stacey did and he brushed her hair so that it would look more voluminous.
She finished her light application of make-up and they were done.
He walked her into Father Morgan’s office where Stefan stood next to a beautiful African American woman, in a very stylish and professional looking suit. But Stacey just had eyes for Stefan. He was wearing an expensive looking suit that was perfectly tailored to his lean frame.
She walked up to him in front of Father Morgan’s desk. Father Morgan stood up and opened his bible. “I’m so glad that I’m able to do this for you two. Stefan you are a very lucky man and I expect you to take special care of this lady.”
Stacey smiled at Father Morgan. He had been a good friend over the years and had always appreciated her help with the sick and shut-ins at the church.
Stacey looked at Stefan and was overwhelmed at the love that she felt for him. He was such an amazing man and he had her heart completely. Stefan said a heartfelt “I Do” and she realized that she hadn’t heard another word Father Morgan had said, so she turned her attention to him now as he was saying,” In the name of God, do you Stacey take Stefan to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, until you are parted by death?”
Until we were parted by death, that one phrase closed her throat and she feared she would be unable to give her response. A single tear rolled down her cheek as she whispered, “I do.”
Stefan wiped her tear and pulled her into his embrace and kissed her all at the same time.  Father Morgan laughed as he pronounced them man and wife. It was a beautiful moment. She was so happy. He was so happy. Whatever happened with the leukemia they would make the most of the time they had.
Stefan still hadn’t released her so Nick pulled us apart. “Alright you two, get a room.”
Stefan laughed, “I plan to.”
The beautiful woman Stacey didn’t know stepped up and said, “Congratulations Mrs. Spencer.”
Stefan said, “Boy I like the sound of that.” And pulled Stacey into another kiss.
“Alright boss, let the woman breathe.”  Everyone laughed.
“You just don’t know how hard it was to get her to marry me Jody. Oh Stacey, this is my assistant Jody.” Stefan said.
“Thank you so much for being our witness. Not sure if this day could have happened without you.” Stacey said as she took Jody’s hand and shook it.
“You’re very welcome and very lucky,” said Jody.
“Don’t I know it!” Stacey smiled at Stefan. He was turning to Father Morgan.
“Thank you Father for fitting us in.” Stefan was shaking his hand.
“My pleasure.” Father Morgan responded as he walked towards the door. “I do have a funeral service to preside over so I must take my leave of you.” He kissed Stacey on the cheek and left.
“Jody if you can handle the office for the next couple of days so that I can give my bride a mini honeymoon, I would appreciate it. Just email me with anything urgent.” Stefan shook his assistant’s hand, and she pulled him into a hug.
“I’m so happy for you!” Jody pulled Stacey into the hug and then abruptly released them. “Sorry I don’t usually breach people’s personal space.”
Stefan laughed. “It’s OK Jody. Today is special.”
Nick hugged Stacey and whispered in her ear, “I love you Stacey May. Let go and let this man love you. You deserve it and so much more.”
Nick’s warm words brought tears to her eyes. She squeezed him harder and said, “I love you too. Thanks for always having my back.”
Nick embraced Stefan and said, “Cherish her man, she’s the best.”
“You don’t have to tell me.” Stefan pulled her to his side and they all left Father Morgan’s office.

Chapter 12
“I’ll come back and pick up your car once Jasmine gets off of work.” Nick said. He had her extra car key so it was no problem for him to do that. Stacey had relied on Nick for so long it was an adjustment to know that Stefan would do all those types of things and more. My husband. Stacey was still having trouble wrapping her brain around the fact that not only did Stefan love her, but he was the one who pushed for them to get married. 
“Where are we going to live?” Stacey asked Stefan as they pulled out of the church parking lot.
“Wherever you want to live, sweetie. I am not tied to my apartment. My lease is up in about 6 months, but we could buy a house. I’m financially set to be able to do that.” Stefan said smiling at her.
“We never even talked about this kind of stuff. Did we rush this?” Stacey asked, but as soon as she did, she remembered Nick’s words to let Stefan love her. Stacey did have a knack of sabotaging their relationship. She wasn’t going to do it this time. “Never mind, I don’t need to answer every question this minute. I just want to bask in the glow of being your wife.” She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
“I like your attitude Mrs. Spencer.” 
“Boy I like the sound of that.” She rested her head on his shoulder.
“Are you tired?” Stefan asked concern coloring his voice.
“A little. Now that all the excitement is over, I’m a little bushed.” Stacey squeezed his arm reassuring him. She was hoping that he wasn’t thinking that her being tired was the leukemia.
They pulled into a parking garage of a hotel she had never seen before. “Where are we?”
“It’s the Tabard Inn. Jody found it for us. We have the next 3 days to sit back and enjoy.” Stefan smiled at her with such love and devotion.
“You’re so good to me.” She beamed at him.
They checked in and went to their room. It was very stylish and boutique like. Stefan picked her up and carried her over the threshold. He laid Stacey on the bed and kissed her. It was a slow and tantalizing kiss. It was a kiss that conveyed the love they felt for each other. Stacey ran her fingers through his hair as they tasted each other hungrily. 
“I love you so much Stacey. Thank you for agreeing to marry me. I know it wasn’t easy for you to let go and let this happen. I promise every day to make you happy with your decision.”
He got up and she protested. “Hey where are you going?”
“I’m going to draw you a bubble bath and let you relax. Then I’m going to order up some food so that we can enjoy our first meal together as husband and wife.” Stefan gave her a quick peck on the lips and went to the bathroom.
Stacey ran a finger across her lips feeling them tingle from the kiss they had shared a moment ago. This is truly bliss. Mrs. Spencer. She really was married to Stefan. She wanted to make him as happy as he made her, but didn’t even know where to begin.
The best way would be to do to him what she would want done to her she thought. Stacey undressed and went into the bathroom.  Stefan was checking the temperature of the water as the tub was filling with water and bubbles were steadily rising on top of the water. The scent was soothing. “Lavender?” She asked.
“Yes. You like?” Stefan asked taking in her lack of apparel with appreciation.
“Yes. I like.” Stacey answered and stood on her tip toes to kiss him. “Join me?” 
“You don’t want food?” Stefan asked.
“Right now all I want is you.” She answered slipping her arms around his neck kissing him deeply trying to show him how much she loved him. His arms came around her pulling her closer.  “You have on too many clothes Mr. Spencer.”
“Well let’s fix that problem right now Mrs. Spencer.” Stefan undressed with quick efficiency. He kissed her again using his tongue to explore her mouth with determined fervor. His hands slid down her back cupping her bottom. Stacey pulled back and said teasingly, “the water will get cold.” 
He stepped into the tub and held her hand for Stacey to follow. They settled into the warm luxurious water and she sighed. It felt so good. She leaned against him. He began to soap her body using his large hands to rub and soothe the day away. Stacey felt like Jell-o. She sighed again. 
The sensation soon began to change from languid relaxation to sexually charged sensitivity. The moment she felt his male member grow and harden against her back everything felt heightened. Stacey wanted to take control and give him a wonderful experience like he had given to her, but she wasn’t sure how.
She began to imitate his actions and soap up his body the same way he had done for her. She turned to face him and water sloshed over the sides. They laughed. “Maybe we should move this exploration to the bed.” She suggested. 
Stefan stood and unstopped the drain, then pulled her with him as he sponged the soap off the both of them. He got out first. He grabbed a towel and began to use it slowly drying every part of her body. So Stacey in turn grabbed another towel and began to copy his actions; slowly drying his back and his chest in sensuous circles. When Stacey began to move lower, he took the towel from her hands wrapping it around his waist. 
They walked to the bed and she sat on the edge. Stefan stood in front of her and leaned over to kiss her. As their mouths melted together she removed his towel from his hips and let it drop to the floor. He was surprised that Stacey was taking the lead. 
She was so anxious to please him.  She ran her hands down his chest, past his chiseled abs and did not stop her caress when she encountered his jutting manhood. He stopped breathing at her touch. 
It was such an empowering sensation. He was totally in her thrall. A moan escaped his lips and it was the enticement that spurred her to really take control.  She straddled him and took him deep into herself. Up and down slowly, imitating what he had done to her earlier.
“Ah, woman. I won’t last long if you keep that up.” Stefan tried to stop her movements, but she was determined to make the most of being able to explore his body. She pressed her naked body against his not allowing his length to ease from her body. She began to kiss his neck and down his chest. She wanted to know every inch of his body.
Stacey picked up the pace and watched as his eyes rolled to the back of his head. She smiled. She began to ride him in quick hard strokes. Stacey felt completely in control of the situation keeping the raging fire she felt building at bay. But then Stefan began  his own assault on her body and she was lost. The sensations he evoked shot straight to her core.
She felt like she was on fire. Every part of her felt like she was radiating heat and the most intense energy.  Stacey was frantic in her motions now, Stefan used one hand on her hip to steady her rhythm and then with the other hand, Stefan touched her most intimate self and it felt like she exploded into a million pieces. And her pulsing around him caused him to shatter. It was glorious. She collapsed on top of him trying to catch her breath.
“Mrs. Spencer, that was amazing!” Stefan said. She could hear the smile in his voice. 
“You’re telling me!” Stacey exclaimed.
“Maybe some sustenance now?” Stefan queried
“What? We can’t live on love?” She quipped.
“I have a practical side, and it’s about to start growling.” Stefan laughed.
Stefan ordered a pizza and a bottle of wine. The entire time he was on the phone ordering room service Stacey was kissing his back and caressing his torso. When he hung up the phone she asked the question that had been buzzing around her head. “So was that OK? I wanted to return the favor from yesterday, but I’m not experienced...” She trailed off not wanting to sound like she was judging him because he had more sexual experience than she did.
But he didn’t take it that way.  He pulled her in front of him and kissed her. “Woman I couldn’t have asked for a better lover. You were amazing. I was lucky to have lasted for as long as I did.”
Stacey smiled. “Is it OK to ask things like that? Somehow I feel like I should be embarrassed.”
“No sweetheart. We are going to share our lives and the only way we can do that is to communicate. Never be afraid to ask a question or to say what’s on your mind.” Stefan looked at her intently trying to read her expression.
“You’re right. I know it, but sometimes you may have to call me on it. I tend to take care of others so it’s new to let you take care of me.” Stacey said sheepishly.
“No, really?” The sarcasm was dripping from his voice.
They both laughed.
The pizza came and they sat together wrapped in a sheet and ate pizza. “I never thought I’d get you here.” Stefan said as he fed her a bite of pepperoni.
“The biggest battle was with myself. You are wonderful, but I still have a hard time understanding why you love me. But I’m not going to doubt it anymore, I’m your wife. Amazingly and astonishingly enough, I am your wife.” The smile on her face was so wide that her cheeks actually hurt.
The three days that they spent in the hotel room was a little slice of heaven. They loved and laughed and got to know each other’s bodies. It was living a fantasy that Stacey had never even thought was possible to have.
But then reality set in. They had to get back to real life.

Chapter 13
They decided to live in Stefan’s place. It was newer, bigger and nicer so it made sense for Stacey to move. But it was bittersweet because she would no longer be a block away from Nick. Nick and she were packing up her place and it hit her that she was a married woman and moving away from the only meaningful relationship she had ever had outside of her mother.
“I’m going to miss you Stacey May.” Nick pulled her ponytail that she had her hair up in. It was such a brotherly gesture that tears formed in her eyes. She couldn’t talk past the lump in her throat so she just hugged him. 
Before he could diffuse the situation with wry humor which might have hurt her feelings Stacey said “So when are you going to make an honest woman of Jasmine?”
“Believe it or not I was actually thinking along those lines.” Nick said as he packed more books into boxes from the shelves. “But do you think she would have me?” Nick sounded uncharacteristically unsure of himself.
“Of course, she loves you.” Stacey answered.
“I hurt her bad Stacey. I know she has forgiven me, but sometimes it looks like she’s just waiting for the other shoe to drop.” Nick stated flatly.
“Nick, don’t beat yourself up. You weren’t ready for a serious relationship. Yes you handled it badly, but you’re rebuilding trust. She loves you.” She put her hand on his shoulder to reassure him.
“What am I going to do without being able to just walk in your door anytime I want? Stefan is a good man, but I’m mad at him for usurping my place in your life as the most important person in the world.” Nick laughed.
Stacey had never been in love with Nick, but she did love him to his core. So his teasing hit a sensitive spot. And the tears that had welled up earlier, now spilled over.
“Hey what’s this?” Nick was immediately concerned. 
“I’m just being silly.” She sniffed back tears. “We will still see each other all the time. But it does feel like a chapter in my life is over.”
“But a new one is opening. I am so happy for you Stacey.”  Nick pulled her into his arms and pulled her in for a hug.
When he released her it seemed like the world tilted. One moment she was safe in Nick’s arms the next she was in a hospital bed.  She turned her head and saw both Stefan and Nick sitting by her bedside. 
My men. They loved her so much. And she loved them.
“What happened?” Stacey asked groggily.  
“Besides, you scaring the life out of me…” Nick said patting her leg.
Stefan who was holding her hand said, “They are running tests to try to figure that out.”
Nick stood, “I’ll leave you two. Stacey May don’t ever scare me like that again.” Nick’s voice was full of emotion. Stacey looked to see tears in his eyes as he exited the room.
“Stefan, can you check on Nick to make sure he’s ok?” 
Stefan hesitated, like he wanted to argue but decided against it. He got up and walked out the door and saw Nick standing down the hall his tall frame shaking. As Stefan got closer, he could see he was weeping. “Sorry man, I didn’t mean to lose it. She just scared the hell out of me. You have no idea how much that woman means to me.”
Stefan knew it was illogical to be angry but he couldn’t help it. The jealousy of his longtime friend was something he struggled with constantly and this felt like it was just too much. “How much she means to you? She’s my wife!”
Nick took the defensive stance as well. “But she’s been my life for over five years. You can’t come along and know her all of 3 months and expect to come close to understanding how much I love her.”
Stefan was shocked. “You arrogant son of a bitch! It’s not about you! She is in there fighting for her life and all you can think about is poor Nick! Grow up Nick! The world doesn’t revolve around you. 
Nick reared back and punched Stefan right in the face. “Don’t you think I know that? I gave her up so she could be happy with you.” Nick bowed his head defeated. “But I’m still entitled to be scared of losing her,” he said in a hoarse whisper.
Maybe if Nick hadn’t hit him, the fear in Nick’s voice would have reached Stefan. But his aching jaw just fueled the rage and terror he was feeling. “You gave her up? You gave her up?” Stefan repeated.
Nick tried to back pedal, “I didn’t mean it like that.  I just know if I had told her that she couldn’t date you, you wouldn’t be married right now.”
The shock was written all over Stefan’s face. The urge to hit Nick was strong, but the fear that he was right was just as strong so he hit back with words. “You’re just upset that she is no longer bowing prostrate before the alter of your vanity.”
It was just the wrong thing to say. But Stefan knew how much it would hurt. He knew he was hitting below the belt and for no reason. It was fear of losing Stacey that had them both overreacting. But there seemed no way to pull back from it. Nick was about to hit Stefan again and a small part of Stefan welcomed it. But at the last moment, Nick’s arm was halted midair.
Dave had walked up and saw what was happening and stopped Nick before he could hit Stefan. “Boys!” 
And it felt like they had been taken back to the time when Nick and Stefan had fought over Sandy Brighton in the 8th grade.  Both men stood apart assessing one another. Dave’s words barely penetrated the intensity of the situation. “Take it down a notch fellas. This isn’t going to do Stacey any good.”
At the mention of her name, both men took another step back from each other. “You’re right Dad.” Stefan turned around and went back towards Stacey’s room. But he turned back and looked over his shoulder and said to Nick, “I’d appreciate it if you’d give me and my WIFE some privacy.” He opened the door and walked into Stacey’s room and didn’t look back.  If he had, he would have seen the stricken look on Nick’s face. 
Dave tried to comfort Nick, but Nick brushed him off. “See you later Dave.” And he walked away feeling like his whole world had just crashed around him.

Chapter 14
Nick was feeling like he was in a downward spiral. He had the best intentions when he left that room. He didn’t want Stacey to see how scared he was. But somehow it had turned into an altercation with Stefan, which really had nothing to do with Stacey. They had always had a competitive relationship and Nick had thought that was part of the appeal. They always pushed each other to be better. But maybe it ran deeper than that for Stefan.  Nick was replaying conversations in his head that he’d had with Stefan over the years.
Once when Nick had been made the captain of the Lacrosse team in high school he and Stefan had butted heads. It had been an easy sport for Nick to pick up. Most things had come easy to him in his life, except in the family department. His father was always jet setting around doing whatever billionaires do. He had been raised with his mother who drank away her disappointment that having Nick hadn’t trapped his father like she thought it would. So when Nick had met Stefan he had envied him. His parents were so in love and loved Stefan so much. As luck would have it, they had enough love to include Nick.
Stefan would never know what it was like to wonder if your parents loved you. It should never be a question. It should be automatic, but it wasn’t for Nick. And for that reason, he always envied Stefan.
But all Stefan could see was that Nick had all the nicest newest of everything. Nick’s father, Jason was good at paying his way out of the guilt, if he even felt any. Jason Faulks would never see his kid in a pair thrift shop shoes. He had the best of everything material, but that didn’t make up for the absence of a parent loving him.
Nick was always good looking so he always had the attention of the girls in school without having to work for it.  It was only because Stefan was friends with Nick that Stefan got included in social activities. Stefan was a gangly and nerdy kid back then. Now he was lean and very athletic. Stefan was the nicer of the two so when Nick would disappoint some girl, Stefan was there to pick up the pieces.
But Stefan had a natural ability for Lacrosse and had thought he was the one who should have been captain. When he didn’t, he quit the team and they hadn’t talked for 2 weeks. They would pass each other in the hall and go out of their way not to make eye contact. Sophia, Stefan’s mom was the one that forced them to work through that particular squabble.
There had been some flare ups over the years but they had decided to never let a girl come in between them. They had a huge falling out over Madison Brooks. Both had been attracted to the popular cheerleader and she had reveled in the attention both boys were giving to her. So when Stefan found Nick and Madison making out there had been a big blow up where they said hurtful things that were echoing in Nick’s mind now.
This felt like that, but worse. It was a terrible time for them to let their insecurities and egos collide. Stacey was what was important. But Nick couldn’t shake the feeling that Stefan had stolen something precious from him. Stacey really had been his lifeline for what felt like forever. She was just a pure soul, and Nick hadn’t messed that up. He had known that he could seduce her if he put any effort into it. But he didn’t want to cheapen what they had with sex. 
He had long ago given up trying to define his relationship with Stacey. But it felt like she was his. So it had been somewhat a relief to relinquish her to Stefan. He wouldn’t have that responsibility any more. But the thought of her dying was too much for him to bear. 
She had pulled him through the darkest time in his life and had been there every step of the way. Recovery for an addict isn’t easy. But she had made him want to be a better person. He loved her; it was as simple as that. Nick wasn’t one to give his love easily; because he didn’t get it at home he had issues with intimacy. Therapy had taught him that much. But he had over compensated and put all of that into Stacey. She was worth it. And she gave so much in return. 
She cherished him, but not as a lover. That’s what made the difference. She hadn’t known his father gave him a big fat trust fund. She wasn’t fawning over him to get him into bed because of his good looks. Stacey saw him as the flawed person he was and loved him anyway. That was something he wasn’t going to lose. Stefan be damned!
In the back of Nick’s mind he knew this wasn’t a good road to go down, but pride was a powerful thing.
He walked into his apartment and saw Jasmine. For a moment, he had forgotten all about her. His thoughts had been so troubled. But when he saw her he realized that he couldn’t hold onto his anger with her there. She would get jealous and he couldn’t lose her too. So he put a big smile on his face and determined to let it go.
“Hey sweetie.” She brightened when she saw him. She had been frowning at something on her laptop. But now her eyes lit up at the sight of Nick.
Nick felt love for her and a sense of contentment that he hadn’t been aware of. When had Jasmine become a focal point for him? “Hello, Love.” 
She put down her laptop and crossed the room to give him a kiss. Her body molded to his in such a seductive way that definitely made him forget all about Stefan.
Jasmine was beautiful. And although she could be superficial she had a good heart. He saw every flaw about her character and loved her anyway. He felt such a surge of affection for this lovely creature in his arms. She had no idea how much he loved her, but that was because he was scared to admit it. Stacey had told him that. Well he was done with running away from his feelings. Stacey was fighting for her life with courage. The least he could do would be to love the same way.
“I love you Jasmine. You are my perfect partner. You challenge me. You are my unadulterated match in every way. And it would mean the world to me if you would agree to be my wife.”
Jasmine’s eyes filled with tears. “I don’t know what to say.”
“Well I’m hoping yes.” Nick panicked what if Jasmine didn’t feel the same way he felt after all.
“Why now?” Jasmine asked.
Nick knew it was in large part because of Stacey, but if he were to admit that, it could cause some serious problems. So for what was the first time today, Nick thought outside of himself and thought about Jasmine’s needs. He formulated his answer based on how he thought she would appreciate it the most.
He took a deep breath and answered. “I’ve had the absolute crappiest day I’ve had in a long time. And all I could think about is Jasmine will make it better.  In my book that’s the definition of what a life partners should be like.”
Nick could see that Jasmine was still struggling to believe him. And who could blame her. “I have not been the most open about my feelings Jasmine. And for that I apologize. I am not complete without you. You are everything I could desire in a woman and I would be the most fortunate man on the planet if you would consent to share your life with me.”
A tear slid down Jasmine’s cheek. Nick was scared that meant she was crying because she was going to say no. But instead, she just nodded her head and hugged him fiercely.
“Sorry, was that a yes?” Nick needed to hear it from her.
“Yes, that was a yes!” Jasmine said through her tears. 
Nick swept her off her feet and carried her to his room. He laid her gently on the bed and began unbuttoning her silk blouse. Underneath she wore a black lace bra which accentuated the lush lobes that it supported. 
She was unbuttoning his shirt at the same time. There was urgency in her movements.  “Slow down baby, I want to cherish making love to my beautiful fiancé.”
She smiled and leaned back as he slipped the skirt she was wearing from her hips; which revealed the matching black lace g string she was wearing underneath.  She was gloriously perfect. Not an ounce of fat on her. He appreciated her beauty. She smiled and he kissed those luscious lips knowing exactly how much pleasure he was about to bring to her.
He had always liked to pleasure her. She was very responsive. It made him feel very manly when she purred beneath his ministrations. He leaned over and unhooked her bra so he would have better access.  She arched to meet him and held his held securely in place. Nick ran a hand down her smooth skin, over her flat abdomen and lower. The panties were a barrier he didn’t want, so to remove the impediment to the treasure awaiting him. He had been suckling intently, so when he ceased, she whined in protest. He chuckled softly.
The thought that he could be like this with her for the rest of his life, didn’t scare him. The commitment phobia he had been harboring now vanished in the realization that he truly did love this woman. She was everything he could want in a partner in life as well as in bed.
Their coupling felt urgent and filled with need. Each stroke brought  them both closer to the edge.  Jasmine tossed her head back in abandon.  There was no holding back. He pushed harder and she arched to meet him. They crashed together in total ecstasy. 
Nick rolled to the side, bringing her securely against him not wanting to break contact, but not wanting to crush her with his dead weight. She sighed, “My future husband.” Contentment spread through Nick and he knew he had made the right decision. He kissed her and said, “My future wife.”

Chapter 15
Over the next few weeks, Nick and Stefan kept a careful schedule at Stacey’s bed side. Nick elicited Alyson’s help to coordinate. Whenever she saw that Stefan was leaving, she would send him a text message and he would drop everything and go. He should have known that he wouldn’t be able to get anything pass Stacey for too long.
“What is going on between you and Stefan?” she asked. Nick wasn’t sure how to answer. She looked so frail he definitely didn’t want to upset her. The doctors had said a bunch of stuff he didn’t understand, but what it came down to was that the leukemia was winning the fight. And he knew that if he said that he and Stefan were fighting, it would upset her.
So he tried to lie to her. “We just don’t want to tire you out, so we are taking turns.” She had always seen through his BS and so she called him on it now. “Don’t give me that. Neither one of you can look me in the eye when I ask about the other, so what gives?”
“It’s nothing to worry about Stacey May.” Nick hedged still trying not to answer her directly. And it was a sign of how sick she was that she gave up. That scared him. She drifted off to sleep but he could tell she was fighting it, that she wanted to grill him more.  He kissed her forehead and left the room.
Stefan was right outside the door. Nick tried to tell him that Stacey was asking about them, but Stefan was upset that Nick was even there. “I thought I asked you to give us some privacy?”
“I’m not just going to abandon my best friend because you can’t handle the fact that we love each other.” Nick shot back.
Stefan swore at Nick and was going to walk into Stacey’s room, but Nick stopped him. “We have to come up with some reason why we aren’t together. She has noticed and is asking questions.”
Panic colored Stefan’s voice, “What did you tell her?”
“I tried to bluff my way out of if, but she fell asleep before she could press the issue. She didn’t really buy it.” Nick said.
“Well don’t worry about it, I will handle my wife.” Stefan said.
“You really don’t know her if you think that you can handle her.” Nick said.
“I’m sick of you acting like no one but you knows her.” Stefan was almost yelling now. But then they heard a crash.
They both ran into Stacey’s room to find her on the floor. Both men went to pick her up. Stefan would have argued, but she was a tangle of tubes and wires. As they were settling her in the bed, she opened her eyes. “It sounded like you two were arguing.” She said it in a breathless whisper.
Both men were afraid for her. Nick smiled and said, “Never you mind Stacey May. What are you doing getting out of that bed?” Nick began fluffing a pillow and propping her up with it.
Stefan’s face was stormy, but he didn’t say anything. As he watched the two interact with one another. He really hated the way she softened every time that Nick talked to her. He wanted to throw something at Nick’s head every time he called her Stacey May. He knew it was irrational to feel such jealousy, but the fear of losing her was choking all logical thoughts from his brain. It was best to keep quiet because if he said anything to Nick, it wouldn’t come out right and Stacey would be upset. She looked so frail.
Nick noticed the struggle that Stefan was going through and knew Stacey would soon notice it, so he grabbed her attention. “Well since you’re awake, I can tell you my good news”, Nick said forcing a cheerfulness into his voice he definitely didn’t feel.
“Good news?” Stacey asked.
“Jasmine and I are getting married.” Nick put a big bright smile on his face.
The squeak that came out of Stacey was pure joy, but she began coughing. Stefan quickly reached and gave her a sip of water. “Well I think your good news has excited our patient enough for one day. I’m sure you’ll understand if she gets some rest now.” Stefan looked at Nick and then pointedly at the door.
Nick didn’t push it. “Stacey May, you get better real soon because you have to stand up with me during the happiest moment in my life.” With that said Nick kissed her on the forehead, nodded his head to acknowledge Stefan and then walked out the door.
“What is going on between you two?” Stacey asked Stefan once they were alone.
“Nothing for you to worry about.” Stefan tried to placate her.
She drew breath to argue with Stefan, but he silenced her with a kiss. “Boys will be boys, don’t worry about us. Can I just enjoy some time with my wife?”
Stacey was worried, but didn’t have the energy to argue. But what she did need to say couldn’t wait any longer. “Stefan, I don’t have much in the way of possessions, but I do need to update my will. Can you have an attorney come by and see me? I’m assuming you have one on retainer? I’ve never had to do anything like this and I want to make sure I do it right.”
It was something he would have done in the same situation if their roles were reversed, but he couldn’t bear it. But he didn’t want her to see how much the prospect of losing her was killing him. So he just nodded his head afraid to speak past the lump in his throat. With that done, she drifted back to sleep.
He left the room so he wouldn’t disturb her. His father was standing outside the door. “Are you alright?” Dave placed a hand on his son’s shoulder. The comfort was just the last thing to send him over the edge. The tightness in Stefan’s chest had him trying to draw in a breath. He was supposed to be taking care of Stacey, but his fear was crippling him. Stefan wanted to cry but knew if he started he wouldn’t stop. Dave could see how much Stefan was struggling.
Dave said, “Why don’t we go down to the hospital chapel and say a prayer?”
The helplessness that Stefan felt made him explode, “For what? If there is a God then He certainly isn’t listening to my prayers. She’s gotten steadily worse since she’s been admitted.  I finally find the woman I’m meant to share the rest of my life with and now I’m going to lose her. What kind of God would do that?”
Dave was horrified. “Son you don’t mean that!”
“Don’t tell me what I don’t mean! What has faith in God ever done for me! It’s pointless to have this discussion, it’s not like you can prove me wrong. Either way, I’m losing the love of my life in a slow agonizing death. She is everything to me and she’s not going to make it.” Stefan walked away from his father to avoid further discussion.
Dave let him go. He went to visit his wife at the extended care facility. She was having a good day.  She recognized him. “Hey there handsome. What’s wrong?” 
Dave treasured the times when his wife was lucid and he didn’t want to burden her, but he knew that she would want to know. “Stefan has lost his faith in God.”
“What happened?” Sophia asked concern coloring her voice.
“His wife is in the hospital with leukemia and it’s not looking good.” Dave told his wife.
For a moment Sophia looked panicked, but then she asked. “It was a small wedding and I didn’t go because it was a last minute affair?”
Dave relaxed. She really was having a good day. “Yes, that’s it exactly.”
“I like her, I’ve met her. She’s a good match for our boy.  Well we will just have to pray that both of them work through this together,” Sophia held out her hands. Dave took them in his. How he missed being able to share everything with this woman. She was so good for him. If he can go through watching his wife suffer with dementia, and still have faith then so could Stefan. So he and Sophia prayed together for their son and daughter in law.
**********************
Nick and Jasmine sat on the sofa together talking about wedding plans. “How big of a wedding do you want?” Nick asked. He wasn’t worried about the expense, but worried more about whether or not Stacey would be well enough to attend.
Jasmine shrugged, “It doesn’t really matter to me.  I just want to be married to you.” Nick was doubtful. “Seriously?”
“Believe it or not Nick; I don’t like being the center of attention. I’m good at it for work purposes, but personally I don’t like it.” Jasmine stated quietly.
Nick said, “You never cease to amaze me.  I was braced for a big blow out.”
Jasmine chuckled softly, “Well the fact that you were braced lets me know what kind of wedding you don’t want.”
“Yeah”, Nick gave a self-deprecating laugh, “I think Stacey and Stefan had it perfect; just small enough to get it done.  I’m not particularly religious like they are so if you just wanted to do the justice of the peace that was fine by me.” 
Jasmine said, “Well I would like to have it at my mother’s church.  You do have to think about appeasing your mother in law you know.” 
Nick smiled.  “I didn’t know Monica had forgiven me for breaking up with you before.” Jasmine laughed, “She hasn’t, but this ring will seriously thaw her out.”
Nick pulled her hand into his, “So you like it?” Jasmine smiled, “I love it, but not as much as I love you.”
The ring was exquisite. It was a solitaire 2 carat and it had a platinum wedding band encrusted with smaller diamonds.  But it couldn’t compare to the beauty of Jasmine. She was glowing.
Nick kissed her palm and he felt the heat between them ignite. He loathed putting the passion on hold, but he wanted to get the wedding discussion over with. “So, we need to pick a date, how soon do you want to get married?”
Jasmine joked, “As soon as possible so you don’t change your mind.”
Nick pulled her closer, “I’m not changing my mind. I want to share my life with you.  I know I haven’t given you reason to believe that, but I’ll spend the rest of my life showing that to you.”
Jasmine sighed, “Well I guess the question is whether or not we wait for Stacey to be released from the hospital.”
Nick was worried this was a test he needed to pass so he kept silent. Jasmine continued, “I know that you love her, but I also know that you’re not in love with her like you’re in love with me. I finally understand that. And I have come to know her and like her. She really wants what’s best for you.  I am sorry that I spent so much time and energy being jealous of her. I just have never had that kind of relationship with anyone, especially with someone of the opposite sex. I still have a hard time believing men and women can be just friends. I think you two are the exception to the rule.”
Nick laughed. “You are the one who is exceptional. I was worried that you would get upset that I wanted to include Stacey. I want this day to be about you, me and our love. But I want to share that with those that are closest to us and for me that’s Stacey.  If I had a doubt about marrying you before, you have now erased that doubt.  I love you.”
He lowered his head and kissed Jasmine. It was a sweet kiss that quickly became heated. She moaned into his mouth as he slid his tongue inside hers, tasting the wine that she had been sipping. He felt intoxicated. She really was his perfect match.


Chapter 16
Stefan had never felt so lost in his life. He felt he could classify it as going insane. It tore him up inside to watch Stacey being so sick. He was trying to be strong for her, but he was just so frightened of losing her. Which is why she tried to break up with him, she knew how hard this was going to be. So he decided to throw himself into his work. 
He spent the next week closing deals and being a general beast to be around. He spent his off time with Stacey at the hospital, but brought work with him. It was hard to look at her. All of her soft curves vanished, she was painfully thin. The medicine, even with the nausea medicine included didn’t help her. She was beginning to lose her hair so Alyson had taken to buying her assorted colored hair scarves.
What was worse was the energy she expended trying to make things better and easier for him. It just drove him crazy and instead of taking it out on her, he took it out on the people around him. Jody bore the brunt of it. She took it in stride until he yelled at Betsy. Betsy was a sweet young lady who was in charge of filing contracts. When Stefan chewed Betsy out because the paperwork from a deal he had been working on wasn’t back from legal yet, Jody let him have it.
“You owe that girl an apology.” Jody said as she softly closed the door behind her.
“I will do no such thing, the girl is incompetent!” Stefan yelled.
“No she is not! The Chapman contract has been put on hold because there are rumors that the company is going bankrupt. Legal has kept the contract, so there is no way she would be able to retrieve it for you. If you had been a calm reasonable human being and asked her instead of assuming she didn’t know what she was doing, you would have found that out.” Jody’s voice had gotten progressively louder but oddly still calm. “So you will apologize to that young lady and you will do it now.”
Stefan opened the door and saw the girl in question blowing her nose at her cubicle. He felt like an absolute heel.  He walked over to her and she quickly straightened in her seat. She looked at him tears still in her eyes, “Mr. Spencer…”
Stefan held his hand up to stop whatever she had been about to say. “I’m sorry Betsy. I’m having some personal issues and I took it out on you. You didn’t deserve it and I apologize deeply.”
Betsy dabbed at her eyes again, “Oh Mr. Spencer we know your wife is sick, we’ve been praying for her in our church group, I am sorry you have so much stress to deal with here.”
Stefan felt even worse. “Thank you. Why don’t you take the rest of the day off?”
Betsy stood up, “Mr. Spencer why don’t you? You work too hard. Go be with your wife.” With that the petite little clerk put her hand on his arm and squeezed. “Keep the faith.”
Stefan felt the rage boiling up in him, but he couldn’t explode at Betsy, not again. She really was just trying to be helpful. But it was all just words, they held no comfort. Stefan turned around and went back to his office anger, irrational anger boiling inside.
Jody was waiting in the doorway. “You know she’s right. You should take some time and be with Stacey.”
“Don’t you think I know that? Sitting by her bedside is the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. She fights so hard and on top of it she’s always trying to make ME feel better. It’s killing me. I promised I would take care of her and I feel like I can barely function.” Stefan sat on the sofa in his office and Jody sat next to him.
“I can’t begin to imagine what you are going through. You have a new job with more responsibilities and pressure, your mom is sick with a degenerative disease and your new bride is battling for her life. There are no words that can help you, but know that you have friends who are here for you. You just have to ask for help.” Jody hugged Stefan. 
The comfort was more than he could handle. The pressure was building in his chest again and he felt as if he were about to explode. He hugged Jody tighter trying to get a grip on his emotions. But then he noticed her soft voluptuous curves and hugged her tighter not as a friend, but as a man.
She immediately felt the difference. She pulled back from him and looked him in the eye. “I’m here for you, but not like this. You’re not this man. Don’t let your pain take you somewhere else. Somewhere you will regret.” She said it softly, and without judgment.
The look on Jody’s face was one of firm determination. He could see she cared for him. They had been through a lot together and it would have been natural to take comfort in her embrace. But she wasn’t Stacey. Stacey was his world. And he was losing her. He was so terrified that she was going to be lost forever to him. 
Everything in him felt empty. He got up and turned from Jody. “You have been such a good friend. Thank you for everything. And forgive me for my moment of insanity.” He smiled at her hoping that he hadn’t crossed a line with her and might be in danger of losing not only a friend but his right hand at this job.
“You know you’re the best boss on the planet, but my girlfriend would kick your ass if you ever tried anything for real.” Jody left his office laughing.
Stefan stood looking at the door in shock. All the time Jody and he had worked together, he never knew she was a lesbian. What kind of friend was he that he didn’t know something that basic about someone who he worked with every day for the past 5 years?
Stefan shook his head. Maybe it was time to take a break. He went out the door and got in his car. He sat there for a long time trying to decide where to go. He couldn’t face seeing Stacey right now. He started the car and started driving. Before long he found himself at his mom’s.
The nursing staff was always so happy to see him. They adored his mother. She was a firecracker even throughout her illness. He walked into her room, braced for her having a bad day. But she lit up when he walked in. 
“Hey sweetie,” His mother held out her arms and Stefan went into them and just broke down crying. All the fear and frustration poured out and his mother held him as he cried just as when he had been a boy.
When the worse was over, Sophia handed him the box of Kleenex that been on the nightstand. Stefan blew his nose laughing, “I guess I’ll always need my mommy.”
“Well we both know that I am not going to be here always dear. But what I hope and pray for is that the lessons we have taught you carry you through the rough times. Your father said you were struggling with your faith.” His mother looked at him with such compassion.
“I’m just so angry, Mom. Why would God give me the love of my life and then I have watch her die? It just doesn’t make sense! It’s easier to just think He doesn’t exist.” Stefan hung his head feeling desolate.
His mother reached over and stroked his hair. “You’re not alone. I can’t say what’s going to happen with Stacey, but hold on to your faith. It will get you through the worst of things. I am in this place and I’m losing so much of myself. I’m scared, angry and frustrated. But what I know in my heart is that God is with me.”
“I don’t know if I can mom; I feel so abandoned.” Stefan said.
“You’ll have to come to it on your own. I can’t make you believe. What I can say is look at the people in your life. God always shows Himself through people and the world around us. Your dad is terrified of what is happening to me and he hasn’t lost his faith. I haven’t lost mine in this struggle and your wife would be unhappy to know you’ve lost yours. Hold onto all the love we have for you knowing that God is in that love.” With that she hugged her son and kissed his forehead.
It felt like all the anxiety just fell from his shoulders. The release of the stress was such a relief. Stefan actually felt as though everything might be alright. He and Sophia had lunch together and as he walked her back to her room, she turned to look at him with such love and devotion it made everything better. And she could tell. 
“Now you go right now and mend things with Nick.” His mother laughed at his stunned expression. “Your dad and I always tell each other everything. How else do you think we could have survived being married this long?”
Stefan chuckled softly. “Bye Mom.” He kissed his mother and thought about her advice to make up with Nick. It was probably past time. At the moment he couldn’t even remember why he was so upset with him. He was missing his friend and these last few weeks; it had been hard knowing that he couldn’t pick up a phone and talk through it with Nick. They had always been there for each other. They were connected in a way that he couldn’t be; even with Stacey. He was a true friend, but the relationship had its ups and downs over the years. They had been inseparable in their youth. But Stefan still harbored a little resentment towards Nick. And it was nothing but jealousy, but Stefan’s pride wouldn’t let him admit it.
If he looked at it objectively he could see that he really had it better than Nick. But the little kid inside him still resented how everything seemed so easy for Nick. All the girls had always wanted Nick and just gave Stefan the time of day because Nick was too busy. But he was old enough to put all the old high school crap behind him.  He knew he had grown into his looks and the gym membership kept him lean and fit.  Stefan definitely had his share of female attention. So he really just needed to get over it.
Besides without Nick, he wouldn’t have met Stacey. Beautiful Stacey. Even being so sick, she was beautiful. It was in her eyes. She was an amazing woman and he was so blessed to have found her. Nick would have to wait. He had to go see Stacey.
He walked into her room and Nick was there. Stefan suppressed his flicker of irritation. As soon as Nick saw him he rose to exit. Stefan stopped him, “No stay Nick.” 
Nick paused uncertainly but stayed put. Stefan took a steady breath and swallowed his pride. “Nick I wanted to apologize for my behavior.”
Stacey sat up in her bed, watching both Stefan and Nick intently.
Stefan continued, “I haven’t handled your illness well Stacey. And I’m afraid I’ve been taking out my anger on Nick.”
“Oh no, Stefan.” Stacey’s tone was full of empathy.
Nick piped up, “I could have handled it better Stefan, it wasn’t just you.”
“It’s just been a little harder than I thought it would be to see how much you two love each other. Just when I thought I had accepted it; I mean really she married me, I should feel secure. But I see you together and can’t help but feel a little threatened, but I’m just going to Man Up.”
Nick and Stefan laugh together and the worse is over. They actually embrace and the tension that was in the room dissipated. 
Stacey took both of their hands into hers. “My boys.” 
The doctor comes in and Stefan braces himself. Whenever he comes in it’s with a frown and bad news. “Well, it looks like our patient is in remission.”
Stefan can’t believe it. He looks at Stacey and she just looks so gaunt that it’s hard to believe that her leukemia is in remission.  Tears spill over onto her checks, Nick’s face is wet but Stefan is dry. He really can’t believe it, is afraid to believe it.
Nick says, “Are you sure?”
Stefan says at the same time, “Just like that?”
Dr. Drake answers them both, “She is going to need to continue the drug therapy we have her on for 6 months, but we have finally found the right combination to fight this and we can see her on the mend. And it’s not just like that; she has been through one hell of a fight. But it looks like she’s got quite a lot to fight for.”
The doctor leaves the room and there is absolute silence. 
Stefan breaks the silence and says, “Nick can you stay with her for a bit. I need to do something real quick.”
Nick looks confused but says, “Sure man.”
Stefan kisses Stacey and says, “I’ll be right back.”
Stefan slowly tries to digest the news that Stacey is going to be OK. It’s such a turnaround from where his head has been that it’s hard to swallow. He walked not sure of where he was headed, but when he ended up in front of the hospital chapel, he wasn’t surprised.
He walked in and sat in a pew. The chapel was empty. He had not been in this chapel before. It was small with red and purple stained glass windows. It was quiet with a smoky haze in the air. The candles were lit and the place seemed to have a holy feel to it. Stefan just sat there and felt peace. He took a deep breath and said, “Thank you.” 
He sat there a few moments more; loathe leaving, but anxious to get back to Stacey. All of the struggles with his faith were forgotten. He was just so grateful that Stacey was going to be ok. He knew that all things in life didn’t turn out so picture perfect. For one, his mother still was slowly deteriorating because of the dementia and there is just so much in the world that was wrong. But at this moment none of it mattered. He was just filled with an overwhelming since of joy.
He walked down the hall to Stacey’s room and found his dad there now with Nick. They looked at each other and smiled.  Everything really was fabulous.

Chapter 17
Nick and Jasmine’s wedding turned out to be the social event of the season. Once Monica, Jasmine’s mother got in the middle of it, there was no having a quiet little ceremony with just a couple of close friends and family.
The day was beautiful. They had the wedding in Monica’s church which was beautifully decorated in Lilacs and Jasmine. Everything was done in shades of white and ecru. Jasmine was dressed in a gown of ivory satin that fitted her like a glove. They toyed with the idea of having Stacey as the best man dressed in a tux, but Jasmine decided against it. So instead Stacey was in a simple shift dress that was periwinkle in color with a matching scarf for her hair. 
As Stacey helped Nick tie his bow tie in the pastor’s study, her eyes were filled with tears. 
“What’s this Stacey May?” Nick smiled tenderly at her.
“I just feel like I’m sending my child off to school for the first time.” Stacey laughed as a tear spilled over and splashed onto her dress. “Oh no, Jasmine is going to kill me if I’m not picture perfect.”
“I wouldn’t worry about Jasmine, Monica on the other hand…” They both laughed.
“I can’t believe I’m getting married and I’m not totally freaking out about this.” Nick sounded confident.
“I am surprised as well; which just makes me even more proud of you. Jasmine is a very lucky woman.” Stacey finished with the tie and stepped back to survey her handiwork.
“Stefan is OK with you being my best man right? I really don’t want to cause any problems for you two. It’s just that even though he’s been my friend since we were boys, you were friend to the lost man that I was and the stronger man I’ve become and this day would not be right if you weren’t by my side.” Nick pulled Stacey into his arms.
“He’s fine. Ever since I’ve come through this leukemia scare he has been nothing but super kind and chivalrous. He knows that you and I are special to each other. But he’s not threatened by it anymore. I know we are with who we are supposed to be with in this life. Stefan just had to trust that just as Jasmine had to do the same.” Stacey stepped away from Nick.
“I think it’s time.” They both said together then laughed.
The ceremony was beautiful. Alan, Jasmine’s father walked her down the aisle and she just glowed. Stefan was a groomsman, but Stacey was the one that stood next to Nick during the ceremony. Her heart filled to see her best friend find his happiness just as she had found hers. She reached for Stefan’s hand when the minister said through sickness and health. 
He smiled at her and she could tell he was thinking about how blessed they were to have health and happiness together.
When the minister said you may now kiss the bride, beautiful stately Jasmine Evans, now Faulks dropped her bouquet of flowers and jump into Nick’s arms, wrapped her legs around him and gave him the longest, hottest kisses that had ever been witnessed.
The minister cleared his throat and looked away. Everyone else laughed. 
Her joy was infectious. Nick put her down and stepped away. He actually blushed.
                                      *******************************
The reception was held at Monica’s Country Club; which was lavishly decorated with white roses. Each table had an instant camera so that guests could take pictures throughout the reception. It was a great idea and any pictures that were taken could be given to the bride and groom as a keepsake.
Stefan walked into the reception and asked Stacey, “Do you want to have a big blow out like this? We never did have that separate ceremony in front of friends and family.”
Stacey thought about it. “It’s a shame not to wear the dress I bought, but I’m so happy just being married to you that it doesn’t seem to matter.”
Stefan loved how uncomplicated Stacey made things. “Well we could have a big party and you could just wear it then.”
Stacey laughed. “No really, I’m good just being Mrs. Spencer.”
“What about a honeymoon?” Stefan asked.
“Now, that I wouldn’t mind. But you don’t like to travel, you’re a homebody.”  She looked up at Stefan and smiled at her handsome husband.
Stefan pulled her onto the dance floor as the band started to play. “I would love to share any new experience with you.”
“Well I’d have to see; I used up all my paid time off at work being in the hospital. It may have to wait until next year.” Stacey said as she marveled at his grace on the dance floor. “You’re really good at this.”
Stefan twirled her and then reeled her back into his frame with ease. “My grandmother taught me. It’s too bad that you didn’t get to meet her. But we could go to Greece and I could show you our home there. And don’t worry about paid time off. I really do make enough money to support us both. I thought you might want to be a housewife, but nursing seems to be who you are.”
“I’m glad you realize that. It’s going to take some adjusting getting used to having a well to do husband.” Stacey laughed. “Maybe I’ll consider becoming a housewife once we have kids.”
Stefan looked at her. “Can you have kids?”
“I don’t see any reason why I shouldn’t be able to. Do you want to have children?” She held her breath waiting for Stefan’s response.
“As long as they look like you, I’m happy.” He smiled at her. 
“Oh no, they have to look like you. I can imagine a boy with your dimples.” Stacey laid her head on his shoulder, but the song was ending and Dave walked up to them to cut in. She hadn’t seen him since she had gotten released from the hospital.
As they were dancing Stacey asked about Sophia. A sad smile was on father in law’s face and she knew Sophia wasn’t having a good day. His answer confirmed her fear, “I went to pick her up hoping that she would be able to come today. But she didn’t recognize me. It’s too bad she would have liked to have seen Nick on his big day.”
“I’ll bet. She would be proud of her boys.” Stacey knew that Sophia considered Nick as much her son as if she had given birth to him.
Dave sighed, “When she has bad days like this it’s so hard for me. I miss my wife.”
Stacey squeezed his hand as they moved across the dance floor. There were no words that would make things better for Dave. For better and for worse, in sickness and health. The reality of Dave and Sophia living that out humbled her. If she didn’t before know how lucky she was, she was definitely reminded of that now.
The song was ending and they were announcing Jasmine and Nick’s arrival. The happy couple had changed into more casual attire. When they entered the band started playing “I Finally Found Someone” by Barbara Streisand.
Dave went to get a glass of champagne as Stefan came up behind her and wryly commented “That is clearly Jasmine’s choice of songs.”
“Actually Nick is a closet Streisand fan. We use to listen to her greatest hits CD whenever we cooked at his place.” Stacey laughed.
“I guess there are just some things a guy can’t share with his buddy. Glad he had you for that.” Stefan laughed and was glad that he could laugh about it. It had finally sunk in that he didn’t need to feel threatened by Nick and Stacey’s friendship.
Everyone watched the bride and groom enjoy their dance. When the music changed Nick came up to Stacey and asked Stefan, “May I?”
Stefan relinquished his hold on Stacey and said, “Of course.”
Stacey smiled up at Nick. “You look happy.”
“I am. And so do you. Life is pretty good isn’t it?”  Nick held Stacey close and moved them around the dance floor effortlessly.
“This is the first time we’ve ever danced together.  You’re pretty good.” Stacey laughed.
“You’re not so shabby yourself.” Nick said.
“I’m so glad everything between you and Stefan has worked out. It wouldn’t do to have my two favorite people in the whole world at odds. I’m so happy.” Stacey was scanning the room to see where Stefan was and she found him dancing with Mrs. Horowitz.
She indicated them to Nick, “Stefan and I are going to try to have kids as soon as the doctor gives the ok. Wouldn’t it be great if we had kids that grew up to be best friends like we are?”
Nick’s body got tense. She looked at him askance. He responded to her unasked question. “I just want to be a better father than my father was.”
“You don’t have to worry about that Nick. You’ll be a great father.” Stacey assured him.
Jasmine was dancing with her father who Stacey had yet to meet. “Alan wants to send us to Paris for our honeymoon as a wedding present.”
“That sounds wonderful!” Stacey didn’t understand why Nick wasn’t enthusiastic.
“My father is living in Paris at the moment.”
Stacey understood. Because Nick’s father had never taken an interest in his ‘bastard’ son it had caused a wealth of insecurities in Nick. One of the reasons he had turned to drugs. That type of confrontation would be hard on Nick. “If you’re not ready for that you don’t have to see him Nick.” 
“I know, but it feels like it’s time to get rid of the hostility I feel for him. But not exactly what I want to do on my honeymoon.” Nick sighed.
“Well you could come to Greece with Stefan and me.” Stacey suggested.
Nick considered it. “Sounds great in theory, but I don’t want to push it. They both have accepted our friendship, but we’ve got to have boundaries. Not sure a couple’s trip is the best way to go right now. Maybe in a couple of years?”
“I guess you’re right. I miss you already.” Stacey sighed.
“Yeah, but it’s not like we’re moving. Maybe we can plan a couples date night like once a month or so?” Nick proposed.
“That sounds reasonable. We should give Stefan and Jasmine time to form a friendship of their own.” Stacey said.
The song ended and Nick excused himself and reclaimed his wife for another dance. Stefan found her and did the same.
“Mrs. Horowitz is a shameless flirt.” Stefan laughed.
“I have no doubt.” Stacey returned the laugh and asked “Would you be opposed to having a monthly date night with Nick and Jasmine?”
Stefan arched an eyebrow. “Monthly? I assumed you two would keep up your Friday night dinners.”
Stacey couldn’t tell if he was teasing or not. He led them to their seats at the wedding party table and she took her time to formulate a response.
“There are just some things that marriage changes in your relationships with other people. Both Nick and I respect that. You are my priority and Jasmine is his. So weekly date nights are reserved for you my dear.” She smiled at him hoping that he knew she was sincere.
“I don’t want you to give up something so important to you. I know my past actions don’t speak to that, but I do trust you and Nick.” Stefan assured her.
“So we come to that lovely place in marriage called compromise.” Stacey was determined never to give Stefan cause to doubt her devotion to him.
“Stacey. I love you. I love Nick. I trust both of you. Don’t feel like you have to change for me. I love you for you who are. You care about people; it’s what drew me to you. That and your gorgeous body.” Stefan laughed trying to diffuse the serious turn the discussion had taken. He really was OK with Nick and Stacey’s friendship.
Stacey didn’t push it. She was just going to show him through her actions that he was a priority and would never have to feel threatened by her relationship with Nick.
It was time for the toast and as the “Best Man” that duty fell to Stacey.
She held up her glass. Stefan was to her left and Nick and Jasmine to her right. She turned to them. The crowd settled down once Stefan tapped his glass with the knife to get their attention.
“I know it’s a little nontraditional for a woman to be the best “man”, but I’m honored to fill that role for my dear friend Nick Faulks. Nick and I met at a time in his life when he needed a little help.” Stacey wasn’t going to go into his drug problem in front of these complete strangers so she carefully worded what she wanted to express.
“As a nurse, I naturally stepped in and took care of him. We’ve been best friends ever since. I’ve watched him become such a strong and good man. When he met Jasmine I thought she was the perfect match for him. They have fire and chemistry together. But beyond that Jasmine is the only other person besides me that won’t take any of his crap.”
The crowd laughed politely. Stacey was getting emotional so she wanted to finish this. She looked at them both and continued.
“So here’s to a beautiful couple who managed to find love and hang on to it. That’s a rare thing in this crazy world so cherish it. Love each other. Take care of each other.”
She hugged Nick who was immediately to her left and whispered, “I love you.” As she reached across Nick to hug Jasmine she whispered to her, “Thank you for sharing him.”
The two women hugged tighter before they released one another.
Teary eyed, Stacey took her seat and Stefan pulled her to his side and he whispered, “I love you.”
Life really was good.
**********

About the Author
Thank you for reading Take Care of Me. I am a mother of two and newlywed. This was a labor of love, but I want to thank my husband Michael for encouraging me to complete a novel. Finally! I probably have 20 more started over the span of my 46 years of living, so look for more in the months to come. Encouraging words only to Melita290@gmail.com. Cover art by Dwayne Smikle

