



Tall, Dark & Lonely
by
R.L. Mathewson
A Smashword’s Edition


This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations and events described in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. This work is protected by law and may not be published, sold, shared online, or translated without Rerum Carta Industries, Inc. or the author’s written permission. 
Edited by R.L. Mathewson
Cover designed by Heather Baker
A special thanks to Jennifer Romero, Donna Ebineza and several others who took the time to make this book flow better :)
Tall, Dark & Lonely: A Pyte Series Novel © Rerum Industries, Inc. 2009. All rights Reserved.
ISBN:  978-0-9832125-2-2
e-book ISBN: 978-0-9832125-0-8
To everyone who has ever made me laugh and to my children who will always be my inspiration.

Table of Contents
Title Page
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Epilogue
A Look at Without Regret
Follow Me
About the Author


Tall, Dark & Lonely
Prologue
Lancashire, England 1819
“He’s the devil!” a woman shrieked, making Ephraim’s head pound harder as he struggled to make sense of what was happening, but it was difficult to think with all that screaming.
“Show the magistrate your wound and keep your mouth shut, woman!” he heard his father demand while Ephraim struggled against the darkness threatening to take him back under.
God, he was so bloody tired, Ephraim thought as he struggled to open his eyes only to realize that he couldn’t. He also couldn’t move his body or think straight. He just needed a little more sleep, he told himself and then he would ask them what they were doing in his bedchamber, he promised himself as he stopped fighting it and felt himself starting to get pulled back under again. 
“This woman is obviously prone to hysterics, Your Grace. This is clearly an animal bite or she stabbed herself with the hope of creating trouble for you. I would dismiss her at once without a reference,” a cold, vaguely familiar voice announced, dragging him back into consciousness against his will.
“I ain’t lying, m’lord! Just look at his mouth!” a woman screamed, making him wince as more pain shot through his head. 
Was that Mary the upstairs maid? Ephraim wondered as he struggled to focus, but the task proved damn near impossible. 
“First tell me who this man is,” the cold voice bit out, sending panic tearing through him as he tried to figure out who that voice belonged to.
“Tell you who it is?” his father repeated, sounding confused. “I’ve already told you who this is! That’s my son, Ephraim!” 
Ephraim heard a harsh chuckle before the cold voice declared, “That’s not Ephraim.”
“Yes, it is!”
“No, it’s not,” the man snapped in annoyance.
What the hell was going on? Ephraim wondered as he tried to make sense of everything.
Someone grabbed his chin and roughly yanked his head to the side. Ephraim opened his mouth to protest, but the only sound that he could manage at the moment was a weak groan.
“This is Ephraim!”
“But, Ephraim is sixteen and he looks…well, he looks like…like…” the cold voice trailed off, sounding at a loss for words.
“Like a ten-year-old boy,” he heard his older brother Henry drawl, sounding highly amused.
The bastard.
Good old Henry, Ephraim mused with a pained groan as he tried to move and failed. He would have to remember to box his brother’s ears later.
“Exactly!” the man, whose voice he couldn’t quite place, readily agreed. “This man is at least twenty-five years old and clearly not your son. Is someone playing a jest? Because I assure you that I am not amused.”
“I would never do such a thing! This is my son, Ephraim. I wouldn’t have believed it either if I hadn’t witnessed the changes happen over the past month with my own eyes!”
“What happened to him?” the man with the cold voice demanded after a slight pause.
Good, that was a good question, Ephraim thought. He had so many questions, but none of them seemed to be able to leave his lips at the moment. So, he decided that he would rely on this man to ask them on his behalf.
“He’s always been the devil! We all knew it! Not natural for a man to stay a boy! Not natural and now he feeds on virginal blood!” Mary screeched, making Ephraim wish that he had the strength to roll his eyes.
An amused chuckle broke through the thick silence that followed. “Come now, Mary, virginal? I think that claim is five years too late.” 
Of course, Henry would know, Ephraim thought with an inward wince as he struggled to move and failed. Henry had a well-earned reputation for lifting every skirt in town. Henry liked to diverse his attentions so it didn’t exactly come as a surprise that his brother would know the virginal status of one of their servants.
“Quiet!” their father yelled, raising his voice for the first time that Ephraim could remember, further terrifying him. His father was known for being cold and distant, not this man who sounded on the verge of a breakdown.
“I want to know how a boy known for his youthful appearance turns into this after sleeping for a month!”
He heard his father sigh wearily. “We’re not sure. All the surgeons that I’ve brought in are at a loss as well. They’ve drained him, cooled him, heated him, poured bile liquid down his throat and they still can’t figure out how he’s changed so dramatically in the past month.”
The cold man scoffed. “Changed is putting it mildly. He’s gone from a little boy to a grown man in a month. Are you positive that this is Ephraim?”
“I’m sure. Besides, I sat at his bedside every day for the last month and watched the changes happen,” his father said, sounding exhausted. 
“Then explain to me why he’s chained to the bed.” 
Chained? 
He was chained? What the bloody hell was going on here? After struggling for several long minutes, he was able to force his eyes to open. The images slowly changed from blurry to sharp, a little too sharp for his tired eyes to handle, sending another wave of pain through his head. 
He slowly looked around his room, taking in the scene before him. His two older brothers stood in the corner, looking bored. Several footmen stood around the room, holding cricket bats and glaring uneasily in his direction. Mary was cowering near the bedroom door, looking as though she wanted to be anywhere but here. His father and Magistrate Nichols, a man in his early thirties, who was well known for his cruelties, stood on either side of his bed looking down at him. His father looked worried while Magistrate Nichols looked at him with annoyance.
“What’s your name?” Nichols demanded harshly in a tone that dared Ephraim to lie to him.
He cleared his throat and nearly winced. It felt like he’d swallowed a jarful of crushed glass. “E-Ephraim,” he finally managed to say with a graveled voice that sounded wrong.
“See!” his father snapped, gesturing impatiently in his direction.
Nichols leveled a glare on Ephraim that made him squirm. “Has someone put you up to this?”
Ephraim turned his head to look at his father only to have cold, bony fingers grab hold of his chin and callously yank his head back. “I asked you a question!”
“No, what’s going on?” Ephraim asked, trying to swallow back his fear when he heard himself speak. 
The voice that left his lips was raspy and deep like a man’s. It wasn’t his voice! He’d always sounded like a young boy, something that he’d always hated and prayed would change along with the rest of him, but not like this.
“We’re about to find out,” Nichols said with a firm nod, sounding determined as he gestured towards the maid cowering in the corner. “Bring the girl!” he snapped.
“No! No! Please!” Mary screamed, backing up towards the door, trying desperately to escape.
Ephraim watched as two footmen grabbed Mary. They dragged her, kicking and screaming to his bedside as Henry and Marc started laughing.
“Papa, this is ridiculous! This girl is just looking for a way to fatten her purse. Ephraim finally grows some hairs on his sack and she’s trying to profit from it,” Marc said in a bored tone, earning a murderous glare from Ephraim as he pretended that his cheeks weren’t burning with mortification.
Henry chuckled as he waved a dismissive hand in the maid’s direction. “She’s just adding to the gossip. You know people have always talked about Ephraim like he’s some sort of freak. It’s not his fault he took so long to grow into a man. Toss her out.”
“No! I’m not lying, yer Grace! He bit me!” Mary screamed.
“We’ll just see about that,” Nichols snarled as he grabbed the maid’s arm and shoved it in Ephraim’s face. “Did you do this?” he snapped.
Ephraim focused on the two small scabs marring her dirty wrist. The scabs were less than an inch apart. Frowning, he shook his head, wondering why she thought he’d done that. He’d never been more frightened in his life. They were accusing him of biting a maid, who was accusing him of being the devil? This whole thing was so damn confusing. All he wanted to do was to close his eyes and escape this mess, but that wasn’t a choice.
After a few minutes, he felt his strength slowly starting to return to his body. He raised his arms and sighed with relief. When he dropped his arms back on the bed he was startled by the sound of chains clinking together. He raised both of his hands again and slowly turned them over, noting the changes. The small tan hands and thin arms that he was familiar with were gone. The arms that he was looking at now were different. They were covered with a light dusting of dark hair, were longer, filled with muscle and of course, chained to the bed. Frowning, he moved his feet. A sheet covered them, but there was no mistaking the feel of cold metal wrapped around his ankles. 
“Why?” he asked hoarsely, lifting his arms again just to prove to himself that this wasn’t a dream.
“Girl, you lied!” Nichols yelled as he shoved the maid to the floor. “You’ll wish that you’d never tried this!” 
She shook her head frantically as fresh tears trickled down her dirt-smudged face. “No! I ain’t lying! He bit me!” she screeched hysterically as she got back to her feet.
His father gestured to the footmen with a weary sigh. “Get her out of my sight and remove Ephraim’s chains.”
Relief surged through him. Finally, this nightmare was over. “Thank you, Father,” he said, sighing as he raised his arms to make it easier for them to unlock his cuffs. 
“No! I can prove it!” Mary cried desperately.
Nichols turned around just in time to see Mary shove past him as she ran towards Ephraim, wielding a small pocketknife with a look of desperation that terrified him. 
“Stop her!” Ephraim yelled as terror shot through him as the crazed woman came at him. 
Looking determined, she brought the knife down across her own palm as she rushed towards him. He couldn’t figure out what she’d hoped to accomplish by cutting herself and at the moment, he really didn’t care. He struggled to push himself up, desperate to get away from the deranged woman. 
Everything seemed to happen at once. Nichols stumbled back. His father tried to race around the bed to stop her before she reached him.  His brothers pushed away from the wall and moved to help him. The footmen were the last to react as chaos erupted in the large bedchamber. Mary stumbled the last few feet to his bed, tripping over her skirts in a desperate attempt to get to him, instead of using that knife on him, she simply thrust her bleeding hand in front of his face. 
“Get away from me!” Ephraim shouted, watching as blood streamed down her hand and onto his chest and stomach.
Instead of doing as he’d demanded, she curled her hand into a tight fist, forcing more blood to pour out of her hand. Ephraim eyed the blood with disgust even as his stomach growled at the sight. He desperately tried to ignore his reaction even as his mouth began to water. His reaction to her blood frightened him more than anything.
 “Get her away from me!” he screamed even as he eyed her blood hungrily.
His father and brothers came to a skidding halt just behind her. Magistrate Nichols grabbed Mary by the hair and yanked her out of the way. 
Ephraim sighed with relief. “Thank you, si-” he started to say only to have Nichols grab him by the jaw and yank his mouth open. “Dear God in heaven,” Nichols gasped in horror. 
Ephraim watched helplessly as Nichols’ finger came towards his mouth. Seconds later, he felt pressure against one of his teeth just before something sweet hit his tongue, making his stomach growl for more.
“Christ Almighty!” Nichols pulled back a bloody finger and shook it off. “They’re razor sharp!”
“What?” Ephraim mumbled, too stunned to do anything more than watch as every expression in the room turned horrified.
 His father and brothers noticeably paled as they stumbled back away from him. He couldn’t understand any of this. The only thing that he was sure of was that he wanted more of that sweet liquid, badly. He ran his tongue over his lips, hoping to lap up more when his tongue came across something sharp. He ran his tongue over the pointed tip and then along the rest of his teeth only to find a second sharp tip in his mouth. What was going on? Had the surgeons done something to his teeth while he’d slept?
“I told you that he was the devil!” Mary said smugly, holding her bleeding hand against her bosom. Ephraim stared at it like a man dying of thirst. 
“Shut her up!” Nichols yelled before he turned to Ephraim’s father. “We need to talk.” 
Ephraim watched as his father was dragged to the corner of the room. He was sure they were whispering, but he could hear everything they said clearly as though they were standing by his bed instead of across the room.
“Is he a devil worshipper?” Nichols demanded.
“No!” his father protested.
“Tell me about his birth,” Nichols commanded.
Ephraim ignored the horrified looks his brothers were sending him and the fact that they were now swiftly moving away from his bed as though he was a leper and focused on the private conversation taking place across the room. For ten years, he’d pleaded with his father and stepmother to tell him about his mother. The only thing that he knew for sure was that his mother had died giving him life. His father always refused to tell him about his mother or about his birth. 
His stepmother had also refused to tell him anything, which hadn’t really surprised him since she hated him. She’d always referred to him as the “thing” that she was forced to tolerate. He’d never understood why she hated him so much when she’d readily accepted his older brothers as her own. At least now it seemed that he was about to get some answers.
“The mother was attacked, was she not? The villagers claimed that she was attacked by an animal,” Nichols prompted.
He heard his father drag in a harsh breath, which startled him since his father was over twenty feet away from him. He shouldn’t have heard him. Yet, he could hear everything clearly, a little too clearly. He heard clothes rustling, the sounds of people walking throughout the house, the raspy sounds of breaths being taken, heartbeats, bugs flying around the room, the sounds of someone downstairs dropping a pan in the kitchen and swearing in frustration. 
None of this should have been possible.
Ephraim forced himself to ignore every competing sound and focused on the private conversation that he’d been waiting most of his life for. His father looked over his shoulder to make sure no one was close enough to overhear what he was saying before continuing.
“No, it wasn’t an animal attack,” his father admitted softly.
“I thought as much. I’ve heard rumors that a mad man from Bedlam escaped and attacked your first wife during the last month of her confinement.”
“Yes, I’m afraid that’s as close to the truth as we’ll ever get. I was holding a coming out ball for my youngest sister at the time and my wife was restless with her confinement. Our two older boys were asleep in the nursery and she desperately wanted to see Amy dance.”
“Understandable. Please continue,” Magistrate Nichols said encouragingly, looking more intrigued with every passing second, which honestly scared Ephraim more than anything.
Magistrate Nichols was a dangerous man and he’d do well to remember that.
“Marc, what the hell is he?” Henry whispered harshly, sounding terrified, but Ephraim simply ignored him.
“Shut up, Henry,” Marc said coldly.
“She…we…” his father’s voice cracked, taking Ephraim by surprise, because he’d never heard his father unsure about anything in his life before. “We found the bastard bent over her body. She was so pale…and…and...”
“What?” Nichols demanded, clearly not a patient man, but then again, Ephraim already knew that.
“He was feeding her his blood! She was drinking his goddamn blood!” his father whispered harshly.
Nichols didn’t say anything as Ephraim’s father continued. “We chased the bastard off, but not soon enough. She went into labor as she lay dying. The boy came before the midwife could be called for.”
“I’m sorry. I’m rather confused. You said she was dead? I saw her myself in the village not a week after the boy’s birth. I was led to believe that she’d died a few days later from complications.”
His father looked over his shoulder again to make sure that their conversation remained private. “We had to tell everyone that. The truth is that she woke up the next morning as though nothing had happened. She’d tried to take the boy. She was screaming nonsense. I had to throw her out to protect the children, but she came back for the boy with him,” his father explained with so much vehemence, making Ephraim’s blood run cold.
Nichols cleared his throat. “I hate to ask this, but is it possible the boy isn’t yours?”
“You mean did my wife cuckold me?” his father asked bitterly. “I don’t know. He looks nothing like his brothers. I just didn’t know and at that point it would have created a scandal for the boy to disappear and I was most certainly not going to send an innocent child with-Oh God, she was dead! I buried her myself!”
Ephraim looked at his brothers. They were not handsome men by anyone’s standards, but they looked so much like their father. They were, as Mrs. Brown liked to say, “feminine men.” He’d heard more than one woman calling his brothers pretty. A lot of women liked that, but Ephraim had always secretly hoped that he wouldn’t end up looking like them. He’d always found comfort in the fact that everyone said that he must have taken after the men on his mother’s side of the family, because he looked nothing like his father. 
Women were always telling him that he looked like a “little man.” He’d been a rough little boy in appearance with a thick muscular frame unlike his brothers’ much thinner, more delicate frames. His startling blue eyes also set him apart from his brothers. The only thing that he had in common with his brothers was his black hair. Other than that, he looked nothing like them, but as he lay there, he couldn’t help but wonder if that had changed along with everything else? It seemed ridiculous even to him to worry about something so petty at the moment, but he really didn’t want to look like a woman. 
Nichols looked back at him and shook his head. “He doesn’t look anything like you or your other sons except for the dark hair. Does he look like the men on his mother’s side or does he look like-”
“Him, you mean?” his father asked with a snort of disgust.
“Yes.”
“He has a larger frame and different eyes, but I’d hoped that he would look like us one day,” his father said, sounding troubled as he glanced over his shoulder at Ephraim. “I can’t deny it any longer. He looks like that monster. My only worry is that he’s contracted whatever ailed his mother then.”
“I think it’s a very good chance that the boy is diseased. If you truly are not the boy’s father then he’s most likely insane as well,” Nichols said with a sad shake of his head, but Ephraim heard the man’s heartbeat double with excitement. 
“Tell me, what happened to his mother?” Nichols said offhandedly, trying to hide his excitement, but Ephraim could smell it pouring off him.
“What do you think happened? She was dead! So, we burned the bitch and her lover,” his father snapped coldly. 
“You’re not my father?” he asked before he could stop himself as everything in the room suddenly took on different shades of red, but he was too desperate for the answers that his father was finally giving him to care.
Both men slowly turned around to stare at him. Their confused expressions turned horrified at the realization that he’d heard their entire whispered conversation from across the room. His father’s hand went to his chest as a collective gasp sounded throughout the large bedchamber. 
“Oh, God, look at his eyes! They’re red!” someone shouted.
“He’s the devil!” a footman gasped in horror, raising his weapon in warning as he slowly backed away from Ephraim and rushed towards the bedroom door.
“What’s going on, Papa?” Ephraim asked, unable to hide the terror in his voice.
“Don’t call me that!” his father snapped. “You’re clearly not mine!”
“No, Father, please don’t do this!” Ephraim screamed as he tried to sit up, but his restraints held him down.
“What do you want us to do with him?” Nichols asked with a hungry gleam in his eye, one that terrified Ephraim, because he’d heard the stories about Nichols circulating around town like everyone else. 
His father shook his head in disgust. “I don’t care what you do with him. Just get him out of my sight.” 
“Father-” Marc started to argue, but one look from their father had his brother shutting his mouth and reluctantly looking away.
“Father? Father!” he yelled as he watched his father and Henry rush from the room, dragging Marc, who was struggling to get to him along with them. “Father, please don’t do this!”
Nichols walked over to the bed with a morbid grin that sent chills down Ephraim’s spine. “Tie the chains around him and make sure that he can’t get loose,” he ordered, looking entirely too pleased with himself.
When the footman hesitated to come any closer, Nichols shouted, “Now!” 
The men jumped and did as they were told. In seconds, Ephraim could move his arms and legs, but unfortunately for him, he was too weak to fight back.
“Please, sir, just let me talk with my father! There’s been a mistake!” 
The men released the chains from the bed and in one smooth move, they roughly flipped him off the bed and onto the floor. He felt the air rush out of his lungs as he was slammed face first down onto the hardwood floor. The men quickly wrapped the chains tightly around his body, taking advantage of his weakened state.
“Stop!” he screamed, pain shooting through his chest as the chains threatened to break his ribs. The chains were too tight, making every breath a struggle and they knew it judging by the smirks on their faces as they pulled the chains impossibly tighter.
Nichols knelt down in front of him. “I’m sorry, my boy. I realize that this isn’t your fault, but you must realize the position that you’ve put me in. I can’t very well have you running around feeding off people,” he said with a heavy sigh and a sad shake of his head. 
“No, that will never do,” Nichols said to himself as his attention shifted to the footmen as stepped away from Ephraim. “Take him to my estate and lock him in the dungeon, please.”
His dungeon? 
Ephraim’s stomach coiled with dread. Nichols was known for being one of the most religious and straightforward men in the area. He was honored and accepted by every member of the ton. He was also known for being a sadistic bastard who took his job too seriously. He tortured men, slowly, and he took great pleasure in it if the rumors were true and everything about the man told him that the rumors were true.
“Please get my father, sir! He wouldn’t want you to do this! Please!” Ephraim screamed, his voice broke with terror. He’d never been more terrified in his life than he was in that moment. 
“I promise that I’ll make this quick out of respect for your father. He wouldn’t want to know that you suffered,” Nichols said with a pitying smile that Ephraim wasn’t buying for one goddamn minute.
“Oh God, no!” Ephraim screamed, shaking his head, telling himself that this was all a dream as he tried to fight his restraints, but it was useless and he knew it. 
This was no dream.
“Grab him!” Nichols snapped as he stepped out of the way.
The footmen scooped Ephraim up, careful to stay as far away from his mouth as humanly possible 
“Father! Henry! Marc! Please help me!” he screamed, but he knew that it was pointless. 
Before he could put up much of a fight, he was quickly carried down the servant’s stairs, out the back door, and thrown into the back of a carriage. When he managed to twist his head to the side and look up, he spotted Nichols standing at the door, looking pleased. “I promise that you won’t feel a thing, my boy,” he said with an anticipatory grin that told him everything that he needed to know.
Nichols was going to enjoy every minute of this.
With a cold chuckle and that terrifying grin, Nichols closed the door with a decisive click.
“Noooo!” Ephraim screamed as the carriage took off with a jerk, leading him towards his doom.
*-*-*-*
Twenty Years Later…
The large door to his tiny cell opened with an ominous creak that would have scared any of the other occupants of the dungeon, but the effect was wasted on him. Nichols stepped inside the tiny cell, followed by five heavily armed footmen. Ephraim pushed his long-knotted hair away from his face as his bony fingers shook violently from hunger, a condition that he’d long ago become accustomed to.
Nichols ran a hand over his now bald head. He sighed heavily as he looked down at Ephraim’s skeletal figure. A look of disgust spread over Nichol’s features as he raised a cloth to his mouth and nose, trying to avoid the stench. Ephraim dropped his trembling hands to cover his genitals, his pride refusing to give the bastard another chance to mock him in front of the guards. His clothes had long ago worn away to nothing. His skin was practically black now from the mixture of dirt, ash, and old blood that coated him from head to toe.
“What now? Are you going to set me on fire again? Or perhaps chop my head off for the tenth time? Hmm, oh no, that wouldn’t do for you. Let’s see, you’ll want to try something new of course since it’s been five years since you did anything original,” Ephraim prattled on, mocking Nichols and daring the man to do his worst. 
He didn’t care anymore. He’d stopped caring about everything and everyone years ago. The pain didn’t bother him, the hunger even less. They had become his companions. In an odd way, he’d come to depend on the pain and the hunger to remind him that he was still alive. Nichols sighed heavily with annoyance behind his cloth and then coughed when the action caused him to inhale a lungful of the stench that clung to the air surrounding Ephraim. 
“I’m tired of your mouth, boy. Before we continue today, I would like to say that you have been my greatest and most frustrating challenge. It’s a damn shame that this has to come to an end.”
Ephraim chuckled. “Oh, so today is the day that you finally figured out how to end me once and for all? Why, I’m impressed.” He slowly dragged himself to a standing position. His body was literally skin and bone now and he had too much hair on his head and face to be considered a man. “Let’s have a go at it then,” he said mockingly, hoping to piss Nichols off, because he had no illusions over the matter. 
He was never leaving this dungeon.
“Bring him!” Nichols barked over his shoulder as he stormed out of the tiny cell, obviously unable to tolerate another moment in the tiny cell that Ephraim called home. 
The footmen were careful to remain out of Ephraim’s reach until the last possible second. He appeared to be weak and brittle, but they’d learned long ago to stay out of his reach or they would find themselves attached to his mouth.
Nichols and five more of his men waited for him in his favorite torture chamber. As soon as he walked inside the chamber he spotted over a dozen wooden buckets lining the floor along the cracked wall. Ephraim couldn’t smell anything over his own stench and decided to take that as a good sign. The buckets were probably filled with oil. Christ, he hated being burned alive, which unfortunately was one of Nichols’ favorite methods to torture him since the recovery could take weeks. 
Beheading him was a close second.
“Put him over there and secure his chains to the floor,” Nichols said, sounding bored as he gestured absently towards the far wall. 
Ephraim studied the marked wall behind him as he waited for the nervous footmen who were stumbling over each other to get the chains attached to the floor, terrified that he was going to rip their throats open. He could make out the burn marks, bullet holes, and years of blood staining the crumbling wall. This was Nichols favorite spot to execute men and it showed. Sighing heavily, Ephraim leaned back against the wall as he waited to hear Nichols’ latest brilliant plan to finally rid the world of him when a footman suddenly slapped something in his hand, startling him out of musings. 
Ephraim was too surprised by the action to make a grab for the man, something that he knew that he would regret later tonight when he was back in that cell, starving. Instead, he looked down and was surprised to see that in his hand he held a long ago cherished item, one that he’d dreamed of for years. 
Soap. 
Confused, he looked at Nichols for an answer.
“Let’s get this over with, shall we?” Nichols said, sighing heavily as he gestured between the buckets and Ephraim, adding with a mocking smile, “We can’t very well allow His Grace to see you like this, now can we?” With that, three footmen holding buckets stepped forward, tipped their buckets back and- 
Threw water on him.
The water was ice cold, but that didn’t bother him since he was always cold. The water felt strange on his body as it slowly penetrated the layers of dried grime covering every inch of his body, making his skin itch just enough to drive him out of his fucking mind. As though his hand had a mind of its own, he slowly began to scrub his body. 
He didn’t wait for Nichols to give the order like he was supposed to. He wanted this too badly to give a fuck about what would happen for disobeying the sick bastard. It had been way too long since he’d seen his own skin. He had to scrub hard, as hard as his shaking hands would allow him. He was so weak that he could barely move the soap against the resistance the grime presented, but he was too determined to give up something that he’d fantasized about for years.
Freedom was the other.
“Get more water. It seems that it’s going to take an entire lake to clean him,” Nichols drawled with a cruel smirk as he watched Ephraim struggle with the soap.
 His men scurried out of the room, eager to do as they were told simply because it meant that they didn’t have to stay in the same room as him. No one liked being trapped with the “Devil,” the nickname the guards had graced him with years ago when they’d first realized that he wasn’t quite human.
“You said that my father was coming,” Ephraim said on a bored sigh, doing his best to sound as though he really didn’t give a damn, but hoping like hell that Nichols answered him. 
Thanks to the years that he’d spent in this hell on earth, he’d learned not to show any emotion in front of Nichols or any of his men. Nichols picked up on weaknesses quickly and took immense pleasure in using a man’s fears and hopes against him. The sick fuck was a master of his trade after all.
“No, I said, His Grace. Perhaps this is the time to tell you that Edmund, Duke of Havenville, passed away in his sleep yesterday?” Nichols drawled with an amused grin. “The new Duke, your brother, has requested to see you today.”
“Henry?” Ephraim asked weakly, feeling his heart pound against his chest as he realized that he would never get the chance to tell his father to go to hell for doing this to him.
Nichols flipped his hand in that annoying manner of his. “Oh dear, I believe that I may have forgotten to tell you that your brother Henry died twelve years ago. Jealous husband. You get the picture I’m sure,” Nichols drawled with bored amusement, the same tone that he used whenever he realized that he’d found a weakness, one that he could exploit in order to bring his victim to his knees and keep him there until he begged for mercy.
Ephraim slowly allowed this new information to sink in. If he was upset he didn’t show it. He knew better. This could very well be some new sick form of torture that Nichols came up with simply to amuse himself. Telling himself that he didn’t care, Ephraim continued scrubbing his skin awkwardly as the footmen threw more cold water on him, making it harder to wash away the grime as the cold water instantly turned the grime into paste. It took some time, but eventually he started to see pale skin peeking through the disgusting grime that he’d worn for nearly twenty years. 
The sight of his skin disgusted him. The pale skin that made him nauseous was wrapped tightly around his arm, showing every line and curve of the bones that made up his arm. He looked like a living skeleton. If he’d had anything in his stomach he would have lost it right then, but he forced himself to continue scrubbing. He wasn’t sure why he was all that surprised to discover that he was nothing more than a skeleton since starving him had always been one of Nichols’ favorite ways to torture him. 
He wanted to ask who else had passed away, but he didn’t dare. There was no one he really cared for anyway, not anymore. Any affection he’d held for his family had died years ago. All those he’d loved and cared for had turned their backs on him, leaving him to a fate worse than death. They’d known what Nichols was capable of and they hadn’t done a damn thing to stop him. His father allowed Nichol’s men to take him and for that, he would never forgive him.
Shouts suddenly erupted in the dark tunnels leading to the torture chamber. Nichols turned around and gestured towards the tunnels. “Go see what that is,” he said, gesturing to four of his men, who took off running seconds later with their weapons drawn.
Angry shouts accompanied the sounds of a gunshot being fired as screams of pain echoed throughout the tunnels to the large torture chamber. Ephraim continued to wash himself without a care. No one and nothing was going to stop him from doing this. If he only had this one chance to feel human, then he was going to take it, greedily. It was the first sense of freedom that he’d had in twenty years and he’d be damned if he gave it up without a fight.
“Get in there!” a man shouted as Nichols’ footmen stumbled into the room followed by a dozen well-armed men that Ephraim didn’t recognize.
“Line up against the wall, the lot of ya!” the large man leading the group demanded. He pointed to Nichols, who was inching his way towards the door. “You stay where ya are. His Grace would like to have a word with ya!”
“His Grace?” Nichols repeated, looking hopeful.
“Aye.”
“Uh oh, Nichols, sounds like you’re in trouble,” Ephraim said in a mocking tone that would probably result in his head being removed later with a rusty ax, but what the hell? He didn’t really care. 
After a few minutes, Ephraim gave up on trying to scrub his arms clean and turned his attention to his face. Just like his arms, the soap made the itching worse before the grime on his skin turned into a stubborn paste. 
“If someone wouldn’t mind pushing a bucket this way I would truly appreciate it,” he drawled, speaking as though there wasn’t currently an armed siege underway. 
He simply didn’t care. 
He knew that his brother, the new Duke, was coming here to finish the job. He couldn’t very well have Ephraim alive and threatening his position. Little did he know that the job was impossible. 
Ephraim heard a bucket scrape the floor in front of him, but he couldn’t see it through the grime and lye soap dripping into his eyes. Nichols should have done this years ago, because it stung like a bitch. 
“Thank you,” he muttered as his hands shot out awkwardly and found the wooden bucket. That was one thing he’d refused to surrender, his humanity. He’d hung onto it like a dying man. He’d refused to allow Nichols to take it from him. He was no longer the boy that he had once been, but he refused to turn into the monster that Nichols expected.
Strong, thin hands ran a cold damp cloth across his face. Ephraim jumped at the action. No one had touched him in too many years to count unless it was to hurt him and even then it never terrified him the way that this one simple touch had. Terrified of what was awaiting him, he opened his eyes to see a man who looked very much like his father with the exception of the man’s black hair, kneeling in front of him. The man looked sad and confused until finally his expression turned to pity. 
Ephraim cowered back. This was worse than torture. “Go away,” he mumbled, swallowing hard as he tried to ignore the terror threatening to tear him apart.
Marc sighed as he dipped the cloth in the bucket again. He looked oddly relaxed in front of Ephraim. He wasn’t cowering or refusing to blink as he stared at Ephraim, terrified that if he turned his back on him for even a second that he would attack. Marc did none of those things. He simply sat there with a bittersweet smile as he reached over and took one of Ephraim’s hands into his and began scrubbing it clean, unconcerned for his expensive wardrobe. 
Marc’s men kept the footmen and Nichols at bay while he tended to his brother. “I used to do this for you every night until you were twelve. Do you remember, Ephraim?” he asked softly as he carefully scrubbed the grime away.
“Yes,” Ephraim answered hollowly as he watched his brother. 
Marc chuckled. “Then there were the times when I was forced to wrestle you into a tub after you’d snuck off and got yourself dirty, because father refused to have a speck of dirt in the house. Do you remember how paranoid the old man was about dirt?”
“Yes,” Ephraim whispered roughly, wondering if this was a dream or if Nichols had finally succeeded and killed him, sending him to heaven where his brother had waited for him.
Marc stopped cleaning Ephraim’s hands and looked into his eyes for a long moment. He looked as though he had something to say, but in the end said nothing as he focused on the impossible job of removing the grime from Ephraim’s skin. After a few minutes when it became painfully obvious that the grime wasn’t going anywhere, Marc looked over his shoulder. 
“I’m going to need some shears, a razor, and as many towels as you can lay your hands on and for Christ’s sakes, would someone get me some hot water!” 
With a firm nod, one of his footmen ran out of the room to find the items that his Master required. Minutes later he returned with the items Marc had asked for along with a dozen men carrying buckets giving off steam. Ephraim sat back and watched as his brother washed him without a single ounce of fear he realized. 
Thankfully, the hot water made a difference, washing away more quickly. His skin turned pink before settling back to a sickly pale color that turned his stomach. 
“Are you hungry?” Marc asked softly with a sad smile.
Ephraim didn’t answer. He didn’t need to say anything, because it was more than obvious that he was starving. Marc eyed his brother’s body with pity. Ephraim tried to hide his reaction, but there was little he could do to hide just how hideous his body was. 
“When’s the last time you were fed?” Marc asked softly.
“Why would I feed him when I was instructed to kill him? That would have been counterproductive, don’t you think, Your Grace?” Nichols callously pointed out.
Marc’s delicate jaw clenched tightly. “I’m going to have two men cut your hair so that we can wash it. Can you give me your word that you will not harm them?”
The offer was tempting, very tempting. His stomach growled at the reminder of that long-ago memory of sweet liquid settling on his tongue. He still dreamed of it every night, but he wanted to feel his face more than anything. So, telling himself that he could do this, he nodded firmly, once.
“Okay, I’m trusting you. Don’t hurt them and I promise that I will feed you,” Marc promised, but Ephraim didn’t believe a single word coming out of his mouth.
 It was a trap. It had to be. He couldn’t even count the number of times that Nichols had promised him to feed him only to taunt him instead.
Marc gestured to two men shifting nervously standing by the back wall, to come forward. Not wanting to ruin this, Ephraim placed his hands beneath his backside to help ease the temptation to grab one of the men.
“I appreciate that, sir,” one of the men said with obvious relief. Ephraim nodded absently as he watched his brother approach Nichols. 
This could be interesting, he mused. 
“Do you know why I’m here, Nichols?” Marc asked in a deceptively calm voice.
“To finish your brother off, Your Grace,” Nichols said with his chin raised defiantly, making his stand. In his mind, Ephraim and every living soul that entered this dungeon had deserved everything that he’d done to them and more.
Marc chuckled coldly as he took a dagger from one of his men. He walked around Nichols as he toyed with the blade. “No, I think you’ve proven that is quite impossible. Of course, if I had known that my brother was still alive I would have come sooner instead of mourning him for all these years. Tell me, Nichols, who was the poor soul that you buried in my brother’s place?”
Nichols puffed up his chest, clearly offended at taking orders. “I don’t remember the name. Your father demanded that I provide a body to go along with the story and that’s exactly what I did. It’s not my fault the boy turned out to be a demon.”
“Hmmm, then explain to me why fifteen years ago when I asked you about my brother you told me that he was dead and then yesterday when I approached you with the same question after my father’s deathbed confession you decided to tell me the truth?” 
“Because fifteen years ago you weren’t the D-”
“Duke,” Marc finished for him dryly. “Yes, I believe that is what finally allowed you to speak. You believed that I was worried about my position and allowed me in on this little secret. I also believe that you were hoping that I would continue to pay you what my father had to keep Ephraim here and his existence a secret.”
“Of course,” Nichols admitted with a nod even as he began to fidget.
“How are we doing?” Marc asked his men without looking away from Nichols.
“Almost done, Your Grace,” Marc’s personal valet answered. “We’re done shaving him and cutting his hair so we’ll wash him now if that’s okay with you, Your Grace?”
His furious glare still locked on Nichols, Marc simply nodded.
Ephraim ran his hand over his face. The skin was thin and tight, but it was still his face. He felt like crying, but he had to place his hands back under him before he did something to stop this. He wanted the last twenty years washed away. 
He was desperate for it.
*-*-*-*
Marc watched as his brother was scrubbed clean. Afterwards, Ephraim sat naked on the floor, looking like a very young skeleton. His brilliant blue eyes had lost the look of youthful innocence, but it was still his brother. Gone was the boy he once knew and in his place, was a man that looked hardened by years of pure hell. 
“Has any man been here for less than ten years?” Marc suddenly asked, appearing as though the answer didn’t matter to him, but the murderous glint in his eyes told a different story. 
Only one man raised his hand. Tom. He’d been here for less than two weeks and had refused to be cruel to Ephraim no matter what Nichols or the other men instructed him to do.
“How long has this man worked here,” Marc asked Nichols as he gestured towards the man in question.
“A week or two.”
Marc nodded, accepting that information as he looked at his brother. “Has he been kind to you?”
Ephraim glanced at Tom. The man looked frightened, but Ephraim knew that he wasn’t afraid for himself. He had a newborn son to raise on his own. His child was the only reason that he’d taken this job. He’d explained that to Ephraim when he’d snuck him water so that he could rinse his mouth out late at night when Nichols’ most loyal men weren’t around. He apologized for not being able to do anything more to help him.
“He’s been good to me. Let him be,” Ephraim said dismissively. He didn’t want anyone to know how much Tom’s kindness had meant to him in case this was a trick. He didn’t want Tom dragged into his hell and he sure as hell didn’t want to be responsible for making his son an orphan.
Marc nodded as he looked back at Tom. “You have a choice then, work for me or share their fate. Which will it be?”
 “You, Your Grace,” Tom said quickly, looking noticeably relieved with the change of employment.
“Good. Give this man a weapon. Mind you, that if you go against me, you will share their fate,” Marc warned, gesturing towards the terrified footmen lined up against the wall. 
“I swear my loyalty to you, Your Grace,” Tom swore.
Marc nodded his acceptance as he gestured to the rest of the men. “Have any of these men been kind to you, Ephraim?”
 “No,” Ephraim answered without hesitation.
The men cursed under their breath as they shifted nervously against the wall. 
“Good,” Marc said, gesturing to the two men attending to Ephraim to move away. “Let’s start, shall we?” he suggested with an eager grin.
 Nichols’ eyes narrowed suspiciously with that announcement. “Start what exactly?”
Marc casually shrugged one shoulder and began to pace the chamber again. “The feeding, retaliation, revenge, whatever you want to call it.” He gestured with the knife to two of his men. The rest took positions and aimed their weapons at the rest of Nichols’ footmen. “If anyone moves, kill him.”
Ephraim watched curiously as two of Marc’s men grabbed one of the footman, who’d enjoyed pissing on him over the years and dragged him towards Ephraim. “Please, feed yourself,” Marc said, lazily gesturing towards the men, “These men, I believe, owe you.”
His stomach growled viciously at the thought. He didn’t question it. He didn’t care. After what these men had done to him, he had no qualms about killing them, but for some reason he couldn’t do it without hearing it from Marc. 
“Marc?” he asked, putting everything into that one word.
“Eat up, little man,” Marc said, using the old endearment that used to mean the world to Ephraim.
“No!” the footman screamed as he was dragged towards Ephraim. “Please, God! No!”
Marc’s men held the struggling footman down in front of Ephraim. His eyes narrowed on the pulse he could see thrumming against the bastard’s dirty neck. He hungrily licked his lips as the scent of fear hit him. His fangs dropped and instinct took over. Ephraim’s mouth latched onto the bastard’s neck, greedily sucking the sweet, hot liquid that flowed into his mouth and down his throat. The footman screamed as he struggled against the restraining hands that held him down, making it difficult for Ephraim to keep his fangs in place. Desperate for more, Ephraim reached up with shaky hands and grabbed the bastard by his hair and held on.
Once the body was drained, Marc offered him another man and then another. Ephraim watched in amazement as his pale skin tanned and then expanded as muscle grew beneath the surface. By the sixth body, Ephraim looked exactly as he had twenty years ago when he’d come out of his coma, Marc thought. 
With a satisfied grin, he looked at Nichols, who’d paled considerably over the past hour. Two footmen had tried to escape during the feeding. They’d preferred a quick death to being fed to the devil. Their lifeless bodies were hauled over to Ephraim, who’d made use of their cooling blood.
Four footmen remained, trembling against the wall with fresh urine soaking the front of their trousers. “Please, Your Grace! We’re sorry! We’ll do anything you want!” the men sobbed, begging for their worthless lives.
Marc ignored them and focused on Nichols even as he spoke to Ephraim. “Are you still hungry?”
“No, thank you,” Ephraim said around a burp that he couldn’t possibly contain in his untried stomach, earning a chuckle from Marc. Had Marc gone insane in the last twenty years? It was a possibility, Ephraim decided as he watched his brother more closely.
“I want my brother unchained and given clothes,” Marc ordered his men, further shocking Ephraim. 
The same chains that had been used to restrain him twenty years ago were about to be removed. He was terrified of what he was about to see. Terrified, he watched as the chains were removed. Unable to help himself, he sighed with relief when he saw that his wrists weren’t scarred and damaged from the cuffs. There would be no physical reminders of his time he’d spent in this dungeon. His wrists were perfect, he was strong, and he was never going to allow something like this to ever happen again, he vowed.
“Ten years ago, my father asked you to take care of a young lady named Elizabeth Perkins. Do you remember her? I must tell you that you shouldn’t bother to lie, because I know for a fact that you remember her well. You brag about it in fact,” Marc pointed out calmly as Ephraim was handed a change of clothes. Keeping his attention on the scene unfolding in front of him, he pulled the garments on, nearly sighing with pleasure with the chore.
Nichols snickered. “A whore your father claimed had caught your eye and played you for a fool. I did you a favor.”
Marc’s fist suddenly shot out, taking Nichols by surprise. Nichols stumbled back before he was able to regain his composure. Frowning, Nichols touched a trembling hand to his lip. Ephraim knew before Nichols pulled his hand away that he was bleeding. 
“Were any of these men involved?” Marc asked, gesturing to the four terrified men standing against the stained wall.
Nichols reluctantly nodded before he decided that it was in his best interest to cooperate. “Yes, all four took part.”
“Shoot them,” Marc said evenly.
“No!” the men screamed, but it was too late. Marc’s men aimed their weapons and fired. The sound was deafening. Every man except for Ephraim and Marc flinched. Nichols suddenly looked frightened and probably for good reason, Ephraim mused with amusement.
He finished buttoning his shirt and stepped forward only to come to a halt as one of Marc’s men held out a mirror. Ephraim numbly stared at his reflection. Twenty years ago, he’d been told that he’d changed. For the first time since that day he was finally seeing those changes. His eyes were cold, but still that brilliant blue he’d liked so many years ago. He ran his fingers over his face. The dry thin skin was gone, replaced by skin that appeared healthy and smooth. He couldn’t believe that this stranger staring back was him. He didn’t look anything like the thirty-six-year-old man that he was supposed to be. Instead, he looked like a man in his early twenties. 
“You look good, little man,” Marc said as he returned his attention to Nichols.
“That woman you raped and murdered was carrying my child,” he seethed with murderous rage.
“Lies, Your Grace. Surely you know that,” Nichols explained with a condescending smile.
Marc’s hand shot out and slashed Nichols across the chest. The older man stumbled back with a gasp. “My father may have asked you to help him for fear that I was dirtying our blood lines, but you should know that whore as you called her was my wife!” he roared.
 Nichols opened his mouth only to release a startled gasp when Marc slashed the knife across his chest once again.
“You didn’t know. No one did. We married in secret so that I could protect her from him. I took her virginity in our marital bed. She was not my mistress. Do you understand, Nichols?” Marc demanded in a cold, menacing tone as he followed Nichols to the wall where he was quickly backing up, desperate for an escape. “We were married for six months. Six months! She was three months along with our child!”
“Y-your father demanded that I take care of her,” Nichols stuttered nervously.
“Like you took care of my brother?” Marc asked mockingly.
Nichols froze. He didn’t say anything, because there was nothing that he could say that would save him. 
“You killed my wife and unborn child and you made sure that she suffered as you did it. You didn’t feel one ounce of guilt or shame for what you did to her. You bragged about it. All these years I had to sit back and hold my tongue while you bragged about your evil deeds. You like to call my brother the devil, but we both know that you’re the real monster.” 
He pointed at Ephraim who was still staring at the mirror. “You starved him for twenty years. He gets a chance at three men to fill his stomach and he gave his word like a man and kept it! He is a man and you are at your end, sir!”
Ephraim tore his gaze from the mirror and walked over to his brother. He felt uncomfortable wearing clothes, but he pushed those feelings aside and focused on his brother. “Marc?” he asked, putting every question that he had into that one word.
“Ephraim, would you like to finish this? I’m sure you have more right than I to do it.” 
He could see what that offer cost Marc. His jaw was clenched tightly and he looked like he was on the verge of a breakdown.
“No, he killed your wife and child. The right is yours.” 
“Thank you,” Marc said coldly before he lunged at Nichols and stabbed him until blood covered the wall behind them, Marc, and everything around them. Still he didn’t stop. He didn’t stop even when the gurgling ceased. 
Ephraim’s hand flashed out suddenly, faster than anything he’d ever seen before and grabbed the knife. “That’s enough.”
Marc looked up at Ephraim, stunned as though he’d forgotten that he was there. He took a deep breath and reluctantly nodded. “Let’s go home,” Marc said in a confused voice, clearly lost in his grief.
Ephraim nodded. It was the last place that he wanted to be, but he would do it for his brother since the man was clearly hurting. 
“For now.”

Chapter 1
Rascal, New Hampshire
2009
“But what if she doesn’t like me?” Joshua whispered softly as he tried to force a reassuring smile to make her think that the answer wouldn’t bother him.
“Yeah, what if she doesn’t like us?” Jill decided to ask, giving credence to Joshua’s question and making her wonder exactly how many years she could get for beating the bitchiness out of her sister. 
Probably no more than five years, Madison mused as she swore under her breath. She was going to have to take Jill aside and remind her that a fifteen-year-old girl shouldn’t take so much joy out of screwing with their ten-year-old brother’s head just because she was bored. Now Joshua was going to start crying, again. 
After four days on the road with her siblings and “mother,” Madison was ready to flee from the car, screaming. This trip couldn’t end fast enough for her and apparently, it wouldn’t. She had a feeling that the U-Haul trailer attached to the back of her car was the reason why it was taking twice as long as it should to complete this trip from the bowels of hell.
She shot another annoyed look at her “mother,” who was curled up in the passenger seat of Madison’s small beat up used car with the latest gossip rag that Madison had been forced to buy in order to shut her up. Her “mother,” and yes, she used the term loosely for obvious reasons, was habitually broke and had never lasted more than a day at any job that she’d been lucky to land. 
Her real name was Emma, but she’d decided years ago that Candy was a much better fit for her since she hated her real name. In fact, she hated absolutely everything about herself unless a man, any man, gave his approval. That’s how Candy ran her life and the lives of her three children who’d had the misfortune of being born to a woman as special as Candy. 
It was pretty simple, as long as a man gave his approval, no matter what it was, then it was okay. God forbid that a man didn’t like something about Candy or one of her children, because she would do whatever it took to make him happy. If they didn’t play along to please the latest loser that she was screwing, God help them all, because Candy wasn’t above throwing a tantrum, screaming, hitting, threatening, or manipulating her three children to get whatever she wanted. 
Knowing how close she was to losing it, Madison took a deep breath and slowly counted to ten in her head, praying that it would be enough to stop her from doing something incredibly stupid, satisfying, but stupid. She was furious with Candy and for good reason. 
After twenty-three years of living an existence of pure hell, Madison had been led to believe that she was finally going to catch a break. Candy had agreed to sign over custody of the Madison’s brother and sister and this time she’d promised that she was really going to do it. The day when they were finally free of Candy couldn’t come fast enough for Madison. 
After years of going without so that her sister and brother didn’t have to, and saving every extra penny that she could get her hands on, she finally had some money in the bank, her college degree, a good job and plans for a better future. She’d planned to move them out of the dumpy, broken down trailer that they’d been forced to call home and take her brother and sister somewhere better, somewhere safer. It had actually surprised her when Candy had agreed to let them go without a fight when it meant giving up her only source of income.
For years, Madison had been counting down the days until she would turn eighteen and finally be free of her mother’s clutches and apparently, she hadn’t been the only one. Before the big day hit, Candy had let her know that she had absolutely no plans on letting Madison go.
According to Candy it was her turn for a life and she was going to have it and there was nothing that Madison could do to stop her. After all, it was Madison’s fault that her life had been ruined in the first place. Candy would have been a model by now if she hadn’t gotten pregnant with Madison when she was sixteen. Candy believed that Madison owed her for not getting an abortion, something that she loved to bring up whenever she wanted something or just felt like throwing in Madison’s face, making sure that Madison never forgot how much she truly hated her.
It was a special relationship.
It was also another reason why she wished that she had been raised by her father, but that really hadn’t been an option. When Candy found out that she was pregnant with Madison at the ripe old age of sixteen, she’d had absolutely no idea who the father was. It wasn’t until Madison was born that Candy finally figured out who her father was thanks to Madison’s jet-black hair, naturally tanned skin and brown eyes that reminded people of caramel. 
Her mother was a racist and according to her, she’d only “slummed” with a “colored boy,” what she called anyone that wasn’t white, once. After that confession, it hadn’t been difficult for anyone to figure out that her father was Andrew Soloman, a boy from the local tribe. Unfortunately for Madison, he’d died shortly after she was born. As soon as he’d realized that he was the father, he’d made plans to raise Madison and Candy had been more than happy to get rid of her. 
When Madison’s father died in a house fire, Candy had flipped out and stormed out of her mother’s house, vowing never to return. She’d taken her infant daughter and headed for California where fortune and fame awaited her, but she’d only made it as far as the next state over before the money she’d stolen from her mother ran out. That’s when she’d started abusing welfare, had affairs with married men, and became addicted to drugs. 
It wasn’t long before she’d caught the attention of the local police department and social services. After a close call that had almost landed Candy in jail, they’d traveled all over the country until Jill came along, forcing them to settle in New Mexico. After Candy had found a broken-down trailer within her budget, she’d decided that Madison was old enough to take care of herself and her newborn baby sister. Not that she hadn’t been taken care of herself before then, but Candy’s total of lack interest had that point had made it somewhat official.
Since the day that Madison had learned to count, she’d been counting down the days until she’d turned eighteen and would finally be free of Candy. She’d never planned on leaving her siblings behind, but she’d desperately needed to get away from her mother before she’d found a way to destroy Madison’s life, too. 
Candy had dreaded the day that Madison turned eighteen. It meant that her days of freedom to run around and do whatever she wanted, whenever she wanted were about to come to an end. She would have been forced to take care of the kids or find someone else to take care of the kids and Candy wasn’t having that. So, when the morning of Madison’s eighteenth birthday finally came, Candy did what any self-respecting woman would do when faced with real responsibility for the first time in her life. 
She’d hightailed it out of there.
Being the responsible adult that she was, Candy had left a note for Madison explaining the situation so that she wouldn’t worry about her. Madison wasn’t worried about her, but that was beside the point. Candy had wished her a happy birthday and thanked her in advance for taking care of the kids. She’d finally found true love and was going to Vegas so that she could be with the new love of her life. Madison hadn’t known whether to laugh or cry. After years of praying that Candy would leave them alone, she was finally gone, but that meant that Madison was forced to support her two siblings on her own sooner than she’d anticipated.
So, for the past five years Madison had raised her little brother and sister with absolutely no help. Not that she really had much help before, but still. She’d worked her ass off to make sure that her brother and sister had a good childhood. It hadn’t been perfect, but it had different from the childhood that Candy had given her. 
No one had missed Candy since she’d barely been a part of their lives when she was around. Madison had always been the one to take care of them. From the start, Candy had acted like the older sister who didn’t like her siblings very much, was never around and when she was, she made everyone’s life a living hell. 
Everyone had a role to play after all.
After Candy left town, Madison had taken menial jobs to put herself through college, put food on the table, and clothes on their backs. While other kids her age had been out partying, enjoying school, dating, and all the normal things that eighteen year olds liked to do, she’d been focused on trying to keep her head above water. Some days she’d wanted to curl up into the fetal position, close her eyes and hope the next day would be better. The only thing that got her through those dark days was the promise that one day things would be different.
She had a few friends from the reservation that had helped keep her sane over the years. So, whenever she had free time, which wasn’t often, she’d spent it with them just to get away. There hadn’t been any time for boyfriends, which she’d been fine with since she was terrified of turning into her mother. She knew that was being paranoid and that the chances of her actually turning into her mother were slim to none, but she didn’t want to take any chances, not when she had two children depending on her.
While Candy fell in love with every man she met, instantly becoming obsessed with them, and doing whatever it took to get them. Madison was careful. Any man that she started to care for was immediately pushed away. It was just safer that way. Besides, Madison had too much on her plate right now to add another complication.
Two weeks ago, she’d started her new job at the local high school as a history teacher. Everything had been going perfect for the first time in her life and that’s when things had gone to hell. Joshua had woken her up at three in the morning, crying. A drunk woman was puking in their living room/kitchen/dining room/Joshua’s bedroom and scared the hell out of him. Grabbing the baseball bat she kept by the door, she’d gone to confront the drunk woman in the aforementioned room only to end up cursing. 
Candy had returned.
Candy had come back with a vengeance. Stewart, the man that she’d run off with five years ago, had never married her. They’d lived in hotels all over the country. Candy had loved her new life. She had pictures and magnets from every state except for New Hampshire, Hawaii, and Alaska. She hated New Hampshire and had sworn that she would never go back there. 
According to Candy, everything had been going great until Stewart had discovered that Candy wasn’t a natural blonde. He’d apparently been horrified to discover that she bleached her hair. Madison thought that it had been pretty obvious that Candy wasn’t a natural blonde, but that was probably because Candy always forgot to dye her roots. 
Stewart also hadn’t realized that Candy’s golden locks came from a box. He hadn’t realized a lot of things about Candy, like the fact that her real name wasn’t Candy, and she wasn’t twenty-eight. Then again, Madison had also thought that had been pretty obvious, but Stewart had apparently been blinded by love. That love had ended once he’d figured out that she’d lied to him. After that he’d felt completely justified in screwing around on her. 
Candy found out after she came home one night from a club to find Stewart, “Breaking her heart by fucking that whore Jennifer from the strip club on their bed of love.” Those had been her exact words that she had used to explain the incident that brought her back into their lives to her two youngest children.
Madison had refused to allow her mother’s presence to alter their plans. She wasn’t a child anymore and wasn’t going to let her mother walk all over her. She also wasn’t going to all her to screw with her brother and sister’s lives. She’d demanded that Candy sign the custody papers, finally giving Madison legal custody of her brother and sister, or she would take her to court. Candy had refused to sign the papers, claiming that she’d missed the kids and that she loved them right around the time she’d applied for welfare. 
It seemed that the state of New Mexico had no longer been willing to give her a free ride. So, Candy inquired about New Hampshire’s welfare system. They were more than willing to give her welfare to take care of the kids, but only because Candy had been claiming residency there for the past five years. That had surprised Madison. Then again, a lot of things about Candy surprised her, but she could honestly say that she hadn’t expected Candy to have that trick up her sleeve.
Terrified for her brother and sister, and already knowing that she couldn’t afford to hire a lawyer to sue Candy for custody, Madison had begged and argued with her to leave the kids with her. She reminded Candy about how much she hated New Hampshire and how much work raising two children was, but nothing she said or did was able to persuade Candy from taking the children.
Candy had refused to listen to reason. She wanted the kids to come with her. She needed them to make this work. Without them she was royally screwed and they both knew it. She’d cried, threw tantrums, and threatened to keep the kids away from Madison if she didn’t give her what she wanted. 
In the end, Madison had broken down and gave in. That’s when she found out that her Grandmother had agreed to take them all in. Candy had never allowed her mother to have contact with them, because she’d been afraid that she’d lose her meal ticket. Over the years, she’d frequently tried to blackmail her mother with the kids, promising to let her see them if she sent Candy money. Grandma had always refused and Candy had never really cared when she did, because Candy always had a Plan B to cover her ass. 
Until now.
Now it seemed that Grandma finally had the upper hand and they all knew it. Thank God for that, because two weeks ago, the sweet, well-behaved sister that Madison knew and loved had started to disappear and in her place was a little brat that she wanted to slap the shit out of every time she opened her mouth. She wasn’t sure how it happened, but Candy was now Jill’s BFF and nothing Madison did or said seemed to be able to put a stop to it. 
 Just before they’d left, Madison had discovered her sister on the couch making out with a man in his late twenties. Candy had known the guy so she hadn’t seen anything wrong with it and couldn’t understand why Madison was mad. Upon finding her little sister being mauled by a grown man, Madison had taken it upon herself to chase him out of the trailer with her trusty baseball bat. 
It also hadn’t bothered Candy when Jill got drunk with her new buddies. When Madison found out she’d thrown all the drugs out, drugs that Candy had apparently planned to pay for with sex. The owner of the drugs had come back and when Candy had explained what happened, he’d struck Madison before she could reach for her bat, blackening her cheek. 
This nightmare needed to end soon and it seemed that her grandmother was about make sure that happened. Her grandmother had put her foot down. She had Candy right where she wanted her and they all knew it. Candy had bragged that her mother was a desperate, lonely old woman that would do anything to see them. According to Candy, they were going to live like royalty. Madison and Joshua knew that was complete bullshit, but Jill seemed to be buying into Candy’s bullshit.
Joshua hated Candy and he had no problems with letting her know it. As far as he was concerned he was Madison’s little boy. Candy didn’t care. Joshua was just another welfare check, one that she wouldn’t be getting unless she did as she was told.
Grandma had threatened to inform the authorities about Candy’s history of fraud to gain her cooperation. Candy was to bring the two little ones to New Hampshire immediately and sign over custody or face the consequences. Madison was welcome to join them as well, but the choice was hers. In return, they would be given rooms in the large boarding house that their Grandmother owned. 
The house had been in the family for more than two hundred years, but had only been a boarding house for the past thirty after Grandma had been forced to turn her ancestral home into a boarding house after her husband had passed away. From what Madison heard, the house was large, clean, and ruled with an iron fist. 
Madison suspected that Candy was going to have a difficult time living like a queen, something that she’d been bragging about since she’d agreed to her mother’s terms. A little over a week ago, Grandma had sent a certified letter to Candy, listing her expectations and making sure that there were no misunderstandings. 
They were to earn their keep by helping with the chores. Grandma had laid off her employees with the expectation that they were going to work for her in return for a roof over their heads and food on their plates. Madison had a feeling that it wasn’t because her Grandmother was cheap and expected slave labor like Candy had claimed. Madison suspected that this was her Grandmother’s attempt to help Candy.
She just hoped that they’d be able to do something about Jill before it was too late. But, she wasn’t sure anything was going to help, not after last week when Jill had announced that she was planning on getting rid of her virginity as soon as possible. Candy had wholeheartedly supported that plan since Jill’s virginity would just get in the way of having a good time. 
Over the past week, Madison had watched her sister like a hawk. The only time that Jill had been allowed out of her sight was when she was asleep and that was only because Jill had refused to share a hotel room with her. That had been fine with Madison since she’d need a break from Jill and Candy’s bullshit before she did something she’d regret. So, instead she’d settled for keeping an eye on their hotel room, making sure that Jill didn’t sneak out and do something stupid. Once she’d made sure that her fifteen-year-old sister’s virtue was safe she’d called it a night and curled up in her room with Joshua, praying that this worked.
So here she was, driving into their new town instead of filing for custody as she’d originally planned, in over her head with Jill, unemployed, and starting to think that she’d made a mistake. She hoped she was wrong, because something told her that she was going to need all the help that she could get with Jill.
*-*-*-*
“It looks like a mansion!” Joshua yelled with a huge smile as he climbed out of the car. 
With another one of those fake smiles that always freaked Madison out, Candy stopped in front of Joshua and held her arms wide open. Making sure to put as much space between himself and Candy as humanly possible, Joshua ran past her and straight into Madison’s arms. 
He wasn’t stupid. 
He already knew that Candy was only trying to use him so that she could put on a show for Grandma. Of course, he’d probably picked up on the not-so-subtle clues that she’d been dropping about her plans to use Joshua and Jill to manipulate their grandmother. If Grandma thought that Candy was a good mother then their Grandmother would probably leave her alone so that she could devote her time to taking care of the children. Candy really did not want to have to clean, cook or do anything that would interfere with her plans to live a life of leisure. Working was okay for Madison, but not for Candy. According to her, she was meant for better things.
Madison took in their new surroundings with a frown. The sun was shining, birds were chirping, the leaves were a beautiful multicolor that she’d never seen before, and she was freezing her ass off. She couldn’t seem to stop shivering. How could it be this cold if the sun was out, she wondered as she wrapped her arms tightly around herself, desperately trying to keep what was left of her body heat from abandoning her and leaving her to fight off hypothermia, which she was almost ninety percent sure was already setting in.
“This is where we have to live?” Jill demanded in the same bitchy tone that Candy liked to use when something wasn’t going her way. It grated on Madison’s nerves in the worst way. She really hoped their grandmother was able to work miracles otherwise she was afraid that she would be forced to beat some sense into her sister with the large baseball bat that she kept in the trunk of her car.
Madison took one last look at her sister’s new wardrobe and sighed heavily, wondering exactly when she’d gone wrong. Everything Jill was wearing was too tight and way too small. Jill was short for her age and underdeveloped. The clothes made her look like a child prostitute. 
This miracle needed to happen fast.
Madison kissed Joshua’s cheek. “Go knock and remember to be polite,” she whispered as she sent one last prayer heavenward, hoping for a miracle to save them all.
Joshua nodded dutifully as he ran to the front door and knocked as loudly as his little fist would allow. A minute later, the door opened with an ominous creek that had Madison shifting nervously and wondering if this had been a mistake. She opened her mouth to call him back, but before she could he was walking inside like he owned the place and after a slight hesitation, she reluctantly walked in after him. 
A tall woman in her late fifties stood in the foyer. She didn’t look anything like Madison had imagined that she would. She’d expected a short, plump, gray-haired grandmother like the one on the cookie box back home. This woman appeared strong and capable and had a no-nonsense air about her.
Candy pushed past Madison and rushed towards the older woman with an excited high-pitched squeal that had everyone in the large foyer visibly cringing. As soon as Candy was within striking distance, she reached out, grabbed the older woman by her sturdy shoulders and dragged her into a hug as she gushed, “Oh, Mama, I’m so happy to see you!”
With an annoyed sigh, Grandma pushed her away and dismissed her with a frown and a muttered, “I just bet you are,” before she turned her attention to the three grandchildren standing nervously in the large foyer as they waited for her reaction. She took one look at Joshua and smiled before her gaze shifted to Madison. Once she’d finished looking Madison over from head to toe, she beamed with pride only to frown when her gaze landed on Jill. The breath Madison hadn’t realized that she’d been holding left her body with a relieved sigh. Grandma didn’t approve of what she saw, which meant that Madison might actually have an ally.
“Why don’t we go into the living room and have a talk,” Grandma suggested after giving Jill one last look before she shifted her gaze accusingly on Candy, guessing correctly that she was the reason that Jill was acting like a hooker in training. 
As soon as she sat down on the loveseat next to Joshua he reached for her hand and held onto it tightly. He was excited to be here, but he was also terrified. Over the years, Candy had told them stories of just how horrible and mean their grandmother was to children. Giving Joshua’s hand a reassuring squeeze that told him that everything was going to be okay, Madison prayed that Candy had lied, again.
Grandma clasped her hands together in her lap and softly cleared her throat. “I just wanted to say that I am very pleased to have you children here. This is going to be your home now,” she said with a warm smile even as she leveled a hard glare on Candy, reminding her that Jill and Joshua were now legally hers and all the games that she’d been playing over the years were over. 
In response, Candy pouted. It was an act. She’d found another sucker to raise her kids and give her a free ride and she couldn’t be happier, but just in case Grandma figured that out, she had to keep up appearances. Therefore, Candy was going to continue to look upset about this whole situation, sigh heavily every so often and allow her lower lip to tremble whenever Grandma looked her way.
Jill and Joshua, you each have your own rooms,” Grandma said with a meaningful look that had Madison biting back a smile, because the woman was clearly a saint.
“Really?” Joshua asked excitedly. He’d never had a bedroom before never mind his own room thanks to the limited space living in the trailer had offered.
“Yes, your rooms are near mine so I’m afraid that I have a few rules that I’m going to need you to follow. You can listen to a radio or watch television, but out of respect for the other renters you’ll have to keep the volume down. Joshua, you have a bed time of…” she started to say, only to trail off as she shifted her attention to Candy, who was still sitting there, pouting and trying to look miserable.
Shaking her head in disgust, because she really was sick of playing these games with her, Madison answered for her, “He goes to bed by eight.” 
 “That sounds more than reasonable,” Grandma mumbled, nodding approvingly as she shifted her attention back to Joshua. “If you’re a good boy and do your homework and your best in school then we can add a half hour onto your bedtime later. How does that sound?”
Joshua eagerly nodded, looking relieved for the first time since she’d had to break the news to him that they had to move.  With a smile, Grandma turned her attention to Jill and visibly held back a sigh. “Jill, your bedtime is nine o’clock. You don’t have a curfew yet, I’m afraid. If you want one then you’re going to have to earn it. Am I understood?” she asked firmly, but it was more than obvious that she wasn’t really asking a question and Jill definitely didn’t have a say about the rules.
Jill snorted with that bitch look that had Madison’s hands twitching and looked at Candy for help. “Candy, do something!” 
Candy only pouted as her expression turned wounded as though she would really like to say something, but unfortunately for Jill, it was out of her hands. If Madison didn’t know exactly how manipulative Candy was, she might have actually fallen for that look. Apparently, Grandma was well versed in Candy’s bullshit, because she looked kind of pissed. 
Grandma narrowed her eyes on Candy even as she spoke to Jill. “You will refer to her as ‘mom’ or ‘mother.’ She is not your friend. She is your mother and for the record her name is Emma,” she said with a pointed look at Candy, daring her to argue. Candy, who was known to flip out over less, apparently had enough sense to keep her mouth shut.
“Madison?” Grandma said, startling her and making her realize that she’d been glaring at Candy while imagining just how good it would feel to slap the shit out of the woman that had made their lives a living hell.
Knowing that slapping her mother would probably send the wrong message, Madison looked back at her grandmother to find her studying her. Madison was used to this kind of scrutiny, because she didn’t look anything like her brother and sister. 
Joshua had light brown hair and green eyes while Jill had wild red hair and blue eyes. They all had different fathers, of course. Grandma’s smiled turned warm and a bit sad as she said, “You turned out beautifully, Madison. I can’t get over how much you look like your father.” Madison wanted to ask about her father, but she knew better than to ask in front of Candy. 
“Thank you, Grandma,” Madison said, testing out the name. It felt weird calling someone Grandma, but somehow this woman fit the role. If anyone should be her grandmother it was definitely this woman.
“You’re very welcome, Madison. You’re more than welcome to stay here as long as you want, sweetheart. The only thing that I ask for in return is the occasional hand with the chores and to keep your bedroom and the bathroom that you share with one other boarder, clean. Does that sound reasonable?” Grandma asked, actually sounding a little nervous that Madison would refuse.
She would never abandon her brother and sister and to be honest, she really wanted to get to know what was probably the only other sane adult in her family.
“I like to earn my keep, Grandma. How much is the monthly cost for me and the kids?” she asked even as she mentally calculated her savings, trying to figure out how long she was going to be able to support the kids before she was forced to take whatever minimum wage job she could find.
Grandma waved off her question as though it didn’t matter. “The kids are my responsibility now. I’ve missed you, Madison, and I’m glad that you’re here. Just help out when you can and everything will be fine. But since we’re on the subject of money, this is probably a good time to tell you that I found a job for you. You start tomorrow.”
Madison managed a smile as she forced herself to accept the fact that she was going to have to work another menial job. After nine years of working the worst possible jobs with the worst possible people, she’d thought she’d escaped all that when she’d earned her degree, but apparently not. 
“I spoke with Professor O’Shea, who has some connections with the local high school and asked her if she could help find you a position. They contacted your last employer and I gave them the resume you sent me last week. They liked what they saw and decided to take a chance on you based on Professor O’Shea’s word. You have a position as a teacher in the history department at Rascal High School on a trial basis,” Grandma explained with an apologetic smile as though this news would somehow upset her.
That was definitely not the news that Madison had expected and she couldn’t be happier. She was out of her chair and hugging her grandmother before she realized what she was doing. “Oh, my God, thank you, thank you!” 
Grandma laughed as she returned the hug. Giving Madison a squeeze, she whispered fiercely in Madison’s ear, “I’m so proud of you, kiddo. I’m just so sorry that you had to do this all on your own.” 
Biting her lip, Madison nodded released her death grip on her grandmother with a watery smile as she wiped a tear away and sat back down next to Joshua. 
Her expression turning stern, Grandma shifted her attention back to Candy, who of course was still pouting. “Now, as far as you’re concerned, Emma. You’re welcome to stay here as long as you follow the rules and earn your keep. You start working at seven in the morning and stop at four. Room and board are included and I’ll pay you five dollars an hour on top of that.” 
Candy opened her mouth to argue, but Grandma kept going. “I’ve already filed the papers and it’s legal so you don’t have to worry about the kids.” It was a threat and a warning, and Candy knew it. She wasn’t going to be able to hide behind the kids any longer and the free ride was over. 
“There are no drugs, alcohol or men allowed in your room. Also, we have three male guests. Consider them off limits. Am I understood?” Grandma asked in a hard tone and a glare, daring Candy to bitch and complain.
The pout was instantly gone at the mention of the three men. It was replaced by the bitch look that Madison knew only too well and hated. Candy’s eyes narrowed as she folded her arms over her chest and set her jaw stubbornly. “And if I don’t agree?”
Grandma smiled hugely. “Then don’t let the door hit you on the ass on your way out.” 
Knowing that she didn’t have a choice, Candy shut her mouth and settled on glaring murderously at her mother. There was nowhere for her to go and she had no money. She was trapped here and she knew it. So, she reluctantly nodded, but it was clear to Madison that she was already trying to come up a way to get out of this. 
“Good,” Grandma said, sighing with relief as she once again returned her attention to Madison. “I almost forgot the most important rule. If I find out that you give your mother any more money, I will have to throw you both out. You’re not doing yourself any favors by letting her take advantage of you. You’ve done more than enough for her and you don’t owe her a damn thing. Am I understood?”
Madison could only stare and nod in wonder.
 “Good. Well, let me show you to your rooms,” Grandma said with a big smile as she got to her feet and gestured towards the stairs.

Chapter 2
Madison absently ran her fingers over the quilt folded at the end of her new bed as she looked around the room that her grandmother had given her. The room was very large, beautiful, spacious and all hers. It also had a great view of the backyard. 
Their old trailer had overlooked a tire factory that left the air something to be desired anytime the temperature outside reached above eighty degrees, which unfortunately had been pretty much every day. This room overlooked an apple orchard and a large in-ground swimming pool. It smelled like fresh cut grass, crisp clean air, and flowers. The only downside as far as she could tell was the adjoining bathroom that she was supposed to share with her neighbor, but not even that could dampen her good mood. 
Then again, Grandma had promised that her new neighbor was nice, clean and hardly ever home. He only came home to sleep and shower, which Grandma admitted that he did two or three times a day. Her new neighbor was apparently addicted to showers. He was also a detective for the state police and assigned locally.
For the past two years, he’d been renting both rooms since he couldn’t tolerate sharing a bathroom. He also didn’t like the idea of having someone occupying the room next to his. He craved peace and quiet and the three tenants that had previously rented her room had been anything but quiet. As soon as the last tenant had moved out, her new neighbor had informed Grandma that he was paying for the extra room so that it would remain empty.
It had taken a week and a lot of promises, but after Grandma had explained the situation, he’d reluctantly agreed to let Madison have the room. He seemed to think that any woman who’d raised her siblings on her own and had put herself through college deserved a chance. His only stipulation was that everyone was to leave him alone, which was more than fine with her. 
Her new neighbor helped her grandmother out from time to time, but for the most part he kept to himself. It was also obvious that her grandmother had a soft spot for the detective. He’d helped take care of troublesome renters in the past and as a thank you, Grandma made sure that everyone left him alone.
After five more minutes of promises from her grandmother that the Detective was fine with her having the room, Madison agreed to take it. Their rooms were on the back addition of the house and right above the large storage room that her grandmother used to store everything from her old motorcycles to extra tables and chairs. They were well away from the rest of the house, which meant that they were guaranteed peace and quiet. They also had their own entrance off the short hallway that connected their rooms to the main house, giving her complete freedom to come and go as she pleased. 
There was an empty room next to Candy’s, but Grandma was trying to give Madison a much-needed break from the kids and Candy’s drama. The kids, and especially Candy, were forbidden to come to this section of the house out of respect for the Detective. That’s what Grandma had told her, but it was probably for her benefit as well. Her grandmother clearly understood that Madison hadn’t moved here out of desperation like Candy, but because she loved her brother and sister and wasn’t ready to let them go.
Madison walked back over to her laptop computer and scrolled down to the bottom of the page “Finally,” she mumbled to herself with a heavy sigh.
Last week she’d discovered that her mother had memorized her account number and password. She’d managed to transfer two hundred dollars into her own account before Madison could stop her. Madison had a feeling that Jill had helped her, seeing how they both came home later that night wearing matching outfits and bitchy expressions. If her grandmother hadn’t stepped in, Madison would have been forced to press charges to put an end to the bullshit. 
That was most likely the reason that her grandmother had made that statement about money earlier. Last week Madison had asked her grandmother, without giving away too many details, to open an account for her at the local bank. Grandma had set the account up for Madison along with online access to make things easier for her. Grandma had thought of everything. Now she just needed to make sure that Jill and Candy didn’t get their hands on her new debit card or on her account information and she would be all set.
It was still midmorning by the time she’d finished bringing the rest of her things up to her new room. Having her own entrance definitely had some advantageous, she decided as she thought about how much fun it would have been if she’d been forced to haul her meager possessions through the house and up the stairs like everyone else. No one needed to see that she’d run out of boxes and had been forced to pack most of her clothes in trash bags. Placing the last box on the floor, she contemplated her next move.
Worrying her bottom lip, she took another look around her new bedroom. It wasn’t exactly surprising that everything in her room was covered with a thick layer of dust since this room hadn’t been used in over two years. Their small hallway needed to be cleaned as well, she thought, deciding that she might as well clean the hallway, too. Both areas were covered in dust, held a stale aroma that was starting to give her a headache and that weird pine scent wasn’t exactly helping matters. 
Two years ago, when her new neighbor as she liked to think of him since they shared a bathroom and an entrance, asked Grandma not to allow anyone in this part of the house, Grandma had agreed without hesitation. She felt that a man should have privacy. Well, a police detective should have his privacy at least. Madison had a feeling that her grandmother didn’t feel the same way about her other tenants. There were five in total, including her neighbor, two women and two men. 
“Damn it,” she groaned pathetically when she’d realized that she’d forgotten to ask Grandma what her new neighbor’s name was. She didn’t plan on bothering him since he wanted to be left alone, but she thought that it would make it less awkward sharing a bathroom with a stranger if she at least knew his name.
 “Oh well,” she said with a sigh and a shrug, because it really wasn’t a big deal in the grand scheme of things. She’d find out his name eventually. 
“Now, let’s see,” she murmured to herself as she opened the closet door, “Grandma said the vacuum cleaner would be in here,” and sure enough, there it was. 
“And the cleaning supplies are in the bathroom,” she said absently to herself as she closed the closet door and headed towards the bathroom. It still felt kind of weird that she was sharing a bathroom with a man that she’d never met before, but she’d deal with it. It was a new experience, she told herself, trying to tell herself for the hundredth time that everything was going to be okay. She just wished that she could believe it.
Sighing heavily, she opened the bathroom door and-
 Gagged violently. 
This was definitely a new experience, she silently amended, covering her mouth with her hand as she gagged again. The bathroom looked as though it hadn’t been cleaned in years. If she had to guess, she would say that it had probably been at least two years since this bathroom had come in contact with any type of disinfectant. She pulled the top of her shirt over her mouth so that she could breathe while she made her way to the small window above the toilet. She yanked it open as far as it would go, desperate for fresh air.
With that done, she slowly turned around and took in the horror that was her new bathroom. This was a massacre on hygiene and sanitation. The room smelled of mold, mildew, body odor, dirty clothes and held that unmistakable odor of a public toilet as well as the scent of old cardboard air fresheners. The combination was vomit-inducing. She slowly looked around the small room that honestly terrified her to her very soul. Hanging off every available surface was an air freshener in varying stages of decomposition. Some were pale white with age while others still had that bright green pigmentation of a freshly opened air freshener. 
Well, that explained the pine smell, she thought, trying not to gag again.
In the corner, there was a large pile of damp, mold-covered towels taking up residence. The decaying pile came up to her hips. There was no way that her sanity was going to be able to survive another minute of this, she decided with a disbelieving shake of her head. She tapped the pile of rotting towels with her foot and gagged when the top of the pile slid over onto the mildew-covered floor, leaving behind a rotting pile of black, slimy fabric. 
This was the perfect setting for a horror movie. 
She shifted her attention to the toilet and then quickly away before she was forced to kneel in front of that toilet and getter better acquainted with the porcelain throne that terrified her. The rings in the toilet were dark red and were covered with grime. It smelled like rust and other things that she really didn’t want to think about at the moment, but then again, she really didn’t want to think about any of the smells emanating from this bathroom. 
The sink was covered in hard water stains, soap scum, dirt, and upon closer inspection she discovered beard trimmings trapped in the grime covering the sink in some weird street grunge mosaic. Old rusty razors covered the counter along with other discarded trash that she really didn’t want to think about. Madison looked down at the trashcan and couldn’t help but laugh. The small bathroom trashcan appeared to be brand new. Other than a small layer of dust covering the bottom, it was probably the cleanest item in the bathroom.
Dreading what was waiting for her when she turned around, she swallowed and forced herself to get it over with. What she saw had her groaning pathetically most likely whimpering as well. The tub, as she’d dreaded, was a match for the sink and the toilet. It was covered in grime, hard water stains, and every few inches there was a pile of discarded soap slivers. It was absolutely terrifying and there was no doubt in her mind that she would have nightmares about this experience for years to come.
Before her grandmother had abandoned her to this unholy mess, she’d promised Madison that the cleaning supplies were beneath the sink. She’d sworn up and down that she’d stocked the small cabinet immediately after the last renter had moved out. Madison had a sneaking suspicion about what she was going to find when she looked in the bathroom cabinet. Sure enough, the cabinet was filled from top to bottom with brand new cleaning supplies covered in a small layer of dust. 
She couldn’t help but laugh, because this really was going to be a new experience, just not one that she was willing to repeat. Putting on a pair of the one-size-fits-all rubber gloves that she found beneath the sink, Madison resigned herself to what needed to be done. Holding her breath, she grabbed large armfuls of rotting towels and shoved them into heavy-duty black trash bags. It took four large trash bags to get rid of all of them and two trips outside to the dumpster. 
She had a feeling that her mysterious neighbor used his towels until they were no longer usable and then tossed them on top of the pile.  A few seconds later, her theory was confirmed by the towel hanging on a hook near the shower. Most of the material was worn away and it was starting to smell just as bad as the others. She shoved that one into a bag as well, deciding that she might as well do a thorough job.
Madison spent the next four hours scrubbing, scraping God only knows what and really, she didn’t want to know, gagging, pleading for it all to just go away, and finally polishing the freshly cleaned bathroom floor. By the time she was done, it was passable even by her strict standards. Every surface shined and the unidentifiable odor that had threatened to melt her lungs had been replaced by the lovely scent of fresh lemons. 
When she was done, she scrubbed her hands two or three more times and left the bathroom since she didn’t have time to stand around and admire her work. She only hoped that her neighbor wouldn’t take this as a challenge since she didn’t think that she’d survive doing this every week.
*-*-*-*
“You look silly, Madison!” Joshua announced with a giggle as he ran past her, bouncing the basketball that she’d bought him for his birthday last year.
Madison feigned a horrified expression as she looked down at her oversized sweatshirt, which covered four other layers of clothing, and gasped down at her outfit that really was doing absolutely nothing to keep her warm. She was freezing her ass off even though it was supposed to be seventy degrees out. Where she came from, seventy degrees was warm.
This was truly hell backwards, she thought with a shiver and a sigh as she wiped her grease-covered hands on her baggy jeans, hoping the black leggings that she was wearing would soak up any oil that made it past her jeans. She adjusted her baseball cap and ponytail as she watched Joshua try not to laugh. 
“What?” she asked, blinking innocently and earning another one of those sweet giggles that she loved so much. She did a little model walk, swinging her hips in exaggeration and pursing her lips up haughtily. “I think I look fabulous darling,” she purred. 
“You have oil on your face!” Joshua squealed, laughing harder.
She waved it off. “The oil simply adds texture and illusion, darling,” she said in the snootiest voice that she could manage. 
Joshua giggled that little boy giggle that she could happily listen to all day as he started bouncing his ball again. Smiling, Madison returned to the task at hand, making her car run for another day. Tomorrow, she would trade it in and buy a new car since she no longer had to worry about supporting her brother and sister by herself. She wasn’t planning on spending her entire nest egg, but she really needed a reliable vehicle, one that ran on more than just fumes, prayers, and duct tape.
“Madison!” Jill suddenly screeched into the otherwise peaceful day, making Madison cringe and nearly whimper with the realization that her day was about to become even more special than it already was.
“Looks like her royal highness didn’t get her way again,” Joshua muttered.
For a ten-year-old kid, he was rather perceptive, she mused as she considered using more duct tape to fix one of many leaks in the hose attached to…well, she wasn’t sure what it was attached to, but she knew enough to know that it shouldn’t be leaking.
“Why do you say that?” Madison asked as she turned her attention to the bolt attached to the end of the hose and struggled to loosen it. The damn thing was rusted on tightly. It wouldn’t budge even after she sprayed it with half a can of WD-40. She didn’t know exactly what the hose was, but she knew that it had to come off. 
“That’s the way she acts now since Candy came back. She’s a total pain,” he explained quietly as he bounced the ball. “I don’t understand why she wants to be like her. She’s gross!”
Madison couldn’t agree more, but she didn’t say anything. Candy dressed and acted like a hooker and Madison was half afraid that she looked that way for a reason. Now Jill was taking after her. Speaking of Jill…
“I want to go home right now!” Jill screeched as she stormed over to Madison.
“Lower your voice, I can hear you just fine,” Madison said, continuing to focus on that damn bolt and wondering if she should see if her grandmother had a hacksaw that she could borrow.
“That woman told me that I’m not allowed to wear make-up. I have to earn it,” Jill said mockingly.
“That woman as you like to refer to her is our grandmother so you will call her ‘Grandma’ or ‘ma’am’ and if I hear you disrespect her again, I’ll slap that snarl off your face,” Madison warned with a glare. She was usually easy going with the kids, but Jill’s spoiled brat attitude was seriously starting to piss her off. 
“Fine! Grandma said that I can’t wear make-up or tight clothes!” 
“Good.”
“Good?”
“Good. That was ending today anyway. You’re starting school tomorrow and you’re not going dressed like that,” Madison explained, deciding that it was probably for the best if they had this talk now instead of in the morning.
Curious to see just how bad her clothes were, Madison looked her shoulder, taking in her sister’s outfit. Dear God, the girl was actually wearing a plastic mini skirt with a tight top that showed off her small breasts and fishnet stockings.
She used to be so reasonable, Madison thought with a defeated sigh.
“You just don’t want me to embarrass you!” Jill snapped.
Madison sighed heavily, because her sister seemed to have forgotten a few things. 
“First off, we look nothing alike,” Madison reminded her sister with a chuckle. “Secondly, we have different last names and you will call me Miss Soloman like everybody else. Thirdly, you’re not going around looking like a slut for the rest of your life. Have some self-respect.”
“Madison, what’s a slut?” Joshua’s young voice chimed in, reminding her too late that they had an audience. 
Shit!
She’d forgotten that he was still here. She winced as Jill shot her a smug look while she folded her thin arms over her small chest and waited with an amused smirk to see how Madison was going to talk herself out of this one.
“Yes, Madison, what’s a slut?” Jill asked, mockingly. 
She was going to kill the little brat this time. This was the final straw and she had no doubt that no one would blame her if she went through with it this time.
“Ah…that is…er…” she said, stumbling over her words as she struggled to find the right words to fix this, vaguely aware of a car engine shutting down close by, but her attention was on the little brat glaring triumphantly at her. 
“Come on, Madison! You’re a teacher so you should know what a slut is,” Joshua announced loudly. 
“I believe that’s a name given to a woman who really enjoys the company of men,” a deep voice said dryly, saving her ass.
“Oh, my,” Jill gasped in a sultry tone, a little too sultry for Madison’s sanity. That definitely couldn’t be a good sign, she told herself as she tried not to panic.
“Who are you and why do you have a gun?” Joshua demanded, taking twenty years off Madison’s life with that one question. 
“What?” Madison snapped, jerking her hand back as she stood up quickly to see what the hell was going on and in the process caught her wrist on something incredibly sharp and sliced her wrist open. “Ow!”  
*-*-*-*
The scene that met him as he walked up the long driveway was definitely interesting. A little boy was running around a piece of shit car, bouncing a basketball and asking someone named Madison about sluts. The next thing that caught his eye was a little girl dressed like a whore. She reminded him of the light skirts that used to work the docks when he was a child. She wore too much make-up, not enough clothes for this weather, and she gave off the scent of experience. 
The last thing that hit him was the smell of pure blood, virgin blood. He knew the scent wasn’t coming from the little boy. Men, even as little boys, never gave off that scent. That scent was saved for women alone. It was enticing, mouthwatering and he would give anything for a fucking taste of it. 
It had to be this little girl, he told himself as he shifted his head and scented the air again. She couldn’t be more than fifteen, maybe fourteen years old, but she wasn’t the virgin that was fucking with his senses. He wasn’t surprised. Well, he was, but times changed and no matter how badly he wanted to, he couldn’t put things back the way they used to be. The way they should be. Things had changed dramatically over the last century and not always for the better. According to today’s society, there was something seriously fucking wrong with being a virgin. 
Even if this little girl had been the virgin that he scented, she would have still been off limits. He didn’t feed where he lived and these were obviously the grandchildren his stubborn landlady was moving into the boarding house. He’d only remembered a few hours ago that they were supposed to arrive today, which was the reason he’d stopped at the store on his way home and picked up extra air fresheners for the bathroom. 
The other reason that she was safe from him was very simple. He’d never fed from a child before and he never would. Children were off-limits, because only a fucking monster would hurt a child. That left Madison, the oldest grandchild if he remembered correctly. Out of respect for Mrs. Buckman, she would be safe as well.
He couldn’t remember the last time he’d fed from a virgin. Had it really been sixty years ago? Probably. He had one rule when it came to virgins and he hadn’t needed that rule in the last sixty years. He’d never taken a woman’s virginity before and he never would. He was raised to believe that taking a woman’s virginity was equivalent to getting down on one knee and sentencing yourself to a lifetime of bullshit. That brought up an interesting question though. Exactly how long had it been since he’d been with a woman? It had to have been back in December, in the 1880s or the 90s, he thought, not really caring.
Sex had quickly become boring for him. He’d never felt challenged by a woman or cared enough to give chase when one of them played hard to get. Sex was supposed to be an escape, a way to burn energy and forget the bullshit for a while, but not for him. 
Never for him.
No matter how many women he’d taken to bed, no matter how many times, he could never manage to escape his nightmares long enough for him to forget who and what he was. It also didn’t help that he’d never felt close enough to a woman to let his guard down, because that woman didn’t exist.
“Come on, Madison! You’re a teacher so you should know what a slut is,” the little boy demanded. 
He really just couldn’t help himself. He had to answer. “I believe that’s a name given to a woman who really enjoys the company of men,” he drawled with an amused smile that quickly disappeared when the sultry tone of the little girl’s voice caught his attention and turned his stomach.
“Oh, my,” the little girl dressed like a whore murmured seductively as she licked her thin, ruby red lips invitingly, letting him know that he was going to have to lock his bedroom door at night. This was all he needed, he thought dryly.
“What? Ow!” 
The scent of fresh virgin blood hit him hard. He’d just barely stopped himself from stumbling back as hunger like nothing he’d ever known before ripped through him, demanding a taste of everything that mouthwatering scent promised. He shouldn’t be hungry, not after devouring two bags of blood on the way home. He’d never reacted to the scent of blood like this before. 
He’d never felt this intense hunger before, not even during those twenty years he’d spent starving in Nichols’ dungeon. His hands clenched tightly into fists as he fought the urge to give into the monster that demanded a taste of that blood and risk losing control in front of these two children. 
Get it fucking under control! 
His fangs ripped down through his gums before he could stop them and God how he’d tried to fucking stop them. He’d learned long ago how to control his eyes and fangs, but right now he was losing the battle. He needed to get away from this woman before he did something that he would regret later.
He needed to fucking go now!
He stepped back the same time as the young woman that he was seconds away from attacking, moved out from behind the front of the car. She shot the little girl a frown before she shifted her gaze from the little girl to him while she pressed a dirty rag against her bleeding wrist before looking back at the little girl with a glare that he couldn’t quite place.
She rolled her eyes in the direction of the little girl. “Jill, go on inside and help Grandma with dinner, please.”
“But-”
“Go,” Madison said firmly with a hard edge lacing her tone that let everyone in their small group know that if she didn’t move her bony ass and now, that things would quickly turn violent. Obviously picking up on how close she was to certain death, the little girl shot Madison an icy glare, an over-the-top roll of her eyes and muttered something unintelligible as she stormed off in the direction of the house.
Unable to help himself, Ephraim studied Madison even though he knew that he should be putting as much space between them as humanly possible before he did something that was going to ruin everything, but even knowing that wasn’t enough to make him move his ass and do the right thing. He couldn’t figure out her age, but he was pretty sure that she wasn’t a child. 
On her head, she wore an old, worn baseball cap backwards. Her face was smeared with grease, dirt and oil. He couldn’t really make out any of her features thanks to the hat and the variety of crap covering her face. The only thing that he could make out on her face was her eyes. They were brown, but not like any brown that he’d ever seen before. They shimmered in the sun and Christ, were they absolutely stunning.
It took everything that he had, but he somehow found the willpower to look away from those captivating eyes and moved his gaze down her body. She was figureless. She was probably also flat chested and by the looks of it, fat. Her baggy sweatpants and sweatshirt only confirmed his opinion. In his experience, women only wore oversized, baggy clothing to cover extra weight that they didn’t want anyone to see. The only attractive thing about this woman was her eyes and if he didn’t get out of here soon, he would find out if the taste of her blood was just as appealing as those beautiful eyes of hers.
“Are you a policeman?” the curious little boy asked, momentarily distracting him from the most delectable scent that he’d ever encountered.
“Joshua, you’re being rude,” the plain woman with the most amazing brown eyes that he’d ever seen, chastised the young boy. She shifted her attention to Ephraim and gave him a warm, welcoming smile. “I’m very sorry about this,” she said with what she probably thought was an adorable frown as she gestured towards the little boy, “This is Joshua and I’m Madison.”
He nodded absently, trying to ignore the way that his fangs throbbed, desperate for a taste of the plain woman that shouldn’t have earned a second look. “We just arrived today,” she explained, looking a little uncomfortable when he didn’t respond.
 “Well, who are you?” Joshua demanded with a curious frown. 
In answer, Ephraim turned around and walked away, knowing that in a few minutes he would lose control if he didn’t.
“What’s your name?” Joshua yelled after him.
“Ephraim,” he bit out without looking back. 
Somehow he made his way to the backstairs without giving in to the fucking need to tear her throat apart and take what he wanted. He couldn’t do it, but God did he want to fucking devour every single drop of her blood. As soon as he was in his room, he kicked the door shut behind him. It wasn’t until he dropped the small plastic bag on his desk that he remembered that he had a new neighbor. 
“Oh, fuck no,” he groaned, shoving his fingers through his short hair as the reality of the situation slammed into him.
 Madison, the plain woman with the most enticing blood that he’d ever encountered would be close by to tempt him day and night. He rubbed his hands roughly down his face. He could do this. He could live here with this woman and not fuck up. They only shared a bathroom after all. She would probably keep both doors locked. Any young woman with common sense living in a boarding house would keep her door locked every fucking minute of the day. Not that a locked door would be able to keep him out. He could push the door down with his pinky finger if he really wanted to get to her, but a locked door would serve as a reminder that she was off limits. 
He didn’t want to have to leave and start over somewhere new for the hundredth time in his life. He actually liked it here, which was more than he could say about most of the places that he’d lived. He had a good job and no one bothered him here. He liked living in the boarding house. He liked the idea of being alone, but not alone. Thanks to spending too many damn years in that cell he couldn’t stomach the idea of being completely alone.
If he fucked this up then he would have to leave and start over somewhere new. He’d been on the run for too many fucking years and didn’t feel like starting over again this soon. Not now when he’d finally found a safe place where he could pretend that he was a normal fucking guy that hated the world. 
No, he would man the fuck up and wait it out. According to Mrs. Buckman, Madison was starting a new job. Hopefully, she would save her money and move out as soon as she got the chance. He just had to wait. He shook his head in disgust, trying to clear his thoughts as he grabbed the bag of air-fresheners and headed for the bathroom. He opened the bathroom door and froze. 
What the hell happened to his bathroom? 
Had Mrs. Buckman remodeled the bathroom for her granddaughter? 
He closed his eyes and scented the room. No one had remodeled, but someone had spent a good part of the day cleaning it. He caught the scent of cleaning chemicals as well as the scent of synthetic lemons and the lingering scent of his new neighbor. 
Everything, including the floor fucking shined as though every inch of the room had been polished. All the air-fresheners that he’d hung up to keep the bathroom smelling fresh, the pile of old towels that he’d been meaning to throw away, the garbage he’d been meaning to pick up, and that disgusting odor that had permeated the air were all gone. Now the bathroom that he’d feared would one-day come to life and attack him was cleaned, organized and a hell of a lot less frightening. The shelves were filled with large fluffy towels. The shower was spotless. His shampoo and soap as well as her bathing products were neatly organized along the side of the tub. Wondering why any woman would need so much fucking shampoo, he turned his attention to the medicine cabinet. 
She’d taken it upon herself to designate sides, which made sense he had to admit. His side of the medicine cabinet held his razor, shaving gel and cologne. That little collection took up less than half a shelf, leaving the other two shelves empty. Curious, he opened what was apparently her side of the medicine cabinet to see what she had. It was well stocked with various facial cleaners, soaps, lotions, over-the-counter medicines, tweezers, ear swabs, nail polish remover and a pink razor.
 Pink? 
Why the fuck was the razor pink? he couldn’t help but wonder. The other stuff that she had shoved in there were just as confusing, making him wonder what she needed all that shit for. He closed the cabinet door and opened the first drawer beneath the sink. It held extra rolls of toilet paper. Okay, he understood that was something that she would need. That was reasonable, he supposed as he closed the drawer and opened the one beneath it and forgot how to breathe.
“Oh, fuck me…” he muttered weakly as his hands shook while he reached down and picked up the pink box labeled menstrual pads. “Fuck.” 
He should have anticipated something like this when Mrs. Buckman told him that a young woman was moving into the room next to his. He’d completely forgotten about this problem. He stood up as he studied the box. It was a mixed box, whatever that meant. He studied the box only to discover that it was filled with super and regular pads. He had no clue what that meant, but he knew that it couldn’t be good where he was concerned. 
He closed his eyes as he prayed for control. The woman whose blood enticed him like fucking crack cocaine and occupied the room next to his would be bleeding once a month and discarding blood soaked cotton in the bathroom trashcan less than ten feet from his room. This was pure fucking hell. It was going to take every ounce of his control not to suck on those discarded pads and even to him that sounded fucking disgusting. 
“Fuck,” he snarled, because there was really nothing else to say. 
He dropped the box of pads back in the drawer and kicked it shut. He braced his hands on the counter as he looked in the mirror. His eyes were bright red, letting him know just how fucking close he was to losing control. His fangs were lowered and he was actually drooling like a rabid fucking animal. Great. His only hope was to stay the hell away from her and pray that she moved out before she needed to crack open one of those boxes.
Chapter 3
Madison was ripped from a wonderful dream where everything was warm and her sister was on the verge of becoming a high-priced call girl by really loud, horrible rap music, ensuring that she was going to have to destroy the source with as much violence as she could manage in the middle of the night.
 “What the hell?” she grumbled sleepily around a yawn, forcing her eyes to open and focus on the alarm clock by her bed. It was barely three in the morning. Who in their right mind was playing rap music at three o’clock in the morning? she couldn’t help but wonder as she shoved the pile of blankets that she’d cocooned herself in aside.
She pulled the knitted cap that she’d gone to bed wearing down more snuggly over her head as she climbed out of bed only to immediately freeze her ass off. Her baggy sweatshirt and the tee shirt that she was wearing beneath it clearly weren’t going to be enough to save her from developing hypothermia. The oversized sweatpants might as well have been made of tissue paper for all the warmth it provided her. The only thing that seemed to be working were the thick thermal socks that she wore over a pair of old gym socks, but even that wasn’t enough to combat the crisp cold air threatening to send her diving back under her covers.
 Shivering uncontrollably, she wrapped her arms around herself and looked around, realizing with horror that the rap music was coming from somewhere in her room, but where? Every second, the music seemed to get louder and more annoying. Desperate to make it stop, she stumbled over boxes and trash bags as she tried to find the source of that god-awful noise threatening to wake the dead. 
“Ouch!” she gasped as she banged her knee into a particularly heavy box that didn’t appreciate being disturbed this late at night right around the time the bathroom door flew open with a loud whack, bouncing off the wall twice before coming to a stop with one last bang. 
Madison was so surprised by the sudden intrusion that she ended up tripping over one of the trash bags and promptly fell over a large box, landing on the floor with a pained grunt. When she heard the growl that she actually found pretty disturbing, she quickly scrambled to her feet just as the bedroom light was turned on, momentarily blinding her and making her stumble again as her eyes tried to adjust to the suddenly bright light.
There, standing in the doorway of the bathroom, was her new, seriously pissed off, neighbor. His eyes narrowed dangerously on her face before moving down over her body before he glanced away. He seemed pleased by something as he walked into her room, wearing nothing but a pair of boxer briefs and a murderous glare. He walked in her room like he owned the place as she stood there, most likely gaping like an idiot. Before she could say anything, the music stopped just as suddenly as it had started, giving her the distraction that she desperately needed.
“Good,” she sighed, sagging with relief when the hideous music finally stopped. “I’m sorry if that woke you. I have no idea what that was,” she explained nervously, the words rushing out of her mouth as she tried to find a way to apologize for interrupting this large, and obviously angry, man’s night. 
He intimidated her, but that wasn’t really surprising since he was tall, had an incredible body, and was incredibly handsome. She’d never dealt well with handsome men before. She’d always preferred guys that she didn’t find attractive. It sounded foolish, but they always made her feel safe.
 At least that’s what she always told herself. 
None of the men that she’d dated had ever left her breathless or on the verge of saying the hell with everything to be with them. A man like this could easily destroy every last ounce of self-control that she had and she knew it. It also didn’t hurt that there was something in the way that he looked at her that told her everything that she needed to know.
He was dangerous.
She didn’t care if he was a cop. He was an extremely dangerous man. She could feel it. Everything in her body screamed for her to be careful around him and that sounded like damn good advice to her at the moment so she was going to go with it. Sighing heavily, another thought occurred to her. Candy was definitely going to set her sights on him since she loved dangerous men, especially if they were mean and apparently so did her sister. 
Earlier this evening, Madison had walked in on her sister and mother talking about what kind of birth control she should use if she managed to land the hot Detective. Apparently, her baby sister didn’t like the feel of condoms. 
Somehow in the last two weeks when she’d made the mistake of taking her eyes off Jill, she’d managed to lose her virginity after all. Best of all, her mother had known all about it. When Candy had spotted Madison standing in that doorway, looking stunned and sick to her stomach, Candy had smiled sweetly up at her and shot her a wink. It was then that she’d realized that this was all just a game to Candy.
 At that moment, Madison had been too upset to talk to Jill without reverting to screaming and probably a little bitch slapping. So, she’d forced herself to walk away from Jill’s room and somehow managed to make it back to her room where she’d ended up crying for a good half hour before she’d forced herself to stop. 
She refused to let Candy or even Jill destroy everything. She still had a little brother to take care of and if things kept going the way that they were with Jill, then she was definitely going to need to stick to her plan. She had a new job starting tomorrow and she needed to be ready if she was going to make this work. 
Using the textbook and the notes from the teacher who’d taught the class last year that the school had sent over earlier, she’d spent most of the night starting a lesson plan to cover the rest of the year. Finally, around midnight she’d finished her lesson plans for the next two months. 
After going over next week’s lectures, she took a shower, a long hot shower, because frankly, she’d earned one. The entire time she’d heard Ephraim pace his room, grumbling, growling, using an interesting mixture of rather angry words to make her aware of just how unhappy he was about waiting for the shower and making her rethink taking the room next to Candy’s. 
*-*-*-*
Just when he was about to make his escape that horrible rap song started playing again. Ephraim shot her another glare. She looked even more unattractive with that ridiculous knitted cap pulled all the way down to her eyebrows and around her ears. Her skin was tan, clean and temporarily marred by hundreds of tiny goose bumps, but that’s all he could make out. Her scent on the other hand, that hit him fucking harder than a freight train, making it difficult to focus. 
He needed to shut that fucking annoying music off and get the hell out of her room before he decided to find out just how good she tasted and he needed to do it now.
 Right now, before it was too late and in another minute or two, it would be.
He focused on the obnoxious noise that grated on his nerves and ignored her overwhelming scent. It didn’t take him long to figure out where that the damn music was coming from. His glare shifted to a box buried in the back of the room. Determined to shut it off before it drove him out of his fucking mind, he found himself moving towards the source, throwing boxes and bags roughly out of his way, desperate to destroy it and free himself from this bullshit situation.
“Hey!” she gasped in clear outrage, which he really couldn’t blame her for, but that didn’t mean that he gave a flying fuck.
He ignored her and kept searching. It took him a few seconds, but he finally found the source of all this bullshit, a box with a large pink heart drawn crudely on the top. He ripped the box open and found the offending object on top, a cell phone. 
“A ‘Carl’ is calling for you,” he drawled, sounding bored even though for whatever reason the idea of another man calling her had his blood boiling, which of course meant that he was clearly out of his fucking mind.
For the moment, she seemed to have forgotten that she was mad at him for throwing her shit around as she looked at the phone with a curious little frown tipping her lips as she mumbled, “This isn’t my phone,” as though he really fucking cared.
“Don’t care. Tell Carl to fuck off or I will,” he snapped, not really giving a fuck that he was crossing a line here. 
 “He’s a friend of Candy’s,” she whispered to herself, looking seriously confused as she took the phone from him. 
*-*-*-*
Friend was putting it mildly. Carl was one of the guys that her mother had managed to screw in the short two weeks since she came home. He was back in New Mexico and it was one in the morning there. More importantly, this was Jill’s phone and Carl was a thirty-five-year-old man, who clearly had no business calling her little sister.
When Madison opened the phone her finger accidentally hit the speaker button. “About time you answered, baby,” Carl said in greeting with a deep bad boy chuckle that normally would have had her rolling her eyes, but since this was her fifteen-year-old sister’s phone…
 “Carl?” Madison answered, unable to hide her confusion because there was honestly no way that Carl should have this phone number, never mind be calling it. “Why exactly are you calling this phone?” she simply had to ask, because it couldn’t be for the reason that she-
“Stop fucking around, baby. I’m horny. Come on over, I could go for one of your special blowjobs,” he said, destroying her last hope that she could save Jill before it was too late.
*-*-*-*
Every muscle in Ephraim’s body froze. This woman was a virgin. He was absolutely sure of it. As he stood there, glaring at the phone in her hand, some other unknown emotion ripped through him. He wanted to reach through that phone and rip this guy’s head off and that frightened him.
Madison’s jaw clenched as a red blush crawled up her neck and painted her cheeks a vibrant scarlet red. Was she embarrassed? he wondered as he pretended that he didn’t want to kill the son of a bitch calling her.
“Carl, why are you calling this phone?” she asked, taking a slow, deep breath as she waited for his answer.
“Jill baby, don’t fuck around. I’m coming to pick you up. Sneak out the bathroom window and meet me by the tree on the corner, same spot as last week.”
Madison took another deep breath before she spoke. “Carl, listen to me very carefully and don’t hang up before I’m done or I will have the police at your door in less than fifteen minutes.”
“Oh shit…,” was the weak response, followed by, “Madison?”
“Yes, it’s Madison, Jill’s older sister. You remember Jill, don’t you, Carl? Of course, you remember my fifteen-year-old pain in the ass sister, you sick fuck. She’s fifteen-years-old! Do you have any idea what that makes you?” she snapped, sounding angrier by the second, not that he could blame her.
“I…I…” Carl stuttered, sounding close to crying and making Ephraim shake his head in disgust. Child molesters were usually sick fucking cowards, who couldn’t handle dealing with an adult.
“You’re a fucking child molester,” she snapped coldly, letting Ephraim know that if the sick fuck had been here that she would probably be killing him with her bare hands right now.
“Hey, whoa! She came on to me! It wasn’t my idea anyway! Your mother asked me to do her a favor. She told me that Jill was eighteen. I swear to God that I wouldn’t have touched her if I had known. I swear to God, Madison! I am so sorry…I…oh my God, she’s a kid…” Carl rushed to explain even as he struggled not to gag. “I’m going to be sick,” he needlessly announced as the sounds of vomiting soon accompanied the sounds of gagging.
Having had enough, Ephraim snatched the phone from her and decided to put an end to this bullshit. “Carl, you knew that she was a fucking kid,” he said, because there was no way in hell that anyone could mistake that kid for a grown woman.
“I…they said she just looked young! I asked how old she was! I swear to God that I did! They showed me an ID to prove that she was eighteen. I’m telling the truth! You’ve got to believe me! Please! The ID was in a pink wallet!” 
Upon hearing that bit of news, Madison shoved Ephraim aside none-too-gently, reached over and grabbed the box that he’d found the phone in. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, fighting for control. This woman, a tomboy from the looks of things, was going to be the death of him. 
If he didn’t leave this room soon he was going to drain her and he hadn’t drained anyone in nearly fifty years. Now he only took what he needed to survive and there was no way in hell that he would be able to do that with her. The smell of her blood was too fucking powerful. 
“Got it!” Madison said triumphantly as she held up a woman’s pink wallet. She stumbled over a box while she rushed back to the bed. She tore open the wallet, found a school ID and the fake driver’s license hidden behind it. 
“That bitch,” she growled viciously.
“Let me see that,” Ephraim bit out through clenched teeth. His fangs had already slid down, aching and desperate for a taste. He’d already forced them back with a swipe of his tongue once, but the longer that he stayed here, the less likely that he was going to be able to stay in control.
“Here,” she absently said, handing him the fake ID without even looking his way, completely oblivious to how close she was to getting her throat ripped out.
“Well?” Carl asked nervously, sounding close to crying.
“It’s fake, Carl,” Ephraim said with a snort of disgust and a shake of his head, because this was probably the worst fake ID that he’d ever seen.
“Shit,” Carl whimpered around a sob. “But see, I didn’t know that! I really thought she was an adult! Madison, I’m so sorry!” the piece of shit lied.
“Don’t call my sister again, Carl,” Madison bit out, looking absolutely furious even though she looked like she was seconds away from crying. It fucking tore at him and he had no idea why.
“I won’t go anywhere near her, I swear! Just tell her to stay away from me,” Carl said, openly crying like the fucking douchebag that he was and making Ephraim wish that the asshole was down the street so that he could go handle this situation before the piece of shit touched another child.
“I don’t think that will be a problem, Carl,” she said with a weary sigh as she ended the call with a swipe of her trembling finger.
Ephraim tossed the fake ID on the bed. “Looks like you need to have a talk about the birds and the bees with your little sister,” he said a little harsher than he’d intended, but it couldn’t be helped. He needed to get the hell out of there. 
Now.
Cold glimmering brown eyes narrowed on him. She nodded firmly as she spoke evenly, taking him by surprise, because he’d expected her to fall apart. “I’m sorry that this woke you up. I’ll do my best to make sure that it doesn’t happen again in the future. Now if you’ll excuse me, I believe that I have something that needs my attention.” 
As far as dismissals went, this was a good one. It had the opposite effect on him of course. He hated being told what to do, which of course was ironic given the professions that he’d chosen over the years. 
Unfortunately for him, his fangs were throbbing and if he didn’t leave soon he was afraid that he would give himself away and if that happened his reason for not attacking her would vanish into thin air. So, with a tight nod, he turned around and left, closing the door firmly behind him. Let the tomboy handle it, he told himself. He didn’t need the drama and more importantly, he didn’t want to deal with a fifteen-year-old who couldn’t keep her legs together.
*-*-*-*
Madison traced the crudely drawn pink heart with her finger. This was definitely Jill’s box. She must have grabbed it by accident when she was unloading the U-Haul trailer, she realized, dreading what else she was going to find when she took a closer look at the contents in the box. After taking a steadying breath that really didn’t do anything to help prepare her for what she was about to see, she dumped the box onto her bed. 
“Oh, my God,” she whispered as she placed her hand over her mouth and shook her head in denial even as her eyes teared up. How could someone that she’d known all her life change so much in only two weeks? she wondered before a thought occurred to her. 
Had Jill really changed or had Madison missed all the signs before now? She pushed the condoms, cigarettes and nips of alcohol that had been hidden in the box aside and sat down on the edge of the bed. She went over everything in her head, looking for something, anything, that she might have missed over the years and realized that there could have been so many signs and she never would have noticed. 
Madison had always been busy with something. She was always working, studying, cleaning, cooking, looking after the children, taking any odd job that she could get her hands on to make some extra money to pay the rent and keep her siblings fed. Jill for the most part had been busy with school, helping with Joshua, taking small jobs to earn some money to help and picking up where Madison left off, but there was nothing that stood out in her mind.
It would have been so easy for her to miss something and she had no one to blame but herself. If Jill had really been the responsible, level headed kid she’d always thought she was then two weeks with Candy shouldn’t have been enough to change her. No, somewhere along the line Madison had failed. She’d obviously missed something. It had only taken Candy’s return for Jill to feel free to be herself. 
“Shit,” Madison mumbled, hating herself for not being able to be there for Jill, but between school, work, and doing her best to keep them all together, her time had been limited to the basics like making sure that the kids had food, shelter and clothing.
She should have been there for them, should have made more time for them.
She picked up the packs of condoms and felt her stomach drop. Part of her wanted to throw them away with the hopes that if Jill didn’t have them then she wouldn’t have sex, which was pretty stupid since she already knew that Jill was already looking for an excuse not to use them. 
Then again, if she threw them away then they’d have to deal with bigger problems than just her fifteen-year-old sister having unprotected sex. She could end up with an STD or like their mother. Jill was too young to have a baby and with the way that she was behaving, Madison was terrified that Jill would end up making the same mistakes that Candy had made and another innocent child would end up suffering.
Shaking her head in disgust, Madison threw the condoms, clothes and phone back in Jill’s box and closed it. As much as it tore at her to give those things back to Jill, she didn’t feel as though she really had a choice. The alcohol and cigarettes on the other hand were a different story entirely.
She gathered the nips of alcohol and the cigarettes and carried them into the bathroom. One by one, she poured the bottles down the sink and then flushed the crushed cigarettes down the toilet. She was going to have to keep a better eye on her little sister. She was also going to have to make sure that Jill didn’t get a chance to refresh her stash. One thing was painfully clear from all of this.
Candy had to go before it was too late.
Chapter 4
“I’m sorry, but the engine is shot to hell, Miss,” Earl, the mechanic of Earl’s Garage, announced with a heavy sigh as he wiped his dirty face with the greasy rag that he’d used to wipe oil off his hands. 
“Damn it,” Madison groaned, pushing her long black hair that everyone said looked like silk back over her shoulder. Up until this point she hadn’t been sure if she was having a good day or a bad day. Ten minutes ago, she would have said that it was fifty-fifty. Now it was more than obvious that she was having a pretty bad day.
Her day had started off fine, maybe not perfect, but it had started off better than she’d expected. Her most professional looking as well as her favorite lavender blouse had somehow survived the trip mostly wrinkle free. There had even been enough hot water left after her neighbor finally finished taking his hour-long shower so that she could take a decent shower this morning. She’d spent the entire time waiting for him, cursing and hoping that he would hurry up so that she wouldn’t end up being late for her first day of work. Just when she’d been resigned to washing up with the wet naps in her purse, he’d ended the shower and given her hope that her day wouldn’t suck after all.
Even Jill had dressed appropriately, but only after Grandma had a few, very loud words with her. Joshua had been happy and Madison had been able to eat breakfast despite the fact that she was a nervous wreck. Her car had even started on the first try for the first time in five years. 
After that things became a little iffy…
Her new job was in a very nice school, which was a definite plus. The building was new, which of course meant a new heating system and the fact that she wouldn’t have to worry about developing frostbite during work, which was a definite plus. She had an excellent parking spot. The head of her department was an old woman who never stopped smiling and her classroom was well ventilated so she didn’t have to worry about suffocating on the fumes of cheap perfume and cologne that the student body liked to douse themselves in. Her desk was made of real oak, she had a new computer, and her own printer. Basically, she loved everything about her new classroom. Her students were a different story altogether.
The boys had stared at her ass, legs and breasts every chance they got. Every time she had to speak with one of the boys, she was forced to clear her throat to get their attention back to where it should be, on her face and not on her breasts. She really couldn’t understand the obsession with her boobs and legs. Her skirt wasn’t exactly short and her blouse only hinted at a bit of cleavage.
Actually, compared to the way that most of the female students at this school dressed, she was dressed like a nun. Most of the girls at the school reminded her of those half naked groupies that starred in music videos and Girl’s Gone Wild videos. They wore bras that were too small, stuffed and shoved their breasts as high their expensive push up bras would let them. They also wore low cut jeans so that their thongs and a part of their asses could be seen anytime that they sat down, leaned forward, or so much as breathed, causing Madison to roll her eyes in exasperation for most of the day.
The girls in her class, the ones who’d dressed to impress the male population, had made it a point to let her know that they didn’t appreciate her presence one bit. They’d snickered and whispered whenever they caught one of the boys devouring Madison with their eyes. She’d tried to redirect them, get them involved in the lecture, but in the end they’d simply pissed her off to the point that she’d ended up assigning a paper just so she could get control of the class. Now she was feared, which was always a good thing as far as she was concerned.
Unfortunately, the students hadn’t been the only ones with wandering eyes. The teachers’ lounge had ended up being a nightmare compared to her classroom. The men smiled when they spoke to her and asked thoughtful questions, but their eyes remained firmly locked on her breasts. No matter what she said or did, she couldn’t seem to get their attention off her breasts so halfway through her lunch break she’d excused herself and returned to her room so that she could eat in peace.
What was wrong with the men around here? 
Seriously, she’d never had this problem before. Since she’d spent most of her time since she was a kid on the reservation, she’d grown up around men and they’d never looked at her like she was something to be devoured. The reservation had been her safe haven since she was ten-years-old and realized that her mother hadn’t been kidding when she told her that she couldn’t stand her. 
Everyone at the reservation had known her since she was a kid and had treated her like family. It’s not like she hadn’t had the occasional admirer from the reservation. She’d dated several men from the tribe, but the relationships never went anywhere and they’d never made her felt like they were mentally undressing her with their eyes. Even if they had admired her body, they were more respectful about it. They had been her friends as well as her family and she missed them more than she thought she would. They’d taught her everything about life, her culture and that she made her realize that she didn’t have to end up like her mother. 
She had a choice. 
The men around here were different, because they didn’t really seem to care if she caught them staring at her breasts. Back home if she’d caught a man checking out her breasts, he usually had the good sense to look guilty and mutter an apology, but not here. Oh no, here it seemed acceptable to treat her like eye candy. Most of the men started with her face and she could see the appreciation in their eyes as they traveled down her body, taking in every curve, but for the most part their eyes locked on her breasts and stayed there. 
Finally, after some inner turmoil where she’d seriously considered quitting, packing all her crap back in trash bags and driving back to New Mexico, she’d resigned herself to staying here for her brother and sister. After a few weeks, they would get used to having her around and move on. She just had to hang in there until then. At least there had been one man who hadn’t eyed her like she was the next best thing to have a Playboy. Nick was in her department, quiet, kind and it didn’t hurt that he was gay. 
After she resigned herself to being gawked at by the male population, the rest of the day had quickly gone to hell. Jill, who’d apparently decided that she was going to make a splash on her first day, had changed her clothes sometime between breakfast and first bell. She’d overstuffed her bra and switched her granny panties for a thong. She’d made sure that her clothes were too tight and she’d applied way too much make-up. She’d flirted with every boy in class, every single boy in Madison’s class. 
It was honestly like watching a horror flick. She wanted to look away, but she was helpless to do anything but sit there and watch in horror as Jill flaunted her flat chest towards every boy in class and when that didn’t attract their attention, she tried to flirt outrageously just like Candy and had failed horribly. That had been enough to shake Madison out of her horror induced paralysis and do what needed to be done.  She gave Jill detention for a week simply because it had made her smile. Jill, of course, had glared at her for the remainder of class, but didn’t say another word, because she knew better.
After work, Madison decided to run home and change before going out to look for a new car. Halfway home, her car engine started to sputter and emit an odd grinding noise accompanied by thick black smoke. It seemed like she was getting a break when her car died in front of Earl’s Garage. But no, there would be no breaks for her today.
“So, there’s no hope?” she asked, already knowing the answer, but she had to ask just in case there was a chance.
Earl continued to chew on the tip of the toothpick hanging from his mouth as he shook his head with a heavy sigh. “No, I’m actually surprised it lasted this long.”
 “Me, too,” she mumbled in agreement, because honestly, she’d expected her car to have died last year when part of the engine had rotted away and she’d used duct tape to put it back together.
Earl walked around the car, muttering to himself about parts and scraps. 
“Earl?” she said, deciding that someone should benefit from her car’s untimely death.
“Yeah?” Earl said absently as he tilted his head and took in the rear bumper covered in rust.
“Do you want the car? You could probably sell it for parts.”
He nodded slowly as he considered her. “How much do you want for it?”
She shook her head with a sorrowful sigh, because she doubted that she’d get five dollars for the car. At least, not without some serious haggling and she just didn’t have the energy for it today. “Just take it. It’s yours.”
“You sure?”
“Yes,” she said, sighing heavily, because she really didn’t feel like standing around here all day. It was just too damn depressing.
“Okay,” he readily agreed, giving her a tobacco stained grin.
Madison grabbed a few meager items from the car and stuffed them in her backpack. After signing over the title and saying a final goodbye to her car, she decided that a long walk was in order. She just needed to clear her head and figure out what she was going to do next.
Having absolutely no idea what else to do, she took her heels off and walked along the road. It didn’t matter that it was cold out. The only things that mattered were the sound of the birds singing, the feel of cold, crisp grass beneath her feet and the fresh air in her lungs. She’d always loved to walk. Back home, she’d spent hours walking to school, work, anywhere just so she could clear her head, something that she desperately needed on a day like this. 

Chapter 5
“That’s enough of that,” Ephraim said with a disgusted shake of his head as he turned the radio off, leaving the purr of the engine to fill the silence. 
Silence was golden. Christ, he missed the days of true silence when birds chirping, children’s laughter and the sounds of horses pulling carriages filled the air. That was the reason he’d decided to accept this position and move to New Hampshire three years ago. He’d grown tired of living in the city. He’d wanted to spend his days in relative peace so he’d decided that it was time to transfer. He was on duty five days a week with two days off instead of on for six and on-call every night. This was the perfect setup for him. 
At least for right now, but who knows? Maybe in a few years he’d get sick of life in the slow lane and head back to the city and the chaotic lifestyle that he’d grown accustomed to over the past century. Until then, he would enjoy the perks of living in the middle of nowhere.
This weekend would be perfect for fishing, he thought with a smirk, the closest thing to a smile that he could manage. He’d rent his usual cabin on the lake and relax without having to worry about some tomboy tempting him into destroying his life. What was it about her blood? he couldn’t help but wonder. 
Was it because she was a virgin? He didn’t think so. The virgins he used to drink from hadn’t left him feeling like he was going to lose control if he didn’t drain them dry. There was just something off about her and figuring out what that was just wasn’t an option. 
She was too fucking tempting. She was plain as far as he could tell, but that was just the outside package. What flowed beneath was driving him out of his fucking mind. All night he’d tossed and turned, struggling with the urge to go back to her room and have a taste. When he hadn’t been able to take it any longer, he’d kicked off the covers and prowled his room only to end up taking a long, cold shower to clear his fucking head of her scent. 
Now he just had to go home and find a way to avoid her. It shouldn’t be difficult. He never ventured into the main part of the house unless Mrs. Buckman needed him. Tonight, he would ignore the outside world, relax in his room and file his reports on his computer. When that was done, he would get some sleep. At least, that was the plan until his eyes narrowed on something two miles down the road, something that grabbed his attention and held it.
A woman. 
There was absolutely no doubt about it. His eyesight was perfect, which was a good thing in this case. This woman was perfection, absolutely fucking perfect, he decided with his first real smile in years.
“Holy shit,” he mumbled softly as he slowed down so that he could take his time appreciating the incredible sight before him. 
Her beautiful black hair shimmered in the sun. Generous hips swayed gently beneath a short skirt. Her ass was perfectly curved and her legs were made to wrap around a man and hold on tight while he fucked her. Her tan skin was obviously well loved by the sun. He was willing to bet everything that he had that the view from the front was even better. 
He shifted in his seat and couldn’t help but laugh. It looked as though his body was finally interested in something more than just blood. Perhaps this beautiful woman would be willing to help him end more than a hundred years of celibacy. He checked his breath to make sure that the scent of blood was gone and sped up, wondering if he should bring her back to his room or just find a hotel room somewhere. Then again, he wasn’t opposed to bending her over his hood and fucking her on the side of the road either.
Ephraim didn’t look at her until he drove past her. Once he was past her, he pulled over onto the shoulder twenty yards ahead of her and watched her approach. His cock hardened painfully against his zipper. Fucking hell, she was even more beautiful than he’d imagined. Her face was raised to the sun, her eyes were closed and she looked so goddamn beautiful that he nearly forgot how to breathe. 
Her black hair and tan complexion complemented each other perfectly. She was shorter than him, but that didn’t bother him in the least since it just meant that he could cover her body and fuck her in any position that he wanted. Her breasts were decent, not too big, but they were big enough to make him lick his lips. They looked like they would fill his hands perfectly. Her waist was narrow while her hips were wide, which drove him out of his fucking mind. He was imagining her legs straddling his head when she finally walked past his car. 
It had been a very long time since he’d romanced a woman, but he was sure that he remembered the basics. He doubted that things had changed that much over the years since the last time he’d crawled between a woman’s legs. He’d make eye contact, flirt, and make a suggestion that they kill a little time between the sheets. 
No wait, people went on dates now. 
Shit!
That was fine with him. He’d take her out to dinner, a movie and then he’d bend her over the hood of his car and fuck her. That was the new mating ritual. He’d buy her food and entertainment and then she would provide him with a little entertainment that would put a smile on his face. At least, that’s how they did it in the movies. First, he had to talk to her, he reminded himself as he stepped out of the car. 
“Excuse me, Miss?” he said, using his most charming smile and tone, the one that he’d perfected when he was a child and he needed one of the kitchen maids to sneak him an extra pudding after dinner.
The Goddess that took his breath away stopped walking and slowly turned around, prolonging the torture until beautiful brown eyes met his. They reminded him of someone, but he couldn’t think past how stunning she was to care. 
She’d actually left him speechless.
“Ephraim?” the Goddess said hesitantly, looking a little worried. “Are you okay?”
She knew who he was? That was impossible, because he would never forget meeting a woman like her. He considered asking her what her name was, but he remembered that women usually hated it you forgot their name or called them by the wrong name. 
“What are you doing out here walking by yourself?” he asked, hoping that something that she said would spark his memory and clue him into her identity.
 “My car finally died so I left it with Earl, but no worries, he promised to give it a proper burial,” she said, smiling and he couldn’t help but smile back.
 “Do you want a ride?” he asked, gesturing back to his car and deciding that this would buy him a little time and perhaps if he was lucky, a chance to slide his hand up one of those beautiful tanned legs and see she what she had hidden beneath that skirt.
She glanced up at the sun before looking back at him with the sweetest goddamn smile that he’d ever seen. “No, thank you. It’s only another mile. I’ll be fine,” she said, sounding like she was saying goodbye when that was the last thing that he wanted her to say.
A mile? 
Just like that she’d given him a clue that he couldn’t use. Fuck! He had no idea what she was talking about. He needed to keep her talking, to give him more time to figure out who this woman was, because right now he had no fucking clue who she was and that was fucking killing him. The only thing a mile down the road was Mrs. Buckman’s boarding house, a few single-family homes, and a convenience store. He already knew that she didn’t live near him, but maybe she was visiting one of the neighbors?
Ephraim gave her a lopsided smile that he hoped would charm her into giving him a little more information. “I would feel a hell of a lot better leaving you here if you promised to allow me to check on you later to make sure that you got home safely.”
She gave him a weird smile at the suggestion, which only confused him more. “Ummm, sure?” she said slowly, giving him a look that clearly said that she thought there just might be something wrong with him when he’d been fucking charming! 
At least, he’d thought he had been, he decided, biting back an annoyed sigh and wondering how he was fucking this up so badly.
Cocking his head to the side, he studied her, trying to figure out this mystery. There was something oddly familiar about her. Even fifteen feet away he felt like he was missing something important. Backing off before he seriously fucked this up and scared her off was probably for the best, but he decided to push for more answers, too intrigued to give up this quickly. 
“I’m afraid that I’ve forgotten where you live. Take pity on me and remind me so that I can do the gentlemanly thing later and check on you?” he said, making damn sure to use his most charming tone.
She laughed. 
At him! 
Christ, he knew that he was out of practice, but this was fucking ridiculous. Her beautiful brown eyes shimmered with humor as she chuckled once last time before ending on a wistful sigh. “I’ll see you later, Ephraim,” she said as she turned around and continued walking.
He was about shove his pride aside and ask her who she was when a gust of wind swept her beautiful black hair off her shoulders and carried her fragrance over to him. It hit him hard, causing him to stumble back until his ass hit the hood of his car. 
It couldn’t be. 
There was no fucking way this was happening. 
She looked over her shoulder and shot him another shy smile. Those damn brown eyes should have given her away the moment that he saw them, because he’d never in his entire life seen eyes like hers before. 
Madison. 
Smiling, she turned back around and continued walking towards the boarding house while he could only sit on the hood of his car and watch her go. 
He dropped his head in his hands and muttered pathetically, “This is not happening.” 
She was supposed to be a homely little tomboy to help keep them both safe. It was bad enough that he craved her blood, but now he wanted her body, too. This was not good. This had to be a test to see if he was strong enough to stay in control. It fucking had to be. 
No woman should be this fucking tempting, he told himself as he rubbed his hands roughly down his face even as he made sure that the action didn’t block his view of her. Wait a minute…
How the hell was she still a virgin? 
When he’d thought that she was a tomboy he’d understood her predicament, but now...
Seriously, how was she a fucking virgin? 
The fact that she’d never been touched by another man made the animal inside him purr with anticipation as his fangs throbbed and his cock hardened even more. The package was too damn tempting. A surprising beauty with blood that screamed for him with a body that pure? She might as well have placed a target sign on her neck and begged him to put her out of her fucking misery, because not going after her and ripping her throat out was going to be the hardest fucking thing that he ever did. 
He pushed away from the car. No, no this was fine. As long as they both remained at the boarding house she was safe. He had rules that he lived by and he never broke them, ever. The first rule that he came up with when he’d decided to live among humans had been quite simple; he never fed where he lived, because that would draw too much unwanted attention. He just had to get his body to remember that rule and he would be fine, because feeding from the virginal Madison was not an option. Not if he wanted to hide what he was. He’d lose control if ever got a taste of her blood and probably end up killing her. 
Then things would get interesting, real fucking fast.
Things were different now. Back in his day, he could feed off as many whores and criminals as he wanted without having to worry about being discovered. If he killed them it hadn’t been a big deal. No one had missed them and more importantly, no one had fucking cared. 
Occasionally he’d overfed in one area and had been forced to flee before he was discovered, but it had never really been a problem. Over the years, he’d learned to control his appetite by feeding from more than one source so that he didn’t have to worry about losing control. Now, if he fucked up and killed someone the authorities would be able to track him down and if they didn’t, the Sentinels sure as hell would.
Her death wouldn’t be seen as a Pyte losing control, but as a depraved lunatic’s attack and they would hunt him down using his fingerprints, DNA and anything else that they could find on him. The last thing that he wanted was to be forced to go into hiding, but that’s exactly what would happen if he so much as laid a fucking finger on her. 
She wasn’t worth that bullshit existence. So, for now, Madison was safe from him. 
Chapter 6
Ten minutes later, Madison was still smiling as she walked inside the front foyer of her grandmother’s house. Smiling like a fool and chuckling softly, she couldn’t deny that she’d found the little episode with Ephraim endearing. He’d been so cute as he’d tried to flirt with her and there was absolutely no doubt in her mind that he’d been hitting on her. She bit her lip trying to stop herself from smiling, because she shouldn’t find anything he did endearing. She didn’t have time for men in her life right now.
If only he hadn’t been so damn cute…
His attempts at flirting with her had been obvious, awkward, unpracticed and unbelievably adorable. There really was no other way to describe it. The big, brooding man had been…adorable. She worried her bottom lip as she recalled the expression on his face the last time she’d turned around and sighed. He’d looked completely stunned and more than a little lost and she wanted to know why. 
She replayed the conversation in her head, worried that she might have said something to upset him, but she couldn’t think of anything that she could have said or done to offend him. Maybe he’d just been surprised that she hadn’t played along and fallen at his feet like most women probably did? Whatever it was, she didn’t have time to play around.
Not today.
Madison spotted the reason why she didn’t have time for a life as she walked past the living room. Jill was sitting on the couch, painting her nails while she talked on her cellphone, acting like she didn’t have a care in the world. Madison took a fortifying breath and walked towards the girl that had finally gone too far. Unable to hide the menacing grin that was playing her lips as satisfaction surged through every fiber of her being, she walked towards her prey. Jill looked up and when she spotted Madison closing in on her, her eyebrows drew together in confusion and then panic.
As soon as Madison reached her sister, she plucked the phone out of Jill’s hands. “Whoever this is, I’m afraid that you’ll have to call back in a month, because Jill will be enjoying a month-long vacation in her room and I’m afraid her phone will be going bye-bye for a very long time,” she explained, watching as Jill’s mouth dropped open in shock.
Her shock didn’t last long. A split second later, Jill shot to her feet, holding her hand out in a silent demand for the return of her phone with that bitch look that she’d been working on for the past two weeks.
“Yeah, not happening,” Madison announced, dropping Jill’s phone in her backpack and closed it so that Jill couldn’t take it back. “When you earn this I will think about giving it back to you.” 
With that, Madison turned around and headed towards the stairs. “Oh, and by the way, you’re grounded for a month in case you didn’t catch that little tidbit of information.”
“What?” Jill shrieked. “I didn’t do anything!”
Madison didn’t bother looking over her shoulder as she announced, “Found your alcohol and cigarettes. Incidentally, be ready in an hour. We’re going to see about getting you tested for drugs,” she said as she looked over her shoulder and shot her seriously pissed off sister a wink. “Should be loads of fun.”
Jill’s face paled. “You c-can’t do that,” she muttered weakly.
“No, but I can,” Grandma’s stern voice came from the doorway. “You be prepared to go now, young lady. The two of us are taking you for a drug test and God help you if it comes back positive.”
Jill’s mouth opened, but she couldn’t manage to find the words to save herself. 
 “Let me go change first and I’ll be right back,” Madison said as she quickly jogged up the stairs, determined to get this over with as soon as possible.
Five minutes later, Madison was coming back downstairs in a pair of hip hugging jeans and a tight tee shirt. In this weather, she would have preferred wearing several extra layers and possibly a blanket or two, but she needed to be able to move freely for the fight that she knew was coming. 
She found Jill huddled in a corner, refusing to listen to Grandma and begging Candy, who looked nervous, to help her. This wasn’t the time for games. Terrified that Jill would somehow talk her way out of this, and there was no way in hell that she was getting out of this, Madison moved in, grabbed Jill by the arm and yanked her out of the corner.
Just as she’d expected, Jill refused to go without a fight. She yanked her arm back, trying to take Madison by surprise, but Madison saw it coming and tightened her grip. Keeping her hold on Jill’s arm as her sister struggled in vein to get free, Madison strode towards the front door. They were out the door and heading towards Grandma’s Volvo when Jill moved to her second assault, girl slaps. They were wild and weaker than a punch, but annoying as hell. 
“Let me go!” Jill screamed.
“No,” Madison snapped back, not even bothering to look at Jill as she focused on the car, determined to throw her sister in the backseat before Jill was able to move onto her next attack. Grandma apparently was on board with this plan and hurried past them to open the back door.
 Madison didn’t see Jill’s arm pull back and she sure as hell hadn’t expected the powerful half-slap/half-punch that slammed into the side of her mouth. She felt the bite of cheap metal cut through her lip seconds later. Damn Jill and her gaudy costume jewelry, she thought with a wince as she lost her grip on the little pain in the ass.
Jill stumbled away and as soon as she realized that she was free, she ran back towards the front door. 
“Oh, no you don’t,” Madison muttered angrily as she ran after Jill and tackled her to the ground. 
“Oh, my God! Are you insane? Get off me now, you crazy bitch!” Jill screamed with a grunt as they hit the ground.
Madison shoved Jill onto her stomach, straddled her hips and pulled her sister’s arm behind her back. 
“Ow! Ow! Stop! Please stop!” Jill screamed.
So of course, Madison twisted her arm harder, because she knew better than to stop now.
“Fine, I’ll go!” Jill finally snapped. Madison kept her sister’s arm right where it was. For some odd reason, she didn’t really trust her little sister at the moment.
“Ow! What the hell, Madison? Stop!” 
 “Madison, let her go!” Candy screamed as she ran out of the house and jumped between them and the car just as Madison was getting off her sister so that she could drag her towards the car.
“Get. Out. Of. My. Way,” Madison bit out each word, more than eager to slap her mother if that’s what it took to fix this horrible mess.
“But…” Candy said, licking her lips nervously as she looked from Madison to Jill. Whatever she saw on Jill’s face had her acting in self-preservation. She inhaled deeply and looked down her nose at Jill. “I told you not to bring drugs into the house again,” she said firmly.
Jill and Madison’s jaws dropped at the same time. 
“I’m sorry, Jill. Perhaps I didn’t do you any favors by letting it slide last time, but,” Candy paused, adding a haughty nod before she continued, “this is for the best, I think.” 
With that said, Candy strode back into the house, leaving everyone stunned. Not that anyone actually believed that Candy hadn’t given Jill drugs for even a second, but still…
Wow.
A sob broke free from Jill’s lips that had nothing to do with the firm hold that Madison had on her. “I-I did pot last week and I-I tried ecstasy a week ago as well,” Jill choked out. “I’m sorry. I…I didn’t think…I just wanted Candy to li-like m-me.” 
Madison released her hold on her sister’s arm. Sighing heavily, she pulled Jill into a sitting position and gave her a fierce hug. “Shh, it’s okay,” she said, looking heavenward as she bit her lip, determined not to let her sister see her cry.
She was going to slap Candy one of these days, Madison swore inwardly. She should have known that was the reason why Jill had been acting like this over the past week few weeks. Jill wanted her mother to like her.
Christ, she was really going to slap that bitch one day.
“I won’t do it again. You don’t have to worry,” Jill said bitterly as her lower lip trembled. 
Madison sighed heavily as she shook her head. 
It had finally happened. 
Jill had finally realized in that moment that their mother didn’t love them or even gave a damn about them. It had taken Jill fifteen years to finally accept it. Madison felt like someone stabbed her in the heart and twisted the knife. She’d always hoped that she could protect her sister from this type of pain. She couldn’t even begin to describe how much it hurt to know that your own mother hated you. 
She turned her head and looked at Joshua to find him watching them, looking bored. He’d always known how Candy felt about them. She shook her head once again, damning Candy to hell and back as she stood up, dragging her sister with her and gave Jill a nudge towards the car. 
“Wait! I told you what I did and that I won’t do it again,” Jill promised around a small sob that just broke her heart.
All those years that she’d tried to protect her sister for nothing.
“I know,” Madison said softly, trying to give her sister a reassuring smile and failing miserably. “But, I wouldn’t be doing my job if I took you at your word. I don’t want you to end up making mistakes that you can’t take back.”
Jill’s eyes watered at that. “Too late,” she mumbled. 
Tears streamed down her face as she walked to the car on her own and climbed into the backseat. Grandma closed the door and threw Madison a sympathetic look that said it all before she got in the car and drove off.
Somehow Madison managed a smile as she turned around to face her brother. “You feel like going car shopping with me?” she asked brightly, hoping that it would be enough to distract Joshua.
 “Heck yeah!” Joshua’s little face lit up only to frown a few seconds later, looking thoughtful. “Maybe you should wash your face first.”
“Why?” 
“You’re bleeding,” he said casually with a shrug.
She touched her bottom lip and winced. Damn that girl could apparently hit. “Give me ten minutes and then we’re off.” 
*-*-*-*
Ephraim walked into his room and froze. He inhaled deeply and then did it again, because he couldn’t believe what he smelled.
Madison’s blood. 
Unable to help himself, he closed his eyes and followed the scent into the bathroom. As soon as he entered the bathroom his eyes darted to her door, making sure that it was closed. He locked the door before looking for the source of the blood and after a moment, he found it. 
Bloody tissues. 
His hands shook as he leaned over and reached into the wastebasket. He grabbed all of them, afraid they would disappear if he didn’t. In less than a second, his eyes were closed and he was inhaling the mouthwatering scent. The scent of her blood was overwhelming and too goddamn strong. His fangs slid down, desperate for a taste before he could stop them. 
He licked his lips, imagining what it would be like to taste her blood. In a moment, he would know. The blood was still fresh. All he had to do was squeeze a drop from the discarded tissues and he would have a taste. He dropped his head back, opened his mouth and held the wad of tissues above his mouth. He opened his eyes, making sure that he didn’t miss a drop. He squeezed the tissues together and forced the blood to separate from the cotton, determined to get every drop. His licked his lips and prepared to catch the drop he saw forming. So close…so goddamn close…
That’s when he caught his reflection in the mirror and froze. His eyes were red, his fangs looked sharper than usual, his features were harsh and he’d never looked more like a monster in his entire life than he did at that moment. 
Slowly, he dropped his gaze, unable to look at himself like this. He threw the tissues in the toilet and flushed them down the drain before he could stop himself. He looked down at his hand and felt sick when the urge to lick the blood off his hand had him licking his lips. 
For years he’d hated himself, hated what he was and hated what he wasn’t, but nothing could compare to how much he hated himself right now. He was a fucking monster. A bloodthirsty monster that was preying on an innocent woman whose only crime was moving in to the room next to his. The desperate urge to lick his hand only grew stronger.
“No!” he growled, refusing to not give in, refusing to be the fucking monster that Nichols tried to turn him into. He leaned down, yanked opened the cabinet door, grabbed a large bottle of bleach, popped the cap off and held it over his hand.
Mind-numbing fucking pain shot up his arm as the skin covering his hand started to dissolve He ground his teeth as he poured the entire bottle of bleach over his hand. This would remind him that he was nothing more than a monster. He was nothing, just an unwanted accident and everyone would be better off if he remembered that.
*-*-*-*
Six Weeks Later…….
Ephraim took a deep breath as he bent over with a groan. “Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up,” he muttered to himself. 
He really needed to take a piss, but Madison was still in the shower. If she didn’t get out of there soon he was going to be forced to piss out the window. He’d just barely stopped himself from banging on the door to tell her to hurry the hell up. He’d been avoiding her for the past month to keep her safe. 
He was drinking two extra pints a day, hoping that it would be enough to get his mind off her. It wasn’t. Every time he caught her scent he thought he was going to lose his fucking mind. This was hell. This was worse than anything Nichols had ever put him through.
He groaned. He really was too fucking old to piss his pants, but that’s exactly what he was going to do if he didn’t get to a bathroom soon. That was it. He was going to break the door down. He raised his fist and froze when he heard someone knocking on the other door.
The water shut off as Madison said, “Yes?”
 “You told me to tell you when it was five!” Jill yelled.
Ephraim looked down at his watch. Well, her sister was a prompt little thing. It was five on the dot. “Oh, damn it. I’m coming!” 
He closed his eyes and listened to her every move. He listened as she wrapped a towel around herself, unlocked his door, scooped up her dirty clothes and went into her room, and finally closed the bathroom door behind her. 
“Shit!” 
He was really about to piss himself. He threw the door open, rushed inside the bathroom, locked her door on the way to the toilet since there really was no need for either woman to see him pissing blood. He flushed the toilet all while listening to what was going on in the next room and what he heard intrigued him. As he listened, he moved around and making noise since there was no need for them to think that he was a creep or anything. 
*-*-*-*
Madison listened as Ephraim moved around in the bathroom and sighed, thinking that he was probably getting ready for one of his extra-long showers. She hadn’t seen him since the day she’d walked home and beat some sense into her sister. It was almost as if he was avoiding her, which was strange. He’d seemed very friendly that day. Of course, she was being ridiculous. 
She put the blow dryer down and spritzed hair gel on her hair as she watched Jill lounge on her bed with a magazine. “I really like your outfit, Jill.”
Jill’s face lit up. “Really?” 
Jill wore a very cute, understated blouse and skirt. Her boyfriend of two weeks was coming over tonight. Seth was a straight “A” student and a down-to-earth guy and Jill was madly in love with the boy. When she’d dressed like a slut, Seth had avoided her so she’d tried another angle, being herself. 
Madison had made a bet with her. She’d challenged Jill to dress like she had before Candy had showed up and to forget everything Candy had taught her about men. Reluctantly, Jill tried it and three days later Seth showed up for dinner. He was a nice kid and Madison thought he was a god for getting her sister back on solid ground. A feat she’d thought would take a hundred years and a convent to accomplish.
Candy hadn’t taken the change well. She’d pouted around the house for days. She’d let Jill know that she was pissed at her and went as far as refusing to eat with “the boy who’d wrecked her only decent daughter.” Yet, she’d been willing to get drunk with a thirty-five-year-old man moments after he’d taken her fifteen-year-old daughter’s virginity. Go figure. 
It had taken a few days, but soon Candy happily ignored Jill’s presence the same way that she ignored Joshua and Madison. She’d also quit working for Grandma and found work in the next town over. She still lived here, but only until she had enough money to move out, which would hopefully be soon. Candy wouldn’t admit it to Grandma, but everyone knew that she was working as a bartender at a strip club. She’d thrown a fit the night they’d hired her. They’d told her that she was too old to strip or wait tables. Money helped her get over that disappointment real fast since the patrons always tipped her well to keep the drinks coming.
“I can’t believe that we finally get to meet prince charming,” Jill said teasingly. 
Madison laughed. “Stop calling him that! His name is David.”
Jill giggled. “Okay, I’ll call him David to his face then.”
“Thank you,” she said, chuckling.
Jill went back to her magazine while Madison finished dressing. She decided on a dress, but something casual. When she was done, she looked up to find Jill watching her. 
“What?” 
“So, are you going to tell me what he looks like or is it supposed to be a surprise?”
Madison rolled her eyes. “I’m surprised you don’t already know. The three times we went out you were waiting by the front window.”
Jill sighed. “We tried, but we couldn’t see anything. The way this house is built is so inconvenient. The only thing I know is that he drives a black car.”
“Then you know enough.” 
Jill jumped off the bed. “That’s not fair! Come on, please!” She placed her hands together in a praying gesture and jumped up and down. 
“Oh, all right, sit down before you pass out from excitement,” she said, chuckling.
“Sure thing!” Jill crawled back on the bed. “Well?”
“What do you want to know?”
“Is he a good kisser?”
They heard something crash in the bathroom followed by a curse, but they ignored it. “He’s okay I guess.”
“Is he handsome?” Jill asked, nibbling on her lip.
“Yes.”
Jill looked up at the ceiling, appearing deep in thought. Apparently, she wasn’t happy with the answer and needed a comparison. “Is he better looking than Ephraim?”
She wanted to lie, but Jill would see for herself in less than twenty minutes. “No, he’s not as handsome as Ephraim,” she said, before quickly adding, “He’s really nice. He’s an expert on British history and he’s a perfect gentleman.”
“He sounds dull,” Jill said with a shrug.
“He is not!”
“Do you think…that you know, he’ll be the one that you let…you know?” Jill asked, looking a little embarrassed.
She did know. Being a twenty-three-year-old virgin was starting to grate on her. She wasn’t saving herself for marriage or anything. She’d just never been in a rush to have sex and find out that she was exactly like her mother. “I don’t know. I can think of worse men to take a chance on. If I did sleep with him, I think he’d be gentle and kind.”
“So, you think you might with him?”
“Yes, I think so. If things continue the way they are.”
“Do you love him?”
“I think I like him,” she hedged. She’d just met the guy, but she couldn’t say that because Jill would think that she was putting down her relationship with Seth.
Jill nodded. “Just don’t rush into it. I know that I messed up and I regret it. I wish I hadn’t. I wished it had been with a nice guy. Just…just be sure, okay?” Jill finished, looking like she was on the verge of crying.
Madison hated seeing her upset. She knew that Jill still cried at night. She really wanted to slap Candy upside the head for this. Instead, she threw a balled-up pair of socks at Jill. “Hey, come on now, no crying. You don’t want that boyfriend of yours to think that you’re crying over him.”
That got her attention in a big way. She jumped up and ran to the mirror, pushing Madison aside to check her lip-gloss. She looked very pretty and very fifteen. 
“We should go downstairs. They’ll be here any minute,” Madison said as she smoothed down her dress.
“I can’t wait!” Jill giggled. 
They walked downstairs, talking and laughing the way that they used to before Candy showed up and ruined everything. Grandma met them in the foyer with a big smile. 
“One of my favorite guys is in the living room waiting for you, Jill,” Grandma said, shooting her a wink as Jill bit her lip, trying to hide her excitement as she rushed off to see her boyfriend.
Grandma loved Seth, because he made her job easier and who wouldn’t love that?
Grandma lowered her voice. “We have a surprise guest tonight.”
“Who?”
“Oh, you have no idea how happy I am that he’s eating with us tonight. Listen, I know your special friend is coming over tonight, but I need to sit my guest between you and Joshua. The two of you seem to irritate him less than everyone else. I’ll sit your special friend across from you, which is more proper for a dinner party anyway.”
“Who?”
A buzzer went off from the direction of the kitchen. “Oh, that’s my roast!” Grandma said as she hurried down the hallway, leaving Madison to wonder who was coming over. 
It had to be Father Michaels. Grandma was always trying to get him to come over for dinner. He was a nice man and she’d always enjoyed talking with him after church. Joshua loved playing chess with him after mass. Hmm, having the Father here wouldn’t be a bad idea since Candy was too much of a coward to make a scene in front of a Priest. 
Joshua walked out of the living room, fidgeting with the tie Grandma most likely made him wear. “You really should go in there. It’s rude to make your friend wait for you.”
She froze. “He’s here? Why didn’t Grandma tell me?”
He shrugged. “Probably ‘cause I’m the one who let him in and she didn’t know.”
“Joshua, you are enough to drive me to drink,” she teased as she playfully pushed him aside on her way to the living room.
David sat on the couch, making conversation with Mrs. Adle, the resident widow. She was a sweet old woman who liked nothing better than to talk about her grandchildren.
“Oh, look who’s here,” Mrs. Adle said, smiling in Madison’s direction.
David’s blue eyes lit up. He pushed his shoulder length blond hair back as he walked over to kiss her on the cheek. Madison ignored Joshua’s gagging noise. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know that you were here already.”
“It’s fine. I’ve had the pleasure of talking with Mrs. Adle so I can’t complain,” David said smoothly, making Mrs. Adle blush like a schoolgirl. Madison looked around the living room and noted that Father Michaels wasn’t here yet and thankfully, neither was Candy.
David didn’t know much about her mother, because their relationship was still pretty new. She really should have warned him, but she couldn’t force herself to open up about Candy yet. This was a nice guy and Candy would send him running for the nearest exit. He was so old fashioned. He already told her that he hated guys that went to strip clubs. What would he think if he found out that her mother worked at one?
Grandma poked her head in the room. “Dinner is on the table.”
David gestured for her to lead the way. Smiling, she led him into the large dining room. It was the second largest room in the house, the kitchen being the first, and had a table that was long enough to comfortably seat sixteen people. It had been custom designed for Grandma years ago when she’d decided to turn her home into a boarding house. 
“Madison, you sit there,” Grandma gestured to a chair close to the end before gesturing to the seat across from Madison’s. “And why don’t you sit over there, David?”
Madison stepped around the chair and was about to sit down when the chair was pushed in behind her, helping her scoot forward. David was such a gentleman, she thought. She looked over her shoulder, smiling “Thank you-” the last word caught in her throat as she looked up at the one man she hadn’t expected to see tonight.
Ephraim.
Chapter 7
“You’re welcome,” Ephraim said, stepping to the side so that he could take the seat between Madison and Joshua. 
“I mashed the potatoes!” Joshua announced, grinning hugely up at him.
“Then I’ll plan on having a second helping,” Ephraim said with a wink, making Joshua’s day.
As she sat there, Madison couldn’t help but notice that David and Ephraim kept glaring at each other.
“Help yourselves, please,” Grandma said as she started passing the bowls of food around. That reminded Madison that she needed to make the introductions.
“Grandma, this is my friend David. David, this is my grandmother, Mrs. Buckman.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” David said smoothly.
“David, this is Ephraim,” she said, noting that David’s smile faltered a touch before he managed to pull it back.
Ephraim stood as he extended his hand towards David. “I live here as well,” Ephraim explained and David noticeably relaxed at the announcement.
“I’m sorry you won’t have the chance to meet my daughter Emma, Madison’s mother. She called earlier and said that she would be delayed.”
Madison exhaled slowly and relaxed, barely resisting the urge to close her eyes and said a silent thank you to the big Guy upstairs for this one small favor. 
“Are you okay?” Ephraim whispered. 
“Yes,” she whispered back, noting that David was talking with John, another renter, while he eyed Ephraim. 
“You’ll have to introduce them sometime. It would probably be better if you just got it over with,” he whispered back in a mocking tone that irritated her.
“Mind your business,” she hissed softly.
*-*-*-*
Ephraim chuckled softly as he loaded his plate with mashed potatoes before passing them to Madison, who was still glaring at him. He looked down at his plate and sighed. The food looked good and smelled great, but he knew that it was going to taste like shit. He hated eating food, but sometimes he had to do it. He really wasn’t looking forward to what he was going to have to do later. If he left the food in his stomach it would rot along with his stomach. He hated when that happened.
After she’d made her announcement earlier, he’d decided that a home cooked meal sounded like a fantastic idea. Curiosity was a bitch. It had him running down the stairs to inform a very excited Mrs. Buckman that he would like to join them for dinner tonight. She’d been thrilled that he was joining them. Not that he really cared since he was only doing this so that he could see the man that Madison had settled on.
So far, he wasn’t impressed. This guy was too fucking conceited for Madison. He was also hiding something, Ephraim was sure of it. Everything in him was telling him that this guy was full of shit. He just had to find out what he was hiding. Besides, he was doing Madison a favor by finding out. She’d obviously held off on losing her virginity for a reason. He knew that if she lost it to this prick that she would never forgive herself. 
“So, David, what do you do exactly? Madison tells me that you’re an expert of British history,” Mrs. Buckman said, getting the conversation started. 
He could kiss her.
“I’m an author,” he said smugly. “I’m currently writing a book about nineteenth century England.” Meaning someone up there loved Ephraim. It was fate that this guy had chosen the century that he’d been born in. Now he just had to use it to his advantage and help Madison realize that this guy was a douchebag.
“How do you make a living if you’re writing a book?” Joshua asked. The boy was getting a bike for Christmas that’s all there was to it.
David squirmed in his seat. “It doesn’t pay anything yet.”
“So, then what do you do to pay your bills?” Joshua asked. 
Forget the bike, he was getting a go-kart.
“Joshua, that’s rude!” Mrs. Buckman, Madison and Jill said in unison.
 Ephraim had to fight a smile. 
This was fun! 
He really should do this more often.
David put his fork down and shrugged. “It’s fine,” he said, smiling warmly at everyone. “I actually work in a book store. I enjoy the work.”
“Oh,” Joshua mumbled, sounding disappointed and making David glare before the asshole could pull it back and slap that fake smile back on his face. 
Ephraim really liked this kid. 
“So, do you have to live with your parents then?”
Several of the other boarders coughed, trying to hide their chuckles. 
“Joshua, you’re being very rude tonight,” Madison said, shooting her little brother a warning glare.
Joshua bit his lip, looking like he was on the verge of crying. Ephraim took pity on Joshua since the boy was doing his dirty work for him. He put an arm around Joshua and gave his shoulders a small squeeze. 
“The boy’s just trying to get to know your new friend. I would take it as a compliment, Madison. He’s the man of the family after all.” 
Joshua sat up straighter with those words and puffed out his chest with pride. “He’s just trying to get to know David,” Ephraim said, shooting David a smile that was anything but friendly. “You don’t mind, do you? He doesn’t mean any harm after all.” 
Not like Ephraim.
 “No, of course not,” David readily agreed, but the look he was sending him let him know that he really did mind. 
Good. 
“To answer your question, I rent an apartment.” He looked straight at Ephraim when he spoke. “Most men over twenty live on their own in an apartment or own their own home.” He didn’t realize that he’d immediately lost any respect he might have gained from the rest of the renters. Judging by the look that Mrs. Buckman was sending him, she wasn’t too happy with the comment either. She viewed her renters as friends and family.
It was up to Ephraim to save face for everyone, but then again, it appeared that he didn’t have to when Joshua was around. “That’s not true. John is an excellent carpenter and he only lives here because his house burned down years ago and he likes it here. Brad,” he pointed to the middle-aged man sitting between John and Jill’s boyfriend, “lives here because he sends half his money to his sister whose husband died. He could live on his own, but he doesn’t so that she can put food on the table for her three kids,” he said firmly, earning a wink from Brad.
Joshua jerked a thumb in Ephraim’s direction. “He’s a police Detective. He likes living here. He doesn’t have to live here.”
“It’s okay, little man. He didn’t mean to offend anyone,” Ephraim said, but he knew that wasn’t true.
“No, I didn’t. I apologize if it sounded otherwise,” David said, looking apologetic. Everyone laughed it off and told him that it was not a big deal for Madison’s sake.
Within minutes, everyone was back to chatting quietly while they ate. Madison ignored him and focused on David, who kept throwing Ephraim triumphant glances. 
Jackass. 
“What did they call police in England during the early nineteenth century?” Joshua asked David, loud enough to draw everyone’s attention. That was an interesting question, Ephraim thought. From the look Joshua threw him, he knew that he was definitely up to something.
“They were called coppers, because they copped criminals,” David said arrogantly.
That did it. He couldn’t stop himself from laughing even if he wanted to. Madison elbowed him in the ribs, but that only made him laugh harder. 
“What’s so funny?” David demanded.
He stopped laughing, but kept smiling. “I’m sorry I thought you were joking.”
David looked pissed. “I wasn’t.”
“Ephraim, do you know?” Joshua asked as he poured a gallon of gravy over his food.
He sighed. 
He did know. 
“What was it like back then? Did they have police and judges?”
David sat back, folding his arms across his chest, looking cocky. “I’m interested in your opinion as well. Perhaps you learned something in the police academy about the history of law enforcement that I would find useful.” 
Ah, a challenge. 
“Well, they didn’t have police officers like they do today.” David scoffed, but everyone ignored him. They were all eager to hear what Ephraim had to say. 
“What did they have?” Mrs. Buckman asked encouragingly.
“They had the tradition of Constables, but it wasn’t until the early 1800’s when people realized that a police force was needed. They weren’t as organized or focused on the law as we are today. The men who would have done my job were called Bow Street Runners and the police force were called Peelers or Bobbies in the 1820’s.”
“Cool!”
Ephraim chuckled at the boy’s excitement. “It was considered a lower-class job. Something looked down upon. They mostly worked for private pay, but they could expect a shilling or two from the government for public work. The men they answered to either bought a commission, meaning they paid for a position in the government, or they earned it through reputation. Those positions were government based.”
“They helped people then?” Joshua asked.
He sighed, “No, not really. The whole lot was rather corrupt.”
“And today’s police force isn’t?” David demanded in a snide tone.
Ephraim ignored him as he focused on the woman by his left, who was watching and waiting for him to finish. “You have to understand something, Joshua. Back then things were different. The nobility and money ran everything. They were above the law. The Bow Street Runners, the group that made up the policing unit and the other government positions, were only created to control the masses and keep the nobility safe and happy. If a noble man broke the law it was only viewed as good gossip.”
“A nobleman, let’s say a Duke for instance, could kill his wife and no one could do anything about it. It would just be whispered about. If that man had any children it might wreck their chances of making a good match, because a good family wouldn’t want to be linked to such scandal.”
“That’s messed up,” Joshua said. “So, they protected the nobility?”
Ephraim nodded. “And those who could pay them. They were for hire. They mostly went after the poor or did the duties of a private detective. A rich household hired footmen to protect their property. They used the footmen to get their own justice.”
“Who protected the poor people?”
“No one. They were at the mercy of the magistrate and the government. If the nobility wronged them there was nothing that they could do about it. They could appeal the magistrate, but the magistrate would always take the side of the nobleman. They wouldn’t want to get on the bad side of a peer.”
“A peer?”
“Noblemen.”
“Oh, did they have jails?”
Madison watched as Ephraim’s hands clenched tightly on the table. “Something like that. The cells were small, overcrowded and inhumane. Some of the smaller districts used dungeons from earlier times to keep criminals locked up.”
“Cool! What did they do to people in the dungeons?”
Madison saw Ephraim’s hands shake as he dropped them onto his lap where they continued to shake. Something was wrong with him. She looked around, surprised to find that he had everyone’s undivided attention.
“The magistrate was a power onto himself. The further away from London, the more powerful that man became. He had the power to grab a man, woman or child from the street on a whim and throw them in a cell. He mostly followed orders from noblemen, but sometimes he was the highest-ranking man in the area.”
“Innocent people were thrown in cells?”
“Yes,” Ephraim said, sighing heavily.
“Well, what if they proved that they were innocent?”
Ephraim chuckled without humor. She watched his hands shake harder. Something was clearly upsetting him. Without thinking, she reached over and covered one of his hands with hers. His hand stopped shaking almost immediately, but he didn’t look at her as he continued speaking. 
“They didn’t care. You were in that cell until someone paid your fees or someone with more powerful blood spoke on your behalf. You were starved, deprived of liquid. If you were lucky, you were placed in a cell with a small opening for a window so that you could count the days. That was one of the worst things about being in a cell without light. Days and nights went by and you couldn’t keep track of time,” he said, and God help her, but she could actually feel the horror of his words and it broke her heart.
*-*-*-*
Madison didn’t seem to notice that he was caressing the back of her hand with his thumb so he didn’t stop. “If you were smart, you could keep track of time by the sounds of the guards changing shifts and by the rats.”
“Rats?” Mrs. Adle asked, sounding horrified.
“Rats rarely came out during the day. They mostly came out during the night when the guards were asleep and no one was patrolling the corridors with a candle or an oil lamp. Rats hate light.”
“How did the prisoners get rid of the rats?” Joshua asked.
Ephraim turned his hand over so that he could lace their fingers together. He continued to run his thumb over her skin. He was surprised that he could be this close to her without losing control. He wanted nothing more than to taste her, but he managed to control himself. Every now and then his fangs would begin to slide down and he would have to run his tongue over them and then send them back to where they belonged. He wanted to be near her too much to risk scaring her off.
She had so much control over him and she didn’t even know it.
“If you were in there long enough you would pray for a visit from a rat,” he said casually.
“Why?” Brad asked, frowning in confusion.
“Food. The guards made sure that there was never enough food. They seemed to get a kick out of breaking down prisoners and making them beg. Most prisoners relied on their families to feed them, but even then, it wasn’t very much since most prisoners came from poor families. Eating a rat was a treat when you were starving.”
“Gross!” Jill’s boyfriend said.
“So, they just sat in their cells?” Joshua asked.
“No, they were often taken out of the cells for the amusement of the guards or punishment from the magistrate.”
“What did they do?”
“The prisoners were whipped, caned, tortured in any and every way possible or they were killed. Most didn’t survive a beating. The cuts became infected and that’s usually how they died if starvation didn’t get them first.”
“How sad,” some of the women said.
“That sucks.” Joshua said plainly. 
David laughed. “He’s kidding. It wasn’t that bad and it wasn’t like that with the nobility at all. The nobility cared deeply for the lower class. They were the backbone of the society after all. They would want to keep the workers happy so they could produce.”
*-*-*-*
Madison saw Ephraim’s jaw clench. “You really believe that, don’t you?”
“Yes, I’ve studied it for years.” 
Ephraim released her hand and sat back in his chair. “You’re the expert.” With that, he picked up his fork and continued to eat. After a minute, everyone else returned their attention to their plates. She could tell from their disappointed expressions that they’d been enjoying themselves.
She looked down at her hand. She could still feel the hot path where his thumb had caressed her skin. Her entire hand tingled from his touch. What was it about this man that left her feeling this way? she couldn’t help but wonder.
David could hold her hand and all she felt was discomfort. She didn’t like his touch, but he was polite and attentive. If she were being honest, she’d admit that he was a little arrogant. She knew from some of her own research that Ephraim was correct. The justice system back then had been a nightmare. 
Everyone ate, but kept looking back at Ephraim, hoping that he would start talking again. 
Joshua leaned in closer to Ephraim. “Are you okay?”
Ephraim forced a smile. “I’m okay.”
“I believe you, you know,” Joshua said in a loud whisper.
“Thanks. Eat your vegetables. I heard that your Grandma made a chocolate cake.”
Without another word, Joshua dug in. The boy loved cake after all. Ephraim ate slowly and kept his eyes on his plate. Madison noticed Grandma watching him with a worried frown.
“Joshua, I was planning on taking your sister to Boston next weekend. The museum is holding an exhibition on nineteenth century art if you want to come. It depicts what life was really like back then if you want to know.”
“No, thank you. I was hoping to go fishing again with Ephraim,” Joshua answered without looking up from his plate.
Ephraim nodded, keeping his eyes on his plate as he pushed his food around. “You’re always welcome to join me as long as your Grandmother and Madison say it’s okay.”
“Why wouldn’t he just ask his mother?” David asked, looking confused.
Madison opened her mouth to answer when the dining room door opened and Candy walked in.
“I’m so sorry I’m late. One of the other bartenders called in sick and…David? What are you doing here? Crystal’s been looking everywhere for you!”
“Who’s Crystal?” Joshua asked.
David opened his mouth and then shut it. All eyes moved between David and Candy.
“Crystal is David’s girlfriend of course. She works with me at the, er, club.”
All eyes locked on David as Candy walked around the table, oblivious to the change in the room. 
“Oh, before I forget, she told me that if I ran into you tonight to ask you to pick up more diapers for the baby.”

Chapter 8
Ephraim dropped his fork on his plate with a loud clang that echoed throughout the eerily quiet room. He leaned back in his seat, keeping his eyes locked on David as he fidgeted in his seat, sweating profusely as he glanced nervously around the room. 
“Everyone, leave now,” Ephraim said coldly.
David immediately shot to his feet. 
 “Not you. Sit down,” Ephraim bit out, his glare never shifting away from David.
“What’s going on?” Candy asked, glancing between them.
“Why don’t you stay, Candy?” Ephraim’s voice was gentle, but everyone knew that it wasn’t a request. 
“Okay,” Candy said with a careless shrug as she sat down in the seat Brad had vacated. All the men threw David a glare as they left the room. 
“I want to stay, too!” Joshua said, folding his arms over his chest as he joined Ephraim and glared at David.
Without taking his eyes away from David, Ephraim pulled out his wallet and opened it. He pulled out two fifties. “Since it’s my fault that no one was able to finish this lovely dinner that your grandmother cooked I’ll treat. Go order enough pizza for everyone.”
Joshua looked down at the money in his hand and then back up at David. He wanted to stay, but pizza was pizza after all. “Can I get a meatball and mushroom pizza?”
“You can get whatever you want, little man,” Ephraim said. “And if you keep everyone out of here then you can even keep the change.”
“Cool!” he said, and with that, he ran out of the room, leaving David, Ephraim, Mrs. Buckman, Madison and Candy alone.
David started to stand up. “This is just a misunderstanding that’s all…I swear! I-I’ll just be going,” he stammered nervously.
“Sit down now!” Ephraim roared, causing everyone in the room to jump as David practically fell out of his chair.
Madison’s face burned with mortification. She’d never been so embarrassed or felt so used in her life before. Part of her wanted to run, but she needed to find out who the man that had obviously played her so well really was. Oh God, she wanted to curl up into a ball and die. 
This was so humiliating.
“Mrs. Buckman, if I promise to answer all of your questions later will you leave the room now?” he asked, keeping his eyes locked on David.
Her grandmother sighed with a nod as she stood up. “Thank you, Ephraim.”
“Come on, this is just a mistake!” David said, sounding desperate.
“Candy, I have a few questions for you and then you can leave as well, okay?” 
Candy looked confused, but nodded. 
“Do you know this man?”
“Yes.”
“From?”
“He comes into the club most nights. He lives with Crystal and they have a baby. Why? What’s going on here?”
“Where does he work?”
“A bookstore.”
“Did he go to college?”
Candy laughed. “Are you kidding? He just got his GED last month.”
David’s face turned an interesting shade of red.
 “What is going on here?” Candy demanded.
“Nothing. Candy, why don’t you go make sure that Joshua is ordering enough pizza for everyone.” She stood up with another careless shrug and headed for the door. “Lock the door from the inside,” Ephraim softly ordered.
He waited until he heard the door click shut before he stood up. David immediately jumped to his feet and grabbed the carving knife from the roast beef platter. He held the large knife up in front of him while he backed away and moved towards the locked door.
Ephraim gently took Madison by the arm and pushed her against the wall. Without any hesitation, he stepped in front of David. “You owe the lady an apology and an explanation.”
David licked his lips nervously. “I’m leaving.”
“No, you’re not. You’re apologizing. Why did you lie to her and ask her out if you already had a girlfriend?”
David looked at her and gave her a weak smile. “I’m sorry it was just a bet.”
“A bet?” she asked, stepping forward. 
A bet?
Oh, she was going to slap the shit out of him!
Ephraim took another step, placing himself directly in front of her. David held the knife up with a shaky hand as he shifted his wild gaze between Madison and Ephraim. 
“Get that damn thing out of my face, boy,” Ephraim snapped.
David frantically shook his head. “No, you’re going to hit me!”
“Of course, I am and you’re only pissing me off more with that fucking knife!” Ephraim reached out and grabbed the knife by the blade, ripping it out of David’s hand and tossed it behind him. 
Madison rushed to grab the knife before either man could get their hands on it. Keeping her gaze locked on them, she grabbed the bloodied knife and quickly backed away. 
“Now, you were telling us about a bet?” Ephraim prompted and if his hand hurt, it didn’t show. 
He stalked forward as David retreated.
“It was stupid. She came into the bookstore a month ago and the guys and I made a bet on who could nail her.” He held up his hands. “I didn’t know it would take this long! I swear it was just a bet!”
*-*-*-*
Ephraim glanced back at Madison to find her crying. Ephraim fought for control as his teeth descended.  
“Your eyes…what’s wrong with your eyes?” David screeched. 
Ephraim turned his head before Madison could see him losing control. 
“Madison, please leave,” he said in a soothing tone as he struggled to regain control before he did something he’d regret.
“No,” she said whispered softly.
“Madison, get out!” he roared. 
He couldn’t control it any longer. He ran his tongue over his fangs, trying to send them back, but they refused to go. His hands shook with rage, desperate to tear this bastard apart. 
Madison took a deep breath. She couldn’t leave, she just couldn’t. “No, I’m staying.”
“Damn it, Madison, leave now!”
“No!” 
 “Oh, my God! What the hell is going on?” David screamed as he grabbed a chair. He threw it at Ephraim as he ran for the door.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Ephraim snarled as he moved in front of David, cutting him off. David stumbled back against the table. His entire body trembled. 
“Please! I’m so sorry! I’ll never do anything like this again! I swear!” he swore, sobbing hysterically.
Ephraim grabbed David by his shirt with one hand and raised him off the floor until David was looking down at him. His arms and legs flailed wildly as he tried to escape Ephraim’s hold. 
“If you ever talk to her or about her ever again I will kill you. I know your scent now. There’s nowhere that I can’t find you. Do you believe me, David?” Ephraim asked in cold, calculating voice.
“Y-yes!” he cried uncontrollably.
“Good. I’m going to let you leave now, but if I ever find out that you said anything about Madison, I will rip your fucking throat out with my teeth. Do you understand me?”
“Yes!” David screamed as the scent of urine hit the room. 
Ephraim looked down at the floor and stepped away from the pool of urine forming beneath David’s dangling feet, taking David with him. 
This man wasn’t going to talk.
“Is this real?” David asked in a high-pitched voice that grated on Ephraim’s ears.
Keeping his eyes locked on David, Ephraim grabbed one of David’s hands and brought it close to his face. “Stick out your finger.”
“No!”
“Do it!” 
His hands shook violently as he reluctantly stuck out his index finger. Ephraim brought the finger to his mouth and ran it over the tip of one of his fangs. 
“Ouch!” David whimpered. 
God, this man was weak, he thought with disgust. It was no more painful than getting pricked by a needle. Several drops of blood hit Ephraim’s lip. As David pulled his hand away, Ephraim licked the blood and cringed. He turned his head away from Madison and spit the blood out.
He looked back and David and swallowed as he realized just how badly this situation could have turned out. He had to handle this differently. 
“David, I don’t know how to tell you this,” he said, forcing himself to remain calm when all he wanted to do was to rip this fucking asshole apart for what he could have done to Madison, but he just barely stopped himself, reminding himself that there was an innocent baby involved in all of this.
“What?” David whimpered.
Ephraim placed the bastard on his feet and stepped away from him. “You need go see a doctor, immediately.”
“Why?” 
“Go see your doctor tomorrow,” Ephraim said, trying to control the rage inside of him that was threatening to destroy him and everyone in this room. If this son of a bitch had touched Madison he could have given her a death sentence. 
“What’s wrong with my blood?” David pleaded, holding his bleeding finger against his chest as though it were a life-threatening injury.
“Just go see a doctor. Take your girlfriend with you to get tested and anyone else you’ve been with.” 
David’s chin trembled. “You’re not going to tell me?”
“No, just go.” 
His body was trembling as he forced himself to take another step back. He prayed that Madison hadn’t done anything with this man. She was still a virgin, but that didn’t mean that they hadn’t done other things.
“You’re letting me go?”
Ephraim turned his back on him and faced Madison. She was hugging herself tightly and staring at him. 
She’d seen everything. 
*-*-*-*
His eyes were red. 
This couldn’t be real, she told herself as he turned around and faced her. Her body screamed at her to run, but she couldn’t move. She watched as Ephraim moved across the room faster than should have been humanly possible. She watched in horror as he’d picked David up with one hand. 
This wasn’t happening.
Right now, he looked like a vampire, which was crazy because they weren’t real. This had to be a game. Someone was playing a joke on her. This couldn’t be real, she told herself even as she struggled to make sense out of what she was seeing. She’d watched enough movies to know the rules for vampires. 
She went over the list of what she knew about vampires in her head and compared it to everything that she knew about Ephraim. He’d just consumed food and vampires couldn’t eat food. Granted, this was the first time that she’d seen him eat, but it still counted. He also went outside during the day and vampires were supposed to fry in the sun. She couldn’t remember the logic behind that one, but she was sure that it had something to do with the fact that they were supposed to be dead. 
Speaking of being dead…
She wasn’t an expert on dead people, but she was pretty sure that he wasn’t dead. He breathed, his skin was warm and he was able to consume food. Even ten minute later, she swore that she could still feel his touch. 
Before she could come up with anything else to prove that this was just a joke, he’d destroyed every last shred of hope that she had left. Somehow, she’d found herself moving closer. Swallowing hard, she watched with dread as his fang sliced through David’s finger. 
This was real, she realized, trying to get her legs to move as she watched Ephraim taste David’s blood. She struggled to wrap her mind around what she was seeing, but all she could think about was running away before he did anything else. She moved to take a step back when Ephraim explained that David needed to see a doctor. As she tried digesting that information, David ran out of the room, leaving her to face Ephraim.
“What the hell…” she whispered against her better judgment when really, she should be following David’s lead.
Ephraim gave her a lopsided grin. “I don’t suppose there’s any chance that you didn’t see that?”
Numbly, she shook her head. His smile disappeared as he sighed, “I didn’t think so.”
He rubbed his hand roughly down his face as he said, “I need to taste your blood.”
That was all she needed to hear to get her feet working. She backed away from him, refusing to take her eyes off him and give him the change to rip her throat open. “I’m not letting you sink your fangs in me, you sick bloodsucking bastard!” 
When the back of her legs hit the dining room table, she blindly reached back and searched for a weapon. When she found the basket of rolls, she picked it up and quickly hugged it to her chest like a shield as she threw rolls at him in a pathetic attempt to hold off the attack that she knew was coming. “Get back!”
He ducked out of the way of the rolls flying at his head. “Or what? You’ll throw butter at me?” he teased, chuckling.
“I’m not kidding…I’ll…I’ll…” 
At a loss at what to do next, she looked around the room, but there was nothing that she could use to defend herself, there were no crosses or vials of holy water lying around for moments like this. Damn it, why hadn’t her Grandmother found religion? 
Ephraim held his hands up in surrender just as she ran out of rolls. “Listen, I know you’re frightened and I understand that. I’m not trying to scare you, but I need to taste your blood.”
With that announcement, she threw the basket at his head. “Are you crazy? I’m not letting you bite me!” 
“I don’t want to bite you. Your blood is the last thing I want,” he bit out, looking pained.
That stopped her short. “My blood’s not good enough for you?” she demanded, not really sure why she was insulted, but she was!
“That’s not it at all,” he said, sighing heavily and sounding exhausted.
She considered making a run for it now, but something told her that he’d get to her before she made it to the door. For now, she’d stay here getting a few answers as she tried to come up with a plan that would save her from becoming his midnight snack.
“You drink blood, don’t you?” she asked, deciding that it would probably be for the best if they cleared that up right now.
He ran a frustrated hand through his hair as he barked, “Yes!”
“You don’t have to snap! It was just a question.” 
He held up a hand in a placating manner. “My apologies.”
She nodded her acceptance even as her eyes narrowed accusingly on the bastard. “Why isn’t my blood good enough?” she demanded. “I bathe, eat healthy, I don’t use drugs, drink or smoke. I’m not a vampire or anything, but I would think that would make my blood pretty freaking tasty.”
His jaw dropped. “Are you trying to get me to bite you?”
“No!”
“Then why-”
“Because you insulted my blood!”
He pinched the bridge of his nose and chuckled weakly. 
“You think this is funny?” Madison demanded, shaking her head in disgust.
“No, I think this is the most trying conversation of my life.”
Madison grabbed the half-eaten bun from her grandmother’s abandoned plate and chucked it at him, hitting him in the chest. She pulled a chair in front of herself to keep it between them in the false hope that it would be enough to stop him. She already knew that it wouldn’t save her, but it made her feel better to pretend that it would.
“Hey! What the hell was that for?”
“You keep insulting me when you should be explaining why I shouldn’t just scream my head off for help!”
He sighed as he pulled out a chair and sat down. “You want an explanation?”
“Yes, I think,” she said, gesturing a bit wildly around the room and then at him, “that I deserve one, don’t you?”
Ephraim shook his head slowly. “No, I think you owe me a thank you.”
“A thank you?” she asked in stunned disbelief. 
“Yes, a thank you. I just got rid of that douchebag for you.”
He was an arrogant son of a bitch. She half stepped out from behind the chair to tell him that when she remembered what he was and she kept her ass right where it was. It was then that she realized that something was different about him. “Why are your eyes blue again and where did your fangs go?” she demanded, narrowing her eyes on him as she waited for him to try and hand her more bullshit.
“Would you believe me if I told you that none of that happened and that you were hallucinating?” he asked, sounding hopeful.
“No!”
He sighed heavily. “I didn’t think so.”
“And you didn’t get rid of him. Candy did when she opened her big mouth.”
Ephraim cocked his head to the side as he studied her. “You really think so?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes! Now tell me about your eyes and teeth?”
He shrugged. “I believe you said they’re blue and my teeth are white. What else do you need to know?”
She groaned as she stomped her foot in frustration. “Stop playing games with me and tell me what I want to know, you annoying bastard!”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he said innocently enough, bringing her frustration to a whole new level.
“Yes, you do!”
He shrugged. 
She glared. 
He glared back. 
Finally, she threw her hands up in the air. “Fine! You’re obviously not going to tell me what I want until I answer your questions, so ask them!”
“You’re awfully demanding,” he noted.
“And you’re annoying!”
“Fine, I have a few questions for you before I can tell you anything.”
She held her hands. “Wait a second. Why do you get to ask your questions first? I’m the one with the all the information. I know what you are and I could tell everyone.”
He raised one arrogant eyebrow. “Go ahead.”
“What?” she asked with a frown, taken by surprise, because she’d kind of expected him to cave once she threatened to tell on him.
“I said go ahead. Open the door and go tell them what you saw. I’m sure you’ll give everyone a good laugh.”
“But…” she started to say only to end with a groan. He was right, because she would look insane. “Fine, I’ll get David to back up my story.”
Ephraim laughed. “David will never be able to look at you again without pissing himself,” he said before his expression turned serious. “Besides, you should really leave him alone. He’s going to have enough shit to deal with.”
That reminded her. “Ephraim, I need to know what’s wrong with his blood.”
“No, first I need to find out a few things.”
“Like what?”
“I know you didn’t sleep with him, but I need to know if you did anything short of sleeping with him.” It pained him to ask her, but he needed to know.
Her mouth dropped open. “You what? How would you know that I haven’t slept with him? Wait, where do you get off asking? It’s none of your business what I’ve done with anyone!”
He seemed unconcerned with her questions. “I know that you’re a virgin. I can smell it,” he informed her as he pointedly tapped his nose. “Heightened senses and all that.”
She didn’t know how it was possible, but she was even more embarrassed now than she had been twenty minutes ago when she’d realized that the guy she’d considered giving her virginity had only gone out with her to win a bet. 
“I’m not telling you a damn thing. If your sense of smell is heightened then you should be able to tell me what I did or didn’t do,” she said, folding her arms over her chest in clear challenge.
 Mistake! 
She’d definitely made a mistake, she decided when she saw a flash of color move towards. She felt a cool breeze caress her arm the same time she realized that Ephraim now stood directly behind her. She shrieked and tried to run when two large, warm hands closed over her shoulders. 
*-*-*-*
“This was your idea, remember?”
“I didn’t mean-”
“Hold still, I’m working here,” he mumbled, trying not to smile. 
He really shouldn’t be doing this. She was his weakness in so many ways, but she’d challenged him and refused to answer his questions. He didn’t have the patience for this game. He had to know if she was sick.
Holding her still, he used his face to push her beautiful long hair away from her neck. He nearly groaned. God, she felt so good. He had to close his eyes and fight for control. 
“No biting!”
“Shhh, I’m trying to focus,” he said soothingly as he ran his tongue over his fangs, sending them back. It was too tempting to be this close to her so he needed to work fast. He closed his eyes and slowly inhaled as he tried to ignore the impulse to run his tongue over her skin. He slowly went down to his knees, scenting her from her neck all the way down to her beautiful back and then just to cover all his bases, he moved down to her bottom and brushed his chin over the curve one cheek.
It was probably for the best that she couldn’t see the huge grin on his face as he did that. For a minute, he considered staying there, but felt her tense beneath his hands and decided that he should get this over with before he pushed his luck. Besides, she’d probably slap him or throw those damn lumpy potatoes at him if he didn’t stop nuzzling her surprisingly firm ass. He released her shoulders and continued his inspection down to her knee before he stood up.
“Finally-hey!” She yelped as he took her hand in his and ran his nose over her palm. When he finished, he released her hand and walked away.
“Well?” she asked expectantly.
 “That’s all I wanted to know. Thanks,” he said dismissively as he opened the door, making sure to keep his eyes lowered as he moved to the left, deciding that it was probably for the best if nobody saw him like this.
*-*-*-*
“What? Hey, that’s not fair! Get back here! You didn’t answer my questions!” she yelled as she ran after him, but by the time she reached the hallway he was already gone. 
That was fine with her, because she knew where he would eventually end up. She turned to the right with every intention of going upstairs to wait for him when she ran into her Grandmother.
 “What’s going on? Where’s Ephraim?” Grandma asked, shooting the open doorway to the dining room a curious look.
 “Where is everyone?” Madison asked with a frown as she glanced past her Grandmother to find the foyer empty.
Grandma waved a hand in the air in a dismissive gesture. “They’re in the living room watching movies and eating pizza. They settled down once they saw David leave,” Grandma said, pursing her lips up thoughtfully as she studied her and whatever she saw had her asking, “Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. Why wouldn’t I be?” she asked absently as she shifted her attention to the stairs, wondering if she’d be able to cut Ephraim off before he reached his room.
“Because of what that awful man did,” Grandma said, dragging her attention back.
Oh, that. 
 “I’m over it,” she said with a shrug. 
She’d moved onto new things like getting the answers to all her questions.
 The bastard was going to answer her this time and that was that, she decided, slowly inching towards the stairs, eager to get started.
“Hmm, you don’t look too upset,” Grandma mused, looking thoughtful.
 “I’m not upset, but I am tired,” she said, making sure to add a yawn at the end and probably overdoing, but she didn’t care. “Could you tell Joshua and Jill that I’ll see them tomorrow?”
Grandma looked reluctant to let her go, but in the end she nodded her agreement. “Have a good night, Madison.”
“I will,” she said, deciding that she would do whatever it took to make the bastard talk.

Chapter 9
“Thank God,” he mumbled as he stepped away from her door. 
For the last four hours he’d driven around town, waiting for her to finally give up and go to bed. She wanted answers, answers she thought he owed her. He didn’t owe anyone anything, especially her. As far as he was concerned, he did her a favor tonight and that was the end of it. 
It had been a very long night and he was exhausted. He walked into his room and stripped out of his clothes as he headed for the bathroom. Even after all these years he still couldn’t go to bed until he’d scrubbed himself clean. The feel of that grime coating his skin still haunted him. The few times he’d tried to go to bed or to work in the morning without taking a shower first hadn’t ended well for anyone. 
The only good thing about taking a shower at two in the morning was that there was plenty of hot water. He stood beneath the showerhead, enjoying the scalding hot water as it ran down his back until a small click let him know that tonight’s bullshit wasn’t over yet.
 “You’re never going to give up, are you?” he asked, sighing heavily as he reached over and shut the water off.
“No,” Madison said in an offhanded tone, sounding suspiciously smug.
“Are you going to hand me a towel?”
“No.”
“Fine,” he said as he yanked the shower curtain aside and stepped out onto the small bath rug.
 “What the hell are you doing?” she demanded, looking adorably confused as she stood there, trying not to look down and failing miserably.
“Getting a towel,” he explained with a shrug as he reached past her and grabbed a towel from the rack. 
When she opened her mouth and nothing came out, mostly because her eyes were still locked on the vicinity his cock, he decided to take pity on her. 
 “Let me guess. You’d planned on keeping me trapped in the shower until I answered your questions, right?”
She looked guilty, but admitted nothing. “You owe me some answers.”
He wiped his face off with the towel. “Really? How did you come to this conclusion?”
“Because you stole answers from me! Now you owe me.”
 “You’re welcome to sniff me,” he said with a wink.
“That’s not what I meant!” she gasped in outrage, making him chuckle.
“Well, that’s what I did to get my answer. So, if we’re being fair then that’s what you should do.” His eyes dropped down to his naked body and then to her. “Of course, if we were being completely fair you’d do it while you were naked,” he innocently pointed out.
Was it wrong that he loved the way her beautiful eyes narrowed on him like she was considering killing him with her bare hands?
Probably, he mused as he rubbed the towel over his chest.
“You know what?” she asked, shaking her head in disgust. “I bet you didn’t get anything from me. You’re probably hoping that I’d fall for that bullshit act and answer your questions.”
 “Yeah, that’s what I did,” he said, chuckling as he dropped the towel and walked back to his room. 
“You only guessed that I’m a virgin,” she said seconds before her eyes narrowed accusingly on him. “Wait a minute, you were in the bathroom tonight when Jill and I were talking. You didn’t guess, you son of a bitch. You were eavesdropping!”
“I don’t have to go in the bathroom to hear what you say,” he pointed out, but she didn’t miss the guilty expression on his face. She knew that look all too well courtesy of Jill and Joshua. She leaned back against the wall, satisfied that for once, she had him right where she wanted him.
*-*-*-*
“That might be true, but you wanted a closer spot.”
 “Fine, you want to play this game?” he asked, deciding that it was time to end this little game of hers.
“Yes,” she said firmly, pushing away from the wall.
Ephraim pulled on a pair of boxers as he asked, “Are you sure?”
“Yes!” 
He sat down on the bed as she did her best to concentrate on his face and not on his well-defined abs. It would really help if he put a shirt on. “Aren’t you cold?” she asked, sounding hopeful.
“Why? Is this bothering you?” he asked, chuckling as he gestured to his naked torso.
“What? No, don’t be ridiculous,” she rushed out, deciding that if he made one single crack about the blush burning her cheeks that she would have to kill him.
When he opened his mouth, probably to piss her off, she decided that it would probably be for the best if they’d returned to the reason why she’d spent the last four hours stalking his room.
“You were going to tell me what you found out from smelling me?” she asked, hoping that it was enough to get him to focus
He sighed, long and heavy. “Fine, but remember that you insisted. I was able to tell that you’d showered recently,” he announced, and just barely resisted the urge to roll her eyes.
 “You knew that already.”
“May I continue?” he asked, looking annoyed.
“You may continue,” she said dismissively, mostly to piss him off.
“You’re too kind,” he said dryly before he continued. “I know that you’re wearing Calvin Klein perfume, but there’s still a hint of the cucumber and melon body spray leftover from this morning. You use Tide to wash your clothes and you were near someone today who’d smoked cannabis a week ago.” 
She opened her mouth to interrupt him, but he continued, refusing to give her a chance to drag this out.
“Also, in fifteen days your period is going to start. From the smell of your skin, I suspect that it will start early in the morning. I also know you’re not on any type of birth control, which means that you weren’t really considering sleeping with David,” he announced, loving the red blush staining her cheeks.
“How do you know I wasn’t planning on sleeping with him?”
“You’re responsible. I know how you feel about Candy’s sexual escapades and how upset you were about Jill’s mistake. You’re the type of woman who would start birth control the minute you even thought about having sex.”
“I hadn’t decided yet,” she admitted softly, avoiding his gaze.
“May I continue?”
Looking down at her feet, she nodded.
“I also know that David only touched your breast from the outside of your shirt. The last time was two days ago, but the touch was brief, much like his kisses.”
Her embarrassment momentarily forgotten as her curiosity took over, she asked. “How do you know that? You smelled me from behind?”
Ephraim lazily scratched his stomach. “Scents travel over your skin. Think of it as a network. Anything that happens in front will be transmitted to the back. I only need to scent the length of your body to get my answers.”
“Oh.”
“As I was saying. You don’t like his kisses. From what I can tell you break off the kiss whenever he tries to invade your mouth. He grabbed your breast when he thought you were distracted. Amateur move,” he said with a lazy shrug.
“Oh, and I bet you’re an expert?” she snapped.
He gave her a lopsided smile. “I’ll admit that it’s been a while, but a man never forgets.”
“How long?” she asked.
 “No, we’re talking about you now, Madison. Let’s see, I also know that no man has ever touched you intimately.” He tilted his head to the side as he studied her. “You’re a very strict date I take it.”
She reluctantly nodded so he continued. “Good for you, especially now since it probably saved your life.”
Madison shifted uncomfortably. “What do you mean? What was wrong with him?”
He sighed heavily. “Madison, he has HIV. You’re lucky that he didn’t win that bet.”
“Oh, my god,” she muttered, feeling like she’d been punched in the gut.
“You’re fine, Madison,” he promised her.
“Maybe,” she said, licking her lips nervously, “maybe you should test my blood to make sure.”
He flinched back as if she’d struck him. “I’m not going to bite you!”
“Why not?” 
“For fuck sake, Madison, you’re a virgin! You’re safe.”
She waved that aside as if it didn’t matter. “That doesn’t mean that I couldn’t have contracted it through a kiss,” she pointed out, almost desperately as she held out her wrist towards him.
“I’m not tasting your blood,” he snarled.
“No, there’s obviously something wrong with my blood and you won’t tell me.” She walked towards the bed, determined to make him do it. “Just taste it.”
Ephraim moved to get away from her. “I’m not going to drink your blood so stop it!”
“Why?” she demanded, watching as he rushed to get away from her. 
“Because, I don’t want your fucking blood!” he shouted, suddenly making everything clear.
 “I see,” she murmured thoughtfully as she looked at him in a whole new light.
 “See what exactly?” he demanded as his eyes narrowed dangerously on her.
“That makes sense,” she mumbled quietly, looking thoughtful as she nibbled on her bottom lip.
“What does?”
 “You’ve been here for three years and in all that time you’ve never brought any friends home. You’ve never been seen with a woman. You’re secretive and the only time you’ve ever joined the rest of the house was tonight when you heard I was having a man over,” she mumbled to herself as she looked off, appearing lost in thought.
“What exactly are you getting at?” he asked, wondering where she was going with this, but she didn’t seem to hear him. 
“You tasted his blood, let him stick his finger in your mouth, but the idea of tasting my blood actually repulses you. I think I know why you won’t drink my blood,” she finished off thoughtfully.
“Oh, do please enlighten me,” he said mockingly, wondering what new bullshit she was about to come up with. 
She smiled cheerfully as she announced, “You’re gay.”
*-*-*-*
 “It’s okay. It’s not a big deal if you’re gay,” she said, giving him a reassuring smile as she took a step towards him.
It was okay, but she was oddly disappointed.
 “H-how did you know?” he whispered, looking lost and making her heart break for him. 
“It’s kind of obvious,” she admitted with a shrug, wishing that he didn’t feel like he had hide what he was only to amend that thought a minute later. He should probably continue to hide the bloodsucking part, but not this.
“What do you mean it’s obvious?” he asked in a guarded tone as he thought about his brothers and their feminine features and gestures, wondering if he looked more like his brothers than he’d thought.
“Well, you’re secretive,” she pointed out with a shrug.
“That’s because I’m a Pyte,” he said before he could stop himself.
“What’s a Pyte?” she asked with an adorable frown.
“Don’t change the subject. You’re telling me how you knew,” he said quickly, hoping to distract her from his little slip up.
“Well, you only spend time with other men. You never bring anyone here. Being around women seems to make you uncomfortable. You readily tasted David’s blood, but the thought of mine disgusts you. When you put it all together it just seems rather obvious,” she finished with a shrug.
He covered his face with his hands. “Oh, my God…I-I can’t believe you found out,” he whispered hoarsely. 
Sighing and wishing that she’d handled this better, she walked over to him and wrapped her arms around him. Five minutes ago, she’d been terrified of him, but that was before she knew that she was safe with him. He didn’t like women and wouldn’t feed off her. That was the only reason that she felt comfortable enough to touch him now.
It was too bad that he was gay. He felt so good right now. “It’s okay. You don’t have to go through this alone. It won’t be so bad. There are plenty of gay cops these days. As long as you don’t bite anyone you should be fine.” 
“I suppose you’re right,” he said, chuckling softly as his hands dropped from his face so that he could wrap his arms around her. “You really don’t mind?” he asked as he nuzzled her neck. 
“No, I don’t mind. It’s okay, Ephraim,” she reassured him as she ran a hand down his back, trying to soothe him. She stretched up on her toes and kissed his cheek. “It’s okay.”
He returned the gesture by pressing a soft kiss against her neck. It sent shivers down her spine. It was really a shame, she thought until a moment later when she realized that he was still kissing her.
 “Tell me something,” he said between kisses.
“W-what?” she asked, swallowing nervously. She tried to pull away, but his grip tightened, locking her in place.
“When you decided that I was gay, this was based on the fact that I’d refused to drink your blood?” he asked, softly groaning as he brushed his lips over the curve of her neck.
“Yes,” she said, swallowing nervously as she once again tried to move away, but he refused to let her go.
“What if I told you that the only reason that I refused to feed from you isn’t because I’m gay, but because your blood, and your blood alone, is my biggest weakness? What if I told you that in the last hundred and ninety years that I have never come across someone whose blood drove me crazy the way that yours does? That just the scent of your blood is enough to send me into bloodlust? That I have to stay away from you, because I want your blood more than anything else on this earth and that it takes everything I have not to go into your room at night and take my fill? What would you say then?”
“You’re not gay?” There were several other questions floating around in her head at the moment, but she focused on that one, because if he wasn’t gay then…then he was telling her something that she didn’t want to know.
He chuckled as he peeled one of her arms away from around him and brought her hand between them. He pressed her hand against the front of his boxers and moved it over his very large and very hard erection. His deep moan sent heat through her body. She gulped as she yanked her trembling hand away. He allowed it as he wrapped his arm around her and pulled her against him. His tongue ran from her neck to her earlobe before he took it between his lips and gently sucked on it. “No, baby, I’m not gay.”
Madison somehow managed to pull her head back. Ephraim raised his head and looked down at her hungrily. For which hunger she wasn’t sure, but both scared her. His eyes were red again and she knew that she was in a lot of trouble.
“Let me go, Ephraim,” she whispered, hating the way her voice shook.
He shook his head slowly as he leaned down again. “No.”
“Ephraim, I’m only going to tell you once to let go of me,” she warned, licking her lips nervously and wondering if she was going to be able to go through with this.
He ignored her as he kissed her neck again, almost hungrily. He covered her neck in hot, open-mouthed kisses that had left her dizzy. She could actually feel the tips of his fangs brushing against her skin with each kiss. His hands moved down her body until they were rubbing her ass, creating an ache that she would never allow him to relieve. A small moan escaped Madison, causing Ephraim’s hips to jerk forward.
Just a little taste. 
That’s all he wanted. She felt so good in his arms. He never wanted to let her go, he realized with a groan. He kissed her pulse, loving the way that it beat frantically against his tongue. He suckled gently and kissed the spot in silent apology, because he no longer had a choice. He had to have a taste. Just a taste and then he would stop, he lied to himself as he pressed his fangs against her neck.
“Don’t say that I didn’t warn you,” she bit out as she grabbed onto his hips to steady herself and with a grunt, brought her knee up hard between his legs. 
He roared in agony as he released her. She didn’t waste any time, standing around waiting for him to attack her and finish what he’d started. She shoved him out of the way and ran for the door, too afraid to look back. She ran through the bathroom, into her room only pausing long enough to shut her door and lock it before diving under her bed, praying as she went that the boogie man wasn’t real.
Chapter 10
“Shit,” Ephraim muttered as he spit the last of the vomit in the toilet and sat back on the tiled floor, still cupping his throbbing balls. 
“Damn,” he groaned, chuckling weakly, “that was more effective than sticking a finger down my throat.” Not that he planned on doing it again. 
Keeping a hand on his balls, he pulled himself up until he was standing. He wasn’t sure what was worse, the taste of food going down or coming back up. He grabbed Madison’s bottle of mouthwash and chugged it. He had to get the taste out of his mouth. After the last drop was gone, he burped and immediately winced when the action sent a shot of stabbing pain to the tip of his penis. 
He cringed when he realized that the next time he took a piss it would come out as pure mouthwash. Still holding himself, he stumbled into his room and retrieved his personal firearm. After checking the chamber, he stumbled back into the bathroom. Using the butt of the gun, he knocked on Madison’s door. 
No answer. 
That wasn’t exactly a surprise after what just happened. He still couldn’t believe how close he’d come to tearing her throat apart. Thank God, she’d kneed him in the balls when she had, because a few more seconds and he wouldn’t have been able to stop. 
“M…Ma…Ma…” he stuttered, forced to close his eyes and swallow as a fresh wave of nausea tore through him. “Mad…Ma-oh shit!” He stumbled back to the toilet in time for the mouthwash that he’d just consumed to make a reappearance all over the toilet seat and floor. “Fuck,” he gasped. 
At least it was a minty mess, he thought, chuckling weakly until the pain shooting down to his balls put a stop to it. Ignoring the mess, he went back to the door. “Madison,” he said through clenched teeth. It hurt so much to speak, but he had to do this. He could smell how terrified she was and he didn’t like it.  
Taking a deep breath, he forced himself to speak. “Madison, I know you’re upset. I’m,” another deep breath, “so sorry. I don’t want to hurt you,” he said, shaking his head before stressing, “I won’t hurt you.”
“Liar!” she yelled before she apparently remembered that she was supposed to be hiding from him and added a muttered, “Damn it!”
He had to smile. “I promise you’re safe here. To make sure that you remain safe, I’m leaving something for you on the bathroom floor. Put it somewhere safe, somewhere the kids won’t look. If you have to use it don’t hesitate. I won’t be mad.” 
He remained at the door for a minute longer, hoping for a chance to tell her how sorry he was in person, but in the end, he forced himself to walk away.
*-*-*-*
“Come on, come on…come on!” she muttered impatiently.
 She blew a dust bunny away as she waited for him to finally leave. A few minutes later, the faint sound of a car starting had her moving. She crawled out from beneath the bed and made a mad dash towards the bathroom. She had to pee, badly.
She jumped over something black on the floor and found her way to the toilet just in time. Going to sleep with a full bladder wasn’t easy, but somehow she’d managed it. Where was that lemony scent coming from? she wondered as she glanced around the bathroom only to realize a minute later when she spotted the cleaning rags on the floor that Ephraim had actually cleaned the bathroom.
As much as she would have loved to sit there all day and figure out what could have motivated him to clean the bathroom, she didn’t have time to waste this morning. She was already running behind. She stripped off her clothes and jumped in the shower, desperate to wash the scent of dust and sweat off her skin and out of her hair. Two minutes later, she jumped out of the shower, hoping to brush her teeth and hair in the same amount of time. She secured a towel around herself, reached for her toothbrush, and froze when she spotted a note taped to the mirror.
Madison,
I cannot apologize enough for what happened last night. I promise that I will never bother you again. I also don’t want you to feel afraid so please use my gift if you need to. The only thing that I ask is that you place it somewhere safe and out of reach of the children. If I give you any reason to fear for your life, don’t hesitate to use it. You won’t be able to kill me, but you will be able stop me long enough to save yourself. 
Your Servant,
Ephraim William Howard Adlard

“Adlard? I thought his last name was Williams,” she mumbled as she thought about everything that happened in the last twenty-four hours. 
She’d heard him mention leaving something for her, but she hadn’t been able to understand most of what he’d said. Frowning, she looked down at the bathroom counter, but didn’t find anything. She stepped away from the counter and looked around the floor.
“What the hell…” 
The black thing that she’d jumped over in her desperation to get to the toilet caught her eye. She cautiously picked the gun up, afraid that it would go off in her hands. She looked around the bathroom helplessly, having absolutely no idea what to do. What was she supposed to do with a gun? A wooden stake would have made her feel better. Even a bottle of holy water would have been more reassuring.
Carefully, she carried the gun into her room, terrified that it would go off, and looked around for someplace safe to hide it. When her gaze landed on her closet a few seconds later, she decided that it would have to do. She yanked the door open and placed it beneath the extra blankets on the top shelf. As she pulled her hand away, she couldn’t help but wonder what the hell was wrong with him giving her a gun? 
*-*-*-*
“Detention blows.” 
“No shit, asshole,” came another voice.
Madison looked up from her computer. “Hey, none of that now. You’re here to learn from your mistakes…whatever they are. You only have another hour to go so I suggest that you do some homework,” she said as she looked over her small group of detentionees. 
The group consisted of some of her favorite students. They were termed stoners, losers, and assholes by the students and even by the faculty. She didn’t care. She liked them, even the kid in the front row giving her the most exaggerated pout that she’d ever seen. 
Chris, her constant detention companion, was a laid-back kid and never gave her any problems. He was funny and didn’t bother trying to suck up to her like most of the students did. She was honest with him and he didn’t try bullshitting her. 
“Come on, Chris, don’t give me that look,” she said, chuckling when he added a lip quiver to his pout.
He was a funny kid. He was also what some of the kids called trailer trash, but he was nice. Well, as long as you were on his good side. There was no doubt that he could be a mean son of a bitch and no one in their right mind would provoke him. From what she knew about him, he never threw the first punch and he never got in someone’s face without a very good reason. Otherwise, he was one of the most laid back kids she’d ever met.
 “Miss Soloman, come on now. You know this is bullshit. That little preppy bastard beats the shit out of his girlfriend over the weekend and we’re paying for it,” Chris said, gesturing to his friends and the two unfortunate bystanders who’d had the misfortune of getting pulled into the fight. 
Sighing, Madison leaned back against her chair. “Tell me what happened.”
Chris nodded. “See, it’s like this. That little shit Mike gets away with too much. He steals, he cheats on every test, his parents hire tutors who do his homework and all the teachers know, but they look the other way because of his old man.” She’d heard rumors, but no one had ever been willing to confirm them before.
“He also likes to slap girls around. I warned him in the past to watch it, but clearly he thought I was fucking kidding. I found out this morning the little shit beat the hell out of Carol. When I asked him about it, he told me to fuck off and no one would believe me. Carol tries to hold him back and right in front of me while the teachers’ backs were turned, he shoved her to the ground.”
“He’s not lying, Miss Solomon,” Ed, a normally shy boy, said. He hardly ever looked up from his book. That in itself let her know that Chris wasn’t lying. Plus, Chris never bothered lying to her in the past. He’d also never complained about getting detention before. He’d bitched about how boring it was, but he never bitched about the punishment.
“Why didn’t Mike get detention for fighting?” she asked.
They all scoffed in disbelief. “Look at us,” Chris gestured to their worn clothes. “They’re not going to listen to us over that preppy prick. He and his friends come from money. The teachers don’t care. Plus, Mike and the pricks he hangs out with lied about the fight. They said that Mike was protecting her from me if you can believe that shit.” 
She didn’t. 
Chris would never hit a woman. Everyone knew that.
She nibbled on her lower lip and looked at her classroom door to make sure that it was still closed. “Okay, guys, everyone move to the back. Talk quietly and you can play those video games that you have hidden in your bags, but if that door opens, pretend you’re doing something constructive.” 
Chris winked at her. “Heart of gold, Miss Soloman.” 
They quickly went to the back of the room, leaving her to continue her search. She scrolled down the website that she’d found on the Adlard family. Surprisingly there was a lot of information about the family. The family was old and noble. They could be traced to the Roman invasion, but thankfully she didn’t need to go that far. 
After two months of being ignored, she’d got tired of waiting for answers. So, this morning she dug the note he’d left in the bathroom out of her purse and decided to see what she could find. It would have been easier to get her answers from him, but he was still avoiding her. Every time she waited to talk to him he ignored her. He walked right past her, pretending that he didn’t see her. If that was the way he wanted to act so be it. She could find the answers on her own. 
Remembering what he’d said that night, she limited her search to the nineteenth century, praying that he hadn’t lied about his name.
“Aha!” she said, smiling triumphantly when she found it a minute later.
“Is someone coming?” Ed whispered nervously.
“No, it’s fine,” she said without looking up. 
He’d probably stolen the name, she realized when she read that his father had been a Duke. According to this website, his first wife had been attacked by a mad man when she’d been pregnant with one Ephraim William Howard Adlard. 
She glanced up quickly to make sure that the boys weren’t tearing the place apart before she read on. After his first wife died, the Duke remarried a woman who was rumored to have beaten Ephraim and called him “the thing”. His second wife, whom she now liked to think of as “the bitch,” had given him five more children, three girls and two boys. According to family history, she’d pushed the Duke to disown Ephraim in order to place her own son third in line for the title. The Duke had initially refused.
The next paragraph was even more interesting. Ephraim had suffered from a weird medical condition that had left him looking like a little boy until the age of sixteen when he went into a coma. What happened to him after that was anyone’s guess. The website shared a few of theories and rumors that had been passed down from generation to generation. 
One rumor stated that he’d woken up from his coma changed into a man. He hadn’t resembled his brothers or father. He attacked a maid and had been dragged off by Magistrate Nichols and thrown in his dungeons. She wrote down “Nichols” and continued reading. His second brother had inherited the title and brought his brother home twenty years later. He’d still looked young, but unfortunately died a few years later.
The second rumor had him dying in the coma, which really wasn’t all that helpful. The third story continued from the first, but had him die at the hands of Nichols. The author believed the first story because of “the compelling evidence below.”
“Oh, a picture,” she muttered, worrying her bottom lip as she clicked the thumbnail beneath the picture. A large picture popped up on the screen. It was of a man and woman and their eight children. They were a beautiful family, but unfortunately it wasn’t very helpful. She was about to close the page when she saw the “next” button. She clicked on it and immediately felt her stomach drop.
She didn’t need to read the description beneath the picture to know who the man in the portrait was. She’d recognize Ephraim anywhere. His hair was styled differently and he had a beard in the picture, but that was him. According to the caption he was posing with his brother, sister-in-law and their children. Ephraim was reported to have died two months after the portrait was finished.
Shaking her head in disbelief, she typed in Magistrate Nichols. What she read next turned her stomach. Nichols was compared to Jack the Ripper several times. He’d lived to torture and kill under the protection of the government. He went missing in 1835. Years later a secret entrance was discovered in his house. It led to his infamous dungeon where it was rumored that he’d killed and tortured more than a thousand men, women and children. In a room that could only be described as a torture chamber, they’d found more than a dozen skeletons. One of those skeletons they believed belonged to Nichols’ based on a pendant found among the bones.
Shaking her head in disgust, she looked through the other pictures. She was looking at pictures of the tiny cells no bigger than her closet when it dawned on her that Ephraim had lived in one of those tiny cells. He’d survived years of torture and somehow came out whole. It broke her heart to think of the things that he’d lived through.
“Are you okay?” 
Startled, she looked up into kind green eyes. She cleared her throat and forced a watery smile. “I’m fine, Chris.”
He picked up the box of tissues off her desk and handed them to her. “You’re crying,” he whispered softly.
She wiped her face quickly. “Just a sad story on Yahoo.”
Chris nodded slowly. He didn’t believe her, but he wasn’t going to push her. “Stick with puppies and rainbows then, Miss Soloman. I don’t like seeing you unhappy.” With that he walked back to his friends, pausing only long enough to glance over his shoulder and make sure that she was okay.
A loud knock at the door sent the kids scrambling for their homework, except for Chris that is. He leaned back in his chair with his hands folded behind his head. 
“Yes?” she said, glancing back at the kids to make sure that they were all in their seats.
Principal Mason walked in. “I’m sorry to do this, but it seems that we have a bit of a problem.”
She stood up. “Problem?” she asked, shooting Chris a frown to find him glaring at Principal Mason.
“Yes, it seems that Carol’s parents came home from their vacation today. They saw her face and demanded to know what happened. So, they called the school and then they called the police. We need to settle this now,” he said, sighing heavily as he addressed everyone in the room.
Madison watched a muscle work in Chris’ jaw. “It’s okay, everyone,” she spoke to the class, but her words were meant for him. 
Locking his eyes on her, he nodded firmly.
“I want the six of you on this side of the room and behave yourselves,” Mason said, gesturing for the boys to move quickly.
She turned in time to see Carol walk in the room with her parents. They brought her to the other side of the classroom and stood near the windows. Mike, his parents, a man Madison had no doubt was a lawyer judging by his expensive three-piece suit, and several of the boys Chris liked to call “preppy” walked in next. 
“Please have a seat,” Mason said, smiling warmly and letting Madison know exactly where he stood. 
The lawyer gestured for his clients to go to the end of the room. “I’m sorry this should be cleared up soon.” Mason apologized at he looked pointedly at Chris.
Just when she didn’t think this could get any worse Ephraim strolled in the room, looking incredibly pissed. 
*-*-*-*
Ephraim walked past Madison, savoring her scent as he went. He’d missed her, which surprised him. People came in and out of his life all the time, and he’d never once thought of them when they were gone. He’d lost his brothers, his sister-in-law, nieces, nephews and countless acquaintances that he’d easily forgotten about, but for some reason, he couldn’t seem to forget about her.
He sat down at her desk and leaned back in her chair as he slowly looked around the room. He knew a few of the boys sitting to his left. They were good kids, troublemakers, but good. He didn’t know the last two boys in that group, but he would guess they were bookworms from the looks of them. He glanced at the large kid sitting in the front row and briefly met Chris’ furious gaze before moving on. 
The football player in the back wearing the cocky grin had his full attention, but he wouldn’t show it. Before he’d left his office, he’d looked into the kid’s background and found several domestic violence calls that had gone nowhere. He’d asked around the station about the kid and what he’d heard hadn’t surprised him. The kid was a piece of shit and everyone knew it, but thanks to the kid’s father and the high-priced lawyer looking at him like he was a piece of shit, they hadn’t been able to pin anything on him. 
He absently glanced at the computer as he shifted his attention to the young lady who looked like she’d gone nine rounds with Tyson. His jaw clenched tightly as he looked back at Madison’s computer. It seemed that he wasn’t the only one that had done a little research today. Without taking his eyes off the ragtag group in front of him, he clicked the back button to see what else she’d discovered. 
Shit.
She knew. 
Writing his real name had been a mistake, one that he was apparently going to pay for. He clicked the back button again and what he saw had him sitting up straight and struggling to take his next breath.
“Hey, can we get this over with?  I have practice,” Mike, one of his suspects, said.
“Shut it,” Ephraim said, forcing himself to relax as he stood up. He strolled over to Madison, keeping his back to the room.
“You’ve been busy,” he said softly.
 “Yes, you wouldn’t answer my questions,” she said with a touch of defiance that had his lips twitching.
“Print the pictures for me, would you?” he asked, reaching up slowly and gently pushing a strand of hair out of her face and loving the way that she stood there, glaring up at him instead of flinching away from his touch.
“Are you going to answer my questions?”
He nearly groaned at the reminder of his most recent fuck up.
 “Hey, I have practice!” his main suspect complained, bringing his attention back to the group watching them.
Ephraim looked over his shoulder in time to see Mike being pulled back down by his father. The little shit thought he was going to walk out on him, did he? Interesting. “Get out of that seat again and I’m hauling you in for questioning.”
“Don’t move,” his father whispered harshly. “And keep your mouth shut!”
Ephraim looked back at Madison. “Well?”
“What do you mean, well?” 
“Will you print the pictures for me?”
“What’s in it for me?”
His gaze dropped to her lips. “Whatever you want.”
“Tonight, we talk for two hours and you answer my questions.”
 “Two hours?” He could do a great deal in two hours, preferably with her beneath him, something that he was thinking about more than he should these days.
She nodded. “Two hours, and I’ll have those pictures blown up for you.”
“Fine,” he said, sighing heavily, because he knew that the stubborn woman wasn’t going to give up until he answered some of her questions. 
“Hey, should we have a lawyer, too?” 
Ephraim looked over his shoulder to find Chris shooting him a questioning look. He was a funny, laid-back kid who’d found his way under arrest every now and then for petty shit, mostly for beating up his mother’s boyfriends after they’d laid a hand on him or shoplifting so he had something to eat. Three years ago, the kid had caught his attention and he’d made it a special point to keep an eye on him ever since.
“No, right now no one is under arrest. I have a few questions to ask. Since your parents aren’t here I’ve asked Mr. Mason and Miss Soloman to stand in to make sure that your rights are respected. Is that fine with you?”
Chris looked at Madison and slowly nodded. The boy trusted her. Good. He was a smart kid. 
“If I have more questions after this, then we’ll make sure that your parents are involved. Is that understood?” he asked, already knowing that wouldn’t be necessary.
“Yes,” Chris said firmly as the rest of the boys reluctantly nodded.
“This is bullshit,” Mike said. “I’ll miss practice!”
“Yes, you’ve said as much,” Ephraim said dryly as he glanced at the young girl standing by the windows, staring down at the dull linoleum floor, trembling and terrified that her attacker was going to get away with this. He’d tried to talk her into going to the hospital, but she’d refused to go to the hospital until after this was settled. She also refused to name her attacker. 
That was interesting too. 
“I’m going to ask you again before I talk to these boys. Who attacked you?” He’d rather ask her in private again, but her parents demanded that they do it this way. They expected their daughter to be strong and do the right thing by facing her attacker head on. They were fucking morons.
Unable to look up, she reluctantly shook her head.
 “That’s what I thought,” he said with a sigh.
Mike shot to his feet. “This is a waste of time. I’m going to practice,” he bit out, getting to his feet, yanking his arm out of his father’s desperate grip and stalked down the aisle towards Ephraim with an expression that told him that the boy expected to walk right through him. 
The kid was six feet tall, large and obviously, an asshole. Ephraim was used to dealing with assholes. With his jaw set tightly, he walked forward. Mike paused, unsure of what he should do next. He probably wasn’t used to people staying in his way. 
“I’m not going to tell you again. Sit your ass down.” Mike crossed his arms over his chest in an act of defiance as he tried to glare him down. “Now!” Ephraim snapped. Mike jumped and scrambled back to his seat. “Don’t move again.” 
Principal Mason moved to stand next to the football players, making it clear to everyone in the room where he stood. Not smart. Ephraim glanced over to his left and found Madison leaning against the wall, standing next to Chris. She leaned over and whispered something to him. Chris looked tensed for a fight, but nodded.
 She’d told Chris to trust him and trust her to get him through this. Ephraim already knew that Chris was innocent. He’d known who was responsible for raping the girl since the moment Mike had stepped inside his office two hours ago. The scent of the girl’s blood had saturated into the boy’s pores, leaving their mark. 
“Detective Williams, if I could be of service?” Mason offered with a condescending smile.
 “Please,” Ephraim said as he leaned back against Madison’s desk, deciding to let the asshole hang himself.
“These are fine boys,” he said, gesturing to the football players. “Not one of them has a record or has ever been in serious trouble.”
“What the hell are you saying, Mason?” Chris demanded, moving to get to his feet when Madison put a hand on his shoulder. Ephraim tensed up, ready to tear the boy apart if he harmed a single hair on her head when Chris looked at Madison and nodded as he sat back down.
 “I’m not trying to point fingers here. I’m just pointing out that these boys,” he said, once again gesturing to the football players smiling smugly behind him, “are not involved in this. This has all just been an unfortunate misunderstanding.”
Ephraim leveled his gaze on Mason. The man obviously wanted to get in good with Mike’s parents. They were wealthy, connected and if memory served him correctly, they were also on the schoolboard. Mason was letting himself be led around by his wallet. 
Chris jumped to his feet. “Look at her face! You call that a misunderstanding? He beat the shit out of her!”
“Sit down this instant!” Mason snapped in outrage, his face turning an interesting shade of red.
“No! You’re talking about her like she’s nothing. Look what he did to her!” Chris yelled.
Ephraim ignored the little drama and focused on Mike’s reaction. He was chuckling and grinning like a fool. His buddies were even dumb enough to clap him on the back in front of Ephraim. That gave him an idea.
“Carol, I know you’re upset and that you don’t feel comfortable telling me who did this, but I have a favor to ask. Can you help me make sure that someone innocent doesn’t end up in my jail tonight?”
Still looking down at the floor, she reluctantly nodded. 
“Good,” he said, gesturing to Chris. “Come over here and sit in the front row.”
 “Go. It’s okay,” Madison said with an encouraging smile when Chris hesitated.
He returned his attention to Carol as he gestured to the boys in Chris’ group. “Now, from what I understand these five boys became involved this morning. Do you mind if I allow them to leave? If any one of them was involved in what happened to you just say no and you don’t have to say who it is. I’ll keep them here until I figure it out.”
“No,” Carol whispered, the word came out on a rasp before she cleared her throat. “They can go.” 
The boys noticeably relaxed and filed out of the room, sending Chris nods of support as they left. The football players stood up expectantly. “So, we can go too?” they asked, already heading towards the door.
“No,” Ephraim said flatly.
“What? That’s not fair.”
“Life isn’t fair. Get over it.” He looked back at Chris. “Chris, if memory serves me correctly, you’re sixteen?”
“Yeah,” Chris said, shifting nervously in his seat.
Ephraim nodded. He looked over at the football players. They were all seniors. “Are any of you boys under the age of eighteen?” When they shook their heads, he nodded and gestured towards the desks in front. “Good. All you have a seat. 
 “Carol, unless you’re ready to tell me what I want to know, you and your parents will have to wait in the hallway.”
“But we want to stay,” the girl’s mother protested.
“I’m sorry, but you need to leave.” When her mother opened her mouth to protest, he held up his hand. “I’m sorry, but I want her out of here. I also have paperwork in the hallway that I need you to fill out. Please,” he gestured towards the door. With a nudge from her husband, they finally left.
Ephraim watched the boys as he continued. “Mr. Mason, unless you are planning on staying on behalf of Chris, who is the minor in the room, I will have to ask you to leave.”
“I’ll stay,” Mr. Mason said, moving to stand next to Madison when they all knew that he was only staying in the room to protect his own interests.
“Miss Soloman, I’m assuming you’re staying for Chris as well?” he asked just to remind Chris that he wasn’t alone in this. 
“She doesn’t need to stay. I’ll handle this,” Mason said, gesturing for Madison to leave. 
“She stays,” Chris said firmly with a glare aimed at Mason.
“I agree.” Ephraim nodded. 
“Mike, your parents can leave. You’re eighteen and I don’t need them here to question you. However, if you feel that you need your lawyer, then he can stay.”
“He stays,” Mike said firmly with that smug little smile that Ephraim was dying to rip off his face.
“Fine,” Ephraim said lazily as he leaned back.
Mike’s parents left without protest. They trusted Mason and the lawyer to keep him out of trouble and get him out of this.
Ephraim casually made his way back to Madison’s chair. He sat down and watched the boys for several long minutes. Chris looked pissed and kept staring at Mike like he wanted to kill the little bastard. Mike looked cocky and carefree. His friends looked a little anxious, but seemed to think that this was all a big joke.
“Miss Soloman, would you please see if the officer in the hallway has some papers for me?” Ephraim asked, his gaze never straying from the boys.
“Sure,” she said with a slight frown as she left the room only to return a minute later holding a file. 
“Thank you,” he murmured as he took the file, making sure to run his fingers over hers, sending heat up her arm before he pulled the file away. Stunned and a little dazed, she went back to the wall, but not before he opened the file on the desk. It held several blank pieces of paper, but no one would see that unless they were standing behind him.
He made a show of looking over the file. “Good. They signed,” he murmured absently as he closed the folder and tossed it on the desk.
“Who signed what?” Chris asked, frowning in confusion as he shot Madison a questioning look.
“Mr. and Mrs. Goodwin signed the release form for a rape exam,” Ephraim said, focusing his attention on Mike, noting the way that Mike fidgeted, twice. The girl was underage so he really didn’t need her parent’s permission, but if it helped to move this along he would play it up.
“What?” one of the football players, swallowing nervously as he stared at the folder.
 “Let’s cut the shit, gentlemen. I already know what we’re going to find. She confided in her mother that this wasn’t just a physical assault, but a rape. In one hour, I will have her on an examination table and an hour after that I will have a warrant with all of your names on it,” he said, pausing just long enough for that to sink in before he continued.
“All of you will be placed under arrest and brought to the emergency room where your mouths will be swabbed for DNA.” He paused to run his eyes over the boys. “In twenty-four hours, I’ll have a match. I’ll also have several accessories if my hunch is correct.”
“What do you mean?” one of the football players asked, his voice cracking as he shifted nervously in his seat.
“Exactly what I said. If it turns out that it was Chris, then he’ll be headed off to Juvenile hall where he’ll probably stay for a year or two. Not too bad. But, if it’s Mike…” he said, letting his words trail off before he added, “You’ll all be facing prison.”
“That’s enough of that,” the lawyer snapped.
Ephraim’s calm façade didn’t change. “Your client and his friends are legally adults so I’m explaining what will happen if they are found guilty of raping a minor. I already have enough to charge these boys with her attack this morning. I don’t think I’ll have a hard time adding the rape charge to the assault if it turns out that Mike was the attacker.”
“She hasn’t talked so you have nothing,” Mike said, sounding cocky.
Ephraim chuckled. “Is that what you think?”
“Yes.”
“She doesn’t have to talk. She’s fifteen-years-old. She isn’t old enough to consent to sex. If they find any semen during her exam, the owner of that deposit will be facing rape charges.”
All of Mike’s friends sent his questioning looks.  Smirking, he shook his head. Oh, the boy was a liar. Ephraim already knew that the little prick raped her. 
“How about it, gentlemen? Care to talk or would you rather spend a little time in prison?” 
He took in the boys’ neat haircuts and fresh faces and smiled. “You boys will brighten up the place. I bet you have five guys each the first day offering you protection…for a price of course,” he finished with a wink.
“You said that she had sex with you! You didn’t say anything about rape,” one of the boys said, jumping to his feet. The threat of a gang rape was usually enough to scare young men into doing the right thing.
“Shut up, asshole!” Mike hissed.
“No fucking way,” another boy said, frantically shaking his head as he stood up. “I’m not going to jail because you’re a prick.” He looked at Ephraim. “I saw him hit her this morning. I can give you that much at least.”
“Go out into the hall and give the officer a statement,” he said, keeping his eyes locked on Mike as the boy nodded and rushed out of the room. The rest of the boys got to their feet and followed, leaving Mike and Chris sitting there, waiting nervously.
“Madison, I want you to take Chris and go into the hall,” Ephraim said, slowly standing up and walked around the desk as he pulled out a pair of handcuffs. His gaze never left Mike, who had taken on a desperate gleam in his eyes that Ephraim knew all too well.
“No, I’m staying,” Chris said, stepping away when Madison reached for him.
Enough was enough. He wanted Madison out of here. He looked at Chris, hoping a stern tone would be enough. “Chris, I want you to-” 
“Chris!” Madison screamed.
Ephraim turned his head in time to see Mike rush Chris with a large buck knife. “This is all your fault, you little shit!”
Madison jumped in front of Chris and pushed him back. A second later, Chris snapped out of his momentary shock and grabbed Madison and shoved her out of the way as Mike lunged for them.
Ephraim reached out, grabbed Mike by the collar and yanked him back. Mike swung around, surprised by the sudden jolt and collided into Ephraim. “Get her out of here now!” Ephraim roared. 
Chris didn’t waste any more time. He grabbed Madison and pulled her towards the door with a very frantic Mason on their heels.
He had Mike on his stomach and handcuffed in less than a minute, leaving his lawyer utterly stunned. “I-I-I…” the lawyer rambled on nervously as he stumbled back a step.
“Really helpful, asshole,” Ephraim said dryly.
Mike tilted his head up and gasped. “Oh, shit! I’m in so much trouble!”
Ephraim looked down at the black handle sticking out of his stomach. “Fuck,” he muttered. Just what he needed, a ride to the hospital for stitches that he didn’t need just to make sure that the little prick didn’t get away with any of this.
It also meant that he had to put on a show. He couldn’t walk around like it was nothing. It wasn’t. It hurt like a bitch. If the lawyer hadn’t been in the room he probably would have killed the little bastard. 
 “Get up, asshole. You’re under arrest,” Ephraim said as he grabbed Mike by the arm and yanked him to his feet.
He dragged Mike to the hallway and shoved him towards a uniformed officer just as everyone’s gaze shifted to the handle sticking out of his stomach. He heard several gasps and a few “Oh, shit!” 
He placed a hand over his stomach. “It’s fine. Just a little flesh wound,” he said though clenched teeth. 
He watched as Madison’s eyes widened and then rolled back in her head. “Somebody catch her,” he said as she fell against Chris, who did his best to lower her to the ground without hurting her. He would have caught her himself, but he was twenty feet away from her and people probably would have noticed him flashing to her. 
Sometimes it sucked to play human.

Chapter 11
“Stop squirming!” Mrs. Buckman snapped.
“You would squirm too if you had a mad woman trying to shove a bedpan under your ass! I told you that I can walk to the bathroom!” 
Mrs. Buckman narrowed her eyes to slits. “Fine,” she said evenly as she placed the offending bedpan under her arm, he really didn’t want to know where she got it, and headed for the door. “Just so you know, I know that the doctor ordered you to stay in that bed for a week so that’s exactly what you’ll be doing.” 
“Come on!” he snapped, throwing his hands up in frustration.
“You heard me.”
“I can’t stay in bed for a week!” Ephraim said. The battle was lost and he knew it, but he still had to try.
She pointed at him. “You heard me.”
“Then get the hell out of here and let me rest!”
She simply pointed at him again before she left, closing the door behind her. He spotted her helpers cowering in the hallway, thankful for small favors. He’d been snapping at everyone for the past week. They were scared of him and for good reason.
One whole week without blood. No, correction, one whole week stuck in the hospital with a healthy supply of blood and no way to get to it. It had been pure hell, especially in his condition. The little prick had nicked both his heart and his lung with that knife. 
Three bags of blood probably would have been enough to fix everything. Unfortunately, the rape charges against Mike were tricky enough without the girl’s testimony and they couldn’t press the battery charges since Carol still wasn’t talking. So, it fell on his shoulders to put the little prick away.
Attempted murder on a New Hampshire State Detective was no laughing matter. Mike was facing federal charges now. More importantly, it would be a long time before he used his fist on another woman. That was the only reason Ephraim played along.
He had to pretend to be knocked out by the medication the doctors injected into his body when that medicine had been poison to him. Every single drop of medication had to be destroyed internally. The more they pumped in, the weaker his blood ran until his veins were filled with nothing but poison. He’d reached that state four days ago. 
That operating room was just a clean version of Nichols’ torture chamber. He had to force himself to remain limp while the poison burned his blood and the surgeons sliced him open. He felt every nick, every pull and prod. The pain was unreal. He didn’t know what was worse though, the medication or the surgery. 
His only hope had been a transfusion. New blood would have diluted the poison in his system. When that cocky surgeon announced that he wouldn’t require any transfusions, because they’d stopped the bleeding he wanted to reach out and bitch slap him. He couldn’t. He had to pretend to be out. He’d been in so much pain that he’d begun sweating halfway through the surgery.
The doctors took that as a sign of an impending fever and pumped more poison into his system. It had successfully paralyzed him. 
Blood, all he wanted was blood and no one would give it to him. He told them he was hungry and they brought him Jell-O and broth. What the hell kind of meal was that? After the second tray they’d tried forcing on him, he began throwing the trays until they’d stopped bringing them. 
So, for six days he’d been stuck in a hospital bed with no chance of escape. Tubes and monitors had been stuck in him, tracking his every move. On all four of his escape attempts the damn things had gone off and people had come running. He’d almost cried. He needed to eat and a variable buffet came running in and he couldn’t have any of it. It was pure agony.
As was the first two days of visitors. Endless visitors came. People he didn’t even know came to see him. They all wanted to see how “their” hero was doing. After the first minute of each visit he’d “nodded off”. It was either that or let them see how hungry he was. Finally, he’d put his foot down and demanded to be left alone. Mrs. Buckman hadn’t been happy with that and told the nurses to ignore his wishes.
For the last four days, he’d had to put up with Mrs. Buckman and a few of the other renters. The children tried to come, but usually ran off within the first thirty seconds when he’d started screaming. Screaming was good, screaming made him feel better.
Screaming was also the only thing that saved them. He was starving. He just needed a few pints to force the poison out of his system and heal his wounds. His entire body itched from six days of nothing but sponge baths.  That was bullshit. How could they even call that a bucket of water a rag a bath? He smelled like a hospital and body and itched like crazy, and he felt fucking disgusting. He swore that he could actually feel the grime on his skin again. 
Blood. 
He needed blood, but since he was going to be stuck here for a week then he was out of luck. He hadn’t been here to accept any of his blood deliveries in a week. Every two days at three in the morning, blood was delivered by an unmarked van. 
After two no shows they wouldn’t make another delivery attempt until he contacted them with a new safe drop spot. With absolutely no hope of blood being delivered, he was going to have to suffer for another week. But that wasn’t his biggest problem right now. Going into bloodlust was. If he didn’t keep everyone out of his room he was going to attack someone. The urge to feed was quickly overpowering everything else and his control was almost nonexistent.
It would only take Madison for the last thread of control to snap. Then again, he probably wasn’t going to be seeing her anytime soon since she hadn’t bothered to visit him yet. She’d sent her apologies and flowers, but hadn’t come to see him. He’d tried to tell himself that it was for the best since he probably would have torn her throat out. 
His eyes drifted to the adjoining bathroom door. She could at least check and see how he was. That wasn’t too much to ask. After all, he’d taken a knife to the heart for her. She probably didn’t think it had been a big deal. She already knew that he couldn’t die, but she had no idea that he would still feel every ounce of pain and nothing could take the edge off his pain but blood. He was miserable and she couldn’t even bother to see him. He was pissed on top of already being pissed. 
“Fuck her. I don’t want to see her anyway.” 
But he did. 
He really did. 
Never mind that he craved her blood, he wanted to see her. 
 She’d been so damn cute when she’d attacked him with those biscuits. But, then again, he liked everything about her. She was funny, smart and kind. But, she was a human, a human whose blood screamed for him. He could never have her. She would never be his, he reminded himself. 
The reminder made him want to kill someone. He needed to hurt someone. This was too much. There was a reason that he didn’t allow himself to get attached to anyone. Once he was healed he was going to leave and start over somewhere new, somewhere safe, somewhere where he wouldn’t torment himself over a woman that wanted nothing to do with him.
“Wow, you stink.”
Ephraim forced his eyes open at that announcement. “What?”
“I said you smell,” Madison said matter-of-factly.
Even before his brain registered who was in his room his body did. His fangs dropped as his hands shot out and grabbed hold of her and dragged her down. He couldn’t fight it any longer. He was starving and his obsession was here. He didn’t even stop to consider if they were alone or if he could stop in time. He needed her too damn much to think straight.
Some part of his brain registered the fact that she wasn’t screaming. Actually, it felt like she was coming on her own, which he found a little odd considering the fact that she knew how dangerous he was.
“Here you go, open up,” she murmured as she stuck something in his mouth, making him go still.
He shifted his attention from her neck down to the object in her hands. He chuckled weakly. She’d stuck a straw in a bag of blood for him. He closed his eyes and moaned in relief as he slowly savoring the taste of type O blood hitting his lips, his tongue, the roof of his mouth, and finally sliding down his throat. 
“That good, huh?” she chuckled. 
He nodded, but didn’t stop until he became frustrated with the straw, which was slowing him down. He took the bag away from her with trembling hands as he pulled the straw out of the bag with his mouth and spit it across the room before slamming the bag to his teeth. 
“More,” he said around the bag as he emptied the bag.
“I guess you were hungry,” she murmured as she grabbed another bag and handed it to him. “Here you go.” 
For the next half hour she sat patiently by his side while he finished ten bags of blood. He couldn’t help but notice how adorable she looked in those cute little cotton shorts of hers. Finally, finished off the last bag with a sigh of relief.
“Feeling better?” she asked as she ran her fingers through his greasy hair, reminding him that he needed a shower.
“Almost,” he said, as he jumped off the bed with ease. All his strength was back and then some. 
Madison gasped. 
“What?” he asked, frowning as he followed her gaze and looked down, expecting to discover that his dick was sticking out. Instead, her eyes were glued to his chest. The wound was now completely gone, dissolving the stitches as it healed. 
He ran a hand over the area. “I need a shower,” he said, trying to ignore how badly his body itched from the phantom grime that haunted him.
“That’s putting it lightly,” she returned automatically. She looked dazed as she watched the last evidence of his wound disappear.
“Thank you for the blood,” he said lamely, feeling like a moron.
She shook her head, clearing her thoughts as she said, “You’re welcome. Just glad that I was able to intercept your deliveries for you.”
He paused at that. “You know about the deliveries?”
“I figured that you had to have blood delivered otherwise there would be an epidemic of neck bites. It was just a matter of waiting,” she said with a shrug as she gestured towards her room. “I bought a mini fridge to keep it cool for you.”
Her concern for him made him uncomfortable. “You didn’t have to do that, but thank you,” he said more harshly than he meant to.
She rolled her eyes and shook her head in disgust as she walked past him. “Forget about it. I’ll see you around.” 
“Wait!” he said suddenly. 
He had absolutely no idea what to say or do to her to make her stay, but he couldn’t let her walk away. Not now. Not after going an entire week without seeing her had damn near killed him. There he admitted it to himself. 
He’d missed her. 
Being away from her for the past week had been pure hell. It hadn’t mattered that he’d promised to stay away from her, because he’d never been able to keep that promise. When he was supposed to be keeping his distance from her, he’d been watching her, telling himself that he was only doing it to make sure that she was safe, but he’d been a damn liar. He hadn’t been able to stay away from her and now that she was here, he couldn’t stomach the idea of watching her walk away.
 “Well?” she asked, folding her arms over her chest as she waited.
He half stumbled towards the bathroom. Okay, he faked it, but desperate times called for desperate measures. “Sorry,” he mumbled as he made an exaggerated effort to walk into the bathroom. 
He risked a quick glance at her and found her biting her lip. Madison looked so adorable standing there, clearly debating helping him, which of course, he had to use this against her. 
He stumbled again.
“What do you need?”
He looked back at her and gave her a weak smile. “Could you wait until I’m done with my shower to make sure that I don’t black out?” There was no way he was going to pass out, but she really didn’t need to know that since it would only be counterproductive to let her know that.
For a moment, she looked as if she was going to refuse, but in the end, she simply sighed and said, “Go ahead. I’ll wait,” as she sat on the edge of his bed, prepared to wait.
“Thank you,” he said softly before continuing into the bathroom at an exaggerated rate. Once the door was shut behind him, he took the quickest shower of his life.
Ten minutes later Madison’s eyebrows shot up as Ephraim walked slowly back into the room. What the hell was he up to? she couldn’t help but wonder.
She wasn’t an idiot after all. This little trick had been attempted by Jill and Joshua many times over the years. The whole “I’m too sick to go to school” bit was wasted on her. 
If he was going to play then so was she. “You poor thing,” she gushed with a warm smile. His looked immensely pleased as she helped him into bed and made a big show of fussing over him. 
“What can I do for you?” she asked with a sympathetic smile.
Christ that was unexpected, he thought as he tried to think of something to keep her here. “My back is sore?” 
She cooed, “Of course it is,” as she gently gripped his shoulders and pulled him forward so that she could reach around him and run her hands down his back. He’d only suggested it to buy himself some time until he figured out a way to make her stay longer, but once her hands started running down his back he couldn’t get enough.
It had been so long since someone had touched him with any hint of affection. Other than the occasional hugs from his brother, sister-in-law, and nieces and nephews, there had been no one that cared about him. The women he’d slept with showed him nothing but desperation and need. They’d only touched him if it would somehow increase their own pleasure. He’d always felt empty and cold by their touches.
Madison on the other hand, her touches were unmanning him. There was no way that he could miss the way the way her touches affected him. They warmed him to his core. It felt so good and he prayed that she would never stop.
She had to stop herself from licking her lips as she ran her hands over his back. Since they’d moved here she’d imagined what it would be like to run her hands over his body a million times and now she was actually doing it and she couldn’t believe how good it felt.
This was meant to mess with him, but she didn’t care. She loved the feel of his warm, smooth skin beneath her hands. It was amazing how firm his back was. Somehow, she found herself leaning over him so she that could run her hands down the length of her back. It took a soft groan to snap her out of her daze and remind her that he was playing with her and clearly enjoying it. 
Madison pulled back. “I’d say you were fine,” she said coldly.
He looked up and gently grabbed her arm as she moved to pull away. When she saw his beautiful blue eyes filled with unshed tears it took everything she had not to cry, because the look on his face broke her heart.
“D-did I hurt you?” she somehow managed to ask.
“No,” his voice was hoarse. 
He looked away for a moment before looking back at her, destroying her. He looked so lost and vulnerable and she would do anything, absolutely anything to make it better. 
“Please, don’t stop,” he pleaded softly. “I know I don’t deserve it. I lied about being hurt…I just…” he licked his lips with a shake of his head and said, “I’m sorry,” before releasing her arm.
 “I’m so sorry about everything. The way I treated you that night,” he said, cringing at the memory of shoving her hand over his erection. “I was an asshole. You didn’t deserve to be treated like that and I am truly sorry. You don’t owe me anything, but would you please continue?” he asked softly and there was no doubt in her mind that it had cost him to show her any weakness and it touched her. 
She sighed as she leaned over him once again. “It’s fine,” she said, ignoring his apology. She knew what he was talking about and didn’t think it deemed an apology. Sure, he’d been crude, but she…
She pushed it out of her mind and focused. “I’m sure you’re sore from spending the past week in the hospital,” she said, giving him the out that he needed.
“Thank you,” he said softly, but she ignored him and focused back on what she was doing. 
After a moment, she couldn’t pretend that it didn’t felt good, really good to touch him again. She bit her lip to stop herself from leaning over and brushing her lips against his skin and savoring his touch. 
She was in big trouble here.
Her hands drew back until they reached his shoulders. Then as if they had a mind of their own they ran down his arms and up again. As she ran her hands over his body, Ephraim slowly laid back until he was sitting against the pile of pillows she’d placed behind him when she’d fussed over him. Their eyes locked as she ran her hands up his arms before she allowed them to run down his chest until she found herself running her hands over his stomach, loving the way hard muscle tensed beneath her touch. 
She was dimly aware of him pulling her leg over his lap so that she was straddling him. With his eyes locked with hers, he ran his hands slowly over her thighs, giving her a chance to stop him. She didn’t want him to stop, not when he touched her like this. She adjusted herself on his lap, making him groan, and it wasn’t until then that she realized what was happening. Her hands stilled over his stomach as she realized that she was sitting directly over his erection. 
She licked her lips, trying to stop the soft moan that threatened to escape her as his hands moved up her sides until they cupped her breasts through her thin shirt. His eyes never left hers as he ran the pads of his thumbs over her hard nipples. Her eyes threatened to close, but she fought against the urge. His expression was unreadable as he gently massaged her breasts. She watched as his eyes slowly turned from a beautiful calm blue to liquid red. 
Madison willed her hands to move as he teased her breasts and her breaths quickened. It felt so good. Several men had touched her in the past, but it had never felt this good. He gently squeezed her breasts, directing her to lean into him as her hands slid up his chest and into his hair.
“God you’re beautiful,” he groaned as he leaned in and took her mouth in a soft kiss. 
He didn’t push to deepen the kiss even though his body was screaming for it. This was too important to rush. He knew if he rushed her that she would run away and that was the last thing that he wanted right now. 
Breath catching in her throat, she found herself shifting on top of him, desperate for more. As she moved on top of him, he released her breasts and shoved her shirt up until her breasts were free. He tore his mouth away from hers and latched onto one hard nipple, tearing a gasp from her as she moved faster against him. 
Her movements were frantic as she searched for a release that she desperately needed. She felt herself get wet, something that had never happened with another man. An incredibly sexy growl escaped Ephraim as he reached down between them and ripped his towel open so that she could get closer.
She felt the difference immediately. Only a few seconds ago, he felt good but now that the towel was out of the way he felt heavenly. Without the towel, his hard shaft was pressed firmly between the lips of her sex. The only thing separating them now was her shorts and that wasn’t much. She couldn’t get enough, she realized as she moved desperately on him, struggling to catch her breath.
Ephraim’s eyes rolled in the back of his head as she rode him. Never in a million years had he expected this. The virginal Madison was wild on his lap. He could smell how excited she was and it made him harder than he’d ever been in his very long life. He gripped her hips and moved her harder against him.
Suddenly his mouth released her nipple as he dropped his head back and groaned loudly. “Ah fuck, Madison, fuck you’re so wet, baby.” 
She’d be embarrassed, later, but right now it felt too damn good to care. If possible, she began grinding against him harder. His grip tightened on her hips as he exhaled loudly and groaned, “Fuck it, my turn.” 
Before she knew what was happening, he had her on her back. His hand held one of her breasts firmly, pushing it up so he could lick and suck on her nipple while he began grinding against her.
“Ephraim!” she cried out as he positioned the tip of his erection against the damp cloth that covered her until it was pushing between the folds. He thrust gently against her, teasing her core with the cloth covered tip of his erection.
He groaned as he worked to pleasure her. Madison spread her legs even further for him while she ran her hands down to his ass and cupped him. He growled against her breasts. 
“Oh, please don’t stop,” she whimpered as she pushed back against him, too desperate to stop now.
He growled louder and moved harder against her seconds before she heard the sound of fabric ripping over their moans and the sound of his bed rocking. His erection was quickly creating a hole in her small shorts and god help her, but it felt too good to complain. 
In seconds, the large tip of his cock was inside her. A loud growl filled the room as the first sensation of being inside of her shot through him. She was unbelievably tight and so fucking wet and hot. He forced himself not to push further, knowing that she would hate him. 
Madison’s head dropped back and she moaned loudly as he raised himself up, making sure not to push further into her as he reached down so that he could rub his thumb over her clit. She grabbed the bed spread and started thrashing beneath him as she rolled her hips, trying to take more of him inside her, but he pulled back just enough to stop that from happening.
“Ephraim!” 
He licked his lips as he watched the orgasm tear through her and barely stopped himself from following her. It was the most erotic thing he’d ever seen. She was still climaxing when his fangs dropped. Gasping, he swiped his tongue over them and pushed them back. This was for her, not him, he reminded himself as he struggled not to give in and slide inside her so that he could fuck her and put himself out of his misery.
When she was finally done, she closed her eyes and slowly exhaled. She became aware of several things at once; She’d just had the most powerful orgasm of her life, the tip of Ephraim’s cock was inside her, and she’d just lost control over a man. Her cheeks heated with mortification as she slapped her hands against his chest and pushed him away. 
He felt the change in her at once and knew all that he had to do was kiss and touch her again and he could have her. Instead of doing what his body was begging him to do, he backed off and watched as she righted her clothes with trembling hands and walked out of his room without looking back at him. At the door she paused and mumbled, “Please forget this ever happened.” 
“Okay,” he reluctantly agreed to give her some comfort, but he would never forget. He couldn’t. Even now he wanted to bring her back into his bed and for the first time in his life he realized that he didn’t just want a woman for sex or blood.
He wanted all of her.

Chapter 12
“Is he still there?” Madison whispered. She didn’t know why she bothered whispering since he would hear her anyway.
 “Yeah, I don’t really think hiding helps,” Jill said, sounding amused as Madison reluctantly stepped out from behind the clothes rack with a sigh. 
“It couldn’t hurt,” she mumbled, kicking herself inwardly for her choice of escape tonight. She’d only come here to get out of the house. It wasn’t as if she had any money to buy something. Damn it, she should have just hidden in her room, again.
“Well, apparently it couldn’t help, because he’s coming over now,” Jill announced with a devious grin before adding, “I think I’ll go see who’s hanging out at the food court now.” 
“Jill! Don’t you dare…Jill? Get back here, traitor!” Madison hissed at Jill’s back, promising herself that she would get her back at her one day.
Ephraim stopped in front of her. His jaw was set and his normally beautiful blue eyes were cold. “You’ve been avoiding me.” 
She looked away and decided that that now was a good time to pretend that she was shopping. “No, I haven’t.”
“Yes, you have.” 
“You’re imagining things,” she said with a sad shake of her head.
“Am I?” He stepped closer and she retreated. “That’s what I thought.”
“What? I’m shopping,” she said in an innocent tone as she turned her back on him, but not before she noticed just how good he looked. He was wearing a blue shirt, black tie and pants that made him incredibly dangerous. His gun made him look dangerous.
“No, you’re avoiding me.” 
She scoffed. “Someone thinks highly of himself.”
“It’s not that. Over the past month, you ran every time you saw me or ducked behind something,” he said, gesturing pointedly around them. “You hide in your room, you ignore my knocks, and you leave an hour early in the morning or wait until I leave just to avoid me. You started eating in your room when I started coming down for dinner, and you haven’t used our bathroom in three weeks.”
Madison forced herself to casually walk away when all she wanted to do was run away like the chicken that she was. Being this close to him was screwing with her head. She needed to put some distance between them and figure out why he had this effect on her. 
It would be so much easier for her if she feared him, she realized with something close to a pout as she moved to another section.
“You’re doing it again!” he snapped as he followed her.
She chuckled weakly. “I am not. I’m looking at…at….” she stammered, wondering what the hell was she looking at only to realize that she was still in the woman’s section, although the clothes seemed to be a bit bigger here.
“So, when’s the bundle of joy arriving? I assume we’re talking Immaculate Conception here,” he drawled.
 “I’m looking for a friend,” she lied, praying that wasn’t a blush crawling up her neck and realizing that she was a horrible liar.
“How kind of you,” he said dryly. “I thought women only bought gifts for the baby.”
She shrugged and decided to go with the lie. “There’s no law that says I can’t buy something nice for my friend.”
“Of course not. So, what’s this friend’s name?”
“Uh…Betty?”
“Betty is very fortunate to have a friend like you,” he said casually.
“At least she’s not stalking me.”
“Who’s stalking you?” he asked as he thumbed through shirts.
She turned on him and hissed, “You are!” which only seemed to amuse him.
“Seriously?” she asked, shaking her head in disgust when the bastard had the audacity to laugh at her.
Still chuckling, he said. “I’m sorry but-”
“As you should be.”
“I came here to find some new shirts. I didn’t know that you were here. I’m not following you. You’re just paranoid,” he lied, partially. He did need a few new shirts. When Joshua told him where she was tonight that need became urgent.
Her eyes narrowed. “So, you’re saying that you’re not stalking me?”
He did his best to look innocent. “Of course not.”
She pointedly looked at his empty hands. “Then where are your shirts?” 
Damn. “I saw you before I found any.”
“Which entrance did you come in?”
“What is this, the Spanish Inquisition?”
“Just answer the question.”
“Fine, the front entrance.”
“Ha!” she snapped, causing a woman with a small child walking by to jump and scurry away.
He chuckled. “Easy now, you’re scaring the natives.”
She gestured calmly towards the front of the store. “If you came in through the front exit then you would have in at the men’s section and you wouldn’t have been able to see me over here at the other end of the store.”
Damn it. “I didn’t have to see you, Madison.” He leaned in, placing his mouth next to her ear. “Your scent calls me. It screams for me.”
She swallowed. “It could be anyone.”
He exhaled slowly, sending goose bumps down her spine as his warm breath tickled her skin. “No one and nothing calls me the way that you do, Madison. You’re my siren calling me to shore. You’re the only thing I desire.”
“I don’t understand. It’s just blood,” she whispered.
He sighed heavily, sending another rush of warm air against her skin. “No, I see that you don’t.” He ran his lips over her nape and groaned. She smelled so damn good that he couldn’t help but groan again.
“I’m not afraid of you,” she said firmly as the scent of her arousal hit him hard, damn near dropping him to his knees. 
“No, you’re definitely not afraid of me,” he said, pressing a kiss against her neck. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me,” he admitted as he kissed her again.
“Because you want my blood,” she said, biting back a moan of pleasure. 
His touch made her head spin. He felt so good. She liked everything about him and it was driving her crazy. She didn’t want to feel this way about him. She didn’t want to be her mother who fell for every guy that looked her way and made her life all about a man. She couldn’t lose herself like that and with Ephraim, she knew that she would if she didn’t figure out a way to put a stop to this. 
“Ephraim, if you want my blood I could give you some,” she offered, hoping that would make everything right.
He shook his head as he ran he traced the curve of her neck with his lips, making her gasp. “It would never be enough.”
“I could do it once a week,” she added, sounding hopeful.
His hands took hers in his and entwined their fingers. “It would never be enough for me,” he promised as kissed her neck possessively. 
She closed her eyes and her head dropped back. “When,” she licked her lips, “when will it be enough?”
“When you’re mine,” he growled against her skin. 
She gasped seconds later as cool air suddenly teased her neck, making her realized that he was gone. 
“As far as exits go that was a good one,” she muttered to herself with a pathetic groan as headed for the food court, more than ready to call it a night.
*-*-*-*
His words played her head later that night when she was supposed to be sleeping. What did he mean by “When she was his?” Did he expect her to become his cow, available for feeding whenever he felt so inclined? Maybe he meant to drain her, she thought as she punched her pillow, trying to make the damn thing behave before rolling back over onto her other side. If he’d said it to keep her up all night then he’d succeeded, because there was no way that she was going to be able to sleep now. 
“That’s it!” she announced to the otherwise quiet room as she sat up and kicked the covers off.
If she was going to be up all night then he was going to start answering her questions. She’d had those pictures developed and blown up as promised so he owed her two hours. She’d even had them framed and hung up in his room. He owed her and she meant to collect, now.
He wasn’t getting out of this tonight, she told herself with a nod as she stormed over to the bathroom door and threw it open only to gasp. Ephraim stood in the doorway with every muscle in his body tightly clenched. His eyes were a fiery red and he looked more dangerous than she’d ever seen him before. 
She took a step back.
“I told myself that if you opened that door,” he bit out as he looked at the bathroom door that she never should have opened and then back at her, running his eyes over her baby pink top and matching panties as he stepped into her room, “That I could have what I wanted. I waited three hours and no matter how much I told myself that I should go, I couldn’t leave, Madison.” 
 For the first time since this all started, she was afraid of him. He’d said her blood was his weakness and she’d ignored the warning. She thought that she was safe as long as she kept her doors locked and stayed away from him, but she’d been wrong. 
She slowly stepped away from him, realizing that she had to get out of here. The only problem was that he was faster than her and she doubted that she’d make it to the door before he was on her. That left the gun. Shifting to her left, she took a step towards the closet.
“Go away, Ephraim,” she said, hoping that he listened to her and left before she was forced to do something that she would make her hate herself for the rest of her life. She knew that he couldn’t die, but that didn’t matter. She didn’t want to hurt him. 
He took another step towards her. “I can’t, Madison, don’t you see that? I need you.”
“No, what you need is a pint of plasma. Go back to your room, Ephraim, and drink it from a bag.”
He shook his head. “No.”
“Ephraim, think about what you’re doing. You don’t want to do this,” she said, licking her suddenly dry lips as she took another step and then another. Thank god Jill had rummaged through her closet earlier and left the door wide open. 
“I do. Can’t you tell, Madison? I want you so badly I can’t breathe. I can’t think. Every thought is about you. Day and night, I think of nothing but you. It’s distracting and annoying as hell. Don’t you see? I can’t hold back any longer. I want you, Madison,” he said in a sultry voice. 
She moved closer to the closet. She just needed to reach up and grab the gun. Then shoot. He would be knocked out, hurt, but he would live and so would she, she told herself.
“I want you to leave, Ephraim. Now,” she said when she reached the closet.
“No, I know you want this, too. I can smell it on you every time you’re near. You want me just as much as I want you. I’m done playing this game, Madison. I’ve come to take what’s rightfully mine.”
“I’m not yours, Ephraim!” she snapped as she reached for the gun. 
He grabbed her, pushing her back the last few feet until her back was pressed up against the wall as she gripped the gun tightly in her hand. She could barely make out the outline of his body, but his red eyes glowed, piercing the darkness surrounding them. 
“You’re mine, Madison. You’ve always been mine. You just didn’t know it and neither did I, but you’re mine, sweetheart, all mine and I’m never going to let you go,” he promised in an erotic whisper as he shook his head slowly and he leaned in.
 Oh god, he was going to bite her!
The sound of the gun cocking was his only warning that she had the gun. He should have known that he was going to scare her, but he hadn’t been thinking clearly. 
He was now.
She pressed the muzzle of the gun into his side. 
“Step back from me. The kitchen’s closed so you’ll have to find your meal somewhere else,” she said coldly.
He slowly pulled his head back. “Madison?”
“I said move back, you’re not going to drain me tonight!”
“That’s what you think this is about?” he snapped, pissed.
He wanted her so much and she thought that he was doing this for her blood. How could she have missed the fact that she had him losing his fucking mind?
“Step back.”
“No, I don’t want your blood!”
She scoffed, “Liar.”
Hoping that this would end badly for him, he grabbed her free hand and brought it to the front of his drawers and guided it slowly over his erection. He moaned softly. “That’s why I’m here, Madison.” He ran her hand down his long length several times and she let him. She was so shocked by the turn of events and she was also very curious.
She would never admit that she’d enjoyed the last time they did this. He was so big, she thought, licking her lips. His erection was straining against the material of his boxers and she idly wondered if it would burst through. His forehead dropped against hers. He was panting and she realized that she was, too. She’d never wanted anything more than she wanted him at this moment. The pain from denying herself for so long was becoming too much. She needed him and she wanted him so much that she ached.
He dropped his hand away, but she didn’t stop moving her hand. 
“That feels so good,” he groaned as he lowered his mouth to hers and kissed her gently, taking his time getting her used to the feel of his lips. Without breaking the kiss, he took the gun from her, putting the safety on and returned it to the shelf.
His lips felt so good, but she knew that it was too good to be true. Any second now he would force his tongue inside her mouth and then it wouldn’t be so nice. That’s the way it always happened. She prayed it wouldn’t happen, but she knew it would, and depressed her, because she didn’t want this to end.
Ephraim’s thumbs hooked into the waistband of her panties and pulled, quickly snapping them apart without hurting her. She gasped, opening her mouth wide enough for him to slide his tongue inside and he did. He gently licked her lips and slowly darted his tongue inside. 
His tongue was warm silk. He moved it confidently in her mouth. It wasn’t rough and awkward or unpleasant. He teased and caressed her until she was moving her tongue against his, making him groan with satisfaction.
The cool air on her breasts was her only clue that he’d ripped her shirt off as well. His hands gently caressed her back and bottom before moving to the front where he slid his hands up her stomach and over her breasts, brushing her hard nipples with his palms.
She moaned and squeezed his erection. He groaned into her mouth. Curious at his reaction she stopped touching him and shoved his underwear down, freeing him. It sprang free, slapping against her stomach. 
He brushed her hand away as she reached for it again. 
“My turn.” 
“What?” She sounded dazed.
“My turn,” he simply said as he pressed hot open mouthed kisses down her neck to her breast. He kissed and licked her breast, ignoring her nipple, driving her crazy. Her nipple became painfully hard. She squirmed and moaned, desperate for his touch. Soon his hands joined his mouth and cupped her breasts, gently squeezing and caressing her, but they also ignored her nipples.
Just when she thought he was going to finally relieve the ache, he moved his mouth to the next breast and did the same thing until he closed her eyes and whimpered, “Please, Ephraim!”
He chuckled against her skin. Seconds later, his wet tongue flicked over her sensitive nipple, making her moan, because it felt incredible. 
“Is this what you want?”
“Yes!” she practically yelled as his lips wrapped around a nipple, pulling it into his mouth where he suckled it hard while flicking his tongue against it. He pinched and twisted her other nipple between his fingers, causing the ache between her legs to intensify until she moaned and gasped as she shifted for more.
Ephraim’s mouth left her breasts to his very capable hands as he licked and kissed his way down her stomach. She tried to close her legs out of embarrassment, but he wasn’t having it. He pressed kisses below her navel until he had her moaning his name and slowly opened her legs for him. 
He kissed his way down until he could trace her slit with the tip of his tongue. She was wet and he couldn’t get enough of her. He had to have more. Groaning, he pushed his tongue inside her. She moaned as he ran his tongue around her core. 
He felt her go tense as he licked her. She held herself still as he imagined how good it would feel to have her to ride his mouth. The thought had his cock jumping in anticipation as he slid his tongue inside her, fucking her slowly before he pulled his mouth away, making her whimper. “It’s okay, baby. Put your leg over my shoulder.” 
When she didn’t move, he moved her leg for her, hitching it over his shoulder. She looked confused and a little bit nervous. “It’s okay,” he promised her.
His hands left her breasts to cup her bottom. He slid his tongue back inside of her, making her moan loudly. His hands gripped her bottom tightly, moving her against his mouth. It took only a few seconds for Madison to follow his lead. She used her leg on his back as leverage to tentatively move herself against his mouth, but soon she was moving all on her own.
She couldn’t believe she was doing this. Later when she thought about this she would die of humiliation, but right now she would die if she stopped. It felt so good. His tongue felt incredible sliding inside her. He moaned, sending pleasure through her core. She moved harder against him, she couldn’t help it, and he didn’t seem to mind. Actually, he seemed to love it judging by the way he fucked her harder.
“Ephraim,” she moaned with her eyes closed as she ground herself against his mouth in a circular motion. He flicked his tongue inside of her hard, making her grab onto his head when her legs threatened to give out. She looked down to see two beautiful, glowing red eyes watching her and it sent her over the edge. 
She held on for dear life as an orgasm ripped through her. She screamed his name over and over again until she was too weak to move. Still he didn’t stop, but he licked her more softly. He focused on teasing her until she was panting and crying his name. It was too much, too soon. 
“Ephraim, no…please…I can’t do that again…it’s too much,” she panted, gasping for breath as she used her hold to pull him away.
He pressed a soft kiss against her slit as he stood up, wiping his mouth clean as he went. “Shh, it’s okay,” he whispered as he picked her up in his arms and carried her to the bed. He laid her down before he crawled in next to her and pulled her into his arms.
Smiling, she pressed lazy kisses to his chin, unable to help herself. “Mmmm, that was so good, Ephraim. Thank you,” she said sleepily.
He chuckled. “You’re very welcome.” 
“Your eyes are still red,” she noted with a yawn.
“Are you tired, sweetheart?” He pressed a kiss to her forehead.
“Mmmhmm.” Her eyes closed. 
She wasn’t going to sleep. Not yet. 
“Can I have a goodnight kiss then?” he asked softly.
She turned to face him with a sweet, sleepy smile. “Mmmhmmm.” 
He placed his hand on her hip as he leaned in and brushed his lips over hers in a teasing kiss. He moved his lips over hers until hers moved against his. He slowly deepened the kiss and waited while she slowly woke up and the kiss turned hungry. 
Madison felt her body come alive again. It didn’t have a choice with Ephraim slowly grinding his hips against hers. He held her securely against him as he slid his erection against her slit. 
She was wet again. He could feel the evidence as it coated his hard shaft with each passing. She moaned into his mouth, letting him know that she loved the friction just as much as he did.
“Lift your leg,” he said quietly.
His hand was already pulling her leg up as he spoke. He pulled his hips back and moved forward, changing the angle until he was pressed against her slit and lowered her leg. It felt funny having his erection trapped between her legs and poking out the back of them. 
It stopped being funny when he began moving. “Oh, god!” she gasped when the move rubbed his erection against her clit with every movement and teasing her in a way that had her digging her nails into his back as she gasped. 
He cupped her breasts as he kissed her and thrust gently between her legs. New moisture pooled between her legs until he had her begging. “Please! Ephraim, please!”
“Please, what?” he asked against her mouth.
“Please!”
He thrust harder between her legs. “Do you want me inside of you?”
“Yes!”
“I want that, too,” he said quietly as he rolled her onto her back. Her legs came up around him, holding him tightly against her, desperate to keep him there and terrified that he would stop, but there was no chance of that happening.
“This is going to hurt,” he warned as he shifted himself between her legs.

Chapter 13
“I don’t care, Ephraim! Just do it please!” she cried. 
He chuckled softly as he positioned himself. He could see her. He could see everything. Darkness meant nothing to him. He saw everything as clearly as if it were day only in blue tints and he was never happier about that than right now. 
She could see his eyes in the dark. They were bright red and intense, but she couldn’t see his jaw set tightly or the look of possession on his face. She was his. She just didn’t know it yet. He slowly pushed in, watching the expression on her face as he slipped past her entrance. 
It was the tightest hold he’d ever experienced. He’d always dealt with women with experience. He was too afraid to be any woman’s first and he wouldn’t do it anyway. He was brought up to believe that if you bedded a virgin that you stole from her future husband. No, back then you married the woman you deflowered and that rule stuck with him even to this day. 
He had to force himself to stop when he came across the evidence of her virginity. Once he broke through it, she was his. That wasn’t what stopped him though. Once he broke through her maidenhood there would be pain and blood. 
Madison’s blood.
 He didn’t know how he would react once her blood hit the air. Why hadn’t he thought about this before? All he’d thought about since that day on the side of the road was burying himself to the hilt inside her body and of course, he would start to think clearly once he was actually inside her, he thought dryly.
“Ephraim, is something wrong?” she whispered nervously.
“I can’t do this,” he bit out, pulling back from her.
“Ephraim?” she said as her voice shook. “Did I do something wrong? Is it me?” 
Oh god, she was breaking his heart. “No, baby, you didn’t do anything,” he promised her as he somehow found the willpower to pull the rest of the way out of her. It was the most difficult thing he’d ever done in his life. 
He turned his back on her and sat on the edge of the bed. His hands clenched into fists as he fought for control. He dropped his head and tried to calm down as his body trembled, desperate to finish this.
“Ephraim?” she said, moving across the bed until she was hugging him and in the process, which pressed her beautiful breasts against his back.
He groaned in agony. “Baby, please stop you’re killing me.”
“Stop, what?”
“Touching me.”
She pulled back suddenly. “You don’t want me to touch you?” her voice broke.
“I want you to touch me so much, baby. It’s all I think about, but we forgot something.”
“Condoms?”
He chuckled harshly. “No, I don’t need them. Disease can’t live in my body.”
“Then what?”
“Blood, baby, you’re going to bleed when I take your virginity and I’m afraid of my reaction once that happens. I don’t trust myself not to give into it.”
“Have you ever slept with a woman when she was bleeding?” she asked curiously.
He cringed. “I don’t want to talk about other women, Madison. I haven’t been with a woman in a very long time. They didn’t mean anything to me then and they mean less now.” 
“You’re the only one I’ve ever cared about. Believe me, if I didn’t I would have taken your virginity just now without a second thought. I can’t hurt you. I just can’t,” he said, dropping his face into his hands.
“Answer the question. Have you slept with a woman when she was bleeding?” 
He sighed, “Yes.” It used to be one of his favorite times to be with a woman. He loved tasting blood when it was mixed with a woman’s arousal. 
“Did you ever have a problem with bloodlust then?”
“No, I was always in control.”
“So, you never bit any of them?”
He ran his hands through his hair in frustration. “I never said that.”
Madison moved away from him. She sat in the middle of the bed and brought her legs up, hugging them. “If you bit them then why would it be a problem if I bled a little bit?”
His hands dropped back into his lap. “I bit them for pleasure and hunger. It was a way to get what I wanted and give them something in return.”
“Something in return?” she asked, sounding confused.
“A bite during sex makes the orgasm more intense. It also makes a woman’s blood rush faster so I can feed without her realizing that she’d just been my midnight snack.”
“But you never killed any of them,” she guessed.
“No.”
“So, then we should be safe.”
He laughed without humor. “No, we would definitely not be safe. Do you remember the day we met?”
“Yes.”
“Do you remember what happened at the car?” He looked over his shoulder to watch her.
“Yes, Jill hit on you. Joshua took ten years off my life with that question about sluts and you were very rude.”
He nodded. “Yes, I was, but you’re forgetting the most important thing.”
“What?”
“You cut yourself.”
“So?”
“So, it was only because there were two children there to make me stop that saved your life. The only thing I could think about was getting the hell away from you so I went inside. The further I walked away from you the clearer I was able to think, but even then, I had to fight the urge to go back. I remembered what I had at stake and what would happen if I took you. Madison, you have no idea how bad it was.”
“No idea about what? What did you have to stop yourself from doing?”
He only looked at her. “What, Ephraim? Tell me what the big deal was.”
“I would have jumped over that car and ripped your throat out and there wouldn’t have been anything in this world that would have been able to tear me off you until I had every last drop of your blood.”
“Oh, I guess that explains it,” Madison said dryly, trying to lighten the mood after that confession.
“I tried to explain it to you, Madison.” 
“Yes, you did.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t say that.”
“I don’t know what else to say. I can’t take any chances with you. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“And if I bled you would lose control?” she asked.
He nodded. “If you cut yourself right now you would have to run to get your gun and pray to god that I could hold myself back long enough for you to put a bullet between my eyes.”
She winced. “If you bled while I was inside you, while I’m already out control I would probably fuck you until you were drained.”
“Thanks so much for the gentle words,” she mumbled.
“I’m not going to sugarcoat it for you, Madison. You need to understand the dangers of being with me. You of all people need to know.”
“I still don’t understand that. Why me? What’s so different about me?”
He looked away from her. “I don’t know. I’ve never heard of this happening to anyone else before.”
“So, everyone’s blood tastes the same?”
“No, everyone’s is different.”
“How so?”
“Baby, can we do this at another time?”
“Are you okay?”
“No.” He shook his head. “I can’t think of anything but you right now. I need to leave the room before I do something stupid.”
“Oh, can you just answer that question?” she asked as she noticed for the first time that his body was trembling.
She heard his quick intake of breath before he answered her. “Some people taste bad, really bad. It could be because of disease, age, there are a number of things that could go wrong in the human body and they all show up in the blood.”
“Makes sense,” she agreed quietly.
“Let’s say a person indulges in sweets then their blood will be sweet. The same could be said about alcohol or drugs. I would taste that. Others…well, think of all the things that you do during the day, what you eat, what you drink, the air you breathe, the people who surround you. All of that effects your blood. It makes each person’s blood unique.”
“Okay, so all we have to do is figure out what’s making my blood different then I’ll stay away from it,” she decided. 
This should be simple enough. She would change her diet and cleanse her system. It might take a little while, but she could do it. 
Ephraim stood up. “Madison, it’s not that simple. There is nothing that you’re eating or doing that is causing this.”
“How do you know? I’m probably doing something that’s having this effect on my blood.”
Ephraim kept his back to her. She didn’t need to see how aroused he still was. It fucking hurt. 
“Madison, it’s nothing you’re doing. I can guarantee that by the fact that you’re still alive. If it was solely based on your blood then you would have been killed a long time ago. Just going out at night would put you in danger if that was the problem.”
“Maybe I’ve never come across a vampire before.”
“Madison, do you remember two months ago when I was at the bar and some of your friends dragged you in there?”
“Yes.” She wasn’t likely to forget that night. Every woman there seemed to have eyes only for him. And every drunk seemed to have loose hands for her.
“There were five vampires in there that night. If your blood had held even one tenth the power it holds for me, I would never have been able to keep them away from you. They would have ripped through me and everyone that got in their way apart.”
“Wait, you protected me?”
“Yes, of course.”
“If my blood doesn’t hold the same value to them as it does for you then why were they after me?”
He sighed. “You’re a virgin, Madison. Your blood is pure. It’s a treat. Plus, you are a very beautiful woman. They’d be fools not to want you.”
“So, I’m still a-”
“Yes, I didn’t take you,” he bit out as he moved towards the door. “I’m sorry about this, baby. Goodnight.”
*-*-*-*
Twenty minutes after leaving her room and he still couldn’t find relief. No matter how much he thought about her, the way she’d felt, the way she’d tasted and moved on his mouth, he couldn’t find relief. For the last ten minutes, he’d been stuck on the verge of release. 
“So, this is hell,” he said, sighing heavily as he dropped his hand away and took a deep breath. 
He needed to think about something else, anything to distract him and stop him from going back in there. Fishing. There was nothing sexual about fishing. Hooks, worms, dirt, rocking boat, rocking motion…Madison. God, damn it!
Madison’s bathroom door opened, followed by the click of the lock on his door. He listened as she turned on the shower. He looked at the clock to see that it was two in the morning. She never took showers this late. 
A sinking feeling tore at his gut. He’d hurt her. Somehow, he hurt her and she needed hot water to soothe the pain that he’d caused her. 
Shit! 
Thinking back, he may have been a little rough with his hands and mouth. He knew he hadn’t cut her with his fangs, because he definitely would have noticed that.
He heard movement against his door. “What the…” 
Why was she stuffing a towel beneath his door? He sat up on the bed and threw his legs over the side, watching the door. She was definitely up to something.
She was breathing hard and muttering something he couldn’t understand. He walked over to the door and listened closely. Water was splashing off her skin as he heard her step into the shower and thankfully, she started mumbling louder.
“Just do it. Don’t be such a wimp. Okay, no I can do this I can…okay…” she muttered as he stood there, frowning. 
What was she doing that required a pep talk? He found himself holding his breath. After a long moment she sighed and muttered, “I’m such a chicken.” He wanted to smile, but he was becoming a little concerned.
“Madison?”
She squeaked. Yeah, she was definitely up to something and she didn’t want him to know about it. 
“Be out in a minute,” she said in a strained voice.
“Are you okay?”
“Oh, I’m fine. Could I bother you for something?” she asked, sounding disturbingly cheerful. 
“Of course,” he answered slowly.
“Could you run downstairs to the kitchen and get me something to eat? I’m really hungry.”
 “Sure, what do you want?” he asked, realizing that she was trying to get rid of him.
“Um, could you make some toast with butter? And a Coke?” She wanted him gone for a while, because she knew damn well that he didn’t know how to use a fucking toaster. 
“Sure. I’ll go right now,” he promised her, stepping away from the door, deciding to see where this went.
*-*-*-*
Madison listened as he opened his dresser drawer where he was hopefully grabbing some clothes so that he could go downstairs and give her a chance to do this before she lost her nerve. She held her breath as his door opened and closed before she heard his footsteps fading away. 
“Oh, thank god,” she mumbled.
It was hard enough doing this, she didn’t need Mr. Supersonic Hearing standing outside the door. She looked at the vibrator in her hands. It was Candy’s idea of an appropriate Christmas gift for her virginal daughter. Not that Candy knew she was a virgin. If she did Madison would never hear the end of it. 
Candy would push men in her direction and she would be forced to dive out the way to avoid them. The image had her laughing until she remembered what she was here to do. Forcing herself to focus, and praying that this didn’t hurt, she held the thin long white vibrator in her hand. It was hard and looked like it was going to hurt. 
Maybe she should select a different one. She’d only picked this one because it was the thinnest and didn’t really resemble a penis. She wanted this to be thought of as a purely medical procedure. Her hymen needed to be broken. With that gone, she could safely lose her virginity to Ephraim and she was definitely ready to lose her virginity. 
Breaking her hymen with a plastic vibrator that reminded her of a long finger was not losing her virginity, she told herself. She was just making it possible for them to make love without him losing control and ripping her throat open, she thought with something close to a whimper as she looked at the vibrator in her hands and felt her shoulders sag in defeat.
“Oh, this is going to hurt so much,” she nearly whimpered. 
Candy bought her an assortment of sex toys for Christmas, because she didn’t want Madison to rush off to some “loser,” because she was horny, her words, her exact words. It was a little flattering that Candy thought that she was too good to settle until she’d realized that Candy was just worried about her ending up with some loser that wouldn’t support her kid and Candy would somehow get stuck with another kid.
“Just do it,” she said to herself. 
She’d never used any of the toys Candy bought her. She’d thrown them into a shoe box under her bed where she fully planned on leaving them since she was too embarrassed to risk throwing them out. The thought of her Grandmother or Joshua finding them and mistaking them for a toy had her resigned to keeping them forever. 
She kept them and now she was using one of them to break her hymen so that she could sleep with her boyfriend, she thought with a wince. Well, he wasn’t exactly her boyfriend, but she wanted to sleep with him, desperately. He talked about his desperate attraction to her blood, but he didn’t understand her obsession with him. 
He was like a drug for her. She craved him night and day. So of course, she’d avoided him, but now that she finally had a taste of him she couldn’t hold back. She needed him. If this was the way to do it then she would just suck it up and get it over with. She took another deep breath, wondering if she was going to suck all the air out of the room while trying to talk herself into doing this. 
She squatted down and placed the tip of the vibrator between her legs. “Just a small pinch,” she told herself.
At least, that’s what she’d read on the internet. She’d jumped on her computer as soon as he left her room, trying to find ways to avoid bleeding. The only decent advice that she found was breaking the hymen on her own or going to see a doctor to do it. She would only bleed a little bit and that only happened when her hymen broke so here she was crouching down naked in the tub with a scary looking vibrator, ready to shove it up her vagina.
 Ah, a Hallmark moment.
After making sure that her feet weren’t going to slip, sending her flying on her butt, she pushed the vibrator in further and gasped. This wasn’t how it felt when Ephraim did it. When he did it, it felt good, smooth and wet. This was none of those things.
This hurt!
She felt dry and it was really starting to hurt. It felt like she was getting rubbed raw and definitely not in a good way. 
“Ow…ow…owie...ow…” she mumbled as she lowered herself a little more and found resistance. 
Finally!
She looked up, not that she couldn’t hear and feel the water hitting her, but she wanted to make sure that it was running. As soon as she broke through, she was pulling this horrible plastic finger out of her and washing herself. She needed to dilute the blood quickly so the smell wouldn’t carry over to Ephraim’s room. She just hoped the towel that she’d stuffed under his door helped.
 “This is it,” she said, trying to sound brave. She ran her tongue over her bottom lip and took several quick breaths. “Just do it.”
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Ephraim’s snapped, startling her.
She twisted too quickly to the side to look up at him and slipped, landing on the flat bottom of the vibrator, thus forcing it in completely. Sharp agonizing pain ripped through her and she released a bloodcurdling scream that was probably going to wake the house.
“Oh shit!” 
Blood streamed from beneath Madison and it took everything Ephraim had to ignore it and his fangs, which were throbbing at the sight and the smell. Madison was crying and somehow that was enough to keep him focused, somewhat. 
He dropped to his knees and gently pushed her back. Something white was sticking out of her. With two fingers, he gently pulled it out of her. It looked like…
Well, he wasn’t exactly sure what it looked like. It was a cross between a nail-less finger and a pen cap. This wasn’t a pen, was it? He turned it over in his hands, noting that the blood was already gone thanks to the water. 
“What is this?” he asked, frowning.
“What do you think it is?” she snapped. It brought his attention back to her. She was covering her face with both hands and crying. Thankfully the blood stopped running from between her legs.
It was clear that she’d broken her hymen. From the looks and smell of it, very painfully. She wasn’t aroused. It must have been so painful for her. This was his fault. He should have known that the stubborn woman would do something like this. He plugged the tub and released the shower switch, hoping that a hot bath would help her. 
Madison curled up on her side, facing away from him and sobbed into her hands. He’d fucked this up. It should have been special for her and she sure as hell shouldn’t be crying. He would have made this good for her. He’d already made sure she came first and that she was wet. He just couldn’t finish. She had to do it for him and he felt absolutely worthless.
“It hurts,” she whimpered.
He leaned over and kissed the top of her head. “I know it does, baby. I’m so sorry.”
“Should it hurt this much?”
Should he lie? Probably not. 
“No, baby, it shouldn’t hurt this much. It should have hurt at first and then if you were with the right man the pain would have gone away, leaving you with pleasure. You’d be sore afterwards for a day or two.”
“Oh, you’ve done this before?”
“What? Taken someone’s virginity?”
“Yes?”
“No. My brother was married twice. We talked about it, and of course other guys talk about it. No, I purposely avoided virgins.”
“Then why does it hurt for me?” she asked through a sob.
He kissed her again. “For one thing, you weren’t aroused. For another, you shoved this weird plastic thing inside you and if you’re dry that would really hurt. Then of course, there’s the fact that you practically slammed it into yourself.”
“That’s because you scared me!”
“I’m sorry, baby.” He kissed her head again.
“D-do I smell different now?”
“Huh?”
“Do I smell like a virgin still?”
He ran his nose over her neck. “Yes, but you smell slightly different. You still smell pure, but in a different way.”
“Oh, so I suppose this didn’t change the way my blood smells for you?”
“No, it didn’t, sweetheart. I still want you.” He saw her shiver. “Come on, sweetheart, let’s get you to bed before you catch your death.” He drained the water and picked her up, wrapping her in a towel and he realized that she couldn’t uncurl her body, probably because it hurt so fucking much.
He laid her on his bed. “Ephraim?”
“Yes?” He crawled in beside her, wearing jeans, because he didn’t trust himself. 
“Can you make this feel better?”
She wanted him to make love to her and make it go away. “No, baby, I’m not touching you tonight. I don’t know what damage you just did to yourself. So, until we do I’m off limits for you.”
“Damn it,” she said, sounding so disappointed and cute that he had to bury his face in her hair while his body shook with silent laughter.
She swatted him on the arm. “I know you’re laughing! You’re so mean! This is the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to me and I can’t believe you’re laughing!”
Chapter 14
“Oh, god this is the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to me,” Madison grumbled behind the curtain of hair that hid her face as she leaned forward. 
She’d hoped to come in and sneak out quickly. She waited two days for this appointment, too embarrassed to go the emergency room. Two days of pain and discomfort. Two days of staying home and lying to everybody about what happened. Worse, two days of not being allowed to touch Ephraim.
For the past two days, he’d been so attentive. He’d stopped by the house as often as he could to keep her company or bring her something to eat. He was so sweet and kind that it was killing her. To start their relationship like this was killing her. Not being allowed to touch him was torture. True to his word, he didn’t try anything. He wanted to, she knew that.
For the past two nights, she fell asleep in his arms with the evidence of his arousal pressing into her back or thigh.  He never pushed her or offered anything. The only thing he allowed her was heavy makeout sessions. Then he would stop abruptly before things got out of hand and head to the bathroom for a cold shower. So now she was sore and frustrated beyond belief, but that still wasn’t the worse part. 
Not even close. 
Ephraim’s laughing and joking about it was the worst part.
Once he’d discovered what that nail-less finger was and where it came from, he hadn’t been able to stop laughing. He wanted to see the box and wouldn’t stop bugging her until she showed him. Then for the next half hour, he’d made her laugh. He’d heard of vibrators and sex toys, but he’d never seen them up close before. 
Every time someone asked how she hurt herself or when Grandma offered to kiss the booboo better, the booboo being an upset stomach, her cover story, Ephraim would start laughing uncontrollably until she was laughing with him until she cried. Then he became deadly serious and held her or placed her in a hot tub, begging her to let him take her to the emergency room. When she refused, he doubled his efforts to make sure she was comfortable.
“So, you’ve actually been in the delivery room?” he asked the man sitting across from them as he held her hand loosely in his while he ran his thumb over the back of her hand.
The older man across the room beamed. “The first time she had to have me dragged into the room,” he admitted with a chuckle as his very pregnant wife gave him a playful slap on the arm. “The last two times they couldn’t keep me out of there. It’s so amazing. You’re going to love it.”
Ephraim seemed relaxed, but his hand told her a different story. It stopped moving. “Are the two of you expecting?” his wife asked them.
“No, not yet,” Ephraim said smoothly, making her wonder if she was the only one that heard the longing in his voice. “So, do they really let you cut the umbilical cord?” he asked, changing the subject.
“Yes, but you have to ask ahead of time or they’ll do it for you.”
 “Not to put you on the spot or anything, but do they let you watch the baby be born or do they use curtains?”
They laughed. “It’s fine. They can do either. It’s up to us to tell them how we want the birth to go.”
“Really?” Ephraim seemed enthralled with the subject.
“Murphy,” the nurse called.
“Oh, that’s us,” the man said, grinning. He helped his wife stand up as he threw a smile at Madison. “Good luck, Detective.” 
Madison barely stopped a groan. They thought they were trying to make a baby. Well, it was probably better than telling them that she’d hurt herself with a sex toy.
“Simply fascinating,” Ephraim murmured.
“It’s just childbirth, Ephraim. You can probably watch it online.”
“Really?” he asked, sounding excited.
“You didn’t know that?”
“No, I got bored with the internet when it came out years ago. I just use it now to send in my work. You’ll have to show me later.”
She sighed, “I promise.”
“Excellent,” he said cheerfully.
From beneath her veil of hair she said, “I don’t understand why you’re so excited about it.”
He looked around the room, looking excited. “Marc would have loved this.”
“Your brother?” she asked.
He never spoke about his family and she didn’t feel comfortable bringing it up, knowing that it was probably a painful subject for him.
“Yes, when his wife Hannah was in her first confinement he was really excited. We both were. We thought he could go in during the birth.”
She pushed her hair away from her face to watch him only to find him watching her. He brought her hand to his mouth and kissed it. 
“So, what happened?” She didn’t want him to stop talking. Granted, she didn’t want him to stop kissing her either.
“Well, we made plans. He had his favorite chair brought into the room so that he could sit back and watch. Hannah found out and made sure that we were both kept out. She hired five footmen to guard the door to keep him out,” he said, chuckling.
“I bet he didn’t like that.”
He laughed louder. She liked hearing him laugh, but she loved seeing him smile more. He didn’t smile enough.
 “No, he yelled and threw a fit. He reminded them that he was the Duke and he wouldn’t be kept out,” he said, effecting a deeply erotic British accent.
“Did it work?”
Still chuckling, he answered her, “No, his sister-in-law came out of the room and threatened to box his ears. Bertha told him to sit down or she’d make sure that he’d never get another chance to put a babe in his wife’s womb again.”
“What did he do?”
“Oh, he sat down of course. Bertha was a formidable woman” He leaned in closely and whispered, “She scared me.” She smiled, forgetting her pain and discomfort for the moment.
“So, he gave up?”
He shook his head. “Oh no, not Marc. He bid his time wisely. For the second and third babe, he feigned disinterest in the births. We went to his study to drink and play cards and told the servants not to bother us until the babe was out and ready for holding.”
“What happened with the fourth?”
“The fourth, that one was the key. The servants were now used to us hiding out in the study. That baby was part of his big plan and trust me when I tell you that he worked damn hard to make sure she got pregnant again. He was anxious to see his children be born.”
“When Hannah’s water burst, I helped him hide behind the changing screen. I made sure that all the candles were brought forward so that no shadows were cast. I wished him well and headed for the study where we were supposed to be playing cards.”
“So, he saw the birth? He must have been so happy.”
Ephraim chuckled. “Oh no, sweetheart, he was very angry.”
“Why?”
“He passed out as soon as the head appeared. Flat on his back and no one even knew that he was there. I found him two hours later while the house was in an uproar searching for him.” 
She laughed softly. “I’m guessing that’s why they had another child.”
“Yes, he wanted another chance. This time when he went into the room to hide, Bertha was ready for him with a broom stick. She chased him out of the house and through Rotten Row. I’ve never seen him run so fast in my life,” he said, chuckling.
“Did she get him?”
He leaned over, laughing harder and she couldn’t help laughing along with him until it hurt. That stopped his humor. He sat up, putting his arm around her.
“Are you okay?”
She nodded. “It’s just a little pain.” 
“Madison Soloman,” the nurse announced.
“That’s me,” she said before turning to Ephraim. “You don’t have to come in.” 
“Are you sure?”
She nodded. “I’m sure.” 
“Okay, I’ll be waiting for you here.”
She stood up and bent over quickly, clasping her stomach as pain shot through her lower body. Before she could sit back down, Ephraim had her scooped up in his arms. 
“Which way?” he asked the nurse.
“T-This way,” she answered nervously.
Madison buried her face against his chest. “I know, sweetheart, this is more embarrassing. I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay,” she mumbled against his chest.
*-*-*-*
“You can help her get dressed now,” the doctor said as she turned her back to give them privacy. 
Ephraim didn’t understand the need for that since the woman just had her head between Madison’s legs, but he wasn’t going to say anything since Madison seemed relieved. Once she was dressed, Ephraim leaned against the exam table while she sat with her legs hanging over the side. “Is she okay?”
The doctor turned around. “Tell me how this happened again.”
Ephraim cursed under his breath. He knew she wasn’t going to believe that he’d been too rough taking her virginity. He hated it more because it made him look like an asshole.
“Huh?” Madison’s cheeks turned a fiery red.
The doctor folded her hands in her lap and leaned back in her chair. “I can only help you if I know what happened and. I know this did not occur during natural intercourse.”
“Huh?” was the only response Madison seem capable of making at the moment. 
“This doesn’t leave the office, am I correct?” Ephraim asked.
“Of course.”
“I don’t want it written down either,” he said.
“We’ll see if it’s pertinent, but I need to know.”
“Huh?” 
Ephraim cursed again and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “It was an accident. She was…she…er…” He looked back at the door to make sure that it was still closed. “She used a device to break her hymen. She slipped and landed on it, pushing it all the way in rather quickly.”
The doctor winced. “And why did she do that?”
Okay, this was time for the big lie. Something more believable than Ephraim was afraid bloodlust would take over if he touched her. His mind froze. Why did women break their own hymen?
Thankfully, Madison chose that moment to come back to her senses. “He didn’t want to hurt me. I-I freaked out in the beginning, because he felt too big.” He had to stop himself from grinning, he really did. “And I was crying and he said he didn’t want to hurt me. So, I thought it would be better if I did it myself, only I slipped in the tub and landed on it. I just wanted to break through so that it wouldn’t hurt my first time.”
“I see,” the doctor said and Ephraim could see the humor in the older woman’s eyes, but she didn’t laugh. He had to give her credit. “That makes more sense.”
“Really? So, what’s wrong?” Madison looked more relaxed.
She looked at Ephraim. “You may want to hold her hand for this.”
Ephraim took her hand. “What is it?”
“You bruised yourself. I’m guessing you went down at an angle, because you’re only bruised on the right side.”
“So, it’s not my cervix.” 
“No, I’m afraid it didn’t get that far.”
“What do you mean it didn’t go that far? It went all the way in.”
“Madison, you have an unusually thick hymen.”
“Meaning?” 
“It only stretched a little bit to the right. The penetration was incomplete. This is very rare.”
She dropped her face in her hands. “Even after that it’s not complete?”
“No, I’m sorry. If you want we could perform the procedure right now. I can complete the tear with an incision.”
“I guess I don’t have much of a choice,” Madison whispered, sounding unhappy.
“If you’ll get undressed I can give you a little shot and in ten minutes I can take care of it.”
“And the pain will go away?” Madison asked, sounding really hopeful.
“Well, I believe a good amount of it will. The area is swollen and pulling at the hymen, what’s left of it. I think this will help yes, but you will still be sore.”
“So, it just needs to be broken?” Ephraim asked.
“Yes.”
“Will it hurt her if it’s done another way?” He didn’t want to see her in pain and he most certainly didn’t want this to be a medical event.
“I would say it would have to be done very carefully at this point and with great care,” she said, giving Ephraim a meaningful look. “I’m afraid it’s going to hurt her a lot more this time around.”
“Ephraim, just let her do it please. It really hurts.”
He pushed a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. “I’m really sorry about this, baby.”
“I know.”
“I can’t stay in here for this,” he whispered as he pressed a kiss to her forehead.
“I know that, too. Call my Grandmother and ask her to come get me please. There’s probably going to be some bleeding and I want to get home as soon as this is done so I can relax. I know you have to go back to work,” she said a bit slowly as she tried to get her message across.
His jaw clenched, but he didn’t argue. “I understand. I’ll see you later tonight.”
“Hold up. Doctor Hahn, will I still be considered a virgin?”
“Of course, this is just a matter of stretching tissue. In your case, it needs more help because of the unusual thickness, but you are still very much a virgin.”
Oddly enough that made him feel better. He would still be her first and he would make damn sure of that.
*-*-*-*
“She’s all set.” 
“Is she okay?” he asked.
Dr. Hahn nodded. “It’s better this way, trust me. With her problem, she would have ended up here no matter what.”
“Thank god,” he said, sighing with relief. 
He didn’t like the idea of her being in there alone. He wanted to know what was happening to her and to hold her hand, but he couldn’t. He’d hurt her if he smelled her blood and they both knew it.
“Where is she?” Mrs. Buckman asked as she hurried over to them. Candy was close behind, looking equally concerned, which was a bit of a shock. 
“Dr. Hahn, this is Mrs. Buckman and Emma Buckman, Madison’s grandmother and mother.”
“Madison is fine. She has prescriptions, one for pain and one for anti-inflammatory. Since she doesn’t have insurance, her best bet is to pick them up at the pharmacy on Reynolds Street. Also,” she pulled out a pamphlet and handed it to Candy, “she asked about a payment plan application. Have her fill this out and she’ll probably need a co-signer.”
He pushed off the wall he’d been leaning against for the last half hour and approached the doctor. “What do you mean she doesn’t have insurance?”
“I’m sorry, Detective. I can’t discuss that any further. You’ll have to ask her. I can only say that some of the school unions have harsh contracts.”
“Thank you,” he murmured. 
He wasn’t going anywhere until he saw her. Unfortunately, he would have to hold his breath the entire time and rely on the women to ask the questions to avoid scenting her blood.
“Yes, thank you, doctor,” Mrs. Buckman murmured, looking concerned. 
Candy looked over the pamphlet. “I can’t co-sign this. I have bad credit,” she said, quickly handing the pamphlet to her mother. Ephraim doubted Candy would have helped her out even if she had the money.
Mrs. Buckman sighed. “Don’t worry. I’ll figure something out to help her. I don’t want to see her stuck in a payment plan, but if it’s over five hundred dollars then I’m afraid she’ll have to use it. I need to have the foundation fixed and a new roof put on by next month.”
“She should be out soon,” Ephraim said, hoping to change the topic.
Mrs. Buckman looked suspicious while Candy looked resentful. “Ephraim, what is going on here?” Mrs. Buckman demanded.
“You better not have made me a grandmother, Ephraim. I’m way too young to have any grandbabies. I’m trying to find a good man and if I’m a grandmother that won’t happen,” she bit out with a glare.
“Hush now, Emma, this is about Madison not you. Now you tell me right now if my granddaughter is in some sort of trouble and you tell me now.”
“Mrs. Buckman, she’s fine. She hurt herself. That’s why her stomach hurt so I gave her a ride here today.” 
“How did she hurt herself?”
He shook his head. “I don’t know. You’ll have to ask her. I think she was too embarrassed to tell me,” he said even as he prayed that she came up with a better explanation.
Mrs. Buckman pointed her finger at him. “I’m trusting you with my granddaughter, Ephraim. The only reason that I haven’t asked her to move her room is because I don’t want to treat her like a child, but if I think for one minute that you’re mistreating her or making her unhappy in any way, I will-”
“I’ll move out in that case. I wouldn’t hurt her in any way,” he finished for her. That wasn’t what she was about to say, but it was better than the truth.
The door leading to the patient exam rooms opened and the scent of her blood slammed into him. Ephraim groaned as he stumbled back against the wall. The blood was too strong, he realized as he closed his eyes and fought for control.
“Ephraim, are you okay?” Mrs. Buckman asked, but he could only nod.
“Are you sure?” 
He nodded as he exhaled, slowly releasing the tainted air. His body relaxed, but he didn’t risk taking another breath. 
“Ephraim, what are you doing here? I thought you went back to work,” Madison asked as he opened his eyes to look at her. 
He couldn’t not look at her. It was as simple as that. 
He reached up and cupped her cheek and she answered the question that he couldn’t ask. “I’m fine. It didn’t hurt and I feel better.” 
He nodded as he leaned down brushed his lips against hers in a soft kiss. It was starting to become a little uncomfortable not breathing, but he was fine. He didn’t need to breathe. It was just a habit. The longer he held it though the more uncomfortable it would become. 
Madison looked at her grandmother and mother. “Oh, I’m sorry everyone rushed down here. I didn’t mean to make anyone worry.”
“Just tell me you’re not pregnant and I’ll be very happy,” Candy whispered urgently.
“I’m not pregnant, Candy. I slipped in the bathroom the other day and let’s just say that I didn’t land well. There’s internal swelling.”
Both women cringed. “Enough said,” Mrs. Buckman murmured. “What’s this about you not having health insurance?”
Madison’s cheeks flushed scarlet. “I have to be there for a full year before I’m eligible for that benefit.”
“Oh, what about sick days and vacation days?” her grandmother asked, deciding that now was the time to interrogate her, which he was more than fine with since he was wondering about that, too.
She looked away from Ephraim. She missed the last three days and thanks to the doctors note in her pocket, she would miss another two, but her job was protected. That was one small favor.
“No, no sick days or vacation days for a year.” 
“Honey, you can’t afford to miss work. You’re still paying off your student loans, not to mention your car insurance and your other bills. Do you still have your savings? Please tell me you have your savings. I know you didn’t spend it all on that Jeep of yours.” 
“Grandma, can we talk about this later?” she asked as her eyes darted to Ephraim. He looked oddly composed. Was he breathing?
“No, do you have savings to cover this?” grandma demanded as she gestured to the bill in Madison’s hands. 
“No, I put it towards my student loan, but it’s okay, Grandma. They have a payment plan here and it’s really not that much. Don’t worry about it.” 
Mrs. Buckman’s eyes narrowed on her. Her mouth twitched as she considered her granddaughter. She wasn’t satisfied with what she saw there so she snatched the bill from Madison’s hands.
“Nineteen hundred dollars for a doctor’s visit?”
Madison grabbed it back. “I had to have a sonogram to see the extent of the damage, blood tests, an x-ray, an exam and then a procedure. It adds up quickly I guess. Don’t worry about this I’ll be fine.”
“How? You’re not going to be able to pay your bills this month. I saw the note on that bill, young lady, it said no work for two more days,” Mrs. Buckman said.
“I’ll be fine.”
“No, you won’t. Even without that bill you’re going to be tight. Oh, sweetie, I wish you had come to me sooner. I would have tried to get you on my insurance.”
Madison quickly wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes. “I’ll be fine. Please stop making a scene.”
Well, the women certainly did his work for him. At least Mrs. Buckman had. He knew enough now. Besides, his lungs were starting to cramp from not breathing for the last ten minutes. He snatched the bill from her hands.
“What are you doing?” Madison asked.
 Without looking back, he walked over to the cashier and handed the bill and his bank card over. 
“All on this card?” she asked. 
He nodded and stood there waiting while she ran his card. “Sign here and you’ll be all set. Thank you, Mr. Williams,” she said when he finished signing.
Once again, he nodded.
“Oh wait, here are her prescriptions,” she said, handing them to him. 
With a nod, he took them and walked back to the women where he handed Mrs. Buckman the copy of the paid bill and the prescriptions. He wasn’t stupid. If he gave it to Madison, she would go back in there and demand they credit the money back to him. Then she would go and buy the prescriptions and put herself further in debt or worse, she wouldn’t get the medicine because she couldn’t afford it. 
“What are you doing? I can take care of myself,” Madison hissed, looking embarrassed.
He arched a brow in her direction and shook his head as he pulled out his wallet. He pulled out two hundred dollars and pressed the money into Mrs. Buckman’s hands. 
“We’ll pick up her prescriptions on the way home. Thank you, Ephraim,” Mrs. Buckman said with obvious relief.
He gave them a small nod on his way out. He held his breath for another twenty minutes, making sure the scent of her blood hadn’t lingered on his clothes. He had a bitch of a cramp when he took in his first breath. 
*-*-*-*
“Well, I think it’s very sweet,” Grandma said.
“Sweet? He just paid for my doctor’s bill. Sweet would be flowers or candy, not a nineteen hundred bill and my prescriptions.”
“He likes you. He’s trying to help you,” Mrs. Buckman said.
She groaned. “I know. I like him, too. It’s just that…well, it’s a lot of money and it just doesn’t feel right. I’m going to pay him back. That’s all there is to it.”
“Hey, isn’t that Ephraim?” Candy asked from the backseat of Grandma’s SUV. 
“Where?”
“Over there. He just came out of the insurance office.” 
“What on earth is he doing there? The police force pays for his insurance.”
A sneaking suspicion was forming in the back of her mind, making her groan, because this was definitely getting out of hand.

Chapter 15
Chris looked over his shoulder and groaned. “Miss Soloman, can’t you do something? She’s really bringing me down.”
Madison looked past Chris. Jill was still sobbing loudly into the crook of her arm. Frowning, she turned her attention back to Chris. “You’re in detention. It’s not supposed to be fun.”
“It’s usually more fun than this,” he muttered. 
Jill continued to cry as if they weren’t talking about her. Madison had to admit that it normally was more fun and today of all days she didn’t need this.
The big two-four and everyone forgot. There was no birthday breakfast, no birthday kisses, not one word, nothing. All she got this morning was frustration from not laying in Ephraim’s arms. This afternoon she was gifted with her sobbing fifteen-year-old sister and her favorite repeat offender.
“Maybe this will finally be punishment enough for you to stop acting up,” Madison said, knowing that it wouldn’t be.
“What it’s making me think about is punching that puke face Seth in his face. It’s all his fault,” Chris said as he ran a hand over his short brown hair to smooth it down.
“Don’t say his name!” Jill wailed from the comfort of her arm.
“Touchy,” Chris mumbled. He made a big show of looking around the otherwise empty room. “Come on, Miss Soloman, let us go home. It’s obvious that Jill needs to go home and cry and you need to go apologize to Detective Williams.”
Her eyes shot up from the paper she was grading. “What are you talking about?”
He laughed. “Oh puhlease, I saw you guys yesterday at the pancake social.”
“You were at a church social?” she asked in disbelief.
He waved it off. “Free unlimited pancakes, Miss Soloman, focus. You wouldn’t give the man the time of day. I saw the way he watched you and the way you treated him every time he tried to talk to you. I also saw the way you reacted every time one of those pretty little things came up batting their eyes in his direction. You were seeing red each and every time.”
“You have way too much time on your hands, Chris,” she said dryly.
With a huge grin, he nodded. “Tell me I’m wrong.” When she only glared at him, he continued. “That’s what I thought.” 
“Don’t you have homework to do?” she asked.
“Nope,” he made the word pop out of his mouth.
“So, what did he do to piss you off? It has something to do with last week, doesn’t it? You were gone for a whole week,” he said, puckering up his face with a thoughtful expression. “You know I still haven’t forgiven you for that. Mr. Darling ran detention in your place.”
“He’s nice.”
“He’s a tool.”
“Chris!”
“What? He is,” he said unashamed. “He actually made us get into a circle and express our feelings.”
She cringed. She could just imagine Chris and his friends, the usual occupants of detention, getting into that. “And what feelings did you express?”
He shrugged. “I told him that he was a tool.” She laughed. She knew she shouldn’t, but she couldn’t help it.
“I’m glad you’re both having such a wonderful time when my life is over!” Jill said in high drama that would have made Candy green with envy.
Chris snorted. “You’re fifteen. It’s high school. Get over it. It’s wasn’t love, it was infatuation. He got over it sooner than you and you didn’t take it well. Get over it. Learn from it and move on and stop wrecking detention for me.” 
Madison could only shake her head in wonder. Chris was a smart kid with a great deal of common sense. If only he could apply himself, she had no doubt that he would do well.
“I love him!” Jill cried.
Chris waved it off and turned his attention back to Madison. “So?”
“So?”
“So, tell me what happened.”
She sat back in her chair. “Chris, at what point did we lose the teacher and student relationship and wind up here?” she asked, gesturing between the two of them.
He shrugged. “You don’t cut me any slack and don’t take my shit. I respect you too much to treat you otherwise.”
“I’m taking that as a compliment.”
“As you should.” Chris gave her a lopsided smile.
A loud knock at the door made them both roll their eyes. “Come in,” Chris said loudly.
Ephraim walked in carrying a tray with two beverages and a white bakery box. “Detective Williams, have you come to make an arrest?” Chris asked pleasantly.
“Ah, Chris, I knew you would be here.”
“Bullshit.”
“Didn’t I?” Ephraim asked as he pulled one of the beverages out of the tray and placed it in front of Chris. “What’s written on the cup then?” he asked as he shifted the cup so that Chris could see his name written on the side of the cup.
“I’ll be damned.” He shot a glance at Ephraim. “You spit in this?”
“Yup.” 
Chris shrugged. “As long as you’re honest.” He took a sip. “Damn that’s some good hot cocoa.”
“I hear it’s the best.” 
He placed the other cup in front of Madison. “Are you still mad at me?”
“Yup,” Chris answered for her.
“I thought so.” He turned back to Chris and placed the bakery box in front of him. “Eat up.”
“I wonder what you’ve brought us,” he mused as he flipped the cover open and gasped, “You are the best Detective, ever.”
Ephraim reached into the box and picked up a large gourmet chocolate chunk cookie and brought it to Madison. “I’m really sorry.”
She took the cookie from him with a sigh. “Now’s not the time. I’m at work. I have to watch these kids.” And he did forget her birthday! Granted, she didn’t remind anyone, she never did. She liked it when her brother and sister remembered on their own and made a big deal. 
Chris spoke up around a mouthful of chocolate brownie. “I don’t mind.”
She waved an annoyed hand at him. “Go offer one to Jill.”
“No way. She just got dumped. She’ll just eat the whole box.”
“Oh, and what are you planning on doing?”
He looked affronted. “That’s different. I’m not eating out of depression, I’m eating out of starvation. I was in the principal’s office during lunch if you’ll recall.”
“And whose fault was that?”
His expression turned serious. “It’s the man’s fault. He’s keeping me down.” 
She looked heavenward. “Oh, heaven help us.”
Ephraim walked over and butted fists with Chris. “Fight the man,” Ephraim said.
“Damn straight.”
“Hey, don’t encourage him!” Madison snapped.
“I don’t need encouraging. I do well enough on my own,” he mumbled, devouring another brownie.
Madison looked down at her cookie and then back at Chris. “Why did he get a brownie and I only got a cookie?”
“Because I love him unconditionally and you’re making him sweat,” Chris said as he stuffed the rest of the brownie in his mouth.
Ephraim reached over and smacked Chris upside the head. “What?” he mumbled around another brownie.
“Give the lady a brownie. A good one.”
Chris mumbled something else, but did as he was told. Madison took the peanut butter brownie Chris was eying. He huffed at her and returned to his seat. After taking a long sip of his cocoa he spoke. 
“Before we were so rudely interrupted, you were telling me why you were mad at Detective Williams,” Chris said in a conversational tone. 
Jill sobbed louder. 
“What’s wrong with her?” Ephraim looked back. Jill was still sobbing into her arm. Her red hair was spread out across her small desk.
“Girl and boy date, think they’re in love then one day teenage boy falls for new girl in school with a big rack and her own car. Boy dumps girl, girl dumps contents of tray on said boy’s head.” He made a dismissive gesture with his hands. “Typical high school drama, now let’s move on to the good stuff. What did you do?”
“What makes you think I did something?”
Chris snorted. “You’re the guy. Of course, it’s your fault. Even when it’s not your fault, it’s your fault so dish.”
“Stop asking. He’s not going to tell you.” Madison fidgeted in her chair. He’s also not going to remember, she thought with an inward sigh.
Chris looked expectantly at Ephraim. Ephraim reached up and loosened his tie and unbuttoned the first button of his shirt. Madison watched, barely resisting the urge to lick her lips and had to remind herself that she was mad at him. 
They’d been fighting for six days. Well, she had. He just smiled and listened to her ranting. Then when she was done he had the audacity to nod and apologize, each and every time. He only got upset when she refused to allow him to sleep in her bed. Cuddle her ass. He wanted more than that judging by the way his eyes devoured her.
So, she started to ignore him. He didn’t like that at first. Then he just shrugged and ignored her back. Now, he had the nerve to show up while she was at work, looking handsome and bringing her delicious cocoa and snacks. Damn that man.
“Well?” Chris prompted.
“It’s nothing. He stepped up and helped her. He paid all her outstanding debt and she got mad at him, because she doesn’t like owing anyone anything, especially a man. He told her it’s a gift and not to worry about it and that she didn’t owe him anything. She’s hell-bent on having a fight about it and he’s too thick to see that. It’s not complicated and it doesn’t compare to my problem. Now give me a damn cookie I think I earned it!” Jill snapped.
Chris grinned like it was Christmas morning. “Yes, you did.” He brought her a cookie. “Very good, my young one. You’ve made Chris very happy with this little tidbit of information.” 
“You have a very big mouth, Jill, did you know?” Ephraim asked.
“Yes,” she said unashamed.
Chris rubbed his hands together in anticipation. “Now, let’s see. You had a fight over money. I take it she doesn’t have much being a single woman who put herself through college and raised two kids. That’s understandable and even commendable. And then we have the dashing young police detective-”
“Please you’re making me blush,” Ephraim said dryly.
“Who lives in a boarding house, drives a state car, and has no real financial responsibilities, so I’m guessing he has a decent amount of money and he wanted to help you.”
“Chris,” Madison said tightly.
He ignored the warning. “Obviously, something happened last week that put a great financial strain on you and he stepped up. He probably didn’t want to see you struggle anymore. It was a very nice gesture, one that can be seen in many different ways, but I doubt very much that he expected anything from you or did it to hold it over your head.” He ended with a shrug and another bite of cookie.
“Oh? And pray tell, o’ wise one, how you have come to this conclusion.”
He swallowed loudly. “Just common sense. He’s a good-looking guy, not as good looking as me of course.”
“Of course,” Ephraim agreed. 
Chris winked at him as he continued. “He moved here three years ago and obviously has had money since then or before then. There are plenty of women in town, beautiful women I might add, who have expressed an interest in warming his bed.”
“Chris!”
He held up a hand. “All I’m saying is he’s not lacking in looks or offers. If he was the type of guy who was just interested in sex he could have gotten that from anyone. He’s not trying to control you and seems laid back. I’m just saying that I don’t think he did it to hurt you. He should have talked to you about it I’m sure, but I have to say he meant no harm.”
“Thanks for the help, Chris, but I think you just got me in a shit load of trouble,” Ephraim groaned.
“Why? I’m just saying how it is. If you ask Jill, I’ll bet you she would come to the same conclusion.”
“And why is that?” Madison asked, unable to keep the irritation out her tone.
Chris shrugged. “Because she’s female and she doesn’t think it’s a big deal. Usually females that are prone to drama can sniff out a problem if there is one and blow it up. She clearly doesn’t see one.”
Jill nodded. 
“You both suck,” Madison said bitterly.
“Hey, can you say that to us?”
“She just did,” Ephraim pointed out.
“Okay then.” Chris said happily, grabbing another cookie.
The door flew open and Principal Mason stepped inside. He came to an abrupt halt when he saw Ephraim.
“Detective Williams, to what do we owe the pleasure?” His greeting was cordial, but his tone was cold.
Without missing a beat, Chris spoke up, sensing his favorite teacher might get in trouble for a social call. “Detective Williams is here for me.”
“Oh?” He eyed the white bakery box and cup with disbelief.
“He’s trying to butter me up so I’ll talk, but I’m not telling him shit.” He finished off the last cookie. 
“Watch your mouth, boy,” Mason warned. He turned his attention to Ephraim. “In the future, please remember to let my office know that you’re here.”
“I signed in as a guest, Mason, but I’ll remind you that as a State Detective I can come and go on state grounds as I wish.” 
“Fine,” he bit out. He knew Ephraim was right, but he was still angry about losing the support of Mike’s parents after the conviction.
“Well, it’s clear he’s not going to talk and there’s still an hour of detention left. So, if you’re done…”
“I’m afraid you’re right.” Ephraim stood up as Chris dropped his head back and groaned. 
“Another hour, if she starts crying again I’m jumping out the window. I’m sure Principal Mason will join me, seeing how he hates the sound of a woman crying,” he said a little loudly.
Jill picked up on the none-too-subtle hint and began crying again. Mason looked flummoxed. “I’ll just go now. It seems as if you have this under control, Miss Soloman,” he said before he leveled a look on Ephraim. “Detective.” 
A disturbing shriek came from Jill that sent Mason running for the door and thankfully, Jill immediately stopped once the door closed behind him.
“Well, well, well, I do believe that I’ve found someone that Mason hates even more than me,” Chris said thoughtfully. “Good to know.”
“Jealous?” Ephraim chuckled.
“Puhlease.”
Ephraim straightened his tie and bent over Madison’s desk for a kiss. She backed up. He sighed, “So, I see Dr. Phil here was correct. You are mad at me.”
“No, I’m not. I’m at work Ephraim,” she said, avoiding his eyes.
“Don’t you see that I care about you too much to stand by and watch you suffer?” He was reaching the end of his rope. Six days. Six days of nonsense over money of all things. He couldn’t believe it.
“Ephraim, please just go. I’ll see you tonight at dinner, okay?”
He backed off. “Don’t count on it,” he said with shaking his head before he walked away.
She dropped her face in her hands and took a deep breath. This was not turning out to be the best birthday ever. This couldn’t possibly get any worse.
“Unfucking believable.” Chris shook his head in utter amazement. “I’m stuck with two drama queens.”
Chapter 16
“Detective Williams, is everything okay?”
Ephraim turned his attention from the shop window to the elderly man behind the counter. “Everything’s fine, Mr. Watson. Is my order ready?”
Mr. Watson smiled. “Both of them are in fact.” He opened the large shop safe and pulled out a small velvet box and a long thin wooden box and laid them on the counter. “I wish you luck, my boy.
Ephraim placed the boxes in his jacket and nodded. “Thanks again.”
“No problem, my boy. You have a good night.”
“No chance of that happening,” he mumbled to himself.
He walked past the line of shops to the parking lot. Today was not going as he planned. He hoped she was over this so he could give her a good birthday, but she clearly wasn’t. Chris was right. She was looking for a fight. He wanted to avoid one at all costs. She didn’t understand and now he was pissed off.
He had no idea how he was going to smile through the next three hours of her surprise party. One thing was for certain, she wasn’t going to be happy with the gift he bought her. She’d just see it as an attempt to buy her.
His hand froze on the door handle of his cruiser. “Shit,” he muttered. He dropped his hand and turned around. A hand shot out to strike him, but Ephraim caught the very feminine hand before it made contact.
“What the hell do you want?” he growled.
The small petite blond just smiled as she pulled her hand back. She looked him over slowly. “I see the years have been very good to you, Ephraim.”
“What are you doing here in Rerum?” he demanded.
She gestured casually. “This and that.”
“Uh huh, why don’t I believe that?”
Eve placed a hand to her bosom. “Me lie?” She gave him a wicked smile. “Never.”
His eyes narrowed. “It’s just a happy coincidence that you’re here.” 
She stepped up to him and wrapped her arms around his neck. “Why? Didn’t you miss me?” she asked as she pulled him down and kissed him.
*-*-*-*
This day was just getting better and better. She paced the front of the school again, making sure to avoid Jill’s eyes. Jill seemed to take any eye contact as a signal to start crying. “I think your mom forgot to pick you up again, buddy.”
Chris threw the pebble he’d been toying with across the school’s front lawn. “She didn’t forget, Miss Soloman. No need to soften the blow for me. I told you a half an hour ago not to worry about it. You could have gone home then. You didn’t have to wait,” Chris said, his usual calm facade gone.
She considered him for a minute. He had told her not to worry about it. Normally he practically browbeat her to sit with him and wait for his mother. His mother was usually either late or sent someone else to pick him up, whatever loser she was sleeping with at the time. This was the first time that he told her not to worry about it.
He’d been in a good mood until she’d mentioned his mother. Then he slowly sank into himself. “You knew she wasn’t coming, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, so what?”
“Where’s your mother, Chris?”
“Doesn’t matter,” he mumbled.
“Chris.”
“Just leave it alone, Miss Soloman. I’ll be fine.” He stood up, brushing his hands off and tried to walk past her, but she grabbed his arm and pushed him back.
“Chris.”
“Let me go.” 
“Not until you tell me what’s going on.”
“Nothing.”
“Don’t give me nothing. Where is your mother?”
He turned his head and rubbed the back of his sleeve across his face. “Nothing,” his voice broke.
She gently cupped his chin and turned his face towards her. He was crying. She never thought she’d see the day when Chris cried. He was a tough kid. He had to be with his upbringing. He had a mother who abandoned him on a whim and no place to go but foster homes where rumor had it, he wasn’t treated very well.
“What happened?” she asked softly.
“Nothing.” He wiped his face again and tried to walk away. “Nothing important anyway.” He forced a smile. “Did I forget to tell you that I’m a man now? Yeah, good old Mom declared two weeks ago that I was a man now and didn’t need her. She was just waiting for the right moment. It didn’t hurt that the right moment came when Eric Bell left his wife and decided to shack up with her. Fortunately for me on that very day I suddenly became a man. Good thing too, because Eric didn’t want me around. Isn’t that great timing?” he asked bitterly.
“Oh, Chris.” She released his arm and pulled him into a hug. “Where have you been staying?”
He took in a deep breath. “The trailer. It was paid up until last weekend.”
She pulled away. “Where have you been staying since?”
“Here and there.”
“Chris, you need a home. You need food.” She looked him over. “You didn’t eat today because you didn’t have any money not because you were in the office. Mason might be a jerk, but he wouldn’t starve you.”
He shrugged out of her hold. “It’s fine. I have a line on a job. I can manage until I have enough money for my own place.”
She shook her head. “No, you’re sixteen, Chris. If you start working now you’ll quit school. You need a home. Does anyone else know about this?”
His tone turned harsh. “I’m not going into foster care.”
“No, I wouldn’t send you there. Is your mother still in town?”
“Yes, she’s staying with the bastard in the same trailer park. Can you believe that?”
“No, I can’t,” She sighed and looked at Jill. “Well, it’s time to go home.”
Chris mumbled, “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Madison grabbed his arm. “Let’s go.”
“Where are we going?” Chris asked cautiously.
“Home. Congratulations, Chris, you’re now a boarder.”
He smiled weakly. “Really? I’ve always wanted to be a boarder. Do we have any special powers?” he asked jokingly, but she could hear the tremor in his voice. 
*-*-*-*
“Why does he get to sit in front?” Jill whined.
“Because my mommy doesn’t love me and you won’t stop bitching. Now sit back and let me enjoy shotgun,” Chris said as he gently pushed Jill back with a finger to her forehead. 
“Jerk.”
“You know it.”
“Will you two please stop it?” 
Madison was getting a headache. For the past hour, she had to deal with this bickering. That wasn’t as bad as dealing with the manager of the trailer park who confiscated all of Chris’s things when he’d kicked Chris out a week ago. 
She had to kick herself. If she’d been at work last week she would have noticed that he was wearing the same clothes every day. When she asked him why he didn’t smell, he nearly fell over with laughter. Seems Chris was sneaking into the school every morning to take a shower.
After threatening the landlord with child services, the manager bitched and whined, but gave in. A large thrash bag full of Chris’ clothes now kept Jill company in the back seat. 
His mother was another issue. Madison didn’t know what possessed her or if it was even legal, but Madison refused to leave until the woman wrote a letter handing over custody to her. God, she was an idiot. Eric Bell and the manager were only too happy to sign it as witnesses. She groaned. What was she supposed to do with a sixteen-year-old boy?
“So, I was thinking since you’re my new guardian and all that I should call you Madison. Just seems more natural, don’t you think?”
She waved a dismissive hand. “Whatever, just not at school.” She wanted to go home and curl up in bed and forget this day.
“Of course, Madison. I would never call you Madison at school, Madison.”
“You’re enjoying calling her Madison, aren’t you?” Jill asked.
“Yes, I believe I rather am,” he said with a sniff.
“Oh, my god, Madison, pull over!” Jill shrieked, making Chris and Madison jump. 
Madison hit the brake, bringing the Jeep to an abrupt stop in the middle of the street. She looked around terrified that someone had been hit. “What’s wrong, Jill?” she asked as her eyes ran frantically around the front of the Jeep, looking for a something dead or close to dying.
“Megan’s over there,” she said, as she pointed past Madison. “I need to go talk to her.”
“You just scared the shit out of us for that?” Chris threw her a disbelieving glare.
Jill opened the back door. “I have to talk to her so get over it. See you at home, Madison.” With that, she closed the door and made a beeline for her friend.
“I didn’t want to say anything before, but your sister is a bit of a spoiled brat.”
“Shut up,” she groaned.
Chris laughed. A few minutes later they were driving through the center of town. “Whoa! Hold up! Go into that parking lot!”
“Chris!” she warned, she was not in the mood for games tonight. 
“Go in the parking lot!” Chris yelled. 
She stopped the car. “Fine.” She started to turn in the parking lot. “What the-”
“-hell is he doing kissing another girl that’s what I’d like to know.” Chris said as he bolted out the door and started running towards Ephraim, who damn well better have a good explanation for this.
*-*-*-*
Ephraim pushed Eve away. “Get the fuck off me.”
She stopped kissing him, but she kept herself pressed tightly against him. The window behind him shattered. He tried to move away, but Eve tightened her grip and kept him pushed against the car. Two large hands shot out and wrapped tightly around his arms and waist. Another set appeared from beneath the car and hugged his legs. Yet another was suddenly around his neck. He heard the movements, but too late it seemed.
Eve backed up, laughing. Her fangs dropped as she eyed him. Ephraim was normally stronger than any vampire, but three vampires holding him with vice grips was too much even for him. They were crushing him. The one on top had him in a good chokehold. 
He couldn’t move. “What the hell do you want, Eve?” He tried to struggle against their holds, but they wouldn’t give an inch.
She laughed lightly. “What the Master’s always wanted of course, Ephraim. Your blood.”
“I told you, Eve, my blood won’t change any of you. You’re not the first vampire to steal my blood. It won’t work!” It would kill her, but he wasn’t about to tell her that.
“I don’t believe you.” She moved back in and pressed a kiss to his neck. He tried to struggle. “Don’t be selfish now. I think you can share. Just think how nice it will be to share the sunlight with your closest friends. I just want a little taste before we bring you to the Master,” she purred before she sank her fangs into his neck. 
He squeezed his eyes closed and roared as he tried to pull away. She was sucking on his neck greedily, desperate for what she thought his blood would do for her. What she didn’t know was that a spoonful of his blood would kill her, slowly. The amount she was stealing would probably kill her within a few minutes.
She pulled back. “Well, boys, don’t be shy. If you wait until I’m done there won’t be any left,” she said with a smug look before she struck again. 
On the other side of his neck a new set of fangs sunk it. The man hiding in the car sunk his teeth into Ephraim’s side and ripped the skin violently. The one holding his legs did the same. They were too greedy to do this right. The blood was coming out too fast for them to handle, which meant that they were going to bleed him out for nothing and that he was probably going to ruin everything and tear this fucking town apart when he lost it. 
“Hey, asshole!” Chris suddenly yelled.
Ephraim forced his eyes open and looked over Eve’s head to see Chris running towards him. Madison drove up right behind him. The headlights hit him full blast. He knew the instant Chris saw the entire scene, because he froze on the spot.
Madison jumped out of the car and started running, but Chris grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back.
“Get out of here!” Ephraim yelled. “Go now!”
“They’re eating him!” Chris yelled.
“Let me go!” Madison fought against his hold.
She watched helplessly as four vampires fed from him. It didn’t look like they were being gentle. Blood was pouring from their bites and onto the ground, pooling around his feet. All the color in his face was gone. His head dropped back and she got a good look at a black man on the right side of his neck and a blonde woman in front of him, latched onto his neck. She was holding Ephraim by the back of his head so that he wouldn’t disturb her bite again.
Loud growls filled the air. She watched as the black man shook his head violently while keeping his teeth in Ephraim’s neck. Blood began pouring from that wound at a terrifying rate. 
Ephraim’s eyes closed as he roared, “Run!” It was soon followed by a scream of agony. The man on his torso pulled back, dissatisfied with the flow of blood and ripped into Ephraim’s arm.
“Ephraim!”
His head dropped to the side. He was out. The vampires tightened their hold on him so that he wouldn’t drop to the ground. They weren’t about to lose any blood.
“We have to get help, Madison!” Chris yelled as he tried to drag her back.
The blonde woman pulled back, smiling. The bottom of her face was covered in blood, which shined grotesquely under the headlights. “Oh, don’t rush off on our accounts we’d…we’d…” she started to say only to stumble over her words as her hand went to her stomach and her smile slowly disappeared. She moaned softly and then groaned. “Why does it hurt?” She dropped to the ground and started screaming. 
One by one the men released Ephraim to grab their stomachs. They were thrashing and screaming as Ephraim fell to the ground with a loud thud.
“Grab him!” Madison said when she finally managed to get away from Chris since he was too stunned to hold her at the moment. 
Madison reached Ephraim. “Oh, god no.” His throat was practically ripped out. He was covered in so much blood. “Chris!”
“Madison, you have to leave him! He’s going to turn into one of them.” Chris said as he watched the blond woman scream in agony.
“Chris, I need your help!” Madison cried.
That made him jump and reluctantly focus on her. “Okay, okay, okay, let’s just get out of here. We’ll bring him to the emergency room.”
“No, I have something else in mind.”
*-*-*-*
“A tub? Are you crazy? I can see his fucking windpipe and you put him in a tub?” Chris snapped as gestured wildly towards Ephraim. “He’s going to die, Madison! We have to get him some help!”
“No, he needs to be here.” She left him to go into Ephraim’s room and grabbed the key hidden beneath his DVD player and unlocked the mini fridge.
“I’m calling 911, Madison. He needs help.” Chris grabbed Ephraim’s phone and began dialing.
Madison lunged for the phone. “No, trust me.”
“Trust you? He’s dying and you want to do what? What the hell are you going to do?”
She turned her back on him and packed her arms with bags of blood. “I’m going to feed him.”
“A-are those what I think they are?” his voice sounded weak as he stared nervously at the blood in her arms.
“Yes, don’t worry, Chris, he’s a good guy.”
“He’d better be,” he mumbled.
Madison went into the bathroom when she heard wood snap behind her. “What are you doing?” 
Chris walked into the room, holding a homemade stake. “Sorry about the chair, but you understand,” he said with a shrug as he stood protectively over Madison with the stake raised and ready to drive it into Ephraim.
“Let me feed him and everything will be fine.”
“No one’s stopping you.”
“Punk,” she mumbled. 
“How are you going to feed him? He’s unconscious,” Chris pointed out.
“Good question. I could pour it down his throat, but he wouldn’t swallow. I need his fangs to come out.”
“He has fangs?” 
“Yes, now if I could get them to drop we’d be in business.” She gently pried his mouth open and pressed the bag to his teeth. 
“What are you doing?”
She sighed. “I was hoping his teeth would come out if he felt the bag against his mouth.”
“He needs to smell blood I bet.” Chris pulled out a pocket knife. “Here, cut the bag.”
She opened the knife, but paused. “He needs something stronger than bagged blood to get him going.”
“What are you talking about?” 
Madison pressed the knife to her wrist. “Just trust me.”
“What are you doing? No! Madison, don’t!” He reached for the knife, but he was too late. Blood began welling up in the area before she pulled the knife away.
“Now what?” Chris asked.
“I-”
Two strong hands clasped around her wrist and dragged her into the tub. She fell on top of Ephraim. Seconds later, her wrist was in his mouth and she felt two sharp points pierce her skin. She tried to yank her arm away, but he was too strong. One hand released her arm, but the other one tightened painfully around her arm.
She looked up to see Ephraim stare at her with fiery red eyes, looking absolutely helpless to stop this.
He watched in agony as Madison tried to pull away from him. He couldn’t stop. He couldn’t. Bloodlust more powerful than he’d ever known was taking over. His brain was screaming to release her, but he couldn’t. 
The scent of her blood called him out of the darkness. He hadn’t known what he was doing until her blood rushed down his throat. It was the sweetest, most enticing thing he’d ever experienced. It was a thousand times better than he imagined it would be.
“Let her go!” Chris yelled as he slammed a stake towards him. Ephraim’s hand shot out and pushed Chris away with a growl when he got too close to Madison. Even in bloodlust, Ephraim would never let anyone else hurt her.
“Please, baby, let go!” Madison was whimpering.
Ephraim pulled harder on her arm. He was going to kill her, he realized numbly. He brushed his free hand down her cheeks before dropping his hand away.
It hurt so much. If felt like her arm was being torn open and she couldn’t do anything to stop it. She was starting to feel lightheaded. Unable to fight it, she closed her eyes, waiting for the darkness to come. She heard a click and forced her eyes open, half afraid that Chris was going to try something foolish only to gasp. 
Ephraim held his gun against his chest. He squeezed his eyes shut before he pulled the trigger. The bullet shot through his skin and bone like a hot knife through butter, making a path through his heart until it slammed into his spine. His body slammed violently against the tub. Her arm fell away and she instinctively moved to cover her ears as Chris dragged her limp body out of the tub seconds before a river of blood ran free.

Chapter 17
“Wakey, wakey,” Chris said tauntingly.
Ephraim opened his eyes and swore. Chris stood at the end of his bed, holding his gun.
“Put that down before you hurt yourself.” 
“Sure thing. As soon as I know that you won’t attack Madison again I’ll just go ahead and do that.”
His head shot off the pillow. He tried to sit up, but was pulled short by his arms. “What the hell?” he asked in a daze as he looked at his hands. Both wrists were handcuffed to the iron frame of the bed. Four pairs of cuffs attached to each hand. “A little over kill, don’t you think?” he asked as he looked pointedly at the cuffs.
“Oh, I would say that anyone that could shoot themselves in the heart and fully recover two hours later should be tied to the bed with as many handcuffs as we could find.”
“Where’s Madison? Is she okay?”
“You mean after she passed out from the shock of you shooting yourself and of course let’s not forget the blood loss? Yeah, she’s peachy.”
“Chris, I’m not in the mood for this shit. Tell me where she is.”
“You’re no fun,” he muttered as he gestured towards the front of the house. “After the gun went off, grandma came running. Thankfully Madison convinced her that the gun you gave her for safety accidentally went off.” He cocked his head to the side. “By the way, you’re in deep shit with Mrs. Buckman for giving Madison a gun.”
“That’s the least of my worries right now, wouldn’t you say?”
“True. Anyway, Mrs. Buckman, or Grandma as I’m allowed to call her,” he grinned, “dragged Madison downstairs for a surprise birthday dinner. But don’t worry, I stayed and mended you to health when Grandma wouldn’t take no for an answer from Madison. We told her I was upset from my mom abandoning me and all that jazz.”
“So, she’s okay?”
“Yup.”
“Your mom left you?”
“Yup.”
“What a bitch,” Ephraim said as he managed to sit up.
“That she is, but not to worry, Madison is taking over.”
“God help us,” Ephraim muttered.
Chris placed the gun in the top drawer of the bureau. “She thinks you forgot her birthday you know.” 
“Fuck, I didn’t forget her birthday.”
“I know.”
His eyes shot to Chris. “Wait, how do you know?”
Chris rolled his eyes as if it should be obvious. “I found the boxes when I was taking your clothes off.”
Ephraim looked down at his body and for the first time noticed that he was clean and naked. “You cleaned me?”
“Hell no!” Chris said, disgusted. “Madison snuck back up to do that. Then she helped me put you in bed.”
“She didn’t see the boxes, did she?”
“No, I put them under your pillow before she turned around.”
“Good, thank you,” he said, relieved. “You think you could uncuff me now?”
“Sorry, man, I have orders not to do that. Madison said she would bring me a huge slice of cake if I left you cuffed.”
“You’re leaving me like this for cake?” he asked dumbfounded that cake held that kind of power over the boy. He wondered if it was like bloodlust.
“Well, that and you are a bloodsucker.”
“Shit. Did Madison explain it to you?”
He nodded. “Pretty much. I got the basics down. I’m to keep my mouth shut. Vampires really exist. You’re a Pyte, which I don’t completely understand what the hell that is except that you can go out into the sun and all that shit.”
“Anyone ever tell you that you swear too much?”
He pondered that question. “I believe it may have been mentioned a time or two.”
“What is it you want to know?”
“You’re going to answer my questions?” he asked, sounding surprised.
“If you promise that you’ll keep what I tell you between the three of us.”
“I will. I promise!”
“Okay then, ask away,” he said as he laid back and tried to get comfortable. 
“Okay, um how old are you?”
“Two-hundred and six years old.”
Chris’s eyes shot up. “Little old to be dating a twenty-four-year-old, wouldn’t you say?”
“Chris.” That one word held a world of warning.
Chris put his hands in surrender. “Relax, big guy, I’m just saying.”
“Say something else quickly if you want answers.”
“Hmm, where were you born?”
“London.”
“You don’t have an accent.”
“I lost it seventy-five years ago. Next.”
“How did this happen to you?”
“You mean how did I become a Pyte?”
“Yes.”
“My father was a vampire and my mother was a human. Somehow, she became pregnant with me. I think he feared for her giving birth to me so the last month of the pregnancy he did a blood exchange with her. It worked. She lived and I lived.”
“Did you come out with fangs?” 
“No!” he said, chuckling. “I was a normal boy, well a little weak and I didn’t age properly. Until I was your age I looked like a small boy.”
“Really? What changed?”
“I went into a coma.”
“For how long?”
“A month. Then I woke up looking exactly as I do today.” He looked at the handcuffs and smiled wryly. “Actually, I woke up very much in the same situation. I was chained to the bed after biting a maid.”
“So, I’m guessing you can’t die.”
“No.”
‘That explains it.”
“Explains what?”
“Why you shot yourself. You knew you weren’t going to die so you did it. Didn’t hurt you much, did it?” he guessed.
“Chris, it hurt like hell I can tell you that. I felt every single movement of that bullet as it broke through my skin, my breast bone, my heart and then when it stopped in my spine. If I had been a human there would have been an instant death. That pain wouldn’t have been felt. Trust me when I tell you that I do not want to repeat that particular event again.”
“But you passed out!”
“No, Chris, I didn’t. My eyes may have closed and my body might have gone limp, but I was not entirely out of it. I couldn’t focus on anything going on around me. I was in the beginning stages of bloodlust when I realized I was hurting her. If I hadn’t reacted when I did when I had some semblance of control I would have been lost and Madison would have died.”
“The bloodlust keeps me from thinking straight. If I’m deep in bloodlust the only thing that will stop me is blood or violence. When the bullet shot through me my body appeared to be shut down, but my mind was kept in a haze. I was aware of all the pain and the scent and taste of Madison’s blood. Time and blood were the only things that kept me from waking up still in bloodlust. If I had, I would be tearing this house apart, looking for her.”
Chris sat down on the edge of the bed, taking in what Ephraim was telling him. 
“Did you know it was going to hurt like that?”
“Yes.”
“But you still did it.”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“What do you mean why?”
“I mean why did you purposely put yourself through that much pain if you knew how badly it was going to hurt?”
“Because I was hurting Madison.”
“Why didn’t you just let go? I know she said her blood was your weakness and all, but if you knew you were hurting her you could have let go.”
“Not with bloodlust coming on I couldn’t. I wasn’t in control.”
“But you were able to shoot yourself.”
“I had to while I still had that little amount of control of my arm.”
Chris looked at the bedroom door. “What happened to those other things? They were vampires, right?”
“Yes, they were after my blood. I’m what you would call a day walker. Living forever is a plus too I suppose. They wanted my blood and it killed them.”
“So, that’s why you let them do it.”
“They trapped me.”
“You mean when you kissed that skank?”
Ephraim sighed, “I didn’t kiss anyone.”
“Are you sure? It sure looked like that to me.”
“Does Madison think that I kissed her?”
Chris stood up and paced the room. “Don’t know. She wouldn’t tell me what she thinks happened.”
“That would explain the handcuffs I suppose.”
“You think she plans on keeping you there until you talk?”
He sighed, “Yes. I still owe her two hours of answers.”
“She has two full hours of questions?”
“Well, probably not anymore,” he said, sounding thoughtful.
“Why do you say that?”
“Because she’s been standing outside the door for the past ten minutes.”
“Is that why you answered my questions, because you knew she was listening?”
He nodded. “That and you had a right to know if you’re going to keep my secret.”
Madison stepped into the room. “What gave me away?”
Ephraim raised an eyebrow. “I heard and smelled you.”
“Hey, where’s my cake?”
“It’s in your room. Go eat and take a shower. You have school in the morning.”
“I have to go?”
“Yes.”
“Damn it.”
“Goodnight, Chris,” Ephraim said.
“That cake better be worth it.” He closed and locked the door on his way out.
*-*-*-*
Ephraim gave her a lopsided grin and tried to look innocent. “Happy Birthday, baby.”
“Don’t try sweetening me up. Why didn’t you tell me that vampires were after you?”
“Well, in all fairness you never asked your questions. I can’t very well be in trouble for something that you didn’t ask.”
She pressed her hands to her forehead. “You know what, it’s been a very long day, a very scary, long day. If you’re going to joke around let me know now so that I can go to bed. I just want this day to end.”
“I’m really sorry, baby. I did try. I was trying to surprise you with a nice dinner with your friends. I had to stop off to get your gift. I didn’t know she was there until it was too late.”
“What was she to you?” she asked softly, afraid that she wasn’t going to like the answer. 
“Nothing. No one. She was the servant of a Master.”
“So, you never slept with her?” She met his eyes and noted that they were bright blue.
“Is that what this is about? Why you have me chained? I did not kiss her. She kissed me quickly before I could push her away. She did it to pin me to the car so the others could grab me.” He frowned. “I take it they’re all dead.”
“I don’t know. We didn’t stick around long enough to check. You know you just avoided answering that question.”
“What question is that?” he snapped. “This is getting a little old, Madison. Just ask the fucking question and get it over with.”
 “No need. I think I just got my answer,” she said, shaking her head as she turned her back on him. “Goodbye, Ephraim.”
“Goodbye?”
“Yes, goodbye.”
“Look at me!” he snapped.
Madison slowly turned around and gasped. His eyes were red, his fangs were down, but that wasn’t the problem. He was free. Somehow, he’d escaped the handcuffs without making a sound.
He climbed off the bed and stalked forward. “Do you think this is a game for me? Do you think I enjoy playing these fucking games of yours?”
She set her jaw stubbornly. “I’m not playing any games.”
“Aren’t you?”
“No, I’m not.” She refused to take a step back. She held her ground firmly. He stopped a foot away from her. Every muscle in his body was flexing with anger.
“You’ve been playing me since the first time that you realized that I wanted you.”
“How?” she demanded.
“You keep yourself distant from me and you look for every little reason to fight.”
“I do not!”
“No?” His eyebrows arched. “You’re mad at me because I paid off your debt so that you wouldn’t have to struggle for the rest of your life to fix your credit or scrape to get by.”
“I was doing just fine without your help.”
“Bullshit, I know the amount of debt you were facing.”
Through clenched teeth she spoke evenly. “I was doing fine. I didn’t need your help!”
“Oh no? I know you lied to your grandmother about using your savings against your student loan. If that was true they wouldn’t have been threatening to take you to court for nonpayment. Four months, Madison, four months you missed payments. You have the same problem with the insurance company. They stopped your auto insurance four months ago. They just forgot to tell the police that or I guarantee that someone in my department would have come for your plates.”
She looked away. “This is none of your business, Ephraim.”
“The Jeep is the only thing you own outright. What happened to all that money, Madison? You had over twenty grand saved up. The Jeep cost fifteen so what happened to all that money four months ago? Whatever it is you haven’t gotten out of trouble yet, because you fell behind on all your bills. You don’t spend any money on yourself. You don’t put money in the bank. Hell, you never seem to have enough money to put gas in your car. Tell me where the money is going?”
He leaned forward when she didn’t answer right away. “Tell me.”
“No.”
“You’re sending twelve hundred dollars a month to an online account,” he said, making her wince. 
“Yeah, I know about that. Who does it belong to?”
“That’s none of your business!”
He pulled back, smiling. His eyes were hard as stone. “Really? Not my business? Then can you explain how you plan on taking care of a sixteen-year-old boy on the meager two hundred dollars that you have left over after you send away the rest?”
“Leave it alone, Ephraim.”
“Is Chris going to have to continue getting his food in the same manner after all?”
“What are you talking about?”
He crossed his arms over his bare chest. “Oh, you don’t know? Here I thought you knew everything. Chris’s mother doesn’t give a fuck about him. She won’t send a cent to help him out.”
“She gets food stamps and has a job at a bar,” she said, even though she wasn’t counting on any help from her.
“Yes, she does. One would think she would use those stamps to buy the boy some food.”
“She doesn’t?”
“She trades them for money. For a lot less than they’re worth. Whatever she doesn’t spend on herself she spends on those losers she drags into her bed.”
“He looks healthy. I know he’s eating.”
He shrugged. “He waits until dear old mommy is on her back keeping the men busy while he lifts their wallets. She takes a cut of course and I’ve been dropping food off on their front steps for the past three years. He thinks the church has been leaving it.”
“I-I didn’t know.” She backed up now as he stalked forward.
“Tell me something, Madison, since you’re intent on pushing me out of the picture, are you planning on fucking for your cut as well? Might come in handy.”
She slapped him, hard. “Go to hell.”
His tongue darted out to lick up the blood on his lip. “You didn’t answer me. How are you going to take care of a sixteen-year-old boy when you can’t even take care of yourself?”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but I talked to Grandma tonight and she’s going to give me some hours here.”
“Scrubbing toilets? Yes, that’s perfect for someone with a college degree and a full-time job.”
“Candy offered to help me, too.”
“How?”
“She’s going to see if she can get me a position waiting tables.”
Ephraim didn’t dare move a muscle for fear that he would put his fist through something. In a deceivingly calm voice he asked, “Oh, and what percentage of your tips does she want if you get the job?”
“Twenty-five percent,” she muttered.
“Wow, you have a great mother, Madison. First, she overlooks you to fuck everything with a dick and then she leaves you to raise her two kids. Now she’s willing to have you strip so she can make a profit. I can see now why you keep your legs closed. She’d probably sell the grandkids on the black market the first chance she gets.”
When he expected another slap, she scoffed, “I don’t think we have to worry about that when it comes to you.” 
He suddenly turned his back on her. “Go away, little girl. I’m sick of these games and I’m done with you.”
She didn’t move as Ephraim viciously yanked on a black tee shirt and jeans. He sat on a chair, pulling on socks and shoes. “What are you still doing here? I told you to leave.”
“Where are you going?”
“You don’t get to ask that question anymore.” He grabbed his wallet, keys and left her standing there feeling like her world just ended. 

Chapter 18
“I told you already that I’ll pay you tomorrow. It’s just been hectic at work. They screwed up on the checks, but I’ll have it by tomorrow,” Jason, the man who moved in over a month ago, promised yet again from the hallway.
Everyone in the dining room pretended they couldn’t hear Mrs. Buckman in the hallway practically begging for the rent. 
“She’s going to have to raise the rent,” Mrs. Adle said. “I heard her talking on the phone to someone from the bank last week. She’s thinking of getting a mortgage.”
Madison dropped her fork. Great, just one more thing to worry about. Her grandmother was under too much financial pressure as it was and they were adding more. She should be paying her way and for the kids. Her eyes shot to Candy. She definitely should be paying. Guilt slammed into her as she looked at Chris. One more mouth she added to the already straining mix.
His cheeks flushed as if he knew what she was thinking. “Madison, do you think you can get the school to give me a work permit? I’d like to pay for my own room and board.”
 “I won’t hear any of that nonsense, Christopher. You belong in school fixing your grades, not pushing fries in some fast food joint,” Grandma said as she walked back into the room.
“Grandma, I don’t feel right about this,” Chris said as he looked guiltily at his food. 
She slapped him upside the head. “Ow! What the hell was that for?”
“I said to drop it. You are part of this family so stop it and put some more food on your plate. I won’t have you losing weight and looking like a skeleton when I’ve been working so hard these last two weeks to put some meat on your bones.”
When he didn’t move fast enough to eat, she raised her hand to hit him upside his head again. “Okay!” He took more corn and potatoes. “Slave driver,” he muttered.
Grandma sat down at the head of the table. “Everyone, eat please.”
“Grandma, I was thinking that with us here that’s five rooms you’re not collecting on and five mouths to feed. I think I’m going to get another job to help out.”
“Madison, you already work a full-time job and you clean here ten hours a week, that’s help enough.” She shot a look of warning at her daughter. “And don’t even think of suggesting that my granddaughter go work at that obscene place again, Emma.”
Candy pouted. She hated being called Emma and she hated not getting her way even more. She’d thrown a fit when Madison declined the job offer. She’d really been looking forward to her cut.
Grandma pointed a finger in Candy’s direction. “I looked the other way when you started working there, but when you tried to bring my granddaughter there,” she shook her head in disgust. “You’re lucky I didn’t throw you out on your backside then and there.”
“But, mama, I was just trying to help.” Candy’s pout deepened. 
Grandma narrowed her eyes on her only child. 
“I wish Ephraim was here,” Joshua mumbled.
“Has he called?” Jill asked, jumping on the change of topic.
“No, can we talk about something else, please.” She pushed her meatloaf around her plate.
“Did you try his cell phone?” Chris asked, drawing her attention.
Chris looked so uncomfortable. His clothes were already too small for him and worn. They looked even smaller after two weeks of eating properly for the first time and a growth spurt. He needed new clothes and she didn’t have the money. He didn’t complain though. He probably knew. She would have to get another job to keep clothes on his back. Jill and Joshua’s clothes were in the same condition as Chris’s. They all needed new clothes. Great, now she felt even more depressed.
Grandma’s eyes roamed over all three children’s state of clothing as well. Her frown deepened. This was bad, but Grandma was in denial and she did what she always did when something unpleasant occurred. She tried to hide her feelings from everyone and move on, dragging everyone with her.
“Everyone, please leave her alone and finish dinner. Chris and Jill, you both have dish duty tonight.”
“I thought you loved me, Grandma?” Chris pushed his lip out in an expert pout.
Grandma reached over and pinched his cheek. “Oh, it’s so nice having a conartist join the family.” He winked at her and reloaded his plate like a good boy. That and he was probably afraid that she was going to whack him again. Madison considered it for a moment and agreed that Grandma probably would.
“He’s been gone for over two weeks you know,” Jill decided to comment.
Madison pushed away from the table. “If you’ll excuse me, I have some papers to grade.”
“You have a big mouth!” Chris snapped.
“It’s fine, really. Goodnight, guys.” She took her time walking upstairs. She was in no hurry to hide in her room and cry herself to sleep again tonight. 
He broke her heart. There was no other way to describe it. She felt like a part of her had been destroyed since he’d walked out that door. 
She paused in front of her door and looked back at his when she heard something.  She could see the lights were off in his room, but weird noises were coming from inside. She couldn’t fight the hope surged through her chest as she turned around and raised her fist to knock on the door only to freeze.
“You like that, baby, don’t you?” a woman asked.
A man grunted. “Mmm, I’m going ride you all night, big boy.” Realization dawned on her. The weird sound was the bed springs squeaking. 
She put her hand over her mouth. “Oh, my god,” she mumbled.
“Mmm, these handcuffs were a good idea,” the woman said. “I can keep you on your back and up all night.” A loud masculine moan erupted.
“Do you like fucking my ass?” the woman asked.
“Yeah,” he groaned.
Madison stumbled back to her door, crying. She slammed the door shut and threw on the light. “What an asshole,” she muttered.
“I completely agree. Now if you don’t mind, some of us are trying to sleep.” Ephraim said as he flopped over onto his stomach.
Madison’s head whipped back in the direction of his room and then back at him. “If you’re here then who’s-”
“In there fucking the transvestite prostitute?” he finished for her.
“Yes…wait, did you say transvestite?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Ephraim, who’s in there?”
“Just the guy who’s been blackmailing you for the last four months. After tonight you’ll never have to worry about him again and you’ll have all your money back. Now, could you shut that light off? That prick’s kept me up the last two nights.”
She looked stunned. “You have Joshua’s father in there? Wait, he’s not gay.”
Ephraim buried his face in the pillow and laughed. “No, he’s not. He also doesn’t know that she’s a he. He also doesn’t know that I have a camera in there right now with night vision that’s capturing this momentous occasion. He will know very soon what’s going on. Before he leaves here he will sign custody of Joshua over to you and your grandmother.”
“Why…how….I don’t understand.”
He flipped over onto his back. “It’s simple. I had the bank account traced to one Trevor McGuire who resides in New Mexico. I did a little check on him, married, two children at home, but he has custody of three children. I did a little more research and found out that Candy lost custody of Joshua when he was six months old.”
“She didn’t even show up for the court date,” Madison whispered.
“That’s what I found out. They kept him for four months until his wife put her foot down. She couldn’t handle two little boys of her own plus Joshua. So, Trevor pawned Joshua off onto a few relatives, but none of them were willing to keep him. Finally, he gave Joshua to your mother while retaining full custody.”
“I didn’t know that part.”
“I figured. When Candy was eager to move here for the free ride and welfare she forgot one very important thing.”
“She didn’t have custody and she never asked permission to take Joshua out of the state. She probably figured Trevor would never notice. He hadn’t seen Joshua in five years.”
“But he did find out. Your mother, even though your grandmother was under the assumption that she had custody of the kids, attempted to get welfare on the kids’ behalf. New Hampshire contacted Trevor and Trevor hunted you down and threatened to take Joshua back and put you both in prison for kidnapping.”
“He had no case against me and he knew that. He wanted money though.”
“And you had to pay twelve hundred dollars a month until Joshua hit eighteen.”
“Yes.”
“And you really thought that was going to work?”
“I was trying to buy time until I figured out what to do. I can’t lose him. He’s more than a brother to me. I’ve raised him. I couldn’t give him up.”
“So, that’s why you put yourself in such a large hole. You didn’t want to lose Joshua?”
“Yes,” she mumbled as she wiped a tear off her cheek.
“Baby, why didn’t you come to me? I would have helped you.”
She shook her head. “I couldn’t do that to you.”
“Were you afraid that I would rip his throat out or lose my job?”
“Both.”
He sighed heavily and held out his hand. “Come here.”
She walked over to the bed and took his hand. He pulled her onto his lap, making her straddle him. She released his hand and pulled her heels off, letting them drop to the ground.
Ephraim cupped her hips and pulled her forward. “Can I have a kiss? I’ve missed you.”
Her hands dropped to the bed on either side of his face as she leaned over him. “I don’t know. I thought you said you were done with me.”
His hands gently caressed her hips. “I’ll never be done with you. I’m sorry for being such an asshole, but you hit a bit of a nerve for me.”
“About babies?”
“Yes.”
“So, you can’t have children? You know that for sure, don’t you? You tried with that woman?”
He raised his head to brush his lips against hers. “I don’t know anything for certain, baby. I have no clue. As far as that woman is concerned the answer is no. I never slept with her. She wanted to years ago. Her Master, who at this very moment is not happy with me, tried to make a deal with me and offered up twenty females to me to see if I could impregnate any of them. I could keep the babies and in return the master wanted to be like me.”
“Did you?”
His fingers threaded through her black hair. “No, I didn’t do that. I didn’t want a child with a vampire.”
“So, how do you know you haven’t fathered a child before?”
“That’s easy. I never finished inside of a woman before.”
She searched his face to see if he was joking. “Never?”
“No, never. It was one of the best ways to prevent by-blows.”
“By-blows?”
“Bastards.”
“That’s not very nice.”
“Sorry, that’s what they were called back then. My father told us what to do.”
“Your father encouraged you?” A thought occurred to her. “I’ve heard stories that men back then brought their sons to whorehouses, did yours?”
He used her hips to push her up so that her neck was right above his mouth. He began pressing kisses to her neck. “No, he didn’t bring me. The last time I saw my father was just before I was taken away. Before that I looked like a little boy. No self-respecting whore would have touched me. He brought my brothers when they were fourteen though so he probably would have.”
“Oh.” 
“So, what did your father tell you to do?”
“Pull out. Never come inside a woman unless she’s meant to carry the heir.”
“So, you never once...” her voice trailed off suggestively.
“Not once.” His hands slid down her back until they cupped her bottom. He gently squeezed and caressed her while his mouth licked and kissed her neck. 
Madison used her feet to push the covers off Ephraim. She was not losing this opportunity. She’d waited too long for this, for him. Using one hand, she undid the knot on her skirt and pulled it off, throwing it to the ground. She sat back on his lap. She could feel his erection through the material of his boxers. 
Ephraim watched hungrily as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse. She threw the blouse aside, revealing a black bra and matching panties. 
“A goddess. You look like a fucking goddess,” he whispered, mesmerized by her beautiful black hair and golden skin. He ran his hands down her neck, breasts, stomach and back. 
“Do you want to see more?” she asked in a sultry voice.
He swallowed loudly and nodded firmly. “Please.”
She reached back with one hand and unsnapped her bra, letting it slide down her arms. Ephraim gently pulled it off her arms and threw it on the floor. 
Without waiting, he ran his fingers down to her hips and slid a finger in either side of her panties and snapped the string of the waistband apart. Madison sat up so that he could pull the ripped panties away, leaving her naked. 
His eyes drank in the sight of her body. She was so beautiful from her brown eyes to her butterscotch nipples. She was everything in the world that was perfect and she was his. He growled possessively as his fangs descended. “Come here.”
A shot of lust tore through her as his eyes began to glow and his fangs dropped. Madison found herself going to him more that willingly. She leaned down and kissed his lips gently. The kiss was slow and sweet. They took their time enjoying the sensation the teasing sent down their bodies. 
Ephraim licked her lips in request. She obliged by opening her mouth. He deepened the kiss. Their tongues moved together as he ran his hands over her. Soon they were both panting and moaning. Madison wasn’t aware that she was grinding herself against him. She only knew that she loved the feeling and it wasn’t enough.
He wrapped his arms around her, bringing her closer. He rolled her over onto her back, never breaking the kiss. Madison grabbed his underwear and pushed it down. When her hands couldn’t push any farther she used her feet, frantically kicking them down. She felt his hard shaft against the inside of her thigh and moaned.
He lowered himself and slid his cock against her slit. She was so wet. So fucking wet and he was going to lose it. She was drenching the underside of his cock. The sounds of their panting was loud enough to block out the sounds coming from his room. They didn’t care. Not now.
“Baby, I have to tell you two things before we do this,” his said in a hoarse voice.
“What?” she whimpered. She was squirming wildly beneath him, trying to get him to come inside.
“The first thing you should know, once I put my cock in you I’m not going to stop fucking you until my dick explodes inside of you.” His words were like pouring gasoline on the fire that was already out of control in her body. She moaned loudly with anticipation.
“And the second?” she asked, surprised that she’d managed a coherent thought never mind a full sentence at this point.
He pulled back and positioned himself. “The second is the most important part.” He kissed her deeply before pulling back to look down at her. He needed to watch her as he slowly pushed inside her.
Madison gasped loudly. “The second thing, Madison, is that I am head over heels in love with you,” he growled as he thrust inside her until he was buried to the hilt. 
Her body tightened around him and began convulsing. “Oh, shit!” 
He touched his forehead to hers while he watched her come apart. She moaned his name while licking her lips. Her body convulsed violently around him. It took everything he had not to explode with her. He’d never been with a woman who came like this, never mind when he entered her.
He waited until her body relaxed before he started moving. His thrusts were slow and shallow, giving her a chance to recover. The entire time his eyes never left her face. “Are you okay, baby?” he asked with a soft kiss.
She bit her lip and nodded. “That’s my girl.” 
“I’m not a girl, Ephraim. That night what you said...” she shook her head. “I’m not.”
“Shh, I know, baby. Trust me, I know. You’re not some little girl. You’re not.” He kissed her long and hard before pulling away abruptly. “You’ve probably never had the chance to be a little girl, Madison,” he murmured as he kissed her chin, moving down to her neck. “I’m so sorry.” 
She whimpered as he pulled out. “Ephraim?”
“Shh, it’s okay, baby.” He moved his mouth down to her breast. His tongue traced a wet circle around her nipple before pulling it into his mouth. It slid in between his fangs. He took two long pulls on her nipple before abandoning it to continue down her stomach. 
“So sweet…so beautiful…” He pressed kisses on each thigh. 
“Ephraim, please!” Madison was panting, desperate to get him back insider her.
He chuckled against her skin. His tongue darted out, running over her skin as he made his way to the center of her. “Mmmm.” She tasted better than he remembered. He sucked on her swollen little nub, teasing it with the tip of his tongue. 
Madison looked down her body. His eyes were focused on her face. He liked to watch. That made her brave. She wanted to please him so badly the same way that he was pleasing her.
His mouth lowered to her entrance where he licked her, greedily. She moaned loudly. Her eyes never left his. He watched her, feeling each moan down to the tip of his erection as he shoved his tongue inside of her.
“Oh, baby, yes!” she cooed as her hips rose in the air. His hands clamped tightly on her hips and brought her down so he could feast on her. 
She ran her hands through his hair, over her stomach and her breasts. When she pinched her own nipples his hips thrust into the bed. He growled low and deep, sending the most erotic sensations through her and setting off another powerful orgasm. Her body arched off the bed. 
Before her body fell back on the bed he was back inside of her in one hard thrust. He felt harder than before. She wrapped her legs around his hips, afraid he was going to pull out again. His thrusts were no longer shallow or slow. He moved like a man possessed.
He kissed her greedily as he thrust inside of her. Madison cupped his face as she kissed him. Her fingers gently caressed his skin. It made him feel like a king the way that she was touching him. 
She liked to see him out of control and right now he was dangerous. He moved on her like a madman. She whimpered as another climax came and went, leaving her boneless and panting, but still he didn’t stop. 
His jaw was clenched and the muscles in his neck were taut. He looked like he was in a great deal of pain. That’s when she noticed the strained look on his face. He looked frustrated.
She cupped his cheek. “Baby, what’s wrong?”
He shook his head. “I can’t…I can’t…fuck! I’m so close!”
“You can’t come?”
“No. I don’t know what’s wrong. It’s been so long.” He moved harder inside of her, bringing her closer to another orgasm. She needed to help him or she was going to die of pleasure.
She pulled him down, tilting his head to the side. “Let’s see if this helps.” She pressed wet kisses to his neck. Her tongue traced his Adam’s apple and up to his chin. His thrusts slowed down into a uniformed cadence. He moaned deeply as her teeth scraped his skin.
“That feels so good,” he groaned.
Her hand slid between them. The next time he pulled out she snaked her hand between them and gripped him tightly while her arm circled around his neck and held him down.
She was gripping him so hard. The sensation of sliding through her hand into her wet, tight pussy was too much. The triple combination was too much, too soon. He wanted to pull away from her and take control again, but she held him tightly against her. The sensation was pushing him past the edge. The buildup to the climax he knew was coming was too strong. 
His body began thrusting wildly into her. She never wavered in her grip. She licked his neck and moaned along with him. “Stop! Madison, stop it’s too much!” She only tightened her grip and swirled her hips beneath him. 
He broke.
He threw his head back and roared. His hips slammed into her, making her remove her hand or have it broken. She held onto him as he carried her into another climax. 
She gasped as he bared his fangs and struck.

Chapter 19
Ephraim was gasping in the crook of her neck. “I’m so sorry.”
“Shhh, it’s okay.” She gently rubbed his damp back. “It’s okay.”
“I’ll replace it. I promise.” 
She watched as a feather slowly drifted down towards her face. She blew out a stream of air, sending it back up. “It’s just a pillow.”
“Thank god.” He kissed her neck. 
“Is it always like that?”
He shook his head. “Never like that.”
“Do you always bite in the end?”
He shrugged. “I’ve never had to bite before. I’ve never come inside a woman before you. It’s never been that powerful before either. You, oh, baby, you don’t know what you do to me.”
“So, do you always have a problem coming?” she asked shyly.
“No, I didn’t, but then again, I think the last time I had an orgasm was back in the nineties.”
“Oh, so like ten to twenties years ago? That’s not bad I guess.”
“Wrong century. Try more like a hundred or so years.”
“That’s a long time,” she said, chuckling.
“Yeah, I guess I had a clog.” He laughed and pulled out of her. He looked down at her body as he climbed out of bed. She was covered in feathers. “Let me just go end the charade next door and then I’ll help you wash those feathers off.”
Ephraim pulled on a pair of dark khaki pants that looked recently pressed and a white tee shirt. “I’ll just be a few minutes, baby.” He pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead. “I love you, baby.”
He felt the change in her. She stiffened beneath his touch. Her breathing became shallow and he swore inwardly. She wasn’t in love with him. “Madison-”
She climbed off the bed. “Let me get dressed,” she said nervously. Her hands shook as she searched through her drawers and pulled on a tank top and flannel pajama pants. 
Warm firm hands gently cupped her shoulders. She began rambling nervously. “You know I really should go in there with you. It’s my fault this whole thing happened in the first place. Well, not really. Candy did all of this, but I don’t think she would come in here and help. I mean, we could ask, but she’ll most likely throw something at our heads. She hates to be woken up. Do you think we should wake her? Because I can go get her if you think we should. I think she’ll just get in the way and-”
His hand covered her mouth, gently. “Shh, baby, I didn’t tell you to make you panic. I’m going to take my hand away now so just let me speak, please.”
She nodded against his hand. “Okay.” He lowered his hand and wrapped his arms around her waist. His lips pressed softly against her neck. 
“Now, I’m going to tell you that I love you.” She stiffened. “Shh, Madison, let me continue. I didn’t say it because I expected you to say it back. I knew you wouldn’t. You can’t, sweetheart. I’m not going to assume that you love me and I didn’t say it because I wanted to hear you say it. That would make me a bit of a cad.”
“I know how freely your mother said that to men. Hell, I’ve heard her say it about a hundred times to seven different guys since you moved here. I know she thinks she loves them and throws the word around too easily. I also know that she never once said those words to you or your siblings. So, I know how foreign those words are to you. I know you don’t want to do anything like your mother would, you’re afraid of turning into her.”
She nodded slowly. “But, Madison, you are not your mother. You’re a strong, independent woman. You’re headstrong, stubborn, smart, kind, and yes, loving. I know how hard it was for you to allow yourself to give yourself to a man. I’m honored beyond words that I was your first.” And last, but she didn’t know that yet. “I won’t push you or get upset if you don’t love me. All I want is to be allowed to show you how I feel about you and to tell you.” 
“Ephraim, I don’t think I’m capable of loving anyone other than my brother and sister.”
He pressed another kiss to her neck. “Well, then let me deal with it. I’m not asking you to love me. I’m asking you to let me love you. I’m fine if you never say it. I just want you, Madison.”
She gulped. “For how long?”
“However long you’ll let me.” Forever, but really, she didn’t need to know that either.
“No pressure?”
“No pressure.”
He turned her in his arms. His eyes bore into hers. “Let’s just get one thing clear, Madison. I have never told another person that I love them. Not one. I’m not one of those men that come sniffing around your mother. I don’t say things lightly and I’m not using you. I won’t run for the hills either or become bored. I’m here for you as long as you’ll let me and I won’t pressure you.” He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “For as long as you want me, Madison, I am your man.”
“But, what if you-” 
“I won’t.”
“You didn’t let me finish.”
“It doesn’t matter. I won’t do it if it hurts you.” He brushed his lips against hers. She wasn’t giving up. He could practically feel her fear.
“What if you get bored with me? I’m not very beautiful and-”
He pulled back to search her eyes. She was serious. She really had no idea. “Madison, let me clear that up for you. You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.” 
She scoffed. 
“Madison, I would never tell you otherwise. What makes you even more beautiful and special is your big heart. You’re too kind and sweet for your own good sometimes.”
“No, I’m not. Ephraim, see this is just an infatuation for you. You think I’m perfect. I’m not. I’m a woman with many faults, but you don’t seem to see them.”
“Really? You think so?” he asked, sounding thoughtful.
“Yes! That’s how my mother acts with every guy. You don’t see the real me.”
“Hmmm.”
“I’m not perfect, Ephraim, and sooner or later you’ll see that and move on.” The words hurt, but they needed to be said. He didn’t understand. He couldn’t. There was no such thing as love. Affection? Yes, she cared about him deeply. More than anyone, but love? No. There was no such thing as romantic love. It was just infatuation mixed with hormones.
“You’re probably right.” He pulled away and sat on the edge of the bed to pull on his socks and shoes. “Baby, can you hand me my shirt?” He pointed to a dark grey shirt hanging on the back of the bathroom door.  A tie hung around the shirt’s collar.
A little confused over how easily he’d dropped the subject, she handed him the shirt. “That’s it?”
“What?” He stood up, buttoning the shirt and unzipped his pants to tuck it in.
She raised her hands slightly and let them drop. “Nothing,” she said, chickening out.
His hands made fast work of fixing his tie. “Oh, you mean that nonsense about this being a simple infatuation for me and I don’t see your faults? Sorry, didn’t know you wanted me to respond to that. Okay, let’s see.” He wasn’t giving her a chance to speak. “You can be bossy at times. You shut down at anything emotional beyond love with Joshua and Jill. When Jill is flipping out and crying, you get annoyed. You hate huge displays of emotion. You’re very laid back and relaxed. Well, it appears that way, but you’re really protecting yourself and I don’t blame you one bit for that.”
Her hands shot up. “See that’s exactly what I’m saying. You’re seeing what you want, and the imperfections that you see, you explain away and excuse things like you’re fixing me. I’m not perfect, Ephraim, and I really wish that you would see that.”
“You drool.” 
“What?” she said, caught off guard by that announcement.
“When you’re asleep you drool. I’ve woken up more than a few times with a little puddle forming on my chest.” After a thought, he added. “And you snore. Not a delicate snore either mind you.”
“I do not!” Her face colored with embarrassment.
He sighed heavily as if the knowledge pained him. “Oh, but you do. I’ve even heard Jill talk about it. Did you know that’s the main reason she was happy about her room? Actually, she and Joshua thanked your Grandmother for putting you at the other end of the house, something about finally getting a decent night’s sleep. They compared your snore to a chainsaw. I can see why they’d say that.”
“You’re lying!”
He chuckled as he attached his holster and badge to his belt. “No, ‘fraid not, sweetheart. Also, you pout when you’re hungry. Your cute little bottom lip sticks out and you get a frown between your brows right there.” He touched the spot with his finger.
She swatted his hand away. “I do not!”
“When you think no one’s around and you’re drinking soda.” She didn’t think it was possible, but she felt the blush on her face deepen. “You hold little burping contests.”
“How-”
He tapped his ear. “I can hear everything and I can tune things out if I choose.”
She dropped her gaze. “One of my mother’s old boyfriends taught me how when I was little as a way to relax. It helps with my stress just to focus on doing something silly and stupid.”
“You’re quite good at it,” he commented.
“Ephraim!”
“I’m serious. I used to know some sailors that you could easily put to shame.”
“Stop it!” She suppressed a giggle. She should be mad, she really should.
“Also, you cheat when you play Horse with Joshua. It’s sad really.” He winked at her.
“How did you know?”
“I’ve seen you. You distract him and then take a step or two forward, closer to the basket.”
She sighed, “I can’t stand his victory dance when he wins. It’s rather annoying.”
He allowed that. “It doesn’t hurt that you’re also a sore loser.”
“I am not!”
“Yes, you are. Everyone says so. I think everyone suspects you cheat at other games as well, but they don’t say anything. Mostly because you’re such a horrible cheat and you lose anyway.”
She placed her hands on her hips. “Should we go over your shortcomings then?”
“Sure, I have a minute before I have to handle your blackmailer. Let’s see.” He looked at her small make-up mirror and ran his hands through his hair. “I’m arrogant. I’m annoying. I have a hell of a temper that would make the devil quiver. I get extremely cranky when I’m hungry. I hog the covers to keep you in my arms at night. I take too many showers and for far too long. I hog the hot water. I get jealous easily when it comes to other men and you.”
“Really?” Her smile was small, unsure and cute as hell.
All humor left his face. He looked at her through intensely possessive eyes. “Oh yes, Madison, you have no idea. I want to tear apart every man that looks at you. I hate it when some other man earns one of your adorable smiles that reaches your eyes, or gets to be there to make you feel better. I hate it, but I accept it. If I didn’t, it would drive me to distraction.”
“You’re also a bit possessive,” she added with a wry grin.
“That I am. I’m sorry if it bothers you, but I do love you, Madison. I’m not some controlling asshole that expects to keep you to myself and I would never hurt you or try to control you. I just want to keep you safe. I know I step on your toes sometimes. I’ll try to work on that, but not with assholes like Trevor. That I will not tolerate.”
She took in a deep breath. “It’s okay. I know you only did this to help me. I’m not a complete idiot. I realized that I was in over my head. It’s just that I’m so used to taking care of my own problems. I don’t like having to depend on anyone.”
He pulled her into his arms. “That’s because no one’s ever been dependable in your life. In time, I hope you’ll realize that I am that person, Madison. I’m the man who will always be there for you and I will never consciously hurt you. I do love you, Madison, more than you’ll ever know.”
She wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. “I know. I’m just stubborn.”
His chuckle rumbled through his chest. “I know, baby. Now, I have to go take care of a little matter.”
Madison pulled back from his arms and looked him over. She didn’t realize until that moment that he was wearing his shirt and tie along with his badge and gun. “Are you going to work?”
“No, sweetheart, I have the weekend off. I’m doing this for him.” He gestured to his clothes.
She looked in the direction of his room. “Speaking of which, can I ask what the hell happened? Where have you been? How did you pull this off and most importantly, why is he in there having sex in your room, in this house?”
He looked at his watch. “I suppose I can answer your questions. Quickly though and no interruptions. I really need to get in there. Paula is charging me by the hour you know.”
“How much?” She was curious about how much a transvestite prostitute charged. Who wouldn’t be?
He winced. “Two hundred an hour. Actually, he is charging me an extra five hundred dollars, because Trevor’s an asshole.”
“He always was,” she agreed on a sigh.
“To answer your questions, and quickly mind you. I went home first. I haven’t taken a vacation in three years and I wanted to see my home.”
“You went to England? “
He pressed a finger to her lips. “No, interruptions, remember? Yes, I haven’t been since the war. I had some thinking to do and I always did my best thinking at two in the morning walking through Hyde Park.”
“We have parks here too you know.” 
He shot her a wry look. “I know, Madison. I needed to go.”
“You were thinking of leaving for good, weren’t you?”
He nodded, reluctantly. 
“Why?”
“The way I feel about you scares me.” He held up his hand. “I love you, Madison. I know you don’t understand. That’s fine, but please let’s not argue about it.”
“Okay.”
“I couldn’t stay away, Madison. It took only a minute to know that. The rest of the time I used for negotiations.”
“Neg-”
He held up a hand to stop her. “I negotiated with a very powerful group that’s been after me for the last hundred and twenty years. A group called Sentinels. Before you ask, they are God’s natural defense against vampires.”
“Ten Sentinels are born every ten years. They are marked at birth for their position in life. They’re not exactly human. They’re stronger, more difficult to kill and can heal quicker. They live longer as well and they will look young until they stop fighting and retire.”
“Like Buffy the Vampire Slayer?”
He laughed and shook his head ruefully. “I guess you could call them slayers. They also have another very unique quality.”
“What?”
“Well, they have to be born as a twin. A human soul has to bring them to earth as a guardian. Most of the human twins die. It’s very difficult to share a womb with a Sentinel. The special thing is that they are born with their soul mates already in line. Five males and five females are born. It’s a gift. True love from God to keep them dedicated.”
“How do they-”
“They know when they find their mates because their marks will change to red, once they’re a mated pair it turns black. It’s along the same lines as a marriage. Before you ask, the mark is a crescent moon with a tiny cross just below the navel and it’s originally a light brown color. Most won’t know what they are until another Sentinel finds them and takes them in to train or…” his voice drifted off.
“A vampire finds them. They give off a scent like humans do, right?”
“Right.”
“Why did you contact them?” She kept her voice casual, but inside she was dying. Was he leaving?
He took her hands into his and led her to the bed. He sat down and pulled her onto his lap. “Madison, surely you realize that I don’t age. In a few years, I won’t be able to explain why I haven’t aged. As it is, I look like I’m in my mid-twenties. I can only keep it up for a few more years.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m done. I’m done pretending. I’m done starting a life only to end it in five years. I want my own life now. I need it, Madison. I don’t want to hide what I am anymore. I don’t want to keep running for the rest of my life. With the Sentinels, I can have the life I want. I will be given the status of a Sentinel in terms of pay, privileges and resources. I can’t change who I am. I’m a Pyte. They need me almost as much as I need them.”
“So, you’re leaving the country then?” she asked, choking back a sob. 
“No, I’m allowed to choose which area I want to protect. That’s what they do. That’s what I should have been doing all these years. I’ve just been so damn stubborn.”
“But you do protect people! You’re a good detective!”
“Shh, no, baby. I’ve been playing. I do what any human with training and instinct can do. I’ve been neglecting my calling. I need to help. I need to stop what I can. It’s an ongoing war and people are being massacred. I need to do this, Madison.”
“So, what now?”
He kissed her chin. “This isn’t the end for us, Madison. I’ll just be doing something different soon. Something I’m meant to do.”
“How soon?”
“Soon, it won’t affect us. I promise, baby. There will be a few changes. I’ve decided that along with doing this I should take more responsibility in my life.”
“Meaning what?”
“For starters, I negotiated with Chris’s mother over the phone,” he said, making her breath catch. “I’ve adopted him, baby. He needs a man to take care of him. He needs a real home and support.”
“We’re giving him that,” she said through clenched teeth. “I’m taking care of him, Ephraim. You didn’t have to do this!”
His grip tightened around her, stopping her from jumping off his lap. “Yes, I did. I think it would be a good idea if you and your family continue to treat him like one of your own.”
She wiped away a tear. “Why did you do this, Ephraim?”
“Shh, baby, I had to. Don’t you see that? I have to protect him now. He knows about me and what’s out there. It will be okay I promise you.”
“There’s something you’re not telling me.”
He didn’t deny it. He simply pressed a kiss against her cheek. “Everything will be fine. Now, would you like to know about our little friend in there?”
He was changing the subject and she knew it. She would allow it, for now. Mostly because she could hear Trevor moaning again and she wanted him out of the house. 
“I decided that the best way to deal with him would be blackmail and a few threats in case that didn’t work. I went to New Mexico and told him that I was your boyfriend and that you were struggling. I told him that I was willing to pay him a large lump sum if he came here and signed over Joshua. He’s in a bit of a rush to buy a yacht. That’s why he’s been blackmailing you and that was why he accepted the monthly payments. Seems his wife won’t let him buy one. So, he’s been doing a crime here and there to save up.”
“That asshole.”
“It took two days of putting up with his bullshit to get him to come out here. I hired a transvestite to flirt with him and promise him a night of fun. He thinks she just wanted a free trip to New Hampshire. He’s been teasing Trevor and offering him nothing but kisses for the last two days. Trevor came willingly.”
“The reason we’re doing it here is because I was able to set up the equipment here without worry. There’s privacy. He didn’t want his wife to find out that he was with a woman at a hotel. Apparently, she calls the front desk of whatever hotel he’s at whenever he’s out of town. She hunts him down. He’s also a bit whipped and tells her exactly where he stays out of fear of her wrath.”
She nodded. “So, that’s why they’re in my room soiling my sheets, which by the way I am burning and buying new ones tomorrow.”
Madison bit her lip nervously. “What is it, Madison?” He kissed her lower lip.
“Since you’re in the mood to shop and you’ve taken it upon yourself to adopt Chris, you should know that he desperately needs new clothes. They’re too small.”
His lips tugged up into a lopsided grin. “That’s all? That’s fine. I could use some clothes as well. We’ll hit the mall tomorrow under your direction of course.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, he still needs a mother or a big sister or whatever you’ve been to him. I don’t want that to stop, because you bring out the best in troublesome men.” He brushed his lips against hers. “I only took over the legal and financial responsibilities.”
“And do you consider yourself one of those troublesome men, sir?” she asked in a teasing tone.
He kissed her more deeply. “God, yes.”
She felt him stirring to life beneath her. She wiggled on top of him, testing it out.
He groaned. “Baby, no. I need to end this.”
She wiggled again. 
He sucked in a deep breath. “You don’t play fair.”
“Never said I did. If I recall correctly you said that I cheat.”
“You do,” he agreed with a chuckle.
He picked her up in his arms and stood up. She smiled, thinking that she’d won. “I’ll be right back.” He gave her a loud kiss on the forehead and dropped her on the bed. She bounced a few times before she jumped to her feet and followed him.
Chapter 20
“Come in!” a woman’s voice said the same time a man said, “Go fuck off.”
Ephraim opened the door to his dark bedroom. He could see everything clearly of course. 
Trevor lay on his bed with his hands cuffed above his head. Paula, as he liked to call himself, was between the man’s legs, licking his balls while gently pulling on his flaccid cock. It seems Trevor couldn’t get it up again.
“Oh, that feels good.” Trevor dropped his head back. 
“Ephraim, if that’s you, man, we’ll handle our business later. I’m busy,” Trevor said.
“Oh no, we’ll handle it now,” Ephraim said firmly.
Paula sat up, wiping his lips on the back of one well-manicured hand. “About time. You better add a good bonus for this.”
“I will.”
“What are you talking about?” Trevor sounded confused.
“She’s a hooker, Trevor,” Ephraim said calmly.
“A hooker? Fuck.” He shook his head in disbelief then chuckled. “Thank god I wore a condom then, huh.”
Ephraim reached out to flick the light on, but waited. “Just curious, Trevor, did I get my money’s worth?” He could feel Madison standing behind him. She was straining to get a look, but it was too dark for her human eyes to see anything.
Trevor laughed. “If you did this to blackmail me out of the money then you’re shit out of luck. My wife knows I fuck around. She’ll be mad for a while. Make me get tested and then she’ll let me between her legs again and all will be forgiven.”
“What if I said I had a camera in here? That I caught everything you’ve been doing on video?”
“It’s dark.”
“It’s a very good camera, Trevor.”
He chuckled. “Who cares? Show it to her or put it on the internet. I guarantee that in a month I’ll be sliding into my wife’s pussy while we watch it together. She gets off on that shit.”
“You think so?”
“Hell, yes.”
“How was I, sugar? Did you enjoy it? You’ve said you’ve had anal before. How did I rate?”
Trevor smiled. “I can easily say that you gave the best head I’ve ever had and without a doubt the best anal. When we get back to New Mexico I’d love to keep seeing you every week on a purely fuck basis”
“We’ll see,” Paula said coyly.
“Are you ready, Paula?” Ephraim asked.
“Ready for what?” Trevor demanded.
“Hold on, I just want to do one last thing.” He leaned over and took Trevor in his mouth again.
“Oh, fuck yeah, suck that cock, bitch!”
Madison fidgeted uncomfortably behind him. 
“You don’t have to see this,” he whispered.
“I’m fine,” she said in a weak voice. She couldn’t believe this was happening.
Wet sucking sounds broke the silence followed by Trevor’s moans. Ephraim watched as Paula brought Trevor’s flaccid cock back to life. At the same time, she was palming herself, getting a nice erection for Trevor’s eyes.
Madison was mesmerized by the sounds. Trevor seemed to really be enjoying the attention. She pulled on Ephraim’s arm until she felt him lean down. “What is it?” he whispered.
“Is that something you would enjoy if I did it?” she asked in a rushed whisper. 
Two red eyes appeared in the dark. “You’re killing me, you know that, don’t you?”
“Sorry. Just curious.” 
“Well, stop. I’m trying to focus.” He took a deep steadying breath. She watched as his red eyes slowly faded away until she couldn’t see anything again.
“I’m ready,” Paula said.
“So am I, suck it harder,” Trevor moaned.
The lights flicked on.
*-*-*-**
“Stop screaming!” Ephraim snapped.
The high-pitched screams slowly died. Trevor’s eyes flew from Paula’s erection, which incidentally was bigger than his own to Ephraim and Madison.
“Who’s that?” his voice cracked as he nodded towards Madison.
Ephraim reached up and shut off the camera before he stepped into the room. “That’s the woman you’ve been blackmailing.”
“Madison?” he asked in disbelief.
“Yes,” she said and then quickly averted her eyes. The years had not been good to him. He’d gained at least fifty pounds since she last saw him and his hair was thinning and graying. His erection was slowly deflating. “Can someone throw something over him?”
“Sorry,” Ephraim said as he uncuffed Trevor and threw his clothes at him. 
“I’m leaving!”  He pulled on his clothes so fast that he fell over.
“No, you’re not.”
“The hell I’m not!”
Ephraim stepped in his path. “No, you’re not. If you take one more step towards that door I will arrest you.”
“Y-you’re a cop?”
“Police detective. You’ve been blackmailing a resident of New Hampshire and I have proof. You’re not very good at covering your trail I have to let you know.”
“But-”
“But nothing, the arrest will stick. You will not leave the state. You will be convicted and sentenced here and then you’ll be extradited to New Mexico where they’ll get to convict you as well.”
“But-”
“I’ve taken the liberty of hiring Paula to ensure that this goes smoothly. After I’m done with you, this little tape you made will be my insurance that you will never bother Madison or Joshua again.”
“But-”
“You don’t love him. You’ve never given the kid a second thought. He’s had a good upbringing with Madison doing what you should have done in the first place. You’re not going to interfere again. If you ever grow some balls and want to be a real father to the kid, you can contact Mrs. Buckman or Madison otherwise you will stay away.”
“But-”
“Just stop talking. If I hear ‘but’ again I’m going to break your jaw. Now sit down.”
Trevor sat down. Ephraim walked over to his computer and turned the monitor on. A bank website appeared on the screen. “What’s the password?”
“What?” Trevor looked past him. “Hey, that’s my bank!”
“Yes, and that’s your account number typed in there. Your password?”
“You can’t do this! That’s my money!”
Ephraim turned around. “Really? Would you like to argue that?”
“Yes goddammit, that’s mine! I don’t care what your bitch says!”
That was the wrong thing to say. Ephraim had to force himself not to turn, but he wasn’t above kicking this bastard’s ass.
“Get up!” Ephraim snapped. He yanked on his tie and pulled it off along with his shirt, revealing the very tight, white tank top that showed off every single muscle to perfection. 
“Oh, my,” Paula said as his eyes soaked up Ephraim’s body.
Madison had to stop herself from licking her lips. He really was addictive. “Come on, we’ll settle this now.” Ephraim waited, his hands clenching and unclenching into fists.
Trevor noticeably coward. “I-I-I…That’s my money!”
“That’s what I thought. You don’t know how badly I want you to take a swing at me right now,” Ephraim said. “You’ve made her life a living hell for five months and before that you sat back and did nothing while she struggled to put food in your son’s stomach and clothes on his back. You’re a piece of shit and you don’t deserve him and you should be thanking her, not stealing from her.”
He had the good sense to look guilty. “My password is studmuffin69.”
Ephraim could only shake his head in bewilderment.
“But she’s only given me ten thousand! The rest is mine!”
“I said I didn’t want to hear the word ‘but’ again.” Ephraim pulled out a piece of paper with two account numbers on it.
He typed the first one in and entered twelve thousand. “You’re paying her twelve grand. She’s incurred late charges and fees because you were taking all of her money.”
“That’s fair I suppose,” he agreed in a harsh tone.
Ephraim hit “Send.” He typed in the second account number. “This second transaction is to pay back all of those years that you left Madison to support your son.”
“What!”
“I think ten thousand is more than fair to cover clothes, medical bills, food, shelter and other things that little boys need.”
“Fine,” he bit out.
“This second account is in Joshua’s name with Madison as the backup. This will be his college account.” He hit send and looked back at Madison and Trevor. “Does that sound fair to everyone?”
Madison wiped her eyes and smiled as she mouthed “thank you.” He winked at her.
“Fine. But that’s it,” Trevor said. He knew he was trapped. “You don’t show that video to anyone and I won’t bother them again.”
“Not quite. Sign this.” Ephraim pulled out a clipboard from his desk drawer. “I had my lawyer draft up some papers.”
“What are these?”
“You are officially severing ties to Joshua and handing over custody to Mrs. Buckman, his grandmother and she in turn will make sure the boy goes to Madison if something should happen to her. I’ll be providing for the boy so you won’t need to be bothered again.”
Trevor took the pen and signed. “Fine, he was just a tax credit anyway.”
Ephraim hit him upside his head, sending him stumbling. “Watch it.”
Tears welled up in Trevor’s eyes as he nodded. “Paula, if you could?” He held out the paper.
“Don’t worry, handsome, no charge for witnessing this. This guy’s too big of an asshole. Keep him far away from that little boy.”
“Thank you, Paula.” Madison’s voice broke.
“Can I go now?” Trevor bit out.
“Yes, of course. Just remember that if you try to fight the transactions or get more money from her, I’ll come back for you with this video.”
“Whatever,” he said, pausing before Madison.
“Figures you’d turn out to be just like your mother. Spreading to get a man to do whatever you want,” he said acidly as Madison flinched back from the insult. “Fucking slut.”
Ephraim stormed forward. He pulled out his wallet and tossed it to Madison, who barely managed to catch it. “Pay Paula, tip well.”
He grabbed Trevor by the throat and lifted him in the air, shoving him violently against the wall. “You don’t ever talk to her like that again!”
Trevor could only sputter and choke. “I will fucking kill you! Do you understand?”
Madison’s hands shook as she opened Ephraim’s wallet. It was filled with crisp one hundred dollar bills. “How much does he owe you?”
“Two thousand,” Paula said in a trance. 
Trevor’s face was turning red. Ephraim wasn’t easing up. Madison quickly counted out the money and added five hundred. “Do you have a way to leave?”
“We took two rental cars. I drove one and Trevor drove the other car.”
Madison thanked god that Paula was already dressed. She shoved the money in his hand. “Thank you so much for your help. But, I need you to go so that I can handle this.”
“You don’t have to ask me twice.” With money in his hand, Paula yanked open the bedroom door and fled from the house. 
All hope that Ephraim wouldn’t lose control flew out the window when Trevor’s eyes widened in terror and he began kicking and clawing at Ephraim. This had to end.
 “Trevor, I’m going to get him to let you go. If you tell anyone about him, I will show the video and he’ll probably come after you. Do you understand?”
Trevor continued to thrash, but blinked his understanding. “Ephraim, baby, let go. You’re going to kill him if you don’t. Look, he’s starting to turn purple.”
Ephraim didn’t look at her, but she could see his red eyes and fangs clearly enough. He wasn’t thinking clearly anymore. “He disrespected you,” he growled.
“That doesn’t mean he has to die. Baby, let go.”
“No,” the word came out in a loud growl.
She needed to get between them, but Trevor wouldn’t stop kicking. If he kicked her, Madison knew without a doubt that Ephraim would rip his throat out. “Trevor, stop kicking so I can get you down.”
He didn’t hesitate. He froze on the spot. Madison managed to slide between them, but it was a tight fit. Ephraim didn’t seem to realize or care that she was there. His eyes were fixed on Trevor’s face.
“Ephraim, put him down.” He didn’t respond. If this didn’t work she would have to shoot him. She couldn’t stand by and let him kill someone even an asshole like Trevor.
She stood on her toes and pressed her mouth against Ephraim’s neck. She licked and nipped at his neck, sucking greedily. She felt his arms lower a fraction. Trevor slid slightly down the wall. He took in a gasping breath. Good, he was able to breathe. 
Her tongue traced his Adam’s apple while her fingers yanked down his fly. She reached in and pulled him out. He was long and thick, but soft. She ran her hand over him. She’d never done this before, but knew the idea was to move her hand up and down. 
He growled low and deep as he hardened in her hand. She hoped he wasn’t too far gone that he would bite her. That would be the start of a whole other problem. She knew from his description that he was already in bloodlust brought on by anger so she had to tread carefully. 
Trevor was slowly lowered to the ground, but Ephraim’s grip remained firm as ever. Madison kept gently tugging him forward and his hips moved in response as if they had a mind of their own, but he did not ease his hold or his anger. She could feel it in his neck. His muscles were fixed for battle. 
Her mouth found his, effectively blocking his view of Trevor’s face. She ran her tongue over his fangs, carefully. All she needed at this point was a drop of her blood hitting the air. Then they’d all be in deep shit. She covered his mouth, running her tongue over his, teasing it to come out and play. 
Slowly he melted under her coaxing. He returned her kiss slowly at first until she was gasping for air. He began thrusting in her hand at an even pace. Her intentions may have back fired just a little when his grip tightened on Trevor’s neck. 
She pulled his free hand up to cover her breast. His body was on automatic. He started kneading and cupping her. She felt Trevor’s breath hit the back of her neck. Keeping him breathing was becoming a full-time job. 
Ephraim watched Trevor’s face. He wanted to tear him apart and rip his throat out. He couldn’t focus on anything else. His hand squeezed Trevor’s throat. He liked the feeling. Liked the way Trevor looked. He was scared. Ephraim could smell it.
He was barely aware of what Madison was doing or how he was responding. His eyes remained open while he kissed her. Trevor’s fear was sending endorphins throughout his body. Bloodlust surged through him and he welcomed it. 
Trevor’s eyes were squeezed tightly shut. Tears ran down his face. His lower lip quivered. Ephraim squeezed a little harder. Trevor made a sobbing sound. Trevor’s body began releasing adrenaline at an unprecedented rate. 
The smell was overpowering. He was going to tear Trevor’s throat out. He wanted that blood, now. He tried stepping forward only to have something stop him. He tried again. His brain didn’t comprehend the soft barrier standing between him and his prey.
He tried a different approach. His hand tightened around Trevor’s neck and he tried to drag him to his waiting fangs. The soft barrier stopped him, again. He dropped Trevor back against the wall in frustration. A loud menacing growl escaped his lips. Trevor whimpered loudly.
He was about to throw Trevor to the ground and pounce on him to escape the soft barrier when the smell of female arousal teased his nostrils. The growl halted in his throat. It was close, so very close. It was strong and familiar. Something was registering in his brain. It was the smell of a woman, his woman. 
Possessiveness soared through him. His woman was close by and she was aroused. He was also aware of the scent of another male. He knew that scent to be of his prey, but the scent of sex lingered in the air, confusing him. 
Ephraim’s mouth stopped moving against hers. He bared his fangs, growling loudly. It was the single most terrifying sound she ever heard. That and the combination of him sliding between her fist turned her on more than she’d ever been in her life. 
She needed him, now.
With her free hand, she shoved at the hand that was holding onto Trevor. His grip faltered enough for Trevor to shoot out to his left and towards the door. He stumbled, but didn’t stop. 
Another menacing growl escaped Ephraim’s throat and his hand dropped from Madison’s clothed breast and shot out towards Trevor. He missed. 
“Run!” Madison yelled. 
Trevor scrambled out of the room, leaving behind his shoes. She heard the hallway door slam shut and the sound of an engine turning over. Ephraim tried to pull away to go after him, but he was too confused by bloodlust and competing scents to move.
The soft barrier was stopping him, again. He could still get his prey, could still catch him. A car wouldn’t stop him, he knew that. The barrier grabbed him and held on. His hands pushed at the barrier, but it wouldn’t move. He was starting to become annoyed with the barrier. He shoved forward, hoping to push the barrier out of his way. Something stopped him. Something was behind the soft barrier cushioning it between them. 
Shit! He was going to kill her! Maybe she should have grabbed his gun. It was still on his belt. But she couldn’t stop. She wanted him. He had her pressed tightly against the wall. 
She shoved her pants down by wiggling her hips until they were around her ankles and she could step out of them. She released him and wrapped her arms around his neck as she looked into his eyes.
They were hard and vacant yet determined. Did he even know that she was there? His eyes were focused on her, but unseeing. This had to work. She didn’t have any other ideas at the moment and she wasn’t really trying to think of any. She wanted him so badly that she ached from it.
She used the wall at her back and picked her legs up while holding onto him tightly and quickly wrapped her legs around his waist. There was no way she would be able to perform that acrobatic move again anytime soon. 
Her arms tightened around his neck as she raised herself up. His very erect member brushed against her slit. She sucked in a deep breath. His growl changed, deepened. Slowly, ever so slowly, she lowered herself onto him. 
She was tight, she knew that. She could feel her body struggling to take him in. Her head dropped back as she licked her lips. He felt so incredible. Using her legs, she pulled him in all the way at last. There was only one problem with her plan.
There was no possible way to move. She was literally impaled on him and stuck between him and the wall. There was only enough room now to breathe. Somehow, he managed to move closer when she wasn’t paying attention. She tried to wiggle, but her hips were stuck.
She kissed his chin and mouth, but he was still distant. “Ephraim baby, you have to move now.” 
He didn’t move.
“Shit.” She grabbed his hands and moved them to her bottom, but it was like dragging a fireman’s hose, large, too damn heavy and uncooperative. His hands latched onto her when they made contact, but other than that he didn’t move.
Madison kissed him frantically, running her tongue over his lips, trying to get him to respond. She yanked his hair, he growled viciously, but finally responded. Interesting, he responded to pain. She reached back with great effort and pinched his backside through his pants. He growled again and thrust forward, making her moan. She hoped she didn’t have to pinch him for each thrust.
Pain, something was hurting him. He tried to focus, but all he could focus on was the odor of fear left over from his prey and his woman’s arousal. He knew the woman was his. He could smell his own scent on her. He tried to focus on the woman. He knew she was in front of him, but he couldn’t focus. She was the soft barrier and she was saying something to him and hurting him, but for some strange reason he didn’t want to hurt her back or stop her. Something was telling him not to hurt her. 
Why was she hurting him? He couldn’t focus because with each little shot of pain was a reward of pleasure. Her scent was pushing away everything else now. It was becoming stronger. His own scent was mixing with it. He became aware that he was painfully aroused and enveloped in a tight, wet sheath. 
“Fuck me, Ephraim,” he heard her whisper against his ear. Her breath was hot, sending shivers down his spine. He thrust his hips forward and he groaned long and loud.
He felt her wet tongue gliding down his neck. His hands gripped her bottom, holding her tightly so that she couldn’t move while he took her. He felt her teeth scrape against his skin. He was becoming aware of so many things, but still he was trapped behind a hazy curtain. Dull teeth sank into his neck.
“Shit!” he yelped. 
Madison kissed the abused skin. “Good, now that I have your attention, do you mind joining me?” 
He blinked several times and stepped back just enough to look down at their joined bodies. He licked his lips hungrily as he watched himself disappear inside her body.
“I’ll gladly join you, Madison.”
“Good,” she sounded relieved. “What are you waiting for, baby? Fuck me,” she moaned.
His hands gripped her bottom tighter, holding her as he pulled back and thrust in. She was talking dirty to him. Many women had talked dirty to him in the past, but he’d always found it annoying and distracting. It wasn’t like that with Madison. 
Every nerve in his body came alive as he released his hold on her bottom and yanked his tee shirt off. Balancing her weight on his hips, he moved his hands beneath her shirt. As his hands slid up so did her shirt until there was nowhere for it to go but up and onto the floor. She looked incredible pinned against the wall. He moved closer, one hand going to her bottom and the other one cupped her breast. He squeezed and caressed her ass as his mouth joined his hand on her breast. 
With a groan, he pushed her breast up so he could take the tip into his mouth. She moaned loudly as he licked and sucked her breast greedily as he slid in and out of her. Her hands ran over his back, gently scrapping her nails against his skin and encouraging him to keep going. He thrust harder, loving the sensation. Her fingers threaded through his hair and gently pulled his head back, forcing him to release her breast. 
She cupped his face in her hands and caressed his cheeks with her thumbs while he made love to her. Her thumbs traced a path across his cheeks and down until her thumbs were running over his bottom lip and down to his jaw. “You’re so handsome, Ephraim,” she whispered softly with the sweetest smile that he’d ever seen.
He turned his face and pressed a kiss against her palm. “Love you, Madison.”
Madison pulled him closer for a kiss that threatened to end this quickly only to end up wincing against his mouth when his holstered gun and started digging into her leg and scraping her-oh shit. 
“Ephraim, stop!”
“What?”
“Stop!”
Ephraim pulled out and lowered her to the ground. “Baby, what’s wrong?”
Slapping her hand over the tender spot on her inner thigh, she shook her head as she stumbled away from him. “Nothing’s wrong,” she promised him as she made stumbled the rest of the way into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her and praying that she was wrong. She stumbled the rest of the way over to the sink, raised her foot to the counter, and dropped her hand away.
“Thank god,” she said, closing her eyes on a relieved sigh. The skin was rubbed raw, but it wasn’t broken.
“Just like that,” Ephraim’s deep voice said next to her ear as he cupped hip and slid back inside her. 
 “I’m sorry about the holster. I’ll make it up to you,” he promised as he placed his hand on her thigh and gently rubbed the tender spot while his other hand moved between her legs and quickly renewed her interest. 
She sucked in a deep breath and dropped her head back against his bare shoulder. Her arm came up and snaked behind his head, holding onto him as he gently thrust inside her. “I like watching you,” he whispered seductively as he kissed her earlobe, pulling it between his lips and sucking it gently.
His talented fingers found her swollen clit. They moved in a circular motion, barely touching it and driving her out of her mind. She turned her head and used her hold on him to bring him down so that she could kiss him as he deepened his thrusts. 
When he felt her sheath tighten around him, he forced himself to hold out for another minute and make this good for her. The look of fear on her face when he pulled out hadn’t escaped him. He was going to have to make love to her until she forgot that moment, the moment when she’d realized just how dangerous it was to be with him. 
“Do you like that?” he asked in a deeply sensual voice.
Her free arm moved back and over his now bare hip. She held on as he moved against her. “Yes,” she moaned as she turned the tables on him. “Do you like fucking me, Ephraim?” 
He growled as he thrust harder into her and his fingers pressed firmly against her nub. “Yes, I like fucking you, baby. Is that what you wanted to hear? That I love licking and fucking your pussy until you’re wet and screaming for me?”
“Oh, god!” She started sucking on his neck harder, moaning deeply and she was pushed closer to earthshattering orgasm. She tried to move against him, but he held her tightly as he quickened his pace. He loved her mouth on him. He wanted it everywhere.
He forced his eyes open so that he could watch her come. She gasped as her hold tightened on him. “Fuck me, Ephraim. Oh, please, Ephraim, fuck me!”
That did it. He couldn’t hold back. He slammed into her, lifting her off the floor with each hard thrust. He growled as she moaned and screamed his name. This time he didn’t need to bite her to find his moment and he growled her name as a powerful orgasm was ripped from him.
Panting, he groaned as he licked his lips when her body continued to squeeze him. It was too much for his sensitive flesh. He moved to pull back when her body tightened around him. Her fingers dug into his thigh and the back of his neck as another orgasm slammed into her, making scream his name. 
Unable to help himself, he watched her in the mirror as he pushed back inside her again. He gritted his jaw and continued while she moaned his name. Finally, her hold on him slipped away and she fell forward, slapping her hands against the sink as her leg dropped to the ground.
“That was so good, Ephraim,” she said, panting.
“What do you mean was?” he asked with a chuckle as he grabbed her hips as he continued to thrust inside of her.
She whimpered pathetically when her body started to respond. It was too much, too soon. “Baby,” she said half pleading, half whimpering.
“Yes?”
He was going to kill her with orgasms. There was only one thing to do. She pulled herself off him and turned around and pulled him closer so that she could brush her lips against his. His hands moved greedily over her and she caught his hand as it tried to move between her legs. 
“Just stand right there,” she said with a shy smile, not sure if she was going to manage to pull this off, but right now she was more than willing to try.
His brows rose in confusion as she slowly dropped to her knees, kissing his stomach as she went. “What…” he started to ask only to drop his head back and his mouth formed an “O” of surprise as she took him into her mouth. It wasn’t an expert blowjob by any means, but it was the best one he’d ever had. He lost himself in her beautiful mouth within minutes.
Chapter 21
His arms tightened around her as she shook against him. For the last half hour, they’d sat on her bed, joined. He held her in his arms as she sat on his lap facing him. They’d kissed slowly and moved even slower. He let her set the pace. It was the most powerful experience he’d ever had with a woman. 
He ran his hands down her back as she sleepily laid her head against his shoulder. “Are you tired?” 
She chuckled weakly against his neck. “We’ve been making love for the last…well, I don’t know how many hours and now the sun is up. To say that I’m tired would be an understatement. I’m exhausted.”
Ephraim chuckled. “Me, too,” he said, as he pressed a kiss against her forehead. 
Madison pulled away from him and winced. Everything was sore, absolutely everything, she realized with a smile as she climbed off the bed. 
“Where are you going?”
She looked over her shoulder. “I need a hot shower…alone,” she said, emphasizing the last part with a mock glare.
He watched as her hips swayed back and forth gently as she walked away from him. Nine times he’d made love to her last night, a new record for him. After a century of celibacy, he had some catching up to do and right now his body was coming back to life, more than ready to keep going and set a new record.
“Hold up. I need a shower, too.”
She sighed, “Baby, please I’m so tired. I just want a shower and then go to bed,” she mumbled pathetically, because she was sore, exhausted, and barely managing to keep her eyes open. 
He held up his hands. “Just a shower. I swear.” She threw him a disbelieving look. “I promise.” If he hadn’t said it with a grin she probably would have believed him and she wouldn’t have looked down.
Her eyes widened in surprise. “Ephraim, please no, sleep! I need sleep!”
“And that’s exactly what you’ll get after our shower. I promise I’ll be good. I just want a shower,” he promised her as he took her hand in his and led her into the bathroom.
“Fibber,” she muttered sometime later as her head hit the pillow.
Ephraim laughed weakly as he kissed her wet shoulder. She’d curled up as soon as he laid her on the bed after taking advantage of her in the shower. That’s how she thought of it, especially since he knew that she wouldn’t be able to resist him when he put his mouth down there. It was only natural at that point that she allowed him to lean her against the wall and finish the job. She was a helpless victim here of the passion that he invoked in her. She really was. Granted, he had her begging for it, but that wasn’t the point. 
She looked over at him and sighed. He was out. It gave her some comfort to know that he was as weak as she was on some things, this being one of those things. He looked so cute and innocent. She rolled over and pressed a light kiss to his lips.
“Give me five minutes and I’ll be good to go again,” he mumbled, “I swear.” 
“You’re not getting between my legs again until I’ve had at least eight hours of sleep and some food in my stomach.”
“Not fair,” this came out as a muffled mutter as he buried his face in the pillow. He was down for the count and not getting back up for a while and thank god for that, because so was she.
*-*-*-*
“Madison, wake up please!” Joshua’s cried, as he banged on the door and had her sitting up so fast that it made her head spin. 
“Ephraim!” she hissed. She reached over to wake him and practically fell over when she realized that his side of the bed was empty. “Damn it,” she mumbled when she saw the time. They’d only been asleep for an hour. Well, she had, but she had no idea what he’d been doing. 
He walked back into the room, yanking up his pants. “Baby, get dressed.”
“Madison?” Joshua cried louder.
Ephraim yanked her drawers open and tossed clothes to her. “Hurry up, he’s upset.”
“Just a minute!”
Ephraim walked over to the door, his hand on the doorknob and his eyes on her as he waited for her to cover up. When she had a shirt and pants on, he opened the door. Joshua came running into the room, rubbing his eyes. He didn’t see Ephraim as he ran into Madison’s waiting arms.
“What’s wrong, buddy?” Madison asked as she struggled to keep her balance. He wasn’t a baby anymore and she wasn’t strong enough to hold a ten-year-old boy like this, which became obvious when she stumbled beneath his weight. 
Before she managed to fall on her ass, Joshua gasped as a pair of strong hands pulled him away from Madison. He opened his eyes in surprise. Then his face crumbled again. He threw his arms around Ephraim’s neck and buried his face against Ephraim’s bare shoulder.
“Tell us what’s wrong, little man,” he said in a soothing voice. 
Madison rubbed Joshua’s back. “What happened?” she asked as she tried to ignore the holes in his shirt. 
“Grandma’s crying!”
“What?” she couldn’t help but ask, because that was the last thing she’d expected to hear. 
“She’s crying. He yelled at her and then she talked to them and then…and then…they left for a little while and then they came back and they…and she…” he barely managed to get out as he continued to cry.
Ephraim kissed the top of Joshua’s head. “Where’s Grandma now?”
He took in a deep breath. “She’s downstairs crying, people are yelling, others are crying. It’s horrible! I’m so glad you’re back, Ephraim!” 
Ephraim looked at Madison. “Me, too. Do me a favor and go to your room and relax for a while.”
“No! I need to make Grandma feel better and Jill’s crying, too!”
“Let’s go,” Ephraim murmured as he held Joshua with one arm while he held Madison’s hand with the other as they made their way downstairs. Halfway down, they heard shouting coming from the living room. 
He quickened his pace and stepped into the room as Chris threw his hands in the air. “All right, everyone shut up and stop yelling at her!”
Mrs. Buckman, the one woman he thought was tough as nails, was backed up against the wall crying as several of the renters screamed at her.
“Rent more rooms, because I’m not paying another dime!” one of the men snapped.
“Stop yelling at her!” Brad snapped. “There aren’t any more rooms available.”
“Of course not, there are five rooms being taken and no one is paying.”
“I said shut the hell up!” Chris yelled, but no one paid attention to him and no one noticed Ephraim in the doorway with Madison and Joshua, either. 
“Mama, you said I could come here rent free and now you’re demanding that I pay? That’s not fair and you know what? I’m moving out tomorrow. My friend is going to let me crash at his place for a while,” Candy said, sobbing theatrically. “I can’t believe my own mother would do this to me!” Most of the people stopped yelling long enough to roll their eyes. 
“Look, I said I would try! I can’t afford this anymore. I’m sorry,” Mrs. Buckman cried into her hands.
“I don’t know why everyone is yelling at her. I told you all to come in here and nicely tell her that we’re moving to the boarding house on Smithson, not scream at her!” Brad said.
“You’re all moving out?” Candy asked.
Brad nodded. “We can’t afford to pay more and the Boarding House on Smithson charges less to start with and has more amenities. We had to make a choice.”
“She’s going to lose the house,” Mrs. Adle said to no one in particular. Mrs. Buckman cried harder and tried to turn away, but the people around her made it impossible. 
“If she hadn’t taken in that deadbeat and her kids, she’d be fine!” one of them said, looking at Candy who pretended not to hear.
“No, if that dead beat would help out, she would have been fine.”
“She was fine before they came. No mortgage on the place. Did I tell you that she tried to get a loan and they denied her?” Mrs. Adle informed everyone as if Mrs. Buckman wasn’t standing there crying.
“This is bullshit. I’m not leaving,” a man bit out.
Ephraim recognized the newest renter, the one that he’d meant to have a word with sooner.
Brad scoffed. “That’s because they won’t take you. You haven’t even paid her since you moved in. You’re part of the problem.”
Jill sat in the corner, crying. Everyone was ignoring her. Chris was pushing his way to Mrs. Buckman and in a few seconds, he was pulling her into his arms. After a small hesitation, she wrapped her arms around him and cried against his chest. “Stop it all of you,” he said, but that only seemed to set them off again.
“Do something!” Joshua begged. 
That was fine with him. He’d seen and heard enough. He put Joshua down. “Cover your ears,” he said softly. Joshua nodded and did as he was asked. Madison didn’t wait to be asked before she covered her ears as well.
“I want my last week’s rent back!” some of them started to scream, before everyone else joined in, demanding their money back.
“Quiet!” Ephraim roared.
Everyone in the room covered their ears and cowered back from the deafening roar. It was probably the loudest and most frightening shout they’d ever heard. 
They were still cringing when he walked into the room. Under normal circumstances he was intimidating. Right now, he was frightening as hell. He was half naked with every muscle in his body flexing, readying for a fight. His arms were folded over his chest as he stood in an authoritative stance. His eyes had an icy glimmer to them as they scanned the room, taking in the scene before him. 
“That’s better. Now, everyone move back so that Chris and Mrs. Buckman can sit down on the couch.” 
Sharing nervous glances, the small group stepped back as one. Chris threw Ephraim a relieved look as he brought Mrs. Buckman to the couch.  Ephraim’ shifted his attention to the newest boarder, a man in his mid-thirties. Ephraim hadn’t had a chance to run a background check on him before he left, but he had a feeling that he knew what he was going to find.
“How many weeks do you owe?”
The man’s jaw clenched. “That’s none of your fucking business, pig,” he snapped, letting him know that he had a problem with cops.
Interesting.
“Five,” Brad answered for him. “He never paid her a cent. He gave her a sob story and you know that’s her weakness.” 
Ephraim nodded. “Consider the free ride over. You’re to be packed and out within an hour or I’ll run you and we both know that my search will come back with a warrant or two for your arrest.”
Fine, but I’m not paying a cent,” he snapped even as he swallowed nervously and put a little more distance between them.
“I never thought you would. Just get out. You only have fifty-nine minutes left.”
Jenny, one of the female boarders he couldn’t stand, spoke up. “That’s not fair! We have to pay so should he!”
He ignored her. “Now, raise your hand if you’ve made arrangements to move out.” Every paying hand went into the air, even Candy’s.
He nodded. “When are you moving out?”
Brad cleared his throat. “Tomorrow. They’re able to take us then. If we don’t go tomorrow we lose our spots.”
Ephraim nodded. 
“I want my last week’s rent back!” Jenny said.
He pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to keep himself under control. “You are leaving with less than twenty-four hours’ notice. You are not getting your rent back. You signed an agreement for one week’s notice. So, let it go, because she is not giving it back.”
“That’s not fair!” Jenny yelled.
Ephraim’s hand dropped away and he took a step forward. His eyes locked on Jenny’s as she stumbled back. “Take it to court then. You signed a binding contract.”
Mrs. Buckman sat on the couch, sobbing. He couldn’t stand to see a strong woman broken like that. “Has anyone paid for this upcoming week?”
“No,” they said collectively. That meant she was completely out of money and had no way to pay the bills. It was probably for the best otherwise she would owe them.
“Okay, then you are all free to leave. I suggest you go pack and prepare your rooms for inspection if you want your deposits back,” he said dismissively.
They nodded sheepishly and walked out of the room. Candy straightened her clothing as she stood up. “I guess I should go pack, too.” 
“What?” Madison asked in disbelief.
Candy scoffed. “Madison, your grandmother is going to lose the house. I have to find a place to stay. You don’t want me to be homeless, do you?”
“What about your mother and your kids? Where do you think they’ll end up?” she demanded as she took a step towards Candy, more than ready to finally give her mother the slap that she’d more than earned.
Candy backed up and headed for the door. “I don’t know what you expect from me, Madison. Really, you’re being ridiculous. The kids will be fine. I’m sure the foster homes around here are very nice.”
Ephraim reached out and restrained Madison as she swung at Candy. She missed, but barely. “Get out of here then! We don’t need you!” Madison screamed as she struggled to break free and go after the horrible woman.
“Shh, it’s okay, baby. Just let her go,” he said as he dragged her over to the overstuffed chair by the fireplace and sat her down. He sat on the arm of the chair and held her hand, afraid that if he didn’t, that she would go after Candy again and he’d end up having to bail her out of jail in the morning.
Mrs. Buckman sat up, looking more composed. “I’m sorry about everything. Thank you for your help. Ephraim, I think you should go see if you can snag one of those rooms up before it’s too late,” she said, quickly wiping her hands over her eyes.
Ephraim ran a hand over his hair. “Chris, run up to my room. On the desk you’ll find two folders, grab them along with my checkbook and my wallet’s up there somewhere I think in my pants. Go grab them.”
“Okay,” Chris said, throwing Grandma a forced smile as he ran out of the room.
Sighing, Ephraim sat back. “Eleanor, how bad is it?”
She tried to smile, but couldn’t quite manage it. “I’m late on the utilities, taxes and insurance, but I’ll catch up.”
Ephraim looked between Eleanor and Madison. “Would it really kill you women to let me know when you need help? It would make my life a hell of a lot easier.”
“This is my problem, Ephraim. I’ll handle it. I might have to sell the house, but we’ll be fine. I’ll find an apartment big enough for me and my four grandbabies. We’ll be fine.”
“And what will you do if you can’t sell quickly?” he asked as he ran his eyes over the kids with a sigh, realizing that all of the kids needed new clothes. Hell, even Eleanor and Madison looked like they could use new clothes. She’d told him that Chris needed new clothes, but she’d failed to mention the rest of them.
“We’ll manage,” Eleanor lied.
“Jesus Christ, Eleanor, I bet you don’t have enough money to put food on the table and you think you’ll manage? Look at these kids. They need haircuts and clothes. Living in a house without electricity, water or heat is not going to be good for them either.”
Eleanor bit back a sob. “I’ll manage. My babies are not going into foster care,” she said firmly.
“Foster care? I’m not going. No fucking way,” Chris said, walking back into the room.
“Watch your mouth in front of the kids,” Ephraim said quietly as he took the items from Chris. “Have a seat, this affects you, too.”
Chris sat down on the couch with his arms folded over his chest. He looked scared and was trying not to show it. “I’m not going.”
Ephraim eyed the four of them before looking down at Madison. “Go sit over there with your family so I can talk to all of you without straining my neck, please.”
Madison moved to sit down between her grandmother and Jill while Ephraim sat down in the chair. “Where to begin?” he mumbled as his attention shifted to Eleanor.
“How much do you owe against the house?”
“Nothing. I own it outright.”
That confused him. “Then why did you get denied a loan?”
Her hands fidgeted in her lap. “My age and I wasn’t bringing in enough to cover the bills as it was. The roof cost more than I expected.”
“Did they deny you because of us?” Jill asked.
Eleanor reluctantly nodded. “They said they didn’t feel right loaning money to me with so many dependents. If I didn’t pay on time they didn’t want to have to throw kids out of a house.”
“Damn it,” Chris muttered. “I knew this was my fault.”
“No, it’s not and don’t you dare say that!” Eleanor said fiercely.
“Grandma, I have twelve thousand dollars. You can have that,” Madison said, glad Ephraim had taken it upon himself to get it back.
Ephraim held up his hand the same time Grandma said, “No.” 
“That’s your money, Madison. Keep it in the bank,” Ephraim said as he turned his attention once again to Eleanor. “How much debt do you have?”
Her fingers stilled. “Over fifty thousand dollars.”
“Grandma,” Madison said with a sympathetic sigh.
“With the lawyers, then the roof and the foundation the debt added up pretty quickly. Then I couldn’t rent out the extra rooms to cover the costs. It just got out of hand.”
“And because I was no longer paying for the second room you actually ended up losing money,” Ephraim added. 
She nodded. 
“How much are you going to ask for the house?”
“I’m afraid I won’t get much more than two hundred thousand if that. The house is older than most around here. Last year the Thompsons sold their house, which was about the same size, but brand new and they only got two-sixty. I don’t have high hopes.”
“Are we gonna have to go into a foster home?” Jill quietly asked.
“I’m not going and neither are they. I’ll get a job,” Chris said firmly.
Ephraim sighed as he tossed one folder to Chris and the other one to Eleanor. “What’s this?” they asked in unison. 
“Open them.”
“What does this mean?” Chris asked, frowning as he looked over the legal documents.
“It means you are not going to foster care. It means you are now Christopher Williams.”
“What?” his voice rose. “You adopted me? How? Doesn’t that take months to do?”
“Yes, I adopted you. I asked your mom and she decided that securing your future was better than abandoning you to the streets so she signed the papers. As for the expediency of the adoption, I pulled a few favors.”
“No shit?” Chris asked cautiously, obviously thinking that it might be a joke. He didn’t trust easily and for good reason.
“No shit. You are now officially my brat,” Ephraim said with a wink.
Chris smiled. “Nice,” he said appreciatively.
“I don’t understand this. I already had custody. Emma signed it over. I paid a lawyer quite handsomely too I might add.”
“I’m afraid Candy lied. She didn’t have custody of Joshua. Ephraim was kind enough to secure it before anything happened,” Madison explained.
“So, Joshua is mine now?” Eleanor asked with a watery smile.
“Yes, Candy lost her rights years ago. I got the boy’s father to do the right thing.”
“What about me?” Jill asked.
“Candy signed you over to your Grandmother when you moved here. You’re all set as well.”
“That’s great and all that we all have a family. I’m psyched, don’t get me wrong, but what good does it do when we’re all about to be homeless?” Chris asked as Joshua climbed up onto his lap. Chris hung his arm over the little boy’s shoulder as he waited for Ephraim to answer.
“You’re not losing your home. Things are just going to change.” Ephraim opened his checkbook and quickly filled out a check. He handed the check over to Eleanor. “Have the title signed over to me on Monday.”
Eleanor took the check with shaky fingers. Her eyes widened at the figure. “Ephraim, what’s going on here? You can’t afford this.”
Ephraim shrugged. “I live here because I don’t like living alone, not because I can’t afford it. I’m a very wealthy man,” he said with an uncaring shrug.
“I’ll say.” Jill whispered in a disbelieving tone. 
“Seems I have a rich daddy,” Chris teased.
“Are you sure?” Eleanor asked.
“Yes, I love this house.”
She smiled and nodded. “Thank you, Ephraim. I’m sure I can find an apartment soon enough.”
“We have to move?” Joshua asked as his eyes shot to Madison. “I don’t want to move, again.”
“Shh, sweetie it’s Ephraim’s house now,” Eleanor said.
Ephraim groaned. “Eleanor, I am not kicking the kids out of their home and I am most certainly not kicking you out.”
“You’re confusing me,” Eleanor admitted.
“I may own it now, but this is your home. You and the children will remain here. The house is no longer a boarding house, although we may have guests from time to time. I’d like the kids to have a home of their own where they don’t have to put up with strangers all the time and they’re free to be themselves,” he said as he stood up and stretched.
“Other than that, you run it however you please.” He opened his wallet and pulled out several hundred dollar bills and held them out to her. “Take this and the children and go buy some groceries. Tell everyone else that since they didn’t pay you for the week they’ll have to go elsewhere to eat today. You guys can sit down and have a nice family dinner for once. I’m going to bed now, but when you get back wake me up and we’ll hit the mall, okay?”
Eleanor’s pride stopped her from taking the money even though the fridge and cupboards were completely bare. Ephraim thrust the money into her hand. “Eleanor, I’m very tired. I’ve been awake for over three days so let’s cut to the chase. You live in my house now. I adore you and your grandchildren, my new bratty son eats like a pig and I’m crazy about your granddaughter. Please take pity on me and just take the money and buy some food so I can go back to bed.”
“Ephraim, we can’t accept your charity,” Madison said.
“Madison, it’s not charity. My son needs to eat,” he said, surprised at how easily that rolled off his tongue. Chris turned to hide a smile. “My favorite ten-year-old and fifteen-year-old drama queen need to eat, too.”
“Hey!” Jill gasped. 
“Also, Eleanor needs to eat so that she can keep up with the kids and manage this household. It’s not charity.”
“Yes, it is!”
His hands thrust through his hair. “Have pity, woman. I’m exhausted!”
“Don’t do this because of me,” she said stubbornly.
“Baby, even if you didn’t live here I would still be doing this. Eleanor has taken care of me for the last three years. She’s been good to me and I enjoy her company. I would be buying this house just to keep her here. I would also do it for the kids. I don’t care who lives here. I am the man of this house and I will pay the bills and put food on the table. I don’t expect anything from anyone.”
“Thank you, Ephraim,” Eleanor said as her eyes glowed with warmth. 
“You’re welcome. So, I assume you’re going to stay,” he said, hoping to end this discussion so that he could crawl back into bed.
She nodded, smiling. “If you’ll have us, I would very much like to stay here so the children can have a good home.”
“It’s your home, Eleanor. Don’t ever think it’s not.”
“But-” Madison began.
He threw his hands up in frustration. “I really wish people would stop starting every sentence with ‘but’.” He walked over to the couch and took her hands into his as he dropped to his knees. 
“Baby, please, you’re killing me here. I’m not expecting anything from you. I just want to make sure that we have a roof over our heads. I don’t want to come home to an empty house and I want Chris, Joshua and Jill to remain together with their Grandmother. Can you please see that doing this makes me happy? Do you have any idea how lonely I’ve been and for how long?”
She nodded slowly. She did. He’d been alone for too long. One look in his eyes and she knew that he was doing this for himself as well. He desperately needed them to stay. She sighed, “Okay, but I want to pay for the food then. That’s only fair.”
“But you’ll stay?” he hedged as he waited nervously for her answer.
“Yes.”
“Good, then do whatever you want. But today I pay for the food.” He pressed a kiss to her forehead, remembering that they had an audience and stood up. 
“I’m going to bed, wake me up later and we’ll go to the mall.”
“For what?” Chris asked.
“Clothes shopping.”
“Oh, that sucks. Let’s pick up some chicks instead.”
Jill reached behind Chris and hit him soundly upside his head.
“What is with you women and hitting me?”
Ephraim shook his head. “I can’t imagine.”

Chapter 22
“Chris, get back in there! You’re not supposed to come out here in your underwear!” Madison hissed before she turned her glare on Ephraim. “Stop laughing! You’re only encouraging him!”
“What? Is something wrong?” Chris feigned innocence. 
A little girl walking by the dressing room pointed and giggled. Several high school girls went by blowing kisses at him. 
Chris winked and flexed his muscles. He was built for a sixteen-year-old, Madison noticed. That was kind of weird, because she knew that he didn’t work out unless video games were categorized as exercise now.
“Chris,” she warned.
“You told me to try on my new clothes and come out here and show you. So here I am,” he explained as he turned around to show off his underwear. 
“You’re not supposed to try on underwear and you know you’re not supposed to step out here like that!”
Ephraim doubled over with laughter. “Those are his underwear.”
“Oh, look at that so they are,” Chris said with amused interest. “Hmm, imagine that.”
“Stop wiggling your ass!” Madison fought back the laughter, but it was a losing battle.
“Wait, gotta make sure these look good gangsta style.” He lowered his boxers to his hips and made mocking gang signs.
The breath caught in Madison’s throat. There, below his navel was a light brown crescent moon and cross birthmark. Her eyes shot to Ephraim’s. He suddenly looked deadly sober. 
“Don’t,” he warned.
“Young man, go back into the changing room, please. This is a family store,” a security guard said.
“Oh, I’m sorry. My sister told me to do it,” Chris said as he gestured lazily to Madison.
“Ma’am, please save the fashion shows for home. I have a lady hyperventilating in my office right now from his little show,” the security guard explained as Madison narrowed her eyes on Chris.
“She liked what she saw, huh?” Chris asked, wagging his eyebrows.
“Just go,” the man said, trying to hide a grin as he walked away.
Madison turned to look at Ephraim. “You knew!” she whispered excitedly.
“That he’s a Sentinel? I knew the first time I arrested him. I’ve been watching over him ever since. Now I had to step up before he gets hurt. He’s part of the reason why I finally accepted their offer. You’re the other. That’s also the reason I bought the house. It’s going to be turned into a Sentinel home.”
“What does that mean?”
“An alarm system, the place will be upgraded. A training facility will be built in the basement and it will be home to a few select clergy to help in the area. This will be our area to protect.” 
“Are you going to tell him?”
“No, not yet. He has a lot on his plate right now.” 
When she gave him a disapproving look, he continued, “Madison, let him be a boy for a little while longer. He’s never had a childhood. Let him have another year before he’s forced to grow up. That was the deal I made with the council. I will protect him and train him myself. He’s going to have vampires and minions after him in good time. For now, let him be a boy. Can’t you see how badly he needs that? Needs a family? He’s already been rushed into adulthood. Let him hang onto the last thread of his childhood before he has to be a man for everyone else. Please?”
She nodded. “You’re right. He’s been so happy the last two weeks. He only comes to detention now to keep me company and his grades have gone up.”
“Exactly, we tell him now and he’s either going to rebel hard or get into it too fast and get himself killed. Please don’t tell him.”
“Tell me what?”
They looked up in time to see Chris coming out of the changing room in his old clothes. Madison had a sneaking suspicion that improved hearing was part of the Sentinel package.
“Are you all set for clothes?” she asked.
“Yes, these all fit.” He dropped them back into the carriage. “Tell me what?”
Ephraim stood up. “Well, I guess the surprise is ruined.”
“What surprise?”
“You’re going with me.”
“Where?”
“I’m going to get a tattoo,” Ephraim explained as he reached back to make sure that the two pieces of paper he carefully folded and placed in his back pocket earlier were still there. They were Sentinel symbols identifying him as a Pyte and a Sentinel by election. The symbols were known to Sentinels and would save him time and energy later if he had to identify himself or ask for help. 
“Really?”
“Yes, I have two symbols that I really like. You can come with me,” he said before raising an eyebrow in challenge. “That is unless you’re afraid.”
“Don’t start that shit, man. Let’s go!” he said, practically skipped over to Ephraim.
Ephraim pulled out his wallet and handed over the last of his cash to Madison. “Ephraim, there’s like two grand here.” 
“I know. That should cover everyone.”
“That is more than enough to cover you and the kids and Grandma.”
“And you. Go buy some clothes.” She opened her mouth to argue. “Please just go buy whatever you want. I still owe you a birthday gift. So, go buy some clothes.”
“You didn’t give her a gift? What happened to the ri-”
Ephraim’s hand clamped tightly across Chris’ mouth. “Let’s go before I decide to take Joshua instead of you.”
“Thank you,” she said as she pulled him down for a kiss. “But you need to stop or you’re going to make me spoiled.”
“I like spoiling you,” he said as he kissed the tip of her nose. “I’ll see you later, baby.”
She nibbled on her lip. “Are you really getting tattoos?”
“Yes.”
“Where?”
“Oh, I think we’ll leave that as a surprise.”
*-*-*-*
“You said you were only getting two tattoos,” Chris reminded him from his stool.
“I lied.”
“Apparently.”
“I decided on the third one when we stepped in here if you must know.”
“I must.”
“You know I’ve been doing this for ten years,” Ed, the man who was filling in the tattoo on his chest, said. “And I can honestly tell you that I’ve never had a client that stood for his tattoo, never mind two at the same time.”
Jeff, the man who was filling in the one on his right shoulder, said, “I would have to agree with that. I like these designs, man. Celtic?”
“Yes, and I’ll pay you an extra hundred dollars each never to replicate them for anyone.”
“Wanna keep the designs original? I gotcha man. Don’t worry about it. We don’t use anything here that we don’t have permission for. Plus, these damn tats of yours are so fucking intricate that I would never be able replicate them anyway.”
“I appreciate it, gentlemen,” Ephraim said.
“I thought for sure you’d flinch or cry or something. You’re really disappointing me, Dad,” Chris said, half teasing, but it was more than obvious that he really liked calling Ephraim that.
Ed looked up at Ephraim with a curious look. “I would have guessed he was your brother.”
“Nope, he’s my son.”
“I’m adopted,” Chris said proudly.
“Well, your Dad’s a bad ass. I’ve had bikers who cry and squirm under my needle. Not your old man. Not one move.”
“It hurts like hell, but I don’t want to mess it up.” He lied. He barely felt the burn of the needle. He’d learned long ago how to block out pain.
“Smart man. One fuck up and this would be totally messed up.”
He frowned. “That’s what I thought.”
“So, Dad, where are you going to put the third one?” Chris asked.
“On my bicep.”
“Really? If you think you can handle it, John should be back from his break in a few minutes. He can do that. Jeff, what do you think?”
“Hey, as long as everyone stays in their own space and he doesn’t move, we should be good.”
“Sounds good,” Ephraim said. It really didn’t hurt that much. The skin healed as they worked. Plus, he’d had worse from Nichols.
“You know I think you should skip the tribal tattoo on your arm and instead put fangs, bloody fangs, big ones,” Chris said as he grinned hugely.
Ephraim narrowed his eyes on Chris. Chris’ hands shot up in surrender. “Just kidding.”
“You want an ‘M’ in the middle of the tribal band on your arm, right?”
“Yes.”
“She might not like that,” Chris pointed out.
“It’s not for her. It’s for me.”
“Okay, whatever you say.” He chugged his soda down. “Hey, can I get a tattoo.”
“Not without your father’s permission and even with that I won’t do it until you’re at least seventeen,” Ed said.
“I can wait. Dad, can I?”
“We’ll see how the grades are. If they’re good then I’ll take you.”
“Sweet.”
*-*-*-*
He groaned. What the hell had he been thinking getting a tattoo with her initial? The woman hyperventilated just hearing the word “love” and here he was sporting a tattoo with an ‘M.’ She was going to flip out. He’d be lucky if she didn’t kick him out of her bed for good.
A light snore caught his attention as he closed the hallway door. She was asleep thank god. At least he could catch up on his sleep and be well rested for the day of yelling that he was going to have to endure tomorrow. That was something at least.
After making sure that she was asleep and not waiting to ambush him, he stripped out of his clothes and climbed into the bed. He curled up against her and pressed a kiss to her bare shoulder before drifting off.
With his teeth clenched and eyes still shut, he threw his head back and moaned. This was either the best wet dream of his life or Madison was riding him, hard. 
Her hands roamed over his stomach and chest as she moved on him. She was moaning and panting loudly. “Oh, Ephraim! Mmm, baby, you feel so good!” Her body clenched and spasmed around his. She moved harder and faster on him until she was screaming his name. 
Ephraim grabbed her, pulling her down on him and in one move had her on her back. He started thrusting into her, hard, setting off another orgasm and then another until he finally joined her. When his body relaxed, he lowered himself on top of her with a groan.
“Good morning, Madison,” he murmured, pressing a soft kiss against her lips.
“Mmmm, good morning, I was wondering how long it would take you to wake up and realize that I was taking advantage of you.”
He chuckled softly. “I thought I was having the best dream ever,” another kiss, “turns out I was having the best morning.”
Her hand gently caressed the left side of his chest. “Did I mention that I like your tattoo?”
“Yeah?”
“Mmmhmm, it’s very sexy.”
He pushed himself up so he could see her better. “Sexy, huh?” 
“Mmm, very.” She traced the black circular tattoo with her finger. “It’s like a maze. Is this Celtic?”
“No, but I guess I can tell you. It’s an ancient Hebrew symbol with a slight variation.” Holding himself up, he pointed to the symbol in the middle of the maze. 
“Hey, I didn’t even notice that until you pointed it out. That’s really cool. It’s the same symbol Chris has.”
“Yes, it’s the Sentinel symbol. The design prevents anyone from seeing it unless it’s pointed out to them or they know to look for it.”
“So, it will identify you? Can’t someone else get the same tattoo and trick them?”
He shook his head. “No, take a better look at the maze on each side what do you see?”
“Words, but I can’t read them.”
“They’re from an ancient language that was forgotten a long time ago. The Sentinel’s don’t even know what they mean anymore, but it’s their motto and would identify me. No one other than a Sentinel knows these words.”
“What if they told someone?”
“They wouldn’t.”
“But you told me and I wouldn’t have noticed them unless you told me. Aren’t you breaking a rule?”
His eyes then took on a guarded look. “No, I told them that I would show you. You haven’t told anyone my secret. They appreciate that.”
“And if I told anyone those words?” She looked at his chest.
“They would take you.”
“Take me?”
“Yes, but I wouldn’t let them do that. Besides, there’s nothing to worry about. You won’t tell.”
“No, I won’t, but it’s still unnerving.”
“You’re fine, sweetheart. Trust me.”
“Okay.”
“Just forget these are symbols and don’t point anything out to anyone and you’ll be okay.”
“So, just let them think my man has really sexy tattoos?”
He groaned, “I like it when you call me your man.”
She giggled and wiggled beneath him. “I can tell.”
“Good then I won’t have to stop and explain how much I like it,” he explained as he began moving inside her again.
“Oh, no you don’t! I want to see the other tattoo.” Her eyes went to his left bicep. “I didn’t get a very good look at that one. Is it a tribal band?”
He pulled out of her slowly and sat on the bed next to her. “Yes, that one is a tribal one. The one on my back is the one that identifies me as a Pyte,” he said as he turned, trying to distract her from the tattoo on his arm and for the moment, it worked.
She ran her fingers over the tattoo on his back. “I don’t understand why you need this tattoo. Won’t they figure it out?”
“I’m wearing this one as a symbol of pride. I didn’t have to get this one. The council was showing me some of the old books to show me that four other Pytes had joined their ranks years ago and wanted me to see the good that they were able to do. I saw that symbol in the book and they told me what it meant. I asked for a copy so I could have that put on my back. It has no hidden symbols and it isn’t a secret.”
She pressed a kiss against it. “Oh, sorry. Did that hurt? I forgot these things are supposed to take a while to heal.”
“No, they don’t hurt. I was healed before I left the tattoo parlor. Thankfully the ink will never fade. The damage done to my skin is already repaired.”
“This one’s sexy, too,” she said in a low voice.
“Yeah?” He turned his head back for a kiss. She took his lips in a long sensual kiss before abruptly breaking it off. 
“Wait, I want to see the third one and see if it’s just as sexy as the first two,” she teased.
“No, Madison, wait. Let me-”
Too late, she’d already moved around him. Her fingers traced the tattoo and he knew from the way that her fingers shook and her breath caught that she was touching the ‘M’.
“Madison, listen before you get mad, I was just-”
“Is this an ‘M’?”
“Yes,” he said carefully.
“Is it…” she swallowed. “Is it for my name?”
“Yes,” he said, prepared for an argument. 
Her fingers continued to trace his skin until her hand was gliding over his arm, squeezing and caressing his muscles. “You know I’m really surprised.”
“I know and I-”
“I really like it. I like seeing it on your arm,” she whispered as she pressed a kiss against his arm.
“You like it?” he asked, unable to disguise the surprise in his voice.
She took his other hand and brought it between her legs. “What do you think?” she moaned as she gently rocked her hips against his fingertips.
He sucked in a breath. She was wet, very wet and very swollen. “I think you better be prepared to spend a day in bed with your legs in the air,” he growled as he pounced on her, pinning her to the bed in one swift move and entering her in another.
She was giggling hard until he started moving. Then those sounds of delight turned into sounds of pleasure.

Chapter 23
Don’t puke, don’t puke, don’t puke, she chanted in her head as she took a slow breath and leaned her head against the cool surface of her desk. She sighed as the small comfort calmed her distress, slightly.
“Are you okay, Miss Soloman?” someone asked.
She looked up to see her class staring at her. “I’m fine. Are you done with your exams?”
Most of the class shook their heads. “Okay, you guys have fifteen more minutes. I suggest you use the time wisely. Remember, the highest grade doesn’t have to take the final exam next week.” 
That got their attention. 
They dropped their eyes back to their exams as she turned her attention to her computer screen, trying to look busy. Her stomach rolled uncomfortably. Four days, four longs days of this. She was vomiting morning, noon and night. This all started when Ephraim left to go to Concord for a conference and training with the State Police. 
Madison couldn’t believe she could miss one person, a man for that matter, so much. Her appetite was gone and she couldn’t sleep. She was in love with him. There was no getting around it. 
She loved Ephraim. 
For the first time in her life she was in love with a man. Ephraim was everything she never thought a man could be, thoughtful, kind, generous, funny and sweet. He was also calm and patient. For the past three months, he’d told her that he loved her without any expectations and he never once became upset when she didn’t say it back. Ephraim never even asked how she felt. He seemed content with just telling her how much he loved her and just in case she didn’t believe him, he also had no problem showing her.
He was so unselfish and it made her feel like the biggest bitch in the world. God, she didn’t deserve him. She rubbed her hands over her face. Tonight, when he got home she was going to tell him just how much she loved him. Perhaps a movie and a drive somewhere romantic followed by five or six hours between the sheets would do the trick. Maybe she should make a romantic meal.
Maybe not.
 Her stomach protested at the idea. She placed her hand on her stomach and sighed with relief when the bell finally dismissed her class. Exams were dropped off on her desk as they made their way out of the room. 
“Free period, thank god,” she murmured, pushing back her chair. She was going to hunt down a can of ginger ale and crash on the couch in the teacher’s lounge for the next forty-five minutes.
“Madison!” Chris hissed from the doorway.
She could cry. She really could. “What?”
He ignored the irritation in her voice and took it as invitation to come in, shutting the door behind him. “Has Dad called you?” 
“No, I told you last night that he called in the morning.”
Chris looked upset. Actually, now that she took the time to really look at him, he didn’t look good at all. His hair, which was short and usually swept forward was mussed. He had dark circles under his eyes. He’d forgotten to shave and he was wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday for his date with Amber.
“Fuck!” He shoved his hand through his hair. “Is he still coming home tonight?”
“Yeah. Chris, what’s going on? You’ve been acting funny since you came home last night. Did you and Amber have a fight?” She was a sweet girl even though she had a bit of a reputation.
His eyes widened. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, you don’t have to wait for Ephraim to get home. You can talk to me you know.”
He crossed his arms over his chest and looked around. “With you?” He looked surprised.
“Yes, me. You used to confide in me, you know. I may not be a guy, but I can answer questions about girls, probably better than Ephraim.”
His face paled. “I can’t talk to you about this.”
She didn’t have the patience for this today. “Don’t you have a class to go to?” she snapped a little harsher than she’d planned, but her head was spinning almost as fast as her stomach was and she really didn’t have the patience for this.
Chris put his hands up in surrender. “Holy shit, I didn’t know it was that time of the month, Madison.”
Her temper erupted. “Chris, we are in school right now. You know that you’re supposed to call me Miss Soloman, not Madison. And for your knowledge I’m sick. It’s not my time of the month!” she snapped, but something clicked, something not good. She sat back down and tore her desk apart, looking for her planner.
“Whoa, calm down, Madison! What’s wrong?” Chris asked as he around the desk, ready to help.
“Aha!” She found it in her bottom drawer and practically ripped it apart when she opened it.
Chris’s finger blocked her view. “What’s that sad face mean?”
Madison pushed his finger away and looked. She swallowed as dread sank in the pit of her stomach. “That means I’m…” She counted from that date to today’s. “Shit.”
“What?” he asked, shooting her a worried look.
“I gotta go.”
“Where?” he asked as he watched as she grabbed her purse, nearly knocking her computer off the desk with an elbow. 
“I have something I really have to do,” the words rushed out of her mouth as she stumbled out into the hall.
“Madison, are you okay?” Chris asked, catching up to her.
 “Yes, no, yes, I don’t know. I have to go.”
“You’re leaving school?”
“Yes, sick. Going home, good idea,” she rambled on, sounding like an idiot and not really caring at the moment.
She wasn’t aware that he was still with her until she was in the front office. Mrs. Adams, the secretary, waddled over to them. “Good heavens, Miss Soloman, you’re pale as a ghost. Is everything okay?”
“Going home sick,” she managed to get out.
“Oh, I guess so. I hope you feel better, sweetie.”
“That’s not very likely anytime soon,” she mumbled.
“What’s that?” Mrs. Adams asked. “I didn’t quite catch that.” 
Chris did. His brows pulled together as he looked her over.
“Nothing. I’ll be back tomorrow,” she said as she gave the secretary a weak smile.
“And you, Chris, what can I do for you?” Mrs. Adams asked, looking him over and not happy with what she saw.
“I’m sick, too. I’m going home,” he said.
“Not without permission from a parent or guardian.”
He gestured to Madison. “You have it from her. She’s my dad’s girlfriend.”
“But-”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Adams,” Chris said cheerfully. 
He had to run to catch up with Madison, who was talking to herself.
“Just sick. Just sick. Just sick. Nothing to worry about. Just sick.” She pulled her keys out of her purse with shaky hands.
“Oh, no you don’t. You’re not driving,” Chris said as he took the keys from her.
“What?” she asked, looking lost.
“Get in. Tell me where you need to go and I’ll take you,” he said as he unlocked her door and helped her in. When he climbed behind the wheel her brain started functioning again.
“Wait, you don’t have a license. You can’t drive.”
He turned the car on and threw it into drive. “Hmm, look at that. It seems that I can.” She was shocked to see that he could and well.
“It’s probably for the best if I don’t know the how’s or the whys behind your driving abilities,” she said as she held a hand over her eyes and tried to relax.
“Yeah, that’s probably for the best. Now, where to?”
She bit her lip, thinking. That was a good question. She needed to know badly, but she didn’t want anyone to know. It was a small town after all. She didn’t need this particular bit of news spreading.
“I need to go to a pharmacy,” she said slowly. Yes, a pharmacy would do. She looked over at Chris. He seemed at ease behind the wheel. Hmmm, perhaps having him along would work out after all. “Chris, I need you to run into the store and grab something for me.”
“Sure thing, what do you need? Cold medicine? Aspirin?”
“Pregnancy test.” 
*-*-*-*
“Are you crazy? I’m not buying that.”
“Chris, we’ve been arguing about this for a half hour,” she pointed out as she looked around the parking lot. “No one’s around so just go inside and grab a test.”
“Hell no!”
“Chris!”
“No! If I go inside they’ll think I’ve knocked someone up when I can’t even…” his voice trailed off with a firm shake of his head before he finally mumbled, “I’m not doing it.”
“Please!” She pouted.
“No, you go do it. You’re the one who needs it.” 
“No! That’s worse!”
He rolled his eyes. “How is that worse?”
She scoffed, “I’m a twenty-four-year-old single female teacher. How is that not worse?”
He raised a brow, still waiting for a reasonable answer. “If I get it, I’m a slut. If you get it, you’re a stud.”
His face colored as he looked away. She couldn’t be sure, but he looked like he was going to cry. “Chris, are you okay?”
Chris cleared his throat. “I’m fine. Look, this is more important than my problems. You might be carrying the love child of a 206-year-old bloodsucker who refuses to raise my allowance,” he tried to joke. “I think this takes precedence.”
They stared at each other for several long minutes, hoping the other would give in. Finally, she broke. “Fine, will you go in with me then?”
“Will it make you feel better?”
“Yes.”
“Sure thing. The worse thing that could happen is that people will think that you are carrying my baby. I’m sure it’s perfectly normal for a female teacher to be with her male student at a pharmacy in the middle of the day, buying a pregnancy test. What could go wrong?” he asked dryly.
She opened her door. “Fine,” she ground out. Damn it, he was too perceptive sometimes. This time it was probably a good thing. “Stay here. You know, you really are a brat and I’m telling your father to cut your allowance, you little traitor,” she said out of aggravation when his hand shot out and gripped her arm, stopping her from walking away. 
“Chris, I was just kidding,” she said, but he ignored her and pulled her back inside the Jeep.
“What?”
He nodded towards the front of the pharmacy. “Oh, no. Is that Mrs-”
“Stevens? Yes, we need to go somewhere else or she’ll spread the news of your purchase everywhere by dinner time. She’ll definitely call Grandma as soon as she leaves the store.”
“Oh no,” she groaned and looked over at him. “Do you feel like taking a drive out of town?”
He started the car. “I rather like long drives. We’ll make a day of it. Shopping, peeing on a stick, and probably a little hyperventilating,” he said brightly.
“Brat.” 
*-*-*-*
“Well?” Chris yelled from the side of the road, startling her.
 “I haven’t done it yet. Give me a minute. It’s not easy to pee on a stick in the woods you know,” she said, worrying her bottom lip as stared down at the pink box in her hands.
“Oh, sure it is. You just unzip, pull it out, and-”
“I meant for me, you jackass!”
“Ouch, I hope you don’t use that language in front of the baby.”
“Little brat,” she muttered. After one last look back to make sure that Chris still had his back turned, she somehow managed to pee on the stick without making this already difficult day worse. 
“Please be positive,” she whispered, surprising herself.
 A baby with Ephraim?
She’d thought about it, but not seriously. He wasn’t even sure that they could have a baby together. It was possible, she guessed, but she’d never really taken it seriously. She’d never even considered using birth control in the last few months they’d been sleeping together, because she was apparently an idiot.
She replaced the cap on the stick and fixed her clothing before walking back towards the Jeep. Chris was pacing along the side of the road. When he saw her, he came right over, looking just as nervous as she felt.
“Well?”
“It will take another minute,” she said as they both stared down at the stick in her hands, waiting for the digital test to stop blinking. 
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yeah, I think so. I just want to know.”
He put his arm around her shoulders. “It will be okay. Ephraim is a good Dad and you’re all motherly so you’ll both be fine.”
“Thank you.” Damn it, he was going to make her cry.
A small beep had them both going still. 
“I guess we know our answer,” Chris said after a minute as he gave her shoulders a reassuring squeeze.
“Excuse me?” a man said behind them, startling them both.
They turned around to see a large man with menacing dark eyes standing in front of a black van, watching them. Before she could do anything, Chris was pushing her back and stepping in front of her.
“Can we help you?” he asked.
 “Are you Madison Soloman?” the large man watching their every move asked, smiling coldly as he took in the scene before him.
“Who are you?” she asked, taking a step back and dragging Chris with her.
“Oh, no need to run, sweetheart. We’re here to give you a ride.” 
“Chris, run!” she yelled, giving Chris a shove and praying that he finally listened to her. Instead of running, Chris crumbled to the ground next to her.
“Chris!” she screamed as she dropped to her knees and reached for him when she spotted the blood trickling down from behind his ear. Before she had a chance to do anything, she felt a sharp blow to the back of her head, turning everything black.
*-*-*-*
Madison was pregnant. 
It had taken every last ounce of his willpower not to tell her the morning he’d left. She’d looked so beautiful sleeping that he hadn’t wanted to disturb her. He’d woken up at three in the morning to the change in her scent. It had taken him a good ten minutes before he could be certain. He ran his nose over her stomach several times, terrified that he was wrong. It had taken her swatting him away in her sleep to get him to move. 
He’d hated leaving her like that.
Now he was rushing back to her. He’d left the conference early this morning so that he could surprise her. He needed to do this right. This was their first baby together and he had to make this right for her. She was marrying him and that was all there was to it. He’d been waiting for months to ask her and he was done.
He’d been patiently waiting for the right time. Madison was comfortable with him where her body was concerned, god was she ever, but it was her heart that he wanted. He’d never rushed her, tried to push her for more than she was willing to give him, because he hadn’t wanted to scare her off. He didn’t need to hear the words, because he already knew that she loved him. He hoped at least. Now he couldn’t wait any longer.
As soon as he saw her, he was going to drop to one knee and propose before she found out about the baby. He didn’t want her thinking that the baby was the reason that he wanted to marry her. It wasn’t. He loved her more than anything in the world. She was everything to him. Now, if he could only get her to see that his life would be complete.
Speak of the devil, he thought with a smile when his cell phone rang and he saw who was calling him. “Hey, baby, you miss me?” he asked when he answered the phone.
“My, my, my, Ephraim. I don’t remember that being your pet name for me,” a teasing, sultry voice practically purred.
Cold fear ran through him. “What are you doing with this phone?” he asked, forcing himself to stay calm when all he wanted to do was reach through the phone and tear the bitch apart.
“What, no ‘I miss you, Caroline’, ‘I’ve been nothing without you’, not even ‘I miss fucking you’?” she said in a pouty voice followed by a shrill laugh. “Uh oh, seems Madison didn’t like hearing the last part. I guess you forgot to tell her about us, huh?”
“You know me, I lose interest quickly.”
“Tsk, tsk, such a shame.”
“I don’t think you have her.”
“Don’t you trust me?” she asked in an annoying baby voice.
“You could have had any one of your minions grab her phone. Put her on or I hang up,” he said, trying not to panic.
“Very well, just for a minute since we’re not exactly done having our fun with them yet.”
“Them?” he asked as everything in him went still.
“Two for one roadside snatch job. I’m really rather proud of my boys.”
“Prove it.”
“Very well, just don’t hang up. I wouldn’t want you to miss out on the fun.”
He waited for what seemed like an eternity before he heard Madison’s voice. “Ephraim?”
“Madison?”
“Ephraim, they have Chris, too!”
“Shh, it’s okay, baby. I’m coming to get you.”
“No! Ephraim, that’s what they want! Don’t do it!”
“Madison, I’m not leaving either one of you with those sick bastards. I love you and I’m coming for you. Put that bitch back on now.”
“Please, Ephraim, don’t-”
“Time’s up,” Caroline said, sounding extremely pleased as she took the phone back. “If you want them, then come to the old mansion on Drewberry Street. Do you know the one?”
“Yes.”
“Good, now remember the faster you come, the faster our fun can begin,” she said before ending the call. 
“Goddamn it!” he snapped as he threw the emergency lights and sirens on and floored it.

Chapter 24
Madison and Chris huddled together on the floor as they watched the blonde hair, blue eyed bitch, as Madison liked to think of her, pace the cavernous stone basement as she kept glancing their way with a thoughtful expression on her face that actually scared her.
“I’m going to get you out of here, Chris. I promise,” Madison whispered.
Chris took her hand in his and raised it, shaking it gently until their chains made a soft clinking noise. “How exactly are you planning on saving me when you can’t even save yourself?”
She narrowed her eyes on the ungrateful brat.
 “Someone shut them up. I’m trying to think,” the blonde bitch said.
“If we’re making too much noise, then we’d be happy to wait outside so that you can think. Hey, I don’t mind chilling in a car if it will help you,” Chris said with his most charming smile.
Blonde bitch growled her frustration. “Shut up! Just shut up! The two of you have wrecked my plans!”
“At the risk of pissing you off and getting our throats torn out, I have to ask, how exactly did we wreck your plans? You kidnapped us,” Chris pointed out.
“I’ve been planning this for over a hundred and forty years.”
“Bullshit, we haven’t even been alive for a hundred and forty years,” Chris snapped.
“Ah, Chris, I think she was talking about Ephraim,” Madison said as she glanced around the large basement, looking for a way out.
“Oh,” he murmured before gesturing for the crazed bitch to continue. 
Her cold eyes focused on Chris. “The only reason that I’m not ripping your throat out right now is because you’re a Sentinel and you will definitely be useful to have along,” she announced, making Madison go still as she sat there, realizing that Chris might actually be in more danger than she’d thought.
Chris laughed it off. “Lady, you’re confused. I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I’m not a Sentinel, whatever the hell that is.”
Blonde bitch stopped abruptly to study him. “Don’t play coy with me, little boy. I’ve been alive for over five hundred years and I can sniff out a Sentinel from a hundred yards away and you, boy, are definitely a Sentinel. The only question at the moment is whether or not I have to worry about your mate coming to get you since that would wreck my plans.”
“Huh?”
She rolled her eyes and walked over to them. “Let’s see where we stand on the mate issue, shall we?” she said as she grabbed Chris by the ear and yanked him up. “Ouch!” Releasing his ear, she yanked his shirt up and his pants and boxers down until they were barely covering his groin.
“Hey, stop that!”
The crazed bitch laughed. “Oh, calm down. It’s not as if you can get it up so I wouldn’t worry if I were you.”
Chris went utterly still. Madison watched as all the blood in his face disappeared. “What are you talking about?” he spoke calmly with only a hint of a crack in his voice, but she could tell that the bitch had hit a nerve.
“That you can’t get it up? Because I’m not your mate.” She ran her finger over his mark, causing white smoke to rise from his mark. She hissed as she pulled her hand away and put her finger into her mouth and sucking it gently before she said, “The real deal. You are a Sentinel, let me assure you.”
“What did you mean by the mate part?” Chris asked, more focused than she’d ever seen him before. His eyes never left the bitch as he waited for an answer.
She laughed. “Were you afraid that your manhood was faulty? Or was your fear that you didn’t really like girls?”
 Chris’ hands clenched into fists.
“I am so happy to be the one to tell you this then. You are a Sentinel and because of that, your packaging only wants one woman,” she said, holding up her hand to stop him when he opened his mouth to speak. “Your mate was made for you and you for her. I promise you that if I let you out of here alive and you meet her that you’ll be able to perform without any problems whatsoever and more importantly, you’ll want her.”
He nodded slowly as he sat back down. “That’s good to know at least,” he said as he avoided Madison’s gaze. “Incidentally, I don’t need to have that talk with Dad anymore,” he looked thoughtful for a moment before he continued, “I believe I will need to have an entirely different conversation with him though.”
“Imagine my relief,” the bitch said acidly. 
“How did Madison wreck your plans?” Chris asked as Madison took his hand in hers and gave it a reassuring squeeze, hoping that he understood that she was going to do whatever it took to get him out of here.
She gestured towards Madison. “She’s carrying his child. The child I want. Granted, it cuts some time off my plans, but now he won’t come. He knows I won’t hurt her until the baby’s delivered since you’re too valuable for me to me to hurt right now.”
“So, you don’t think he’ll come?” Chris asked, sounding relieved.
Bitch kicked a solid oak end table clear across the room, smashing it against the stonewall. “Of course, he won’t come. At least, not until the baby is born. That was the only thing I could use to get him to even consider my plan before. Now he has one on the way. He doesn’t love women, he uses them. The bastard’s cold.”
“Then why did you think kidnapping us would bring him here?” Chris asked.
“I didn’t want you. My slaves fucked up if you must know, but I am rather happy about it now. It’s not every day that I get an untrained Sentinel as a gift.” She didn’t know Ephraim had been training him and by Chris’ amused expression he was slowly realizing what Ephraim had done for him. His lips tugged up into a smile, but quickly disappeared when the bitch turned her glare on him.
“God damn it!” she screamed as she kicked the matching table and sent it flying across the room, crashing against the wall. “There’s no way that bastard doesn’t know she’s pregnant. He has the strongest senses of anyone I’ve ever met. He probably knew the second it happened.”
“So, he was using me?” 
Madison didn’t believe it, but the bitch might.
The bitch laughed a cold superior laugh and leaned down, resting her hands on her knees. “Oh, did you think you were special? That he was ever going to love you? Oh, that is rich.”
She straightened up and paced again, shaking her head in disbelief. “I’ll admit that I wasn’t sure what his plan was with you. He usually uses a woman and tosses her aside. Then it dawned on me that he was finally going to try and get that child that he’d always wanted.”
Her hands came together with a loud clap. “And now that baby will be mine,”
she said with a huge smile even as Madison noted that she looked lost in thought. 
 “And you think he’ll want you? That he’ll stay with you?” Madison asked slowly as a feeling of dread came over her.
“Of course he will,” she spat out. “Did you think he’d stay with you? You’re aging even as we speak. Did you really think he was going to climb between your legs in fifty years and suck on your flattened tits?” She laughed. “Trust me, he won’t. Ephraim is a cold bastard. He’ll stop fucking you the second he loses interest.”
“Is that what he did to you?” Madison snapped. Her anger overrode her fears for the baby, Chris and Ephraim. For the last few months, she’d forced herself to just enjoy the moment and forget about the future. She knew that she would age and that he wouldn’t, but knowing that this woman could offer him something that she couldn’t was the final straw.
“You bitch!” She stalked forward with her hand raised, ready to slap Madison. Chris moved in front of Madison, blocking her. Caroline growled in frustration and backed off. “Fuck this, cover them just in case.”
Two of the men who’d kidnapped them stepped away from the basement door and positioned himself on either side of Chris and Madison and aimed a gun at each of their heads.
“Hey! I thought you said you needed us!” Chris snapped, trying to push her out of the way.
“Oh, I do, but there’s something that you should know. Ephraim is the coldest bastard I’ve ever met, but I’m the coldest bitch you’ll ever meet. If I don’t get what I want from him, I’ll shoot you first and then the bitch.”
“What about the baby? If you kill her then you’ll kill the baby!” Chris snapped, pulling Madison closer as he tried to get her away from the gun.
She shrugged. “He’ll never die and he likes to fuck. I’m sure he’ll knock someone else up soon enough. It won’t matter if he finally gives me what I want.”
“What’s that?” Madison asked.
“Why, what every vampire wants of course, to walk in the sun and live forever,” she said, sighing heavily with a smile on her face.
“If I had to deal with a bitch like you day and night I’d turn gay,” Ephraim drawled as everyone turned to watch him as he casually strolled into the room and plopped down in the oversized chair facing them. His eyes never left Caroline as he sat back.
“How are you, Caroline? It’s been ages,” Ephraim said casually as if he was running into an old friend at the market.
“How did you get past my security?” Caroline demanded.
“Oh, killed them, you know how it goes,” he said with a shrug as he looked over his shoulder and waved his hand lazily in the air, drawing their attention to the fact that his hands were covered in blood.
“You killed my vampires and minions?” she asked, looking pissed.
“Yes, well the ones who didn’t run off anyway. I have to tell you, Caroline, I am a bit disappointed in your selection. They hardly fought back.” 
“Holy shit!” Chris gasped. 
Ephraim shrugged unconcerned. “They were standing between me and my property.”
“Property?” Madison’s voice sounded hollow even to her.
He ignored her. “So, what’s it going to be, Caroline? Are you still hell bent on your petty revenge, is that it?”
“It’s not petty,” she snapped.
Ephraim laughed. “You really need to get over it, sweetheart. I’m sure you’ve fucked plenty of guys and walked off when you got bored.”
“Jealous?” She gave him a sensual smile.
“Not in the least. Fuck whoever you want, just don’t touch my property anymore. You know the rules.”
Caroline walked around his chair, running her hands over his shoulders. “So, which of your property do you want back?”
Ephraim’s cold eyes ran over Chris and Madison. If he cared it didn’t show. “Tell those assholes to lower their guns or I’ll rip their hearts out.”
She waved a hand and both guns were lowered. “That’s fine, Ephraim, but realize that not even you will be able to get to them before they shoot. Now tell me, is it the woman or the baby that you want?”
“Does it matter?” 
“No, not really. All that matters is that I get what I want and I don’t care how it happens.”
“Cut the shit and tell me exactly what you want. I know your little brain has been scheming for the last century.”
“Hmmm.” She walked away from him and stopped directly in front of Chris and Madison. “Lower them,” she said firmly and stepped away. They watched as a set of thick chains lowered from the ceiling in the spot she’d just abandoned and at the end of each chain was a thick cuff.
“What is that?” Chris asked as they both stared at the chains.
Caroline smiled triumphantly. “I’m guessing from the look on Ephraim’s face that it’s déjà vu.”
Madison looked at Ephraim. His face was pale, his hands were gripping the arms of the chairs, and he looked absolutely terrified. 
Caroline reached up and ran her fingers lovingly over one of the cuffs. “To answer your question, Ephraim, yes these are your old chains. I believe these were the very ones you woke up wearing on that faithful day. Of course, I had them reinforced and cleaned up. They’re stronger, much stronger. Granted, it would have been cheaper to buy new ones, but where’s the fun in that? I would have missed the look on your face and really, I couldn’t imagine missing out on the joy this has brought me,” she said as she winked at him.
She snapped her fingers and the man that hid in the corner stepped forward, pushing a cloth-covered table towards them. “It costs a little bit extra, but I do believe that I was able to recover all of Nichols’ favorite tools,” she explained as she pulled back the cover, revealing a dozen barbaric looking instruments. “What I couldn’t have repaired I had replaced and of course, I’ve added a few of my own tools over the years in anticipation of this moment.”
Ephraim remained quiet. His eyes moved over each tool, slowly. “You don’t have to do this. You can get up and leave at any moment and we both know that. I’ll see you in nine months and we can further negotiate. Until then, I’m sure the boy and your whore will be very happy. I’ll take very good care of them.”
“Let me do this and I’ll let them leave. A fighting chance you might say. She’ll have nine months to run and hide and have the little bastard then a lifetime to hide the child from me. It will be her only chance and his as well. Or, leave and you can come back for the baby and she’ll be dead and the boy will be my new bitch.”
“Ephraim, just go!” Madison pleaded. She didn’t know exactly what Caroline had in mind, but she knew that it wasn’t good. He had to go. She wanted him safe and away from here and she never wanted to see that look of raw terror on his face again.
“Don’t you dare leave Madison here, you son of a bitch! I don’t care if you were using her. Don’t leave her here!” Chris yelled.
Ephraim stared at the tools for another minute before standing up. “I’m sorry,” he whispered as he glanced at the chains.
“You son of a bitch!” Chris screamed. 
“I knew you wouldn’t do it,” Caroline said smugly. She didn’t seem upset at all.
 In fact, she seemed relieved. Her eyes darted to Madison for a quick second and it became obvious. She was jealous and worried that Ephraim cared about her. Well, she just got her answer. Madison wanted to cry for herself, but she loved him too much to watch him go through this.
Chris’s grip tightened around her. “It’s okay, Madison. I’ll take care of you.”
Ephraim turned around and stepped closer to Caroline. He gripped the bottom of his shirt and tugged it over his head, dropping it on the floor. Then he pulled off the cross necklace before she had a chance to ask him to do it. “If I were you, I’d make it last, because the very second that I escape you’re dust,” he bit out as he reached up and placed his wrist in one of the metal cuffs. It closed with a sickening “clink.” He held up his other wrist and looked at Caroline. “You may do the honors.”
With a smile, Caroline did just that.

Chapter 25
“Please stop!” Madison cried as she tried to pull free from her chains and go to him, but they wouldn’t give. Chris grabbed her and pulled her back before she could hurt herself.
“Oh, don’t worry, dear, he can’t die,” Caroline said with a tilt of her head as she considered Ephraim with a smile. “I believe I could do this forever.”
Ephraim stood there, looking ahead and seeing absolutely nothing. He didn’t react. That was the one thing he’d stopped giving Nichols years ago, a reaction. The bastard might have had his fun torturing him, but he never gave him the satisfaction of a reaction after the first five years. He would do the same with this bitch no matter how much it hurt.
Holy fuck did it hurt. She was enjoying this too much. The wounds she’d inflicted on his face, neck and stomach hadn’t healed yet and weren’t going to for a long time. He was losing too much blood and couldn’t heal fast enough. The sound of his blood dripping let him know that he was standing in a large puddle of his own blood and that he wasn’t going to last much longer.
He heard the whip crack through the air and the snap as it struck his skin. He ground his jaw. “No, please stop!” Madison screamed. When she wasn’t screaming she was crying and it was absolutely killing him.
She dropped the whip to the ground. “Well, that’s not working. Let’s see what else we have in our toy box, shall we?” Caroline said cheerfully.
She looked over the table and then back at him. A wicked smile tugged at her lips as she walked over to him and unbuckled his belt, slowly.
“What are you doing?” Chris demanded.
Caroline ignored him as she undid Ephraim’s pants. He kept his eyes glued to a spot on the wall. “Oh, let’s empty the pockets before we continue. Wouldn’t want anything to get in our way, now would we?”
She reached into his pockets, making sure to give Madison a good view. Her hands reached in and pulled out his keys, cell phone and Madison noted that his sleek black Sentinel cell phone had a green light blinking. That was odd. It usually blinked red when he had a missed call or a voice mail. Green was supposed to mean something else, she thought, but she couldn’t remember. It took her a moment to remember what it meant and when she finally remembered, she had to hide her smile. 
He’d set off an emergency signal. 
“Did you tell her about all the fun things we used to do together, Ephraim?” Caroline asked, taunting Madison, who was still crying as Chris held her.
Ephraim ignored her. “It’s too bad all those times didn’t make the baby we wanted, isn’t it?” She smiled. “We must have fucked day and night. I have to tell you that it came as a surprise to me that all that sex didn’t make a child. I was told a male Pyte could reproduce with a vampire. I guess they were wrong.”
For the first time in three hours, Ephraim spoke. “Yes, from what I’ve been told they can,” he said, chuckling weakly. “I have a secret to tell you, Caroline. Do you want to hear it?”
“Yes,” she said cautiously.
He leaned forward until his chains tightened. “First off, I only fucked you twice so don’t try to cause any bullshit and we both know the only reason I did that was because you lied and said that you could bring me to others like myself. Second, I never came inside you. In fact, I had a hard time keeping my cock stiff in that cold, dry pussy of yours. My palm felt better than what you call a slit. My seed never entered your body.”
 “Liar!”
“Am I?” He laughed. “Think back, how long did I last?”
Caroline looked like she wasn’t going to answer, but after a slight pause, she did. She was just as curious as Madison and apparently so was Chris.
“A minute. You said you were too excited.”
Ephraim shook his head. “Chris, block your ears for a minute.” Chris covered his ears, too afraid for Ephraim not to do as he asked. “Baby, on a bad day how long does it take me?”
Madison was torn between embarrassment and putting Caroline in her place. 
“You’re full of shit. You couldn’t get it up more than once and you only kept it up for a few minutes at the most,” Caroline snarled as she ran her eyes slowly over Madison and then scoffed. “Besides, she’s not one tenth as beautiful as I am. I doubt you could get it up without the help of a pump with her.”
That did it. “Well,” Madison said, looking thoughtful, “you only last a minute, maybe a minute and a half-”
“I knew you were full of shit.”
“-when I use my mouth, but I believe the shortest time was ten minutes when you had me bent over the front of your squad car in the parking lot behind the movie theatre.” She shrugged and then shot Caroline a wink. “The theatre was closing soon. We had to rush.”
“You bitch!” Caroline screamed as she went to slap Madison.
“I thought you were going to torture me some more. I knew you were full of shit,” Ephraim said weakly as he struggled to stay conscious, but Christ, it was quickly a losing battle.
 Caroline turned around with a forced smile. “Oh, I believe I have a wonderful idea. Let’s see how long you last after all. Madison can time us.”
He laughed weakly. “I would agree that being between your legs again would be torture.”
She reached out and ran her nails down his already bleeding stomach and scratched her way down his body, leaving five fresh lines of blood behind. His stomach muscles clenched tightly as he bit back a hiss. 
“Why don’t you tell me how I can be changed into what you are, Ephraim? I know your little secret. Your blood will kill me, but I know there’s a way. Tell me,” she said as she pushed her hand inside his boxers.
Madison felt her heart breaking. She didn’t want to see this. She didn’t want to see him with another woman. It damn near killed her when he finally reacted. He dropped his head back and gritted his teeth the way he’d done so many times with her.
Caroline began screaming in agony, which was definitely not something that she’d done before.
“What the fuck?” Chris crawled on his knees to get a better look. “His pants are on fire!” 
“Holy water, bitch,” Ephraim ground out. “I knew you wouldn’t be able to resist.”
She yanked her hand out of his pants and began stumbling around the room while she stared down at her hand in horror. 
“Holy shit! Would you look at that?” Chris muttered, shaking his head in amazement. 
Caroline’s hand erupted in flames. Seconds later, the flame was gone and her hand was a sickening gray ash. Sobbing, she stumbled into the wall hard enough to disturb the ash that had once been her hand. In seconds, it broke apart and crumbled to the ground as Caroline screamed. 
“My hand, you son of a bitch! You took my hand!” 
“That will teach you to touch what belongs to another woman,” he said, gasping through the pain as he realized that he was burned pretty badly. 
“Ephraim, are you okay?” Chris and Madison asked in unison.
He tried to nod, but the motion triggered the pain in his groin. The sensation shot to his stomach. His legs gave out, leaving him hanging by the chains. He gasped before he began vomiting blood.
“Oh god, Ephraim!” Madison screamed.
“My hand!” Caroline screamed as she ran out the back door of the basement.
The two men holding guns looked nervous while the third man ran after his mistress.
“What do we do?” one of the men asked.
“We stay here! She’ll be back!” 
“Holy shit, I’m an idiot.” Ephraim chuckled weakly.
“What are you talking about?” Chris demanded as his gaze shifted between the two nervous men aiming guns at their heads. “Hey! Point that damn thing somewhere else before you accidentally shoot her!”
Ephraim sucked in a deep breath as he got back on his feet and studied the two men for several minutes before he realized what didn’t feel right about this situation. He cursed under his breath as he reached up and wrapped a hand around the chains until they were tight. The men watched with wide eyes as every muscle in Ephraim’s body tightened and twitched. 
“Stop or we’ll shoot them!” the man standing over Madison ordered.
Ephraim exhaled before pulling again. This time a loud crack accompanied the action. “No, you won’t.”
The sounds of guns cocking had Chris and Madison grabbing each other as they tried to protect each other. “Ephraim, stop or he’ll shoot her!” Chris screamed, trying to drag Madison behind him.
“Not with blanks he won’t,” he bit out with a pained grunt as he arched back and tore the chains from the ceiling. 
The men turned and began firing at Ephraim. He stumbled towards them, but didn’t drop. Terrified, Madison forced herself to watch, looking for bullet holes, but she couldn’t tell from the damage that Caroline had left if there were any. With each shot she looked for some kind of sign that he was hit, a jolt, a stumble, a sound, but there was nothing.
“They’re blanks,” Chris whispered.
The two men seemed to agree. They threw their guns aside and backed up towards the door their master had escaped through, keeping their attention locked on Ephraim.
“Go, I’m sure she’ll be hungry,” Ephraim said as he collapsed. “That’s what you were, a meal. She wouldn’t hire two idiots who’d never handled a gun before to keep them hostage. You were my meal and I’m a fucking idiot.” 
“No, she loves us. She would never do that!”
“Yeah, keep telling yourself that,” Chris said dryly. “She just left you unarmed with a seriously pissed off Pyte. That’s real love.”
“Oh fuck!” one of the men whimpered.
“Go, just go,” Ephraim said weakly. He didn’t look at the men as he pulled himself up on his hands and knees and started slowly crawling towards Madison. He didn’t stop until he had his arms wrapped around her waist and laid his head on her lap. As he closed his eyes, he pressed a tender kiss against her leg.
“Oh, god, Ephraim,” Madison sobbed as she tried to pull him closer.
“We need to get out of here before psycho bitch comes back,” Chris said as he jumped to his feet. With a sigh, he looked up at the ceiling where their chains hung and then back at the door where the men had escaped. Once he’d made sure that they were gone, he used his chains to pull himself up to the ceiling. “They’re on hooks!” 
“Can you get them off?” Madison asked as she ran her trembling fingers through Ephraim’s hair.
“I think so. It’s just going to take a little-” 
The front door to the basement exploded into the room, cutting Chris off and causing Madison to double her efforts to pull Ephraim safely into her arms, but she couldn’t manage it on her own. 
“Shit!” Chris lost his hold and fell the short distance to the floor with an, “Oomph!”
Madison watched as two men and two women in black fatigues entered the room with their weapons drawn. One of the women spotted the second door and with a signal to the other woman, she moved towards it. 
“A vampire with one hand and three of her followers went through that door five minutes ago,” Chris explained with a grunt as he pulled himself up and checked on Madison.
The women nodded as she said, “Eric, we’re going to see if we can’t catch up to them.” 
“Go. We’ll see what we have here,” a man with short black hair said as the two men walked over to them and began looking them over.
“This one is a Sentinel, unmated,” the other man said after he quickly looked over Chris. He ran a hand through his messy blonde hair and sighed heavily as he took in the damage around them.
“Release him. What about the woman and the other man?” Eric asked as he ran his eyes over Ephraim’s mutilated back as the other man grabbed Madison by the arm and yanked her to her feet, causing Ephraim to roll off her and onto the cement floor without a sound.
“Hey, be careful with her! She’s pregnant,” Chris snapped.
“Sorry,” the man mumbled, as he looked Madison over for bite marks. “One last thing,” he said when he didn’t find any. He pulled out a cross and pressed it to her forehead. 
Nothing.
 “She’s human.” 
“Good, get those chains off her then,” Eric said. 
“What do we do with this one?” the blond man asked as he pushed Ephraim over so that he could press the cross against his head. “I think he’s human.”
Eric sighed as he bent over and pushed Ephraim’s lips apart. “Pretty big fangs for a human, wouldn’t you say?”
“Holy shit!”
“What is he?”
“He’s some kind of leech,” Eric said as he looked Ephraim over.
“What should we do?”
“What you’re supposed to do. Stake him.”
“No, stop!” Madison yelled as she shoved the man aside and dropped in front of Ephraim to protect him. “Stop!”
“Oh great, a fang banger,” the blond man said with disgust. “Move. We have a job to do. I don’t know what he told you, but he’s dangerous.”
“Ma’am, I really need you to move,” Eric said as he tried to grab her.
“No! He’s one of you! He’s a Sentinel!”
“No, ma’am, he’s not. He’s a vampire or a demon,” Eric said softly, probably trying not to frighten her.
Madison wiped her face frantically with the back of her hands. “No, look,” she said as she tried to push Ephraim over onto his back only to have Chris grabbed a shoulder and helped. “See?” she said as she pointed to his tattoo.
“Ma’am, all I’m seeing is a bloody mess,” Eric said calmly as he reached down to help her up, but she ignored him.
“What?” she asked with a frown when she realized that it was completely covered in blood. She tried to wipe the blood away, but it only made it worse. Licking her lips, she looked around them for something that she could use and when she saw the large water bottle attached to the Eric’s belt she grabbed it.
“Ma’am, wait!” 
Ignoring him, she flipped the cap open and poured the water over his tattoo. Once she managed to wash the blood off his tattoo, she turned her attention to his other wounds and washed the blood away to see how badly he was injured.
“Wasn’t that holy water, Eric?”
“Yeah,” Eric’s said hollowly. 
“Then why isn’t he screaming or bursting into flames?”
“Because he’s a Sentinel! I keep trying to tell you. Look at the tattoo! He’s a marked Pyte!”
“A Pyte? No fucking way,” Eric said as he stepped closer and looked over the tattoo. 
He ran a finger over the intricate design. “I’ll be damned. He’s one of ours. I haven’t seen this mark in fifty years.” Madison’s brows shot up since the man didn’t look day older than twenty-five at the most. “I can’t believe we have a Pyte. I thought that was make-believe shit. John, look at that,” he said excitedly as he pointed to the symbol in the middle of the tattoo.
“Please, help him.” Madison took Ephraim’s hand and hugged it against her chest as she wrapped her arms back around him, “Please, just help him.”
Chapter 26
He woke up gasping for air. Someone was going to shoot her and take her away from him. He’d waited too long and now it was too late. It took him a minute to realize that he was in her in bed, alone.
“Madison?” he said as he looked for her.
When he didn’t find her, he climbed off the bed and stumbled towards the bathroom. Before he opened the door, he knew that she wasn’t in there. Trying not to panic, he ran stumbled into the bathroom and made his way to his old room, damn near sighing with relief when he spotted her.
Madison was curled on the overstuffed couch that had taken the place of his bed, fast asleep. The coffee table in front of her was covered with stacks of papers that she’d been grading. He moved into the room and noticed that her desk was covered as well and couldn’t help but smile. She couldn’t work unless she made a mess, which was the reason why he’d insisted on separate desks when they’d decided to turn this room into an office.
Ephraim walked over to his desk and turned the large chair around so that he could look at her. Right now, she looked so vulnerable. His heart broke just looking at her as he thought about just how close he’d come to losing her.
He should have handled Caroline a long time ago. Europe had also been a mistake. The Sentinels could have waited until he’d taken care of his past. There hadn’t been any rush, but he’d wanted to keep Chris safe and he would have stayed that way if Ephraim’s presence hadn’t attracted a fucking Master. He dropped his head into his hands. He should have killed the bitch when she’d made her move back in January.
He’d been a fucking idiot. He’d let his heart and his cock lead him around and now he had a sixteen-year-old boy on a Master’s wish list. It was going to be a race against time now. He had to get Chris trained before it was too late. For the last few months he’d taken it slow, trying not to tip Chris off to his plans, but now he had to fucking rush to get his kid in full fighting mode before they tried to snatch him again and unfortunately, he knew that they would.
Caroline was a collector. She liked to have unique vampires and people under her control. He should know, he’d filled a very sought after slot in her collection for a few months once upon a time. An untrained, unmated male Sentinel would be the key to her collection, once she broke his spirit and his mind that is. Then he would be molded into one of her personal guards or an assassin. He would be perfect for either. Chris’s protection would be his training. That was the only thing that he could do for him. Madison was a different story altogether.
He looked back up at her to find her mumbling something in her sleep as she turned over onto her back. Her hand came to rest over her stomach where their baby grew. Her life was over now and that was only if she survived the birth, which she wouldn’t. 
Impregnating a human woman was a very rare feat for a vampire. It happened maybe two or three times every century. Out of those few times it was very rare for a Pyte to be born, a child born of both worlds with unlimited potential. Most of the babies were either stillborn, killing the mother along with it, or a born as a natural vampire. 
A natural vampire was no different from a regular vampire except that it was born, not made. The mother would still die, but it would be from blood loss when her unborn child ripped her apart. He already knew that Madison was carrying a little boy, who thank god was also a Pyte. He’d made damn sure of that the morning that he’d realized that she was pregnant. If he had sensed a natural vampire he would have dragged her to an emergency room and held a gun to the head of any doctor who refused to take it out of her before it was too late. 
Now it was too late for Madison to change her mind. He could smell the change from here. The womb had shut down. The baby’s DNA had triggered something in her body and there wasn’t a weapon on earth that would be able to penetrate that womb. Their child was protected from outside interference. His mother was a different story.
This should have been done months ago. Then he wouldn’t have to worry about her all the time. It was frightening to think of all the ways a human could die. He’d never given it much thought before, because he hadn’t given a damn before.
Humans had always been easily replaceable in his eyes. They all died at some point. It was inevitable. He’d sat back and watched countless generations be wiped out only to be replaced by new ones. There was nothing he could do so he never bothered to try. The only time he’d tried to help was when it gave him something to do to pass the time.
During the American Civil War he’d traveled as a ship’s cook to Boston back in 63’. After the war, he’d stayed in Boston and took his first policing job. When he it came time for him to move on, he returned home to take up a position with Scotland Yard where he stayed until fucked up back in November of ‘88.
He’d definitely fucked up big time. He was supposed to make the arrest, not drain him, but what else was he supposed to do to the bastard when he was covered in blood? It had been a huge mistake to go on duty without eating first. 
They’d stationed him in Whitechapel to keep an eye on the girls. He’d meant to get a bite to eat before his shift, but thanks to that notorious little shit all the working women refused to go off into a dark alley with anyone. So, when the little shit he was looking for literally stumbled into him he hadn’t thought twice about draining him dry. When he was done, he’d tossed the bastard into a pauper’s grave and gave up trying to pretend that he was human for a while. 
From there he hid out in vampire covenants, trying to figure out what he was supposed to be doing with his life. He started searching for answers and someone that could help him make sense of his life. If he’d only known that the person he was looking for wouldn’t be born for another century he would have done a lot of things differently. 
He went from war to war, touring the world, looking for the one thing missing in his life. After the second war, he’d found himself traveling back to the states where he’d been ever since, taking up rooms in boardinghouses all over the country. It hadn’t been much of a life, not until she came into his life and now things could be different, because of one woman.
Madison. 
They’d live forever, raising their children together and they could do all the things that he’d only dreamed of doing. They could make a real difference now and he wouldn’t have to pretend to be something that he wasn’t. They could be happy and he’d been a fucking idiot to wait this long. 
Now it wasn’t just his happiness at stake, but Madison’s life was on the line. She was in so much danger, because of him. Caroline was a vindictive bitch as well as a collector. She hadn’t taken rejection well all those years ago and his relationship with Madison had made it worse. She wouldn’t stop now until Madison was dead and she had his son. 
He couldn’t allow that. Madison deserved a long, happy life and she sure as hell wasn’t going to pay for his mistakes. He had to fix this. 
She was going to hate him after this and he couldn’t blame her. She probably would never talk to him again, but losing her would destroy him. It would hurt like hell, but at least she would be safe. She would be alive and well. That’s all that mattered. She could go on with her life and find another man, live her life and do whatever she wanted. It would kill him to see her with someone else, but as long as she was safe, he would find a way to accept it.
He loved her and one day she would understand that he did this for her and for their son. Their son would need her and he couldn’t think of a better mother than Madison. He didn’t have a choice, he realized as he brought his wrist to his mouth and tore it open.
*-*-*-*
She opened her eyes and couldn’t help but smile when she found Ephraim kneeling in front of her, half naked, and thankfully healed. Not a bad way to wake up, she thought until she looked into his eyes and realized that something was wrong. 
“Baby, what’s wrong?” she asked as she sat up.
“Do you know how much I love you?” he asked softly.
“Yes,” she said as she traced her fingers along his jaw. “I love you, too,” she whispered, but instead of the reaction she’d expected, his only response was a stiff nod.
“You know that I would never do anything to willingly hurt you or put you in danger, don’t you?” he said, making her realize that he felt guilty about what happened, something that she should have expected.
“Ephraim, it’s okay. We’re fine,” she promised him as she took his hand and placed it to her stomach. “We’re both fine.”
He gently caressed her stomach while he spoke. “Madison, I have to do something for you. I need you to understand that I’ve been planning on doing this for a long time now. I should have done it before this happened. If I had, you would have been fine. Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
She didn’t. 
“What’s this about, Ephraim?”
“You’ll probably hate me after this and I want you to know that’s okay. I need to keep you and our baby boy safe. Just please understand that.”
“Son?” she whispered with a smile even as she started to cry. She leaned in to kiss him, but he turned his face away at the last second.
“Please, Madison, don’t make this harder for me than it has to be.”
 “You’re leaving me, aren’t you? You think if you stay that she’ll be after me so you’re going to leave?” she said slowly, praying that she was wrong.
“No, baby, I would never leave you. Besides, leaving you would only clear the way for her. Caroline is coming back for you. There’s no doubt in my mind. She’s more determined than ever now.”
She laid her hand over his. “So, we’ll sit down and figure something out.”
His met her gaze as his brilliant baby blue eyes turned into the fiery red that she loved so much. “I’ve already figured it out. I should have done it months ago,” he said as he leaned in and brushed his lips against hers. “Remember that I love you, Madison.”
“Ephraim-”
“Shhh, the only thing that matters is keeping you and the baby safe,” he said with a sad smile that tore at her heart.
She hadn’t noticed when he grabbed her left arm or even when his forearm pressed tightly across her chest. However, she noticed when he pushed her back and pinned her against the couch so that she couldn’t move her arms. 
“Ephraim, what are you doing?” 
His expression was pained. “I’m so sorry, baby. I never planned on doing it this way, but now there’s no choice. I am so goddamn sorry, Madison.”
She tried to move, but couldn’t. It wasn’t until he raised his right hand and she saw the blood streaming down his arm that she realized that something very bad was about to happen. 
“I’m sorry,” he choked out as he brought his arm towards her mouth.
“No! Ephraim, please don’t do this!” she screamed, but his arm kept coming. “Baby, please, your blood kills people! Please, stop!” 
“You’ll be fine. I swear,” he promised as she panicked. 
She kicked him, screamed, and tried to break free, but in the end, it was pointless. She opened her mouth to scream one last time when he took advantage and placed his wrist against her mouth. She tried to pull away, but there was nowhere to go. 
In seconds, blood was pouring into her mouth as she closed her eyes and struggled not to swallow any of it. She breathed through her nose as she doubled her efforts to get free, telling herself that she just needed to get free and then she could spit it out and slap the bastard for trying to do this to her.
When she felt his fangs tear into her neck, she lost it and tried to scream, but the only thing that she managed to do was to swallow some blood and then she was left with no other choice to keep swallowing when the blood forced its way down her throat, leaving her with no other choice but to swallow it or choke.
He had to force himself to slow down. Her blood was so fucking good. It sent his body into overdrive. He wanted more and took everything he had to force himself to relax. He needed to time this perfectly or it wouldn’t work. Slowly the pulls on her neck, he waited until he tasted his blood mixed with hers and nearly sighed with relief, knowing that she was safe. 
Madison felt Ephraim’s teeth pull away long before his wrist left her mouth. He licked his lips and looked oddly relieved. “It’s okay, baby, just a little more.”
She tried to tell him to go fuck himself, but his wrist made that impossible so she settled on growling at the bastard. 
“Shh, it’s okay, baby. You can yell at me later.”
 She growled again.
 “If it makes you feel better, you’ll be able to kick my ass after this.”
Oddly enough, that did make her feel better. 
“From the look on your face I’m guessing the idea pleases you,” he said as he pulled his wrist away only to replace it with his mouth.
 “Why?” she demanded hazily when she pushed him, realizing that she was exhausted. She tried to fight it, but within seconds she was closing her eyes and falling over onto her side. 
 “Shh, baby, you’re going to sleep for a while now. When you wake up everything will be different,” he promised as she felt him kiss her forehead.
“I’m so going to kick your ass, Ephraim,” she mumbled.
He sighed unhappily, “I know.”
*-*-*-*
“Ephraim?” 
“Yes, Eleanor?” he said, pausing at the foot of the stairs to face Madison’s grandmother.
Eleanor wiped her hands on a kitchen towel. “It’s been three days, Ephraim. I think we should bring her to the hospital.”
“I’ll ask her the next time she wakes up,” he lied.
“It’s funny. I’ve been up there several times over the past couple of days and I always seem to come in right after she’s fallen back to sleep.”
“I think this fever is really taking it out of her.”
Her brows pulled together. “If she’s so sick then perhaps having Chris in there isn’t the best idea. He could end up sick, too.”
“He’s just worried about her. He’s hanging out in the office anyway so he’ll be fine,” he said since there really was no need to tell her that Chris was feeding Madison blood every hour on the hour through a tube to help with the transformation. 
He also didn’t mention that Chris would be the only one able to protect them if she woke up while Ephraim was out trying to find Caroline. So far, he hadn’t had any luck. The only thing that he knew was that she was still in the area.
Mrs. Buckman crossed her arms over her chest and gave him one of her infamous glares. It was the only thing that tipped him off to the real reason why she was standing here, interrogating him. 
“About that, when exactly are you planning on making an honest woman out of my granddaughter? I’m not happy that the two of you are sharing a bed. At least when you still had a room I could live in denial, but now you’ve forced my hand.”
“Would it make you feel better to know that I decided to ask Madison to marry me four months ago and the only thing that stopped me from asking was her irrational fear that your daughter Emma created?” he offered with a hopeful smile.
Eleanor wiped her brow. “I was afraid it was something like that.”
“I already have the ring. The moment she says yes, I plan on dragging her in front of the JP before she can change her mind,” he promised.
“No, that would never do,” she said sternly. 
He never thought she’d have a problem with a quick wedding. Actually, truth be told, he’d been counting on her demanding one.
“I have a friend who’s a JP. You’ll drag him here and I’ll set up a quick wedding with the help of the kids. She’s less likely to make a run for it if I’m guarding the door.”
He chuckled. “Probably.”
She nodded. “Okay, then you best get upstairs before your friend gets sick.”
“Friend?” 
“Yes, the young man who helped you into the house after your car accident,” she said with a sigh, reminding him how Madison had explained his injuries when Eleanor had stumbled upon them dragging Ephraim up the backstairs.
“Good. I need to talk to him. Thanks, Eleanor.”
“Tell Chris he better get his little buns down here in one hour to set the table or there will be no dessert.”
“I will,” he promised, already up the stairs and heading towards their room. One thing he didn’t need was a Sentinel involved in this. The council knew what he was doing and was turning a blind eye in his case. 
They didn’t approve of changes, but they were willing to do whatever it took to keep him happy. At least for now. He’d promised them that he wouldn’t change anyone else. Since he could only change one person into a Pyte, he didn’t plan on breaking that promise. After this his blood wouldn’t be as potent and anyone he changed would end up being just a slightly stronger vampire, which was what they were worried about.
Now that he was expecting a baby they were ecstatic. They wanted to bring the mother-to-be into their ranks so that they could get their influence on the baby as early as possible. As it turned out, this would be the fourth infant Pyte they brought into their ranks. There were three boys in Ireland who were already under their protection. 
Their parents were Sentinels. Out of a freak accident with a vampire attack, the female Sentinel who’d been pregnant at the time was turned into a Pyte. It had never happened before and would probably never happen again. A Sentinel usually died from vampire blood, but the twins inside her had somehow filtered her blood and turned her. 
That’s how he’d learned how to change Madison. The female had turned her mate when he was dying. She hadn’t been sure at the time of how to do it, but she’d taken a chance. The only difference from a normal vampire exchange was that it lasted longer and they had to feed from each other at the same time. The key was tasting his blood in hers. 
“Hold her down!” he heard Eric yell from the hallway.
“Are you crazy? You hold her down!” Chris yelled back.
“Shit,” Ephraim bit out as he threw the door open and ran into their room, realizing only too late that he’d made another mistake. 

Chapter 27
“I’m going to kill him!” Madison snapped as she snatched the lamp off his bureau as he took in the changes in her. Her beautiful eyes were glowing red, she had a set of beautiful white fangs that looked daintier than his own, her normally beautifully tanned skin was richer somehow, looked softer, her breasts were a little more filled out as were her hips, and most importantly, she was alive.
“Stop throwing things!” Eric snapped. 
That got Ephraim’s attention. He looked around the room and took note of the broken glass on the floor along with picture frames, books, CD’s, DVDs and most of his clothes. 
Never a good sign.
With a vicious growl that he shouldn’t find sexy right now, that vase in her hand went flying in his direction. He reached out and caught with a sigh and placed it on the small table next to him and decided to put an end to this. 
He stepped past Eric, who’d positioned himself in front of the bedroom door before shifting his attention to where Chris stood, hovering in front of the bathroom and looking ready to tackle Madison if she moved any closer even as he shot nervous glances towards the window, making Ephraim wonder if Madison had figured out that she could make the jump without having to worry about hurting herself yet. When he looked back at Madison to find her glaring at him again, he decided that perhaps now wasn’t the best time to tell her.
“Look at what you did to me, you asshole!” she snapped.
“What? I think you look good. You’re like a mix between a really hot vampire and a really hot model,” Chris said thoughtfully, earning a vicious growl of his own as Madison turned her attention to him as Ephraim did his best not to think of all the things that he wanted to do to her and-
 “Are you kidding me? This is turning you on?” she snapped in disgust as she gestured to her face.
Failed.
Eric chuckled behind him as he did his best not to wince. 
“I did just tell you that you look hot,” Chris said offhandedly, which earned another vicious growl that was just not helping him keep control of his damn cock that really wanted to make her growl some more. 
“So not helping, Chris,” Eric said, sighing heavily.
“Did he tell you what he did to me? Do you see this? Look at what that bastard did to me!” she snapped, helplessly gesturing to her face and body.
Chris rolled his eyes. “I think we figured it out for ourselves,” he drawled, bringing Madison’s attention back to him.
With a vicious curse, she grabbed a handful of Ephraim’s boxers and threw them at Chris, who really needed to work on his reflexes.
 “Damn it, Madison!” Chris grumbled as he tugged a pair of Mickey Mouse boxers off his head. 
“Baby, I know you’re upset and I don’t blame you. Can we just sit down and talk about this?” Ephraim suggested, offering her what he hoped was a reassuring smile as he moved towards her, hoping to get her to calm down before she decided to go for his balls.
 “Talk? Now you want to talk about this? Why didn’t you do that before you forced this on me? I hate you! I hate you!” she snapped, shaking her head in disgust as the rest of his boxers was sent in his way.
“I told you she’d be pissed,” Chris pointed out with a sniff.
“How very perceptive of you,” Ephraim said dryly.
“Well, I did.”
Madison turned on Chris so suddenly that she had the boy stumbling back against the wall just from her glare. “You knew that he was going to do this to me and you did nothing to stop him?”
“No, of course not!” Chris said before shrugging it off and added, “Well, I just assumed that he would change you at some point, but I swear he didn’t tell me or I would have talked to you, Madison. You know how much I care about you. He told me after when he asked me to help take care of you and feed you blood while he went after-”
“You fed me blood?” 
“Er, yes?” Chris licked his lips nervously.
“Oh my god, this just keeps getting better and better!”
“That’s what you eat now. I assumed you knew that,” Chris said with a tsk and a sad shake of his head.
She threw his socks at the boy.
 “Chris, perhaps now isn’t the time to help,” Ephraim suggested.
“Well, I don’t know why she’s mad at me! You’re the one who did this to her!” he snapped.
“I hate you, Ephraim!” she screamed.
“Yeah, I got that,” he said, sighing heavily as he sat on the edge of the bed and dropped his head into his hands.
“You should have asked me!”
“Why didn’t you ask her? I mean, I knew that you had to change her, but I think it would have gone a hell of a lot easier if you’d just asked her,” Eric, the helpful bastard, pointed out.
“I panicked. I wasn’t thinking straight when I did it. I was so scared and I couldn’t think past making sure that they were safe,” he explained, feeling like an even bigger asshole with every passing second. 
“What are you talking about?” Madison asked, reminding him that he still had a few things to explain to her, which she really might not want to hear.
Eric ran his fingers through his hair as he leaned back against the wall. “You’re pregnant with his child.”
“So?”
“So, if it’s a Pyte you’re carrying, which I’m guessing it is because he didn’t try dragging you off for an abortion, you no longer have a choice. The baby is set in your womb and protected. You can’t have an abortion now.”
“I don’t want an abortion!”
“The baby isn’t going to be human, Madison,” he pointed out casually as he watched her.
“I don’t care what it is. It’s my baby,” she snapped.
“You would have if it had turned out to be a natural vampire. Then you wouldn’t have had a choice. I would have had every Sentinel that I could get my hands on here to hold you down while we took it out of you,” Eric explained in a hard tone that had Ephraim reluctantly nodding in agreement.
Madison’s hand shot to her stomach as she licked her lips nervously. “You’d take my baby? Ephraim wouldn’t let you,” she said weakly.
“Yes, I would. If it had been a monster, I would have done it myself. A natural vampire doesn’t have the same protection a Pyte has, sweetheart. But, don’t worry, they’ll leave him alone because he’s a Pyte,” he promised her.
“Okay,” she said slowly. “The baby is a Pyte, everyone is happy, but that doesn’t explain why you did this to me.”
“Besides the fact that Caroline and every vampire she could get her hands on are currently trying to find you?” he asked.
She swallowed hard. 
“You would have never survived the birth, Madison. I had to change you to save you.”
“If you knew…” she said, letting her words trail off as her eyes darted to Chris and Eric as a beautiful blush crawled up her neck before swallowing. “Why did you, you know,” she stressed in a whisper before continuing, “if there was a chance of getting me pregnant?”
He folded his hands in front of him. “Because I love you and I wanted a reason to keep you forever.”
“No, you wanted a child and you used me.”
“Baby, if that’s the only thing that I wanted then I wouldn’t have had to change you. I would have just waited for the birth and been done with you.”
“Wow, that’s cold,” Chris muttered, shaking his head in disgust.
“But it’s the truth,” Ephraim bit out through gritted teeth.
“I want you out of here and I never want to see you again,” she said evenly, apparently still pissed.
Sighing, he stood up and walked over to her. “Baby, just listen-”
She punched him, and not one of those girlie, sloppy punches either, but one that would make any professional boxer envious, sending him flying across the room where he slammed into the wall with a pained grunt.
Yup, definitely still pissed.
“Holy shit!” Chris yelped.
Ephraim struggled to stand up, only to fall back on his ass. “I guess I had that coming,” he said on a groan as he wiped the blood off his chin with the back of his hand.
“That and more if you don’t leave right now,” she snapped as she folded her arms over her chest, torn between doing a little victory dance and running over to make sure he was okay. 
“I’ll sleep in the office for now, but I’m not going anywhere.” Ephraim said as he pulled himself to his feet with Eric’s help.
“Fine, then I’ll leave. I have more than enough money to find an apartment.”
He shook his head, trying to stop the ringing in his ears. “No, you’re staying here where I can protect you.”
“I thought you did this to protect me. I knew you were full of shit!” 
“They can’t kill you now, Madison, but they can still hurt you and once that baby starts showing you’ll have a harder time fighting back,” Eric explained. “If you’re hurt badly enough, your body will destroy the baby to heal itself.”
“Fine, then I’ll go to a Sentinel home until the baby comes,” she said, not really caring where she went as long as she put some space between them so that she could be pissed somewhere where she didn’t have to look at him, because she knew that staying here wasn’t an option right now.
Eric watched as Ephraim’s entire body started to tremble from rage. His eyes glowed red and his fangs dropped. There wasn’t a Sentinel on earth who would willingly come between a male Pyte and his pregnant mate. “No one will protect you better than Ephraim. You have to trust me on this,” Eric said as he took a step towards the door. “If you need me, give me a call,” he said to Chris since the two Pytes in the room were too busy glaring at each other to talk.
“No problem.”
“I’m glad to hear that Ephraim is training you. I was worried about you, but now I know better,” Eric said with a wink before he took his leave, praying that he wouldn’t get a call later to come back here, because he really wasn’t sure that he wanted to get in the way of a pissed off female Pyte twice in one day.
“Dad, I fed her an hour ago and there’s still blood in the fridge so I’m going to the training room and work with the knives before dinner.”
“That’s fine. Just make sure you set the table. Your grandmother’s on a war path,” Ephraim answered as he watched Madison.
“No problem,” Chris said before he looked back at Madison, who looked ready for a fight. “I’m really sorry you’re upset, Madison, but I’m glad you’re going to be okay now. I was really worried about you.” 
She nodded stiffly before he left.
For several minutes, neither one of them moved or spoke. They were both too furious to do anything more than glare until finally, Ephraim spoke. 
 “You can still eat food you know. The baby will need food and blood to survive. It should solve any nausea you’ve been experiencing as well as help balance your hormones.”
Her eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Really? I thought you couldn’t eat food.”
“I can’t. You can while you’re pregnant. Then our son will need both until he makes his change.”
She nodded, accepting what he’d told her. “You know I hate you still.”
He turned to walk away. “I know. Believe me I know.”
*-*-*-*
“Stupid man,” Madison mumbled into her pillow.
“I heard that,” Ephraim whispered in the other room.
“I know,” she grumbled before adding, “Jackass.”
He groaned. “Are you going to be quiet any time soon so I can get some sleep?”
“Jerk.”
“I’ll take that as a ‘no’.”
She tossed and turned as she tried getting comfortable, but nothing she did seemed to help. Great, he’d even ruined sleep for her. The bastard had made her addicted to him, she realized, wishing that she had his warm body to curl up against. Instead, she curled up on her side and hugged his pillow, hoping it would be a good enough replacement. 
It wasn’t.
“Can’t sleep?” 
“Shut up. I hate you.”
“Yes, so you keep telling me,” he said dryly.
“Jerk.”
She heard him move on the couch. He was just as uncomfortable as she was. That made her smile. Good. If she wasn’t going to get any sleep then neither was he.
“Are you going to work tomorrow?” he asked, making her frown.
“Yes, there’s only one week of school left. No point in missing it. Not that it’s any of your business what I do anymore.”
“Just try not to bite anyone,” he said dryly.
She sat up in bed with a growl of frustration, grabbed his pillow, wishing it was him, and threw it across the room. “Jerk!”
“You know what I think?” he suddenly asked.
“What?” she snapped.
“I think you still love me.”
“Ha!”
“You’re pissed. I’ll give you that, but you still love me and you know what else?”
“I bet you’re going to tell me.”
“You want me.”
“Ha!”
“I bet your body is missing me right now. It needs me. Think about it, Madison. You know it’s true. I’ve got your body trained to expect me four or five times a day. You haven’t had me in a week. You’re desperate for me.”
“Wow, someone sure thinks highly of himself. I promise you that having sex with you is the last thing on my mind right now.” And it hadn’t been until he’d mentioned it. Now she was thinking about it. 
Damn him!
“You want me, Madison. Admit it.”
“I’m pretty sure that you’re the one that wants me,” she pointed out with a sniffle, as she did her best not to think about all the things that they would normally be doing right now.
“Oh, you have no idea how badly I want you right now,” he growled. “I want to come in there and yank that sheet away from you and tear your panties off with my fangs. Then I want to ram my tongue in your pretty little pussy over and over again the same way I’d fuck you and I wouldn’t stop pounding into you until you squeezed me dry.”
What the hell was she supposed to say to that? she wondered, breathless as she sat there, imagining just how good it would feel to have his mouth on her. She wanted him so badly now that she had to squeeze her legs together, hoping to stop the ache.
He chuckled deeply. “Now I know you want me.”
She turned and buried her face in her pillow with a groan. “Jerk!”

Chapter 28
Madison stared in the mirror with her handy tweezers ready for action, but there was nothing to tweeze. Absolutely nothing. It had been three weeks since the last time she’d tweezed her eyebrows and by now she should have caveman brows, but no, they still looked like they had the morning she was abducted. 
She tossed the tweezers onto her small, but expensive pile of useless cosmetics that she no longer seemed to need. Her skin looked healthier than it ever had, her hair shimmered, and her coloring was more enticing so that makeup seemed pointless now. She couldn’t find anything to touch up or that needed toning. Damn him, she thought as she picked up her pink razor and tossed that onto the pile.
After her forced transformation she’d decided to stop shaving in hopes that he would be repulsed enough to stop leering at her every time they were in the same room. It should have only taken a few days to grow some decent stubble, but it seemed that her new change had taken care of that problem. She’d wondered if her body was frozen in death now, a creepy thought, but one that she hadn’t been able to shake. 
That thought ended a week ago when she realized that her hair was still growing. Her body was selective on what changed and what didn’t and she had no idea why. When she’d decided to ask Ephraim, one of the very few times she’d spoken to him over the past couple of weeks, the jerk had the nerve to run an appreciate eye over her body.
None of this made sense since he still shaved. She knew he did, because she’d actually shaved him herself a few times and knew for a fact that he still managed to sprout some stubble. According to Mr. Highhanded, her body would keep itself in what it deemed perfection. Hair and facial hair were things of added beauty. A Pyte’s greatest weapon was its ability to attract its prey. So, the body kept itself primed. 
Not that she was complaining about having an extra hour a day freed up, but she really was. She didn’t like this. Her life was changed forever, because she fell in love with the wrong man. The only good thing that came out of this was the baby. 
She never thought she would want a baby of her own after raising Jill and Joshua, especially since Joshua still had eight more years before he would be out on his own. She’d always thought when that time came she would be free to finally live her life and do whatever she wanted. Now it would be another ten years before that happened. Not that it mattered now, but thanks to that highhanded bastard she was going to live forever. She groaned aloud, no doubt after the first century she would get bored and settle into a life of soap operas and bonbons, correction, blood filled bon bon’s. 
The jerk, she thought with a miserable sigh as she tried to imagine what it was going to be like only to force herself to think about something else since the thought of living forever actually scared her a little.
At least it was summer and she had the next two months off, so she could figure this out without worrying about losing her damn mind at work. Her days were filled with sunbathing, swimming and walking to clear her head. Oh, and of course blood, because that’s what she needed to stop herself from tearing her family’s throats out, she thought with a miserable sigh. 
So far, she’d learned that the safest bet was to drink blood at every chance she got. The first day back where she had to sit in a classroom full of hormone driven kids had taught her that. Every kid gave off a different mouthwatering aroma. It had taken everything she had not to jump over her desk and find out just how good they tasted. Before she lost it, Ephraim had the nerve to show up during her free period with five bags of blood for her. 
Stupid thoughtful jerk, she thought, knowing that she was being a bitch about this, but she couldn’t seem to help it.
He was always doing stuff like that. Whenever they were in the pool swimming, he always showed up just when she needed him with two coolers, a large one filled with juices, waters and sodas for her and the kids and a small locked one and filled with bagged blood for her. He even managed to distract the kids so she could go off and devour a few bags of blood without having to worry about getting caught. 
At night, he hummed a lullaby in the office for as long as it took for her to fall asleep. He was so attentive and sweet, but that was it. Other than making sure that she was okay, he seemed to be avoiding her, too. It kind of pissed her off, because she was supposed to be mad at him not the other way around. She was the one who was changed against her will, forced to live a life of a bloodsucker, albeit a bloodsucker with really good pores, but a bloodsucker nonetheless.
The bathroom door off the office opened and Ephraim, naked as usual, walked inside. She kept her back to him, determined to pretend that he wasn’t there, which was their normal morning routine.  Her eyes, which refused to be on board with this plan as usual, followed his movements and dropped down to his hips. Her mouth watered as it did every time she saw him naked, hard, and so damn tempting that it took everything she had not to surrender. 
She gripped the edge of the counter tightly as she tried to think of puppies and kittens playing with a ball of yarn, all the paperwork that she had to send it for her maternity leave, what she was going to have for breakfast, anything to keep her mind off of sex. She might want him, but that didn’t mean that he needed to know.  The irritating bastard chuckled as he walked passed her, letting her know just like he did every morning that he knew exactly what she was thinking. 
Damn it! 
In another week that smug grin would be wiped off his face and he would give in, because was damn well going to win this thing between them. Even though they weren’t currently talking to each other at the moment, they did seem to be going out of their way to annoy the shit out of each other. It was really pissing her off. This was a game and they both knew how much she hated to lose. So, she would start doing what any sane woman in this situation would do. 
Cheat.
She would have him on his knees in a week begging for her forgiveness. He’d already apologized and in the back of her mind she understood and even appreciated what he’d done for her, but she was still hurt by the way he’d done it. He’d terrified her and knowing that it could have been done differently hurt her more than anything. Instead of taking his time and holding her and reassuring her that everything would be okay, he’d terrified her. 
Madison loved him. Hell, she adored him, but he had to learn that he couldn’t treat her like that ever again. She wasn’t some child that needed to be taken in hand. He was the person that she trusted, the only man she ever trusted, and he’d hurt her. One day she would forgive him, but only on her terms.
Ephraim was busy relieving himself when she put the first part of her plan in motion. He had a routine that he never faltered from. He woke up, drank two pints of blood, relieved himself and took his shower before he did anything else. Nothing came between him and his shower. 
Nothing.
Last week when the city had to shut the water off to fix the main he sat on the bathroom counter for four hours, waiting for the water to be turned on. It seemed to be his weakness, well, one of his weaknesses. With a coy smile, Madison stripped out of her tee shirt and pajama pants and stepped into the shower. She turned the water on with a satisfied smile. He was going to pissed that she used the all the hot water and she couldn’t wait, because she was going to-
“Pass the soap?” he asked from behind her. 
Shriek like an idiot. 
How the hell did he do that? She had super sensitive hearing thanks to him and he kept sneaking up on her. After she was done being mad at him and he’d sufficiently groveled, she would have to ask him to show her how he did that.
“Stop doing that!” she snapped, because it was hell on her nerves. 
It really was.
He yawned loudly. “Sorry,” he muttered as he reached past her for the soap, brushing his stomach and other things against her back. 
Before she could react, he was stepping back as if nothing had happened as she stood there, somehow resisting the urge to lick her lips and demand that he do it again.
“Ephraim, what are you doing in here?” she asked, making sure to sound putout.
“A shower,” he said around a yawn.
“But I’m in here,” she pointed out even though they both knew the battle was lost.
“Hmm, so you are. How about that?” he said in an amused tone.
She looked over her shoulder, giving him her best scowl. “Get out.”
“Of course, how rude of me.”
“I agree. Now get out.”
“I’m leaving…right after my shower,” he said with a straight face.
She groaned. “You can’t be in here. I’m naked!”
His eyebrows pulled together as his eyes ran down her body, slowly. “Look at that you are. Hmm, imagine that,” he drawled.
With a shrug, he moved closer so that he could wet his hair, seeming to forget all about her. Since he was no longer looking at her, she decided to give up glaring at him and finish her shower. This match was lost.
Ephraim watched as the water ran down her smooth, tanned skin. Her skin reminded him of mocha, it was only a touch darker than his own, but he liked it. Toasty, that’s what he thought of when he saw her skin. It looked warm and inviting and he remembered all too well just how soft it was. He missed holding her at night and touching her, and kissing her whenever he wanted. 
Every time he thought of sucking up his pride and apologizing and begging for her forgiveness she would say the phrase that broke him, “I hate you.” She didn’t mean it. He knew that, but those three little words were enough to keep him at bay. 
He’d heard those words hundreds of times before and never once had those words affected him the way that they did when she said them. While his brother had been alive, Ephraim had been a cold bastard to the women who shared his bed. Shared was too generous of a word. They only spread for him so that he could give them pleasure. Once that was done he’d left. He’d never slept with any of them. That was too personal. Besides, he’d never trusted any of them.
After Marc died, he’d turned into the cold bastard Caroline came to know. He hadn’t cared about anyone or anything except what he wanted, company from his own kind. He didn’t care if it was a human child he’d created or another Pyte, he just didn’t want to be alone anymore.
The only person who could manage to handle him and put him in his place had been Eleanor Buckman. She’d seen through his bullshit the first day and let him know it. When he fucked up, she’d prop her fists on her hips while she waited for him to stop pissing her off, when she’d finally had enough, she would reach up without a word and slap him upside the head. Was it any wonder that her granddaughter would be the only other woman able to manage him?
“Madison, you have sap on your back from yesterday,” he lied and not really caring that he’d sunk this low. 
He needed to touch her without giving into her demands. If they were going to settle this it was going to be on equal terms. He wasn’t about to spend eternity whipped. Well, anymore whipped than he already was. A man had to draw a line after all.
 “Where?” she asked as she reached back and searched for the mysterious sap.
He ran his finger down the middle of her shoulders where he knew she wouldn’t be able to reach. She knew it too. “Here, let me.”
“Fine,” she said with a resigned sigh as she dropped her hands away.
Ephraim had to stop himself from grinning like an idiot while he soaped up his hands. He was going to touch her again, but on his terms. She looked back over her shoulder just as he managed to hide his smile. “Just the tree sap, nothing else.”
“Nothing else,” he repeated in a bored tone. She studied his face a moment longer before turning around.
His fingers itched to grab her, caress her, and squeeze her, but he had to behave. Licking his lips, he reached over and gently rubbed her back. 
“Is it coming off?” she asked.
“Nope.” 
And it wasn’t going to, at least not until he dragged this out until he was satisfied. 
Three weeks had been too damn long.
He spread his hands over her back so he could use his thumbs to caress the area as her breath caught. Damn, it felt good to touch her. After a few minutes he decided this wasn’t enough. “Oh, I missed some.” 
“Huh?” she asked in a daze.
“Hold on, I’ll get it,” he said as he gently ran his hands over her back.
Madison’s caught as his hand moved down to caress her bottom. Before she could register the touch, his hands were moving away. Then he slowly reached around until he was caressing her stomach. 
She could feel his hot breath on her nape. “Better make sure there’s no sap over the baby,” he whispered.
 She could only nod, it made sense, she thought. Better to be safe than sorry. There was nothing worse than old sap. He was just helping her out that was all, she told herself, more than willing to bullshit herself if it meant that he was touching her.
His hands slowly made their way up over her stomach and before she knew what was happen, he was cupping her breasts in his very capable hands. With a groan, he rubbed her nipples between his fingers, pinching and teasing them as his mouth found her neck where he sucked and licked her skin slowly, sensually. Madison licked her lips and dropped her head back against his shoulder. 
“What are you doing, Ephraim?” 
“There’s some sap on your neck,” he said softly as he used his hold on her breasts to pull her firmly against him. “I think there’s one other spot that I’ve neglected.”
 “There is?” she asked as she licked her lips, hungrily.
“Mmmhmm.” 
He kept one breast firmly in hand as his other hand smoothly made its way between her legs. Ephraim used his foot to push her legs apart as he ran his finger across her slit, teasing her until she moved her legs further apart to give him better access. He slid his finger between her slit, teasing her swollen clit. 
Madison moaned softly as he teased her and gasped when his finger slid inside her. His tongue traced a line to her earlobe and then flicked it, making her groan and move against him. 
As he worked a second finger inside her, Madison reached up and grabbed his hair, yanking his mouth down to hers. He eagerly went. While their tongues wrestled for control, his fingers thrust inside her as he ground his erection against her ass, forcing her to move against his fingers.
The sensation of his hand on her breast, tongue in her mouth, fingers inside of her, and his large hard shaft grinding against her bottom was too much. Madison screamed into his mouth as she lost control. 
“That’s it, baby, come for me,” he whispered against her mouth. She screamed again as another orgasm hit her harder than the last one. “Tell me you miss me. Tell me that you love me, sweetheart.”
“No,” her voice cracked as she struggled to stay in control when all she wanted to do was scream at him one last time, needing to understand why he’d hurt the way that he had. 
“Tell me!” he snapped as he began thrusting harder against her, sending her towards another orgasm.
 “No! I hate you,” she somehow managed to force the lie that broke her heart.
Before the last syllable had a chance to leave her mouth, she was stumbling forward and had to slap her hands against the wall to stop herself from falling. She looked back, expecting to see him ready for another fight, but he was gone. The bathroom door slammed shut let her know that she’d finally pushed him too far.
*-*-*-*
“Too far,” he bit out as he walked down the hall and headed towards the front stairs. 
She’d pushed him too damn far this time. 
When he rounded the corner, he spotted Chris in the hallway, wrestling with Joshua. With an exaggerated groan, he threw Joshua over his bare shoulder and stood up and spun around. Joshua laughed gleefully. “I’m getting dizzy!”
“Body slam!” Chris roared playfully.
Joshua yelped in alarm. “No!” 
Chris pretended to break the giggling child over his leg. When the boys noticed Ephraim’s presence they sobered immediately.
“Dad, what’s wrong?” Chris asked as he placed Joshua gently on his feet, who staggered drunkenly around until Chris placed a hand on his head and held him still. 
As he stood there, he couldn’t help but wonder when they’d all stopped wearing shirts in the house. It was probably right around the time that he’d bought it since they never would have pulled it off when Eleanor owned the house, but now that his name was on the deed she didn’t say a word. The only time Eleanor put her foot down was at the table. The boys were expected to come to meals fully dressed, which was fine with him.
 “Nothing. Do you feel like a work out?” he asked, desperate for a fight. 
“Normally, I would love to, but since you look like you’re ready to tear something apart with your bare hands, I’m gonna have to pass.”
Nothing was going his way today. “I’m not going to hurt you. I just want a workout.”
“I’ll workout with you, Ephraim!” Joshua said cheerfully. They let him come down to the basement so that he wouldn’t feel left out from time to time, but he wasn’t allowed down there when things were guaranteed to get violent. 
“I don’t know, little man. I’m afraid you’d hurt me,” Ephraim said, as he moved back from the boy, making sure to look appropriately afraid. 
Joshua grinned hugely as he charged at him. Ephraim caught him around the waist and hung him upside down. He swung him gently from side to side like a pendulum as he spoke to Chris. “If I promise to take most of it out on the weights and bag first, would you come down?” 
Chris tapped his chin thoughtfully. “You know what I’m thinking, don’t you?”
He was almost afraid to ask. “What?”
“If I had some tattoos I could go down there and not have to worry about any bruises showing from the ass whooping you’re bound to give me.”
“So, you’re willing to get your ass kicked as long as I cover the bruises with tattoos?” he asked, chuckling.
“It does seem fair.”
“You know what else sounds fair?”
“No, what?” Chris asked warily. 
“That we stick to the original deal and I take you next November when you turn seventeen. I’ll even pay for the tats.”
Chris seemed to think it over. “Can I get two?”
“If you don’t cry like a girl after the first one you can have a second one. That will be your birthday gift.” Chris was turning seventeen and was also going to need a car, for patrol, he thought before adding, “Well, one of your gifts anyway.”
“Okay,” he said with a nod.
“Ephraim, can I get a tattoo, too?” Joshua asked between giggles.
“When you’re seventeen.”
“Oh, man! That’s like seven years away!”
“If Chris doesn’t mind, you can come with us, but you can’t tell any of the women, okay?”
“We won’t tell, but you just did,” Chris said with a pointed look past Ephraim’s shoulder.
Madison’s scent drifted towards him as he turned around to find Madison watching them with an amused expression. “Why don’t you boys go downstairs and get a snack. I need to talk to Ephraim.”
“Come here, squirt,” Chris growled as he took Joshua by the ankles and carried him down the stairs, pretending that he was going to drop him along the way. They could hear Joshua giggling and pleading with Chris to put him down all the way to the kitchen.
“Eph-”
He held up his hand, still listening. “It sounds like the boys have just found your stash of candy bars.”
She waved the comment off. “I don’t care about th- Wait. They’re touching my chocolate?” she demanded, momentarily distracted from the reasons he was here
 She’d been looking forward to her collection of Mounds bars and peanut butter cups, she thought with something close to a pout.
He pointed to his ear, indicating that she should listen. “You hear that?”
“Yes, those little punks. They should know better than to come between a woman and her chocolate.”
“I’ll buy you more.”
 “I don’t really care about the chocolate, Ephraim. I just want to talk to you,” she said, still trying to figure out what she could say to make this right.
He turned his back on her and headed down the stairs. “So you can tell me that you hate me again? Yeah, I never get enough of that,” he said dryly.
“Would you please stop?” 
“No, just say what you need to say and get it over with, but I’m warning you, I will snap if you tell me you hate me one more time.”
Madison slammed into his back when he suddenly stopped at the bottom of the stairs. “Are you okay?” he asked as he turned around to catch her before she fell on her ass.
 “What is that sound?” she asked, cringing when an annoying high-pitch sound assaulted her sensitive ears and made her stumble back away from him as she was forced to slap her hands over her ears to block it out.

Chapter 29
“Crying and by the sound of it, somebody’s doing a piss poor job of faking it.” 
He knew who it was of course. The scent of cheap perfume that tainted the air told him. Sighing, he headed for the closed parlor doors and yanked them open to find Eleanor sitting on the loveseat looking at a loss while she watched Candy sob theatrically into her hands.
 “Mama, I need to come back just for a little while. Things just went a little badly.”
“Emma, things didn’t go badly for you. It’s all over town that he found you in bed with another man,” Eleanor said in a strained voice.
“But, what did he expect?” Candy wailed. “He left me alone every day and I got lonely.”
“Work, Emma. It’s called work. That’s where he went. If you had kept your job then you wouldn’t have been so bored.”
She sniffed. “They fired me.”
“Please tell me you didn’t get caught stealing again.”
Shaking her head, Emma sat up, wiping at her eyes. “Just a misunderstanding. They simply miscounted.”
“I really don’t know what you expect from me, Emma,” Eleanor said, sounding exhausted.
“Well, I was hoping to come back here for a little while. I just need time for myself to refocus and find myself, you know? I just really need to get in touch with who I am so I can get on the right path and do something with my life.”
“You really expect to come back here after you left your children? You didn’t even care where their next meal came from. For all you knew these last five months they could have been on the streets, begging for food.”
“Oh, mama, you’re being ridiculous. I knew you would never let them go hungry.”
“I’m sure you did,” Eleanor said tightly.
Emma stood up, smiling and probably thinking she’d won. “I’ll just go get my stuff. Since those people moved out I’ll take a room at the other end of the house, you know so I can have some privacy and figure things out.”
“I wouldn’t bother getting your things.” Ephraim said, stepping into the doorway.
Both women turned to look at him. Eleanor looked embarrassed while Emma’s eyes ran over his naked chest, hungrily. Neither woman could see Madison since she was still in the foyer, leaning against the wall and trying to reign in her temper. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her tongue ran over her fangs, trying to send them back the way Ephraim had showed her. It wasn’t working. With each word that left Candy’s mouth her temper flared.
“Hey, Ephraim, looking good,” Candy purred, making the red in Eleanor’s face darken.
“As I’m sure you know, I purchased the house off your mother months ago so you can stop the shit.”
“Oh?” she said coyly as she sat back down and crossed her legs slowly as she leaned back, giving him free reign to look her over.
“Yes.”
“Well, maybe you and I can come to some sort of new…arrangement?”
She was going to kill her. That was it. Madison was going to bitch slap her mother. After all the years, this was how she repaid her by hitting on her man? She was going to kill her, she decided as she opened her eyes and took a deep fortifying breath.
“Madison, what’s-whoa!” Chris came to an abrupt halt in the foyer.
“Wow! Can I get contacts, too?” Joshua asked excitedly. “That is so cool!”
“Maybe later, little man.” Chris tried to play it off.
“Oh, fangs too! Cool!”
“Oh, no,” she mumbled, wincing at the expression on her brother’s face.
“Yeah, she looks cool, huh? Why don’t we go upstairs and play a video game?”
“In your room? You have the best games. Dad, I mean Ephraim won’t buy me any of the cool ones.”
“Sure, in my room,” Chris said as he pushed Joshua towards the stairs and threw Madison a look asking if she was okay. 
She nodded before she closed her eyes again. That had been too close. Thank god it hadn’t been Jill, she thought, thankful for small favors.
Ephraim didn’t say anything for a long moment. He was too busy listening to the conversation in the foyer. That had been a close call. Everyone would have to be told sooner or later what they were and what Chris was if they wanted to keep this thing a secret and to keep them safe. But, they were children and Eleanor knew nothing of the real world that she lived in. She had no idea that she shared this world with monsters like him, but she would soon enough.
Emma was on her feet again, walking towards him. “Why don’t I go pick out my room and you and I can discuss the terms of my stay?” she suggested as she licked her lips invitingly.
“Don’t you have any pride, Emma?” Eleanor asked in disgust.
Candy shrugged it off. It seemed she was done playing nice for her mother. She’d found a new mark and from the look on her face she had every intention of getting what she wanted.
Ephraim gently pushed her away when she stepped too close. “Emma,” he said the name because he knew how much she hated it, “I’m with your daughter so your offers are wasted.”
Candy laughed. “She’s just a girl, Ephraim. You need someone with experience, someone who will please you.”
“Emma!”
His jaw clenched tightly. “Come on, Ephraim. Let’s go talk about it, shall we?” she asked as she reached for his hand, but he drew back.
 “Emma, let’s be perfectly clear, even if I wasn’t with your daughter I would never want you,” he told her.
That didn’t seem to bother Candy. She continued to smile knowingly at him as she moved closer. She seemed to think she’d be able to get whatever she wanted from him, free room and board and maybe some cash. 
“You don’t mean that, Ephraim,” she all but purred.
“I’m in love with your daughter and when she stops being so damn stubborn I plan on asking her to marry me. I’ve had the ring ready for months now,” he said the last part for Madison. Her gasp was rewarding enough so he continued now that he’d made his feelings known on the matter. 
“As far as you joining this household, there’s not a chance in hell that’s going to happen. I don’t think it would be good for Joshua and Chris to be around someone like you and I know from what happened with Jill in New Mexico that it definitely wouldn’t be good for her,” he bit out when he realized that he’d fucked up when he caught Eleanor’s frown. He’d forgotten that she didn’t know anything about her daughter shoving her youngest granddaughter towards a thirty-five year old man.
She scoffed, “They’re used to me. When I lived here before we barely spoke. They don’t care what I do so there’s no reason why I can’t come back.”
Ephraim ran a hand through his hair in aggravation. This woman was really trying his patience. “You’re not coming back here, because I do not want you near my child since there is no way in hell that our baby is going to be subjected to someone like you!”
Emma recoiled as if she’d been hit. “You’ve made me a grandmother?” she shrieked, as though was the vilest thing in the world.
He ignored her and the choking sound of outrage coming from the foyer and focused on Eleanor. She suddenly looked every day of her fifty-eight years. It looked like she’d finally been beaten and Ephraim didn’t have to ask to know why.
She thought she failed, again. Her granddaughter was unmarried and pregnant. History was repeating itself and she was helpless to stop it. She didn’t want to see another child suffer like Madison and her grandchildren had, but she was forgetting one thing.
Ephraim took a knee in front of Eleanor and took her trembling hand into his. “Eleanor, she’s not Emma. She’s not Emma,” he said, hating the pain he saw in her eyes.
“Eleanor, she’s not sixteen and she’s not alone. You know how much I love her. I’ve wanted to marry her for a long time. You need to know that she will be taken care of and want for nothing in this world. Our child will grow up in a loving home with both parents. We will never hurt our children the way that Emma hurt Madison. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
“You, me, Madison, the baby, Chris, Jill and Joshua are going to stay right here and be a family. The three of us are going to raise them together. I promise you that I will be the father to your Jill, Joshua and Chris as well.”
Eleanor gave him a watery smile. “You have been a good father to them and I thank you for that.”
“Thank you, but you’re forgetting the best part.”
“Oh?” she asked, looking adorably confused.
“This will be the first grandchild you get to hold as a baby since Madison. The first of many I hope.”
He watched as realization shot hit her. She sucked in a deep breath. “That’s right,” she said, grinning hugely. “Can I help with the nursery?” she asked, sounding excited.
Ephraim pressed a kiss to the back of her hand. “I’m sure you, Madison and Jill will do a splendid job.”
“Oh, there’s so much to do!” Eleanor gushed as she jumped to her feet. “I’ve got to call the girls so we can start on baby blankets and clothes.”
“You can’t do this! She can’t have a baby!” Emma snapped.
Eleanor ignored her as she left the room. He knew the moment she spotted Madison. “A baby! We’re having a baby!” the older woman cried happily. He heard all the air rush out of Madison’s lungs from the bear hug Eleanor was most likely giving her. 
“And a wedding! Don’t forget the wedding!” Ephraim yelled. He didn’t want her to forget that part since he was sure Madison would come around eventually.
“I’m so happy! A baby and a wedding!” Eleanor said as she hurried to the kitchen, no doubt where she would be making several dozen calls tonight.
“Ephraim, you don’t know what you’re doing!” Emma shrieked.
With Eleanor gone, he turned his attention back to her. “Oh, what don’t I know?” he murmured. 
“I’m going to tell you this for your own good,” she said as she pushed her thick, dyed blonde hair back over her shoulder before announcing, “She’s done this before.”
That was unexpected.
“Excuse me?”
Candy nodded sympathetically. “It’s true. Madison is a pathological liar. It pains me to say this, but this has happened before.”
“Enlighten me,” he drawled, knowing that Madison had stopped breathing and wondered how long it would take her to calm down before she stormed into this room and went for her mother’s throat.
“Very well, I was hoping I wouldn’t have to, but apparently she’s got you under her spell,” she said with a weary sigh as she sauntered over to the couch and sat down while he took the seat Eleanor vacated minutes earlier and waited for the bullshit to begin.
“Since she was little I’ve tried to help her, but nothing I ever did seemed to be enough. At first, it was just lying, but then she started to steal and I would have to cover for her. Things got bad when she hit puberty. She started to sleep around and soon after that, she began drinking and doing drugs.”
“I have never seen her take so much as a sip of alcohol since I’ve known her,” he bit out.
 “She’s been drinking in secret since the last time she was pregnant,” she said with a sympathetic smile.
Holy shit, this woman was the bitch to end all bitches, he realized, wondering how Madison had managed to come out sane. He shifted on the couch, trying to focus on what she’d just said. “You’re saying that she’s been pregnant before?”
“Yes, she didn’t know who the father was then either. When she couldn’t get any money from any of the men that she’d told were the fathers, she had the baby aborted. That was one of the reasons we came out here. I had to get her away from all of that.”
“I thought you came out here because you were homeless and penniless.”
“That too,” she ground out before moving on. “Of course, I was penniless. Madison took every penny I brought into the house. It was so hard putting food on the table for my two little ones with her around. Once I got here, I needed to get away and clear my head. I know I should have gotten her help,” she said, adding a slight sob at the end there.
“So, what are you trying to tell me?” 
She moved down the couch until she was sitting close to him and could reach over and take his hand in hers and for the moment, he let her. “If she’s really pregnant, then the baby probably isn’t yours,” she said as she began running her fingers suggestively up and down his arm. 
“You think she’s been cheating on me?” he asked softly.
“I didn’t want to be the one to tell you, but she’s been with so many men since she’s moved here that she’s developing quite the reputation. This baby could be yours,” she hedged with a sympathetic wince.
He looked down at the rug as he forced himself to ignore her touch and the way it made his skin crawl as she shifted her up his arm and over his bicep. “What do you suggest I do then? If she’s been cheating on me then it’s over.”
“Oh, and I don’t blame you. You’re such a strong, good man. You shouldn’t have to take that,” she crooned.
“What should I do?”
“Well, I think space might be the best option. She’s saved plenty of money and has a good job. You should just ask her to move out.”
“What about the baby?”
Candy shrugged. “She’s been cheating on you? Do you really want to see her? If she is pregnant she’ll be fine. She’ll take care of the baby. She’s good at that and you shouldn’t have to be hurt by this. It’s not like she’s your wife or anything, thank god. Can you imagine how humiliated you would be if she was?”
“So, you’re suggesting that I throw her out?” he asked, making sure that he had this right.
She squeezed his bicep to reassure him. “I think it might be best.”
“I can’t believe this,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief. 
Of course, she took it the wrong way, which was the way he intended for her to take it.
“I know. I never thought she would do this again. I hoped and prayed that you would be enough to turn her around, but I was wrong. It’s not your fault. You’re such a good man,” she said as she placed her other hand on his knee.
“What about the kids?” he asked, knowing that he was speeding up her little game. 
“Well, I wanted to move back here anyway. Granted, I didn’t know she was playing this game again, but I would be willing to help out with them and I’d be there for you as well,” she promised as her hand moved up his inner thigh where he caught it.
Ephraim chuckled darkly “Oh, Candy, how you amuse me,” he said coldly as he pushed her hand away and looked her in the eye. “Let’s start with the basics. Madison doesn’t lie. She’s cheats her ass off at stupid games, but she doesn’t lie and she’s never stole a penny in her life. I’ve never seen a woman work harder before or someone so selfless. She even stretched herself thin max when she took Chris in, but she never once complained.”
“She’s fooled you,” she said as she gave him a pitying look.
“Candy, I can tell you right now that Madison was a virgin the first time I took her.”
“Oh, you poor thing. Woman can fake that,” she said confidingly and he had a feeling that she probably knew that from experience.
“Do you remember that doctor’s appointment at the OBGYN?”
“Yes,” she said hesitantly.
“Well, the doctor confirmed it to my face that she was a virgin, not that I had any doubts. From the look on your face, you really didn’t know she was a virgin, did you?”
“I-”
“So, when you realized your mother was no longer able to give you a free ride you thought I would if played your cards right. Then you realized your possible meal ticket wasn’t interested and you thought to get rid of the competition, right?”
“Ephraim, don’t be like that,” she purred.
Shaking his head in disgust, he stood up, putting some space between them. “Did you really think I would throw the woman I love and my unborn baby out on the street based on your word?”
She looked nervous for the first time since their conversation started. “She’s just using you Ephraim,” she argued desperately.
“No, she’s royally pissed at me at the moment and I don’t blame her. I did something stupid without asking her first. Even if she never wants me again, I would never touch you.”
“Ephraim?”
“You never deserved her you know. You used her and discarded her and those two great kids. She gave up everything to put food on the table for those kids and you never once thanked her. Now, you repay her kindness by coming in here and trying to throw her in the street? You disgust me,” he snapped as he turned his back on her only to discover that Madison was standing in the doorway.
“Oh! Madison, we were just talking about you!” Candy said cheerfully, trying to pretend that nothing happened.
“I heard,” Madison said dryly.
Candy’s face dropped. “It’s not what you think. I-I was just testing him to make sure he was good enough for you.”
“How kind,” she drawled as her eyes were locked with Ephraim’s. “Can I talk to you for a moment?”
“Of course.”
“Wait, what about me?”
Madison finally looked at her mother and realized the truth. She meant absolutely nothing to her. Finally, after all these years she didn’t feel anything when she looked at her mother, not love, pity, or even guilt. Candy’s pull over her was gone.
“What about you?” she asked in a cold voice.
“I have nowhere to go. You’re really not going to throw your mother out on the street, are you? What will your baby think when it finds out you threw its grandmother out or Jill and Joshua?” Candy asked, playing the game she knew worked so well with her.
“You’ve never been a mother to those kids and you certainly aren’t this baby’s grandmother,” Madison said in the same cold voice.
“How could you! I have no money and nowhere to go! Stop being such a selfish little bitch!” Candy snapped, no doubt realizing that whatever hold she’d once had over Madison was gone.
Ephraim put a hand out to stop Madison from ripping Candy’s throat out as he focused on Candy. 
“I’m going to give you five thousand dollars on the agreement that you leave the state and never come back. I’m going to go talk to Madison and when I get back, you better have made your decision, because this is a one-time deal. I will purchase a one-way ticket to the state of your choice and give you some money to cover the first two days at a hotel. Once I hear from you, I will send a check to you for five thousand dollars and this will be the last time you bother us. I will never give you another cent so you better make it last until you get a job.”
“You’re giving me five grand?” Candy gushed as her eyes lit up.
He nodded. “It’s your choice, five grand and you leave or nothing and you can stick around somewhere else so you can be near your kids. What’s it going to be?”
She didn’t even blink. “The five grand!” She clapped her hands together. “This is so exciting!”
Neither one of them was surprised. “Fine. Stay here and I’ll be back after I talk to Madison.” 
She waved them off. “I’ll be fine, don’t worry about me.” 
They weren’t. 
With one last look at the woman that didn’t deserve three great kids, Ephraim led Madison into the foyer. “Where do you want to talk?”
“The training room.”
“Fine.” 
He wasn’t looking forward to this, but it was better to get it over with so he could start groveling and begging her to come back to him. He would, too. He couldn’t live without her and he didn’t give a damn if he made an ass out of himself to prove it.
He punched the code into the alarm pad. At the beep, he opened the door and held it open for her. The door shut with a click and a beep behind them before they reached the bottom step. 
“Look, Madison, I-” he started to say when she grabbed him by the shirt and slammed him into the wall as her mouth closed over his.

Chapter 30
Madison trailed kisses down his chin and neck as he bit back a groan. “Not that I’m complaining, but I thought you wanted to talk,” he said, because he was clearly a fucking moron.
“Mmmhmm,” she murmured as ran her tongue over one flat nipple on her way down his stomach, nibbling and kissing as she went. 
“I’m really sorry about everything, Madison. I know I should have done it another way and I know you know all the reasons so I’m not going to get into that again. If you could just see it in your heart to forgive me I will spend the rest of eternity making it up to you,” he rushed out on a groan, knowing that he was rambling on like an idiot and unable to help himself.
She laughed against his skin. “What do you call this?”
He groaned as she unzipped his pants. “I don’t know what it is just please don’t stop.” 
His pants and boxers were shoved down and in seconds, he was stepping out of them and kicked them aside, leaving him naked and harder than he’d been in a long time. Madison looked up and met his eyes as her tongued darted out and licked the tip of his cock.
He moaned as his erection jerked under her touch while she ran her tongue from the tip to base and back again, leaving him panting until he couldn’t take it anymore. 
“Enough!” he growled as he yanked her off her feet and threw her over his shoulder. 
She giggled breathlessly as he carried her into the training room. He carried her past the exercise equipment, the knives and guns, and holy weapons laid out on tables until he came to the matted section of the large room. 
“Three weeks is too long, baby,” he bit out as he gently placed her on the mat. 
“I agree so don’t piss me off again,” she said in a rush as she ran her hands over his chest and arms while he tore her clothes off. 
Since she was still sitting up, he dropped his head between her legs and helped himself to her slit. Licking her lips, she slowly leaned back until she was resting on her elbows while Ephraim slowly licked her, teasing her as she spread her legs further apart for him, desperate for more.
Madison moaned as she rocked her hips against his mouth. Ephraim slid his tongue inside her core while his thumb took over rubbing her swollen nub. “Oh, god, Ephraim!” she screamed as an orgasm tore through her and her hips rose off the mat, riding his mouth to the end. 
When the last scream ended, Ephraim tore his mouth away and covered her body with his. As he leaned in to kiss her, he hooked her legs over his shoulders, opening her wide for him. “Tell me, Madison.” he demanded in a strained voice as the tip of his cock rubbed against her slit.
“I love you, Ephraim. Please!” she begged as he thrust his hips forward, burying himself deep inside her in one motion.
“I love you, Madison. I’m so sorry. So sorry,” he gasped as he pulled out all the way only to slide slowly back inside her, savoring the feel of her wet sheath tightening around him and pulling him back in. 
Her head dropped back. He watched as she licked her lips. Her fangs descended as another climax hit her. She moaned and arched beneath him, licking her lips as he fucked her. He slowed his thrusts, planning to make her come one last time before he lost it. As it was, he was dangerously close to coming too soon.
“Do you forgive me?” he whispered against her neck.
“Mmmhmmm, I forgave you upstairs when you said I was stubborn.”
He laughed weakly against her skin. “That’s all it took?”
“That and you’ve never doubted me and even with a mother like Candy you were willing to take a risk with me.”
“There’s no risk with you, Madison. I adore you, sweetheart. I’m so sorry, baby, please believe me. I’m such an idiot. I-”
“Shouldn’t you be fucking me instead of talking?” she asked with a sultry smile that had him growling against her skin. She knew what dirty talk did to him and she loved it when he lost control. 
Ephraim finally let go. 
He didn’t have to worry about hurting her or scaring her off any longer, because now, she could handle it. He fucked her harder than he’d ever fucked any woman before, loving the way that she moaned his name. He knew she liked it when her body gripped him tightly, trying to stop him from pulling back out. She was drenching him and making every slide into her body more intense. She was so damn wet he could cry.
His fangs lowered and he decided to show her exactly what it was like to be fucked by a Pyte. He sank his teeth into the crook of her neck and his eyes squeezed shut on a groan of pleasure. It had never been like this. He’d bitten plenty of women while bedding them, but he’d never gained any pleasure from it. Now he was ready to explode.
Madison gasped as his fangs sank inside her. It increased the pleasure from what he was doing between her legs. Sex with him had always been incredibly, but it had never been like this. Moaning, she managed to turn her head and licked his neck loving the way he growled. She licked him again and was rewarded with a harder tug on her neck and a more violent thrust between her legs. It was too much and she couldn’t hold back.
Ephraim groaned long and loud when he felt her fangs pierce his neck. It was the most erotic sensation he’d ever felt in his life. Their loud moans vibrated throughout the room as a powerful climax claimed them both. Madison’s nails dug into his back, driving him on until the last tremor subsided. They released their bites and ended on the sweetest kiss that he’d ever experienced.
After a minute, he pulled back to smile down at her only to find Madison biting her lip and looking embarrassed. 
“What is it, baby?” 
“We were rather loud,” she mumbled
He grinned arrogantly. “We definitely were.”
“Everyone on the first floor probably heard us,” she said, looking horrified.
He kissed the tip of her nose. “Impossible. I’ve had the basement soundproofed.”
“You have?”
“Mmmhmm, otherwise Eleanor would kill us for firing guns inside the house.”
Somehow she managed to pull her legs off of his shoulders and gently pushed him off so that she could sit up. “You said ‘us’… you mean Chris is firing guns?”
He exhaled slowly as he sat back. “Madison, he’s not a boy. We’ve talked about this. He’s a Sentinel. This is what he’s meant to do and he’s very good at it. They all are, but he has to practice to improve his skills.”
She took his hand in hers and began playing with his fingers. 
“Madison, do you understand?”
After a moment she spoke. “Yes, I don’t like it though. Chris is like a little brother to me and he’s my best friend. It scares me when you take him out on patrol.”
“I know that, baby, but you need to remember that he’s my son and I take every precaution to keep him safe. I would never let anything happen to him, okay?” 
She looked up at him, smiling sweetly. “You really love him, don’t you?”
His lips pulled up into a lopsided grin. “The brat’s definitely grown on me.” In a more serious tone he said, “Yes, I love him very much as I love Joshua and Jill as if they were my own.”
Madison tugged on his hand until he leaned forward for a kiss. “You’re a very good man who does very, very, very, very, very stupid things,” she half teased.
“I’m an idiot,” he confessed on a sigh. “You’re really going to have your hands full keeping me in line,” he told her as he brushed his lips against hers.
“What do you suggest I do to keep you in line?” her whispered seductively.
“Marry me. Make an honest man out of me,” he proposed against her mouth as he laid her back on the mat only to have her push him onto his back and quickly straddle his hips. “I tell you what, if you can make me scream your name three times then I’ll marry you.”
His hands cupped her hips. “Is there a time limit on this deal?”
She leaned forward, sliding against his already hardening cock. “Oh no, actually taking your time is encouraged on this deal and if you make me scream your name four times then I’ll marry you tomorrow.”
Grabbing her hips, he brought her forward and slid inside her. “Better get ready to repeat your vows, Madison, because tomorrow you’re mine.”
*-*-*-*
“Nice!” Chris said appreciatively as Joshua took out four bad guys.
Joshua was in the zone and nothing else mattered right now. He leaned back against the foot of Chris’s bed as he readjusted himself into a new sitting position, his eyes never leaving the screen as he did it. 
“Hey, loser,” Jill said as she knocked on his door and came in without waiting for an invitation and flopped down on across his bed.
“He’s not a loser,” Joshua said automatically.
“Thanks, little man,” he said as he looked back at Jill to find her watching them play. “Whatcha need?”
“Grandma’s on the phone calling everyone she’s ever met. She told me to order pizza for dinner.”
“Sweet,” Chris said with a grin. 
As much as he loved grandma’s home cooking, he really missed junk food. Then again, she didn’t let them order out very often unless something big was going on. 
“What’s up with Grandma? Did the reverend finally make his move?” he teased.
Her gaze shot to Joshua. “I’ll tell you later,” she said, which of course grabbed his attention. 
“Tell me now. Give me hints,” he said, tossing his controller on the floor and turned in his game chair to face her.
“No, order the pizza first.”
“You.”
“No, you do it,” she said dismissively. 
Every chance she got she talked down to him. It was irritating and he couldn’t help but wonder what he did to get her panties in a bunch.
“Fine, hand me my phone. It’s behind you.”
She looked over her shoulder at the silver phone on his nightstand. “Just use the one in your pocket.”
He pretended not to hear her. He wasn’t really supposed to talk about that phone. It was his Sentinel phone, GPS, and emergency beacon, basically it was his lifeline to the Council. “It’s my work phone, Jill. I’m not allowed to use it to order pizza. Just throw me my phone.”
She tossed the phone to him. “I don’t understand why Ephraim quit his job with the police department to work with a sixteen-year-old kid working security?” she said with snort, clearly not buying the line of bullshit they’d fed everyone.
“Believe what you want.” That was the cover story they gave. Luckily they wouldn’t have to use it much longer. The clergy needed to enter the house soon to add protection. The house required prayer guards and extra support. Ephraim said they would need to know the truth soon and he was thankful for that, because even he wasn’t buying it.
He placed the order and tossed the silver phone back to her. “So, tell me what I want to know.”
Gossip. That was Jill’s best friend. As long as you allowed her to report it or gave it to her, she was your best friend just like most of the girls at his school.
 “Well, it seems that in seven and half months they will be letting out another room,” she said, looking excited.
Chris rolled his eyes. “I already knew about that.”
“You’re such a liar.” 
“Puhlease, I was the first person they told.” 
In fact, Madison had twisted his arm, literally, and made him go into a Wal-Mart with her to buy the damn test, but she didn’t need to know that.
“Liar, why would they tell you and not us?”
He gave her a “Duh” look and spoke slowly to her as though she was an idiot. “Because he’s my father and she’s my best friend.”
“Hey!” Joshua snapped in outrage.
“Besides you, little man, of course,” Chris said as he reached out and gently punched Joshua on the shoulder.
Joshua nodded firmly, satisfied with the correction. “Of course.”
She snickered. 
“What?” he asked, already annoyed.
“He’s not really your father you know.”
“Tell that to our legal system,” he said dryly.
“Ephraim is too his Dad! You’re just jealous! He treats me like his son too and you like a daughter so I don’t know why you’re complaining, Jill. I think you’re just mad because he didn’t adopt you, too,” Joshua snapped.
“I am not! I just think it’s weird! I mean he’s only twenty-six! He can’t have a sixteen-year-old for a son. It’s just weird!” Jill snapped back, but unfortunately for her, the blush staining her cheeks gave her away.
Chris didn’t correct her and tell her that Ephraim was really 206 years old, because that was beside the point. Instead, he shrugged. “If it doesn’t bother me then why does it bother you?”
She looked around his room, pointedly. “Of course, it doesn’t bother you. He spoils you rotten.” 
Chris followed her gaze around his room. Ephraim had bought him a flat screen television, video games, a DVD player, posters, clothes, computer and all the other stuff he never had before. When he lived with his mother he’d slept on old pallet made of blankets on the floor in the living room of their old trailer. He’d never even slept on a mattress before Madison and Ephraim had taken him in.
He kept his eyes locked on her face as he pointed lazily around the room. “If memory serves me correctly, your room looks very similar to this one.”
She averted his eyes. “That’s not the point.”
“Oh, then pray tell what is? Are you pissed, because I knew about the baby first or because Ephraim is my Dad?”
“Shhh!” Jill hissed, pointing to Joshua. 
“It’s going to be a boy,” Joshua said offhandedly.
“What? How do you know?” Jill demanded.
“Last week when Ephraim took Chris and me with him to run errands, Chris he complained that Madison keeps hitting him upside the head for stealing her ‘pregnancy food’,” he said with a shrug. “It was really me, but I didn’t say anything.”
“You little punk,” Chris said, chuckling. He was impressed. The kid was coming along nicely. 
“Hey, junk food is junk food, brother.”
“You knew and you didn’t tell me?” Jill asked on a shocked gasp. 
“Why would I? You have a big mouth and you throw tantrums like Candy. I also didn’t tell you that Ephraim wants to marry her and I don’t care what you think about that!” Joshua said with a glare aimed at the game.
“So, what is it, Jill? What’s your problem?” Chris asked, because this spoiled brat act was getting old. 
Actually, it had gotten old months ago.
“I think she’s just jealous. I’m going to ask Ephraim to adopt me, too. Then Chris and I can be brothers and Ephraim will be my Dad for real.”
“He can’t adopt you!” 
“Yes, he can! He likes me, too! He introduces me to everyone as his youngest son.”
Jill rolled her eyes. “You’re such an idiot. Don’t you see what he’s doing? Remember when you were little and all of those guys bought us things or took us places?”
“Yes,” Joshua answered slowly and Chris didn’t like where this was going.
“He’s just using us to get to Madison. As soon as he gets bored with her or finds someone else, he’ll stop being nice to us.”
“Liar!” Joshua yelled, but his lower lip trembled. “He bought this house so we could stay here.”
“No, he bought this house so he could stay here. As soon as he’s done with her, we’re out.” 
“That’s not true! He loves me! He even told me so!” Joshua yelled as he dropped the game controller and started wiping frantically at his face.
“You can be a real bitch, you know that?” Chris told Jill as he pulled Joshua onto his lap.
“I’m just warning him. It’s best he finds out now instead of when we’re given the boot,” she explained and from the look on her face, she actually thought that she was helping her little brother.
Christ. 
“Save your warnings. They’re not necessary,” he said as he put his arm around Joshua. He hated the bullshit that Candy had put them through. His mother did her fair share of bullshit throughout the years, but at least he could tell when someone genuinely cared about him. 
“H-he lied?” Joshua mumbled, making Chris inwardly swear. 
Jill was lucky that he didn’t hit girls.
“No, he didn’t lie to you. If you want to ask Dad to adopt you then I’ll go with you. If for some reason he can’t like maybe Grandma is going to do it or something, then you and I are brothers no matter what, okay?”
Joshua smiled weakly and stopped crying. “Really? You’ll be my brother?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want Grandma to adopt me. I want her to be my Grandma and Ephraim to be my Dad.”
“What about Madison? Did you think about that? If he actually marries her, which I doubt, she’ll be your step-mother,” Jill said, and god, she really could be a bitch sometimes. So much like Candy sometimes that it was scary. 
That didn’t seem to bother Joshua at all. “So what? I already see her as my mom. She’s not really my sister so it won’t bother me,” he said, shifting his attention back to Chris. “Can we ask tonight?”
“Sure.”
“Kids, I think your food is here. Go answer the door,” Grandma said as she walked down the hall. They heard her talking on the phone as she headed for her room.
Chris placed Joshua on his feet. “Food, let’s go.” He grabbed his wallet and knelt down. “Alright, climb up.” Joshua didn’t need to be told twice. He jumped on Chris’s back with a smile.
 “Let’s go, you can carry the pizza,” he said to Jill before he took off running, making Joshua laugh and screech the whole way.
“Alright, team work. I’ll bend and you open the door.”
Okay!” Joshua said excitedly. 
Chris bent over and waited for Joshua to open the door and- 
Looked up when Jill screamed and he felt Joshua grip tighten around his neck to find himself looking down the barrel of a gun aimed at him.
“Stand up and move back, now,” the man holding the gun ordered.
Chris stood up slowly, keeping his eye on the man with the gun. “Slide down Joshua and stay behind me.” 
Josh did as he was asked even as he grabbed onto Chris’s back pocket tightly.
“Move back,” the man said, again. 
Nodding, Chris slowly backed up, giving Joshua time to move.
“Is anyone else in the house?” he asked as six armed men flanked him inside the house.
Before Chris could lie, Grandma walked down the stairs and Candy came out of the parlor, making him curse, because he hadn’t known she was there. 
“You two, come out here and join them,” he said, using his gun to gesture for them to move their asses. 
 “I’m not with them! I don’t even live here. Just let me leave and I won’t say anything. I promise!” Candy said, sobbing as she shook her frantically and tried to back away.
“Join the group or I’ll shoot you, bitch,” the man said as he leveled the gun on her. 
“Oh my god!” she sobbed as she stumbled into the middle of the foyer and threw her arms around Jill and pulled her in front of her, trying to use her as a human shield while Jill reached out blindly for Joshua and tried to pull him behind her, but Joshua wouldn’t give up his hold on Chris’s pants. 
“What’s going on here?” Grandma demanded as she joined them as she pulled Candy off Jill and pushed her aside so that she could step in front of Jill.
“Everyone, take off your crosses,” he demanded as the men broke off to search the house.
Chris pulled his cross off and tossed it aside as Joshua, Jill and Grandma did the same only to have them kicked against the wall and out of the way. 
“All clear,” he called out before adding with an evil grin, “I’m inviting you in.”
“About time,” a familiar voice said.
“Oh shit,” Chris groaned.
Caroline stopped in front of them as Chris’ gaze dropped down to where her stub should be only to see that her hand had grown back. “What? You’re not happy to see me?”
“To be honest? No, not really,” Chris answered.
“Chris, do you know them?” Grandma asked, pushing Jill back as she tried to get to Joshua.
“Don’t worry, Grandma. I’ll take care of it,” he said firmly.
Caroline laughed. “Oh Chris, you are so funny. But, we both know that before the night is over that I’m going to tear your family limb from limb.”
“Oh, god,” Candy said right before she passed out. Jill did her best to catch her, but in the end, she could only guide her to the ground.
“We’ll kill her first,” Caroline said, sounding bored as one of her men stepped closer to Candy. As soon as his hand touched her arm she screamed. “Ah, a little faker. Good to know.”
She looked Chris over. “Where’s Ephraim?”
“Fuck you.” 
Caroline ran her fingers along his jaw and sighed heavily. “Shoot him,” she ordered as she stepped aside. 
Chris barely had time to shove Joshua back and stepped forward. The searing pain in his chest sent him collapsing to the ground before he heard the sound of the gunshot.

Chapter 31
“I love you, Ephraim,” Madison said between kisses as her hand found her way back down to the fly of his pants She grabbed hold of him and gave him a gentle tug. “One more time?” 
“Baby, I have to get Chris and get ready for patrol,” he said, hating leaving her now that they’d made up. “Plus, we should really save some of it for the wedding night,” he said with a wink.
Madison chuckled softly as she nodded in agreement. “I guess I have a lot to do anyway.”
“Yes, you do,” he said, grinning. “You have an entire wedding to plan and pull off in less than twenty-four hours.” 
She worried her bottom lip as she considered his words, looking nervous, so he continued, “But, I bet Eleanor’s probably upstairs planning a wedding for tomorrow even as we speak.”
“You think so?” Madison asked, sounding hopeful.
“Yes, she’s been itching for this wedding for quite some time. Now that you’re pregnant she’ll want to rush it to make sure neither of us changes our minds,” he said as he brushed his lips against hers. 
“I won’t.”
“That’s very good to know,” he said, smiling as Madison flattened her palm against his growing erection when a loud piercing beep made her jump back with a yelp. 
Without a word, Ephraim reached into his pocket and took out his Sentinel phone. The light was flashing green.
“Shit,” he muttered. “Looks like we’re heading out sooner than later,” he said as he pressed his thumb against the small piece of glass on the back of the phone and waited for it to scan his finger. With another small beep the phone slid open. 
“Where are you going?” Madison asked curiously.
“One second,” he said as he waited for the text message with the Sentinel’s name that was in trouble, current location and directions from his location to the Sentinel’s was sent. “Oh, fuck.”
“What?” she asked anxiously.
“It’s here. Chris is in trouble,” he said, swearing under his breath as he walked to the weapons area.
“Maybe it’s an accident or Joshua was playing with it,” Madison whispered, looking terrified.
He shook his head. “That phone never leaves his sight. He’s very good about that. Besides, no one can open his phone except for him or another Sentinel. It’s also impossible to set off the emergency signal by accident. He has to press his finger on the scanner while pressing eleven twenty-five.”
“The day every Sentinel is born,” she guessed.
“Exactly. They’re upstairs right now. Someone let them in the house. I need to get up there before someone gets hurt,” he said as he poured a bottle of holy water over his head, allowing it to drip down his back and over his jeans. 
Madison watched as he attached two ankle holsters with guns already secured to each foot before he placed a large gun in the front of his waistband and a matching one in back. 
“I thought bullets didn’t kill vampires,” she said weakly, trying not to panic as she watched him.
“They don’t. These are for Minions.”
“But they’re human!”
He nodded. “They’re also slaves and probably upstairs. They gave up their rights as far as the Council is concerned when they took their oaths. In my opinion, they gave up their lives when they came after my family,” he explained as he pocketed a cross and several small bottles of holy water. 
Finally, he pulled on a bullet proof vest. She knew it wasn’t meant to save his life, but to stop anything from slowing him down. A bullet in his heart could knock him out for several hours, leaving him vulnerable.
She reached for one. “I’m going, too.”
His hand wrapped around her wrist. “No, you’re to stay here. I need to know you’re safe.”
“Ephraim, you said I can’t die and nothing can hurt the baby. I’m going.”
Hard cold blue eyes met hers. “You can’t die, you’re right. It’s another thing to suffer pain with absolutely no relief. You are not going. I will not have you hurt. You will stay down here and wait. I’m going to try and get the kids down here safely.” He pulled out his phone again. She watched as he pressed his thumb to the screen while typing in four numbers.
“What are you doing?”
“Two Sentinels asking for help in the same location will get a bigger response. I’m leaving this phone with you. If something should happen to prevent me from coming back for you they will find you.”
 “You’re not going to let yourself get taken, are you?” she asked, terrified that he was going to do something stupid to save them.
“No, but if they leave the house with anyone I’ll have to go,” he said as he pressed a swift kiss to her forehead. “Just please stay here.” He didn’t wait for her answer before he flashed away.
*-*-*-*
A low whistle caught his attention. He turned his head just as Ephraim moved in behind him. With one swift move, Ephraim disarmed him and pulled into the dark corner of the dining room. He lowered his head and allowed his fangs to scratch the man’s neck, making him shudder.
“Make a sound and I’ll make this a very painful death.”
The man only nodded.
 “Good, how many men are in my house including vampires?”
“Five men and the Master.”
Ephraim chuckled darkly. “You’re not lying to me now, are you?” he asked as he allowed his fang to drag across the skin, leaving behind a thin cut that he knew would sting. 
“I’m not lying,” he hissed.
“Then why are you telling me the truth?”
“She said you would change all of us. That we’d all be day walkers like you.”
“You’re taking a hell of a chance telling me her plans.”
“I don’t see any reason to lie to you,” he explained nervously.
“Because you want to remain on my good side so that I’ll change you?”
The man nodded after a moment. 
“What’s the plan for the women and children?”
He didn’t answer, but the way his entire body went still told Ephraim everything that he needed to know. 
“She told you that you were going to feed off them, didn’t she?” 
The man nodded stiffly.
“Did she fail to mention that the change takes several days?”
“N-no.”
“But you came here with the intentions of killing and feeding from my children?”
He smelled the first real wave of fear spread through the man’s body. “No, I-”
“Thanks for your help,” he said as he covered the man’s mouth with his hand and sand his teeth in his neck, knowing that he was going to need the blood for what was about to happen. So, he did what he hadn’t done in over a century. He drained the body until his heart stopped. For his family he would do anything.
With that done, he moved into the kitchen and went after the next man. Four dead bodies later, he made it to the second floor. He quietly crawled up the wall towards the ceiling and glided across the ceiling, making sure to keep away from the chandelier that hung in the middle of the foyer. 
Silently, he rolled over onto his back so that he was looking straight down at the scene bellow him and took everything in. The first man had lied of course. Below him were five heavily armed men with their guns aimed at the small group huddled in the middle of their circle. As he shifted his attention to the group in the middle the scent of blood hit him hard.
 Sentinel blood.
He shifted his attention to the half naked body lying in Eleanor’s lap. In that moment he thanked god that the boys had copied his dressing habits. He could see the wound clearly, a shoulder wound. It was a bad wound, but Chris would survive it thank god. From the burn marks around the wound he knew that it had been a close range shot and that the wound was cauterized enough to slow the bleeding to a slow trickle. 
Chris’s left arm hung uselessly by his side and his right hand was clenching into a fist as he glared at Caroline as she paced the large foyer. Satisfied that Chris was fine for the moment, he looked at the rest of the hostages.
Joshua was kneeling by his Grandmother in the middle of the circle where he safe at the moment. Jill kept her back pressed against Joshua’s side, keeping him covered. He was so proud of her at that moment. In spite of all the shit Candy put those kids through, Jill was turning out to be a really good kid. 
Candy, he was going to kill. She was slowly moving behind Joshua, trying to push him out of the middle of the circle and take his spot. Furious, he watched as she pushed at Joshua back. Every time she moved in to take his spot Jill and Grandma adjusted to cover Joshua again as they glared at Candy.
“I’m scared!” Candy cried. “Just let me take his spot. Look, he’s not even upset!”
 “She can have my seat. I’m not afraid. I don’t care if she’s a vampire or not. I’m not scared,” Joshua said evenly as he stared at Caroline.
“There’s no such thing as vampires, Joshua. Stop trying to scare me!” Candy screeched.
He went to move out of his spot when Chris reached out and grabbed his arm. “Don’t move.”
“But-”
“But nothing. If you really want me to be your big brother then you’ll start listening to me. You do not move an inch for her or I’m telling Dad and you know he’ll be pissed. You keep your little ass in the middle and don’t fucking move!”
“I don’t care about her. I just don’t want her getting anyone shot,” Joshua muttered.
“We’ll be fine. Just stay put so we know you’re okay,” Chris said, sucking in a breath as he struggled to keep his eyes open.
“So, you want him to be your brother, do you? Does that mean you want Ephraim to be your Daddy?” she asked mockingly.
“Yes,” Joshua said firmly.
Ephraim quickly took in the rest of the room. There were no vampires besides Caroline. That didn’t surprise him since she had plans for him and they didn’t include sharing him with other Masters. She wouldn’t take the chance of involving another vampire and take the chance that they would screw her over. 
Praying that he wasn’t wrong, he closed his eyes and listened. He couldn’t hear any other heart beats inside the house. So, he shifted his focus outside and heard a heartbeat over the low purr of a BMW and a radio playing and quickly dismissed him as her driver.
“What if I told you that your Daddy was just like me, but worse?” Caroline asked, clearly enjoying tormenting his little boy. He was going to fucking kill her.
He watched as Joshua folded his arms across his bare chest and bit out, “You’re a liar.”
Caroline chuckled. “Oh, I assure you I’m not. Why do you think we’re here? We need his blood.”
“He’s nothing like you!” 
She threw her head back and laughed harder. “Oh, we’ll see, won’t we?”
“What’s going on here?” asked the woman that he’d told to stay downstairs where he could keep her safe.
Ephraim’s gaze shot back to the hallway and decided that he was going to spank her ass until she couldn’t walk and then he was going to do it some more as he watched Madison step into the foyer.
*-*-*-*
Did he really think that she’d be able to sit on her ass while her family was in trouble? She spent the last half hour pacing the basement before she’d had enough. After sticking a small cross in her bra and a stake in the back of her pants she decided that she’d waited long enough. Once she’d made her decision, she’d moved her ass, knowing that it wouldn’t take Ephraim more than a few seconds to sense her and force her back downstairs.
Her only hope was that Caroline wouldn’t be able to sense the change in her unless she tasted her blood. Ephraim promised that vampires couldn’t smell Pytes and that only shifters could. Their scents were invisible to vampires and Madison prayed that he was right. 
Caroline smiled as she gestured for two of the men to grab Madison and drag her over to join her family. The scent of Chris’s blood hit her hard. She didn’t have a lot of practice with the scent of blood, but she knew enough to know that his was different. It smelled sweet and inviting, too inviting. It was a natural booby-trap Sentinels had. The blood would kill a vampire with the first drop.
“So nice of you to join us, Madison. You’ve just made my job a lot easier. Now we just have to wait for Ephraim, whom I’m assuming is going around the house, killing my men?”
“I have no idea where he is,” she said.
Smiling, Caroline walked over and leaned down as she closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. 
She knew!
Oh, crap! Caroline knew that she’d been changed and this wasn’t going to work. Madison was about to hit the psychotic bitch when Caroline reacted a bit differently than she’d expected.
“You bitch!” Caroline snapped as she stepped back while her eyes turned silver. 
Terrified that she’d screwed this up, Madison put an arm around Jill and Joshua, hoping it would be enough to protect them even though she knew it wouldn’t be. 
“You’ve been with him! I can smell him all over you! You bitch!” she shrieked again.
Madison turned to look at Caroline and did her best to hide her relief. “He’s mine,” she said firmly, hoping to keep the woman distracted long enough to figure out a way to get everyone to safety.
Caroline’s face contorted in anger. “Not for long, I guarantee that,” she bit out as she moved back to stand in front of their little group. She snapped her fingers and one of the men lowered his gun and brought her a chair. She sat down, crossed her legs, and leaned in with her chin resting on her fists.
“I want to see the looks on their faces when you tell them what Ephraim really is,” she said, and when Madison didn’t say anything, Caroline added. “If you don’t tell them then I’ll shoot them one by one starting with the old woman.”
Chris tried to sit up at that only to have Eleanor shove him right back down. “You lay still,” Eleanor hissed.
“I’ll tell them,” Chris said, sounding a little stronger.
“Even better.” Caroline grinned. “I would love to hear this explained by a Sentinel.”
“Sentinel?” Jill and Grandma asked in unison with matching frowns.
“Er…” Chris murmured, clearly at a loss for words.
Caroline jumped in. “I’ll explain him and then he’ll explain Ephraim.”
Ephraim watched carefully. His mind calculated every possibility while he kept track of the conversation. He knew Madison was going to throw her body over the others if she got the chance. He also knew that if she did that, that she’d lose the baby. 
He should have reminded her that her body would reject the baby to heal itself, but there hadn’t been enough time. There were no words to describe the agonizing pain from you experienced when you shot and he didn’t want her to find out first hand. If she were shot, her body would rush to fix itself and end up killing their son. He made a rule right then and there to always tell her everything from now on and make damn sure that she listened.
“I’ll give you the quick version so we can get right to the juicy stuff,” Caroline said with a satisfied sigh and a grin. “Chris has a big secret that he doesn’t want to share.”
Out of the corner of her eye, Madison watched as Candy slowly moved away from Chris.
“Chris is what we call a Sentinel. I’ll explain Chris, but I don’t want interruptions since I want him to explain Ephraim,” she said, pausing to clear her throat before she continued. “Thousands of years ago, Lucifer found a way to place a demon in disguise among humans.” She raised her hand when Jill’s mouth opened. “I said no interruptions.” 
Jill shut her mouth and reluctantly nodded. 
Thankfully, Caroline’s minions looked interested in this tale as well. The men moved closer to their Master, afraid they’d miss part of the story.
“Now, this is just the story. I obviously wasn’t there when all of this went down. I’m just a result. God found out and was pissed. He decided to send, I guess you would call them half angels, warriors in his place to earth since he wasn’t allowed to interfere. They could add, but they couldn’t do anything that would directly influence mankind.”
“Once Lucifer released his demons he knew that he would never be allowed to release anymore. Rules as I said,” she said, waving a hand dismissively. “As I said it’s all very complicated. So, he made sure his demon could multiply on his own through a blood exchange.”
“Now, God had to play by these rules as well. I know, doesn’t seem fair does it?” she asked with a wicked smile that showed her fangs. “Instead of depositing all of his half-angels at once, he set it up so that ten of these half-angels would come to earth every ten years.”
“Five pairs of mates made up the ten Sentinels that he released every ten years. They’re born as a twin to a human mother since they require a human soul to bring them to earth. I believe Chris’s twin died in the womb,” she said, looking at Chris for confirmation. 
He nodded. 
“Chris is an unmated Sentinel. You see, he has never met his mate and probably never will,” she said as she threw Chris a taunting smile. “Mostly because I plan on hunting her down and tearing her throat out for fun.”
Chris’s scream was feral as he tried to go after, but Grandma, Madison and Jill tried to hold him down. It took Joshua’s small hand in his to finally calm him down as Caroline continued as though nothing happened.
“Now, normally a Sentinel will live to be around two hundred years old and look about twenty-five for the rest of their lives. Then they’ll die and are sent back. Rumor has it that they’re born again along with their mates since they share a soul. I guess you could call them soul mates. Now unfortunately for Chris, he is never going to meet his mate in this lifetime.”
She clapped her hands together excitedly. “Now, I believe Chris has something to tell us!”
From above them, Ephraim’s voice echoed throughout the room. “Oh, I believe I’m more qualified to tell that story, wouldn’t you agree?” 

Chapter 32
Madison was surprised to see Ephraim lying across the ceiling with his hands folded behind his head and his ankles crossed. The perfect picture of leisure, if one did that sort of thing on the ceiling that is. She’d have to remember to ask him to show her how to do that later.
She dropped her gaze to take in everyone else’s response. Caroline looked excited while her men looked nervous and it was in that moment that. Candy realized that no one was watching them. Licking her lips, she moved away from them and headed towards the back hallway. Madison didn’t say anything. If Candy managed to get away, good for her, otherwise drawing attention to her right now would only set off guns in their direction. If Candy was going to get herself shot, Madison would rather she did it away from the kids.
No one else seemed to notice that Candy was no longer part of their group. Caroline kept her eyes on Ephraim, probably expecting her men to watch them.
Ephraim watched Candy make a run for it out of the corner of his eye. She didn’t even look over her shoulder to give her kids one last look never mind try to get them out of there. If Chris hadn’t been injured, he could have counted on him to take the younger children to the training room where they would be safe and out of the way so that he could put an end to this mess.
Sighing, he shifted his gaze back to the group to find Chris looked relieved to see him. Eleanor looked relieved as well even as she tightened her grip around Chris and reached out to take Joshua’s hand in hers. Joshua beamed up at him. He winked at the little boy before he shifted his attention to Jill, who just looked surprised to see him, but she also looked relieved. 
Candy was just making it past the stairs when Caroline said, “Kill her.”
Eleanor and the kids ducked as Madison and Chris tried to cover them.
 “Get back here before they kill you!” Eleanor snapped.
 “No, I’m not dying for anyone! I’m not going to die!” Candy screamed as she turned to run, but it was too late.
One of the men chased after her as Madison was forced to sit there, watching her mother run away to save her own ass and knew that there was nothing that she could do. She had to stay and protect the children and she knew that if she tried to her that Ephraim would stop her. 
Ephraim watched Candy run towards the back hallway and knew that Caroline would kill everyone if he tried to help her. If it had been anyone else he would have risked it, but Candy wasn’t worth it. 
A moment later they heard the gunshots. The guard walked back into the foyer and nodded. 
“Next time I’ll personally rip your throats out if you fuck up again,” Caroline said as the guards backed up and refocused their attention on the group.
“Why don’t you come down here, Ephraim, and tell your story? Or we could just shoot the little boy. Both would be entertaining.”
Never taking his eyes off Caroline, he dropped down from the ceiling and quietly landed on his feet as Caroline smiled with a satisfied sigh. “Oh, how I look forward to being able to do that.”
“I bet,” Ephraim said smoothly as he stepped in front of the group, blocking Caroline and the two men flanking her. 
“You three cover their backs. I don’t trust him,” she said to the other three guards. 
“I want you to take off your vest and remove your weapons, slowly. Then turn around or I tell them to start shooting,” Caroline said as her eyes followed Ephraim’s every move.
Ephraim slowly removed the vest, knowing how much Caroline appreciated a man’s chest. While he had her distracted, he pressed his left leg against Chris’s side, knowing the back of his lower legs and Chris’s hands would be blocked. A few seconds later he felt his pant leg pushed up from the back and his gun removed. He’d left both guns unstrapped for a reason. A few seconds later, the second gun was gone. He heard Joshua and Jill’s small gasp of surprise and so did Caroline.
“What is it? Turn around now!”
He turned around, giving Caroline a view of his back and saw Chris tuck the guns in the waist of his pants. He nodded, once. Ephraim winked at the kids as he carelessly tossed his bulletproof vest on Joshua. Eleanor released the boy’s hand and with Jill’s help, they managed to shove Joshua in the large vest.
“Master, they’re putting the vest on the boy,” one of the men pointed out. Ephraim’s fangs lowered growled viciously in warning, making the man take an unsteady step back.
Caroline laughed it off. “If he wants to give the boy false hopes let him.” 
Ephraim heard Caroline move closer and a few seconds later, she removed the gun from the back of his pants and tossed away. It hit the wall before it fell to the floor on the other side of the room. He tensed when he felt her fingernail trace lines down his back. 
“Hmm, I see you’ve turned into quite the passionate lover, Ephraim, if these scratches are any indication. That’s good to know,” she murmured as she traced the faint scratches that one of her guards had left on his back as he’d fought for his life, but he was fine with letting her think that Madison had done it if it would piss her off.
“You’ll never know,” he said in a bored tone.
“His eyes,” Eleanor whispered.
He looked back down and found her staring at him. “It’s okay. I promise.” 
 “Cool!” Joshua said, looking hopeful as Ephraim tried not to think of what would happen if he fucked up.
Caroline’s hand snaked around him, still careful not to let her skin touch him, and removed the second gun. She threw it across the room. “We’re all waiting for an explanation, Ephraim,” she said as she backed away, putting some space between them.
 Apparently she wasn’t completely stupid after all, which was a bit of a surprise. Ephraim walked around the room, careful not to go near the armed men since he didn’t want to make them anymore nervous than they already were. He also decided to buy some time by doing what she wanted, for now. 
“What you need to know is that I would never hurt any of you. I was born in London, England during the winter of 1803.” He paused to give them time to adjust to this knowledge. “My father was a vampire and my mother was human. I don’t know the details of their relationship and I don’t think anyone did since she was married to a Duke at the time.”
“When I was sixteen I went into a coma and a month later I woke up like this. I will never die, but I can be hurt. I need to drink blood and I have killed in the past, but only when I needed to.”
“I was planning on telling you all of this soon. As you know, Chris is a Sentinel and we both work for a special Council. Our job is to kill violent vampires, demons and shifters. This is our area to protect, which is going to be a little more difficult with the baby on the way.”
“Is the baby like you?” Eleanor asked.
He nodded. “The baby is like me. The Council wants the baby safe and under the protection of Sentinels with the hope that one day he will join their ranks.” He paused to gesture towards Caroline. “Masters like Caroline want the baby for themselves to make as many vampires as possible since my blood will make them stronger. She hopes to get her hands on the baby and use him.”
“You’re forgetting something, Ephraim. If you don’t turn me, I’ll kill your family,” Eleanor cut in, reminding him that they still had a game to play.
“Ephraim, why can’t you just kill them before they hurt us?” Jill asked, trying to sound brave.
“Because if he makes a move against me, they’ll shoot you and he can’t save all of you and he knows it,” Caroline said smugly.
Jill bit her lip and nodded. Chris held his gaze for a moment and nodded as he slowly turned until he was propped up in Eleanor’s lap while his legs spread out in front of Joshua and Madison. If they were going to do something, it had to be now. Chris was losing too much blood and was close to passing out. 
Ephraim turned around and punched a hole in the wall, making everyone jump at the unexpected move. Chris took advantage of the distraction and finished positioning himself.
“Fucking hell!” He pulled his hand out of the wall and headed for Caroline. “I’m sick of these fucking games, Caroline. This is bullshit. If I had known you were going to stalk me for eternity I would have just given you my blood a century ago.”
“You’ll do it now?” she asked cautiously.
He looked like he was thinking it over as he looked back at the small group. With a tired sigh, he nodded. “Let’s just get this the fuck over with. Are you going to want me to turn them into leeches or are you going to do it?”
“Wait what does he mean by leeches? You promised we would be like him!” one of the men said.
“Of course you will,” she purred even as she threw Ephraim a warning glare.
 If he told them her plans she would kill them now. 
Ephraim nodded.
“Let’s get this over with.”
“Fine, but I know that your blood will kill me if I drink it straight, so what do I have to do so that this little exchange doesn’t kill me?”
“I have to feed from you first. It will mix with my blood and then you can safely drink from me,” he lied. 
They had to feed at the same time, but it wouldn’t work even if they did it since he’d already turned Madison. Since he could drink vampire blood, hers wouldn’t do anything to him. He preferred human blood since vampire blood left a bad taste in his mouth. 
“If this doesn’t work kill them all,” she told her men as she moved to wrap her arms around him.
“Turn around,” Ephraim said.
“No, I want you to feed from me while I’m in your arms.”
“No,” he said, and before she could argue, he turned her and around and sank his fangs inside her, ignoring her pained gasp. He drained her as fast as he could as he sent a pointed look at Chris, who slowly nodded. The more blood she lost the quicker her death would be when she took his. 
 “Enough!” she said after a few minutes as she tried to push him away, but he ignored her.
After a few more minutes when he knew her body was all but drained and his stomach was uncomfortably full, he pulled back and offered his wrist. “After this I never want to see you again,” he said, knowing that he had to sound convincing to get her to take the bait.
She nodded even as she pulled his wrist to her mouth and sank her fangs in, too desperate to think this through. She swallowed his blood as fast as she could, but it wasn’t fast enough and some of the blood spilled down her chin.
After a minute he pulled his arm away. “That’s enough.”
 “Thank you, Ephraim,” she said with a coy smile and a wink.
“Let’s get this over with,” he said, nodding towards the men. 
“By all means,” she said with a smile, uncaring what he did with her men now that she’d finally got what she wanted.
The men looked at him nervously, but no one moved. Ephraim started with the one at the far left, the one covering Eleanor and Chris. He needed to be taken out first. Ephraim had to move quickly if they were going to manage to pull this off without his family getting hurt. 
“Put your gun away. I’m not risking you accidentally shooting my children while we do this,” Ephraim snapped as he got in the face of one of her men.
Licking his lips nervously, man nodded jerkily and put the gun away while the other men watched anxiously. Ephraim moved closer and wrapped his hand around the back the man’s neck as he asked, “Are you ready?” 
He nodded, but hadn’t been talking to him. 
Madison watched as Chris pulled out two guns out his pants. With his left elbow, he shoved Eleanor down, sending her flying backwards the same time he kicked out with his other leg, knocking Joshua and Jill out of the way. Once they were out of the way, Chris took aim while Madison moved to shield the kids with her body.
“Now!” Ephraim yelled right around the time that Caroline started screaming. Madison looked up in time to see Caroline collapse while her body convulsed violently and white smoke rose from her skin, sending her men panicking.
By the time Chris fired the first shot, Ephraim had snapped the first man’s neck. He lunged at the next man before the first one hit the floor. A bullet hit him in the side of his leg, but he barely noticed it. 
“Don’t stop no matter what!” he yelled at Chris as another bullet tore through his right bicep, but he didn’t let the pain slow him down.
Madison looked over at Chris as he fired the guns. His left hand wasn’t as fast as the right one, but he seemed in control. She heard more shots fired behind her and knew that they had to take the rest of the men out before one of them managed to shoot her family. 
Ephraim moved towards the last man, who was screaming as he kept firing his gun, not really aiming his gun as Chris managed to shoot him again and again, but he wouldn’t go down and he wouldn’t stop firing. Chris grunted when another bullet found its mark just as Ephraim reached for him. He took out the last man with a quick snap of his neck. 
“Chris!” Madison screamed.
“Oh fuck,” Chris whispered weakly as he was another bullet found its mark.
Madison quickly realized that he’d taken a hit in his shoulder as well as his stomach. The gun in his left hand dropped to the ground, but he kept the right one pointed at the slumped bodies on the floor even as his hand shook. He was going to pass out soon and he was fighting it. She could see from his expression that he wasn’t quite there anymore.
“Chris!” Joshua screamed.
Madison turned to find Caroline sitting on the ground as smoke continued to surround her. Madison watched in horror and Caroline raised her gun and aimed it towards them.
Chris slowly swung his hand around. He muttered a curse and flung himself in front of the kids, taking her down to the floor in the process and out of the line of fire. Several things seemed to happen at once. 
Ephraim’s roar tore through the room only to be drowned out by the sounds continuous gunshots being fired as Chris’s body went limp and then jumped in time with each shot. The front door was blown off its hinges as Ephraim jumped over them, taking a bullet in the leg before it could hit its intended mark. Caroline screamed as she turned to face the newcomers. 
Eric walked with a crossbow aimed at Caroline. He pulled the trigger, sending the arrow flying through the air and hit her in the heart, slamming her backwards, but not before she managed to pull the trigger one last time. Ephraim dove over her falling body, taking the bullet in the chest that was meant for Eric.
“Fuck,” Eric muttered unsteadily as he took in the scene. Men and women stormed the house as Eric helped Ephraim back to his feet.
“It’s Chris,” Ephraim said as he stumbled back to find Eleanor fussing over Chris’s body and dropped by his side.
 “I need a medic!” Eric yelled as he joined them.
Another man dropped next to Chris and opened a backpack and began securing the wounds. “Two in the shoulder, one in the back, one in the stomach, one in the leg, and the last one on the side of his neck.
Madison reached up and took Ephraim’s hand in hers. He gave it a reassuring squeeze and sighed with relief when he didn’t smell her blood. Chris had saved their baby.
Ephraim watched helplessly as the boy who’d become his son lay dying on the floor. There was nothing he could do to save him. “Joshua’s been shot!” Jill’s voice broke through his anguish.
He reached out and yanked Joshua, pale and trembling, into his arms and nearly lost it when he realized that he was covered in blood. He was covered in blood, but from the smell of it, it was Chris’ blood, but he couldn’t be sure.
“Where?” he asked, trying not scare the little boy.
“My tummy hurts. Is Chris going to be okay?” he asked, trying to bite back a sob.
“I hope so,” Ephraim said as he yanked the vest off the little boy and sighed with relief. Joshua had a hell of a purple bruise on his stomach, but that was it. The vest had saved his life after all. 
“Looks like the vest saved him,” Eric said as he poked his finger in the vest where the bullet hit. “He needs to go to the hospital as well.”
“Chopper’s here.”
“That was quick,” Madison said as she struggled not to cry.
“When two Sentinels are in danger we don’t play around. I’m just sorry it took so long to get here. We had a false alarm in Boston. We were halfway there when your calls for help came through. We double-checked the situation in Boston and found out that it was bogus.”
“A trick to divert you,” Eleanor guessed.
“Yes, ma’am.  I do apologize,” Eric said.
 She waved it off. “Just get my grandsons to the hospital and you’re forgiven.”
“He’s packed. Let’s move him out,” the medic said.
Several men moved in, but Ephraim blocked them. “I’ve got him,” he said as he scooped his son up, ignoring the pain radiating up his body, thankful that he’d overfed, as he shot the men still reaching for his Chris a glare.
 “He’s my son,” he bit out, flashing his fangs in warning.
After a slight hesitation, they nodded and moved back as he carried Chris in to the helicopter waiting for them. Eric ran behind him, carrying Joshua.
Ephraim held Joshua in his arms while they strapped Chris to a board and started an IV. “He needs blood!” the medic yelled.
Eric held out his arm. “Take it! It’s our blood he needs anyway!” The medic nodded his agreement as he set to work. Ephraim and Joshua watched as the medic attached an IV to Eric and Chris.
“Ephraim!” Madison yelled and he was relieved to find her in one piece. “We’ll meet you there!”
He nodded. 
“I love you!” she yelled.
“I love you, too. Be careful.”
“I will,” she said as she turned to leave.
“Oh, Madison?”
“Yes?” she said, turning right back around.
“When this is all over and Chris is better, be prepared to have the spanking of a lifetime for not listening to me and scaring the hell out of me!”
Her mouth dropped open to argue, but she only nodded. It was the smartest thing she’d done all day, except for agreeing to marry him of course. He watched her as the helicopter rose.
She went back towards the house where a dozen Sentinels and their teams were running around, trying to clean up the mess before the humans got wind of it. He knew his family would be safe. He shifted his attention back to Chris and was thankful to see that some of his color was coming back.
“It’s the blood. It will help heal him quickly. My blood is stopping the bleeding, see?” Eric pointed to a white bandage on Chris’ neck. The bleeding was slowing down and he just prayed that it was enough. 
He couldn’t lose Chris. 
A loud, steady beep went off from one of the machines they had Chris hooked up to.
 “Shit, he’s coding!”
Ephraim heard Chris’s heartbeat sputter to a stop. “No! Chris, no!”
“Clear!” the medic ordered before he shocked Chris. 
His heart flat lined.

Epilogue
“Dad?” Ephraim looked up from his infant son as Joshua strolled into the nursery and sat down in the other rocking chair.
“What’s up, little man?” he asked, gently rocking the baby in his arms.
“Nothing, I just miss Chris,” he said with a shrug as he looked around the baby’s room and frowned. “Whose idea was it again to go with a teddy bear theme?”
Ephraim chuckled. “Your mother’s.”
“Figures. Mom’s always been partial to teddy bears. She used to buy me clothes with teddy bears all over them.”
“I’m sure you looked cute.”
“I did,” he agreed, giving Ephraim a grin that would one day make the girls melt at his feet. Ephraim knew that day was coming soon. At eleven, the kid was already too damn good looking and charming for his own good.
Jill walked into the room. “Madison is asking for you, Dad.”
 He nodded.
 It was funny how quickly Jill and Joshua came to think of him as their father. Joshua quickly accepted Madison as his mother. Jill hadn’t. She was too old for that change and saw Madison as a sister and her best friend, but she still allowed Madison to adopt her. She’d said it just felt right.
“Do you mind taking little Marc Christopher for me?” he asked as he stood up and carefully handed his son over to Jill.
“Of course.” She smiled down at the baby in her arms. “Hey, baby brother, you are so cute.”
“Of course, he is. After all he’s named after me,” Chris said as he strolled into the nursery. He messed up Joshua’s hair on his way to his youngest brother. 
“Hey, little man. Did you miss me while I was out on patrol?” Marc gurgled and grinned hugely when he saw Chris. “That’s what I thought,” he said as he kissed the Marc’s forehead.
“Well?” Ephraim asked, tossing the small baby blanket aside.
“Nothing to report. Quiet as a church on Sunday. How did your patrol go?” Chris asked as he rubbed the ugly pale scar on his neck. 
“Fine. Are you still sore?”
“Yeah. The muscles are tight.” Chris winced.
“You know I’ve been waiting for you all night,” Joshua complained.
Chris’s lips tugged up into a smile. “I can see that.”
“Let’s go, I only have a half hour before I have to go to bed.”
Ephraim cleared his throat. “More like you were supposed to be in bed an hour ago. It’s ten.”
“Aw, Dad!”
“Go.”
“Damn it,” Joshua muttered. 
Chris hit him upside the head, gently. “Watch it, punk.”
“You’re the punk,” Joshua said with a fond smile.
Chris walked with Ephraim across the hall to his new room. Madison had insisted that before Marc was born that they had to move their room closer to the rest of the family. He’d agreed, but only after she twisted his arm, literally.
“So, Dad, I was thinking.”
“Yes?” he asked cautiously. It was always a good idea to be cautious when it came to his seventeen-year-old son’s line of “thinking”. He swore that if Chris asked for a third tattoo again that he was going hang him by his ankles in the foyer and leave him there.
“I was thinking that instead of taking my own Sentinel home next year that I might hang around here for a while and make sure everything’s okay.”
Ephraim hadn’t expected that.
“Chris, I would love for you to stay, but I don’t want to hold you back.”
“You’re not holding me back, Dad. You know as soon as I leave that they’ll set up another Sentinel home close by to protect Marc.”
Ephraim sighed. “I know. We thought of moving to start over somewhere else, but this is our home. Madison and your Grandmother want the kids to finish growing up in one place. No more moving around for a while.”
Chris smiled easily. “I’m not complaining, Dad. I don’t want to move out just yet. I would like a few more years with my family before I have to go out on my own.”
Ephraim cupped the back of Chris’ neck. “Are you sure? You know that I will never stand in your way.”
“I’m sure, Dad.”
“Okay,” he said as he pulled Chris into a bear hug. “Get some sleep, we have a vamp nest in Concord to help clean out tomorrow.”
“Night, Dad,” Chris said as he headed back to the nursery where he would most likely spend the rest of the night. The kid was a natural when it came to kids. Ephraim hoped he wouldn’t have too long of a wait before he found his mate.
He turned to head into his room only to pause when he spotted the pictures that covered the hallway walls. A sad smile tugged at his lips as he looked at the enlarged photo of him with his two brothers when they were children. His eyes shifted to the next photo of him standing with Marc and his family. Marc looked so happy with one arm hung around his shoulders and his other arm cradling his youngest child.
Ephraim chuckled, wondering what Marc would have thought about the hectic day Madison had given birth. Marc would have probably been jealous as hell that Ephraim was the one that delivered his son into the world. Not that he had much of a choice since Madison had gone into labor downstairs while she’d been watching Chris struggle to re-learn how to walk.
It had been the best day of his life, seeing his son take his first steps again after seven months of surgeries and grueling physical therapy. The doctors hadn’t held out much hope that Chris would ever walk again. Hell, more than half of them hadn’t thought he’d make it through that first night, but in the end Chris had proved them all wrong. He’d forced himself to walk up the basement stairs so that he could get Madison help, saving his little brother’s life.
He reached up and traced a finger over Madison’s smiling lips in their wedding photo. She looked so happy in his arms. He just hoped he could keep her that way forever.
With a smile, he walked into their room and closed the door. He wasn’t too surprised to find Madison on the large bed, waiting for him.
Ephraim pulled his shirt off and crawled across the bed towards the beautiful woman in his bed. “Is this what you called me for, my beautiful wife?” he asked as he gently pulled the sheet covering her body away, exposing bare skin. He licked his lips as the move revealed her beautiful breasts. 
“Perhaps,” she said as he crawled over her.
“Perhaps?”
She laughed. “Well no, I wanted to tell you that Father James told me that another Priest will be joining the household tomorrow. He’ll be taking over my old room.”
“Ah, I see. Then you don’t want any of my wares tonight?” he asked, wagging his eyebrows.
“I didn’t say that,” she said as her fingers found his fly and gently pulled his zipper down and reached inside and freed his cock. 
Ephraim’s hips pushed forward, knocking her hands out of the way as he entered her in one smooth thrust. Madison’s fangs dropped. “You are far too good at that, Ephraim.”
“And you feel too damn good, darling,” he growled.
“Yeah?” she groaned.
His head dropped back in pleasure as he moved inside of her. “Oh yeah, you feel wonderful.”
“You’re sure you’re not going to get bored of me in say, a hundred years?”
The muscles in his neck strained as he growled, “Hell no.”
She moved beneath him, meeting his every thrust. “How about a thousand years?”
“No.” 
“How about a million years?”
Ephraim lowered his weight on top of her and gently brushed her lips with his as he moved with lazy thrusts in the way that he knew she liked. She licked her lips, moaning beneath him. 
“I will never grow tired of you. Not in a million, zillion, quadrillion years.”
“Why?” 
His expression softened. “Because I absolutely love and adore you, Madison.”
“I love you too, Ephraim. So much,” she whispered as she took her mouth in a searing kiss.
She pulled back after a few minutes. Smiling as she asked, “What about a zillion, billion, million, quadrillion-”
He sighed in exasperation as he wrapped his arms around her “I see I’m not doing this right if you’re still able to talk.” 
“What-ah!” she gasped when he pulled her off the bed and headed for the ceiling where he rolled over so that she was lying on top of him. Her back touched the ceiling as he took her hands into his and pinned them against the ceiling above their heads. 
“Now let’s see if we can’t find something more interesting to do than talk, shall we?” 
A sneak peek at the first Sentinel Novel:
Without Regret
Chapter 1
Present Day
Seattle, Washington
“Okay, this probably wasn’t such a good idea,” Isabella murmured softly to herself as she gripped the worn shoulder straps of her favorite backpack, tightly.
She stumbled and quickly righted herself. She straightened her baseball cap as she quickened her pace. Okay, so she admitted she probably had no business being in this area at three in the morning by herself. She was too short, had two large melons that somehow passed for breasts that constantly threw her off balance, and had the fighting skills of a day old baby. Why she ever thought agreeing to this meeting was a good idea she really didn’t know.
Well, maybe the prospective buyer of her program had something to do with it. Normally her potential buyers met her at restaurants, downtown offices and a few times she was flown to Europe. What she wouldn’t give to meet a client in a stuffy office during the day for this sale. Of course that couldn’t happen with this particular program, it being extremely illegal and all.
Not that she was in the business of creating illegal programs or anything. This one time had been a complete mistake. Okay, illegal might be a poor choice of words, but she was pretty sure that was the point the FBI Agent was getting to the other night. She hadn’t been happy finding her small apartment ransacked. It was more insulting that anything. Did they really think she kept her work in her apartment? 
That would be pretty stupid considering how many Fortune 500 companies were after her work. A few of them didn’t take being outbid well. Just over this past year her apartment had been broken into thirty-seven times. The only thing they found was a small collection of CD’s she may have set up to look like her programs. What they got if they stole them, and they did each and every time, was a dummy program full of virussy goodness. They could scan those discs until the cows came home and they’d never detect their true nature until after the damage was done.
It took her program twenty-two point six seconds to infect a large network. The sweet part of her viruses was that she was the only one in the world that could put a stop to them and recover all the work. Well, recover might be an overstatement since what her program really did was create the illusion of destruction. All she required was an apology and a check to cover the damage to her apartment and time before she fixed it.
A large figure suddenly stepped in front of her, scaring the living hell out of her. Isabella screeched and stumbled backwards, falling flat on her ass. She pushed her tan baseball cap up carefully so she could see the imposing figure. The heavy B.O. followed shortly after, making her gag.
“Have you seen my kitty?” the gruff voice demanded.
Isabella shook her head.
“He’s around here somewhere. He ran out of the house when I was going out to milk the cows. Now I’ve got to look for him and the cows are gonna have to wait to be milked. They’re gonna be mighty angry with their tits sore from the milk.”
“Oh, ah...I hate when that happens,” Isabella said, not really knowing how she should respond. She didn’t speak crazy, but if he let her live she’d be willing to learn.
He nodded firmly as he sighed heavily. “I guess I should go check the barn,” he said, heading back into the alley between two brick buildings.
Isabella jumped to her feet, fixed her hat, and moved her ass. The last thing she needed was for him to come back and mistake her for a cow that needed milking. She made her way to the small park and found the bench for the meeting place five minutes later. She sat down and hugged her backpack to her chest, trying to catch her breath.
In no way was being in a rundown park at three in the morning a smart idea just because she was desperate to get rid of her program. It wasn’t over money, she was far from poor, but she couldn’t stomach destroying one of her babies or allowing the government to take it from her. It was pride. Stupid pride that was going to get her a slot on the ten o’clock news tomorrow night when they found her nude body in some embarrassing position tomorrow, well, really today.
“This is stupid,” she decided to say out loud just to add emphasis to something she already knew. She couldn’t let her program go to someone who needed to meet in places like this. What in the hell was she thinking? In the wrong hands her program could do so much damage. 
This really was not one of her finer moments, she decided. 
Groaning, she got to her feet. Well, she’d have to chop this up to a life lesson and figure something else out. She started towards the street, hoping she’d spot a taxi that could take her safely back home. She was not looking forward to the return walk. She idly wondered if her farmer buddy had any luck with his kitty when several figures stepped out of the darkness in front of her.
“Miss Smith, you weren’t leaving, were you?” a tall thin man with a slight accent she couldn’t quite place asked in an amused tone.
“Ah, no?” She forced her eyes to focus on anything other than the scar running down his face and the one across his throat. Something told her the man wouldn’t appreciate staring.
“That’s very good,” the man said, gesturing to one of the other men to take her bag from her. She resisted the urge to fight him, reminding herself that she really sucked at fighting. Seriously, it was sad. Her only move was a cross between a windmill motion and bitch slapping, which usually missed its mark and sent her stumbling.
The man took the bag and opened it. He tossed her candy bars to the ground and she almost bitch slapped him then and there. What kind of sick bastard came between a woman and her chocolate? Her copy of Lord of the Rings soon followed along with her iPod, bottle of water, and cell phone. When he pulled out her Netbook she nearly winced at the thought of that getting tossed into the pile. It wasn’t her main computer. It was just a cheap little computer that she used when she was out and wanted to play around with some code. Still, she loved it. It was small, cute, and had a picture of a baby groundhog standing on its hind legs eating a carrot set as her wallpaper. It was really cute.
He handed the computer off to one of his men. A moment later he pulled out three CD cases. “I presume this is what I’m after?”  
Nope, but Isabella nodded slowly. She forced herself to remain cool. If they were going to kill her than at least she could die knowing they just screwed themselves over with no way to repair it. Ever.
“That’s it. Where’s my money?” she asked, trying to sound sufficiently afraid, no problem there.
The man smiled a truly ugly smile. Were those canines long and pointy? She gave herself a mental shake. Her mind was obviously messing with her in its panicked stricken state.
“Oh, I have something much better for you. You see your skills...well, they’re very useful to my employer. He’d like to offer you a permanent place in our company,” he said the last word as if it amused him.
The other two men snickered. 
Oh, that couldn’t be good......
“Um, thanks, but no thanks,” she said, backing up.
One of the men grabbed her and hauled her back against his chest. One arm went across her chest, keeping her arms pinned to her sides while his other hand gripped her chin and tilted her head back and to the side.
“Seriously, I don’t make a good employee....I’m always late, I take long breaks, I suck at office politics, my desk is always messy, I get cranky if I don’t have  a constant flow of caffeine, I’ve even been fired from volunteering, twice. I mean seriously that should tell you something. Who gets fired from volunteering? If you just let me go I’m sure we can work something out on a contractual basis,” she rambled on nervously.
“Shhh, you’re annoying me. Now shut up and let me do this. When you wake up everything will be fine,” he said as he leaned in.
Isabella’s eyes widened to the point that she was actually afraid her eyes might pop out of her head. Either she was in a fear induced hallucination or those two teeth were fangs. She didn’t have much time to contemplate her situation before those very long and very sharp teeth were in her neck.
She screamed as sharp pain tore through her. Isabella tried to breakaway only to find herself in a death grip. She immediately stopped fighting when the grip became more painful than the bite and stood there whimpering as the man drank her blood. There was no doubt in her mind that’s what he was doing. 
He was making slurping sounds!
The man suddenly stumbled back from her. She felt two small drops of hot liquid run down her skin beneath her shirt. Ew! The man clutched his stomach, gasping.
“What’s wrong?” the man holding her asked.
He sucked in a hard breath and managed to say, “Sentinel.”
“Oh shit!” The man holding her shoved her away into the other man who shoved her right back. Great, they were playing keep away. Nice. Between that and blood loss she was seriously ready to puke.
“Kill her!” the man on the ground roared.
The two men stopped shoving her and pulled out guns. Isabella squeaked as she covered her head and dropped onto the ground in the fetal position. From her position she watched in horror as the man who’d been drinking from her started to smoke. Seconds later he was on fire. 
“Sentinels!” one of the men yelled.
“You bitch! You tricked us!” the other man yelled. 
Isabella squeezed her eyes tightly shut as the sounds of flesh hitting flesh, gunshots, and blood curdling screams tore through the night. Something heavy landed on her legs, earning another frightened scream from her. A few seconds later it rolled off.
“Grab her!” a new voice said.
She gasped as she was hauled to her feet. A man with spiky blonde hair pressed a cross to her forehead. A freakin’ cross! He pulled her collar down and ran a finger over her bite marks.
“Hmmm,” the man said. Intense blue eyes met hers. She squirmed under the rather unnerving observation. He was looking at her like he could see her, really see her. Without a word, and much to her embarrassment, he yanked up her tee shirt and pointed a flashlight at her navel.
“Hey!” she said as she tried to shove her shirt back down.
He ignored her as he ran a finger over the birthmark below her belly button. “You’re unmated,” he said.
Okay.......This night was just getting weirder and weirder. What next? Would he check the bottom of her foot to see if she was a chocoholic?
She finally managed to shove her shirt down and took several steps back and nearly tripped over her bag. Keeping her eyes on the four new people, two men and two women dressed in black fatigues, she bent down and quickly reloaded her bag with shaky hands. They made no move to stop her, but just watched her as if they were waiting patiently for her to finish.
When she was done she stepped back, too afraid to take her eyes off them. She didn’t feel like being anyone else’s late night snack again and she had no idea if these people were like whatever the hell those three guys were. 
“Well, um, thanks. I’ll just be going now,” she said, taking several more steps back.
The man who helped himself to her navel took a careful step forward. “We need to talk to you,” he said slowly as if he was afraid of frightening her off.
She cleared her throat nervously, taking another step back. “Sure. Yeah, that sounds like great fun, but right now I have somewhere to be.”
“I’m afraid that I must insist that you stay,” he said more firmly the same moment his three friends broke off and started moving towards her.
“Okay, I guess I could-,” she suddenly pointed behind them, “Look! Behind you!”
The four of them shared a bored look before looking back at her. She smiled sheepishly. 
The leader of the group folded his arms over his chest and tilted his head to the side to study her. “You really didn’t think that would work, did you?”
She made a pinching motion with her thumb and index finger. “Maybe just a little?” It had worked on Angela Briggs in the fourth grade when the much larger girl cornered her against the building and demanded her lunch money and her shoes. 
He sighed wearily as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Grab her.”

Other titles by R.L. Mathewson:
The Anger Management Series:
Devastated
The Pyte/Sentinel Series:
Tall, Dark & Lonely
Without Regret
Tall, Dark & Heartless
Tall, Silent & Lethal
Fated
Tall, Dark & Furious
The Hollywood Hearts Series:
A Humble Heart
A Reclusive Heart
The Neighbor from Hell Series:
Playing for Keeps
Perfection
Checkmate
Truce: The Historic Neighbor from Hell
The Game Plan
Double Dare
Christmas from Hell
Fire & Brimstone
Delectable
The Promise
The EMS Series:
Sudden Response
The Cursed Hearts Series:
Black Heart
Misc. Titles
The 2014 R.L. Mathewson Chronicle Collection
The 2015 R.L. Mathewson Chronicle Collection
The 2016 R.L. Mathewson Chronicle Collection
The 2017/2018 R.L. Mathewson Chronicle Collection
Nonfiction Titles:
How to Write, Publish and All That Good Stuff…

Thank you for purchasing this book and for being there for us every step of the way.
For the latest news, giveaways, and information, please sign up for my newsletter or follow me online:
Newsletter
R.L. Mathewson Amazon Author Profile
Facebook
Bookbub
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads.com
Pinterest
R.L. Mathewson Website

About the Author
New York Times Bestselling author, R.L. Mathewson was born in Massachusetts. She’s known for her humor, quick wit and ability to write relatable characters. She currently has several paranormal and contemporary romance series published including the Neighbor from Hell series. 

Growing up, R.L. Mathewson was a painfully shy bookworm. After high school she attended college, worked as a bellhop, fast food cook, and a museum worker until she decided to take an EMT course. Working as an EMT helped her get over her shyness as well as left her with some fond memories and some rather disturbing ones that from time to time show up in one of her books. 
Today, R.L. Mathewson is the single mother of two children that keep her on her toes. She has a bit of a romance novel addiction as well as a major hot chocolate addiction and on a perfect day, she combines the two. 
If you’d like more information about this series or any other series by R.L. Mathewson, please visit www.Rlmathewson.com

Thank you,
R.L. Mathewson

