TANDOORI TEXAN 
TALES 


By 
Raj Doré 




© 2003 by Raj Doré. All rights reserved. 


No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a 
retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, 
mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without 
written permission from the author. 


ISBN: 1-4107-6999-2 (e-book) 
ISBN: 1-4107-6998-4 (Paperback) 


Library of Congress Control Number: 2003094864 


This book is printed on acid free paper. 


Printed in the United States of America 
Bloomington, IN 


1stBooks - rev. 10/24/03 



CONTENTS 

1. The Celebrity—A Novel ............................................... 1 


2. Coming To America....................................................93 


3. Sojourn.......................................................................109 


4. Potshots At Hotshots.................................................145 


5. Tryst With A Mystery Woman - A Fiction .............155 


6. Paradise Lost & Paradise Regained........................169 


iii 



 

THE CELEBRITY 



1 




 

CHAPTER 1 

It all started with American Airlines Flight 523 at the Dallas/Fort worth International Airport. Seema, my wife dropped me off at the Terminal A by the curbside at 3:30PM on that Sunday afternoon, and drove off before it was going to be Munni’s feed time. 

I was on my weekly jaunt to Raleigh, North Carolina. I had one leg here and one leg there. I was working on a project to provide Software Consultancy to Carolina Power & Utility Company, while my home was still in Dallas. 

I was called a Contract Consultant. Large corporations would often hire people like me to help them out with sudden surge of work. While they needed extra hands to get over such humps, they loathed hiring permanent employees. 

Permanent employees would need extra cost to part with, when it was time to bid them good bye. Stockholders would also be quite pleased that the total payroll was kept low. This was of course a fallacy. The cost came back to them by way of revolving door when the same personnel were called in as hourly contractors, like me. For me working as an independent contractor brought a higher income while I took the risk of not finding work between two contracts. 

I had to rent an apartment in Raleigh for the duration of this 6-month project that had now extended to over a year. I would fly home every Friday night and get back to the Project, on Sunday night. On some weekends Seema and Munni would fly down to Raleigh as well. They could not do that all the time due to Seema’s job in Dallas or her sheer unwillingness. 

The skycap politely informed me that curbside check-in for baggage was put on hold that evening due to a security alert. ‘Security Alert’, oh my God how many times have I had to put up with that phrase? Would life ever get back to its normalcy of 2 years ago? Those Al-Qaida guys had surely got the whole country topsy-turvy. 

As I kept mumbling to myself, I swished my Visa into the Cart-smart and pulled out a handcart. I loaded my luggage on to it and slowly started pushing it toward the escalator. As usual there was a long line of frustrated passengers trying to get through the Security Check. After standing in the rear for a few minutes I felt even more exasperated at the slowness of the movement in front of me. Only way I found some solace was by looking over my shoulders and 
TANDOORI TEXAN TALES - RAJ DORÉ 
seeing how long the line had grown behind me. Life itself is like that, is it not? If only you look at people more unfortunate than you are, you feel yourself not so unlucky after all. 

The whole process did finally come grindingly to an end. After checking the stuff in and going through the turnstiles, I found that I still had a good 45 minutes for the Flight. 

I was glad I had the membership to the American Airlines’ Admirals Club. This is a small little niche where you can rise above the dust and din of travelling crowds. You realize its importance if you are constantly living out of your suitcase and running along miles and miles of airport conveyor belts, for making a living. For a mere $350 per year you can buy an entry to this home between your homes. 

There are always those charming hostesses with smiling faces that politely first ask you to show your membership card. Having established your identity, they take you into their wings. There are spacious areas for relaxing, reading, watching TV or just do nothing. If you are a business traveler like me, you can even hook up your laptop and catch up with your reports due next morning. There are soft lights, music and a bar for someone needing uplifting of spirits, literally. 

At about 5 minutes before the Boarding time, I gathered my hand baggage and got through the gangway into the waiting aircraft. There was again a long line of people on the aisle trying to shove their hand luggage on to the bin overhead and squeezing their way into the  appropriate seats. Then there were those moms trying to manage a few unruly brats in one hand and some baggage on the other. 

My seat, as I had requested while making the booking, was fortunately on the aisle side of one of the front rows. I settled down quickly and strapped myself. 

Once the Flight Crew cleared the aisles after serving what passes off as evening snacks, I felt like stretching myself a little. Since the toilets on the rear were too far, I thought I would use the ones in the front. I passed through the First Class cabin. After refreshing myself, I languidly started walking back. Then what transpired changed rest of my life. 

The First Class was very sparsely occupied, just two or three people in all those 20 odd seats. I spotted one face that struck my solar plexus like a ton of bricks. She was wearing Salvar-kameez and had covered a good portion of her head with the Dupatta. She pretended to be engrossed in a book, quite oblivious of the surroundings. The setting sun shone through the window on her side. She was wearing very large sunglasses that covered almost one-third of her face. Very obviously, she valued her privacy very dearly and did not want to be recognized. Even then, it struck me that she seemed very familiar, as if I might have met her some where, some time. But I just could not place a label on that face. I kept walking and came back to my seat. 

The sun had set after a while. The lights had been dimmed. Only some soft lights at the aisle were kept on. Some passengers had turned on their reading lights. I stood up and walked toward the First Class cabin once again, wanting to take another look at this mysterious passenger. The reading light illuminated her face partially; it was still buried in the book. Only then slowly, it all came back to me. 

She was Archana Roy. Yes, oh my God! It was indeed she. I had watched her on the movie screen so many times. 

My first reaction was to want to walk up to her and ask if it was really she. If I had still been in my college days, I might have done it. I have done it with several celebrities while in the University. If nothing else, at least ask for an autograph and show proudly to my friends. My collection of autographs included stars from several walks of life, Cricketers, Statesmen, visiting celebrity Speakers at the 
College functions and yes, Movie Stars. 

But now things were so different, after having entered real workaday world. It seemed so silly for somebody to do that at my station in life. You are less inclined to take the risk of your pride being hurt. Besides, it was so obvious to me that she was quite insistent on not being recognized. I gave up that whole idea. 

I continued cranking on my laptop keyboard. This report was due at 10:00AM next morning. If I were not ready with it for the presentation at the Staff Meeting, Don Welsner, the Project Manager would chew me alive. Release of funds for the whole Project depended upon our convincing the Departmental Heads of our capabilities at meeting the goals. Getting involved in hobnobbing with movie stars wanting to remain anonymous was way down on my list of priorities. 

Usually I schedule these periodic trips home at least a month ahead of time. But my trip previous week had to be rescheduled for this week, at the last minute. Don had insisted that I stay back and get the Payroll System’s conversion fully tested before I left. It had been impossible for me to get a direct flight from Dallas to Raleigh. The best I could do was this flight, hopping via Little Rock, Arkansas and Atlanta, Georgia. 

The Little Rock Airport is a relatively small wayside airport with much fewer facilities. The stopover was for some 45 minutes. Some of us got down to walk around in the airport. I gathered my briefcase, shoulder bag and the laptop. Then I came out of the plane slowly walking down the gangway. 

As I was browsing at the gift shop, I looked through the corner of my eyes. She had also got down and was browsing at another corner of the shop. The lounge was inside the Secure Area and I wanted to remain within that. I did not find anything interesting at the shop. I settled down at a lounge chair and resumed working on the report. 

However I saw that she had wandered out of the secure area, possibly to look around other shops outside. 

Some ten minutes before boarding time, I once again put all of my stuff together to get back into the flight. As I passed along the boarding gate, I heard some altercation near the Security Check area. Curious as to what could it be, I looked around to find that the Security Guard was having some heated arguments with her. There was obviously some problem as she was trying to get back through the Security Check. 

I might have kept walking, minding my own business. As luck would have it, I came toward the scene of disturbance and volunteered to intervene. The Security people were keen that she be strip searched and thoroughly examined as they considered her a security risk. She on the other hand was quite insistent that she should not be put to any such humiliation. 

As it happens in most such instances, there were also probably plenty of communication gaps. She conversing in her convent educated British accent and they trying to convey their thoughts in heavy Southern flair. As there were plenty of people waiting behind her to get in, the scene of altercation was moved into another location while the rest of the passengers were allowed to keep moving. 

The other location happened to be the office of Sergeant Steve McKlusky, as it was announced on the brass plate outside its door. There was a glass panel that secluded the office from rest of the lounge, making it possible for outsiders to see but not hear, what was going on within. Sergeant McKlusky was the Chief Security Officer of the Airport. He was not in the chamber at that time. There were Officers Pete Williams and Maria Hernandez. The former was an African American while the latter, a Hispanic young lady. They were trying to interrogate her in all possible ways and she was being defiant.  I knocked on the door, slowly opened it and literally stuck my neck into that confrontation. I smiled and looked at Officer Williams and said “Officer, there seems to be some problem here. Could you use some help?” He readily smiled back and said, “Thanks very much for asking Sir. Yes, we sure can use some help. Please step in.” 

They explained to me that they were under a very high alert of Security threat that day and were totally unwilling to take any chances whatsoever. I wondered if they focussed their suspicion on her due to her attire and looks, but decided not to exacerbate the situation by kicking in more controversy. I spoke out, “Officers, I quite realize you are doing your duty and doing it very well. As a matter of fact, we as passengers feel so much more confident of travelling because of good Officers like you. She already went through one Security Check while boarding at Dallas, is it not? Please let me tell you further that, I am Dr. Rohit Sharma holding a Ph.D., in Computer Engineering from the Cockerell-Hill University of Dallas, Texas. I am a U.S. Citizen currently flying to Raleigh North Carolina on an assignment to provide software design to the Carolina Power & Light on their Nuclear Security System. Please allow me assure you that this young lady is no potential or real Terrorist. You could safely let her go.” 

Officer Maria Hernandez spoke first. “Thank you Sir. However, you have not established what is her relationship with you and how could you be so sure of her”.  

“Could both of you please step into the ante-room with me? I would like to show you something in private. Please close the door behind you”, I replied. 

I opened my briefcase and pulled out the latest edition of “News India Times”, a sister publication of “The Times of India”, coming out of New York City. I flipped to the 9th page. On the one side it had a large picture of Archana Roy being crowned Miss Universe from a couple of years ago. On the another side there was her picture receiving the Urvashi (The Most Outstanding Actress of the Year) Award from the President of India. There was a write up on her as well. 

I showed it to them and told them, “You guys are making a big mistake. I strongly suggest you drop the whole case and quietly back off. Otherwise there is going to be plenty of ugly publicity for everybody, especially you. If you wish, you may call Sergeant McKlusky at home and ask. If it would help, I am willing to call Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina and let his staff talk to you. I doubt whether that is the route you all wish to take.” 

There was a stunned silence for a couple of minutes. I closed the briefcase and walked out of the room, back into the lounge. I saw her coming out of the room as well. 

American Airlines Flight 523 had taken off in the meantime without us. There was another flight via Minneapolis reaching Raleigh at 2AM. Even that was full and I was going to be 15th on the waiting list, not a good chance, by any means. 

My first concern was my 10 O’clock meeting next morning 900 miles away. If I did not show up with that report, Don Wilsner would cut me into pieces and eat raw with his salad for lunch. I called him from the nearest telephone kiosk. Thank God, I was able to get through. 

His little daughter picked up the phone and told me that her dad was watching his Alma Mater, UNC playing Nebraska in the Final Six of NCAA Basketball. I asked her how UNC was faring so far. Not too good, she said. That means Don was going to be in a sullen mood. When he finally came on the line, I asked him if anyway the meeting could be postponed by 24 hours. After some grumbling and groaning, he said he would check with his boss and call me back. In another half an hour my cell phone rang. Yes that was going to be okay. 
















CHAPTER 2 

I did not want to take any more chances with flights. Only 
way I could be sure of reaching, even 24 hours later was to 
rent a car and drive all the way. I was at the Avis counter 
waiting anxiously for them to check out availability of some 
decent Wheels. 

I saw her walking toward me. She smiled. Extending her 
hand, she said, “Thank you so very much. You saved me 
from a very ugly embarrassment”. I asked her not to 
mention it at all. Then I asked her, what her further plans 
were? Whither was she heading next? 

She was stuck from reaching her destination as well. What 
was worse, she did not have even the wherewithal that I had 
grabbed out of the deserting aircraft. As it turned out, her 

13 




RAJ DORÉ 

wallet with money and credit cards were all left on board 
the flight that was 35,000 feet above mother Earth. All she 
had got down with, was her handbag with her passport, 
travel papers and some small money stuck in one of its 
pockets. 

I wanted to help and asked further. Did she know anybody 
here or elsewhere that she could call? Would she wish to 
use my calling card? 

As it turned out, she had an aunt in New Jersey. When she 
called them, they had gone for the weekend and had not 
returned yet. She left a message on their answering 
machine. She had nowhere else to go as she loathed asking 
anybody else especially the business contacts. I told her of 
my plans and offered her a ride, if she wished to hitch hike 
with me. She seemed to have little better alternative. 

After checking my Driver License and Credit Card, Avis 
made me sign the rental papers. What we got was a green 
Toyota Camry, 4-door sedan. I threw my few belongings in 
the back seat. I strapped myself in the driver seat and 
opened the door on the other side for her to get in. By about 
7:30PM Central Time, we were on our way. I tried keeping 
cool with my companion and concentrated on driving. 

She broke the ice and came clean. She said, “I know very 
well that you know who I am. But there is very little I know 
about you, excepting what you told those Security Cops. 
Why not we stop pretending and become friends?” 

14 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

I told her, “Yes I do know who you are. As a matter of fact, 
you may even count me amongst your countless fans. But 
you see I am a regular middle class Professional. My 
Universe and yours can hardly ever intersect. The last thing 
I want is a celebrity movie star turning my simple life 
topsy-turvy. Let us just downgrade our relationship from 
friendship to acquaintance. Once we reach Raleigh, I will 
see to it that you can get to wherever you wish to go safely. 
If you wish you might repay me whenever you can. That is 
all there is to it, between you and me. Our paths will never 
cross again, I am quite sure.” 

“Never say never. Besides, please don’t be too harsh on 
yourself or me. Just hang loose and treat me like any other 
girl next door. As for repaying, I may never be able to repay 
for what you did for me today”, she said. 

“Okay let us compromise. We will not put a label on our 
relationship. Let us be whatever comes naturally to us. As 
for repayment, I will take a rain check”. 

We passed a huge billboard inviting us to Hope, Arkansas, 
the birthplace of Ex-President Bill Clinton just 5 miles 
away. But we were hardly in the mood to go gallivanting on 
sightseeing missions and collecting souvenirs. We had a 
very long drive ahead of us. 

I was on U.S. Highway 40 speeding toward the Northeast at 
a good 70-mph. On an average I can clock about a mile a 
minute. I break after every one hour for a little stretching 
and freshening up at Little Boys’ Room. I am never 
comfortable driving all through the night. So I stop 

15 




RAJ DORÉ 

overnight to get a comfortable night’s sleep. Next morning, 
I always fill the gas tank of my car and myself with a hearty 
breakfast, before heading further. Who knows when is the 
next place where we would get either? 

As you cross the bridge over the Mississippi River, on US40, 
you not only cross state-boundaries from Arkansas into 
Tennessee, but also go right into the city of Memphis. You 
can also see the difference in the standards of maintaining 
highways between the two states. 

Memphis would be the last major city for quite some 
distance of our journey. Since neither my companion nor 
me had much by way of personal belongings, I thought it 
would make sense to halt at a Department Store before they 
close for the day and buy ourselves some articles of 
clothing, toiletries and other bare necessities. 

As we were driving out of Memphis, it had become quite 
dark. She just tilted her seat backwards and closed her eyes. 
There were just those green lights of various dials on the 
dashboard. There was not much traffic on the highway. Just 
an 18-wheeler every once in a while that I had to overtake. 
To break the eerie silence, I turned on the radio. I caught a 
station of University of Memphis, playing some great jazz. 

Suddenly the music stopped and a voice announced late 
breaking news. “This is AP Network News. American 
Airlines Flight 523 bound from Dallas/Fort Worth to 
Raleigh, North Carolina has lost contact with the control 
tower, after taking off from Little Rock, Arkansas. We are 
still monitoring the news and will keep you updated.” We 

16 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

were startled at first. But denial took over our attitude. We 
told ourselves, everything must be alright. It must be one of 
those incidents that end up being a ‘technical’ problem with 
radar or communication. As we were driving away from 
Memphis, there was no good station that we could catch, to 
get updated on that disturbing news. 

This route is very familiar to me. I have plied on it several 
times in the past year. There is this little town 300 miles 
from Little Rock, at the outskirts of Nashville, where there 
is a ranch of Country Singer Loretta Lynn, of “Coal Miner’s 
Daughter” fame. They hold Country & Western music 
concerts there, every so often. It has a quaint little 
restaurant. The waitresses with sizable bosoms, wearing 
dark flowered frocks, with embroidered aprons, attend to 
you with gleeful smiles. The tablecloths in red and white 
checks are nicely starched. There are little baskets of fresh 
baked buns wrapped in spotlessly white napkins. You can 
get a hearty dinner buffet of fried-chicken, roast beef, 
gravy, mashed potato, beans and what have you, for $10.99. 
After the dinner you may browse in the gift shop looking at 
Loretta Lynn’s artifacts whether or not you buy any 
souvenirs. 

There is a cluster of 2 or 3 motels at reasonable prices, 
around this ranch. There is one owned by Gujrati émigrés 
from East Africa. This time again I was going to halt 
overnight in this little town like in previous instances. I find 
these little towns in the interior of the country extremely 
fascinating. That is where you get the flavor of real 
America from the sons and daughters of the soil, not at 
Hiltons and Sheratons of large Megalopolis. 

17 




RAJ DORÉ 

By the time we pulled into the motel after our dinner, it was 
close to 10:30 at night. I let her stay in the car while I went 
to register, lest she be recognized. It was the same old Mrs. 
Suman Patel who greeted me with ‘Aujo, kemcho’, routine. 
We got two adjacent rooms inter-connected by a door. 

As I was taking off my heavy shoes, I clicked on the remote 
to turn on the TV. It was by now all over the place. 
American Airlines Flight 523 had gone up in flames, an 
apparent act of hijacking and terrorism. 

I heard a gentle knock on the intermediate door. She had 
seen the news on her TV as well. She was flushed pink and 
visibly shaken. She was in tears. She pleaded if she could 
come in, as she was scared and shocked beyond belief. I let 
her come in. We were both still in the same clothes we had 
been in all day. 

We sat on the bed resting our backs on the pillow and 
headboard. We were watching the breaking news, clasping 
our hands with horror in our eyes. I could feel that she 
wanted to clasp me and hold me close. But I was just too 
confused and emotionally broken myself to make any kind 
of physical response to her overtures. 

I somberly told her, “You have already repaid me more than 
what you ever owed me”. 

If ever there was a hairbreadth escape of my life, this was it. 
Instead of minding my own business and boarding that 

18 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

flight, I had decided to intervene in her imbroglio. That just 
saved my life. 

It was getting close to midnight. I broke the silence and told 
her that we should now retire for the night and try to get 
some sleep. I slowly released my hand from her clasp. We 
had a long day ahead. It was imperative that we be on the 
highway by 7:00 AM, duly breakfasted and with a full tank 
of gas. Coffee & doughnuts would be served free, at the 
motel lobby starting 6:00 am. 

She asked if she could leave the intermediate door open. I 
readily agreed. As she went into her room she turned and 
told me over her shoulder to give her a wake up call at 5:30, 
if she was not already awake. 

I picked up the phone and called home. At home before 
going to bed, we normally turn off the telephone ring and 
let all the calls go to the answering machine. I was sure 
Seema would have done the same now. Before she got the 
morning news, I wanted her to know that I was not on the 
plane that blew up. I left the message. Then went into my 
bathroom to wash up and change. I came back, slipped into 
my sheets and turned off the bedside light. 

I could see that her bathroom door was also half-ajar. I 
could see her full image reflected on the large mirror at the 
sink. She was probably unaware of that or she might have 
purposely wanted it that way. 

She took her Dupatta and hung it on the peg at the opposite 
wall. Then she slowly removed the hooks on the back of her 

19 




RAJ DORÉ 

Kameez one by one and slowly slid it over her head. Turned 
around and hung that also on the peg. She was wearing a 
flesh colored lacy bra. It covered her breasts only partially 
at the bottom with the two cups connected by a strip of lace. 
The upper fringe of the cups grazed through her chocolate 
brown nipples, showing a deep cleavage. She put her two 
hands behind her back and unhooked the bra. The straps 
came sliding over her shoulders and hands all the way out. 
Her two beautiful breasts wriggled out of the cups 
completely. They still had slight wrinkles from being 
harnessed, and the nipples were mildly upright. She then 
unfastened her Salwar and pulled it down her ankles. She 
had slender flat abdomen with cute little navel. Below that 
she was wearing a thin gauzy panty barely covering a well-
manicured tuft of hair between the thighs. She had well-
rounded hips. The cheeks were almost totally exposed as 
the seat of the panty had slid down into the valley in 
between. Her ivory complexion and smooth skin made her 
look like Neptune under moonlight. 

She pulled out a brush from her handbag, stroked her dark 
brown hair a few times. She took out an elastic band and 
bound her hair into a ponytail. Then she splashed her face 
with cold running water. Rubbed some soap all over to 
remove the makeup. She rinsed her face finally and covered 
it with fresh laundered hand towel from the rack. Her clean 
spotless natural skin without any makeup shone looking 
even prettier. 

Then she pulled out a brown paper package from the 
handbag and removed a T-shirt. She pulled it over her head 
and let it fall all the way down to her ankles. It was a top-to


20 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

toe large T-shirt with “Welcome to Arkansas” written on 
the back with a picture of a sunrise behind Ozark Mountains 
in the front. Obviously this was the piece of article that had 
started the whole rigmarole that evening. Or should I say it 
was the cause of our survival today. I heard her switch off 
the light and get into her bed. 

Oh Man! What a day! The day started off like any other 
day. By the end of it, I had not only survived death but also 
got to share very intimate moments with one of the most 
beautiful women in the world. The day was one of extremes 
in emotion. It had its Nadir and Zenith, so to say. Never a 
dull moment, for sure. I tried very hard to catch some sleep. 

We started off as planned. By 7:00 AM I was speeding 
away on US-40 toward North Carolina. It was a cool 
morning and the sun felt quite nice. We opened the hood on 
top and let fresh morning air blow over our faces and hair. 
She took out her large sunglasses and covered her beautiful 
blue eyes. I also had mine on. It was a good 600 more miles 
to my apartment in Raleigh. I wanted to reach there before 
sunset. 

We had crossed into the Eastern Time zone. While being 
between any two towns, one can hardly catch any radio 
station with good enough reception, FM or AM. That is 
why I carry some cassettes along, when on a long journey. 
But this time it was different. This was no trip that was 
forecast. I got tired of flipping from one bad station to 
another. I finally turned the radio off. There were some 
minutes of no sounds, only reverie. 

21 




RAJ DORÉ 

She broke the silence and said, “I heard you call your home 
and leave a message. Is Seema your wife?” 

I said, “Yes”. 

“Any children?” she asked. 

“One 2-year old Munni. Aparna for real name”, I said. And 
then blurted out, “She is the one that is still holding us 
together. For how long more, I wouldn’t know”. 

“Where are you from in India?” she continued after 
remaining silent for a few moments. 

Obviously she did not want to appear like she was prying 
into my rocky matrimony. Instead of going down that alley 
of conversation, she had changed the direction quite 
adroitly. I liked that. 

22 




CHAPTER 3 

Our family had been living in Jabalpur for generations. We 
had our family farm there. My dad had gone to St. Stephens 
College in Delhi and graduated with a Master’s degree in 
Economics. He had plans of going to London School of 
Economics further. Instead, with some helping hand from 
my grandfather, who was in the ICS, he got into a Dutch 
multi-national Oil corporation as a Management Trainee. 
After being with them for nearly 30 years, he retired as a 
Director, with the usual gold watch to commemorate it. He 
was still on their Board when he passed away 4 years ago. 

Since my dad’s was a transferable job including overseas 
assignments, my parents decided to put me into Doon 
School when I was 8. I used to spend my holidays with 
them or my grandparents or both, whichever was easier at 

23 




RAJ DORÉ 

that time. After passing my High School, I also attended St. 
Stephens College in Delhi, following my dad’s and big 
brother’s footsteps. But I graduated with a degree in 
Physics, Mathematics and Chemistry. Then I got a degree in 
Electrical Engineering from Roorki Engineering College. 

My only sibling, an older brother Mukesh, graduated from 
St. Stephens with a Master’s in History. Then he followed 
my grandfather’s footsteps and got into the IAS, when that 
still had a lot of glitter and charm. He was always the more 
traditional, steady and responsible of us two. His was a 
well-charted textbook style path of life. He also got married 
to a very charming girl Nirmala with traditional family 
values. It was a marriage arranged by the families. They 
have a son Nirmal and a daughter Sunanda, still in schools. 
He spent a couple of years in Geneva, Switzerland on a 
short stint with the United Nations before being posted as a 
Secretary to one of the major ministries at the Central 
Government. 

After the passing away of dad, my mom was staying with 
them in Delhi. Despite all her foreign travels, she never 
liked living in the U.S., with us. She had come here a few 
times on short visits, but found the life here suffocating. 
Then there was all that humiliation one had to go through 
with the U.S. Consulate in obtaining the Visa. I tried 
visiting her at least once in a couple of years. 

While still awaiting my results of the final exam at Roorki, I 
had started applying for post-graduate studies in the U.S., 
like most of my friends and colleagues. That took some 
time to fructify. 

24 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

On graduating from the Engineering College, I did get 
picked up by a British company for a job in Calcutta. Even 
as my papers for going to the U.S. were being processed, I 
had already started seeing cracks in my career with this 
company. One day I had serious disagreement with my 
Manager who complained about me to the Director. I was 
called into his chamber and asked to tender official apology. 
On my refusal to do so, I was promptly given notice of 
dismissal. I walked out of that place with my chin high up. I 
was full of youthful pride and idealism. 

Life at CHU, as Cockerell-Hill University in Dallas, Texas 
is called, started quite well. My dad had provided me with 
enough wherewithal to carry on the first Semester. Later I 
managed to get a teaching assistantship. There was also 
subsidized student housing on the campus. I shared a two 
bedroom apartment with Srinivas, a Chemistry Major. 
Altogether I just scraped by with some money left for fun as 
well. 

‘Fun’ for most part meant some of us Indian boys getting 
together in the apartment of one of us, watching Indian 
movies on the video and drown plenty of beer. We would 
also share in preparing the food. Either we would bring 
something or pitch in preparing a curry or sambaar. 

There were also TVs and VCRs individually with each of 
us. If you had those and could rent X-rated videos you must 
belong to the better off elite. If not, you had to make do 
with ‘Penthouse’ and ‘Playboy’, which gave more 
excitement than a new arrival from India could easily 
handle. That was as far as love life went for most guys. 

25 




RAJ DORÉ 

The campus was quite segregated and stratified, in terms of 
color, ethnicity and cultural background, even though it was 
not ‘Politically Correct’ to officially acknowledge that. 
There was of course the stratification of Faculty and 
different layers of academic standings. 

At the top echelon belonged boys and girls of Texan Oil 
Barons who drove about in Mercedes Benz and BMWs. 
They were there to show some degree of literacy before 
taking over their dad’s business and riches. They partied 
and frolicked amongst themselves. The Texan girls are 
some of the most gorgeous looking in the world. That made 
it even more frustrating for the outsiders with whom they 
would mix as much as oil with water. 

Then there were puddles of people from different 
backgrounds like Red China, Korea and the Middle-east, 
that would mingle amongst themselves. They also came 
from different economic strata from their own countries. 

Kareem Al-Saeed was the son of a Kuwaiti Sheikh. He got 
an allowance of $40,000.00 per year from his dad. He lived 
in a well-furnished apartment and sported very expensive 
clothes and haircut. It was a common tale that he would 
bring home girls and have romantic evenings. He loved 
sipping some nice brew in front of his fireplace with soft 
music playing in the background. Even in the middle of 
Texas summer when the mercury would be hovering at 
100+, he would turn on the fireplace with air-conditioning 
turned to full blast. But even with this kind of money 
Kareem could hardly make any headway with the local 
girls. Texan Oil would not mix with Kuwaiti Oil either. It 

26 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

took more than that. As a result he had to drive out in his 
convertible to Harry Hines Boulevard at dusk and look 
alongside the curb for a good hourly bargain. 

On the other end of the scale was Cai from Red China who 
was the Teaching Assistant for Dr. Hegde of Chemistry 
Department. Cai had to maintain an “A” average to stay on 
the Financial Aid. Dr. Hegde originally from Mangalore, 
South Kanara in India, was a tenured professor. That meant 
in the name of ‘Academic Freedom’, he could not be 
shaken from his position of power by anything less than a 
Congressional Impeachment. He had made it through to this 
position with a lot of hardship. And now it was his turn. It 
was a common knowledge that he made Cai wash dishes, 
do grocery and laundry for his wife, as a part of academic 
exercises. Cai was a person of very modest means but with 
a very good-looking wife. She was known to do sewing and 
stitching for other students to make some extra buck. You 
could also make her go some ‘extra length’ for a few extra 
bucks, if you wanted. 

Then there was this Dr. Margaret Stich, Professor of the 
Computer Science Department. She might have as well 
called herself Margaret Thatcher. Just like Dr. Hegde, she 
had a lot of pent up anger with this World. She had made it 
through this far in a Man’s World suffering plenty of 
humiliation and injustice. She was willing to take on any 
male thing that moves with cudgels soaked in blood. If you 
were a male and one of her wards, you had to take a number 
and stand outside her door. Whenever she opened the door 
and let you in, you had to prove yourself innocent before 
she finished chewing that bit of apple she had just bitten. Or 

27 




RAJ DORÉ 

else, the next bite would be of your scalp. It was told, for a 
hobby and recreation, over the weekends she fixes an M1tank 
parked in her backyard. She wanted to prove to all 
those Male Chauvinist Pigs at Pentagon that she could do a 
better job of fighting the Soviets than 5-star Generals. 
Soviet Union dissolved itself on hearing this. 

There were the Fraternities and Sororities, into which the 
non-American, especially Indian students rarely participated 
because they firmly held that this kind of Western social life 
was immoral. They were here just to study and keep their 
cultural torch aloft all the time. 

Amongst the South-Asian students, including India, 
Pakistan, Bangladesh & Sri Lanka, the gender ratio was 
something like 2 girls to 100 boys. Statistically there was a 
good probability that 1.95 of the 2 girls were already 
married. The remaining 0.05 would be the typical Gujju 
Behnji type. Of course these two categories are not 
mutually exclusive, plenty of them belonged to both. 

Even amongst the boys, there were different types. Plenty 
came from little towns like Kumbakonam, who would do 
their ‘Sandhyavandanam’ and proudly go about with a spot 
of Vibhuti on their forehead. For them date was some dry 
fruit you could eat with a glass of milk. There were just a 
few guys that had experienced some kind of dame chasing 
and socializing in Bombay or Delhi. 

Indians definitely had an edge over students from some 
other countries like China, Japan, Korea and even South 
America, due to their familiarity with the English language. 

28 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

It was quite heart rending how those other boys and girls 
had to work 10 times harder to keep their grades and stay on 
the course. 

It was common knowledge that Gigi was not one of those 
typical Texas girls. She was from Florida and would 
condescend talking to specimens of other ilk. She was in 
our Project Team. I took some courage and made the first 
move of asking her telephone number. I was just testing the 
waters if there was any long-term prospects for a social life. 
I was able to make it through the first hurdle. But invariably 
any time I called her either the line was busy or the call 
went through to an answering machine. Next time I met her, 
what the heck, I jumped right ahead and asked her out, 
using the first trick on the book. 

“Have you ever tasted Indian cuisine? I know this fine 
Indian Restaurant. I wonder if you would want to discuss 
this assignment there this Saturday evening. It’s due 
Monday, you know?” 

Plomp came the response, “I would really love to do that, 
Roe-hitt. But this Saturday I am going out with my 
boyfriend Leff”. A couple of nights later I was working late 
at the Computer Lab and there she was smooching some 
guy, definitely not Leff. 

They all had this trump card up their sleeves. If they did not 
like the looks of you, they would pull this ‘boyfriend’ 
routine and say ‘we can always be good friends’. In other 
words, ‘Keep those candies and flowers coming. But I am 

29 




RAJ DORÉ 

not going to bed with you in this lifetime. I am waiting for 
Robert Redford in a red sports car’. 

On that Holiday Season, Srinivas and I decided to call 
another girl Melissa who seemed to be quite nice and 
friendly. We planned a cozy evening at our place. We were 
going to cook some nice Indian meal. Have some drinks 
and music etc. Who knows who would be found wearing 
the Pajama Top next morning? 

Since we were two of us, we told Melissa to come with a 
friend. Much to our excitement, she readily agreed. When 
that grand evening finally came, at the appointed time there 
was the doorbell. When I opened the door, there she was, 
Melissa giving a great smile with another guy. 

They drank our expensive bottle of Chardonnay, ate our 
food, spilled curry on the carpet, filled the ashtray to 
overflowing and went away at 9:30PM to another 
discotheque by themselves leaving us behind. Our 
apartment looked like a war zone. We two had to clean up 
all day next day. 

There were also some of those girls who had a well-
determined menu card. You could buy yourself a kiss for a 
normal homework assignment. For serious help with 
Projects you could negotiate some heavy petting. For 
anything more than that, you had to do something really 
important like getting a Hot Ticket for a Bon Jovi concert. 

Keeping a ‘B’ average in 2 semesters was compulsory. 
Otherwise you would be given the boot. The faculty was 

30 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

quite aware of how grades could be bought and sold 
amongst boys and girls. They would devise different means 
to put a check. There would be ‘Surprise Quiz’, ‘Open 
Book’ and ‘Closed Book’ exams and Projects. Students 
would always try to beat the system one way or another. 
After all Faculties consist of humans as well. It is these 
same students who later become Faculty. Don’t they? 

All in all the system here was better than what I was used to 
in India. There we used to kill ourselves in the last few 
months before the Final Exams. Two or four years’ worth 
of work was being tested in a matter of 3 hours. Which was 
a very unfair way to judge, prize or penalize plenty of hard 
work. It was more a test of memorizing capabilities than 
knowledge. That way many a good life has been ruined or 
undeserving rewarded. 

I finished my Master’s in Computer Engineering in less 
than 2 years of arriving here. We had our Commencement 
Ceremony with throwing of hoods up in the air and all the 
jubilation. It was a sweet and sour moment. There was a 
sense of accomplishment and concern. 

Soon after that, Reality started seeping. My student visa 
was going to expire in about 6 months. I still did not have a 
job. The job market for my skills was quite bad. Market was 
flushed with people like me. There was that periodic 
downturn in the Economy. Even corporations like IBM 
were laying off personnel and announcing hiring freeze. 
When a giant like IBM cuts back, it has a ripple effect all 
over the job market. 

31 




RAJ DORÉ 

There were people with the much-prized Green Card or 

U.S. Citizenship staying home expecting the phone to ring. 
What chance did I have, with just a Student Visa? Quite 
religiously, I was mailing my resume to at least half a dozen 
destinations every day. Majority of them did not bother 
even to respond. Some would send a curt and crisp letter 
very neatly printed saying that my resume would be kept in 
their data-base for another 6 months, should any suitable 
opening arise. 
That summer morning I walked up to Mrs. Barbara Allyson. 
She was the secretary of our Dean and Chairman of 
Computer Engineering Department, Dr. David Kennington. 

I was wearing a red and blue T-shirt with CHU’s mascot 
donkey on the back and a large embroidered ‘CHU’ on the 
front. My jeans could have used some soap and water very 
badly. My ‘Neike’ sneakers were of a comfortable size 9 
and half. The baseball cap, with another CHU symbol, had 
its hood jetting out on the side over my ear. Who ever said I 
had to have a shave every day? 

If I showed up like this for a banquet at the Buckingham 
Palace, the doorman would have thought I was something 
that cat brought in on a rainy day and called the trash-
collector. 

Beaming a big smile, I told her, “Barbara, that string of 
pearls on that beautiful blue dress makes you look 
gorgeous”. 

32 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

“Cut it out Rohit. What do you want? What is it this time?” 
she asked, wasting no time on small talk trivialities. 

“How does David’s schedule look like this week, Barbara?” 
I asked, still with that smile broadly pasted on my face. 

“I could squeeze you in this afternoon around 4:30. But for 
no more than 10 minutes. What is it about now?” 

“My life in the Academia seems to be coming to a grinding 
halt. Along with that endangerment of self-survival is 
looming large. I am kind of wondering, if I should not be 
thinking of going on for a Doctorate program”. 

“Doctorate programs are for people seeking Knowledge and 
Truth, not Sustenance. Do you know the motto of CHU? 
‘Veritas Liberitat Voss’, that is Latin for ‘Truth Shall 
Liberate You’”. 

“Is that so Barbara? I thought it meant, ‘Truthful Fellow 
gets liberated from his job by his Boss’. The real reason I 
told you, is strictly between you and me.” 

Having said that I slowly walked back to my room. My 
roommate Srinivas had not yet returned. I opened my 
mailbox. There were the usual junk mail and plenty of bills, 
credit card statements and the ubiquitous rejection letters to 
my resumes. Then there was an envelope with my mom’s 
handwriting on top. 

There was the usual sentimental stuff of advising me to eat 
well and take care of health. There was also a picture of a 

33 




RAJ DORÉ 

demure young lady called Seema Dhillon, second child of 
Wing Commander Rajesh Dhillon of Indian Air Force. She 
was 21 and an under-graduate student at Lady Shriram 
College in Delhi. They were interested in a marriage 
proposal. 

Seema’s older sister Sangeeta was married to a heart 
surgeon, Dr. Arun Varma, in Seattle, Washington. They 
were willing to sponsor for a Green Card as well. I shoved 
that envelope with its contents into my pocket and tried to 
tidy up my appearance. 

I had that interview with Dr. Kennington at 4:30. He had 
been my advisor through the Master’s program. We had 
developed a good respect for each other. He was not one of 
those that would make me wash dishes for his wife. 

He said, there were a few research projects on which he 
could use me. He would run the idea by the Committee. 
Once the funding is finalized, I could come on board. This 
also meant my Student Visa could be extended until I 
finished my Ph.D. That was some reprieve on my life. 

That night there was a phone call from Dr. Arun Varma. He 
does not waste any time. Does he? He and wife Sangeetha 
were passing by Dallas, the following weekend, on their 
way to Florida on a trip. They would want to come by and 
meet me. The purpose was obvious. They wanted to check 
me out and send a confidential report to their folks in Delhi. 

I was angry first at this FBI like background checking 
business, then at the oncoming onslaught without my 

34 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

asking. Even as I was mulling over the whole thing, that 
night there was also a call from my mom. She insisted that I 
play host to them and make a good impression. 

35 




 

CHAPTER 4 

Wing Commander Rajesh Dhillon had another couple of 
years for retirement. He had joined the Air Force at the age 
of 21 fresh from college. His career was going up very 
rapidly. His being a nephew of Air Marshall Manik Dhillon 
did not hurt either. He was carefully nurtured and kept away 
from any combat duty in most of the conflicts. 

He was on the committee of experts to evaluate military 
hardware purchases. He represented the Air Force on the 
committee to give expert opinion on air-defense systems. In 
that course he had to make several trips to European 
capitals including Moscow, visiting vendors in those 
countries. The purchases involved a few billion dollars 
worth of contracts spanning a decade. 

37 




RAJ DORÉ 

In the beginning Wing Commander Dhillon did have plenty 
of moral compunction. There was an instance when he was 
shaken from it and made to reshape his life’s philosophy. 

He was at a wayside cafe in Champs Elysee and his 
colleague on the committee General Uthappa of the Army 
broached the subject. A Swedish arms dealer who had 
submitted a bid had contacted him. 

Purchases were always made by inviting bids. The bids are 
all sealed and opened in closed chamber in the presence of 
the bidders. No changes or negotiations are allowed after 
that. However, some seasoned dealers can always find ways 
around it, if only some committee members could be made 
to give a helping hand. 

Some clauses of the bid and technical specifications could 
be left vague or unmentioned. The committee was well 
within its rights to ask for clarification. That is just when 
one bidder can manipulate his bid and outmaneuver his 
competitor very legally. On the part of the Committee, their 
conscience was quite clear that they were not hurting their 
organization in any way since neither the quality of goods 
nor the price was in any way compromised. 

General Uttappa was due to retire in less than a year. He 
had 3 daughters to marry off and his eldest son still not 
graduated from the Engineering College. His nest egg was 
very modest and not much by way of patrimony either. 

He sought Wing Commander Dhillon’s friendly 
understanding and cooperation. He needed that extra vital 

38 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

vote on the committee. They could make a cool $ 50,000.00 
each safely to be deposited in a confidential account in 
Liechtenstein. No questions asked and no fingerprints left. 

Wing Commander Dhillon was first taken aback. Then he 
cooled off and asked his colleague for time to think it over. 
After returning to Delhi, he also mentioned it to his wife 
Ranjana. Neither could get sleep that night. They were 
tossing and turning wrestling with the whole plan. It seemed 
so harmless. It was all a part of the game. Only ones that do 
not use such opportunities in life were total fools. After all 
anywhere you look, every one was doing it, are they not? 
Just do it once, catch a big fish and then give up to retire 
peacefully. 

At the committee meeting that afternoon, General Uttappa 
made the proposal that further clarifications be sought from 
the Swedish bidder. Out of the remaining four members, 
one raised his pencil and went along. 

Two other members voted against. They wanted the 
Swedish bid rejected and the contract awarded to the most 
complete bid with the best price. 

All were looking at Wing Commander Dhillon. There were 
moments of silence. Slowly but surely, he also raised his 
sharpened pencil up and voted in favor of the motion by 
General Uttappa. 

There is always a first time for everything. This was the 
first time for Rajesh Dhillon as well. Next time he went 
through this with much less afterthought. And soon this 

39 




RAJ DORÉ 

became a normal routine. He had become a part of the team. 
To make it look good, every so often they would award a 
contract or two to somebody else. 

He got a posting as Air Attaché at the Embassy in 
Washington DC. That was the time when Sangeetha’s 
marriage was arranged. Seema was still in school. Rajesh 
Dhillon sill had a few more years in the Air Force. He 
wanted to complete his full term to get all the benefits of 
retirement. There was also a good chance of his becoming 
Air Vice-Marshal before finally bidding good bye to the Air 
Force. 

He was glad he was able to find a good son-in-law in Arun 
Varma, especially with his being well established in the 

U.S.A. He could now entrust his account in Liechtenstein to 
safe hands without in any way implicating himself. 
The wedding itself was a grand affair. Families and friends 
from all sides attended. Seema was 15 and had just started 
developing breasts. After the wedding reception was over, 
late in the evening, guests were being taken back home. The 
car was quite full. Seema squeezed herself into the rear seat, 
somebody clicked the door lock and slammed it shut. 

She soon figured out that she was sitting on the lap of her 
maternal cousin Sanjay, then 17. He had come from 
Mussourie especially for the wedding. They had been 
playing, teasing each other and dancing together all 
evening. 

40 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

She settled down gazing at the lights and shops that were 
passing by. The car swerved sharp, she tried to hold her 
balance by holding Sanjay’s arm. Then there came this big 
jolt on a pothole when she would have hit the roof, had he 
not put his hand around her waist and held her firm close to 
his thighs. They both felt cozy and nice like that. 

Then there was a long stretch of drive when there was very 
little light. Others were busy giggling, laughing and 
exchanging jokes about the happening of the evening. 
Slowly Sanjay’s hands brushed against Seema’s upper 
blouse. She ignored it thinking that it was just an accident. 
After a while, it was a more deliberate and slow movement. 
The palm gently rested over her breast. She felt a very 
strange tingling sensation all over her body, as she had 
never felt before. Blood was gushing through her temples 
and she sat just shrinking momentarily. She was confused 
and did not know how to react. First she wanted to yell out 
or push his hand away. But then she kept quiet and 
motionless, as she was embarrassed. Then it felt good. She 
slowly rested her head on his chest and cuddled. His other 
hand was gently cupping her other breast by now. He was 
softly brushing his face on the nape of her neck. She liked 
that as well. 

Soon the car pulled over at Seema’s house. She got out and 
stood waving at the car as it moved away to drop other 
people at their respective destinations. That night Seema 
went to bed thinking about him. Next morning Sanjay 
returned to his school in Mussourie. 

41 




RAJ DORÉ 

What started as an innocent dalliance that night after 
Sangeetha’s wedding, slowly and steadily blossomed into a 
more serious involvement. Sanjay and Seema kept closely 
in touch, metaphorically and somewhat physically as well. 

Sanjay’s dad was the older brother of Ranjana Dhillon. This 
relationship could no way lead to anywhere like altar and 
wedding bells. That might have been possible if they had 
been Muslims or belonging to some other sects. It had to 
end sooner or later. Both Sanjay and Seema were well 
aware of that. But theirs was not a concern that took a very 
long-term view of things. It just felt good for now. 

Within a few months of their encounter at the Wedding, 
Sanjay moved to Delhi to pursue further studies. There was 
no question of either of them going on dates. They would 
go to movies and parties, sometimes in groups and 
sometimes by themselves. In public they had to behave in a 
very decent but friendly manner, nothing more. 

She persuaded her mom to let her learn driving from him. 
Buddha Jayanti Park is a large garden without too much 
traffic. It seemed like a natural choice for them to go there 
on driving lessons. While he would let her drive and show 
her how to steer, quite naturally his elbow would brush 
against her inflated blouse. She did not seem to mind that at 
all. 

He became bolder and bolder then on, on their succeeding 
lessons, as weeks and months rolled by. 

42 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

He once stopped the car under a tree. It had become dark. 
Seeing no one in sight, he embraced her and ran his lips all 
over her face, neck and finally resting on her blouse. She 
asked him to kiss her on the nipples over the blouse. He did. 
Then he put his hands over her neck, slowly slipped it into 
her bra from above and gently slid it over her bare breast. 
He gently pulled the breast out of the blouse and softly ran 
his lips over the very tender nipple. She was in ecstasy. He 
pushed his other hand under her skirt and started stroking 
his palm over her soft silky thighs. As she remained 
enthralled in his kiss with eyes closed, he kept moving that 
hand further above until he encountered her netted panty 
firmly enclosing her crotch. He tried to push his fingers 
through the elastic over one upper thigh. At this point she 
shook herself away from him and asked him to stop it. He 
did not force himself. 

They then adjusted their clothes and started driving back. 
They were both silent and emotionally at the brink of 
boiling over. 

When she came back home her parents were sitting in the 
living room watching TV. They greeted her and told her 
that they had found a very good match for her to marry. He 
was one Rohit Sharma, with a Master’s in Engineering in 
the U.S.A. 

Arun Varma did not turn out to be quite the son-in-law, 
Rajesh Dhillon had hoped for. Arun being the eldest had the 
complete responsibility of his parents and two younger 
siblings. They were all first living together in one large 
house. After the marriage, Arun and Sangeetha moved into 

43 




RAJ DORÉ 

a different house just a couple of blocks away. The parents 
still held strong control over the family and its finances. 

Rajesh Dhillon wished he had a son. He wanted somebody 
who would take good care of himself and his wife Ranjana 
into their old age along with the money he had amassed 
clandestinely. He was now on look out for such a person to 
marry his second daughter. 

Seema just smiled and went into her room. She closed the 
door behind her, fell on the bed and turned off the lights, 
even without changing her clothes. She was too emotionally 
charged and restless. She just wanted to forget everything 
and fall asleep. 

But she couldn’t. She tossed and lay on her belly, raised her 
hands, rested her elbows on the pillow and clasped it tight 
burying her face into it. Her torso was on the bed rubbing 
against it. She spread-eagled her legs. Quite involuntarily 
she started pressing her hips into the mattress churning into 
it slowly. After a few moments there was an electrifying 
sensation flying through her spine. She wriggled for a while 
and cuddled the pillow even more tightly. She had never 
felt like this before. 

She was savoring the sweet feelings of Today and Now. 
Everything else could wait until tomorrow. After a few 
moments, she fell asleep and slowly glided into a 
dreamland. 

Next morning at the breakfast table her parents confronted 
her again about the marriage proposal. All she could muster 

44 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

in response was that she was not yet ready for marriage and 
wanted to put off marriage for a few more years. She 
wanted to study Fashion Designing in the U.S. She had also 
talked to her sister and brother-in-law who agreed to have 
her with them in Seattle. 

Her objections were promptly overruled. Her dad was due 
to retire in a couple of years and such good matches do not 
grow on trees in their backyard. Seema was not getting any 
younger either. If they put off by a few years, she might as 
well retire from the matrimonial scene as an old maid and 
spend rest of her life as a spinster wallflower. 

She was no way going abroad without being properly 
married first. She could study all the Fashion Designing as 
she wants after getting to the U.S. with a husband. 

She was demanded to stop having such a long face and 
finish breakfast before it got too cold. Her dad took the last 
sip from the coffee cup, folded the newspaper and was off 
for his day’s work. Her pleading with her mom would have 
been of little consequence. Between the two parents, she 
always found her mom the harder nut to crack. In any case 
such major projects were always at the initiative of her 
mom. Even her dad did not have any veto power. 

Thus her fate had been more or less sealed for then. She 
decided she might as well learn to like what was going to be 
inevitable. After all Rohit looked quite nice in the picture 
and life in the United States would always be so much more 
fun. 

45 




 

CHAPTER 5 

I got a call from Dr. Kennington’s office followed up by 
formal letter. I had been accepted as a research scholar 
toward a Ph.D., program with a reasonable scholarship. 
They were also willing to give the formal letters for 
extension of my Visa. All things settled, I could start by the 
following Fall. 

That left me a couple of months of Summer to visit Delhi 
and attend to the marriage proposal. I made the bookings 
and called my mom. 

After making the necessary phone calls it was decided that 
we go to the residence of Wing Commander and Mrs. 
Dhillon, to visit with the family and meet their second 
daughter Seema Dhillon. It was a Saturday afternoon and a 

47 




RAJ DORÉ 

good 45-minute drive to their house at Vasant Vihar. My 
mom, Mukesh, Nirmala-bhabi and myself set out all decked 
up. It was a 2-story house with well-manicured lawn in the 
front with a cement driveway from a well-painted pair of 
steel gates. 

Rajesh Dhillon himself received us at their doorstep with a 
beaming smile and folded hands. We all marched in one by 
one, into their living room. It was spacious with well-
upholstered sofas and tastefully decorated draperies. There 
were curios from his various foreign trips. I also noticed a 
picture of Rajesh Dhillon in the form of a cartoon with the 
Capitol Dome of Washington DC as a backdrop. 

After exchanging pleasantries with Mukesh, Rajesh turned 
toward me and started darting his questions. He wanted to 
know all about my activities and prospects at whatever I 
was doing. Then came the grand finale. 

Ranjana Dhillon went up and walked down the stairs with 
her daughter Seema well adorned in makeup, jewelry and a 
dark green Kameez with matching Dupatta and Salwar. She 
slowly walked up to the sofa beside me and sat down. On 
the bidding of her dad, she made some tea and started 
serving us one by one. Along with that we were offered 
some savory to munch on. 

We exchanged glances and polite smiles. She seemed just 
as comely and demure as she was in the picture I had got 
from my mom. She had nice large brown eyes and very 
light skin. When she smiled she displayed a perfect row of 
pearly white teeth. When I first saw her my pulse started 

48 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

racing. Then there was generally an uncomfortable silence 
from both of us, as the others started interacting with each 
other. 

The whole process was most painful and embarrassing for 
me. After suffering through it for about an hour, I heaved a 
sigh of relief when my mom requested their leave. The 
bidding of good byes lasted another fifteen minutes, before 
we were finally on our way home. 

After some 5 miles of driving in silence, my mom finally 
tapped me on the shoulder and asked, “Well, what do you 
think? We don’t have all month, you know? We need to let 
them know by tomorrow”. 

Mukesh intervened like a fire fighter, saying, “They have to 
let us know first, if it is okay from their side, is it not? Why 
this hurry?” That seemed to make sense. 

Within half an hour of our returning home, there was a call 
from Rajesh Dhillon. They were happy to meet all of us and 
would consider it an honor if we would agree to this 
marriage. Mukesh answered the phone. He responded 
saying that I was away visiting the temple with my mom 
and we will let him know our reaction by the following 
morning. 

I insisted that I needed to meet Seema alone and should take 
her out by myself a few times before deciding on this issue 
of a lifetime. That idea seemed outrageous to my mom and 
Nirmala. Mukesh abstained from voting, a great diplomat 
that he was. 

49 




RAJ DORÉ 

“One does not do such things in India. What kind of a girl 
will do that? Would you want to bring such a girl into our 
family? This is not your America, you know? You can take 
her out all what you want, after getting married”, they 
yelled at me. 

I was quite adamant. After plenty of wrangling and 
cajoling, Nirmala-bhabi agreed to talk to Ranjana Dhillon. 
They negotiated and came up with a game plan. Sangeetha 
and Arun were coming from Seattle, the next day. It was 
agreed that we could go out as six-some, Sangeetha, Arun 
& Seema from their side and Mukesh, Nirmala-bhabi and 
myself on ours. Oh Boy! Were they doing me a great favor 
by leaving out the parents and rest of the township. 

But they wanted to announce a formal engagement by a 
week from Wednesday. Then the wedding had to take place 
within a month. Since I was due back in Dallas 3 weeks 
thereafter, it left barely 2 weeks for honeymoon. 

I even heard them mention if honeymoon was all that 
important and necessary. After all so much work had still to 
be done, like getting the trousseau ready, sending out 
invitations and arranging a grand reception etc., etc., not to 
mention visits to the American Consulate to arrange visa 
formalities for Seema. It was planned that she follows me 
first as wife of a student. Later Sangeetha would sponsor us 
both for a Green Card in the U.S. 

Since the whole course had already been charted out 
between the two ladies, there seemed little, if at all any, 

50 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

room for me to do anything by way of choice or deciding. I 
thought to myself, if this is what is happening to an adult 
male like me, what would be the state of Seema, the girl I 
was destined to marry? 

There were the usual debates about the merits and demerits 
of the way people get married in the West and in India. 
Arguments were flung at me that after all plenty of arranged 
marriages turn out to be just fine whereas even after dating 
and courting 4 out of 5 marriages in the U.S., end up in the 
divorce court within the first 10 years. 

“Look at our parents and us. Didn’t we do well?” 

I felt like responding ‘It is not how long but how good your 
married life is. There is more to marriage than remaining 
un-divorced.’. I was in a terrible minority to enter a fight. 

High points of the outings were a picnic to a Lake near 
Faridabad one Sunday morning and a dinner at the rooftop 
restaurant in Hotel Intercontinental. We also took in a 
musical concert at Sapru House and some movies. Seema 
and I were left alone often to interact, when the other 2 
couples purposely wandered away at some excuse. 

On my part this seemed like as good a deal as any. She was 
very good looking, no doubt. She had lived in the U.S., 
when her dad was in Washington DC, even if she was very 
young at that time. Which means she must be familiar with 
the life in America, hopefully. With a good educational 
background, she must find plenty of opportunity to advance 

51 




RAJ DORÉ 

in a career if she chose. Her very influential family 
connections could not hurt either. 

More than anything else I was also very very tired of the 
wild geese I was chasing, trying to bed the girls on the 
campus, which invariably ended up leaving me most 
frustrated. I decided not to resist or fight the inevitable that 
was charging toward me inexorably. 

On her side Seema seemed to be generally a reserved and 
shy person. Besides, her mom was quite domineering and 
took all the decisions in her life. She had been quite aware 
of all the details about me even before we met. Her sister 
and brother-in-law also had filled her in. She did not have 
too much to ask me on our outings. She seemed reconciled 
to the whole idea with little opinion. I did not find that very 
complimentary. Though I did find her going into some kind 
of a reverie and drowned in thoughts, every so often. I 
assumed she was thinking of her life as a married woman in 
a foreign land. 

On my return to Dallas, I had to tell Srinivas that he needs 
to start looking for another place. 

I saw in the Student Center Notice Board that there was a 
Thai student who had finished graduation and was going 
back home. He was disposing off his belongings. He was 
asking $500 for a 15 year old Toyota Corolla in ‘running 
condition’ with some 180,000 miles on its odometer. 

I took a good look at her. She had tattered upholstery. The 
glass would roll up the window only with some extra 

52 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

efforts, since it had always been kept down. The owner 
believed cool Texas breeze is so much healthier than air-
conditioning. He claimed it gave him a good 25 miles to a 
gallon of gas. All it needed was a new battery and a couple 
of better treaded tires in the next 4 months or so. The 
original color was probably some shade of pinkish-red. 
Now it had smudges and dirty patches all over with some 
kinks and dents, making it impossible for its color to be put 
in any one description. 

I negotiated and brought down the price by a hundred 
dollars. I had some $150 of my own savings and from 
reselling the textbooks. I borrowed the remaining ransom 
from Srinivas, promising repayment of $50 per month. 

The Thai student carefully counted the cash and put it in his 
shirt pocket. Then he shook my hands after handing me the 
keys. I sat in the driver’s seat and cranked the engine. After 
the 3rd attempt there was a big gurgling noise and the 
engine started. As I stepped on the gas, the car started 
rolling with some smoke and bursting-of-crackers noise 
coming from the rear. 

First the Thai student’s face lit up, as the car was really 
moving. Then his face became crest fallen. He slowly 
stroked the body of the car and with a sullen face told me, 
“Please take good care of her”, as if he was parting with his 
favorite aunt. 

“Don’t give it a thought. She is in good hands. Send her 
flowers for Mothers’ Day, if you wish”, I told him and 

53 




RAJ DORÉ 

drove away. I needed a car quite badly. How could I 
welcome my princess without a steed? 

Within about 2 months Seema arrived. She arrived with a 
check from her dad for $50,000.00 drawn on his Swiss 
Bank account. It was in her individual name. I did find it 
somewhat hurtful that they would give a present not 
including me in it. At my suggestion, she opened an account 
with that money in her individual name at a bank near the 
campus. 

For Seema it was not an easy adjustment to her new life. 
Her previous experience of living in the U.S., was of no 
consequence whatsoever. She had been brought up in a very 
different life-style, with parents doting on her every need 
and servants taking care of all the work. Now she had to do 
everything herself, that included cooking, washing, cleaning 
the toilet bowl, laundry, and not excluding carrying grocery 
bags up 2 floors to our apartment on the campus. 

The apartment itself was very sparsely furnished on the 2nd 
floor with no elevators. She had problems with people’s 
attitudes toward her and her incapability to communicate 
properly with any one, leave alone developing meaningful 
friendship. It is one thing to know the English language, but 
quite another to be able to think on the same frequency as 
the other people you come in contact with. 

The climate was a big change. Texas has very severe 
summer and winter, unlike in India. Living cooped up in an 
apartment all the time, as your only human contact is away 
at work most of the time, can by quite daunting. Having to 

54 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

live with a man that was a closed book, notwithstanding his 
being her husband, is very challenging in itself. 

She had absolutely no idea at all about what marriage and 
its responsibility were all about, even for Indian life-style 
and standards. She had very few skills of cooking or 
housekeeping. She had been brought up with the belief that 
once she gets married she would acquire all those skills at 
her husband’s house anyway. So why trouble her now? Let 
her have a good time while she can. 

All this was such a far cry from all those glamorous scenes 
she had seen in the Bollywood movies, with heroes and 
heroines prancing and dancing with duets on their lips in 
front of big mansions. 

At first married life seemed to move quite uneventfully for 
me. However I did find Seema not showing much by way of 
feelings or love toward me. Sex became a routine matter 
and always at my initiative after gaps of several days. It did 
not quite cross my mind that there could be any other man 
in her life and thoughts. I kind of assumed, that must be a 
typical attitude of an Indian girl. 

Sangeetha set our papers for a Green Card in motion. Then 
on, I was constantly and progressively being made aware, 
subtly and sometimes not so subtly, that I owed them my 
life, liberty and happiness, because of this. 

There would constantly be phone calls at all odd times, 
from her parents in Delhi or from her sister in Seattle. She 
was getting directions and instructions on what to do and 

55 




RAJ DORÉ 

what not to do. My presence in her life started becoming a 
non-event. 

One weekend Arun and Sangeetha flew down. They shed 
tears at the abject ‘deprivation’ to which their girl was being 
subjected. The three of them went around shopping for 
everything in my house including a new car for Seema. 
There were also these catty remarks about how Arun was 
able to afford so many lavish things and if I would ever be 
able to do that. It meant little to them that I was still a 
research scholar living on my scholarship and my self-
respect demanded that I don’t take help from anybody else. 

I tried ignoring their lack of respect bordering on a 
patronizing attitude toward me. Soon my workload started 
increasing as well. I was under a lot of pressure to finish my 
research project before funding would exhaust. Sometimes 
that meant my being at the Lab almost all night. Even on 
normal days by the time I came back home, Seema would 
have eaten and gone to bed, leaving my dinner on the table. 

I had not wanted Seema to idle away her time. So I 
persuaded her to get enrolled into MBA program at the 
Clarke School of Business at CHU itself. It was all within 
walking distance in the campus. I thought that way she will 
have some interests and diversions. That would also expose 
her to the local Americans and help her get integrated here. 

As days and months rolled by, Seema did finish and get her 
MBA degree. It was not easy for her to find a respectable 
job in spite of that. It took quite a while before a Real Estate 

56 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

company would take her in as a trainee. That did not 
enamour her one bit. 

Her mom kept reminding us that we should be giving her a 
grandson soon. That would give her a good reason to come 
visit us in America, which was one of her life’s most prized 
ambitions. She came and lived with us for a few months 
before and after, Munni was born. They were all quite 
disappointed that it was not a boy, to inherit that big 
fortune. However, they slowly got reconciled to that fact. 

Now all the instructions and directions of how to lead our 
lives came directly and personally from Ranjana breathing 
down our necks, instead of over the phone, as was 
happening so far. It almost seemed like I was orbiting on an 
entirely different planet leaving them to their own world, 
which accidentally happened to be my house. 

On Munni’s first birthday Seema’s parents sent a check for 
$ 100,000.00 in Munni’s name. We opened a joint bank 
account for the mother and daughter. My mom and Mukesh 
sent a new dress and some toys with a friend who was 
coming from there. It had become very very obvious, 
especially to Seema’s family that they could pull their 
weight on me and my life with total impunity. I had no 
counter-weight whatsoever on my side to prevent their total 
domination of my life. 

Within a year, Rajesh Dhillon retired. He and his wife 
started working on selling their house and coming over to 
the U.S. for good. Sangeetha had started working on their 
Visas. He still had some friends in the DC area. He wanted 

57 




RAJ DORÉ 

to buy a house and settle down there. But was over ruled by 
Ranjana. She wanted to stay near her daughters. Since Arun 
could not be shaken from his post, they decided to make 
Seattle their family head quarters. Soon they would be 
manipulating Seema and myself to move there as well. 

After Rajesh and Ranjana settled down in Seattle, it became 
a routine affair for Seema to pack up and go over there 
every so often. Some times I would not even be aware of 
her going until after I got home to find a note stuck on the 
fridge. I was so totally engrossed in my research project that 
I had no energy or time left to chase these red herrings. 

Slowly but surely my Ph.D., doctorate arrived and I heaved 
a big sigh of relief. The topic of my dissertation happened 
to be a hot technical problem on which Texas Electronics 
had poured enormous amounts of capital for research and 
development. On recommendation from Dr. Kennington 
they picked me up as soon as I finished and agreed to 
sponsor for a Green Card on their own as well. 

Seema’s family started pressing us all to move to Seattle 
and live with them. This was not an idea that I relished even 
one bit. It was bad enough living a couple of thousand miles 
apart. Living in the same house would have me totally 
trampled under their one toe. 

58 




CHAPTER 6 

I put the car on Cruise Control and freed my toes to some 
relaxation. We were going at a comfortable speed and I did 
not want to take any undue chances. Archana was nicely 
ensconced in her seat beside me. I thought we had warmed 
up to each other enough to venture some down to earth 
conversation. 

“If you don’t mind could I ask you something?” I said. 

“Sure, go ahead”. 

“How come a person like you is travelling alone like this? I 
am sure there are plenty of people from your own line of 
work, media and paparazzi that would be hovering all over 
you on every step”. 

59 




RAJ DORÉ 

“I am shunning all media coverage. I am here for some very 
personal medical reasons. I had to consult some specialists 
in Phoenix, Arizona. My visit is known only to my very 
close relative, my aunt in New Jersey. My shooting 
schedules are being taken care of by my doubles. So 
nobody there is even aware that I am here.” 

“I sure hope you came out with flying colors on your 
Medical Test”, I said without being too intrusive. 

“Yes. Thank God. But I still need to make a few more 
visits. So far everything seems to be going good.” 

I did not want to pry anymore. All in good time, if and 
when she feels like it. 

There was mild drizzle and I started the windshield wiper. 
To break the silence I tried turning on the radio but did not 
succeed in getting any sensible music. We were now 
entering North Carolina. We stopped by at a wayside gas 
station to fill gas, wash up and refresh ourselves with a can 
of Coke. 

By about lunchtime we were at Asheville. The rain had 
stopped. There was a restaurant on top of the hill with a 
breathtaking view of the mountains and valleys. There were 
some clouds and the sun was playing hide and seek. I told 
her that we have some 90 minutes for respite and lunch. 

We were seated at a table with just 2 seats, overlooking the 
valley on the terrace. The table was very elegantly set. 

60 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Starched tablecloth and napkins, shiny silver alongside well 
laid out dishes. There were wineglasses and a little vase 
with red rose in the middle. As I was perusing the menu, 
she excused herself to go powdering her nose. 

She came back looking radiant. She had absolutely no make 
up. She had tied her hair up with a scarf and wearing the 
jeans and top that we had bought the previous day. I did not 
wish to take my eyes off her but had to, as I could see her 
feeling embarrassed at my staring her. She just flashed 
another of those scintillating smiles and started reading the 
menu. 

I did not want to order any alcohol since I was driving but 
asked her if she would want some wine or anything else. 
She also did not want to have any drinks. We kept eating 
with very little conversation. As we were coming close to 
ordering dessert, I slowly broached the subject of our 
further plans. 

“We should be reaching Raleigh by about 5, in another 3 or 
4 hours. I guess you would want to check into a good hotel. 
I could take care of that. Then you could be contacting your 
folks and make further arrangements. What do you think?” I 
told her. 

She took a few moments and slowly replied, “What kind of 
place do you have?” 

“Mine is a 2 bedroom apartment in a complex which is 
quite neat and nice. We have a nice swimming pool, indoor 

61 




RAJ DORÉ 

and outdoor. Then there is a game room. It is near a canal 
where I like going for a walk or jog some times.” 
“Would it be too much bother if I stayed with you?” 


“No. Not at all. But you know my pad is not exactly a 5-star 
hotel that you must be used to.” 

She pealed out laughing. Shaking her head, she said, 
“Whatever gave you the idea that, that is what I want?” 

Well that having been settled, I continued our conversation. 

“Do you feel ignored that nobody here recognizes you and 
fawns on you with all the adulation and admiration like in 
India? You must miss all that attention and being treated 
like some kind of royalty.” 

“Are you kidding? I love this anonymity. I really like that I 
am being treated like a normal human being and not like 
some rare artifact or statue in a museum glass case”, she 
said to my surprise. 

Once she said that, my defenses also started breaking down. 
I felt somewhat relieved that I did not have to be too much 
on guard while talking to or treating her. 

Even though she had come down from the pedestal of a 
movie star, she still was a stunningly beautiful girl. 

I find such beautiful girls intimidating by their very looks. It 
is almost like somebody is threatening me with a dagger 

62 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

and I need to take shelter within myself. I get confused, 
how to react. 

My very first reaction is one of self-rejection. There is no 
way this divine looking creature will give a chance to a no-
good nobody like me. So why bother? Just keep a decent 
distance avoiding pain, agony and humiliation. 

If by any chance she does cross her path with mine and is 
nice, I go into my next stage. 

Since she is used to being pampered and given a lot of 
attention by every man around her, I tell myself, only way 
to make an impression on her is to stand out and not behave 
like other men. Just be cool. Do not push yourself too hard 
on her. 

Then somewhere in one corner of my psyche I have this 
image of my being a Rhett Butler trying to confront this 
Scarlett O’Hara. More you ignore her, the more she feels 
challenged. She would wish to have one more scalp under 
her belt and go for that unconquered territory, which is I. 
Once you have fallen for her, like the others, she will go 
seeking greener pastures. 

So I keep expecting her to come chasing me. 

This attitude is of course totally asinine. Not every beautiful 
girl is a nitwit Scarlett. And I am no Rhett either. I have lost 
many a nice girl this way. Oh God! I could kick myself in 
the behind for losing so many such great chances. 

63 




RAJ DORÉ 

Take for example Anita Singh. 

She was a Sikhni. She had killer looks. She was a stunner 
by any standards. She was one year junior to me but in the 
Liberal Arts. While I kept avoiding her, she did come by to 
me once, flashing her great smile spilling a string of pearls 
from her lips. 

She was selling tickets for a charity show. How could I not 
have obliged such a divine creature? I bought the ticket. 
After some uncomfortable silence, not knowing how to 
carry on a conversation further, I asked her, while a Sikh 
obviously looks a Sikh, how does one make out if a woman 
is a Sikhni? 

She once again gave one of those laughs that would make 
Church Bells toll in any man’s heart. 

“Good question”, she said. After a pause, with great 
panache she continued, “It is easy. If she is devastatingly 
beautiful, she ought to be Sikhni”. 

On hearing that my jaw fell. I was looking askance and 
agape. Before I could find my tongue somewhere in the 
depths of my throat, I saw her stuffing my rupee notes deep 
into her blouse and gone like a cool breeze in springtime. I 
couldn’t have agreed with her more, at least this time. 

There were zillions of other men kissing the earth she trod 
upon. There would be no way I had any chance whatsoever. 
No point in even making an attempt. I gave her very little 
encouragement. I used to watch her play tennis with 

64 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Vineeta Khanna every evening, as I used to go for tennis 
practice. Every so often the ball would go to the other court 
and we would flash friendly smiles. But so far there was 
still no encouragement or follow up from my side. 

I went and gave my name for college mixed doubles 
tournament. Partners were picked by drawing lots. As luck 
would have it, I got picked as Anita Singh’s mixed doubles 
partner. We cruised through earlier rounds. We would just 
stick to the business of playing. At most we would shake 
hands at the end of the match before parting. That shaking 
of hands was also just a formal brushing of our finger tips. 

However in the Finals, we had to confront the top seed 
Vineeta Khanna partnering Ranvir Baxi. No bookie would 
have given us a dog’s chance. They were both University 
Team players. 

Ranvir was the kind of a guy who would want to touch a 
girl at slightest possible pretext. All through the match I 
could see him putting his arms around Vineeta, as if he was 
trying out some new game plan or strategy. For no reason at 
all he would go and clap his palm against hers. 

Did I have the decency to even give an encouraging pat on 
my partners back when she faulted or shake her hands when 
she scored an ace? No sir! If that was not asinine what 
would be? 

It was the deciding set. We were all holding our service 
games. The score was 4 serving 5. Vineeta was serving 

65 




RAJ DORÉ 

from the Deuce court to Anita at 30-30. As luck would have 
it she double faulted. 

At 30-40, she was going to be serving me at Ad court. That 
was a game-set-and-match point and most crucial for both 
sides. I saw Ranvir putting his arms around Vineeta in a 
conference in the middle of their court. I could pretty well 
guess what their strategy was going to be. Vineeta would 
serve from the leftmost corner of her court and serve to my 
backhand in a very wide angle. I would have no other 
alternative but to return it straight back to her, if I am able 
to return at all. Just at that moment Ranvir would move to 
the center of the net and smash my return right down the 
middle of our court. 

It was a pretty decent first serve from Vineeta. It had plenty 
of spin, what in Cricket would be called Off-break. It 
pitched on my line and went way away on the backhand 
side in a very wide angle. It also had plenty of power. I saw 
Ranvir moving to the center in a flash. I stepped my left 
foot back a little bit, turned my right shoulder and set the 
ball going straight down the side line between Ranvir and 
the post. It had topspin; it landed just on the corner of their 
base line and went over the side screen. Vineeta ran for her 
life to salvage the point, but of no avail. With that, all the 
people in the stands rose in a big applause. The tournament 
was over. 

I could see the ecstasy on the face of Anita Singh. I was the 
hero of the moment. If I had run up to her and held her 
close to me in a bear hug planting kisses all over her face, 
she would not have objected one bit. In fact, that is exactly 

66 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

what she wanted me to do very ardently with quivering lips, 
flushed face and shivering body. 

Did I do that? Oh No. We Rhett Butlers do not do such 
things! “Frankly My Deah! What a priceless ass I had 
been!” 

After giving away of trophies, there was a little party. We 
were playing ‘Antakshari’. Anita started with the Sher: 

“Mera Janaza jab nikla, 
Yeh nikla, Woh nikla, 
Phir Sara Jahan nikla, 
Lekin, Woh nahin nikla, 
Jiske liye mera dam nikla” 


This translates into English something like: 

“When my bier was lifted and funeral started, 
Just one mourner came out, 
Then some more came out, 
Slowly the whole neighborhood came out, 
And the whole world came out. 
Alas! If only that one person would have come out, 
For whom my last sigh had come out!” 


Was she trying to tell me something? I was just standing 
there grinning like a fool with cold feet. 

That was it. After that Anita Singh flew out of my radar 
screen forever. Last I heard, she was somewhere on the 

67 




RAJ DORÉ 

West Coast married to a Stanford Professor and was rearing 
his children. 

If you do not roll the dice, your probability of failure is 
hundred percent. You live through your life with a rotten 
feeling of not having had the guts even to have tried. That 
could be worse than having tried and been spurned. 

I was driving, while musing all these past thoughts, as miles 
and miles of highway were rolling away. Archana had 
reclined her seat and was snoozing. 

Around 5:30 in the evening I finally pulled into the covered 
parking space outside my apartment. It was called “Players 
Club” apartment complex at Tournament Drive. There were 
some 10 buildings each with 6 apartments. Mine was at the 
ground floor. I had leased mine furnished since there was 
no point in buying or transporting furniture from Dallas, for 
this temporary stay. 

My apartment had 2 bedrooms, each with attached 
bathroom, a living room and a kitchen. There was a bar 
island, separating kitchen from the dining area of the living 
room. It was fully equipped with TV, microwave oven and 
kitchen range. I had got a telephone connection installed as 
well. 

I opened the door and let her in first. I asked her to feel 
totally at home and showed her into the 2nd bedroom. I 
asked her to dig into the dresser and pick up whatever 
clothes she liked. Seema always had a set of her clothes, 
shoes etc for her visits. 

68 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

I suggested ordering pizza for delivery. We could eat and 
retire early, as we both had had grueling couple of days. I 
asked her if she had any preference for topping on the pizza. 
She said, she would eat whatever I would like to have. 

There was no message from Seema in response to mine 
informing of our plane mishap. She was either not there in 
Dallas or did not care. 

After ordering pizza, I grabbed a couple of beers from the 
fridge and turned on hot water in my bathtub. Removing my 
shoes, I lay flat on my bed, staring at the ceiling with my 
brain going blank. I closed my eyes and tried to renew my 
nerves. I heard some foot steps in the kitchen and then in 
the other room. After a while I also heard water running 
into the tub at her bathroom. I doffed off all clothes and slid 
into the bathtub squeezing the top from a beer bottle. As I 
started gulping the first draft of beer, it felt really good. 

As I was drying my hair, I heard the pizza man knocking on 
the door. I changed, came back and sat at the middle of the 
sofa with arms stretched on both sides. It had started getting 
dark. There was only whatever light was coming from the 
TV. After some time she went to the fridge, poured herself 
a glass of wine and came toward the sofa. My arms were 
still extended on both sides. She sat close to me nestling 
between my armpits and chest. Her hair was brushing 
against my cheeks smelling of shampoo. She was again 
wearing that long T-shirt from Arkansas. 

69 




RAJ DORÉ 

We extended our legs and rested them on the coffee table in 
front. We had put off getting physical long enough. We 
both wanted it very much to soothe our shaken emotional 
and physical condition. Neither of us wanted to resist it any 
more. It was not sexual per se but a feeling of intimacy and 
coziness that we sought so badly. 

We ate a few slices and finished our drinks. I turned off the 
TV and just sat like that for a while. In a few minutes, I 
could see that she had fallen asleep in my arms, like a baby. 
I lifted her and put her in her bed. Tucked her nicely in her 
sheets and turned off the lights. 

I was sleeping in my bed soundly by 9:00PM. 

70 




CHAPTER 7 

Early in the morning I felt that she had quietly slipped into 
my sheets. I turned and put my arms around her. We kissed 
most passionately for several moments. Then she whispered 
into my ears, “I know what you want. I want the same too. 
But please be patient with me. Let us take it slowly, very 
slowly.” We lay cuddling under the sheets like that for quite 
a while. We wanted our feelings to take over and do 
whatever came naturally to us. Our reservations and 
inhibitions were slowly breaking down. Our feelings were 
thawing. But we did not want to hurry such a surreal and 
ethereal gliding into the sublime. We wanted to savor it 
ever so slowly. 

I wanted her to stay on and asked how long more could she 
stay. She wanted to go to New Jersey, take care of her 

71 




RAJ DORÉ 

affairs and return in a day. That made sense. I told her, I had 
to get ready and go to work that day, especially due to the 
important meeting in the morning. We decided that I would 
take her to the airport on my way to work. She was going to 
call her aunt, make sure they would be there to receive her. 

On the way to the airport I told her of our Office Outing 
that was planned for the coming Saturday. It was going to 
be a Charity Golf Tournament followed by a poolside 
barbecue party. I asked her if she would be able to join me. 
She gleefully said that should be great fun, but how was I 
going to explain her to my colleagues? 

“They have not met Seema and I could always say you are 
my ‘cousin’ from back home, if they do insist on knowing”, 
I replied. She laughed. 

The following day there was a letter from Seema. She had 
written it from Seatle. Her folks were pressuring her. They 
were insisting that we move to Seattle and live with them. If 
that were not acceptable to me, she would have to seek 
Separation from the Court. She needed my decision as soon 
as possible. I was outraged. In all this, Seema herself had no 
brains or guts to take a stand. I knew this coming. But I was 
not quite sure, it was going to be so soon and in this 
manner. 

I sat down and tried to gain my composure. I had to think of 
Munni as well. Then I wrote to her a response saying that I 
could not just throw everything over-board and come over 
to Seattle. I still had my current contract that I had to fulfill. 
Besides I needed to find a job in Seattle first, before quitting 

72 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

what I had worked on all my life. So we have to take this 
slowly. If and when I do find a job in Seattle, I would not 
mind moving. But for the present, we have to continue like 
it is now. After printing the letter from the word processor, I 
kept one copy and stuffed another one into an envelope to 
mail. 

I was quite sure all this reasoning would not get into their 
hot heads. They were quite sure the whole Universe had to 
revolve around their ill-gotten wealth. 

I left work early on Friday and was at the receiving lounge 
when the flight from New Jersey arrived. She was one of 
the early ones to come out of the gangway. Quite 
involuntarily we were in a very close embrace. Holding 
hands, we walked up to the baggage area. She had come 
with a sizable suitcase. Obviously now she was well 
equipped in all areas. 

It was still quite early in the evening, I suggested that we 
stop by at my usual Grocery store on the way and finish our 
weekly grocery. After all she wanted to spend time like any 
other ordinary person, did she not? She needs to know how 
grocery, laundry and other day to day chores are done in 
this American Life. 

She was very enthusiastic as we were pushing the grocery 
cart down the aisles. There were several other customers 
that had their stares fixed on her face, exchanging 
pleasantries as we passed them. None of them had the 
foggiest idea, who she was. They were just captivated by 
her most beautiful looks. 

73 




RAJ DORÉ 

We were stopping at various shelves, as I was trying to 
explain to her different items and how they could be used. 
She had been familiar with many of the things from her 
previous visits to the U.S., but never had to do these things 
all on her own. We almost had quite a good idea of what we 
are going to be having for breakfast, lunch and dinner for 
the whole of the coming week. As we passed by, we also 
briefly stopped at one shelf and flipped a carton of 
prophylactics into the cart. 

We pulled into the carport of my apartment-complex close 
to the entrance of my apartment. I opened the trunk of the 
car and started rolling her suitcase toward my apartment. I 
let her enter first. She had brought a bottle of wine in a gift 
bag that she laid on the dining table. As I closed the door 
behind after getting in, I asked her if she was thirsty and 
needed anything to drink. 

She threw her shoes and other things off one by one. Then 
clung to me close and said, ‘Right now I am all thirsty for 
you and you alone’. 

We rolled over into my bed and covered ourselves with 
sheets and only the sheets. I have never made love like that 
even in my imagination. I could not just believe I was really 
doing all this in reality. 

After a while, we needed something to eat for dinner. While 
all those things we had bought were still in the fridge, 
neither of us had the patience to even microwave a frozen 

74 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

dinner. Besides we wanted to do something out of the 
ordinary. 

I suggested Chinese. She agreed saying ‘Fantastic!’ We 
called a neighborhood restaurant and ordered for pick up 
within 15 minutes. But of course, we could not go out like 
the way we were! We wrapped ourselves into just our 
raincoats and got into the car. The packages were ready at 
the pick-up drive-in window. 

We made some more love and fell asleep in each other’s 
arms. Every so often during the night, I felt her cheek 
buried on my chest. 

As I was still pondering whether or not to get up from bed, 
next morning, I could get an aroma of fresh brewed coffee. 
She had got up much earlier and even gone for a jog. She 
had her white golf shirt, shorts, and sweatband on the 
forehead and tennis shoes on. There were small drops of 
sweat running down her eye-browse on to her cheeks. She 
was gulping a glass of orange juice. A picture of a perfect 
health-nut. 

We were due at the Golf tournament at 10 O’ clock. That 
gave us a good couple of hours to breakfast and get ready. I 
popped a few toasts in the toaster. What she attempted as an 
omelet ended up being fairly well made pairs of scrambled 
eggs. It tasted good, who cared about the shape? They all 
end up looking the same after you have swallowed them, 
don’t they? 

75 




RAJ DORÉ 

This whole thing was just too good to be true. Only one 
question kept coming to my mind. 

Why me? She must be having any number of men that 
would do anything to have a time like this with her. This 
includes men in the U.S., much better off than me. Beauty 
Queens, Models and Movie Stars have moved from 
Bollywood to these shores hitched to some very wealthy 
NRIs, haven’t they? By American standards I am not even 
in the same league as those. Then, why me? What happens 
next? She will just disappear from my life like it never 
happened. 

I mustered enough courage to ask her this, as we were 
racing down the Riverside Drive toward the Raleigh 
Country Club. The flora in the whereabouts of Raleigh is 
most fascinating. There are thick pine forests and you 
cannot see more than 10 feet away on the sides of the road. 
The two-lane highway winds around on hilly terrain and 
even in the early part of the day it is quite dark due to thick 
foliage. It gives very cozy and sometimes even eerie 
feelings. 

She started responding to me slowly. 

“Yes you are right about other men wanting a piece of my 
life. But it is one thing to be considered as yet another 
‘Trophy’ and quite another to be treated with sincerity, 
dignity and self-respect as a person. 

“As a matter of fact in many ways the NRIs in this country 
are even worse than the fellows back home. There are 

76 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

plenty of these nouveau riche. All they have is money, no 
culture, good taste, education or upbringing. 

“Or else there are those Ivy League types that are full of 
rotten attitude and arrogance. 

“All these guys get treated shabbily by the local Anglos and 
that gets reflected on their behavior toward their brethren 
from back home. Since they cannot take it out on anybody 
else they do it toward their ‘Country Cousins’ coming from 
there. It is not very often that I find someone with kindness, 
sincerity and honesty like you. 

“I am sick and tired of all that meaningless chatter from 
very shallow fools, whose only brains are hanging between 
their legs. 

“It is not easy being a good actress. Day in and day out, I 
have to live every possible human emotion like pain, joy, 
love and shock. For every scene of death I have to really 
feel like what would it be to die. Most people die only once. 
I have to do that several times over. I have to feel and live 
every role that I have to play. On top of all this I have to 
suffer phony characters all around me in a world of 
illusions. 

“It is so refreshing for me to come out of that transparent 
bubble and breathe fresh air. 

“I come from a very ordinary close knit family. All this 
glitter and glamour feels good for some time. But 
afterwards, it starts choking me. I like to come back and 

77 




RAJ DORÉ 

find my original little girl from a middle class family. If I 
clamor for a little bit of real love and honest understanding, 
is it too much I am asking? 

“I realize this may or may not last for ever. But then it is not 
every day that I have a close shave with death and total 
indignity. I want to enjoy every bit of what I have now and 
stop worrying about tomorrow. 

“I have asked my folks in Bombay to let me alone for 
another 10 days. They only have my aunt’s contact, if they 
wish to get in touch with me. I will be contacting her once 
in a while to see how things are. 

“I know what you are thinking. I am not here with you out 
of just gratefulness. I really and truly love being with you, 
every moment of it. I will probably cherish it all my life. 

“You are married with a child. I do not wish to break up 
your marriage or jeopardize your family. As a matter of fact 
I would do all I can to help you as a friend. I am willing to 
accept you just as you are without making any demands. 
Can you not give me some small space in your life?” 

I listened to her quietly, without interrupting. She made a 
lot of sense. I was amazed at her intelligence, honesty and 
perspicacity. She was not just a Barbie Doll. I needed some 
time to digest all what she said and work on a reaction. I 
changed the subject to something more mundane. 

“Will you please pull my briefcase from the back seat? I 
have an extra pair of keys to the apartment, that I would like 

78 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

for you to have. Also one more thing, please do not pick up 
the phone when it rings. Let it go to the answering machine, 
all the time. You can of course use the phone for making 
outgoing calls. I am not sure if you like to stay in touch with 
outside world on Email. If you do, you can also use the PC 
in my bedroom, any time you feel like.” I told her. 

“I quite see your point. Thanks for being so understanding”. 
On my part, it sizably bolstered my ego, individuality and 
self-perspective. My self-respect had been mauled and 
marauded by Seema and her family in the past few years. 

We parked at the Country Club parking lot and walked into 
the Club-House. Don Wilsner and his wife Pat were already 
there. After some speech making we started on an 18-hole 
Golfing spree. We two started off in one cart following Don 
and Pat in another. We four were one team. 

None of us was very good at golfing but the whole 
environment was just blissful. The whole setting was most 
picturesque. The Greens were like carpets laid all around. 
The different colors of foliage and small lakes made it look 
like a picture post-card. With cool breeze blowing on our 
faces and such a most beautiful woman on my side, would 
Heavens be any different? 

More than me I could see a total change in her demeanor. It 
was as if she had suddenly turned into a teen-age schoolgirl. 
She was laughing and giggling all the time, even at my Poor 
Jokes. We had some fruit punch and snacks to nibble along 
on the cart. 

79 




RAJ DORÉ 

We finished the golfing game by about 1:30PM and 
gathered for some barbecue and beer around the swimming 
pool. We were invited to get into the water, but we had not 
brought our swimming attire. She was getting some 
firsthand experience of Country Music once again. Some of 
them were dancing on the floor, as we were sucking on 
some chicken legs smeared with barbecue sauce. 

When lunch got over, we walked down to a lonely spot in 
the garden and spread a large bed sheet that we had brought. 
The weather was balmy with clear blue skies. We lay under 
the tree holding hands as cool breeze was brushing past our 
faces. After about half an hour, we heard our names being 
called for a tug-of-war competition between two teams. She 
was holding on to me tight by the waist as I was pulling on 
the rope. 

As we finally bid good byes and got into our cars, it was a 
little before sunset. We were somewhat exhausted and 
swarthy with sweat and grime of having stayed outdoors all 
day. I asked her if she would like to get into the swimming 
pool and whirlpool at the apartment complex. She said she 
wanted to very much, but she had not brought her 
swimming suit with her clothing from home. On a little bit 
of persuasion, she agreed that we go to a shopping mall on 
the way and buy one of her size. 

We walked into the Ladies section of Sears and started 
browsing at the different swimming suits hanging from the 
rack. She picked a few. I looked around and finding no one 
even bothered, I went into the closet with her as she tried 
them on. We drew the curtain and she started disrobing. 

80 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Huddled so close to her in such a place made it thrilling. 
After trying out several, we finally picked one that was a 
flowery two-piece kind. She looked most gorgeous in them. 
I could see the excitement on her face as she saw me 
admiring her in that bikini. After charging it at the cashiers, 
we came back to the car with the package. 

As we got out of the car at the Apartment Complex and 
started going toward our apartment, I saw her jumping and 
playing hopscotch at the pavement on the way. I was so 
happy and excited to see her doing that. I was certain she 
could not have done that, where she lived in Bombay. 

At the apartment we changed, picked up a couple of towels, 
a couple of glasses and chilled bottle of champagne heading 
toward the poolside. We were shifting between swimming 
pool and the hot tub whirlpool, back and forth. She would 
sit across from me in the whirlpool resting her feet on my 
lap as I slowly rubbed my palm under her feet giving a foot 
massage. 

Once suddenly, as if out of a reverie, she asked me if we 
could have very personal email addresses with password to 
exchange private messages, even after she returned to India. 
I was quite surprised and pleased. I responded with ‘Of 
course’. 

When I came back from work on Monday, I found the 
apartment cleaned and well organized. My desk with all 
those letters and papers strewn around, was now well and 
properly stacked. Seema’s letter and my response was 
neatly kept together in my writing pad. She might have read 

81 




RAJ DORÉ 

them, I thought. I had nothing to hide from her. It was nice 
to have a woman at home who cared. 

Next few days rolled off with very little outside activities. I 
would come home from work and take her to my Health 
Club. There we would do our aerobics and work out a good 
sweat. We rented bicycles and went cycling through some 
wooded trails around the neighborhood. She had got quite 
familiar with my kitchen. Together we would get a fairly 
decent dinner ready. 

She had her booking made on a direct British Airways flight 
from Raleigh to Gatwick for Sunday morning. After a few 
hours of stopover she had to take another British Airways 
flight from Heathrow to Bombay. 

We spent the last day taking it very slowly and easy. We 
just wanted to spend the day basking in the warmth of each 
other’s company and unbridled passion. So we did. We 
went jogging in the morning. Then played a few sets of 
tennis. Having worked out a good sweat and appetite, later 
we soaked in the pool with chilled beer, barbecue and jazz 
music playing softly. That was enough for us to come back 
to bed for a siesta in satin sheets. 

All great things have to come to an end. This one had to 
too. We had known that from the beginning. But when the 
time came for it to happen, it was painful. I would be lying 
if I told you that it was not. I could see that on her face as 
well. 

82 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

We were putting off talking about what was going to be 
next in our lives with each other. Do we just part and never 
look back? Or do we give up other commitments in our 
lives to live together? Neither alternative seemed pleasing 
or practical. Neither of us wanted to make any demands on 
the other. Nor bind ourselves with promises or 
commitments, which we could not have kept. Yet we 
wanted to stay together longer and longer. It was too 
emotional to be put in words. 

Finally we did agree on some things. We would not demand 
anything from each other by way of giving up any other 
relationships or commitments. Wherever we are and in 
whatever condition, we would accept each other, staying in 
touch. There was no name or label to our relationship. 
Neither of us needs to give apologies or explanations to any 
one. We would under all circumstances meet at least once 
in a year on this day to celebrate the anniversary of our new 
lives. 

I was pulling her luggage on its roller with one hand and 
holding her hand with the other. She checked in at the 
counter. 

Before going through the gate, she turned and came back 
running. We clung to each other as tight as we could. As the 
sound system started blaring ‘last and final call for 
boarding’, we slowly and reluctantly released each other. 

After a few minutes, all I could see was a shiny aluminum 
blurb slowly vanishing up into the skies. My Dream had put 
on wings. And it flew away into the clouds. 

83 




 

CHAPTER 8 

The previous week had just flown past like a dream. I still 
could not believe it had really happened. The whole of 
Monday was taken by meetings and phone calls. 

When I came home there was another letter from Seema in 
response to mine. They insisted that I come down to Seattle 
first and then start looking for a job from there. They were 
quite tired of my delaying tactics. It was now or never. 
They wanted to know my decision before the end of the 
month, before they approach an attorney. That was enough 
aggravation for me to take a few things and throw on the 
wall. I kept the letter in rest of the pile. I will think about it 
later. 

85 




RAJ DORÉ 

The workweek was very hectic as the day approached for 
finalization of the project. I wanted keep myself totally 
drowned in work so I don’t have to think about my personal 
life’s two contrary forces pulling me in different directions. 

As I came to work on Tuesday morning, I got a call from 
Don Wilsner ‘s secretary. Don wanted me for a one on one 
meeting. When your boss calls you for a meeting suddenly 
like this, it is either a good or bad news. I had no 
foreboding, as to what this one was going to be. 

We started off by commenting on the weather and how 
badly the Dallas Cowboys had done in Monday Night 
Football. Having cleared this routine, I was impatient to get 
down to the real purpose of this encounter. 

I felt like yelling at him, “Spill it out Don. How are you 
going to call firing me? ‘Strategic Restructuring’ or 
‘Corporate Policy Redefinition’ or some other nonsense 
straight from Harvard Business School? Everybody knows 
how to cover his own bottom before taking care of 
Corporate Bottom Line. I am sure you have done yours too. 
All this applies only to menials like me. Whatever you call 
it, Firing is a Firing. Shoot!” 

However I kept quiet, letting him broach the subject. After 
all it was on his behest that we were having this meeting. 
He flicked a few imaginary specks of dust from his coat 
lapel. Then he slowly pulled out his spectacles and even 
more slowly pulled out a white handkerchief from his 
trouser pocket. Then with great care started polishing the 
glasses. All this was a sure sign of dark clouds coming 

86 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

down with thunder and downpour, a proverbial ‘calm 
before the storm’. Then he started to speak. 

The upper management had told him that the Company was 
acquiring a new power plant near Bombay, India. With that 
there would be a need for somebody to organize their data-
processing division there. He could think of nobody that he 
could trust more than me, at this distance. He wanted to 
know if I would consider taking that job. I would be 
stationed in Raleigh. I would still be reporting to him. That 
entailed frequent travelling between Raleigh and Bombay. 
It also meant I would have to move from Dallas to here. He 
said I could take as much time as I needed to think it over 
and also to consult with Seema. 

I was quite taken aback and overwhelmed. It was such an 
anti-climax to what I had marshaled all my defenses for. I 
shook his hands, thanked him with a big grin and came back 
to my seat. It was too much too quick for me to digest. 

A week later, I got a call from a Northern Electronics in 
Seattle. Their management team was scouring for a new 
Manager to head their Research and Development division. 
Research Triangle Park near here was a hub of hi-tech 
industry. There were several candidates from there that they 
were interested in interviewing. Instead of flying them all to 
Seattle, their panel had planned an Interviewing Center in 
Raleigh for candidates in and around this area, They had 
heard about me and wanted to know if I would be interested 
in that position. 

87 




RAJ DORÉ 

Within the next 5 days their panel arrived in Raleigh and we 
had a daylong interview at the Hilton. Theirs was a 
company in existence for about 5 years and the current head 
of the R&D division was due to retire in a couple of 
months. They had some very ambitious expansion plans 
with fresh finances being pumped into the company from 
abroad. I would be located in Seattle with some light travel 
nationally and internationally. 

After the interview was over, I thought I had done pretty 
well for myself. They promised to review all the candidates 
and let me know of their choice in the middle of the 
following week. This seemed like a pretty good chance for 
me to put my family life back together. 

I took my flight to Dallas that weekend. Since Seema was 
still in Seattle, I took the airport Shuttle Service to get home 
from the airport. There was a big pile of mail on the floor, 
dropped through the mail slot. I collected them all into a 
plastic trash bag. I would sort them out later into good, bad, 
junk and super-junk categories. 

I tapped on the telephone answering machine to retrieve 
messages. 

I was surprised to hear a voice calling himself Sanjay. He 
had called from Portland, Oregon, the day I had left for 
Raleigh. He was pleading with Seema to come and meet 
him at Seattle. It seemed to me from his talk that he had 
been calling and talking to Seema for several months now. 
But this time she had forgotten to erase the message. 

88 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Then there was still my unretrieved message informing that 
I had escaped being killed in that fatal air-crash. 

I took my flight from Dallas to Raleigh on Sunday as usual. 
There was the Wall Street Journal in the pouch in front of 
me. Just to keep myself engaged, I pulled it out and started 
browsing. There was one news item that caught my 
attention. 

It was about Northern Electronics of Seattle. It said there 
was an unknown film personality from Bombay, India who 
had shown keen interest on buying majority stock holding 
in this company. With infusion of such large capital, this 
company was predicted by the financial analysts to do 
extremely well. It continued further, by saying that this 
Investor made the financing conditional to the company 
restructuring its R&D division by hiring a younger and 
more energetic manager. However there was no mention of 
who this ‘film personality’ Investor might be. I could only 
make a very well educated guess. 

After a couple of days, I got another phone call from the 
CEO of Northern Electronics of Seattle. Their Board had 
approved my appointment. They wanted me to come 
aboard, as soon as I could get away from the present 
contract. They wanted to know my joining date. 

I wanted to sleep over the whole matter. There were too 
many decisions and choices to be made. Each one would 
have far reaching effects. Each course of action would lead 
my further life in an entirely different direction. 

89 




RAJ DORÉ 

It was obvious to me that Archana had read my 
correspondence with Seema while rearranging my room. 
She realized that she could help save my marriage by 
arranging a job in Seattle. But I loathed this whole idea of 
others manipulating my life and taking any help from this 
Benefactor from Bombay. I did not like the idea of going to 
Seattle even otherwise, especially after knowing what 
Seema had been up to. 

I called Northern Electronics and told them I was unable to 
accept their offer and move to Seattle. 

Next morning I called Don and told him I was willing to 
take him on his offer. That was by far the best choice I 
could have made from both personal and career objectives. 
This was a job that I had got on my own merits. I could still 
keep my ego and self-respect intact in every way. In terms 
of the two ladies in my life, I could look at my face in the 
mirror next morning not feeling rotten about myself. 

I came to my apartment from work. I wrote to Seema saying 
that I had accepted this new job offer in Raleigh and it is 
entirely up to her if she wishes to get a Separation from the 
Court. I further told her, if she did, I was sure to fight for 
Munni’s custody. It was plain to me that she had written 
that ultimatum under the tutoring of her mother. My 
defiance might have surprised her parents. But with 
whatever little brains or guts she had, Seema would not 
have expected or wanted me moving to Seattle. But that 
was a choice they had made. Ball was now in their court. 

90 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Having changed into my swimming trunks, I headed to the 
swimming pool and dove into that crystal clear cool water. 
It gave my head much needed cooling off. 

Before turning in that night, I checked my Email. There was 
an electronic Thank You card, signed ‘yours Archana’. 

THE END 

91 




 

COMING TO AMERICA 



93 




 

On the 9th of October 1977 I departed New Delhi for 
moving to the United States. On the 13th of October 2000, I 
completed 23 years since arriving here. 

My stint at spending some months in Europe a few years 
earlier made my transition to the ‘American Way’ of life 
somewhat less of a ‘Culture Shock’. Still quite a few things 
seemed strange. 

My host at that time watching a Baseball game on the TV 
told me with great excitement, that it was the ‘World 
Series’ going on, expecting me to share that ecstasy. That 
was a game being played between a Club in one part of the 
country with another Club a few hundred miles away. I told 
myself if that is your “World”, I must be an alien from outer 
galaxy! This month, ‘World Series’ is being played between 
2 Clubs in same city called ‘New York City’. If ‘Shivaji 
Park Cricket Club’ should play the ‘Bombay Gymkhana’, 
would you call it the World Cup? 

95 



RAJ DORÉ 

But such questions don’t occur to me any more. 23 years 
have taken their toll on softening my attitude. 

I had some adjusting to do before I got used to the 
American way of calling people. In the British way that we 
are taught in India, everybody is either your superior or 
inferior so need to be called by Surname with a Mr. or Mrs. 
or Miss as a prefix. 

Here everybody is called by his or her first name by default 
preferably by the nickname. Even your boss will call you by 
your nickname, put his arm around your shoulders with a 
grin, before firing you and saying ‘it is nothing personal, 
just a downsizing in our effort to please the Wall Street’. He 
may even ask you for some leads for his own job hunting 
efforts if I had found one for myself. 

That was a far cry from the Gestapo techniques of German 
companies I had worked for before coming here. 

It also took me some time to get used to the etiquette, lingo, 
spellings, pronunciations and expressions. I had to unlearn 
quite a bit of my Indo-British ways and relearn the new 
way, consciously or sub-consciously. It is quite possible I 
might have fallen somewhere in between making this 
Trapeze jump. 

Take for example those words that have special 
connotations, American style. A ‘guy’ does not necessarily 
mean a male homo-sapien. It could be female or even a 
material or abstract entity. Then ‘bitching’ does not mean a 
female canine that trades carnal pleasure for monetary gain. 

96 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

It is a behavior that is preponderantly stubborn, 
unreasonable, bad tempered and nasty as displayed by any 
person of either gender or a thing. 

I wondered why do I have to smile and say hello (preferably 
by name) whenever I cross somebody on the street or 
hallways even when I don’t know that person from Adam? 
Now that comes to me quite involuntarily. 

Then there are of course the unmentionable bathroom 
manners of using toilet bowl and toilet paper! The light 
switches work differently here. You push them up instead 
of down when you want to turn anything on. The traffic 
moves on the ‘wrong’ side of the road. People still measure 
in miles, pounds and Fahrenheit. These are of course minor 
trivialities. 

I still don’t feel quite comfortable wearing baseball cap in 
reverse gear or sneakers with my trousers. 

When I watched the American Football, I had a hard time 
figuring out why in the heck so many fellows were fighting 
with each other at different parts of the field when the ball 
was at quite a different spot altogether? It takes a winning 
home team to turn you into a fan of the game. I am now a 
fan of the Dallas Cowboys, even though they have not done 
much of winning in the last couple of Seasons. The Stars 
and the Mavericks follow closely. 

My first job was as an Encyclopedia Salesman at a cold and 
dry West Texas little town called Odessa. I was walking 
down a neighborhood with my African-American (you are 

97 




RAJ DORÉ 

not supposed to say ‘Black’), boss. A cop pulled us up and 
asked for our IDs. 

I found that quite unpalatable in the “Land of the Free”! 
The ID had to be something credible like a Driver’s 
License. 

Later my partner explained to me that it was a kind of 
‘crime prevention’ effort! People in that neighborhood did 
not want some bums loitering without purpose. 

I quickly learnt that to be counted as a person, you had to 
have a Driver’s License—even if you do not drive a car. 

That job did not last very long since they wanted me to 
sustain myself on a commission and not a fixed salary. The 
next 18 months were like doing hard labor at a prison camp. 
I worked in a sweatshop at a wage of $1.10/hr. I could not 
be paid less since that was the minimum wage by law. Only 
two persons in that place spoke English and were legally 
allowed to work in the country, one was I and the other was 
the President of the company. I picked up a few sentences 
of Spanish from my ‘undocumented’ Mexican co-workers. 
One of which is ‘Mucho travacho, pokito Dinero’ meaning, 
‘too much work but too little money’. 

When they found out that I could read, write and count 10, 
they gave me the responsibility of Inventorying meat 
packages. At the end of the day when the stocks did not 
tally, my Supervisor told the President that I did not know 
how to count, while in actuality it was he that was stealing 

98 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

the stuff, giving to the women working for him in exchange 
of ‘special favors’. 

Whenever I asked my Supervisor for a raise, he would give 
me more hours of work at the same rate per hour. I was still 
able to balance my monthly budget and save $700 to buy a 
10-year old Toyota Corolla, which had some 100,000 miles 
on its odometer. All cash down. I had no idea why would 
people want to borrow money or have things called ‘credit 
cards’. I had been brought up with the credo that if I had the 
money; I could buy, if not go without it. I asked my 
neighbor to drive me to the Drivers License Department 
before I could take a Drivers test. I paid 45 cents per gallon 
of gas. 

Only in August 1979 I found a desk job and I moved to 
Dallas. I drove some 350 miles of dusty Texas road in my 
Toyota without A/C; windows rolled down and wind 
blowing through my hair, one Saturday afternoon for the 
job interview. Raj Kapoor could not have done it better on a 
camel back, singing “Mera Joota Hai Japani…”. I had all 
my Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees besides testimonials 
from 15 years of career, tucked under my armpit. My 
prospective employer asked me just one question. ‘Do you 
know how to type?’ I said ‘Yes’. I got hired. 

Dallas had one Indian restaurant. After finding about it in 
the Sunday newspaper, I drove several miles to hunt it out. 
They would serve Masala Dosa every Sunday morning. In 
all there were about a 1000 Indian families in a radius of 
about 50 miles. Once in a while there would be some 
performance of an Indian artist on a tour of the country. But 

99 




RAJ DORÉ 

Dallas was always an ‘also ran’ town where they would 
come only on a mid-week evening, on their way to some 
other Big City that got the ‘prime-time of the week’ spots 
like Saturday evenings. 

As I would drive on LBJ Freeway, I would wonder why in 
the heck they would want to have 3 lanes on both sides 
when there were hardly a handful of cars driving in either 
direction. 

It is amazing how things have changed now. Indian 
restaurants and grocery stores are mushrooming all over 
town. We have an ‘Udipi Café’ and a couple of restaurants 
serving authentic South Indian Shappadu, on plantain leaf. 

Being a center for Electronics and Software Industry 
besides having several schools and universities, you cannot 
pass a day without bumping into some Indian anywhere you 
go. 

We have a movie theatre that just shows Indian movies on 5 
screens everyday—in Hindi and regional languages as well. 

No month passes without any of this bigwig Show-people 
showing up with a blockbuster ‘Live-in-concerts’. 
Aishwarya Rai, Shahrukh Khan, Karishma Kapoor, Aamir 
Khan, Akshay Khanna, Shushmita Sen, you name it. They 
have all been in Dallas within the last one-year. These 
events get so crowded and expensive, it is much better to 
stay home and watch them on TV. That is back to Square 
One. 

100 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Like any normal Indian boy, I grew up developing a passion 
for cricket. Even as a pre-teenager, I used to bowl and bat 
on the dusty street in front of our house. When we could not 
get a real cricket ball, my friends and I used to play with 
tennis ball and any wooden stick for a bat. As I went to 
College I almost made it to my college team as an opening 
batsman and off-spin bowler. Some months ago here, my 
Pakistani neighbor who was another cricket maniac and I 
got into an argument with an American about the merits and 
demerits of cricket versus baseball. As you can imagine that 
was not a debate any one could go home with a win-win 
situation. 

I used to miss cricket so very much after coming here. But 
only cricket I could get was the one chirping in my 
fireplace! 

I have now 5 channels of Indian programming on my TV 
via satellite dish. Ajay Jadeja has been hosting a program 
called ‘Cricketer of the Millennium’ which I have been 
following keenly. He narrates and shows clips of some very 
fascinating personalities and events that I remember so well 
from past, when I used to follow the game with ears glued 
to the radio. CKNaidu, the 3 Vijays - Merchant, Hazare & 
Manjrekar. How can I forget that rainy English summer 
when Vinoo Mankad retrieved some of Indian pride at the 
Lord’s in 1952 after Alec Bedser and Freddie Truman gave 
the purge of 0 for 4 wickets at the Leeds? Or Eknath Solkar 
making that magnificent catch to get Wadekar and his team 
a victory at the Oval in 1970. Of course that new found 
‘Wunderkind’ Gavaskar on the Caribbean tour of 1971. 

101 




RAJ DORÉ 

We now have at least 5 different teams playing cricket in 
the Dallas/Fort Worth area. 

When you slice the trunk of an old tree across, you will see 
different layers of fringes of its bark, from its different 
stages of growth, the innermost being the oldest from its 
stage as a sapling. Human personality is very similar to that. 
Layers of different influences keep piling up on one’s 
psyche. I spent first 37 years of my life in India, in its 
different parts, that have had their influences on my 
personality. The next 23 years in the U.S. have their 
experiences overlaying that. But the influences at childhood 
and formative years are so much more powerful—one year 
of the childhood is not same as one year of adulthood. 

How much Indian and how much ‘American’ am I? I don’t 
know. 

I can still wear a dhoti, sit on the floor and swipe Rasamshadam 
running all over the plantain leaf. Then I also enjoy 
a cold mug of beer and a well-broiled Texas steak. I am still 
a Hindu and have delved quite deep into its beliefs, history, 
philosophy and theology. I understand the sentiments of 
performing Shraddham or Sandhyavandanam. But if I had 
not worked in a beef-packing factory, I would have starved 
to death. Wouldn’t my forefather Aryans that wandered the 
slopes of Himalayas chanting Rigveda, agree? They were 
hunting and gathering for surviving, is it not? 

Not everybody has same experiences or has to make same 
choices. Life is one long road strewn with conflicts to be 
resolved and compromises to be made. When I visit India I 

102 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

find many Indians trying to be more Americanized then I 
and be proud of it, while I try to be my original Indian self, 
expecting them to treat me as such. 

I come across numerous Indians here that try to insulate 
themselves into their own little cocoons trying to prevent 
outside winds of change blowing into their faces. Sooner or 
later one has to make a choice—how much blending of 2 
cultures is palatable? Even when we were growing up in 
northern or western parts of India, we were trying to 
preserve our Tamilian traditions as we knew it at home, 
while the Tamilian culture in the South was getting evolved 
differently. 

I was in Thailand some time ago. They took me about a 100 
miles from Bangkok to show their old capital city. It is 
called ‘Ayuthiya’ built by King Rama the IIIrd in the 18th 
Century AD. I wondered if BJP should not build Babri 
Masjid here and make everybody happy. 

There are people of Indian origin in Fiji, Guyana, Bali and 
several other places where they practice Hinduism as they 
brought and transplanted a few centuries ago. In many 
ways, their brand of Hinduism is more authentic than one in 
their homeland today. But then, the Good Lord had not yet 
created MTV and Internet at that time. 

Today Dallas/Fort Worth Metropolitan Complex 
(Metroplex for short) has grown far beyond I could have 
imagined when I first came here. LBJ Freeway is so 
congested at peak time that bumper to bumper traffic 
extends as far as eye could see. This gargantuan Leviathan 

103 




RAJ DORÉ 

is gobbling all neighboring little towns up into satellite 
suburbs. 

When I went for the interview to get the U.S. Citizenship, I 
was tested whether I had workable knowledge of English 
and Civics. The English part was easy enough. Then when 
the interviewer asked me questions on Civics it was 
interesting. 

By the way, I have a Master’s degree in Political Science 
from India. I had to study the Indian Constitution and its 
history in great details. I also had to study 5 other major 
political systems of the world namely British, American, 
Swiss, Soviet, Chinese and French. The Indian constitution 
itself is based on the British Parliamentary system and the 
American Federal system. Therefore I was very complacent 
and confident of facing the Civics questions of the 
interview. 

First she asked me to name the 2 Senators from Texas. I 
could muster the name of only one. She grinned and said 
that was fair enough. 

Then she asked me what were the first 10 amendments to 
the American Constitution called. I pondered for a while 
and said, ‘I guess they are called the First Ten 
Amendments’. Eureka, how could I go wrong on that? 

She laughed and said, ‘Smart, but there is a special name 
for that, what is it? Do you know?’ 

104 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

I was bowled over. I had not got the foggiest idea. I pleaded 
ignorance. 

She laughed again and said, ‘Shame on you. That is called 
the ‘Bill of Rights’”. 

I was thinking in terms of the Indian Constitution. ‘Bill of 
Rights’ is known in the Indian Constitution as the 
‘Fundamental Rights’. That is the very first provision of the 
constitution. 

“How could that be called an amendment? If that itself was 
an amendment what would be the constitution prior that?” I 
asked her. 

She laughed again and said she did not have the foggiest 
idea. She passed me on the test anyway. 

On the day I was sworn in as a U.S. citizen, I had mixed 
feelings. At the pit of my stomach I somehow felt I was 
betraying my country of birth. I am sure I was not the only 
person in that large hall feeling that way. There was this 
lady from the Immigration Service who gave us a very nice 
and soothing speech before we took our oaths. It may sound 
like a cliché but true. She said we should not think like we 
are losing a country but as gaining one. 

The U.S. allows dual citizenship. According to the U.S. 
Laws, once having acquired U.S. citizenship you may not 
regain it if you decide to renounce it. 

105 




RAJ DORÉ 

At that time India did not allow dual citizenship. Lately 
there has been a lot of talk of India allowing dual 
citizenship as well. 

This weekend I am going to cast my vote in the Elections. 
Who am I going to vote for the President? Ralph Nader 
sounds very good. But nobody will vote for him because 
nobody else will vote for him! Would I? Probably not. Then 
who do I prefer between Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee? 
Definitely not the one YOU think I am certain to vote for. 
When it is all over I can always pat the guy who wins on the 
back and say ‘you’re my kind’a guy’. Everybody loves a 
Winner. Don’t we all? Did you vote for Richard Nixon or 
PVNarasimha Rao? Nixon is a 4-letter plus 1 word, PV 
who? Do we know them? 

In all these 23 years I have come a long way, literally and 
metaphorically. I have all the clap-traps by which people 
measure a person’s success. I have earned Master’s 
Degrees. From minimum wage my annual income has 
grown to a 6-figure number. I own a 3-bedroom villa on a 
1-acre lot on the shores of Lake Lewisville. I drive a BMW. 
Like all this really matters. 

I have membership to Country Club and access to some 
very upscale social circles, nationally and internationally. I 
have friends from all national, ethnic and religious 
backgrounds, from both genders and all walks of life. I have 
visited the national capital and socially met Senators, 
Congressmen and officials of the Administration on one to 
one bases. They all have treated me with utmost friendliness 

106 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

and courtesy, heeding to my political, social and economic 
concerns. 

I really feel I have integrated well into the fabric of my 
adopted country. 

Now when I meet new entrants from outside especially 
India, I see in them the same enigma of attitudes as I had 23 
years ago. 

America as seen through the windows of Hollywood 
movies, glossy magazine pages and TV shows besides the 
ideological rhetoric of politicians, is quite different from 
what you see and feel when you come in contact with it in 
reality. 

A country is not in the skyscrapers, steel bridges, flashy 
cars, and highways with neon signs. It is in the flesh and 
blood of its people. To know the country you must know 
the people and speak their language. Knowing the language 
is not just to learn the vocabulary and grammar. It is being 
able to think like them. For that you need to get this whole 
thing called ‘culture’ into your psyche. 

I also still own an apartment in New Delhi. For the past 5 
years I have been visiting India once a year. I stay 
constantly in touch with my family and friends there. This 
has become especially easy with the advent of electronic 
communication. I run a monthly newsletter website on the 
Internet to keep all my family strewn across the Globe in 
touch. We are in constant touch on the e-mail. 

107 




RAJ DORÉ 

In my thinking and attitude, I am quite a queer combination 
of Indian and American cultures. I love them both. 

When I travel outside, whether nationally or internationally 
and come back here, I truly feel I am coming back home. 

I just try to be myself, as honest and truthful as I can muster 
to be and get away with. Twenty-three years is a long time. 
It is all still fresh in my memory. I have some very 
unpleasant and some very good experience. So it is in this 
whole world. Is it not? 

THE END 

108 




SOJOURN 



109 




RAJ DORÉ 


(All incidents mentioned in this narration are real. So are 
the characters. Do not try to look up these names in 
Telephone Directories. They are either not alive or you 
have only their first names here) 

As my flight was approaching to land at the New Delhi 
International Airport, my thoughts were wandering back to 
my childhood in a sweet little town Udaipur in the state of 
Rajasthan. 

110 




PART 1 

We lived in a villa on the banks of the Swaroop Sagar Lake, 
a villa that was the official residence of the Prime Minister 
of the local Kingdom before the princely monarchies were 
constitutionally abolished. The villa was several miles away 
from the main town and Sohan Singh our Chauffeur would 
drive me to and fro school. 

While driving back from school, he would let me sit by his 
side and steer the car, my legs would not reach the pedals 
on the floor. He would roll down the window on his side 
and take a few puffs. We had a perfect quid pro quo, I 
would tell nobody that he took puffs in the car in front of 
me and he would let me steer the car. Sooner or later my 
legs started growing and reaching the pedals. I even got my 
own driver’s license. 

111 




RAJ DORÉ 

That was a sad day for Sohan Singh, his puffing privileges 
were severely curtailed then on. In fact if Sohan Singh had 
his way, I would not have got my license for another few 
years. He disapproved of the way I negotiated curves. My 
acceleration and deceleration would curdle the blood of his 
‘driving guru’. If I kept shifting gears like that, the valves 
and cylinders of the car would be ruined in no time. As for 
parallel parking, I still got it all wrong by at least 10 
Degrees! But luck would have it otherwise. One day, while 
my mom was having a heated debate with Mrs. Sahi on a 
matter of earth shattering consequence, whether or not an 
extra dash of turmeric was really needed in the recipe they 
both had got from the Commissioner’s wife at the Field 
Club, I oiled my way talking Uncle Sahi, the District 
Superintendent of Police into agreeing getting me the 
license. 

Next day promptly an ‘Orderly’ rang our front door bell in 
his starched uniform, bearing in one hand, the results of 
Mrs. Sahi’s attempt at putting the recipe in a tangible 
tongue tingling form and an envelope of my Driver’s 
License in the other. Puff your lungs out Sohan Singh, now 
on I am on my own with the second car! 

The school itself was in the middle of a farm. If you looked 
out of the classroom window you could tell the season by 
the crop growing around you. Whenever we had a free 
period, we kids would run and sit by the well. Two 
blindfolded bulls would go round and round in circles 
drawing water from the well with a Persian Wheel and 
spilling it over a mud canal. I would spot a twig and follow 
it on the flowing water, recalling each of its stopping places 

112 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

with the ports of Marco Polo our teacher had just told us in 
the geography class. We could run into the fields and pick 
up fresh carrots or maize (corn?) to be roasted on charcoal, 
eaten with lime and salt or a stick of sugar cane to be 
squeezed into fresh juice. I tried so hard to make a mango 
out of wet mud ball, bake it and paint it for my class 
project; it would look anything but a mango. We would 
wait for the bell to ring on the final day of our Annual exam 
some time in April or May. We would hand over the answer 
sheets to the teacher and race out of the school like we were 
prisoners just reprieved by the President. Summer holidays! 

Oh how we longed for it from September on. Until the 
results were announced and grades came out, we could 
pretend as if we were the best students in the whole district 
and have fun without a care in the world. During the 
sizzling summer days one could barely head out during the 
day. Come evening, our retinue of servants would sprinkle 
water on the terrace and put rows of cots and beds out in the 
open for the whole family to sleep. With cool breeze 
blowing from Swaroop Sagar lake my dad would show us 
all the different planets and galaxies in clear blue skies; or 
before turning off the lights, he would read from Oliver 
Wendell Holmes, Dickens, Alexander Dumas or Jane 
Austen. Then there were the Uncles, Aunts and cousins 
from both branches of the genealogical tree, not to mention 
our own nieces and nephews. 

That was my idea of having ‘quality time’ with an 
‘extended family’. Dr. Richard Austin of Houston, a 
psychiatrist of sorts that Judge Robertson appointed, in my 
child visitation trial recently was explaining the idea of 

113 




RAJ DORÉ 

‘extended family’ to me. To him it meant ex-wives with 
their ex-husbands getting together trying hard not to fly at 
each other’s throat and pull each other’s hair for the sakes 
of their half and step children. My aunt would a fold paper 
several times and cut a figure from it, when she unfolded it 
there would be a bunch of figures all holding hands with 
each other, like Dr Austin’s ‘ex-’ tended family of 
copulating couples. He even charged me a fortune to 
explain how it worked. 

During Winter Holidays after I graduated from High 
School, my mom arranged for me to spend the vacation 
with my uncle Annaji in New Delhi. That was my first visit 
alone outside home and first visit to the Capital. New Delhi 
was still very much like Lutyens had designed and built for 
the British. Only the White Big Brass was replaced by 
Brown Big Brass, my uncle being one of them. He had a 
bungalow on 13 Roberts Road. 

Heck knows who this Roberts was, probably some English 
army man with walrus moustache, solar hat and khakis, that 
showed exemplary valor in the jungles of Burma (when no 
one was watching), laid his impotent boss’s horny wife, got 
this act of bravery mentioned in the dispatches ‘back home’. 
The new nationalist government would not have any of that 
nonsense. They promptly renamed the street as Teen Murti 
Marg, meaning the street with 3 statues! 

That change of name got a very safe passage through the 
Security Council of the United Nations. John Foster Dulles 
and Andrey Vyshinsky agreed on one thing after a very 
long time. The Arabs thought that it did not go far enough 

114 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

to denounce the Balfour Declaration, but was a good 
beginning. David Ben Gurion chuckled and ducked the 
issue, after all India was a signatory to the declaration 
creating Israel. Chiang-kai-Shek loudly applauded the move 
trying to win some friends in the newly emerging countries. 
The French sought further clarification. They wanted to 
know if one of the 3 statues was of Monsieur Dupleix. They 
were told that the 3 statues were those of the Unknown 
Indian Soldiers from the 3 Services. However there was a 
street close by that still retained the name of Monsieur 
Dupleix. They were not totally satisfied, they feared, what 
was the guarantee that some other Nationalist may not 
change that name also? Despite not being given any such 
assurance, the French finally decided to go along, quite 
reluctantly. Sir Anthony Eden maintained a stiff upper lip 
and directed the British Ambassador to the U.N., to abstain 
from voting. 

At the end of it all they all clinked champagne glasses 
toasting for World Peace, patted each other on the back and 
went home. 

The Defense Minister lived 2 houses down the road, and the 
very legendary Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru lived 
across the street. Our house had large sprawling lawns in 
the front and the back with red gravel driveway. Blooming 
bougainvillea adorning the front porch. Connaught Place, 
the main shopping area had elite shop windows where one 
would only gaze at the mannequins and not dare ask the 
prices. One could still buy imported liquors and perfumes if 
you could pay for them. You could dress very well and go 
strolling around in the evening and ogle at all the other well 

115 




RAJ DORÉ 

dressed women and girls. There was the Volga restaurant 
where you could have a rendezvous with the elite and peer 
out of the window at the flashing imported cars and neon 
signs. Any place farther than 8 or 10 miles from this place 
was oblivion. 

Back in Udaipur, what we thought would last forever, came 
to a sudden end one spring afternoon. 16 hours workdays 
without respite took its toll. The ticker could take it no 
more. Pulling a corporation from its morass into an 
undertaking of viability and respect had its price to pay. My 
dad suffered a heart attack while working in his office and 
collapsed. Our attempts to revive him with CPR were of no 
avail. 

Nearly half of the town or so it seemed, showed up for the 
funeral. People had the belief that being a pallbearer insured 
their own path to the ‘Hereafter’ safer. They would vie with 
each other for a chance. It took me several days even to let 
the facts of what had happened seep into my thoughts. 

The Banyan Tree had fallen and we suddenly found 
ourselves exposed to the whirlwinds of the real world. All 
this while we had been sheltered by him and had been very 
comfortable under his shadow. There was always the ‘Dad 
knows best’ attitude and complacency. Wherever we were 
or whatever we did, at the back of our mind we always felt 
we could fall back upon him to bale us out of any situation. 
Now there was a big vacuum and void that could not be 
filled. 

116 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

After the mourning period was over, the towns people 
decided to name a locality in the city as ‘Dore Nagar’, in 
memory of my dad. I left Udaipur for Bombay, looking for 
a job in the City of Opportunities. 

117 




 

PART 2 

Well my next visit to New Delhi was when my Managing 
Director of the German Company in Bombay, told me that 
there was too much sales talent concentrated in Bombay 
and he wanted me go take over the department in the New 
Delhi office. I had just arrived after a year’s stay in 
Germany and going around Europe, which is supposed to 
give one a ‘Perspective’, not an ‘Attitude’. 

I had lived in Bombay for 5 years prior to that and had got 
used to its pace and demeanor. Bombay is to New Delhi as 
New York City is to Washington DC. Tall buildings, stock-
exchange, lots of money, before shaking hands each tries to 
find out how much money can he squeeze out of the other’s 
palm. In contrast, one needs to know the Mechanics of how 
the shortest distance between two bureaucratic tables is not 
a straight line in this City of labyrinthine cobbled streets; 

119 




RAJ DORÉ 

you may think you have a lot of political clout and leverage 
because your second cousin is a Member of Parliament, 
little knowing that your rival’s wife screws the Cabinet 
Minister himself and volunteers for his Fund Raising 
Committee (sure enough she raises ‘fun’ for him and later 
his brats of indeterminable paternity). 

I met Anil at the Volga restaurant for coffee. I had known 
Anil for a few years in Bombay. We had last parted 
company about a year ago at a party there. Anil was going 
to UC Berkeley for a PhD in Structural Engineering. I was 
leaving for training in Germany. Girls had no hard time 
choosing between us. The good old U.S. of A was any day a 
greater bargain than a refurbished and retreaded Europe, 
what if he had a few extra pounds at the midriff? They all 
wanted him. However both of us returned to India. 

Connaught Place was still the center of action. Shop 
windows only displayed stuff made within the country. 
Gone were the flashy imported cars replaced by locally 
made ones; there were only 3 such models, though you had 
plenty of colors to choose from, unlike Model-T. There 
were also those ubiquitous auto-rickshaws and scooters 
alongside buses packed like a can of sardines spewing 
smoke like the Vesuvius. The outskirts of the city extended 
up to about 20 miles from Connaught Place (CP as it was 
affectionately called). Sidewalks did not have that smartly 
clad sauntering anglicized persona of elegance; there were 
those bunches of unwashed, un-scrubbed seekers of Nirvana 
on their way to Nepal, with odor that would send any police 
dog haywire. 

120 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

My one bedroom apartment or flat was about 10 miles from 
CP where my office was located. It was in the southern 
suburb of Green Park. South Delhi had the neighborhoods 
of people with discriminating tastes. Jor Bagh, Defence 
Colony and Chanakyapuri were out of the question; you 
could only live there if you were married to the daughter of 
Indian Ambassador to Brussels (or she would marry you 
only if you were one of those living there). Rest of New 
Delhi was very bourgeois. You could know all about micro 
and macro economic theories of class struggle between 
have’s and have-even-more’s at parties where you could be 
invited only if you belonged to the Inner Circle. Young men 
dressed in Levi’s jeans at the bottom and Indian colored 
Kurta at the top, with beard, smoking Havanas and holding 
a small peg of Chivas Regal on the rocks, would fling all 
the cliches and jargons. When cornered by sheer logic, they 
would immediately take shelter in a line, something like, 
‘what do you know, I got it all at Harvard or Yale’. Oxford 
and Cambridge were passe. London School of Economics 
still made the grade, just barely. Splitting the infinitive? 
May be, okay. When the music would start playing the 
Beatles or the Beegees, they would make a beeline to their 
equally well informed female counterparts, to try out the 
latest hip steps. 

I bought a 20-year-old Ford Zephyr for four thousand 
Rupees, from somebody who had been transferred out of 
town and was desperate to get rid of it. If I had done some 
background checking and known just how desperate he 
was, I could have brought down the price by half. It got the 
nickname of Old Faithful. Its color was an indescribable 
dirty green. She never let me down even though on some 

121 




RAJ DORÉ 

cold winter days she needed some extra persuasion to start 
early in the morning. It would take me a good 35 minutes to 
get to work. Getting into the flow of things, I had a house 
warming party at my apartment while my landlord was 
staying with his expectant daughter on the floor below. 
Instead of just warming the house, I found I had got it to a 
boiling point. We were doing the shrug/frug to the full 
blasting sounds from my stereo of ‘Let’s Forget Domani’. 
Sure enough Domani never came, instead came my landlord 
a minute before midnight. His daughter did not believe in 
induced labor. Would we keep the decibel level down or 
make arrangements to move elsewhere. In exactly a minute 
later he pulled the fuse off our mains. I gave it a serious 
thought and decided to move to a more salubrious 
neighborhood. 

Within walking distance from ‘CP’, I found a one room 
rental with a large terrace; in Manhattan it would be called a 
Penthouse, in simple Delhi lingo it is called Barsati, a room 
where people run for shelter if it starts raining in the middle 
of the night while sleeping on the terrace. My landlady was 
Mrs. Thukral staying on the ground floor. Between her and 
me there was one more floor having a cute friendly family. 
Jan was from Cologne and worked as a journalist at West 
German Embassy, his wife Afsal was from Hyderabad, with 
a Master’s in Social Sciences, taught in a school for the 
handicapped children, they had a little son Kai and a little 
girl Laila. This buffer between my landlady and my stereo 
sound should work out pretty well, I figured. I gave Mrs. 
Thukral all the deposits and advance rents she wanted and 
moved in. 

122 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Anil found a satisfactory job even though the salary was 
nowhere near what he could have got if he went back to 
America. I was getting settled in my job as well booking 
some nice juicy contracts from the Indian Railways. We 
developed a good size circle of friends of both genders. The 
term Yuppee had not yet been coined, but we were just that. 
After a party at my new apartment, my cousin Suguna told 
me that Ena liked Anil and if he would ask she would 
gladly go out with him. I passed this subtle message 
faithfully. Before you could spell Gunga Din, I got the news 
that they were engaged to be married. 

Udaipur was within my sales territory and I decided to 
make a pleasure cum business visit there. Sohan Singh 
came with a car to meet me at the airport. He had extra gray 
on the eyebrows and moustache alongside more lines of 
wrinkles on the sun baked cheeks. But he had the same 
proud eyes and almost paternal smile. I thought he would 
ask me if I ever got that parallel parking right. Instead he 
said they wanted me to come and lay a corner stone for a 
children’s park in Dore Nagar. Udaipur not only had an 
airport now but an extra railway station, a radio station and 
several industries. You did not have to go elsewhere 
looking for livelihood; you got it all here itself with the 
smoke and squalor as trimmings. Sohan Singh had with him 
his oldest son Devi Singh that worked in Zavar Mining 
Company. I gave them all a good hug. I reminded Devi 
Singh that he still owed me 5 marbles for beating him in a 
game of Gulli-danda. He smiled avoiding eye contact and 
said ‘of course’; meaning how could I argue with my 
master’s son, leave alone beat him in any game. They asked 
me, is it true that in big cities like Delhi they had big radios 

123 




RAJ DORÉ 

that showed cinema you could watch sitting in your own 
living room? 

New Delhi had 2 TV channels. One was boring and the 
other more so. The government in its own sanctimonious 
self righteous perception wanted to make TV not a medium 
for entertainment of urban elite but for social change 
especially of the rural masses. But the TV station was 
located in Delhi with a transmission radius of 30 miles 
within which the only mass rural or otherwise was that of 
the deadbeat politicians. Once a week there would be re-run 
of 15 year old Hindi movie and once a month a re-run of 30 
year old Hollywood movie, just to keep the thinking man on 
the streets of Delhi interested. 

One day I parked by 13 Teen Murti Marg and tried to take a 
peep into the gates. The Sentry told me that a Big Brown 
Big Brass lived there now. Ordinary Brown Big Brasses 
were so many in number that they had to be housed in high 
rise apartment complexes 20 miles away and transported by 
buses! Annaji had retired long since and was living with his 
son in Lucknow. He had chronic intestinal ailment. I asked 
him to come to New Delhi and look up some better doctors. 
After some pulling of political strings, he was admitted to 
the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, the foremost 
research institution in the country. He went into a coma. 
Every now and then he would come out of it and talk. That 
man had a memory that would make a super-computer wilt. 
Even in that state he could recall facts like he had it all in a 
compact disk drive between his temples. His CPU could put 
a Pentium processor to utter shame. All the test results 
showed no conclusive results on what ailed him. My mom 

124 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

was in town and I took her to visit him. She was just 1 day 
older to him and they had both been through a lot together. 
She bent and gave him a peck on the forehead. That was 
very touching. As you grow older and see your 
contemporaries leaving one by one, you feel lonely and 
forlorn wondering when will it be your turn. It was all over 
one day, as he started vomiting blood and never came back 
to consciousness. His body was brought to my apartment 
for some religious ceremonies before being taken to the 
cremation grounds. 

New Delhi was the oasis for my business principals 
travelling from Germany to Canton Fair or Hong Kong or 
Tokyo. They would stop over for a jet lag respite. Of course 
it did not hurt to go to Agra and take a picture in front of the 
Taj Mahal, you could put it all on your expense report 
anyway. End of November saw a swarm of these business 
travelers passing by here. Being the local representative of 
their business, I would keep them generally pleased. Even 
though it was not in my job description, doing a good work 
in this area helped a lot to further my career, like perfecting 
one’s golf swing while working for IBM. When my 
company car was not available, I would use my Old 
Faithful. Oberoi Intercontinental was brand-new and the 
only five-star hotel of international standards. They would 
all stay there in rooms on the upper floors overlooking 
green golf course with spick and span carpeted hallways 
whispering elevator music. They would drink Western 
wines, eat Western cuisine, hear Western music and talk 
how Western culture had bettered the lot of the world. They 
would of course have a picture of themselves taken in front 
of the Taj Mahal to show their friends back home that they 

125 




RAJ DORÉ 

‘did India’ in 2 days. One of them once took me aside and 
whispered, “Do you know? Taj Mahal was not built by 
Indians at all. It was built by Italians”. I said, “Yes of 
course, everybody knows that. It was built by the fully 
owned Italian subsidiary of Nippon Construction Co., of 
Osaka, Japan”. 

They all had standard questions for which I had standard 
responses. 

Question: “There are so many starving Indians and so many 
starving cows, why don’t one eat the other and be happy?” 

Response: “Because cows are very gentle and refuse to eat 
men and be happy”. 

Question: “What about your caste system? We in 
industrialized, democratic, free, 1st world countries have 
classless society of equal people”. 

Response: “I could say the same thing, but not with such a 
straight face. If you really believe that, buy my Old 
Faithful, she runs on colorless odorless free bovine 
excreta”. 

I was taken aside and told, “That fellow is the son-in-law of 
the Chairman of the Board, ear marked to inherit the 
Industrial Empire one day and you should not have been 
such a smart ass with him”. I said, “I rest my case on 
classless society”. 

126 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

However I must add this person with whom I had that smart 
chat became my very good friend and even now after nearly 
30 years we exchange Holiday Greeting cards. 

127 




 

PART 3 

The stewardess gently awakened me. She said we are going 
to be landing in New Delhi International Airport shortly and 
I should buckle my seat belts keeping the seat upright. I was 
shaken from my reverie back to reality. Here I was coming 
to New Delhi from Dallas, Texas after an absence of more 
than a couple of decades. 

Passing through Customs and Immigration was extremely 
smooth. This was the first time I was coming to India on a 

U.S. passport. I had to get a visa to enter the country. My 
emotions were too mixed up to grapple embarrassment. My 
brother had come to meet me at the airport with an air-
conditioned car. He let me use one room in his flat that he 
had got air-conditioned. He found on his last visit to 
129 




RAJ DORÉ 

Washington DC that people in America wanted everything 
air-conditioned. 

I had booked a rental car with Budget. After settling down, 
we got to their office and got the rental car. For $5 extra per 
day, I could also get a chauffeur. Having watched the Delhi 
traffic coming from the airport, I grabbed that deal. The car 
was of course air-conditioned. In India traffic is supposed to 
go on the left side of the read, one more inheritance of 
British individuality. But in reality one drives on either side. 
It is also survival of the fittest philosophy, you go left or 
right or sometimes up and down as well. Lanes are marked 
on the road but that is just a formality. 

Anil now worked for the World Bank in Washington DC. 
He and Ena had a girl Shibani and a boy Akil. Anil gave me 
the whereabouts of another mutual friend Surendra. I gave 
Surendra a call and we decided to meet for coffee at Volga. 
CP looked so different. It had multi-storied skyscrapers all 
over the place. I was told the periphery of New Delhi 
extended beyond 30 miles spilling over neighboring states. 
The stores in CP carried foreign brand names like Reebok, 
Neike, Izod, Pepsi, Coke, Doritos, but all made in India. 
There were a few more brands of cars locally made than 
before. Parking spaces by the street side were at least 2 or 3 
deep. Volga served some good Indian Kingfisher beer. I 
stopped converting prices from rupees to dollars, and just 
gave a handful of Rupee notes to the waiter and asked him 
to keep the change. 

Mrs. Thukral at 60 Babar Road got a surprise of her life to 
see me. We started ticking off common memories and 

130 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

people. Kai was in Delhi married to an Indian girl. Laila 
was having two kids and living with her English husband in 
New York City. The trees on the street had not been felled 
but half a mile away there were fly over highways and 30 
story commercial buildings. Come 5 O’clock in the 
evening, they all spilled out zillions of working men and 
women trying to get back home. Mrs. Thukral smiled and 
said her apartment is never without well paying tenants. 
Who knows, next time I see her she would have pulled 
down the 3 story house and put up a 30 story apartment 
complex, on top there may be a true Penthouse with a 
skyline for a view, not just a Barsati. We all get 
Americanized sooner or later. Who was I to preach her? 

Progress (?) and jobs have a price to pay. The whole city 
was belching smoke and dust like it was one big incinerator 
gone out of control. Windows of the car were always rolled 
up with A/C in full blast. I was not sure if Delhi had got 
changed or my perspective had changed after living in free 
wide spaces of Texas so long. I guess both are true. I get 
that kind of claustrophobic feeling also when I go to New 
York City, Boston or Chicago. I asked Puri my rental 
chauffeur to take me South Delhi. While there was one 
Ring Road before there were two now. Ring Road is 
equivalent of American Beltway circling the city. South 
Delhi still had the better neighborhoods. It was still not the 
most elite. There were also other very livable residential 
districts. There were several more 5 star hotels like Hyatt, 
Sheraton and what have you. In comparison, Oberoi 
Intercontinental seemed drab and dreary from outside. 

131 




RAJ DORÉ 

We decided to take a weekend trip outside Delhi. To 
breathe some fresh air and also have fun. We found 
Bharatpur Game Sanctuary was within driving distance and 
on our way back we could visit Fatehpur-Sikri and Agra. It 
took as about 2 hours just to get past outer fringes of the 
City on a Saturday early morning. Later we drove through 
some small hamlets and I could see little children with their 
backpacks zealously going to schools, even though it was a 
Saturday. There were signs of pharmacies and doctors’ 
clinics. All that seemed very comforting to me. Out on the 
countryside they had had good rains and there was greenery 
as far as eyes could see. Roads had strings of large trucks 
carrying I do not know what, some things some people 
needed somewhere very badly, I am sure. Puri had to stop 
the car and was told we could not go further because the 
road was submerged in flooding rainwater. But then came 
another and told us that he had a tractor, which could carry 
us and our car across, for ‘a small fee’ of course. I was glad 
free enterprise system was catching on. We finally made it 
through. 

Bharatpur is in the state of Rajasthan and just like Udaipur, 
used to be a small Kingdom before being merged into the 
mainstream democratic India. Its jungles, lakes and marshes 
made a perfect habitat for migratory birds. Birds come from 
Siberia looking for warmer climate in winter to hibernate or 
breed. You could find countless species of birds and 
animals here. It used to be a happy hunting ground for 
hunters including Imperial dignitaries from time 
immemorial. They have erected a stone plaque with names 
of yet more Army Officers with walrus moustache, solar 
hats and khakis alongside counts of birds they bagged. 

132 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Talking about these plunderers, there was one such fellow 
that was the Governor of Madras in day’s bygone. When he 
finally returned to England, he purloined one large cache of 
gold, diamonds, pearls, rubies and such other trinkets that 
would put the Borgias to shame. Poor fellow before he 
kicked the big bucket, he got pangs of bad conscience, 
found religion and decided to donate a part of the booty to 
start a school for destitute children across the Atlantic. 
Anybody heard of Yale University? 

However the government declared this area as a sanctuary 
for birds and wild life, a few years ago. You may shoot 
these creatures only with a camera. 

We checked into a Tourist Bungalow outside the gates of 
the Sanctuary. For a very reasonable price we could get a 
good 2-bedroom suite with A/C and a color TV. We were 
not allowed to drive inside the Sanctuary. They had cycle-
rickshaws. It is a tri-cycle with a seat that can take 2 people. 
A man pulls from his seat in the front by pedaling. The 
cycle rickshaw drivers here also doubled as guides. They 
were trained to explain everything that was going on there 
in 4 languages: English, German, French and Italian. I told 
him I would much prefer if spoke to me in simple Hindi. 
We spent the whole of the afternoon going round in this 
unspoiled piece of picturesque paradise, so different from 
the hustle and bustle of the previous days. My cycle 
rickshaw driver would every now and then burst out with a 
chuckle at some of my wisecracks, showing glimmering 
white teeth between dark unkempt beard. I wondered if he 
ever had ulcers worrying about interest rates or Dow Jones 

133 




RAJ DORÉ 

or mortgage payments. Why would he, he was sure he was 
going to get a good square meal this evening. Tomorrow is 
another day. 

Next morning we headed toward Fatehpur-Sikri. Here I 
need to pause and take you back a few centuries. 

American Republic is a little over 2 Centuries old. India has 
seen rise and fall of at least 4 or 5 such civilizations in 
recorded history. Most recently was the Mughal period that 
lasted from mid 16th century for about 200 years. Babar the 
founder of this dynasty was a progeny of the great Chengez 
Khan of Mongolia and a follower of Islam. 

He was driven away from his homeland. He came toward 
India looking for a good place to build an empire. Since he 
saw no Realtors that were willing to make him a deal, he 
put together an army and said this is a mugging, out with 
your stuff. 

Till then the Kings on the Indian side thought they had the 
latest state-of-the-art war machinery like spears, bows, 
arrows, shields, elephants and horses. They had cut back on 
Defense spending. 

Babar had something called gunpowder that could blast 
cannons out on long trajectories. The Indian side had a good 
100,000 strong brave soldiers, 5 times that on the other side, 
but were in a total disarray when these cannons started 
landing on their tents. 

134 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

The Home team had to surrender to the Visitors before the 
end of second quarter; Super Bowl was over before the half 
time. 

There had been several invasions in the past through the 
Hindu Kush ranges on the border with Afghanistan. But 
most of them would just loot, maraud, kill, rape and go back 
with the booty. This fellow Babar was pretty serious about 
his empire building idea. He settled down and said this is 
my home now on. Immigration & Naturalization Service 
could not declare him as an undocumented illegal 
immigrant and deport him. After all he had better guns. Rest 
is history. 

Babar’s grandson was Akbar the Great. Akbar inherited the 
throne when he was 8. At 16 he found his Regent very 
incompetent, corrupt and unpopular. The Regent was given 
the good old pink slip. Akbar took over the reins himself. 
His reign lasted nearly 70 years and the empire extended 
from the borders of Persia to Burma and almost till the tip 
of the Indian peninsula to the south. 

How he was able to keep together a territory of this size 
speaks about his management genius. The only other 
contemporary empires in the world of comparable 
magnitude were Czarist Russia and China. They had not yet 
coined the term Super Power. Western Europe was still in 
bits and pieces. Shakespeare had been born. Apple had not 
yet fallen on the nose of Isaac Newton. 

Akbar was getting old but his wives could not give him an 
heir to the throne, which worried him very much. There was 

135 




RAJ DORÉ 

a holy man in Fatehpur-Sikri about 100 miles from Delhi 
who had a reputation of having mythical powers. So the 
mighty Emperor came to this holy man seeking divine 
intervention to his dilemma. 

Sure enough Queen Jodhabai conceived a child and gave 
birth to Prince Salim. Akbar was so impressed that he 
decided to move the capital of his empire from Delhi to 
Fatehpur-Sikri. I am always very wary of these supernatural 
phenomena. 

Whenever I was grounded in my room to do history 
homework, I would gaze at the picture of this Salim. As I 
doodled on his face, I always thought he had a strong facial 
resemblance to the Imperial Chief Harem Keeper, 
especially the nose and lower chin. In matters of State and 
National Security one does not argue with the mystical 
powers of holy men. I would draw a moustache and a small 
goatee beard on Salim’s face so nobody else sees the 
similarity. In those days nobody knew of Invitro- or 
Artificial Fertilization. Who knows what went on behind 
those veils of Royal Chambers? 

Fatehpur-Sikri has all the monuments built during that time 
still intact. When asked how come these buildings are so 
well built, one gets a wise crack that in those days they did 
not have contractors with lowest bids, they had an Emperor 
with a mighty whip. 

On one building they show symbols of Hinduism, 
Christianity, Islam and also the Star of David. Akbar tried 

136 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

to keep harmony between his peoples of different faiths. He 
even founded a new religion combining all of them. 

They also show Roman and Greek influences on the 
columns of some buildings. 

Prince Salim called himself Emperor Jehangir when he 
inherited the empire. It was easy enough for holy men to 
live in Fatehpur-Sikri, but it was soon found that for 
housing a capital city of a large empire one needed large 
quantities of water supply. Fatehpur-Sikri had very little. 
Jehangir moved his capital back to brand new quarters in 
Delhi. He still had fond links to the erstwhile hometown 
where his very birth was ‘conceived’ biologically and 
metaphorically. 

Taj Mahal is in Agra about 15 miles from Fatehpur-Sikri. 
Jahangir’s son was Shahjehan who was madly in love with 
his Empress. She died before she was 30 years old while 
giving birth to a child. Shahjehan promised her that no one 
could ever take her place in his life and asked her if she had 
any wish that he could fulfill. She said that she wanted a 
monument of their love be built that would symbolize it for 
eternity. Thus came about Taj Mahal, the mausoleum where 
this Empress was laid to rest. 

For a long time I procrastinated a visit to Taj Mahal, while I 
lived in New Delhi. I thought it is just another of those 
‘images’ that Travel Magazines promote and dumb tourists 
flock to get themselves photographed with. I visited it for 
the first time when some outside guests had to be 
accompanied. 

137 




RAJ DORÉ 

When I saw it in reality, I was totally consumed by its sheer 
beauty. It is out of this world. Its perfection is breathtaking. 
Made completely of white marble and located on the banks 
of Yamuna River this piece of art makes one just stand 
there aghast if not turn to tears at its magnificence. It has 
inspired writers, painters, artists, poets, musicians, novelists 
and lately moviemakers. Lovers from all corners of the 
world, whether in their teens or in their golden age, come 
here and take a vow. A kiss here under the Full Moon is 
considered divine. Folklore abounds on its theme. 

It seems there used to be a receptacle in the dome where 
rainwater would accumulate and all the time a drop would 
intermittently fall on the grave of the Empress, symbolic of 
her lover’s tears. 

Now that is very poetic and romantic, right? If that should 
happen in my living room, it would be called a leak, 
symbolic of my tears at high Property Tax. 

Shahjahan had wanted to build a Black Taj Mahal across 
the river for himself to be buried. It would stand out in 
Eternity saying ‘She was pure as driven snow and I am still 
grieving for her’. 

Destiny had it differently. Youngest of Shahjahan’s four 
sons, called Aurangzeb speared a Coup d’Etat. He killed his 
3 older brothers. Took pity on his dad and took him a life 
prisoner, instead of beheading. Announced himself as the 
Emperor. Shahjehan asked only one extra favor of his son, 
that he be imprisoned in a cell wherefrom he could watch 

138 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

his Taj Mahal until the dying day. The wish was granted. 
After death he was also buried in the Taj Mahal beside his 
beloved wife. 

Little is known about the architect and artist that designed 
and built Taj Mahal. In those days there were no Copy 
Right or Patent laws. One way in which an Imperial 
Potentate could ensure that no one else replicates his 
creation of splendor would have been to send its creator to 
learn play ice hockey in ‘Gulag’. What was this 
‘Michelangelo’ or ‘Vinci’ that created this marvel like? 
There seems so little on record. 

Depending on whom you ask, Aurangzeb was driven by 
either religious conviction or blind bigotry. He believed that 
the country had strayed from the path prescribed in the 
Scriptures. The ‘Tax and Spend Liberals’ had run the 
country too long, wasting federal funds on wanton pursuits. 
He disapproved of freedoms to Infidels in their wayward 
‘Life Styles’. That had bad influence on the good followers 
of the Path. He wanted to put an end to all that. Music of 
any kind was bad morals and Arts were degenerate. 
Paintings show that he had long white beard. He prayed 8 
times a day, led a frugal personal life and forced strict moral 
behavior by his standards on the people. 

Aurangzeb might have been very strict and stern with his 
subjects. But at the domestic front, he had a problem. His 
dad had set bad precedent. His own Empress wanted a Taj 
Mahal for herself. 

139 




RAJ DORÉ 

She felt belittled. Her friends at the bridge table and 
cocktail circuit must have teased her. 

“What kind of a husband are you any way? Can you not 
make me a simple Taj Mahal? Am I any worse than my 
mother-in-law?” she must have yelled at him at the 
breakfast table, in her curlers. 

Aurangzeb relented and let her have one. This one is some 
1200 miles south-west of Delhi near Bombay. I have seen 
both, the original and the second version. Comparing the 
two is like comparing Champagne with Root Beer. I guess 
Aurangzeb and his wife got what they deserved. 

With advent of Aurangzeb started ‘The Decline and Fall of 
Mughal Empire’. The Empire started breaking down. There 
were revolts everywhere. The Europeans who had come as 
traders became mercenary soldiers taking sides and inciting 
quarrels amongst the several factions. One whole 
civilization came down to the pits. 

We headed back home Sunday evening. On the way we 
were talking about how some new industries that were 
creating jobs in the surrounding area were also causing 
pollution to tarnish the white marble of the Taj. I suggested 
that probably some Walt Disney should take over the whole 
town and turn it into a new theme park. That would create a 
lot of jobs too. 

I spent the next few days lazing around at home watching 
TV. Now cable TV in color was available with more than a 
dozen channels. Even in regular channels the program were 

140 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

very watchable. You had ‘Good Morning India’, on the 
lines of ‘Good Morning America’, there was a Hindi 
version of ‘Wheel of Fortune’, one could also see CNN, 
Talk Shows, Game Shows and Hindi MTV/VH1. There 
were live broadcasts of Republican National Convention 
from San Diego, BBC News and Movie Channels. ESPN 
showed sports of Indian and International interests. You had 
them all. 

Wanderlust took over again and this time I went on my own 
with my driver to a more serene place called Kumaon Hills. 
This is an area in the foothills of the Himalayas, nestled in 
woods, with lakes, water falls, log cabins, hunting lodges, 
all covered in fog and floating clouds, with sun shining 
through now and then. I spent time contemplating sunset, 
sunrise, fresh drop of dew on the petals of blooming 
chrysanthemums and such other creations of art, that I 
usually have no time to do in workaday life. I tried to 
preserve the idyllic beauty of these. I zoomed my lens and 
kept cranking my camera like I wanted to carry every nook 
and cranny of this place back with me. 

There is a National Park here called Jim Corbett Park. Who 
was this Jim Corbett? Yet another in ‘walrus moustache, 
solar hat and khakis that bilked native nabobs in dice game 
or plundered palaces and mausoleums of precious jewelry 
to be shipped back home?’ 

No Sir. He was a solid chap, a folk hero. That is what he 
was. He knew the terrain of Kumaon like the back of his 
palm, better than his back-yard in Shropshire, Yorkshire, 
Brookshire or any other ‘shire he came from in the Blity. 

141 




RAJ DORÉ 

I could think of him as a Lone Ranger riding along the hills 
and valleys of Kumaon. When confronted by a big wild cat, 
Jim would look straight into his eyes and tip the hat. In 
return the beast would curtsy him and they would wander 
off in their different directions. Jim would do the same with 
local humans. ‘Mutual Respect’ was the key word that 
pervaded when he was around. He believed in treating the 
Wild Life and the Humans with an even hand. 

Though there was a section of tiger population that would 
disagree with that. 

They are called man-eaters. They believed that Jim was 
definitely slanted toward the humans. 

Tigers like politicians start off as pretty decent fellows. As 
they go through the rough and tumble of life, some of them 
may be thrown to a corner and forced to make hard choices. 

Like whether to die of starvation or eat human flesh. 
Instincts of self-survival would generally override. Once 
they taste human flesh and blood, like politicians tasting 
intoxication of power, they get hooked on to it. There is no 
turning back. Gourmet food is what they want always; rest 
of the stuff is bland meat. They would not settle for 
hamburgers and French-fries any more. 

That is when Mr. Jim Corbett would step in and cry foul. 
He would get his shotgun or whatever he could grab and go 
after these renegade erstwhile friends. He bagged a couple 
of dozen of these in his lifetime and also wrote very 

142 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

interesting books about these escapades. The scourge to 
human population was brought under control. 

But after Jim Corbett vanished into eternity, poachers and 
hunters (of human species) abounded. Local taxidermists 
made record profits. Movie stars and celebrities vied with 
each other wanting to wear skins that would bring the 
‘Animal’ out of their men folk. Tiger population started to 
dwindle. Tigers had to be declared as endangered species. 

The benign apparition of Jim Corbett still pervades on the 
Hills of Kumaon in the form of this National Park. It is a 
game sanctuary where all these wild life are protected. 
Again, you may only shoot them with your camera. 

You may drive around with windows of your car rolled up. 
Remember these lands belong to those members on a 
different rung of the Evolution Ladder. You are an intruder. 
There is a road sign that clearly says ‘Leopards have a right 
of way’. So if you find them climbing on top of your car’s 
hood and making faces at you through the windshield, it is 
their prerogative. 

Do not call the Highway Patrol. These are the Highway 
Patrol. 

However you have a better alternative. You can whistle and 
hail an elephant. Unlike your car they have a trunk in the 
front, you may not be able to load your travel bags in it 
though. But sure you can let it siphon a lot of water and 
give you a fine shower. After you climb on top of it you can 
generally take a supercilious and condescending view of the 

143 




RAJ DORÉ 

rest of the world. At some 25ft above the ground you are 
also quite safe from rest of the wild life. Breathe fresh air 
and wander around the whole place for as long as your 
bottoms can take the bumps. 

When I tried to get into Jim Corbett Park, I saw a “Do Not 
Disturb” sign at the entrance. Tigers were busy propagating 
and preserving their species. It was breeding time and they 
do not like voyeurs. The Park was closed for the season. 

I had to catch a plane back for London. So I came back to 
the real world from Shangri-La. My brother asked me if I 
did not want to go visit Udaipur. 

For a fleeting moment it seemed pointless. I had heard that 
one person I needed to impress most and make proud of my 
parallel parking skills had been taken away by upper 
respiratory ailment. 

I told my brother, ‘May be next time’. I still had to recover 
those five marbles for winning in the game of Gulli-danda. 

Airlines announced my flight was ready for boarding. I 
headed to the gates. For the flight to Texas was beckoning 
me. 

THE END 

144 




POTSHOTS AT HOTSHOTS 



145 




 

Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas, conducts 
Distinguished Lecture Series where people that have 
achieved distinction in their field are asked to share their 
wisdom with the general public. Between 1986 and 1992, I 
became an avid participant of these Lecture Series. There 
used to be about 4 to 6 such lectures in a year. At the end of 
each lecture, the audience was allowed to ask questions of 
the Lecturer. I rarely missed an opportunity of jumping 
from my seat and running up to the microphone and throw a 
question. A thrilling experience at getting 5 minutes of 
fame! As a front seat ticket holder (that did not come very 
cheap), I also got to hobnob with the Distinguished Lecturer 
at a small reception at the end of the evening. Getting heady 
and intoxicated by rubbing shoulders and pumping hands 
with the mighty and powerful over some punch and 
cookies, was an educational experience. 

147 




RAJ DORÉ 

Following are some of the questions that I asked along with 
the responses that I got. While the questions are reproduced 
verbatim, the responses are paraphrased as what each said 
in ‘essence and effect’. You may not always agree with 
some of the ‘tongue in the cheek’ responses, but the 
exchange of words would definitely provoke some 
thoughts. You may even come out with some of your own 
views and reactions to these questions. If so please do not 
keep them to yourselves and share with your friends. 

Dr. Christian Barnard (Surgeon from South Africa that 
performed the first heart transplant). 

Question: As technology to transplant organ progresses, it is 
conceivable that all organs of a person could have been 
transplanted including brain cells. Then what would it be 
that would make that person still himself or herself? 

Response: We will not transplant human mind. 

Edwin Newman (NBC News). 

Question: If you were a nominee for the Supreme Court, 
how would you balance the values of Individual Liberty on 
the one hand and needs of National Security on the other? 

Response: Very carefully, of course. 

148 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Charlton Heston (Hollywood Actor). 

Question: Do you have any political ambitions? 

Response: A good politician needs to be a good 
Communicator and Motivator. That is why an actor can be a 
good politician as well. I have been approached by both the 
parties to run for Congress. 

Sam Donaldson (ABC News). 

Question: It took a small nondescript newspaper in Iran to 
break the story of Iran-Contra deal. How come the multimillion 
dollar newsmen not excluding yourself could not do 
it? How many such scandals are going unreported as we are 
speaking now? 

Response: I wish I could have laid my hands on the story 
first. 

Dr. Robert Ballard (Maker of the underwater Robot that 
explored the ‘Titanic’) 

Question: Do you see a parallel between the ‘Titanic’ and 
the ‘Challenger’ disasters? 

Response: Yes. In both the cases people were a little over 
confidant about their technology’s infallibility. 

149 




RAJ DORÉ 

Edward Heath (Former British Prime Minister). 

Question: Civilizations seem to rise and fall in cycles. Do 
you think Europe has reached its plateau and will slowly 
start declining as a cradle of civilization in the coming 
decades? 

Response: No. European Civilization will revive itself. 

Elli Wiesel (Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Laureate) 

Question: In this age of a possible Nuclear Holocaust, do 
you believe the instinct of self preservation will prevail over 
the instinct of self-destruction, in human species? 

Response: Even though it may seem that the people in 
power have their priorities all lopsided, we have survived so 
far have we not? 

Caspar Weinberger (Former Defense Secretary) 

Question: What is ‘State Sponsored Terrorism’ and which 
state does not sponsor terrorism? 

Response: It depends upon who does it and doing it in a 
way that it cannot to be found out. 

150 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Tom Brokaw (NBC News) 

Question: TV and Radio networks are basically in the 
business of peddling popcorn and Pepsodent. If they also 
provide news, it is only as a means to that end. Why should 
one not doubt your objectivity? 

Response: We are not influenced by our Sponsors. 

Robert MacNeil (MacNeil/Lehrer News Hour) 

Question: If one needs to listen to standard Queen’s 
English, one would probably listen to the BBC. How would 
you compare that with the standard of English spoken on 
the American TV and Radio? 

Response: Who speaks Standard English? We conducted a 
survey and found that most people even in Britain did not 
speak that way anymore. 

Robert Bork (Nominee for Supreme Court that could not 
get Confirmation from the Senate). 

Question: There seems to be some controversy over your 
role in the Nixon White House when he fired the Watergate 
Independent Prosecutor. Would you like to comment on 
that? 

Response: I was just following orders. If I had not done it 
some one else would have. Things would have happened 
just the way they happened regardless of what I did. My 

151 




RAJ DORÉ 

only mistake was not having immediately called a news 
conference and told the public about what I was made to do. 

Dr. Henry Kissinger (Politician of repute) 

Question: You have had an admirable life but there is 
something about it that is enigmatic. You know the pain and 
suffering under the Third Reich and Gestapo from your own 
childhood. But when you were in a position of power and 
influence you collaborated with some of the most brutal and 
suppressive regimes in the world. How do you explain that? 

Response: What regimes? 

Question: Iran, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Philippines, 
Argentina and Chile? 

Response: The United States is not the Policeman of the 
World. We have to do what is in the best National Interest 
and we cannot tell our Allies how to run their countries. 

Alistair Cooke (Masterpiece Theater on PBS) 

Question: Your talk about American Humorists was most 
interesting. But you left out my favorite Humorist, P.G. 
Wodehouse. How come? 

Response: P.G. Wodehouse was not American. 

152 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 


David Brinkley (This Week on ABC) 

Question: You newsmen report on other public figures. But 
after all you are yourselves products of the same system and 
capable of similar behavior. Who reports on your conduct? 

Response: Our lives are an open book. 

THE END 

153 




 

TRYST WITH A MYSTERY 
WOMAN 



155 




 

INTRODUCTION 

Hindu society is patriarchic. Ancestral worship has been 
practiced in several societies and at several times in Human 
history. In the Hindu society it is practiced even today and 
is taken very seriously, especially in the Brahmin 
community of the Southern India. A ritual called 
‘Shraddham’, is performed that offers prayers and food to 
the departed ancestors. It is the ardent wish of millions that 
they have a male progeny that would perform this ritual for 
them when they have died. 

On a lighter vein, while we proudly trace our ancestry to 
several generations, can I be totally sure there had never 
been any outside intrusions in our supposed lineage? Also, 
just as I invite my ancestors to my house for food and 

157 




RAJ DORÉ 

prayers, how about if the role should be reversed and I go 
back in time and visit them? 

I was looking at the Genealogical Tree of my Family. Then 
I started wondering what would it be like to meet the lady 6 
rungs above my generation. A good portion of my genetic 
makeup comes from her, right? 

Is it not such an accidental quirk that I am what I am and 
that I am here at all? What if that Lady there, or for that 
matter any body in between her and me had made a 
different choice of mates? Would I still be there as I am 
now? 

Read this fictional journey back in Time and Space through 
the Genealogical Tree of my family. 

I was travelling from Bangalore to Madras. We were 
driving down this hilly dusty road as night began to fall and 
all of a sudden there was a thunderstorm. It started pouring 
like one big dam must have burst overhead. There was 
lightening and thunder. 

As we approached a curve, the car gurgled a few times and 
came to halt beside a large Banyan tree. Driver Murugan 
got out of the car. He opened the front hood holding an 
umbrella over his head. After peering into the car a little 
while he came back. I rolled down the glass to hear what he 
had to say. The carburetor had some problem. He had also 
inquired of a passing Villager about the condition of the 
road ahead. It was quite a hopeless task of making to the 
next town at this dead at night. He asked me if I would like 

158 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

to take shelter in a nearby temple until the morning. There 
seemed little choice. 

I collected my essential belongings and slowly made to the 
temple, which was half in ruins. I went in. With the help of 
torchlight I started looking around. The carvings under 
thick layers of cobwebs seemed ethereally bewitching. 

I could not imagine ever seeing any one so enchanting as 
that Apsara who was beckoning me with her finger tips. 
Yes indeed she was calling me toward her. I heard a 
mystical voice singing a most lyrical melody. This 
voluptuous danseuse was seductively and gracefully 
moving her limbs to that tune. How could I resist, as she 
held my finger tips and gently pulled me toward her? She 
smiled flashing her teeth like a string of pearls and pealed 
out laughing. I was completely beyond myself. I could 
barely muster enough courage to ask her who she was. 

She said ‘Don’t you know me? I am Parvati’. She had such 
strong resemblance to my filial relations. 

And I said, ‘It is nice meeting you Parvati. Do you see my 
car broke down? I am cold, hungry, wet and tired. You must 
know, I am in no mood to indulge in dalliance with you’. 

Parvati started laughing again and slowly put me to her 
bosom. She ran her fingers through the shock of my hair 
gently stroking the scalp. ‘Yes of course. You are such a 
cute little boy. Come, I will take you home’. 

159 




RAJ DORÉ 

We slowly walked toward this neat little cottage. There was 
firewood burning in the mud stove. She said there was hot 
water in the bathroom with oil and shikapowder. I must 
have a good oil bath and change to dry clothes, while she 
made some nice hot meals. I did her bidding. 

Even as I was drying myself in the bathroom, I could get 
the aroma from ‘Murungakka’ Sambar whiff past my 
nostrils. Before I sat down to eat, I started salivating at the 
look of that Mysore Rasam and an array of gastronomical 
delights awaiting me. She was frying for me those 
inimitable Thalli and Pori Vadams. I wished so much, she 
would sit by my side and keep feeding a morsel of the food 
on my palm, as my mom used to do. But that would have 
been so unbecoming of a big boy like me. Finally followed 
Rice, Curds and Vedumangai pickle. It all tasted divine. I 
have dined at some of the finest and most exclusive 
gourmet restaurants across the globe you could not buy a 
feast like this for the price of a King’s Ransom. 

I started licking my fingers at the last course and then 
finally managed to find my voice to ask her, “Who are you 
and why are you so nice to me? Before we let this go any 
further, do you have a husband or boyfriend or ‘Significant 
Other’?” 

She giggled ostensibly tickled. “You naughty boy, you are 
so sweet and likeable but hardly a match for me. You and I 
have never met before but we have a long and strong bond. 
Yes you will soon meet him. He always works late”. 

“Him? Who is he? Tell me about him”. 

160 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

I could see her face flushed pink with bashfulness and 
embarrassment. She first dropped and then slowly raised 
her demure face. With eyes still looking down she said, 
“Well, I could not normally take his name in public. But I 
could tell you. He is Veeraraghavan, I fondly call him 
Veeru in private”. 

“Oh Yeah? I guess he calls you Paro!” 

“That is right. How did you know?” 

“I am not so stupid as you think. I know all about you. 
When you met this new fellow, you dumped your earlier 
boy friend who is heart broken and now getting drunk in the 
den of a dancing girl down the street. Right?” 

“I don’t know what you are talking about. You are getting it 
all mixed up. Nothing like that happened here”. 

“Okay. Tell me about this Veeru of yours. How and where 
did you meet him?” 

“Well one day I had gone to the river. After taking a bath, I 
filled this brass pot with water and was slowly walking back 
home. This handsome young man came on a horseback. He 
seemed lost and asked me for the way to Melalathur”. 

“Oh My God! That is the oldest line in the book and you 
fell for it? Then I guess he said ‘What is a good girl like you 
doing in a place like this? Can I buy you a drink?’ dah dah 
dah, one thing followed another. Right?” 

161 




RAJ DORÉ 

“Hey Kid you must shut up and not keep interrupting me. 
You are wrong again. He got down from the horse and we 
walked together for a distance and I showed him the way to 
Melalathur. He said he was thirsty and I gave him water 
from my pot. Yes we did get friendly and got to like each 
other”. 

“But Paro, I hope you don’t mind my calling you that, this 
guy is just a passer by. You know how these men are. He 
will just leave you and go away wherever he came from. 
Then what happens to you?” 

“Now it is my turn to tell you, I am not so dumb as you 
think. He was coming from a very far away country called 
Wallahjahpet. I told him in no uncertain terms that I was not 
going to move out of Ananganellore. If he loved me, he had 
to move here”. 

“And he agreed?” 

“Sure did. What do you think? He moved lock, stock and 
barrel”. 

“Bravo! He must be one full-blooded romantic hunk. But 
even then, are you telling me that you fell for the first guy 
that came along? Don’t you want to get to know other men 
before settling down with one?” 

“Oh My God! What a terrible thing to even think about? 
We women in these parts don’t do things like that. We stick 
with only one man with a pure heart and soul, for eternity”. 

162 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

“Now Paro darling, are you telling me that women in your 
family never messed around? Then how come you have 
such a light skin and brownish eyes?” 

“That is because my maternal grand mother sat too long 
outside on full moon nights and drank a lot of milk”. 

“Oh!! C’mon Paro, do you really want me to buy that 
baloney? You think you can get away with that? Haven’t 
you heard of DNA testing? I can sit in the moonlight all I 
want but would never get any lighter than this. Are you sure 
those soldiers of Robert Clive’s army did not go on flings in 
this village?” 

“Of course not. We have had light skinned people for over a 
few Millennia, even before the Europeans arrived on those 
ships. Besides why would you want to get a lighter skin? 
You look so good to me, just as you are! Hush, now keep 
quiet, I hear my Veeru coming. You must meet him. He is 
really great”. 

Soon I could hear the hoofs of a horse. A tall, dark and 
handsome young man alighted. He and Parvati were locked 
in a close embrace and long drawling kiss, which seemed to 
last forever. My presence did not seem to matter to them at 
all. At last the young man turned around and saw me, still 
interlocked with his Paro. I could see a glitter in his eyes as 
he and Parvati started laughing again. Beaming with great 
pride, he told her I had his nose and cheekbones. Bursting 
with great love, she responded, for sure I had her eyes and 
jaw. They even agreed that my good looks came from her 
and the smarts from him. 

163 




RAJ DORÉ 

I took courage in my hands and finally interrupted. “Just a 
minute you guys, cut it out. What do you think you are 
doing? There is decent company here. Parvati, does your 
dad know what is going on here?” 

Parvati replied, “Why do you call me ‘guy’? After gong to 
America you have forgotten good manners and good 
English as well. You have not come and visited us in a long 
time or bothered even to write. My dad has gone with the 
army of Tippu Sultan fighting the Marathas”. 

I jumped from my seat exclaiming, “Holy Molly!! So your 
dad is Subedar Anantharama Iyer, is he? I have heard about 
him from my brother. Why didn’t you say that sooner?” 

I quickly realized my faux pas and figured, it was time for 
me to beat it. Who would want to come between Paro and 
her Veeru, thereby endangering his own creation? 

I heard footsteps of Murugan. I woke up rubbing my eyes. 
He said the weather and road had cleared. We were all 
ready to head toward Vellore. I could barely pull myself 
away from that dazzling Apsara. 

As we were driving away, I asked, “Murugan, is this a car 
or a time machine?” 

He said, “How do I know Saar? I am not even alive. You 
need to travel another 10 years down this road and ask 
someone”. 

164 




EPILOGUE 

Following is the lineage from Subedar Anantharama Iyer 
down to the Author: 

Subedar Anantharama Iyer 
—Daughter Parvathi/married Veeraraghavan 
—Son Srinivasan/married Meenakshi 
—Son Parasuraman/married Saraswati, Savithri 
—Son Arunachalam/married Sundari, Sundari 
—Son Subramaniam/married Sundarambal 
—Son Arunachalam(SCDore)/married Chellammal 
—Son Rajkumar Dore 

All this is recorded on the Family’s Genealogical Table 
Volumes 2 & 5. 

165 




RAJ DORÉ 

It is true that the clan originally resided in Wallajahpet. A 
young man from there traveled and fell in love with a 
damsel in Ananganellore. On her insistence he moved to her 
village. With small stretch of imagination it could be 
assumed that this ‘Full Blooded Romantic Hunk’ was 
Veeraraghava Iyer, especially since the thread of lineage 
breaks down when drawn toward his family. 

For those who don’t know, Wallajahpet, Ananganellore and 
Melalathur are within a radius of 15 long miles, in North 
Arcot district of Tamil Nadu. 

Robert Clive came to India as a GI for the British East India 
Company in early 1700’s and left as the first British 
Governor General. He is credited of being the architect of 
the British Raj, his famous Battle of Arcot being a turning 
point. 

Later he was tried in the British Parliament for multitude of 
wrong doings including cheating and embezzlement. He 
was however acquitted of all the charges. Speeches of Lord 
Macaulay in his favor and Edmund Burke against, are 
considered masterpieces of English oratory. 

He had attempted committing suicide twice before in his 
lifetime. He tried again after his acquittal and succeeded the 
third time. 

Finally, I just referred to an Encyclopedia and found Tippu 
Sultan acceded the throne of the Mysore Kingdom in 1782. 

166 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

This might give the Reader a milestone of time in history 
when this imaginary encounter could have taken place. 

THE END 

167 




 

PARADISE LOST & PARADISE 
REGAINED 



169 




 

INTRODUCTION 

Partition of India and Pakistan had a profound impact on 
the 1st and 2nd generation Dorés. I think the brunt fell on 
my middle order siblings, Gullanna in particular and Giri 
next. They were in their critical formative years of their 
lives and this Tornado played havoc. I escaped with minor 
bruises. By the time I started growing up, our family had 
weathered the storm. 

In the following pages I have tried to describe those critical 
days and the aftermath. This is from my perspective, in my 
words, as felt and remembered by me. 

I would like to make it clear that this is intended to be more 
like a painting than a photograph. It is not a historical 
chronicle. Just a picture of feelings. Everybody likes to see 

171 




RAJ DORÉ 

his /her own name mentioned while reading. Some very 
important members of the family circle may find their 
names absent. This is not to belittle the importance of such 
people in our family relationships. That is because I am 
only touching people and incidents that are pertinent to the 
theme at hand. I am trying to only narrate important 
milestones of the family history in the setting of the 
Partition and its aftermath. 

I have some times used names and nicknames for persons as 
known to me. To clarify, following are the Names and 
Relationships of the Characters in the narration: 

Name Nickname Relationship to me 
S. C. Dore “Appanna” My father 
Chellammal “Akka” My Mother 
Sundarambal “Amma” My father’s mother 
Kalyaniammal “Kalyanathai” My father’s youngest sister 
Vijayammmal “Vijayamchitti” My mother’s younger sister 
Dattatri “Dattanna” My brother number 1 
Vishwanath “Vichanna” My brother number 2 
Ramnath “Ramanna” My brother number 3 
Prem “Premanna” My brother number 4 
Gokal “Gullanna” My brother number 5 
Giridhari “Giri” My brother number 6 
Nirupama “Roopa” My sister, Sibling number 7 
Rajkumar “Babu” Myself 
Mukhi Mangharam “Mukhi-sahib” My father’s Employer 

& dear friend 

The other names in the narration are quite self-explanatory 
and consistent. 

172 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 


The narration consists of following two parts: 

1. PART ONE - PARADISE LOST; (Years 1940 thru 
1950); 
2. PART TWO - PARADISE REGAINED; (Years 1950 thru 
1960); 
173 




 

PART ONE - PARADISE LOST 

Pluto Discovered: 

I hail from a South Indian Brahmin family. We are not 
supposed to even eat eggs because it is the life of a potential 
chicken. After marriage my parents had a son, then a son, 
yet another son and so on. They wanted very much to have 
at least a daughter in the family. After 6 sons they finally 
got a daughter. They felt God had answered their prayers 
and now they must stop. They started practicing ‘safe 
period, rhythm method’. After a while my mom, Akka 
complained of severe stomach cramps. For obvious reasons, 
it was first suspected that she was probably expecting a 
baby. In those days there was no sure way of knowing at 
such an early stage. After preliminary exams, doctors 
diagnosed it as Appendicitis. A day before the planned 

175 




RAJ DORÉ 

surgery, she was taken for a routine x-ray exam. It was 
found that she indeed had a baby as well. She was told that 
this was going to be a race between the inflamed appendix 
and the baby. If the former won, it would kill the latter and 
also Akka. The safest course would be to abort the baby, 
remove the appendix and save her. But Akka said ‘No way’. 
She was willing to take the risk. In the final stages of 
pregnancy, she was put on liquid diet, mostly glucose water, 
so there is little pressure on the inflamed Appendix. 

Akka had the baby. The Appendix was removed later. She 
lived to be 90. And I am that baby. 

I was born at 4:30 AM on July 29th, 1940 at Hyderabad 
(Sind). According to South Indian Hindu Astrological 
standards, day begins at Sunrise. So they recorded my birth 
as 28th of July and that stuck all the way. 

I found out recently from one of my brothers that my 
parents were quite hopeful, if not confident that I was going 
to be a girl. They had probably thought, they had it all 
figured out the right technique of making baby girls. I could 
imagine the looks on their faces when the nurse unfolded 
my diapers and they found it was yet another son. Pretty 
double crossed, that’s how they would have looked. 

Pluto is the last of the planets in the Solar System. For quite 
a while Astronomers had indirectly concluded its existence 
from the gravitational effect it had on other planetary 
motions. But only when very strong telescopes could be 
built, that its existence could actually be confirmed. 
Appanna drew a parallel and called me ‘Pluto’. 

176 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

I am really very proud and blessed, that my parents made a 
conscious and I am sure, a very agonizing, choice of having 
me against such odds. Isn’t it amusing that even when I was 
created, they forgot to put me in the main Book and had to 
add in the Appendix later on? 

Early Years: 

I of course do not have the foggiest personal knowledge of 
any of these events and am totally oblivious of them. For 
me all this is just hearsay. 

The earliest memory I have is that of my eldest brother 
Dattanna’s wedding. I was barely 3. It was the first wedding 
in the family and was celebrated with pomp and 
circumstance, for full 5 days in Madras. Orthodox Hindu 
rituals and Social parties in 1943, when the WW2 was 
raging and there were rationing of all commodities. That 
was a moment of great pride and joy for the whole family. 
It seemed like everybody was having a great time, 
excepting the groom, who had not yet completely recovered 
from a bout of typhoid. But that was of minor reckoning. 

I remember the new addition to the family, the new bride 
Kamakshimanni. She and Dattanna had a separate bedroom 
upstairs. One day I was standing outside her room peering 
through the half open doorway, as she was brooming the 
floor. I was too shy to go in. Seeing me, she bade me to 
come in and asked what was I staring at. I asked her feebly, 
why was she brooming the floor? She asked ‘Why not?’ I 
said, ‘You are not Chandrika, are you? ‘. Chandrika was our 
servant who did all the cleaning and washing. She pealed 

177 




RAJ DORÉ 

out with a big laugh. Later she kept repeating this incident 
all over the family and they would also burst out with a 
guffaw and laughter. 

Along with Chandrika, we had Ramraj who was my male 
nanny. Jagatram was our Chauffeur. Then we had gardeners 
and a retinue of servants to take care of every need. Our 
house was next to the PowerHouse of which Appanna was 
the Chief Engineer. He could command just about any thing 
he wanted and get it carried out by a hundred and odd 
people working for him there. We had a big house on the 
banks of Phuleli, a tributary of Indus River. The large lawn 
overlooking the river was well kept and we would play, go 
down the slide, seesaw or hang from the overhead parallel 
bars. Once Giri broke his arm trying go from one rung to 
another on those parallel bars. Karthik too fell from the 
seesaw and broke his collarbone. At that time there was a 
very popular song by KLSaigal that went “Jab Dil Hee Toot 
Gaya”. And we would change it and sing for Karthik “Jab 
Collar Bone Toot Gaya”!! 

We had some half a dozen cows and there were servants to 
take care of them. They were like our household pets. Akka 
would personally go and visit them every morning and 
some of them would even stand up and return her soft 
gentle stroking, with a grateful nod. When a cow fell sick, 
she had to be given medicine. A thick bamboo would be 
split on one end into two. After putting that end into the 
cow’s mouth, a stick would be stuck in between that split, 
to keep that end and the cow’s mouth wide open. A servant 
would place the medicinal pill inside the bamboo on the 
other end and blow with his mouth. Thus that pill would 

178 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

land straight into the cow’s throat. However, sometime the 
stick keeping the other end apart would break and the cow 
would blow first, landing the pill inside the throat of the 
servant!! I guess that kept the servant quite immune to any 
disease as well! 

In November 1944, we got the big news by telegraph that 
the first grandson had arrived. We placed a long distance 
call from Hyderabad (Sind) to Ernakulam. One had to book 
the call and wait for hours together before it would come 
through. Finally we could talk. We wanted to hear the voice 
of the new arrival. So we asked them to pinch that little 
fellow to hear him. Yes indeed that was true. Yes indeed 
that was the voice from the next rung of Doré ladder. 

Karthik, as he was called, was an apple of everybody’s 
eyes. At last I could now stand taller to someone junior. 
Appanna would show him around to his friends and 
colleagues with great pride and joy. Appanna’s mother 
Amma had become a great grand mother through all male 
lineage. Quite an accomplishment by Hindu scriptural 
standards. That was commemorated by a ceremony called 
Kanakabhishekam - showering with nothing less than pure 
gold itself amidst chanting of Vedic hymns by a band of 
sacred Brahmins imported from far away South India. 

After being tutored at home by Appanna’s assistant Jiwa, 
for a while, I was finally admitted to the Nursery section of 
Pigget’s High School near Tilak Chadi. We had a dark blue 
Ford convertible, four-door sedan that would take me to and 
fro school. 

179 




RAJ DORÉ 

One afternoon in early 1946, Appanna picked me up from 
my school and we drove back home together. All else had 
already finished their lunch. Keshavan laid a wooden board 
on the floor and a plantain leaf before it. He served 
Appanna his lunch in our traditional style of partaking 
meals. I sat separately and as usual was creating a ruckus to 
finish my food. Akka brought the mail and there was a letter 
from Madras with a picture of a 16-year-old petite, comely 
girl with large beautiful eyes and shapely neck. She passed 
the letter to Appanna. I asked them who was in that picture. 
I was told, that was going to be my new sister-in-law. 
Things started ticking like a well-oiled clockwork. Within a 
few weeks, in June of the same year, we were in Madras for 
Vichanna’s wedding to Sarlamanni. 

By early following year, they were expecting their first 
child. In the traditional South Indian Hindu fashion, a 
celebration called ‘Sheemandam’ was celebrated in 
Hyderabad. It is similar to what the Westerners call a “Baby 
Shower”. 

In the school we were taught to draw the Union Jack for our 
assignment. I would use the kitchen knife to draw all those 
lines criss cross. Then one day, we were told that we did not 
have to do that anymore. We were to draw the tricolor flag 
of Independent India. Just 2 horizontal lines, fill Red, White 
and Green, with a round wheel in the middle. That should 
be easy enough. 

180 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Calm before Storm: 

Yes India had become Independent. I had no idea what that 
meant. They made Karthik wear the closed neck long jacket 
and tight trousers called Churidar. With Gandhi cap to top it 
all, he looked very cute and like those Congress leaders in 
newspaper pictures. Flags were unfurled and people 
constantly listened to speeches on the radio looking pretty 
pleased with themselves. 

While all the States, some two thousand plus of them, were 
asked to choose between India and Pakistan to join, there 
were a few that created more problems than the others did 
in making any choice. Amongst such was a tiny state called 
Junagadh in Gujarat whose Nawab stubbornly wanted to 
stay away from either. Whenever I used to throw up a 
temper tantrum without eating my meals, Keshavan our 
cook would call me ‘Junagadh’!! 

Our home was an oasis for the South Indian community in 
that part of the World. Being some 1500 miles away from 
Madras, most of them, especially the bachelors, considered 
this their home away from home. They would come to 
celebrate festivals like Dusserah, Deepawali or 
Avaniavattam, the annual day to change one’s sacred 
thread. They may even drop in on weekends for no reason 
at all. They may even telegraph us to meet them at the 
Railway Station with coffee and meals when they were en-
route some place else. Amongst a host of such friends were 
Mr. Subbaroyan, who later was the Editor-in-chief of “Sind 
Observer”, a daily in Karachi. And then there were Captains 
Srinivasan and Balu, of the Indian Army. 

181 




RAJ DORÉ 

We got a new car. The old Navy Blue Ford convertible was 
still there. But we prided on the new Chocolate colored 
Ford with a stick shift below the steering wheel. I still 
preferred the old car because it had that extra step below the 
door that would help my small body to climb in and out. 
But nobody wants your opinion when you are not even 7 
years old. Our schools closed a few days of opening, after 
the Summer Recess in 1947. There was trouble brewing all 
over the region, so parents wanted their kids to stay home. 
Akka would tutor us in the Tamil language to keep us stay 
away from trouble and to get some training in our mother 
tongue. Punjab in the north had started having serious 
communal clashes between the Hindus and the Moslems. 
All kinds of horror stories were being reported in the media. 
Hindus were fleeing in droves across the border. The 
foreboding was, that someday this cancer was going to 
spread towards Sind, where we were living and was thus far 
quiet. 

All our belongings especially the valuables were shipped 
across to India with Captains Srinivasan and Balu. Being 
bachelors, they did not have much belongings of their own 
and were very willing to carry our stuff as their own. None 
could mess with the Army personnel on the way. 

The Exodus: 

From our house we could see trains going over a railway 
bridge across the Phuleli. They would be overflowing with 
fleeing people holding on to every nook and cranny of the 
compartment and over the roofs, hanging on to their lives 
literally. My playmates and their families would come 

182 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

bidding good-byes. Every man, woman and child wearing 
six or seven layers of clothing. They could only carry what 
was on their bodies, if they even made it across the border 
alive. Feria Sahib and his family could stay on, they were 
Christians. Bhise Sahib a Hindu, Mohan Singh a Sikh, with 
their families, were in peril. 

We always thought this whole black cloud will one-day just 
pass away. ‘This is not really true’, ‘This couldn’t be 
happening to us’, ‘All those terrible things you read about 
in the newspapers only happen to ‘others’ never to 
ourselves’. Denial. Denial. Denial. One day Appanna, rang 
up Subbaroyan in Karachi to find out just how bad the 
things had gotten and what precautions, if any, should we 
be taking. Subbaroyan was fuming like the Vesuvius. He 
flared out at Appanna. He could not believe we were still 
lingering there. He told in no uncertain terms that we must 
get the hell out of that place immediately if we did not want 
to be raped and killed!! 

That is when the whole reality dawned. All means of 
transport were chock full not to mention fraught with 
danger and disaster. Subbaroyan, with his journalistic 
contacts was finally able to wangle seats on a ship called 
“Jala Durga”. She was a vessel salvaged, reconstructed and 
making her maiden voyage. That is all that was available. 
No First Class seats. Just Upper Deck. Take it or leave it. 
We grabbed 8 tickets: Appanna, Akka, Amma, 
Kalyaniatthai, Gullanna, Giri, Roopa and myself. Keshavan, 
the cook got a place in the servants quarters. 

183 




RAJ DORÉ 

Late night on November 23rd, 1947, we took the train from 
Hyderabad to Karachi. Next morning after reaching 
Karachi, we heard the news that after we left that night, 
communal riots had broken out a mile away from our house 
and Hindu houses were set on fire. 

Appanna paid some Rupees 250 to the Coolie for loading 
our dozen or so trunks at the docks. That was equivalent to 
US$ 10,000 in today’s terms. We were lucky we even got 
such a bargain. Around 3 PM on November 24th, “Jala 
Durga” slowly steamed out of the harbor. Subbaroyan along 
with some of Appanna’s loyal colleagues and friends was 
standing at the shore waving at us. There was no eye that 
was dry. There was no throat without a lump. One 
momentous chapter of our lives was slowly drifting away 
from us like quicksand under our feet. Our minds stopped 
registering any more emotions, it had just reached its limits. 
The land we were forsaking slowly but surely turned into a 
blimp on the horizon. We heaved a sigh of relief choking 
with sadness. A veritable oxymoron indeed. 

Appanna was able to get leave of absence from his 
employer and old time dear friend Mukhi-sahib, by 
promising that he would return after safely depositing 
women and children at home. There was still a lot of work 
to do. The two of them had worked shoulder to shoulder in 
their shirtsleeves for the better part of a quarter Century. 
Appanna had created and nurtured that PowerHouse like it 
was one of his own kith and kin. 

184 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

The Holocaust: 

The carnage and conflagration of Partition was close to 
what the Sub-continent got to a Holocaust. Our family came 
within a kissing distance to it. We came out physically 
unscathed. Tens of thousands of others were not so 
fortunate. Horror stories abound and history books are full 
of them. 

Much later, I had a roommate called Ravi Kant Shrivastava 
who related to me an experience in his family when they 
were in Lahore at that time. His dad was a Professor at the 
University there. One Sunday morning, Professor 
Shrivastava was walking down a lane ending into a cul-desac. 
He was late for a visit to his friend in this 
predominantly Moslem neighborhood. One of his students, 
a Moslem, yelled at him from the balcony of his house, 
beckoning him to come inside his house immediately first. 
Notwithstanding protestations, the student dragged the 
Professor into his house and locked him up in a closet. A 
little later he was let go. He was then told that, the previous 
night all the people in that neighborhood had decided that 
the first Hindu that walked in would be slaughtered. 
Professor Shrivastava would have been that person. A 
Hindu teacher was saved by his Moslem student from being 
butchered by other Moslems!. 

It was a mass frenzy. To any right thinking person, it made 
no sense at all. If ‘A’ killed ‘B’ on one side of the border, 
‘C’ killed ‘D’ on the other side, for revenge as well as a 
deterrent from ‘E’ killing ‘F’. Who started all this first? 
Don’t bother answering that question. Husband would be 

185 




RAJ DORÉ 

tied to a pole in the railway station. In front of his eyes, 
throats of his child would be split open by bare knife. His 
wife would be raped, before her breasts cut out and strewn 
on the floor. His parents would be cut into pieces. After 
witnessing all this he would be untied and killed too. A little 
boy of his would probably escape to come and tell the story 
to others. These were not just stray incidents. There were 
thousands of such incidents taking place in broad daylight 
all over. 

Pakistan was a wholly Moslem state. Hindus settled in 
Pakistani territories had to be uprooted. They no longer 
belonged there. But India declared herself secular. Families 
were thrown apart as they fled. We used to hear broadcasts 
on the All India Radio, separated families trying to find 
each other. “Vishwanath, Shikohabad sey poochtain hain, 
Akka, Appanna, Gullu, Giri, Roopa aur Babu, Kahaan hein 
aur Kaisay Hain!! “. (“Vishwanath from Shikohabad seeks 
to know where and how are Akka, Appanna, Gullu, Giri, 
Roopa & Babu”) When you heard your name being 
announced like that, you were supposed to go to the nearest 
police station and let them know your whereabouts. 

The only entity that could and did bring some semblance of 
sanity was Mahatma Gandhi. He fasted unto death in 
Calcutta and stopped the carnage there. However he was 
assassinated by Nathuram Godse on January 30th 1948. We 
were in Bangalore and that evening at about 5:30, within 
half an hour of his shooting, a cousin of ours told us as he 
heard about it on his way in the bus. We even did not have a 
radio at home to listen to the news. We had to rush to some 
neighborhood house. I was too young to understand what 

186 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

had happened. I was asking everybody who was this 
Mahatma Gandhi and whether he was bigger than the King 
was. Every body was fretting and fuming to even bother 
listening to my questions. They were all talking about how 
he was shot by a revolver, whatever that was. It seemed like 
the whole nation wept for his death. Even our own family 
members observed fasting until his body was cremated next 
day. Ashes were distributed a few days later in schools that 
were brought home in small packets for people to put a 
speck on their foreheads and touch on their eyelids with 
solemnity. 

With Mahatma Gandhi’s death things could only turn 
worse. Riots broke out again. Rashtriya Swayam Sevak 
Sangh, a Hindu volunteer organization was blamed for the 
death as well as for fomenting religious bigotry, rightly or 
wrongly. Ramanna was a strong sympathizer of this 
organization and was an undergraduate student at Anand in 
Gujarat. He was telegraphed to come home immediately as 
he would have been in danger of being in harm’s way. One 
could not say what was in store next, for the country and 
our family. 

To give you a historical perspective, it was the time when: 
King George the VI was the Monarch in England, Harry 
Truman was the U.S. President, Europe was in shambles 
and Marshall Plan had not yet been announced, Don 
Bradman was the Captain of Australian cricket team, the 
United Nations was still functioning from Lake Success 
UT, the state of Israel had just been inaugurated, a very 
young singer called Lata Mangeshkar was struggling to get 
her first song recorded. 

187 




RAJ DORÉ 

The Dilemma: 

Seven days after leaving Karachi harbor, our ship arrived in 
Bombay. After taking railway trains, we finally made it to 
Bangalore. 

We landed at my aunt Vijayamchitti’s house on 11 Nehru 
Nager. She had rented out half of that house and was living 
in the other half with 2 sons and 3 unmarried daughters. She 
declined Appanna’s offer of monetary compensation for our 
stay with her. He used every other opportunity to make 
good her hospitality. 
After a couple of weeks, Appanna wanted to go back to 
Hyderabad (Sind) and start where he had left off. To Akka 
and others that seemed like an insanely suicidal thought. He 
wanted to go keep a promise he had made to his friend and 
colleague. To others it seemed like jumping into a 
quicksand or burning house to save a friend. It was a moral 
and ethical dilemma for which there is no easy judgment 
possible. 

Of the seven sons and one daughter, only the oldest two had 
semblance of being settled. I being the youngest was still 
only 7 years old not yet in the primary school. Appanna’s 
chances of coming back alive from that Inferno was very 
slim if at all. Should he or should he not go to save a friend 
from his predicament? 

Mukhi-sahib wrote letters beseeching Appana’s return. At 
least 2 of those were intercepted by Akka and not given to 
him until later. Appanna was understandably very upset. 
There was commotion in the house and a furor in the 

188 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

family. Appanna packed up and was going to leave for 
Hyderabad (Sind), regardless. 

That was when Akka got into hysterics and decided to go 
on a hunger strike until, either death or Appanna rescind his 
decision. The tussle went on for nearly 3 days. Akka lay in 
her bed without having eaten even as much as a morsel of 
food. 

Finally Appanna had to give in. He decided not to return 
and wrote to Mukhi-sahib of his decision. Mukhi-sahib felt 
betrayed and very disappointed and wrote him so. It was a 
long time before the two could patch up their friendship. 
This dilemma can be perceived from the perspectives of the 
three people directly linked. 

I feel Appanna’s main motivation for wanting to go back 
was indeed to keep the promise he had made to Mukhisahib. 
But that was only one of the several reasons. 

He was also totally and completely in love with the 
PowerHouse where he had spent almost 2 decades. He had 
built it from scratch, nuts and bolts, to finally rise to be its 
Chief Engineer. For him that Power House was almost as 
much part of his life on the one hand as his wife and kids 
were, on the other. Between the two, it was a very 
intractable choice he was being forced to make. He thought 
he could get away having them both. 

He was also a person who dedicated himself a cent percent 
to his work, making him almost a workaholic. Work was for 
him a 24 hours a day, 365 days a year involvement. For a 

189 




RAJ DORÉ 

long time later on, he would wake up at the middle of the 
night sweating, thinking that some transformer somewhere 
needed his attention. He would still hear telephone ringing 
or generator pounding when we were 1500 miles away from 
the PowerHouse. To make such a person sit idle and read 
newspaper every morning was a cruel punishment he could 
not suffer. 

He had been a highly respected person with a lot of power 
and prestige. The kind of treatment he was getting in 
Bangalore then was a total travesty. 

All these factors put together made him almost obsessed 
with the idea of going back without regard to the risk he 
was putting his family and his own life into. 

From Akka’s perspective there was indeed very little she 
could have done by way of leveraging her opinion on his 
decision. Her intercepting the letters from Mukhi-sahib was 
indeed wrong. But that was because she was in a quandary. 
No straightforward and correct method may have worked. 
In any case her ploy did not last long nor was it material. 
She did have to finally hand over the letters to him and face 
the consequences. For her too, having a good comfortable 
life with a steady income, power and prestige, was just as 
important as for others. But she was able to weigh it against 
the risk of Appanna not coming back alive at all. She could 
have been widowed with 6 unsettled children and a modest 
nest egg. 

Ideally they two should have locked themselves up in a 
room and discussed this matter like mature and rational 

190 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

adults with Mukhi-sahib’s letters on the table. They should 
have confronted each other boldly, weighed all the pros and 
cons and come to a final decision no matter how 
unpalatable to either. 

On the part of Mukhi-sahib, as a true friend, he should have 
understood the risk he was putting Appanna into. He should 
also have understood Appanna’s family responsibilities, 
predicaments and limitations. Mukhi-sahib did finally wind 
up the establishment in Hyderabad (Sind) and come back to 
settle down in Bombay. Appanna and he met after many 
years and reconciled their differences to patch up their 
friendship. 

But after 50 years, all that is so easy for us to say and be 
judgmental. The mechanics of relationships and 
circumstances were so different then. We can only draw 
lessons from it now. We may face similar dilemma 
ourselves in our lives and do much worse. 

The Village: 

I don’t know what was really going through his mind, 
Appanna every now and then would threaten me that he 
would send me away to mind goats and cows at the 
ancestral village, if I did not study and got good grades in 
school. One of the alternatives he probably considered for 
himself and his family was to go back to the ancestral 
village and take up farming on lands of his paternity, that he 
had left back several decades ago. 

191 




RAJ DORÉ 

One of the most memorable weeks of my life, was the one 
that I spent in our ancestral native village of Ananganellore, 
in North Arcot district, in the state of Tamil Nadu in India. I 
was 8. Appanna took me along, when he went to inaugurate 
the first electrical water pump at our farm there. 

The nearest railway station for the village was Melalathur, 
where only Passenger trains running between Bangalore 
and Madras, stopped for just 2 minutes. About 15 miles 
away was a major railway station of Gudiatham, where all 
trains including Express and Mail, halted for 10 minutes. 
Gudiatham was also the district head quarters. 

The only mode of transport between our village and the 
Melalathur railway station was a bullock cart belonging to 
one Moslem called Ghaffur. By profession, he was probably 
a tailor or a tiller, but he doubled as the Director of 
Transportation, being the only taxi driver in the Village. In 
a typical vernacularization of the name, he was popularly 
called ‘Ghaffoorawn’. We had to inform him ahead of time 
to meet us at the railway station for a particular date, time 
and train. A normal post-card costing half an Anna (16 
Annas made a Rupee) would take about 7 days to reach 
from Bangalore, if at all. So, considerable planning was 
mandatory if we did not want to be stuck after alighting 
from the train and trek our way home carrying the luggage. 

Our Passenger train arrived on time. Yes there was the ever-
obliging smiling face of ‘Ghafforawn’, waiting to receive 
us. The two mile journey took us some 2 hours, with all the 
jostling and rattling of the ill fed bull pulling us at its own 

192 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

sedentary pace. The village had one main street called 
Brahmins’ Agraharam. 

It ended at one end with a temple as cul-de-sac. The first 
house from the temple was that of the Priest. Ours was the 
second house. There were about a dozen or so houses on 
both sides of the street. Beyond that, there were farms as far 
as eye could see. On the backside of our house, flowed the 
river of Palaar, if and when it ever had water flowing. At 
the time we were there, in the middle of summer, the river 
was no wider than a 3-ft canal that we could jump at one 
stretch. 

As the name indicated, this was the street of the Brahmins. 
Others were not allowed to come on it. We had a 
sharecropper called Bhupalu working on our farm who was 
a ‘Pariah’, an outcaste. Even when Appanna would ask him 
to come to the front of the house to talk, he would be too 
awe struck to do so. 

We reached home late afternoon. We had to finish eating 
our dinner before sunset. I had never been in a place that 
fell dark after sunset and people moved around with 
hurricane lanterns. Electric power had just been introduced 
to that village, but only for farming purposes. There was not 
enough to go round for unnecessary luxury like lighting the 
houses. Ours was the first electric pump in a radius of at 
least 25 miles. People just could not believe that water 
could be really pulled from 50 feet below in the dried out 
well, without any human or animal effort. 

193 




RAJ DORÉ 

At the appointed day and time chosen as auspicious by the 
Astrologer, all people of the village gathered around the 
well. After the rituals of offering coconuts, flowers, 
plantains and a lot of prayers to Gods, Appanna finally 
pushed the magic button on the wall. There was first a 
gurgling and grinding noise of the wheels churning. Then 
after a suspenseful pause of a couple of minutes, water 
started to gush from the pipes straight on the faces of the 
people waiting around with skeptical looks. The joy, 
surprise and total bewilderment felt there, are beyond 
description. People purposely came in front of the gushing 
water just to feel the spray, dancing and singing. No such 
thing had ever happened there before. Real spring of water 
in the middle of hot dry summer. Yes, indeed “Eagle had 
landed”. 

At the end of the week we packed up and left for Bangalore. 
We walked across the dried up Palaar, jumping that 3-foot 
stream holding on to our dhotis. On the other side was a bus 
station called Kuthambakkam. A rural bus would come 
every other hour, laden with all kinds of people oozing 
sweat. After loading our luggage on top, we had to huddle 
inside with those zillion people pushing and shoving us. We 
finally made it to Gudiatham to catch an Express train. That 
District was in the Madras Presidency. And our home in 
Bangalore was the Mysore State. We were not allowed to 
take agricultural products across the border. We would do 
that any way. We would tell people at home to wait near the 
railway line for the train we were coming by. As the train 
passed near our house, we would roll the bags of rice and 
other stuff out of the train. 

194 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

The Pits: 

Appanna had built a house on 12 Nehru Nagar in 
Bangalore. Way back in 1940 lots of land were being sold 
cheap in this undeveloped outskirts of town. Akka’s dad 
Bachappa bought one, her sister Vijayamchitti bought one. 
Akka cajoled Appanna into buying one in between those 
two lots. He even built a house on it without knowing that 
he would ever use it for living. He wanted a house there just 
to spend holidays or store unwanted luggage. But later, that 
house was rented out to New India Pharmaceutical Co. 
They were quite prompt in making their rental payments. 
But they were using the house for the manufacture of 
pharmaceuticals that spoiled the floors and walls. They 
were also unwilling to vacate the premises, now that we 
wanted to come and stay there. The court system favored 
the tenants and it was no easy task to get them to go. 
Besides, the court system was ridden with red tape and 
corruption. 

After staying with Vijayamchitti for some 6 months, we 
finally moved into our own “Meenakshi Nilayam”, as the 
house was named. Amma and Kalyaniatthai had already 
started living in our ancestral village Ananganellore after 
we came from Hyderabad(Sind). So it was just my parents, 
Gullanna, Giri, Roopa and myself. Ramanna and Premanna 
were at Navrozji Wadia College in Poona, working on 
Bachelor of Science. 

Vichanna was working for Bajaj Glass Works in 
Shikohabad. He got his first child Mridulatha. Some wanted 
to name her Swatantra, being born 2 weeks after the 

195 




RAJ DORÉ 

Independence. That was the first granddaughter of the 
family. Girls have always been very treasured in our midst. 

Dattanna was working near Ernakulam and got his second 
son Ganesh. Named so for having been born on Ganesh 
Chaturthi day. 

Dattanna would come every now and then to generally be of 
help and assistance. He was instrumental in getting 
Gullanna and Giri admitted to the St. Joseph’s Indian High 
School in Bangalore Cantonment. That was considered 
quite a good convent school for Indian boys. There was still 
a St. Joseph’s European High School meant only for 
Whites. Their school was some 5 miles away from home. 
On weekdays they would get a school bus to get there. But 
some times they would have Extra Classes over the 
weekends or they may miss their bus. Then they had to pack 
their rice-and-curd in tiffin carrier and trek all those 5 miles. 
So they both got bicycles. Gullanna a regular size and Giri a 
smaller one. 

Smaller it may be, but having ones own bicycle clearly put 
him in a higher category. He could even stick two fingers 
inside his mouth and whistle like a railway engine. What 
good was I? Would I ever be good enough to ride a bicycle? 
I told myself, if I ever grow up and make a lot of money, I 
would open a big school for all little boys to learn riding a 
bicycle. Cycling was easily the 3rd best choice for my 
profession after Airplane Pilot and Railway Engine Driver. 

Giri had a very mean teacher. Once Giri fell sick and 
submitted his homework assignment one day too late. The 

196 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

teacher asked him to go sell it in the Russell Market. We all 
gave that teacher fellow, nickname ‘Russell Market’, then 
on. 

Roopa joined Kamala Bai’s Girls’ High School along with 
Vijayamchitti’s daughters Chingariakka and Mythili. It was 
quite a conservative girls-only school. I could never figure 
out what kind of a person this Kamala was, if she was both 
Boy and Girl? Why would my sister want to go to a school 
named after such a weirdo? But when you are barely 8, you 
know you are much smarter than these older folks are, but 
your ideas and opinions just don’t count. The elders just get 
by, riding roughshod over your immense wisdom by brute 
force. That was for sure. Like any nice girl hoping to get a 
good husband, she was given training in playing the Veena. 
Her music teacher would come every other day and the 
whole house would be full of noise. Sooner or later even I 
started to develop a taste for Carnatic classical music. It is 
hard not to do so, when you are held hostage to so much 
good culture thrust down your throat every other day. 
Psychologists call it the Stockholm Syndrome, I believe. 
Being the next younger sibling and a male, it had become 
my role to play her chaperon. Any time all the people had to 
go out when it was her tuition time, I had to stay home. You 
could never say what these music teachers could be up to. 

On our backyard a couple of Car garages were turned into a 
school for little neighborhood kids. I was sent there. After a 
few months I moved to another better school, Arya Vidya 
Shala, a mile away by foot. I started learning Kannada. I 
first had a tutor at home who was just too mean. He would 
make me read from a book and just doze. Then he would 

197 




RAJ DORÉ 

suddenly wake up, call me very sweetly to come close to 
him. As I would go near him waiting to be appreciated, he 
would yell “My dear fellow, how come you have no brains 
whatsoever?” Once Akka caught him catching me by the 
ear and twisting it hard. That was the last we ever heard of 
him in our house. Then I got another tutor that was much 
better, except that he had the habit of using nasal snuff 
powder all the time and sneezing it on a handkerchief that 
needed washing very badly. I started liking the new school 
and had some good friends. My grades were generally 
picking up. 

After we moved out, Vijayamnchitti rented out half of her 
house to one Dr. Rama Iyer, an Ayurvedic doctor. He had 
boys of my age group, called Balu and Cheenu. We used to 
play cricket on the dusty road in front of our house and 
generally hang out together. I asked Balu once to teach me 
how to whistle like Giri did. He wanted 10 matchbox labels 
to do that. Despite bargaining and negotiating, he would not 
bring the price down below 8. There was no way I was 
going to pay that kind of a price. My matchbox labels were 
really of very superior quality and rarity. Ask anyone. At 
that tender age itself I learnt that technology did not come 
cheap and people who have it do not part with it easily. So I 
decided to go on my own. I tried hard to imitate what they 
were doing. All I got at the end of my effort was a lot of 
snort from my nostrils and bloated sinuses. I decided that 
whistling was not the be all or end all of life. Did Alexander 
the Great whistle when he was young? What about Erroll 
Flynn or Vijay Merchant or Frank Worrell? They were no 
whistlers either. They did pretty well in their lives did they 
not? 

198 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

All this was a far cry from the kind of life we were used to. 
We thought people here were very mean and rude. The 
family savings were dwindling. Appanna thought of all 
kinds of avenues to keep himself gainfully engaged. He 
even applied for the job of a Meter Reader in the local 
Power Company. He was disqualified for he was overqualified. 
He wanted to put his remaining savings into a 
Restaurant business. That was too risky and none of us 
knew anything of running a restaurant. Then he decided to 
put some money into building another floor above our 
house so it could be rented out. 

The contractors and masons were again hard to get by. They 
were all totally corrupt and crooked. They had to be 
watched constantly and sometime things had to be done 
ourselves. Gullanna would go on his bicycle late at night 
looking for some wood or steel bars and then saw them for 
window frames. Crime and burglary was a constant threat. 
Once even as we were all at home, the house was 
burglarized at the middle of the night. The cops were totally 
incompetent and sometimes hand in glove with the 
criminals themselves. Even ordinary things like getting 
firewood for hot water or grocery for kitchen, had become 
one big relentless juggernaut. There was no decent mode of 
transport. The local buses were undependable, overcrowded 
and inconvenient. There used to be horse drawn carriages 
called Jutka. That would jostle along forever and haggling 
with that driver at the end of journey was more stressful 
than the whole journey itself. After a lot of thinking we 
finally indulged in the luxury of buying a radio. Paillard, a 
Swiss make multi-band Short-wave radio. 

199 




RAJ DORÉ 

In the middle of all this it was found that Appanna had 
diabetes. Once he was walking barefoot on the front yard 
and stepped on a rusty steel wire left over from a cracker 
during Deepawali festival. That wounded his foot and 
caused septic. In a course of time it got so bad that the 
Allopathic doctors decided that his foot would have to be 
amputated. That was indeed a very agonizing possibility 
and it seems Appanna even considered ending his life rather 
than do that. Then Dr. Rama Iyer next door took a look at it 
and asked if he could get a chance to cure it. He applied 
some indigenous leaves and pastes. Within 3 days 
everything got healed like nothing had ever happened. 

The upstairs was duly completed and let out as two 
tenements. We lived in half of the downstairs portion. The 
remaining half of downstairs was also let out as two 
tenements. That brought in some steady income. We were 
not destitute by any means. But there had been a precipitous 
fall in our living standard and style. 

This was going on and on for months without any end in 
sight. 

Then finally after more than 2 years of our coming to 
Bangalore, at the end of 1949, a letter arrived from long 
time friend called Chandan Singh Bharkatiya, now living in 
the city of Indore. 

END OF PART ONE 

200 



PART TWO - PARADISE REGAINED 

The Backdrop: 

In early 16th Century there was a Palace Revolt in 
Chittorgarh, the Capital of the Kingdom of Mewar. All 
members of the royal family were killed, excepting one. 
Infant prince Udai Singh was in the care of his wet nurse 
Pannadhai. She was looking after him along with her own 
infant son, as she heard the stomping footsteps of the on 
coming soldiers approaching these portions of royal 
chambers. The Usurpers wanted to eliminate the last of 
potential challengers to the throne. With great presence of 
mind, Pannadhai wrapped the little prince in a blanket and 
placed into a basket. She replaced him with her own infant 
son in the royal crib. After planting one final loving kiss on 
her own son, she fled with the basket. 

201 




RAJ DORÉ 

Prince Udai Singh grew up incognito in the jungles and 
trained to become one fine soldier. He was able to raise an 
army with the help of his loyal followers and other nomadic 
tribes. Then he started looking for a place to establish a new 
capital city from where he could campaign to regain his lost 
kingdom. He traveled some 90 miles west of Chittorgarh 
and found a spot that was ideal, as if ordered by him. In the 
middle of the Aravalli Hills ranges was a large lake Pichola. 
He tied his horse to a stone by the lakeside and looked 
around. He knew then and there, that was his most perfect 
place. He was going to build heavy stone gates at strategic 
entry points to the valley, to prevent and be forewarned of 
unfriendly intruders. He would place observation posts on 
hilltops. The lake would provide wherewithal for any 
prolonged siege. The thick jungle blanketing the hills and 
valleys would also provide perfect hideout for his fledgling 
army. What more could he have asked for? Thus the city of 
Udaipur was founded. 

All the kings who succeeded Udai Singh built on what he 
had found first. They consolidated his gains by building 
more dams across the valleys to collect rain water into large 
reservoirs. To establish their authority, they built fortresses 
and palaces across this territory of nearly the size of 
England. However they were constantly struggling to 
maintain their independence from Invaders and Empire-
builders from outside. The Maharana, as the kings of this 
state were called, made a treaty with the British, when the 
British subjugated the whole sub-continent. The Maharana 
was allowed to keep his internal autonomy pretty much 
intact. His government was even allowed to mint its own 
coins, which were valid legal tender along with the Indian 

202 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

currency. In return, a British Resident was allowed to stay 
in the city, who acted as the ‘ears and eyes’ of the British 
Crown. Defense and External relations were within the 
overall jurisdiction of the British Viceroy. 

In the 1920’s British King George 5th held a Durbar at the 
newly inaugurated Indian Capital of New Delhi. Along with 
the other Indian Maharajahs and Nawabs, he invited 
Maharana Fateh Singh of Mewar. The Maharana was going 
to be conferred the titles of GCSI (Grand Commander Star 
of India) and KCIE (Knight Commander of Indian Empire). 
It was also symbolic of all the attending Princes accepting 
the hegemony of the British Monarch by paying their 
obeisance. In the last four Centuries, Maharanas of Mewar 
had taken the vow of never going to Delhi and offer 
obeisance to any Emperor, not even to the Grand Moguls. 
Was the Maharana going to do that now? The Maharana 
politely informed of his inability to attend the Durbar due to 
‘indisposition’. The British sent an Emissary to deliver the 
titles to him at Udaipur. The Maharana gave audience to the 
Emissary and received the honors. After the Emissary left, 
His Highness directed that the Sash and Insignia be put on 
his favorite horse. 

Maharana Fateh Singh was very wary of foreign influence 
on his Kingdom. He guarded age-old traditions very 
jealously. He himself moved around on horseback when 
outside his state, people used for transportation a new 
innovation called automobile. 

203 




RAJ DORÉ 

One night the Maharana went to bed wondering why the 
soup he had for dinner tasted a little different. He never 
woke up to find out the reason. 

Short-circuit in the Network: 

Fateh Singh was succeeded by his son Bhupal Singh to the 
throne. He was mentally very competent but was paraplegic 
below the waist, being a victim of polio in childhood. The 
new Maharana was more liberal. He opened up his territory 
to some modern technology. He laid railways connecting 
Udaipur to major cities. He built roads and imported cars. 
Besides opening schools and colleges for boys and girls, he 
also introduced electricity by establishing a Power Utility 
company named after him. That was primarily meant for 
supplying electric power to his palaces. Excess capacity 
was sold to general public. As the demand for electricity 
started to grow with the growth of the city, his government 
soon realized that they could not manage this company 
efficiently by themselves anymore. They invited bids from 
outside parties for buying and managing this company. 

Suganmal Bhandari was the Chairman and principal 
stockholder of Nandlal Bhandari & Co., in Indore. This 
company was basically in the Textile industry. They were 
looking for opportunities to diversify and expand into other 
territories. With lots of construction activities going on in 
Udaipur, they wanted to get a foot inside the doors of 
Maharana’s government, so they may exploit business 
opportunities there. With this in mind, they put in their bid 
for this Power Utility company, even though they had no 
experience in that field. As luck would have it, their bid was 

204 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

accepted. They were landed with this baby, with which they 
had no idea what to do. Suganmal happened to mention his 
predicament to another business friend of his Chandan 
Singh Bharkatiya, while making polite social conversation. 
Chandan Singh responded by saying, he knew just the right 
person who could help him out. Thus came about that letter 
from Chandan Singh to Appanna at the end of 1949. 
Appanna went to Indore in response. After meeting with 
Suganmal and Chandan Singh, in January of 1950, he 
accepted the position of Chief Engineer and Manager of 
Maharana Bhupal Electric Supply Co., Ltd., in Udaipur 
(Rajasthan). When he returned from Indore, Appanna came 
laden with presents for all of us. I saw the card in the leather 
writing pad he brought for Akka. It read “To TDO”. The 
acronym stood for “The Dear One”. He went to Udaipur 
alone to take over his new charge and make arrangements 
for rest of us to join him. Our schools were still on and the 
annual exams would not be over for another 3 months. On 
April 24th 1950 we all boarded the train from Bangalore for 
Udaipur. Happy days were going to be here again. 

Putting the Pieces Back Together: 

We started regaining the old luster in our life-style. We had 
a nice house with servants, cooks and car with chauffeur. In 
the beginning this place was so unspoiled that they even had 
not heard of that ubiquitous scourge called Income Tax. 
People were very simple minded and innocent. Vegetable 
vendors did not know about weighing and counting. You 
handed over a fistful of coins and she would shove a big 
handful of vegetables into your bag. The monarchical 
system had imbibed a sense of respect and awe toward all 

205 




RAJ DORÉ 

those wielding power and influence. It was considered rude 
to look at a person of higher standing in his eye when 
talking to him. 

The changeover from Kannada medium in Bangalore to 
Hindi medium in Udaipur was quite hard on us at school. 
Giri, Roopa and myself had a private tutor at home to make 
this transition easy. He was a direct descendent of Goswami 
Tulsidas. For those who don’t know, he wrote the 
Ramayana in Hindi considered a Masterpiece of literature. 
He is considered the Shakespeare of Hindi literature. Our 
teacher, Sri Ganesh Puri Goswami, as he was called would 
knock off one mark for every word we used that was not 
Hindi in its utmost purity. Getting him to sign off our 
homework, with his characteristic ‘GA-PURI’, at the end of 
the day would win us our daily wings. 

Dattanna had moved to Burnpur near Calcutta, having got a 
position with Indian Iron & Steel Co., there. Ramanna was 
working on his Law degree at Poona. Premanna was in the 
Medical College at Madras. All the rest of us were at 
Udaipur. Vichanna had moved from Shikohabad and was 
now running his own glass bead factory. The others were in 
college and schools. Dattanna wanted Kartik to bond with 
his grandparents and learn family tradition. So he was 
staying there too. When we sat for dinner it was a room-
full. At around 9 AM it was a mad rush for all of us to get 
ready for the day. We would all try to get into the bathroom 
at the same time. When we got into the car (‘loaded 
ourselves’ would be a more appropriate expression) it 
would be like a can of sardines. 

206 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

There was a kind of double facet to our personalities. Inside 
the house we maintained a typical Tamil Brahmin orthodox 
tradition. We ate on the floor, only a Tamil vegetarian 
cuisine. Observed all the rituals and festivals. But once we 
stepped out of the house we had to mingle with our North 
Indian friends and colleagues. The language we spoke was a 
mongrel of Sindhi, English, Tamil, Kannada and Hindi. 
Which language dominated, depended upon what we tried 
to emote. Our language of profanity was developed only in 
languages that were spoken outside home. We remained so 
illiterate when it came to abusing in Tamil. 

This dual culture manifested itself in various forms. Akka 
would want us to go abegging on ‘Porattashi’ Saturdays. On 
those four Saturdays in the month of ‘Porattashi’ we had to 
don silk dhotis, wear a ‘naamam’ on the foreheads and go 
seeking alms. We had to eat only what we collected in 
charity. This is supposed to be an exercise in frugality, 
humility and penance. However being what we were and 
the school bell ringing at 9 AM sharp on Saturdays, we 
would go ‘abegging’ in our chauffeur driven limousine!! 
Akka would call 4 families ahead of time to keep our alms 
ready. We would get down from the car, costumed like 
clowns and pick up our ‘alms’ that would be kept ready for 
us. After finishing our round of 4 houses, we would 
hurriedly rub off the makeup and change into ‘civilized’ 
clothes in the car itself before rushing to the classroom as 
the bell would ring. In the school of course the environment 
was quite different. We spoke, sang and learnt everything in 
Hindi and sometimes in the Mewari dialect. 

207 




RAJ DORÉ 

In 1952 we celebrated the 60th birthday of Appanna. We 
invited our family priest Ranganatha Shastrigal from 
Vellore. Aunts, Uncles and Cousins from all over came. 
The house was full of fun and frolic. When people talk of 
‘quality time’, that is my idea of it. When we went seeing 
movies, we had to book one full row from one end of the 
hall to another. And there were those endless picnics and 
outings. 

Udaipur has a typical Tropical climate. Some 10 weeks of 
summer stretching from May till end July. At this time the 
temperature easily hits 110 F or 40 C. In those days A/C 
was an unthinkable luxury. Most people stayed home 
during days with blinds drawn on all the windows and 
doors. We would sleep on the terrace during nights after 
sprinkling water on the floor. With cool breeze blowing 
from the lakes, it would be just heavenly. Come end-July or 
early August, we would have the first sprinklings of 
Monsoon rains. It would rain heavily for a few days. Then it 
would sprinkle off and on till the end of the year. All the 
lakes would be full to the brim. The surrounding hills would 
be blanketed by greenery all across. Peacocks would start 
crowing and dancing in the woods. It would be a common 
sight to see them spread their dazzling tails even from our 
own windows. That would be the time when the whole 
landscape takes on a most beautiful sight imaginable. 
People would celebrate the season by having Fairs, Dances 
and Music. There is something about Folk Music. It does 
not follow any set rules or need special training. It comes 
straight from the hearts and souls of people. As if from the 
soil and earth itself. It penetrates straight into the depths of 
your sentiments. The percussion beats and soulful tunes 

208 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

have that pristine and primeval human flavor that is hard to 
define. That is what makes it such an important part of the 
whole environment. It touches you right within your vital 
parts. The whole area becomes so beautiful that it has been 
a favorite haunt for moviemakers to shoot their films. We 
have met several of them including Vyjayantimala, Dilip 
Kumar and Shashikala etc. It is also a favorite place of other 
celebrities from India and abroad to come for their private 
vacation. There are any number of most picturesque spots 
for outings and picnics. 

By now the political landscape in the country was also 
slowly changing. New Constitution had been inaugurated. 
The erstwhile princely states were all consolidated into 
Federal States headed by Governors. In 1952 first General 
Elections were held for Federal and State governments. I 
recall Jawaharlal Nehru’s visit to Udaipur on a campaign 
trip. We were at the airport reception for him. There were 
throngs of crowd all over, trying to get a glimpse of this 
national hero. Appanna, Ramanna and myself did not want 
to get jostled by the surging crowd and were quietly 
standing at one corner of the tarmac. And to our utter 
surprise, Nehru came walking in our direction as he was 
taken on a detour from the main crowd. We not only got to 
take a good look at him but also shake his hand and 
exchange pleasantries. A little later as we were trying to get 
back into our car, we found that Indira Gandhi had got 
separated from her dad and got mixed up with our section 
of the crowd. As she was trying to get back into Nehru’s 
jeep, a policeman not knowing who she was, was trying to 
beat and push her back. At his point Ramanna stepped in 

209 




RAJ DORÉ 

and played the chivalrous Sir Gallahad. She finally got on 
the jeep and waved us good-bye. 

Empty Nest: 

Around this time Vichanna decided to wind up his bead-
making factory as he had a job opportunity in Bombay. 
However after taking up that job he was not very happy 
with it. Appanna had known a German friend called G. 
Wilhelm from back in Hyderabad days. He had come to 
Appanna as a Sales Engineer from Siemens of Germany 
selling Siemens turbines, before the WW2. However during 
the war he had been imprisoned as a citizen of enemy 
country. After the war was over he along with 3 other 
partners started a company called Protos Engineering Co., 
which were the agents in India for Siemens as well as other 
German companies trying to re-establish their business. 
They were expanding and needed a good dependable work 
force. Appanna renewed his friendship with Wilhelm and 
sent a letter through Vichanna. Thereby Vichanna got a 
position of Sales Engineer with the Siemens in Bombay. 

Along with Roopa’s wedding I also had my Upanayanam in 
1953. Later Appanna and I returned to Udaipur while Akka 
was still behind winding up and taking care of some other 
chores. On our way we stopped at Bombay and paid a visit 
to Wilhelm at Protos Engineering Co. Appanna wanted to 
personally thank him for the help he had given Vichanna. 
That was the first time I also met Wilhelm as Appanna 
introduced me. Appanna also bought me my first 
wristwatch, during our halt at Bombay. As we tried 
boarding the Frontier Mail at Bombay Central station, we 

210 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

found that there was a mix up in our First Class reservation. 
The Travel Agency asked for berth in the name of Mr S. C. 
Doré. In the telegram ‘S’ of the initials got attached to “Mr” 
and they reserved a berth for “Mrs” C. Doré in the ladies 
compartment! 

By 1953 all the birds had flown away and the nest in 
Udaipur had become almost empty. Roopa had got married 
and lived in Bangalore. Gullanna had joined Engineering 
College and Giri joined Commerce College in Bangalore. 
They were staying in “Meenakshi Nilayam” with Amma 
and Kalyaniathai. Ramanna and Premanna were still 
studying at Poona and Madras respectively. So that left just 
me and my parents at home. I was in High School now. 

After appearing for my High School exam in 1955, we all 
went to Bangalore for Roopa’s first confinement. I got my 
Roll Number all fouled up. When the results were 
announced in the newspaper, everybody home thought I had 
flunked. Appanna was in Udaipur and found out from 
school that I had really passed with good grades. He wrote a 
strong letter telling me that just for that reason, I deserved 
to be flunked! 

Appanna would invariably score 20 out of 20 in the 
“Readers Digest” Word Power quiz. Once he got 19 and 
after referring to the dictionary we found Wilfred Funk had 
flunked! We could hardly come up to that kind of record, 
but we tried. At home we were all strongly encouraged to 
read books. In fact if you wanted to appreciate and 
understand the conversations at dinner time, you had to be 
quite well versed with various quotes and anecdotes from 

211 




RAJ DORÉ 

PP (“Pickwick Papers”) or P&P (“Pride and Prejudice”), 
besides, PG Wodehouse, Dickens, Alexander Dumas Oliver 
Wendell Holmes, etc. There was always a large stack of 
books in our library at home. Very early on I realized that 
books are my best friends. There is nothing in this world at 
my level of information, that somebody has not already 
thought of and written a book about. Whenever I had a 
question or was curious about something, I could always 
pore over a relevant book to figure out the answer. Books 
never talk back at you. They never tell you your question is 
stupid. They don’t tell others behind your back about what 
questions you asked and spread embarrassing rumors. 
Whenever Appanna went on business trips I would ask him 
to get me books. My favorite authors at that time were R. K. 
Narayanan and Pearl Buck. Along with my books Appanna 
would also bring a bunch more. My school would finish in 
the afternoon by 4 and when I came home there would be 
nobody. I would normally curl up with some book. Once I 
found a book on “Marriage and Sex” written by a couple of 
very recognized medical professionals. Appanna had 
brought it on his latest trip. I sneaked and read that book 
from cover to cover, when nobody was watching. Now 
looking back I realize that I was not outsmarting my father. 
That is exactly what he intended me to do! We never could 
have a frank conversation on matters like this. Instead, he 
bought that book and just put it in the shelf so I would read 
it behind his back! Otherwise I don’t think at the age of 65 
he would have bought that book for his own reference! I 
believe that was pretty smart of him. That was my father, 
my hero. “Talk by your deeds, not by words”, “Keep your 
eyes and ears open but mouth shut”, he would say. 

212 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Task of Sisyphus: 

Soon after assuming his new position in Udaipur, Appanna 
realized that it was not for nothing that the erstwhile owners 
of the company wanted to get it off their hair. It was ridden 
with all kinds of problems and Appanna had to shoulder 
them. The Company had been running at a loss and money 
was being constantly sunk into it just to keep it afloat. It had 
no system of administration. The people working there had 
neither any technical nor managerial talent. The power 
generators were old and inefficient. It was a typical catch 
twenty-two situation. The company could not become 
efficient and profitable unless more money was invested 
into it. The parent company was reluctant to pour more 
money into an enterprise that was already running at a loss 
and they had not intended to buy for keeping anyway. There 
was constant labor unrest as people working there were not 
happy with low wages and poor working conditions. When 
the company tried to get out of the financial mess by 
increasing the price of electricity, the consuming public 
raised hue and cry. Power Utility is a highly visible industry 
and touches every person on the street. Thus local 
politicians and the government officials were willingly 
participating in the fray taking sides in warring factions. 
There was also a very huge credibility gap amongst the 
public, labor, government and the parent company. 
Appanna was right in the middle of all this. 

Building trust and confidence is the key to any situation 
where there is such an amount of chaos and disorder. 

213 




RAJ DORÉ 

For example if there is a fire in a theater with a huge crowd 
trapped into it all the people can be saved if there is one 
person at the exit that they all trust to maintain order and let 
them out in an orderly manner. If not all the people would 
try rushing out at the same time and all of them would court 
disaster. 

Another example would be when there is a run on a bank. 
Due to some rumor if there is a panic and all depositors 
withdraw their moneys from a bank at the same time, the 
rumor becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy and the bank does 
in reality collapse. Somebody needs to step in and shore up 
the confidence level of the depositors for the bank to stay 
afloat. 

Appanna’s task was similar. It took him quite a while to 
gradually win the confidence of the investors, consumers, 
labor and the government. And that process was very 
arduous and also fraught with danger to his personal safety. 
There were times when there was all out strike by the trade 
union. His office was surrounded by placard holding and 
picketing laborers. He was kept locked up in his office for 
several hours. There were times when the public was in a 
rage and his car was surrounded by a crowd while on his 
way to work with hecklers trying to manhandle him. But in 
such situations, it was his undaunted pursuit of truthfulness 
and fair-mindedness that pulled him through. Slowly people 
started to like him and even trust him as a person. But at 
that point the adverse factions wanted him out of the way so 
they could fly at each other’s throats and pull each other’s 
hair! 

214 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

There were also suggestions that the company be taken over 
by the government. To pull the company out of this morass, 
the government had to be convinced that no matter who 
runs it, the price of electricity had to be increased to 
generate real resources. Having done that, the investors had 
to be convinced that the extra resource had to be ploughed 
back for buying better and more efficient machinery to 
produce more electricity cheaply. Then the real profits had 
to be shared between the labor and consuming public. 

At this point there was one local politician called Mohanlal 
Sukhadia who rose to prominence and held the position of 
the Chief Minister in the Rajasthan government for record 
number of years. For him keeping the city of his home 
constituency happy and prosperous was of paramount 
importance for political survival. Electric power is the basis 
for every other economic development he had in mind. The 
old cliche goes, “There is no Power as expensive as no 
Power”. He himself figured out that taking over a company 
that was being managed as best as it could be, was not a 
smart idea. He wanted the company to expand and grow, 
along with the growth of the city and all the new plans he 
had in mind. As a matter of fact, Sukhadia not only wanted 
Appanna to continue the good work he was doing in 
Udaipur but also nominated Appanna to the Consultative 
Committee for the State Electricity Board, so his knowledge 
and experience could be utilized for other projects, 
government had in mind. Appanna was also nominated for 
the State Productivity Council and was given medals of 
honor. 

215 




RAJ DORÉ 

By around the middle of 1955 it seemed like the dark 
clouds hovering around Appanna’s work were slowly 
clearing. Even then he would put some 16-hour a day and 7 
days work week. 

Pinnacle of Glory: 

In 1955 after graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in 
Commerce, Giri was going to start working on Chartered 
Accountancy with a firm Appanna knew in Indore. 
Meanwhile Vichanna informed that Siemens were looking 
for three fresh graduates to train in Germany for 3 years 
before being absorbed in Management cadre. That was a 
golden opportunity and Giri left for Germany in January 
1956. We all were terribly excited about the whole event. 
That was the first ‘Doré’ to set foot outside the country. Giri 
got excellent reports there. His weekly letter home was a 
family event we all would look forward with eagerness and 
excitement all week. We would sit around as Appanna 
would read it to us and we would be looking askance. 

Next to go overseas were Vichanna and Sarlamanni. They 
were in Germany too and came back with a whole lot of 
slides of Europe and gifts for all of us. Tape Recorder was a 
great novelty then. We were quite fascinated at listening to 
our own voices played back. 

1956 was also eventful for we got our first ‘Doctor in the 
House’. Yes Premanna passed from Madras Medical 
College with good honors and our pride went up one more 
notch. He had made all arrangements to go to Edinburgh 
and then to London for doing his MRCP. He came to 

216 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

Udaipur to spend some time before departing overseas. 
Even his passage on the ship had been booked. There was a 
certain amount of nervousness on the parts of Appanna and 
Akka at one more son, especially a doctor son, going away 
for so long when their own age was advanced and health 
was uncertain. To make things worse there was a crisis in 
the international scene as Gamel Abdel Nasser of Egypt 
nationalized the Suez Canal and there was an imminent 
danger of a 3rd World War breaking out. With all this 
Premanna’s going to Edinburgh got postponed and then 
canceled altogether. He got a job at the General Hospital in 
Udaipur itself. 

Around this time our family had reached its zenith. We had 
gained a lot of stature in the society. While our family was 
known for Appanna, it was now also being widely 
recognized for Premanna. In fact there was hardly anybody 
in the city and even state wide, that was not some how or 
other touched by either. Akka had her own circle of friends 
and so did I. We were members of local country club. Even 
though Appanna himself was not the clubbable kind, we 
used to make full use of it with his membership. In a town 
of about 100,000 people we were one of the just a half a 
dozen family that became highly respected and recognized. 
At the end of a typical day we would all sit together or get 
into the car for a drive around the Fateh Sagar Lake, 
exchanging our day’s happenings. Premanna’s experiences 
in his medical world would never stop amusing us. If 
nothing else, he would tell us all about a ‘fantastic’ case of 
some latinized name for heinous medical malady. We 
would all wonder how such an abomination could ever be 
‘fantastic’. 

217 




RAJ DORÉ 

There were times when Premanna and I were left alone at 
home with only the local servants who did not know any 
South Indian cooking. We asked Akka to give recipes and 
directions in writing. We experimented with cooking 
ourselves. We only had problem in getting the right 
proportions of different ingredients. The outcome was not 
always all that bad. We exhausted Akka’s year’s worth of 
grocery stocks in about a month in this process of learning 
by trial and error. Once we made Pudhina Chutney and left 
it on the grinding stone as we forgot to bring to the dining 
table. Next morning we found a rodent quite dead near that 
stone. It is still a mystery if our Pudhina Chutney was the 
cause. If we could figure that out we could have got a patent 
for pesticide. 

Premanna’s wedding to Prabhamanni took place in 1959 at 
Madras. We had taken some servants from Udaipur for 
help. One of them was Kishan Singh who knew no word of 
Tamil and was also one eyed. In the afternoon of the 
Wedding Reception, all the male members were having a 
siesta on the floor of a big hall. The groom woke up with a 
start and remarked that the trousseau for that evening’s gala 
was all crumpled and needed ironing. I woke up hearing 
that and said my suit needed ironing too. I volunteered to 
take his and mine to a nearby laundry. Slowly each man 
woke up rubbing his eyes and wanted to join the fray. 
Before long I was entrusted with the onerous task of getting 
a dozen suits properly pressed. I went to the laundry along 
with Kishan Singh carrying the load of suits. I got the 
groom’s suit pressed first on top priority and sent it back 
with Kishan Singh, as we were already quite late and 
dignitaries would have started arriving. I was to follow with 

218 




TANDOORI TEXAN TALES 

the other suits after they had been done. When I reached the 
Wedding, there was no sign of Kishan Singh and the 
groom’s suit. At the appointed time we were all dressed 
prim and proper, excepting the prima donna, who was still 
in his underpants! Kishan Singh finally showed up an hour 
late. There were half a dozen Wedding Receptions in the 
neighborhood that evening. He had lost his way and was 
looking for us in the wrong wedding. He could not even ask 
anybody for directions, as nobody would understand him. 
Moral of the story: Don’t mix an important assignment with 
a bunch of less important ones. You may call it a corollary 
of Murphy’s Law. 

Our parents had set a goal for all of us. They wanted that 
every single one of us must complete a Bachelor’s degree at 
the very least. Better if we chose to go higher. They never 
forced a choice of any particular profession. We were pretty 
much free to take any subject or line we felt comfortable 
with. 

After we returned celebrating Premanna-Prabhamanni 
wedding in September 1959, I went to Jaipur to attend the 
Convocation ceremony at my University there. I received 
my degree of Bachelor of Science. I came back and showed 
my picture in the gown and hood, bearing the rolled up 
scroll in hand. Appanna and Akka were sitting together. 
Appanna took the picture from my hand. The expression he 
had on his face is still frozen in my memory. The gray 
eyebrows over his eyes were knitted. He had that glazed 
look on his wrinkled face. Was it pride, joy, sense of 
accomplishment or just relief? May be all of it. He was not 
a person that was easily moved to tears. He could barely 

219 




RAJ DORÉ 

control a couple, ebbing in his eyes. That was of joy and 
happiness. It was not so much of a degree for me. It was for 
the Shepherd and Shepherdess whose last sheep had finally 
romped home. 

They must have felt like marathon sprinters having finally 
made it to the finish line. That was a long sprint from where 
we were ten years ago. 

THE END 

220 




ABOUT THE AUTHOR 

Raj Doré is a Software Engineer hailing from a very 
orthodox South-Indian Brahmin family. He was born in 
Hyderabad (Sind), now in Pakistan, before the Partition. 
When the Indian sub-continent was divided, he and his 
family fled to India. He migrated to the United States in 
1977. He now lives with his wife Sumita in Dallas, Texas, 

U.S.A. 
He has B.Sc. (Mathematics, Physics & Geology), MA 
(Political Science) and MBA. Later he worked on MS (CS) 
at the Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas. 

He is a member of MENSA and INTERTEL, the high-IQ 
societies. His writings have been published in their 
magazines as well. 

He has traveled widely in Europe, South America and Asia. 
He knows English, Hindi, Tamil and German. 



 

 

 


