TANGANAKI
Book One of PRIVATEERS FOR THE CROWN 
A Space Adventure Series For Mature Readers 
by Darrell T. Grob

This book is rated R and is intended for the personal enjoyment of adult science fiction readers 18 years of age and older. It contains sci fi action, violence, and profanity, as well as recognizable mature adult sexual situations. All characters depicted in adult situations are written to be at least eighteen years of age and older. Any similarities with any persons or entities, living or dead, fictitious or real, is strictly coincidental.
©2021 Darrell T. Grob

“I love this. I love it all. I love the smell of smoke and blood.” 
-- Dance Hollydon

THE VILLA
Lieutenant Munro was impressed by Admiral Hollydon’s exotically beautiful oceanside villa. With its white epoxy-block and stucco exterior, the round, contoured structure organically melded with the rolling terrain that surrounded it. It was on a large piece of land with a carpet of lush, green nefgrass that was dotted with clusters of tropical trees, palms, and ferns, a home for small animals that gamboled freely. Colorful and wonderfully strange flowers and orchids lined the cobblestone entrance road, its sidewalks, and the house itself.  The entire home had a natural and tranquil ambience to it. 
He climbed out of his speeder and approached the front door. It opened before he reached it. There before him stood the famous Admiral Dance Hollydon herself. He was immediately struck by how beautiful she was: tall, with long, glistening, auburn hair, and a sublime shapely, athletic figure. Her brown eyes were bright and piercing, and for someone who lived such a rigorous and hard life as a highly decorated and renowned Navy commander, her skin was tan, smooth, and flawless. She looked twenty years younger than her fifty-three year age. Dressed in what could only be described as a loose gauze pajama ensemble that concealed nothing, she was thoroughly feminine, and to him she was every scintilla an alluring and glamorous woman.
It was hard for him not to drink in her beauty and grace. But mindful of her rank over him, the lieutenant didn’t want to be rude, or worse insubordinate or disrespectful, by appearing to stare at her in her sultry glory. He clumsily averted his eyes from her as she approached him.
She was also very cordial and welcoming. “Hello. You must be Lieutenant Munro. I’m Dance Hollydon. Welcome to Jenkette. Please, come in.”
He saluted. “Lieutenant Sagun Munro, ma’am.”
She said, “It’s obvious that my subordinates you’ve talked to haven’t told you about Rule #2: no ranks. I’ve always operated on a first name basis. The closer we are to each other personally, the safer we are. You always defend the people you care about most. Besides, it makes it more impactful when I do call out someone by their name and rank. It’s kind of like when we got into trouble as children. When our mother called us by our first and last name, we knew we were really in trouble.”
“Yes, ma’am. I’ve read your special rules. I forgot,” he said.
“There you go with the ‘ma’am’ thing. Please, call me Dance. May I call you ‘Sagun’?”
“Of course, and I have to admit, being on a first-name basis with you is an honor in itself, and a bit intimidating. As a matter of fact, I can’t think of another senior officer I know that doesn’t want to be called by their name and rank. They’re pretty stuffy.”
“That’s because a lot of senior officers and politicians like to hear their own names and ranks said out loud,” she said. “It’s a pride thing. It makes them feel important. But you can relax, Sagun. Please, don’t be intimidated by me. I’m perfectly comfortable with us being informal and on a first-name basis with each other.”
“I’ll remember that,” he said. “Sorry.”
“And remember, in Jenkette we give of ourselves freely in joy and love. Whether it’s attention, courtesy, assistance, friendship, affection, sex, there’s no pressure here. Please, relax and be comfortable.” 
She continued, “Now, the Admiralty, and even the King himself, told me to cooperate with you to the fullest extent I can. Consider me your zealous servant, eager to please.”
“That’s very gratifying. Thank you,” said Sagun.
“Now, I have to admit,” she said, “I’ve never been interviewed by someone from the Navy Office of the Archive before.”
Sagun kidded, “Yeah, they keep us tucked away and out of sight. They don’t let us out very often.”
“Ha, that’s very funny. I like self-deprecating humor. It shows self-assuredness and a bit of aplomb and humility; those are quite attractive qualities.” She then asked, “Is this your first time in Jenkette?”
“Yes, it is. It’s beautiful here,” he said. “I have to admit that I would have arrived earlier, but I slowed down and took in the view. And your villa is certainly beautiful too.”
“This was Tok’s family villa. I moved in a short time after I became part of her crew on the Stella Avalon. And even after I had to take another assignment, this was my home. She left it to me when she died. But I want to talk about you for a moment. I have to admit, as soon as I found out a certain Lieutenant Sagun Munro received this assignment, I checked up on you.”
“Always prepared?” he asked.
“Something like that,” she said. “I know working at the Office of the Archive is not very glamorous, but you’ve acquitted yourself well in your duties. Besides nosing around about your professional accomplishments, I also dug up some stored images of you and holo recordings of talks you’ve made and of seminars you’ve conducted. I liked what I saw. You’re poised and impressive but also modest and polite.” What she didn’t say was that she also found him physically attractive. He was tall and athletic, hardly a stereotypical specimen of an academic intellectual. His face was not too rough or worn but more flawlessly handsome. Add to that a sophisticated, dynamic, and engaged mind, he was every bit the kind of man she was effortlessly attracted to. 
“I’m guessing working in the Archive isn’t very exciting, is it?” she asked. 
“Not really, no,” he said, “We like to joke that the Office of Accounting is probably even less so, but in the end, it’s a toss-up.” 
She didn’t have a specific romantic plot preplanned for him, but she was not above being forward. She said, “Well, I don’t think the Office of Accounting has anyone as charming as you though. I’ve been looking forward to this.” 
“Thank you. That’s very kind of you,” he said, “but being charming is most certainly your forte.” The Lieutenant wasn’t above some verbal foreplay either. After all, she told him to relax and be comfortable with the surroundings, and with her. He was only too happy to comply with her wishes.
“I see you know how to compliment a woman too,” she said. “Anyway, when I did my research into you, I was impressed that you have an extensive bibliography, both inside and outside the Navy. You’re published. I like that. It’s very appealing.” 
He said, “Well, I don’t know if tomes about admirals and galactic battles from a century ago are all that interesting, but it’s what I do. But I must admit that being able to interview you and write what I hope is the definitive record of your illustrious career, especially of your time with Tok Barmer on the Stella Avalon, will by far be the zenith of mine. I must admit that I’ve done extensive research about you too. In fact, I’ve been an admirer of yours for quite some time.” 
“That’s very flattering and sweet of you to say that, but why an interview though?” she asked. “Everything about my career has to be recorded as data and cataloged in duplicate, maybe triplicate, hasn’t it?” 
“For the most part, yes, it has,” he said, “but I’m actually a historian by training, not an archivist or librarian. I believe that the best record of an event or period of time is best conveyed by the people who experienced it firsthand. Having an oral historical record of these occurrences is more dynamic. It will be more impactful to future generations than just a written one. I’m hoping that I can create a written, media, and oral history of your incredible career that will edify future generations for centuries to come.”
Dance whistled. “That’s a pretty lofty ambition you have there.”
Sagun continued. “I know it is, but that’s the level I enjoy working at. I can be excessively intense sometimes. And with you retiring in a month after a thirty-year career in the Navy, what you have to say, and what your opinions are, are incredibly important. I hope I’m not repeating myself, but I’m honored to be able to do this. But I have a question along this line too. Why did you then invite me here, to your villa in Jenkette, for this? Why not at the Archive Office headquarters, like we had originally discussed?”
“Because I thought we’d both be more comfortable together here than in some boring, gray office buried deep in some Navy building. Don’t you agree?” Dance fixed Sagun a cup of covvee and handed it to him. But as he took hold of the mug she didn’t let go immediately. She offered a trace of resistance as if she subtly reeled him back to her. Their attraction for each other was immediate, and she wanted him to know that she was excited by him.
“Sagun, I think I have to warn you about something,” she said. “As a Jenkette Devotee, I’ve been thoroughly trained in the Ways of the Jenketty. And because of our sexuality, I can be forward sometimes. Please, don’t hesitate to tell me if I’ve crossed any boundaries.” 
“I’ll be fine,” he said. “I hope you’ll not be offended by me asking some questions you might find prying, or maybe even impertinent. I’ve been told I can be too personal with my writing subjects. But I believe the more personal I can be, the better the results.”
“And results are everything, aren’t they,” she said with a restrained smile. “Do you have any certain end result in mind for our time together?” 
He said, “Besides making sure I do you justice with this biography project, I’m open-minded to just about anything.”
“Anything?” she asked.
He knew exactly what she meant. “Yes, anything,” he replied. 
Dance knew exactly what he meant too. “Good. I’ll remember that,” she said coyly. “But that’s for another time.” 
Dance placed her hand around his bent arm and led him out through the giant sliding windows to the villa’s veranda. It was an immense space with a large patio area that surrounded a swimming pool exposed from natural rock formations. It also had several natural water features, including a waterfall that cascaded a wide stream of pure mountain water from three or four metters high into the basin. And all of it had a magnificent view of the Jenkette Sea. There were several footpaths through sparse patches of tall Rambler Grass that led from the patio and meandered to the beach. The light surf splashed rhythmically on the sand, and seabirds and gecot lizards trotted along the receding water in search of an easy meal.
Sagun walked around to the sea’s side of the pool and took in the tranquil scene. “It’s beautiful here. I can certainly understand why you’ve lived here and became a Jenkette Devotee.”
Dance stood next to him. “Even though I wasn’t born here, more than anyplace else, I’ve always believed that this villa, and Jenkette, is my home. Over the years, I’ve experienced more than being a devotee of the Jenketty: accepting it as my lifestyle choice. I’ve learned the Ways of the Jenketty: our sexual practices. And I’ve even learned to live in the Spirit of the Jenketty: our spiritual traditions and rituals. I love this life more than anything else I’ve ever experienced, even being in space. And trust me, I love being in space.” She then took their conversation in a direction that Sagun wasn’t prepared for. She smiled and said, “Before we begin what I’m sure will be a pleasant interrogation about me, I have a couple of questions for you. I’m curious about something about you.”
“Whatever you’d like,” he said.
“You’re, if I remember what I read about you, thirty-five years old and single. Why doesn’t a man as accomplished and well-spoken, intelligent, charming, and, well, handsome and interesting as you have a partner or a girlfriend?”
He whistled back to her just like she had before. “That’s a pretty lofty ambition you have there.”
“Now, that’s teasing me,” she joked. “But seriously, why don’t you?”
“That is a question I’ve asked myself on many occasions,” he said. “Do you want me to sugarcoat my answer and patronize you, or do you want the simple truth?”
“The truth,” she said, “always the truth. Besides, I don’t take being patronized very well.”
“Fair enough. It’s because I’ve never met a woman who stimulates me. I try not to be an egghead or a pretentious academic snob, but I am what I am. It seems the women I’ve met, or been matched up with, just don’t fit the bill. It’s the craziest thing, but my friends always try to hook me up with women who are, and I’m not wanting to sound rude, are really boring. They think that since I’m a historian, they think I’m a shy, quiet, book-wormy bore and that’s the kind of woman I find attractive and want to be with. It’s not. Do you want to know what I think the most attractive feature of a woman is?”
“Certainly,” she said. “I could always use an advantage.”
“Well, it’s something you have in abundance,” he said. “It’s confidence. To me, a confident woman is irresistible. A woman who is strong and dynamic and not afraid to be everything she is meant to be is unbeatable to me.” He stopped to collect himself. “Listen to me; that’s very rude of me. I’ve only been here for an hour and I’m talking like this. I’m sorry. Please, forgive me.”
“No, no, it’s perfectly okay. People have always opened up to me,” she said. “It’s a trait that Tok had too that rubbed off on me. Besides, I find openness attractive.” 
 He said, “Let me ask you the same question back. Why don’t you have a husband or boyfriend?”
She said, “Maybe it’s the same reason as you. I’ve had lots of lovers, but no one has gotten to my heart. And, frankly, having a career as I’ve had has made it tricky. It’s a hormone-drenched way to live, and for the most part, you can’t get past the physical needs you feel because of all the stimulation you’re bombarded by. But as I’m winding down my Navy career, I’m ready to be more open.” They both cleared their throats and refocused their minds on the official task at hand. “Ahem. Well, that’s kicking things off with a bang,” she kidded. 
He said, “Perhaps we should get down to business.”
“Well, “getting down to business” to a Jenketty is different than what you may be thinking.”
“I’ll remember that,” Sagun said.  
They sat down, and he turned his recorder on. “I’d like to start where every good story starts: at the beginning. You are from….?”
“Varmont, on the Ayrona peninsula,” she answered.
“Ayrona has a reputation as a tough place. Was being brought up there a factor in your success?” he asked.
“Not really. Varmont is a bit out of the way,” she said. “My childhood was pretty normal compared to the rest of Ayrona and the other provinces on Margra. My parents were wonderful people: loving, nurturing, and supportive.”
“And your years as a youngster; what kind of student were you?” he asked.
“I was in the top five percentile of students in Ayrona. I was an athlete too. Track and field was my thing. I still hold two records at the Academy in cross-country running.”
 “And that’s a perfect segue to talking about your time at the Academy.”
“Ah, The Naval Academy of the Crown Commonwealth of Margra. Well, it was a very prestigious university and service academy, perhaps the most prestigious of all of them in the Commonwealth. I guess it still is. Its honor roll of significant graduates is long and filled with names known throughout the Commonwealth. I don’t know if you’ve ever been there, but there are holo statues of some of the Navy’s most famous heroes placed all around the campus, all to remind the Academy’s students of the importance of their attendance there.”
“Maybe they’ll include you there too,” Sagun said. “There is talk about it.”
 She waved the comment off. “I doubt it. I was just a flashy privateer for the Crown, then the skipper of a bunch of Navy ships.”
“That’s nonsense, Dance,” Sagun said. “You were a hero in both of the Incursion Wars with the Jor Dor Collective, and you and Tok Barmer and the Stella Avalon saved the Monarchy on several occasions, not to mention personally saving the life of Queen Elaena Ryaca herself. Your name is mentioned right along with the early greats, the Admirals who defended the Commonwealth during the Quadrant Wars: Mitch, Dinka, Ambanae, and Clete.”
She waved that comment off too. “No, not with them. Sure, I contributed. I did my duty. But for me to think I’m anywhere as important as them is just stupid on my part.”
“That’s too bad you feel that way,” Sagun said. “A lot of people think you’re every bit as important as they are. I do.”
“That’s sweet of you, Sagun,” she said, “it really is. It’s funny, as a Jenkette Devotee, I have no problem talking about sex and relationships and how attracted I am to you, um, I mean, how much I’m enjoying being with you, um, I mean how pleasant this is. But talking about myself as some kind of navy icon makes me uncomfortable. Can we move on?”
Sagun blushed, and he turned away from the gaze of her brown eyes. “Sure, I’m sorry,” he said.
“It’s not you, Sagun,” she said. “I like talking to you. It feels natural. Being with you feels natural too.”
Sagun said, “Let’s try this then.” He asked, “Why the Royal Navy? Why not the army, or some other agency that fulfills that role?” 
“Simple; I’ve always loved space travel,” she said. “To me, it’s always been the most amazing and exhilarating thing I could do. It still is. That's why I pushed myself through the exhausting application process and entered the naval academy in the first place. I wanted to go into space and experience all the wonder that it held in store for me. Being an officer in the Royal Navy, even a lowly ensign fresh out of the academy, seemed like the best way to accomplish that.”
“Did you like it at the academy?” he then asked. 
“I had a good experience there. It was a respectable lifestyle where I was surrounded by other motivated young adults like me. We were all good students, and I liked the competitive atmosphere there. I liked to play a lot of different sports, and everyone was required to play some sport, so I fit in that way. But I even dove into extracurricular activities like theater and art classes.”
“Looking at your career and life, it’s obvious you’re a highly motivated person.”
“I guess. I always felt I had to prove myself. I always had to excel. Maybe I was overcompensating for something, but I always believed I had to try new things and push myself further and further out of my comfort zone.”
“But then, you lost your parents.”
“Yes, during the summer break before my senior year; it was a speeder accident. I loved them incredibly, and it hurt tremendously. But the disciplined lifestyle of the academy actually helped me through it. They gave me a two week leave to bury them and get their affairs in order. I didn’t know this before the accident, but the Academy had an office specifically designed to help cadets through tragedies. I’ll always be grateful to them for that. I then jumped back into it when my senior year commenced. There was never any question in my mind that I would continue. My parents worked too hard and sacrificed so much to make that opportunity happen.”
“What about your social life?”
“Well, I guess I was attractive and likable. I was fit, and guys liked my hair. I hated that stupid looking navy regulation-style bun I had to use though. I had a boyfriend I started to date during our second year. He was another cadet named Thad Dia, and we did all the usual couple stuff. We both worked hard during the week, partied on the weekends with our friends, drank too much sometimes, and took a few illegal stims every so often.”
Sagun asked, “As a Jenkette Devotee as an adult, you’ve always been open about your sexuality. But back then, did you and your boyfriend have much of a sex life with all the pressures of being at the Academy?”
Dance laughed at that question. “When we first started dating and were caught up in the excitement of a new romance, we actually believed we were every bit as sexually colossal as the Jenketty themselves. We thought we were Jenketty through and through. Well, I sure learned that wasn’t the case. By the time we hit our fourth year, we fell into a rut. One of the things about being a Jenketty lover is that we take variety very seriously. To be frank, we lost any notion of being inspired at all.”
“I’ll remember that,” Sagun said. “I must say, you are by far the most open interviewee I’ve ever encountered.”
“I’m glad you feel that way,” Dance said. “I aim to please.”
Sagun caught her little innuendo and slyly smiled at her, a smile she returned. He then pumped his fist a little and said, “So, all in all, you think you were just like any other cadet: straight as an arrow, enthusiastic, gung-ho, and duty-bound to the ideals of the Crown.”
“Exactly,” she laughed, “but I also had a stubborn streak that got me into trouble sometimes. Some would say I still have it and that it still gets me in trouble.”
“So, where did you get your famous disdain for heavy cruisers and dreadnoughts from? Was that at the Academy?” he asked.
That was a favorite topic of hers. “As part of the training at the Academy, every cadet goes on shipboard duty during their recess months. It’s generally a great experience. You go to all ten Crown planets along the patrolled space lanes that connect them. But they’re always on board the large capital cruisers and dreadnoughts, especially the older boats. They bored me to tears. They were so big and bulky, and might I add, slow as dirt. They didn't even seem like they moved to me. And you know how most of them are designated as an S-E-T: a Strategic Engagement Transport?”
“Yes, the standard ship of the line,” he said.  
“I said that S-E-T stood for ‘slow easy target’. The Navy’s ship inventory wasn’t well diversified like it is now. But the main reason I didn’t like the bigger ships was because I wanted to feel a deck vibrate under my feet. I wanted the sensation of inertia shifting when a vessel accelerated or even turned slightly, like when I was at the helm of one of the small training shuttles in sublight speeds in nearby open space. I just wanted to fly.”
Sagun said, “Well, you certainly did that. You served as a privateer for the Crown on the Stella Avalon, and you had a dozen or so ship command assignments in peace and during the war. But, I think people would be most interested in, as I am, how you were recruited to serve on the Stella Avalon.”
Dance said, “After four years, my life at the Academy was almost over. Graduation was only a week away, and after that, I would begin my service in the Navy. But I really didn’t want to get stuck with an assignment as another anonymous Junior Officer, nothing more than fodder for the blaster cannons. I would have been just another insignificant, trivial gear in the machine of the Navy of the Crown Commonwealth of Margra.”
Sagun was enthralled by Dance and got caught up in her story easily. “And?” he asked. It was if he begged her for more.
Dance said, “You see, I didn’t have the same experience at the end of my last year as other cadets. For most of the rest of my graduating class, the end of the school year was all about final exams. That and preparing for the graduation ceremony and getting ready to leave. I was always an excellent student, so the exams were no big deal. Out of a thousand students in my class, I ended up ranked 9th, and I was very proud of that. But, I had mixed feelings about it all. I was rightfully proud of what I did, but without my parents being there to share all of it with me, I knew the graduation ceremony would seem empty. I didn’t feel how I wanted to feel.”  
She said, “And then there was a really big problem. Unlike everyone else in my class, I didn’t have a post-graduation assignment yet. The assignment officer kept pushing me and pushing me to accept any old posting she had. But I held out for something more to my liking. And, to make it harder, if I didn’t have an assignment to immediately report to after graduation, I couldn’t graduate with my class. No assignment meant no graduation. I’d have to go through another recess assignment, at least.”
“What did you do?” Sagun asked.
Dance shrugged. “What I always did in situations like that: I pushed back.”
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

A NEW RUMOR
Lieutenant Mickel, Chief of the Academy Post-Graduate Assignment Office, was a nice enough woman. She was diligent and competent, but ultimately, she was a desk-weary bureaucrat who marched inexorably, albeit slowly, to retirement in a couple of years hence.
Her office door chime signaled, and she pressed a button on her desk to open it. The door slid to the side, and in walked her least favorite ensign of all. “Well, Miss Hollydon, it is a pleasure to see you again, I guess. How long has it been? Two? Three days?” Dance politely and according to regulation saluted the senior officer and waited until that same senior officer returned the salute back. The Lieutenant struggled to rise from her chair, one that her portly physique fit way too tightly into. She saluted. “Please, be seated, Ensign.”
“Thank you, Ma'am,” Ensign Hollydon said crisply. “I appreciate you seeing me on such short notice. With graduation being next weekend, I’m sure you’re quite busy.”
“Yes, I noticed. Dance, we are at the eleventh hour with this, and we still haven’t nailed down your first assignment yet. But I do so enjoy our little get-togethers.” Sarcasm came easily to someone as jaded as Mickel. “You asked to see me so you must have something up your sleeve. What juicy assignment have you heard some rumor about? What scuttlebutt has your eager little mind latched onto? What do you have for me today, Dance? I can hardly wait.”
“Well, ma'am, I just heard that there is a small squadron of a new class of light assault crafts about to be launched from the Crown shipyard on Retilance. The specs are making their way around the Academy. They're small. They have a small crew, ten persons or even less, and are to be given some very interesting missions. Things such as search and rescue, squadron attacks, infiltration, exfiltration, covert operations, and other clandestine missions of all different kinds.”
“So, that's the kind of assignment you'd like, would you?” Mickel asked. Dance's natural enthusiasm prevented her from noticing the Lieutenant's snide and mocking tone. The older officer was quite annoyed by the young Ensign.
“Yes, Ma'am. I'd like that very much. Would you check for those assignments and see if any slots are still available?”
Mickel suppressed how annoyed she really was. “Miss Hollydon, you’re a nice young lady. Your performance in the academy has been exemplary. You ranked at the top of your class in combat training, marksmanship, field operations, navigation, and data sciences. You even aced the anthropology class, and most Academy students sleep through that one. Your dedication to excellence is admirable and well-noted in your academic file and service record. Your professors and instructors adore you. You're a good young officer with a bright future. But just like every other ensign that comes into my office for duty assignments, you must accept that there is a way that this is done according to not only tradition and protocol but by well-understood and established methods that fill specific needs within the fleet. And, at this time, the most needs that need to be filled are on the heavy cruisers and dreadnoughts. And you’re the last graduate-to-be left that needs to be assigned somewhere.”
“I understand that, Lieutenant. Please, believe me, I do,” said Dance, “but I don't want to be on one of those large ships. They're so big and so … so … so dull! I know this sounds crazy, but I believe I have a different calling.”
Dance’s innocent self-realization, however odd, stunned Lieutenant Mickel. “A calling? Do you think you have a calling to be a spacer on some little attack ship? You're in the Crown Navy, not the priesthood.” She looked past the ensign into her otherwise empty regulation office and talked to herself. “A calling; I can't believe I'm actually listening to this.” She looked back at Dance with annoyance, but she re-centered her attention on her mission. Her job was to find suitable assignments for all the Academy graduates. 
She wrung her hands in reserved frustration. “Young lady, there is a part of me that wants to kick your ass out of this office and right onto the next big, mind-numbingly boring ship I can find for you, perhaps a supply ship or tender. It would serve you right for how you've pestered me for the last two years.” She inhaled and exhaled deeply to collect her professional demeanor one last time and feigned a smile. “Can we make a deal? Can we make one last, no-holds-barred deal to get you assigned to some ship somewhere and doing something before the graduation ceremony next weekend?”
“What kind of deal would that be, Ma'am?” Dance asked back innocently. “I don’t want to cause any trouble. I just want to start my career in the Navy off right.”
“Oh, you’re starting it off right alright,” Mickel said with clenched teeth. “The weekend is here, the last weekend of the semester, and the last weekend of your four years at the Crown Naval Academy. Go and have a nice weekend. You should want to celebrate. Go to a party, get drunk, do something you like to do, get laid, I don't care. Give me next week without you interfering with me. My end of the deal is that I will dig as deep as I can dig into every personnel request from every single unit in the damn fleet if I have to. I will try to find you some kind of assignment on a small craft that I think you would like. Your end of the deal is this: if I don't find anything you think you’d want, you will accept one of the other assignments I think are appropriate. Deal?”
Dance didn't waver. “Yes, Ma'am,” she snapped, “that's fair. I accept that. I hope you know I really haven't been trying to be difficult. This means a lot to me.”
“I know, Dance,” said Mickel. “You're a great young graduate, and I'll give this one more shot for you.” Mickel wagged her finger at Dance. “But we have a deal, right?”
“It's a deal, Ma'am. Do we need to shake our hands or something like that?”
“No, we're both officers,” said Mickel, “and our word is good. You'll be hearing from me by the end of next week, either way. And we will finally put this to rest.”

THAD
Dance took the Lieutenant's advice. Except when she had to attend some kind of official function, such as the graduation ceremony rehearsal, she bought a bottle of Porsis off a classmate and drank. Her boyfriend, Thad Dia, came over to commiserate with her. Or at least he let her vent her frustrations and complaints while he frocked her. 
Dance lay on her back on her bed unimpressed by Thad’s frantic humping. 
“Did you put the elastiband around the doorknob so my roommate won’t come barging in on us?” she asked sloppily.
Thad’s head was buried in the nape of his drunk girlfriend’s neck. All he managed was a muffled, “Mm-hm.” 
“Thad, what do I do? This whole thing is not working out as I planned. I just wanted to fly. But just like everyone else, like you, I’m going to end up on a frocking heavy cruiser or dreadnought. I don’t want to be on a big ship. They’re just terrible. They’re slow, they’re ridiculously unmaneuverable, they’re bulky, and as far as I care, boring as shlit. Plus, there are so many people on them. You can’t get into any kind of rhythm with them.”
Thad raised his head and said, “Speaking of rhythm, could you help out by, oh I don’t know, moving some? I’m doing all the work here, baby. Could you at least push back?”
“Shut up, Thad,” she said. “You wanted to frock me, then go ahead and frock me. I’m not stopping you. This sucks so bad.”
Thad asked, “Us frocking or your ship assignment?”
“Both.”
Thad slowed down his thrusting to just fast and hard enough to keep himself primed and ready. “Look, baby, I know you're really stressed out about this. I know it means a lot to you. But what's so bad about being on a big boat? The more people there are the less likely the top brass are going to give you any trouble. You'll be insulated from responsibility. That’s the beauty of being on a big ship. You can serve your mandatory five years, get your walking papers, and walk right into some juicy job someplace. Companies love having Naval Academy graduates on their payroll. It’s a sweet deal.”
She said, “Yeah, well that’s fine for you. It’s not what I want. What ship are you assigned to again?”
“Didn’t you listen to me when I got my posting yesterday?” he asked.
“No. Frankly, I stopped listening to you a while back,” she said, “but not as far back as when you stopped listening to me.”
“The Obisidian,” he said.
“Shlit, Thad,” she muttered, “the Obisidian has got to be forty years old. She’s one of the oldest ships in the fleet. Talk about a slow easy target. All it would take is a decent plasma torpedo hit and, bingo, your ass is fried. What’s your post?”
“Sanitation.”
She snarled, “Sanitation? You’ve spent four years busting your ass in engineering at the Academy to be the garbage collector on a dreadnought? Nice move.” She rocked harder and worked his manhood more. “Are you ready to finish?”
“Nope, not yet,” he said.
“I don’t feel anything,” she said. “C’mon, get going will you? I have to go to the bathroom.”
Thad picked up the pace and blitzed away at her while she stared up at the ceiling bored and uninvolved except for the modest amount she pushed back on him so that he’d unload in her. Finally, with a couple of stutter strokes, he emptied himself into her and flopped over on his back next to her. 
“Babe, I don’t care what you think of my assignment, but I’m sure going to miss that,” he said.
 That pissed Dance off! She rolled out of bed and pulled her tunic and pants in front of her body. She then grabbed Thad by his hair, yanked him onto his feet, and pounded on him. “You bastard, you frocking bastard!"
She was on a drunken tear. "Haven't you listened to anything I've said for the three years we've dated? Haven't you paid any attention to me? All you want to do is frock, frock, frock.” She got so mad she cried, a very uncharacteristic response. She threw her clothes at him and stood naked in the middle of the room. Everyone else on the floor heard her too. “You’re a miserable little twit. If you using me as your private slut so that you can get off is all I'm worth to you, then frock you!” She picked up a chair and threw it at him. “Get out! Get out! Get out! I don’t want to ever see you again, and I swear to the stars, I'm not going to go on some frocking dreadnought. I'm going to do something better, I swear, I'm going to do something better than that.”
Thad grabbed his clothes and scrambled naked out of her room and down the hallway to the turbolift. She slammed the door closed and collapsed on her bed. 
“This sucks! This isn't how I want it to be," she yelled. "I want to do something different, something amazing. And so help me, if I end up on a heavy cruiser, or worse a dreadnought, I'll frocking die.”

THE CALL
For the first three days of the new week, Dance heard nothing from Mickel, and she had become resigned to a future she wasn't sure she wanted. Worse, Dance believed Mikel had blown her off and she’d end up on any old convenient assignment, just like Mikel wanted all along. Worse yet, she was afraid Mikel would assign her to the worst duty she could find just out of spite.
The fourth day though was different.
Dance sat at lunch in the Academy mess by herself. She usually sat with Thad, but he apparently took her scolding of him seriously. They were finished, and he was nowhere to be found, which in the grand scheme of things, she thought, was no big loss. 
Her omnicomm signaled that she had a new message. It was from Mickel, and her pudgy face almost filled the viewscreen entirely. “Hollydon, where are you right now?”
“The mess hall. Why?” Dance got nervous. Was this a good message from Mickel, or bad?
“Come to my office right away, and don't say anything to anyone. Got it? Nothing to anyone. That’s an order.”
“Yes, Ma'am. Nothing to anyone. Got it.” The message disconnected. Dance sat for a few seconds and took in what had just happened. Could it really be? Did Lieutenant Mickel actually find her an assignment that she'd like? She then jumped up, cleared her tray and plates, and hurried to the administration hall of the Academy.
Mickel waited for her in the hallway outside her office. “Did anyone follow you?”
“No, I don't think so. And I didn't tell anybody, just like you ordered me not to.”
“Good. Come into my office. There's someone who wants to meet you.” Mickel let Dance enter first.
There, next to Mikel’s desk, stood a Crown Navy officer dressed in his finest, most official-looking dark blue Crown Navy uniform. It was sharply pressed and very shipshape with a smattering of impressive looking service ribbons and insignias she didn’t recognize. But what was even more impressive was the officer himself. He was uncommonly handsome. They exchanged salutes.
He offered Dance his hand to shake. “Hello. I'm Commander Calen Root. I wanted to meet you personally. At ease.”
Dance responded appropriately. “Thank you, sir?”
The Commander then turned to Lieutenant Mickel. “Lieutenant, may the Ensign and I use your office alone for a few minutes?” Mickel was enthralled with Root just like Dance was, maybe more so. It wasn’t at all often that she was visited by such a distinguished and handsome visitor. “Lieutenant, did you hear me?” he asked politely.
“What? Oh. Yes, sir. My office. Right. I’ll be outside if you need everything,” she stammered.
Root gently guided her out of her own office. “Thank you, Lieutenant. I’m sure we’ll be just fine.” After she was out, he reached back and pushed the door button on the desk. It closed in her face.
“Now, you see, in Navy Intelligence, we at least hide our door buttons. Having it on top of the desk is a little too obvious.” He sat down on the corner of the desk very relaxed and poised. His demeanor was calming and reassuring.
Dance asked, “Excuse me, sir. Did you say you were with Navy Intelligence? Did I hear that right?” 
“You did. That is correct, Ensign.”
She admitted, “I’m not sure how to take this. Am I in some sort of trouble ?”
“Trouble? No, not at all,” he replied. “Actually, It’s going to be quite the opposite of that. But it is going to be a different conversation than you’re used to here at the Academy. It’s not military in nature per se.” 
“I’m confused, sir,” she said.
“I understand. Everything will become clear in a couple of minutes,” he said. “Now, because of the nature of our work and our culture, we in Intelligence aren’t quite as stringent on protocol as the combat side of the Navy. Please, be as comfortable as you feel you’d like to be and don’t hesitate to ask me any questions that come to you. It’s important that you’re perfectly clear about what I’m presenting to you. Also, remember the content of this meeting is classified and confidential. No one outside of this room is to know anything about what you and I are talking about. Is that understood?”
“Yes, sir. Perfectly clear.”
“Good. This has to do with your first post-academy assignment. Lieutenant Mickel herself did not reply to any kind of assignment posting from us or anything like that. We’re not that conspicuous. At least I hope not. Our office regularly monitors the communications that come out of the Academy, and her most recent assignment searches and inquiries caught our attention. The description of an Academy graduate candidate she was inquiring for, that would be you, was similar to a profile for an intelligence position we need to fill. I guess you could say I jumped into line and created a dialog with her.  She told me about your qualifications and what you were looking for in your first post-Academy assignment. After I examined your records, I was intrigued.”
“This is in Navy Intelligence, sir?” she asked.
“Indirectly. Lieutenant Mickel said that you had expressed a great interest in an assignment on one of the new small attack ships that the Navy is currently developing on Retilance. News about them has gotten out prematurely. They're called Phasor Torpedo Corvettes, or PT-Cs for short, and they’re still in the early engineering and testing phase; only test pieces have actually been made so far. Filling the active duty rolls is several years away. But I have to agree with you that serving on one of them would be a very exciting assignment. But they're just not ready.”
“I'm sorry to hear that, sir,” she said.
“Don't be. I have something in mind you might like even more. It's an assignment that if you're successful, you would be in a very good position to be chosen for an officer's posting on one of those new attack ships when the time comes. Furthermore, you would acquire a knowledge base and skill set that would easily elevate you above any other officer candidate. And frankly, you could become unique in the entire Navy.” He had a sly smile on his face. “Would you like to hear about it?” he asked.
“Yes, sir! What kind of ship is it, sir?” she asked.
“It's a very good ship: small, fast, lethal,” he answered. “It's not new, but it's damn better than anything else we have active at the moment that’s similar. As a matter of fact, much of the technology we've put into it is being imported into the new attack ships.”
“And what exactly are the missions, sir?”
“To be frank, you could be either inside or outside the reach of the Crown Navy and Navy Intelligence at any given time. The missions are either combat or covert in nature, or both. There is an infinite number of circumstances you must adapt to. And it's important work too. You most definitely will be making a difference in protecting the subjects and interests of the Crown and government.”
“It sounds dangerous, sir.”
“It is, very. And you need to understand that there have been predecessors who took this assignment who have not returned. They fell in the line of duty. According to statistics, over the period of a year, you only have a little more than a 60% chance of surviving. And you'll be under the command of one of the most brazen, wild, reckless, but successful captains in all of Crown Space, maybe even in Frontier and Collective space also.”
“Who is it, sir?” she asked.
“Have you ever heard of Tok Barmer and the Stella Avalon?”
“Sure,” said Dance, “we all have. She’s a privateer for the Crown, and there are all kinds of stories about her and her crew. I mean, we talk about her and whatever new, crazy shlit she and the Stella Avalon has done” She then came to a stunning realization that shocked her so much she jumped out of her chair to her feet. “Wait, you’re talking about the Stella Avalon, aren’t you? You want me to be on the crew of the Stella Avalon?”
“Yep. Since she’s a privateer for the crown, we like there to be a Navy liaison on her at all times. But you need to fully understand the consequences if you take this assignment. 
“Like what, sir?”
“If you agree to take this assignment now, here, at this moment, with the help of some agents from Intelligence who are standing by, you will, for all intents and purposes, disappear. And as far as the Academy and Crown Navy is concerned, your personal history ends. You will cease to exist. You will be nothing but a memory, an idea, a spook, a ghost. Your records will disappear, and you will be disavowed. If something happens to you, if you get captured or killed, no one back here in Crown space will ever know. You will be 100% expendable. As a matter of fact, one of your most noteworthy qualifications is that you don't have any family alive. Is that right?”
She glossed over that point. “Yes, sir. My parents are both gone, and I don't have any siblings. Can you tell me about the crew, sir? Is it as good a crew as all the stories?” She stopped herself. “Well, hell yes, they’re a good crew. They’re on the Stella Avalon.” That was more important to her than her own family history.  
He let a small laugh escape his official demeanor. “You'll love the crew. I guarantee it. They are, shall I say, an interesting mix of personalities and skills. But I cannot emphasize enough how dangerous this assignment is. I would be hard-pressed to name any other assignment in Navy Intelligence, or the military commands of the Navy, that equal this.”
Dance heard everything she needed to hear. “I'm in,” she said.
“Don’t you want to hear the rest of the details about the assignment?” he asked.
“I don't need to.  I'm in. Whatever it is, I'm in.”
The Commander said, “That is exactly what I expected, and hoped, you would say.”
“What do I tell Lieutenant Mickel?” Dance asked.
“Nothing. I’ll take care of her. If she does her duty as an officer, she will not remember you at all. No one will. Special Intelligence agents will close your personal business, gather your belongings and store them, and delete your entire data and virtual history. You’ll then be taken to a secret Navy Intelligence facility where, after three or four weeks of Intelligence orientation and training, you’ll be dispatched to your assignment and on your own. While you’ll still technically be in the Navy, you’ll be fully autonomous to act as you see fit.”
She asked, “So, are you saying that right now is the last contact I have with my old life?”
“That’s correct.”
“And it’s very dangerous, and if I die somewhere out in the Deep Distance or on some Jor Dor planet nobody will ever know?”
“That’s correct again.”
“And I’ll be on the Stella Avalon?”
“Yes, that’s right,” he said.
“With Tok Barmer?”
“The one and only.”
“Like I said sir, I’m in,” she said. 

FIRST CONTACT
Small but fast, a cramped, chock-full, autonomous spaceport shuttle reached high Margra orbit with its lone passenger strapped in a lone seat, crammed in with a load of provisions, parts, supplies, and gear. It was uncomfortable and, the passenger thought, a bit cold. That was, in fact, true since the only window in the vehicle was one viewport that looked out the bow forward of the seat, and the vehicle’s forward orientation was away from the planetary system’s star. Less sunlight -- less heat. The shuttle did not usually carry passengers, so its environmental system strained to keep the inside temperature comfortable.
After it made a course correction and came about, Dance saw the Stella Avalon through the craft's forward viewport for the first time. She thought it looked like an old vessel, but she knew it had been updated and maintained by Crown technicians so that it met or exceeded any performance specifications that existed at the time. But while it’s engineering components were top-of-the-line, its exterior was allowed to remain rough looking. The gray-green finish was dirty and messy which added to its anonymity. By all appearances, it was just another smuggler’s starship. It was nothing special, nothing significant, and not worth a second look or thought. But it could fly faster and farther than almost any other ship when it needed to. It also packed an offensive wallop. It was a dangerous vessel to tangle with.
It seemed to hang motionless in space: peaceful, serene, without any encumbrances at all. Of course, Dance knew it hurtled around the planet at a hair over 28,000 kinometters per hour, as she did in the shuttle. But their relative speed toward each other was less than ten kinometters per hour and decelerating. They gracefully joined together with barely a bump between them.
She grabbed her gear bag and crouched at the shuttle door that had connected itself to Stella Avalon's airlock. She waited for the customary sounds of connecting machinery and venting air to cycle and fall silent, just like anyone had to do at an airlock on any ship, and like she had done on any number of training flights. It was no big deal. But inside her calm exterior, her entire being was as excited as she had ever been about anything. New challenges, new risks, new excitement, new people, new everything.
First, the heavy hinged door of the shuttle unlocked and lumbered inward on its hinges. That revealed the exterior airlock door on the Stella Avalon itself. More clicks and clanking came from behind it until that door swung in and to the left. 
A command came from the other side of the airlock.“Throw me your gear. Let's get all that on board first.” Whoever it was, he had a deep, gruff voice.
Dance followed the suggestion and tossed in her full kit bag and backpack. “There, that's all of it,” she said.
“Good. You're a light traveler. Some people have come on board thinking this is some kind of luxury liner. It's not.” The owner of that deep, gruff voice then reached his hand in and offered it to Dance. “Here, let me help you. It's a wide step. And don’t try to step too lively right away; the artificial gravity is an old unit and takes a little getting used to. It won’t last long.”
“Thanks, you're right, it does feel kind of bouncy,” she replied. Inside and able to stand fully upright, Dance introduced herself to her new cohort. “I'm Ensign Dance Hollydon, the new Navy liaison.” She extended her hand to shake.
“I'm Morty Kenson. People call me Chief. I used to be in the Navy too until I washed out. Come on, I'll show you to your quarters.”
“Nice to meet you, Chief,” Dance said. “Why did you wash out?”
“Leg injuries in an engine room accident. After I wasted some time feeling sorry for myself, I signed on with Tok, gosh, five years ago.” They turned a corner into a common bunk room. There were four bottom bunks and four top bunks, all with privacy curtains. Across the common area of the room were small lockers and drawer sets. There was also a shower and sink they all shared. 
“Well, this is cozy,” she said. “I’ll add a few flowers there, a painting here, it’ll be just like home.”
“Are you some kind of a smartass, ensign?” he asked.
“Sometimes, Chief. Sorry, I couldn’t help it,” she answered.
“That’s okay. A little smart-assery never hurts, I guess. But we treat this room with respect because it’s the closest thing to a home for all of us.  What about you?”
“It will be for me too,” she said. “I have a house in Ayrona that my folks left me when they died, but that’s it.” 
“No other family? Friends?” He seemed genuinely interested, and that surprised her a little.
“Nope. My family is gone, and I was told I was pretty much going to be disconnected from my old friends and all that type of thing when I accepted this assignment. I’m on my own.”  
All the bottom bunks looked like they were already called for. He tossed her bag onto a top bunk. “There, that one’s yours. Newbies get to climb. Now, we don’t do any sleeping in shifts like in the Navy. When you’re tired and your duties are done, you grab sleep when you can. I’ll warn you now, I snore. And if you want to bring someone on board to frock, use the bed in the sickbay. It's usually empty, and it’s bigger. That way we don’t have to listen to you panting and groaning. You okay with that?”
“I guess so, sure. I’ve done coed bunking on training missions before. I know how it works.”
“And we don’t care about your sexual druthers. You do what you want,” he added. “Whatever floats your boat is fine by us.”
Chief Kenson looked like many of the Chiefs, Master Chiefs, and career non-comms Dance came across during her tours on Navy ships. He was stocky but strong, with tattoos that covered the parts of his arms that were visible, then ran up to his neck to the edge of his chin. He also had a scar that ran up from his right cheekbone, across the bridge of his nose to his left eyebrow, then jagged up into his flat-top haircut.
“Let me tell you the rules here,” he said. “Rule #2, no ranks. We're on a first-name basis. Tok doesn't like that kind of formality. She'll tell you it's because she wants to encourage camaraderie and the like; you'll hear her talk a lot about the value of being a good shipmate. I think it's because she has a rebellious streak a parsec wide; she doesn't trust grand poobahs. As long as everyone does their job, everything is fine. Besides, she is right about the whole shipmate thing; the closer we are to each other personally the safer we are. You always defend the people you care about most. But there’s the other side of that; shlit happens out here and people you like die. It can be tough.”
“Thanks for the heads up. I think I know what you’re saying. It’s okay to be close, but not so close that you can’t handle it if something happens.”
“Exactly. You seem like you have a good head on your shoulders. I like that,” the Chief said.
“You said that was rule #2. What about rule #1?” she asked.
“We’ll get to that,” he said.
Dance then heard the unmistakable mechanical sounds of droids in motion. And they spoke in an entirely different way than she was accustomed to hearing. “Oh, goody, honey, the new crew member is here! I can’t wait to meet her.” Two pewter-colored, old-model droids stepped into the room. “Chief, why didn't you notify us? We were so looking forward to meeting her!” said the one with a female voice.
“Sorry, Cheeky, but I was getting around to it,” he said back.
“For crying out loud, dear, we get newbies on board all the time,” said the male-toned one.
“Dance Hollydon, this is Crank and Cheeky,” said the Chief. “They're the maintenance and accommodation droids for the ship. Crank, Cheeky, I'd like you to meet Ensign Dance Hollydon.”
“Ensign, schmensign, she's just another piece of meat to make a mess for us to clean up,” Crank said.
“Sweetheart, it's okay with me. And she's such a lovely young girl. She won't be as messy as you boys are,” said Cheeky. She reached up and fiddled with Dance's auburn hair that was still up in a bun. “Tok won't like that. It looks too formal.” She then spun Dance around and inspected her. “But she has a cute little tushie. I'm sure she's going to have to kill a few grabby goons who try to get touchy-feely with her. 
Crank said, “I’m the engineer on board; I take care of Stella from bow to stern. Cheeky’s the accommodations droid; she keeps you organics fed and the ship clean. She’s also a medic droid.” 
“That brings up rule #3,” said the Chief. “Make your bunk and clean up your space every day. It makes Cheeky happy, and when Cheeky is happy, we all eat well.”
Cheeky interrupted, “But when I’m not happy, it’s emergency rations for everyone for a week. I’d guess you’d say it's a hot-button issue for me.”
The Chief then said, “Besides, it’s good manners. Nobody wants to see or smell your mess, especially me; my bunk is right below yours.” 
“Got it. I do that anyway,” Dance said.
He then turned to Crank and Cheeky. “Okay, you two, get back to work. Dance and I have a lot to talk about.” 
The two droids left the room lightly bickering with each other.
“I think she's a cute girl,” said Crank.
“You think they’re all cute. You never say anything like that to me,” chided Cheeky.
“You're a droid, Cheeky. Droids aren't cute. But I wouldn't mind diddling your circuits right now.”
Cheeky slapped Crank across his chest plate with a loud clang. “Shhh. Not in front of the organics, you dirty old droid.”
“I've never seen or heard of a droid couple before,” said Dance.
“Yeah, they're unique as far as we know,” said the Chief. “A slicer who used to be on the crew thought it would be funny. It's okay, I guess. They're nice.” 
He continued, “Okay, I guess we need to talk about rule #4. It’s this:” The Chief stuck his head out the door of the bunk room into the hall. “Okay, the coast is clear. Follow me.” They snuck down the corridor to a cabin with a closed door. He whispered, “Shhh. Listen carefully.”
Dance put her ear to the thick, heavy door and heard the unmistakable sound of a couple having sex, and by the sound of it, the woman was firmly on the road to some kind of climax, most likely a big one. The Chief pointed his finger to Dance to go back to the bunk room.
“Was that what I think it was, Chief?” she asked.
“Yep. Rule #4 is when the door to Tok's cabin is closed, do not disturb EVER. Do not knock, do not open, do not anything. You know she's a Jenketty, right?”
“Yeah, but I've never been around one,” the young woman answered.
“I hadn't either until I signed on here. Tok says that it's not just a pleasure thing but an actual physical need to, well, have sex of some kind on a regular basis. She's never really explained it to me. Whoever is in there with her is going to go back to the planet in the shuttle that brought you here. And if she doesn't have a partner, she, um, you know.”
“I get the picture, Chief,” Dance said. “I know the Navy's Rules of Intimacy. Sometimes you have to take things into your own hands.”
“Oh, and as an aside, you know that little poem about Jenketty lovers?” he asked.
“You mean, “If you want to find a lover who will make you hot and sweaty, then the lover you should look for is a beautiful Jenketty.” That one? Everyone knows it.”
“Yeah, that one. She hates it, I mean really hates it.” The Chief was emphatic. “Whatever you do, do NOT recite that. Seriously, if you’re lucky, she'll only beat the snot out of you.”
“Got it -- no Jenketty jokes.”
The Chief then showed Dance to the flight deck. There were two of her new shipmates going through pre-flight checklists of some kind and preparing the ship to depart Margra.
“Everyone, I'd like you to meet our new Navy liaison,” he announced. “This is Dance Hollydon.”
“Hi,” she said timidly. She extended her hand to shake to the person nearest to her, a striking Uhneh. She was humanoid, bald, with orange skin that changed color to a deep purple when the light hit her just right. Looking at her with her small, flimsy, raggedy outfit, she was obviously strong. She looked like she could kill a Giant Fanged Dontus with her bare hands and then bite its head off and spit it out. The Uhneh folded her arms as a sign of contempt for the new crew member. 
“My name is Lina Karaay, I am an Uhneh warrior.” She approached Dance and slowly circled her and inspected her. “A puny specimen of a human being. I doubt you’ll be of any use in combat. You’re just another example of how weak and stupid humans are. You’ll be dead in your tracks the first sign of action. And if the enemy doesn’t kill you, I will kill you dead in your tracks if you fail us. Consider this your only warning.”
Dance slowly withdrew her hand. “Um, I’ll remember that. It’s nice to meet you too, Lina.”
Suddenly, a new person jumped into her view. “Don't let her intimidate you. Lina does that to every new shipmate she meets. That's one of her charms. My name is Rory Dundan, the pilot of the Stella Avalon.” Rory was a typical space cowboy, a little wild, a little crazy, with worn clothing that looked like it used to be some kind of uniform. And he had a week's worth of stubble growing out of the chocolate brown skin on his face.
“Thanks, Rory. So, you're the only one who knows how to fly the ship?” asked Dance.
“Heck no, we all do. But I'm pretty much a helm hog. I just love flying,” Rory said. “I guess if Stella was a woman, you could say we were in some kind of relationship.”
The Chief interrupted. “Rory, if Stella were a woman, she would have kicked your ass outta here a long time ago. But he's right about us all knowing how to fly Stella. You'll learn too. Rory will probably be the one to teach you.”
“And I'm looking forward to it too,” Rory said. “I hear you’re a navigator. What kind of navigation systems can you operate?”
“Geon-440B, Geon-600, All the Terk systems. The usual Navy gear, I guess,” she said.
Rory gave a thumbs-up. “That sounds good, you'll have no problems then. Stella has a Geon-512B23. It’s brand new and state of the art, compliments of the Crown. I Look forward to working with ya'.”
The Chief then said, “And last but not least is ... oh, where the holl is he? Beesa! Front and center.” What seemed like he came from out of nowhere, a childlike, non-gender specific creature appeared. It was half the size of anyone else, gray and hairless, and had small delicate eyes, ears, and nose. And its eyes were completely yellow with no pupils or any other features.
The little being said, “Beesa here to greet new shipmate. Beesa say hi.” Beesa waved happily to Dance.
“This is Beesa,” said the Chief. “He always talks in 3rd person; that takes some getting used to. He's always happy and glad to see you. The crazy thing about Beesa is that neither he nor anyone else we've ever talked to about him knows where he comes from or even what species he is. As far as anyone has figured out, he's a couple of hundred years old. Oh, and you have to keep your eyes on him. He’s faster than a beam of light. And I'm not exaggerating either. One second he's a kinometter away, the next second he's standing right in front of you. He fights like crazy too, and he seems to enjoy it. When you get into a battle with him, you'll hear him laughing.”
“Beesa wants to know new friend's name,” he said to her.
She had to think about how to answer him for a moment first, but then said, “Dance say to Beesa that her name is Dance.” She slowly extended her hands, together, opened, and palms up, to Beesa. She extended her right leg forward and crouched down in a motion that was both a bow and curtsy at the same time. She said, “Dance want to be Beesa's friend. Dance would be happy to be Beesa's friend.”
Beesa smiled and bounced off of the walls of the bridge laughing and squealing. “Beesa make new friend. Beesa very happy. Beesa like Dance. Beesa will be Dance's friend. Beesa says to Dance that he will always protect her and will never let bad things happen to her as long as Beesa is around. Yeeeeheeee! Yeeeeheeee!”
A new voice came from the entrance of the flight deck. It was Tok, and she surprised everyone. “How did you do that? Beesa always seems to be a happy little, um, person, but I've never seen him like that.”
“Captain!” Dance quickly turned face to face with Tok Barmer herself. She was the same height as Dance. Her physique was slender and athletic, with healthy, tan skin. Her eyes were big and green, but her most notable feature was her luxuriously long, sumptuous blue hair. That was typical for all Jenketty, but Tok's beauty was exceptional by any measure for any humanoid. Dance had trouble reconciling Tok's looks with her reputation as a rough pirate, smuggler, mercenary, bounty hunter, and dangerous privateer for the Crown.
“Seriously, how did you do that?” Tok asked again. “What was the bowing thing you did?”
“I learned it in an anthropology class at the academy. It was used in the Deep Distance thousands of years ago as a peace and friendship gesture. I thought I'd give it a shot.”
“Very impressive. I'm Tok Barmer.”
“Ensign Dance Hollydon, Captain.”
“Didn't the Chief get to the rules? No ranks, no titles. I'm the captain, but otherwise, we're all equals here. We're shipmates.
“Yes, ma'am.”
“And no ma'ams either. It's Tok, Chief, Beesa, Rory, Lina, Crank, Cheeky, and now Dance — that's it.”
“Got it, Tok. I'm flattered you let me be part of the crew.”
“Forget it. Since we're a Navy privateer, they make me have a Navy grunt as a liaison on board. I think it’s a waste of space on Stella, but they foot the bill for most of the gear on board that allows us to fly around and stir shlit up. Whatever. Most have been idiots not fit for space duty. Some of them had potential but slipped up. Too many of them are dead. I hope you're different. Chief, give her a couple of guns.”
“What?” Dance was surprised by how rapidly things happened.
“Do you think that's a good idea?” the Chief asked.
Tok ignored what he said and roughly emphasized her point with Dance. “Guns. You need guns. You do know how to use a blaster, don't you?”
“Sure I do.” The Chief handed Dance a Marcy-448 Power Blaster for her dominant hand and a Rad SB-67R Repeater pistol for her off-hand. “These are heavy,” she said.
Rory laughed and gave her some smack about that. “Oooo, the wittle guns are too heavy for da wittle ensign.”
The kidding rubbed her the wrong way. “No, what I mean is the barrels are not balanced correctly.”
Lina said in a tone that dripped with sarcasm. “Chief, did you hear that? Our prissy little Dance-y girl here is saying you don't know how to fit blasters.”
“No, I meant that I know that a blaster barrel needs to be balanced ….”
Tok got in her face, “I think you're starting off on the wrong foot, girlie. Chief's shlits are bigger and stronger than you are. And for you to insult him insults us all. Frock you. Rory, throw her sorry-ass out the airlock. Get her off my ship.”
“No, no, no, you've got it all wrong. What is this? You haven't given me a chance at all.”
Tok got nose to nose with Dance. “It figures that the Navy would do this. They always send us their waste and their rejects. They always send us the losers they can't kick out themselves. They always send us the expendable ones that they don't care get blasted into dust and ashes. Worse yet is I have to play nursemaid to them as they cry, cry, cry all day because it's too hard or too uncomfortable or too bloody.” Her final insult was the worst. “You don't have the balls to make it out here. You're nothing but target practice for some Collective grunt. You'll be dead in a week. Go home, baby!”
Dance seethed. That was not who she was. She was made of stronger stuff.
But Tok didn't let up. “Cry, little girl. Go bury your head in your pillow. We'll tell you when the hard parts are over so you can come out of hiding and pretend to be someone you most definitely are not.”
Insulted, demeaned, belittled, and mad as hell, Dance pulled her main hand blaster up, extended her arm fully, and planted the working end of the gun barrel square between Tok's eyes. “Okay, you crazy bitch, listen to me; I am not some pantywaist wimp; I can take anything out here. And, at the moment, you're just going to have to take my word for it. If you haven't noticed, I've got a Marcy-448 pointed at your frocking head. All I have to do is pull this trigger and this bridge will get a makeover with your brains. Got it?”
Lina got up out of her chair and started to approach. Dance raised her off-hand blaster and pointed it at her head too. “Sit down, Lina. This is between Tok and me.”
Lina put her hands up like she surrendered to Dance's command and sat back down. “No problem, girly-girl. You and Tok hammer this out.”
For a few moments, there was a tense standoff on the flight deck, but Dance didn't give a millimetter. She stood solid and resolute with the nozzle of her blaster aimed right at Tok's frontal lobes.
Tok smiled slyly. She asked, “Chief, how did she do?”
“She knows how to hold a gun. Her hands are nice and steady, but her stance needs work.”
“What?” Dance was confused. “What are you talking about?”
Without moving her head, Tok's gaze shifted to Lina. “Lina, did she actually aim at your head, or did she just pull the gun up and point it?”
“For sure, baby. She made a good aim. I'd be goners.”
“Goners?”
Tok smirked, “Yeah, me too. I could see her eye right down the barrel.” She slowly moved her hand up and gingerly pushed the blaster barrel away from her forehead. “No one is going to kill anyone today, Dance. These are decorations off the wall of the armory; they're dummies. They haven't fired a shot in years. I just wanted to see what you're made of. You did fine.”
“You mean this was a setup?” Dance was miffed.
“More like a test,” said Tok. Everyone relaxed “You passed with flying colors too. And I love your attitude. Remind me to never get you pissed off at me. You're in a new environment, with new people and conditions. You were vulnerable to getting rattled and not being able to respond appropriately, but you did just fine. Out here you operate on instinct, not analysis. Your reaction to our adversarial behavior toward you was exactly correct. Plus, there was the added bonus that your weapon handling was close to spot on. Nice job.”
Lina's hostile and mean demeanor disappeared too. She turned flirty and sexy, and she pulled Rory's arms around her and kissed him deeply and wildly. “How was my acting, baby?” she asked.
Rory was obviously her lover. “You did great, hun. I loved the surrender thing.”
Lina then shimmied her half-naked body up against Dance. “You know, Dance, you are one hot babe when you're holding a blaster. It made me all tingly inside, and I like feeling all tingly.”
“What?”
The Chief said, “I'll issue you the real things. And by the way, you were right about them being unbalanced. I did that on purpose. Good pick up on that. I was a weapons master in the Navy, so I know how to balance a blaster. I guess that brings us to rule #1. You know all those lectures on the code of conduct and rules of engagement that bored you at the Academy?”
“Yeah. They were boring,” said Dance.
Tok said, “Well, out here only rule #1 matters: kill or be killed. This little test was to make sure you won't freeze on us when it gets rough. We all have to have each other’s back when we’re in a firefiight with Collective goons on some stupid rock out in the Deep Distance.”
Even Beesa was happy. “YeeeeHeeee, Beesa's new friend passed Tok's gun test. Beesa's new friend part of Stella’s crew now.”
Tok smiled at her new shipmate. “Well, now that we have that over with, I guess I can make it official. Dance, welcome aboard the Stella Avalon.”

A NEW PERSONA
Tok issued instructions to her crew. “Chief, I’d like to get out of here in three hours. Can do?”
“Check, Tok. I’ll keep Cheeky and Crank on track too.”
“Great idea. You know how those kids like to hook up and plug into each other if they get half a chance. Rory, are those new upgraded control systems ready?”
“Yep. Everything looks good. I was going to help Lina prep the computer system.”
“Yeah, just keep your hands to yourself, bucko. Everyone knows Lina gets distracted easily.”
Lina objected, “But I like getting distracted by Rory.” When Tok passed the flirtatious Uhne, she gave her a spank on her rear and winked. “Ow! Tok, that hurt … but I liked it.”
“No kidding. And Beesa … Beesa, where are you?”
Beesa appeared out of nowhere.”Beesa ready to help get ready to go zoom!”
“Roger that. Dance say Beesa check and double check the cargo hold and make everything secure.” Beesa disappeared.
“And what about me,” asked Dance.
“You, my new shipmate, come with me,” said Tok as they walked to her private cabin. “Do you drink? What's your poison?”
Dance said. “I usually drink Porsis, maybe a Saverian Whiskey.”
They sat down together on the edge of Tok’s bed, the only large, soft horizontal surface in the cabin. “I've always got some Saverian Whiskey on board.” She reached above the bed’s headboard and grabbed the smooth whiskey’s distinctive octagonal-shaped bottle off of a shelf and poured two shots. “Porsis is hard to come by out here, but we can pick some up somewhere along the line.” She offered her glass for a quick toast. “To the Stella Avalon,” and they slammed them back.  
She leaned back on her elbows and smiled at her new shipmate. “I guess you want to hear about Stella first.”
“Sure, you’re the boss.”
“Good answer. Let’s see; Stella is a custom Monovaul A5 Light Cruiser built at a shipyard on the planet Anlisp-3 in the Frontier 20-ish years ago. She gets her power from three off-the-shelf Nova Adapter Reactors; they’re kinda new and barely have any hours on them. And to drive her there are two suped-up Vek-Sasso Z57 Ito Repeater Hyperdrives with Hutton Devices. She can scoot bigtime when she needs to.”
“How fast will she go?” Dance asked.
“Five parsecs a day, five and a half if she’s feeling spunky.”
“That is quick. Sounds like fun.”
“It is. She also has seven Hegadorn TT-12 Deflector Pallets, dorsal and ventral plasma cannons, and Corius phasers all around. She can take it and dish it out.”
“This is a lot of ship. How did you get her?”
“I, shall I say, ended up with her.”
“Wait a second. How do you just end up with a ship like this?”
“My father is a smuggler too: Jocko Barmer is his name. But he’s not a privateer like we are. He’s on that legal edge, in trouble no matter what side he falls over onto. He pretty much has everyone firing at him, trying to kill him. I haven’t seen him in something like three or four years. My mother finally got sick of her husband being gone all the time, all over the galaxy chasing some prize or another, so they separated. They were never legally joined, so all she had to do was get their contract voided and leave him. And when I joined up with him some years back, with me being gone all the time too, well, let’s just say I’m not on great terms with my parents.”
“And how did he get Stella?”
“The way he tells the story, there was a lot of booze and stims involved, a couple of firefights, and him having to make a fast exit after he had some, um, shall I say, hanky-panky with the wife of a pretty high up member of the Anslip-3 royal family. I mean really high up, like the Queen.”
“Sounds sketchy,” Dance kidded.
“Typical for him. But I’m sure it was all legal … at least I hope it was. But let’s change the subject, shall we?”
“You’re the captain, Tok.” Dance thought all that was funny.
Tok turned their attention to Dance’s attire. “Those Academy issued fatigues have got to go,” Tok said.
“Yeah, the way they hustled me out of the academy when I said yes to this, I’m lucky I ended up with anything to wear at all.” 
“And I’m assuming they don’t have an armor threading.” 
Dance said, “No, they're just cotton. They’re comfortable but don’t do anything for protection.”
Tok said. “We can’t have you running around the galaxy working undercover for the Navy with clothes that say ‘Navy’ imprinted all over them. Even if they didn’t say anything about being from the Academy, they could be traced back to there. Besides, you need outfits with some armor threading in them.”
“That's going to be a problem,” said Dance. “Other than three of these things all I have is two leggings, three tee-shirts, pajamas, a couple of bras, socks, and underwear. And they didn’t give me anything else at their training facility.”
“You were planning on wearing the same three sets of fatigues over and over again?” Tok asked.
“Yeah, I guess so.” Dance was embarrassed. “And as far as money goes, an Academy-grad Ensign's pay is near the bottom of the pay scale charts. A lot of grads come from moneyed families. I don't. My folks are gone. I've only got about a hundred credits. That's all.”
“So, you did the whole Academy thing on your own?” Tok said. “That must have been hard.”
“It was my senior year, and, yeah, it was hard. And I'm pretty much broke.”
“Well, it's a good thing you're on the Stella Avalon. All that is going to change.” 
“Do you mean more money? Money is good. I’m all ears.”
“Let me tell you how things work. Remember, we're privateers. That means we have an official but confidential commission to go out and intercept shipping, engage enemy combatants, do as much damage as we can, and generally be a pain in the ass to the Collective. Also, we do whatever I think advances the security of The Crown Commonwealth of Margra. And as far as money goes, we get prize money on anything we can get our hands on: ships, material, outlaws, except things the Navy specifically asks for. When we bring the loot back to Margra, a prize agent converts it to cash for us. The Navy pays us a finders fee for their stuff. All the profit is then split ten ways. You, the Chief, Lina, Rory and Beesa each get one-tenth. I get five-tenths, but I cover all the expenses. The Navy maintains Stella. We make a good living on this ship.”
“So, we're licensed pirates. Do we operate only in Collective space?”
“Nope. We'll spend most of our time in the Frontier, sometimes in Collective space, and even sometimes in Crown space. We even go out into The Deep Distance sometimes. While we're in Crown space, I have what is called a Writ of Immunity for all of us. It's a get out of jail free card. I just have to make sure I don't abuse it. In the Frontier, our legal status doesn't matter because there are no organized planetary federations or alignments of any kind binding the planets together. To them, we're just pirates. But when we're in Collective space, we're enemy spies. If we get caught there it's more than likely we'd be given a quick and dirty show-trial and an even quicker and dirtier execution. So, we can't wear uniforms or any kind of Navy emblems or identification. If any of us wore a uniform, it could be construed that whatever we were doing in their space was a military incursion. The Crown sure as hell doesn't want that. Nobody does.”
“Don’t the treaties with the Collective set the rules of engagement with them?” Dance asked.
“All those treaties, no matter how well-intended they were, are worthless. The only reason both sides don't get into each other's grill militarily is that our mutual levels of force creates a situation where both sides would be annihilated if actual war broke out. But conflicts do need to occur to keep things stable; they're pressure releases. That's where we come in. We go out and antagonize the Collective. We all shoot at each other every now and then, a few of us and them die, and we all go home at the end of the day with each side claiming victory. 
But there's more. Sometimes more intense missions have to take place. Missions that, by their clandestine nature, can't be seen as being performed by the Navy or any of the Crown forces or agencies. We're the ones who get dirty so the Crown doesn't. We create deniable accountability. And the Collective operates privateers in exactly the same way and do the same types of things we do.”
“Okay, I get it. But I still don't have any clothes or money to buy anything with,” Dance said.
“I can help you with both. I've got a few outfits that I don't wear anymore that I think will fit you. We have similar figures.” Tok stood up and opened her locker. She rifled through the rack, pulled out three outfits, and threw them over to Dance. “Okay, first is that brown flight suit. It’s nothing special, but it's handy in battle. It can absorb some blasts with its armor threading, but it can get hot. That's why I don't wear it anymore. The tactical slacks are always handy. Overall, it’s a decent outfit. But, as you can see, it doesn’t set the fashion world on fire. If you want to attract a lover, that is not the outfit to wear.”
Dance then held up what amounted to no more than a bikini top, a pair of stretchy leggings, a little skirt-like sash around the hips, and calf-high soft leather boots. “Seriously? You wore this?” she asked. “There’s not much of an outfit here.”
Tok laughed, “Ha! When I was younger, yeah, I wore it. I guess I’ve mellowed in my old age. You can wear that when you’re on some desert planet. It’s actually quite comfortable when the temperature is up there; you’ll be glad you have it. But then, you can also wear it when the mood strikes you.” Tok then kidded, “And you’ll certainly be a hit in any cantina at the pirate and smuggler colonies, that’s for sure.” 
Dance then held up the third outfit, a super-sleek and super-sexy, silver and gray stretch jumpsuit. She said, “Now, this is cute. It feels like it's been through a lot though.”
Tok held it to her face and took a deep whiff of it. “It has. Damn, I love this outfit. I wore it for years. It looks like it will fit you fine. And talk about being able to take a blast. This was made custom for me on Margra with 70% Strato-Armor thread. Try that on first, you'll like it. It’s very soft and comfortable.”
Dance smelled the outfit too. “So, you've worn this in combat?”
“Yes, many times. Way too many to count,” Tok said, “There's a saying in the ranks of mercenaries in the Frontier. When one of them is successful in battle and showed great bravery, it would be said they smelled of smoke and blood.”
Dance pulled the cloth closer to her nose and inhaled as if she slowly savored it. “That's what it smells like,” she said. “It really smells like smoke and blood, like the threads are saturated with the scents.” 
That triggered a revelation by her. It was a deadly serious revelation. She asked, “Tok, with this assignment, I'm in it deep, aren't I? The Collective, combat, killing, death, war, all of it.”
Tok understood the nature and concern of Dance’s question. She replied honestly yet compassionately. “Yes, you are, very deep. I'm not going to lie to you. This is the real deal. You’re going to have to be tough to survive this. You’re going to have to be stronger than you’ve ever been in your life.”
Dance asked, “During my orientation, Navy Intelligence drilled it into me that this is such a dangerous assignment, all my predecessors either quit … or died. Is it true about how many of the Navy members of your crew have died?”
“Four out of seven like you, yes, and they were all young and enthusiastic, just like you. One death is too many though.”
“How did they die?”
“Three died in firefights on some Frontier planets, and one was executed when he was captured on a Collective planet. The three that survived bailed out on us back on Margra the moment they could.” 
“I guess I didn’t want that much detail, but my question was actually why did they die,” Dance said. “Was it something they did wrong? There has to be a reason.”
“They didn't do anything wrong except they weren't ready for this kind of thing,” said Tok. “The Academy makes fine Navy officers, but not spacers. Being a real spacer, an outlaw and raider, someone who’s dangerous and unpredictable, is a whole ‘nother thing from being a Navy officer. 
It's different here than what you've been taught at the Academy. It is very dangerous. Plus, there are a lot of people who spend time out here who think a war between the Crown and the Collective is unavoidable. I’m not sure yet, but there’s a lot of antagonism and posturing going on. And the level of violence is on the upswing, as well as the number of incursions on each side. That’s obvious.”
“Calen Root, the Navy Commander who recruited me said as much.”
“He'd know,” said Tok. “He’s the lone exception to everything I’ve said about Navy officers. I’ve never met anyone like him before. He’s strong, tough, intelligent, and he knows what he’s doing. Plus, he looks good in a uniform.”
Dance then said, “At the Academy, we always heard stories about the Stella Avalon and Tok Barmer, how fast the ship was and that she could outrun any Collective gunship. And then there were the stories about you and the crew, how wild and dangerous you are, how you could crush any group of Collective goons without breaking a sweat.”
“Ha! What a load of romanticized space sludge,” said Tok. “Sure, there have been lots of gunfights and battles, but there’s been nothing cool or glamorous about it all. There’s been a lot of sweat and blood spilled.” 
Tok stood up and peeled off her clothing until she was down to her undergarments. She then pointed to all the scars on her body. “Knife fight wounds, blaster bolts, scratches, burns, lacerations, broken bones. Only Cheeky can tell you how many times I’ve been in a coma or almost dead ... Hell, or even clinically dead!” She then pointed to one scar in particular just to the right of her left breast directly over where her heart was. It looked fresh. “And I earned this beauty six months ago when I had a go with a dumbass bounty hunter on some worthless planet out in the Deep Distance. He attacked me with a frocking sharpened stick! Nicked my heart. Cheeky saved me again.” 
All Dance could say was, “By the stars, that’s incredible.”
Tok was then very direct.“Be honest with me, Dance. More important, be honest with yourself; are you afraid at all?”
“Yeah, I think I am,” Dance said. “Some, at least.”
“Good. A little fear will help keep you alive. But know that being afraid is not the same as being a coward. I'm afraid a lot of the time too. I should be. There are times when I've been on some worthless chunk of planet, face to face with a bounty hunter or Collective goon whose only intent was to kill me so he could collect some bounty on me. There's a one-million-credit bounty from the Collective on my head right now. You better believe I'm afraid; everyone has their guns out and pointed at me. If you survive long enough they'll be a bounty on your head too. So it's justified to be afraid. But channel your fears toward your's and your shipmates' survival. And always remember that your shipmates have your back.”
Dance was impressed with Tok in every way. “I'll remember that. Thanks. It's an honor to be part of this crew,” the young spacer said. 
Tok put her hand on Dance's shoulder to reassure her. “It's a pleasure serving with you too.”
“I do have a personal question though,” Dance said. “Is it true what they say about Jenketty men and women?”
Tok laughed, “You mean about us being the best lovers in the Galaxy? That we're the best sex partners? Yeah, it's true. But it's not just about pleasure; it’s more complicated than that. There's some important science involved. But that's a conversation for another time.”
“And Chief said to never say the rhyme about Jenketty lovers around you. Is that true too?” Dance asked.
“Chief is 100% correct about that one! I've killed a handful of goons because they thought it was cute to say it to my face. I'm proud of my people and our heritage. Just because others have hang-ups about sex doesn't mean I have to listen to their shlit. Anyway … C'mon, change into that silver suit and get back to the flight deck. It’s time for us to get to work, or whatever you want to call this.”
Dance went back to the bunk room and pulled the slinky, silver-grey jumpsuit on. At first, she zipped the full-length front zipper all the way up to her neck. That was how the suit was made; that would have been the proper thing to do. But that was a new time for her: a new job, new responsibilities, new friends, new thoughts. Why not also a new look? Why not a new persona? Why not a new Dance Hollydon? 
She pulled the zipper back down to reveal more of her chest and skin. The form fitting, tight suit made her have a pronounced, strong, and quite sexy cleavage. It was an overall more daring and sexy look for her but, with her new circumstances - more edgy, more bold, more dangerous, more outrageous - it was somehow more appropriate.
As she checked herself out and decided if she liked her new look, she focused on her head, her auburn hair actually. It had been in the same Navy approved bun style all four years of her time at the Academy. 
“Well, that is not going to do anymore at all,” she said to herself. “The bun has got to go!” So, she let her long hair drop, and she pulled the mop back into a long ponytail that fell down to the middle of her back. She stood at a mirror and checked herself out. “You know what? Not bad, Dance, not bad at all,” she said.
“Nope, not bad.” It was Chief at the door. 
She jerked around and faced his voice. “Oh, you startled me, Chief.”
“Sorry; I didn’t mean to. Ya know, that jumpsuit you have on was kind of a trademark for Tok. And it's more than just a fashion statement. It's actually armor. It can absorb a blaster shot better than some durosteel or epoxycore shielding. Just make sure the blast hits you on the suit and not your head. And you'll be surprised how often that little skimpy outfit comes in handy. Some of the planets in the Frontier are nothing but giant sandboxes. They're dry and hot like an engine reactor. We all shed some layers when we're on one of those rocks.”
He continued, “Yeah, I haven't seen that gear out of her locker in quite a while, and that's too bad. She always looked great in it. She looked, I don't know how to describe it, more daring-do or energized. 
Now, we're not a fashion salon, that's for sure. Living in close proximity like this, we'll see each other's bad sides a lot. And we’ve all gotten used to seeing each other starkers when we’re cleaning up and getting dressed or undressed. But we do try to take pride in ourselves every little way we can. That includes how we dress. I guess it’s a personal dignity thing. Anyway, her old silver suit looks good on you too.” 
The Chief then remembered why he was there. “Ah, well, here, that’s enough of that. I brought this for you.” He handed her a bulky gun belt that she snapped on. It hung low on her hips, and it had several utility compartments. “And these are yours,” he said, “and I can assure you, they're balanced perfectly.” He gave her two blasters just like the dummies he gave her during her test with Tok and the crew: a Marcy-448 Power Blaster for her dominant hand and a Rad SB-67R Repeater Pistol for her off-hand. She held each of them pointed straight out in front of her with her elbows locked. She swung them up at a forty-five-degree angle first to 12:00, then 6:00, then 9:00, then 3:00, then back to center. She then pointed each weapon straight out to her sides, then crossed her body with them to the opposite sides.
The Chief was impressed with her technique. “It’s obvious that you know your way around a blaster. I can see that. How do they feel?”
“They feel really good, Chief. They're balanced very nicely. Perfectly, actually,” she said. “I’ve always liked how a Marcy feels; they use a few of them in classes at the Academy. They feel like confidence.”
“I know they don't teach those balance moves in the Academy. How did you learn that?” he asked.
“My dad taught me all about it. He was an army vet, and we’d go on camping trips and float trips up in the hills of Ayrona. Mom would take care of the campsite while he and I went out into the woods and blasted some poor unsuspecting tree. I like guns; I’m comfortable with them. I finished first in my class at the Academy in marksmanship.” She slapped them on the clips of her gun belt. “This is a nice kit, Chief. Thanks.”
The Chief laughed. “My pleasure, Dance. I guess the Collective and all the other space idiots out there better watch their asses from now on, for you as well as Tok. Well, we better get up to the flight deck. Tok is itching to get out of here.”
The entire crew joined Tok on the flight deck. She had plopped down in her Captain's chair with one leg hung over its padded arm, casual and relaxed. “Remember everyone, first name basis only. I don't want to hear any 'Captains' or 'Ma'ams' or 'Sirs. Isn't that right, Dance?”
The excited, young spacer stepped around everyone to get to her chair at the navigation and data control station next to the helm, to Rory’s right. She looked sleek and sexy in Tok's silver spacesuit. And with big, bad blasters holstered on both hips, she looked dangerous too. “That's right, Tok. First names only,” she said with new confidence and swagger that everyone noticed.
“Oh, yeah!” exclaimed Lina. “It looks like we have us a hot hot hot space babe on our hands. Rory, honey, I better not catch you sneaking glances at her.”
He replied, “I only have eyes for you, Lina.”
She teased, maybe, “And if you want to keep them, you’d better. Love ya.”
Rory didn’t know how to respond. “Um, yeah, whatever you say.”
Tok peered at a cluster of readings on a holo-display. She selected a few holo-switches and tapped the back of Dance's chair with her toe. “Where do you want to go, Dance?”
“I'd like to try out these blasters the Chief so beautifully set up for me, that's what.”
“Sounds good to me. Let's go find some abandoned piece of rock and have us a blaster shoot-off. Any suggestions, anyone?”
Lina spoke up. “How about Tanganaki, in the Deep Distance? No one ever goes there. And there's water and beaches. It’s supposed to be paradise.”
“Tanganaki in the Deep Distance, it is. Give me a sec, Dance. I'll get the coordinates for you.”
Before Tok could even open her datapad, Dance blazed through a series of switches. “Course is laid in for Tanganaki, twenty-five parsecs, ETA is five days. I've got green lights on the route plotter. We are free to navigate.”
At the helm, Rory was caught off guard by Dance's speed at her controls. He had to catch up. “Uh, yeah, roger that; I see green too. We're ready to go, Tok.” He then asked Dance, “How did you learn to do all that so fast?”
She said, “They teach us how to do more at the Academy than march around like a bunch of snotty midshipmen.”
The Chief laughed. “You're going to have to pick up your game, Rory. We've got us a real navigator now.”
Tok said, “Very good, Dance, very good indeed. Well, Rory, what are you waiting for? An engraved invitation from the King and Queen themselves? Kick it!”
Rory turned to Dance and swept his hand toward his helm controls. “Would you like the honor?”
“I'd love to!” A broad smile lit up the new spacer’s face as she reached over to Rory's station and pressed a big red button in the middle of the control panel. The ship moaned as its reactors and hyperdrives spun up to maximum power. It then pivoted ninety-seven degrees away from Margra and onto the first leg of Dance's route to the planet Tanganaki. Then, in less time than a blink, the ship’s matter-antimatter converter reached critical maximum power, the hyperdrives engaged, and the Stella Avalon disappeared into The Deep Distance.

THE SALON
Calling the vast open space between planetary systems ‘The Deep Distance’ was appropriate. And even though travelling at the speed of 5 or 5.5 parsecs per day was blazing fast, there was still a lot of empty space to cross and empty time to fill. 
Even though she was very well maintained by Crown technicians, there was always something for the crew to do on board the Stella Avalon -- some task, some function, some repair, some upgrade, some item on a checklist, something. They didn’t work shifts per se, but they all knew that when there was some project that needed to be done, small or large, they did them. 
Chief was the boatswain, the deck boss, and on any routine day, it was his call when a work day was complete and they could all enjoy some downtime. It was then and only then that they could relax, sleep, bathe, eat, drink, whatever they felt they had to do. All that in a spaceship that traveled at hyperspace speeds, magically dashing between planetary systems in mere hours.
As the newest shipmate on the crew, Dance had a lot to learn about life on the Stella Avalon. She learned her role and responsibilities mostly under Tok’s patient, personal mentorship. Much of it was technical or procedural, but not all of it. Some of what she learned about were the social aspects of living with so few other people in close confines for what could be great lengths of time. 
For entertainment Stella had a sizable and comfortable salon that adjoined the mess. It was the off duty hub of Stella with the usual diversions one would find in a modest home’s playroom: comfortable chairs, a couch, a large format holo-show device, Beckla table, Kapitsa board, and music system. 
There was also a very well stocked bar. Whatever a crew member's tastes were, the bar had plenty of it in stock. Chief preferred brew, and it didn’t matter what brewery or planet it was from. If it was cold and frothy, he drank it. Rory preferred pausch, a booze with a dry yet still fruity edge to it. Lina had a taste for Crazy Slammers, a super sweet mixed drink with pausch as its main ingredient, mixed with whatever fruit was available from whatever planet they could get some from. Tok preferred saverian whiskey, known for its smooth taste and big kick. Dance liked porsis, an off-dry wine with a very high esylhol content and a punch to match, but they hadn’t laid in a supply of that yet. Until they did, she drank whatever Tok drank, so saverian whiskey it was.
And there was a lot of drinking. And while Dance had plenty of experience with that when she was a student at the Naval Academy, she wasn’t in the same league as the rest of Stella’s crew. However, she did try to keep up. On that particular evening, she and Tok sat on the couch together and toasted their new friendship.
“To Stella! Drink up, ensign,” said Tok sloppily. “That’s an order, bitch,”
“Yes, ma’am, Captain, ma’am,” said Dance with a feeble navy salute. “I think I’m drunk again, Actually, I know I’m drunk again. I hate Saverian Whiskey.”
“Me too,” giggled Tok. “I mean, me too I’m drunk, not me too I hate Saverian Whiskey. I love Saverian Whiskey.”
“You like saverian whiskey maybe a little too much,” kidded Dance.
“Could be.” Tok comically shrugged her shoulders. “I mean, it goes down so smoothly. It’s like drinking air.” She looked around the salon to see if there was anyone else there. There wasn’t. “Where’d everyone go?”
“They all went to bed,” said Dance. “They’re pooper poppers, potty poppers, shlit, par…. You know what I mean.”
Tok yawned, “Oh well, maybe we need to turn in too. How far out from Tanganaki are we, ya think?”
Dance shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know, maybe two days, something like that.”
Tok laughed, “Hey, you’re the frocking navigator. You’re supposed to know that shlit.” She suppressed a laugh. “I’m so disappointed in you.”
“No, you’re drunk, that’s what you are,” laughed Dance back. “Hey, Tok, before we turn in, I gotta question for ya. It’s an important question, I mean, it’s a question that I wanna ask you.”
“Shoot, shipmate. Lay it on me.”
Dance looked seriously at Tok, at least as seriously as she could as drunk as she was. She blew an unruly strand of her auburn hair from in front of her face and asked, “Why are you being so nice to me? I mean, you, personally, Tok Barmer, are being really nice to me. What’s up with that?”
“Ha! Just wait until you frock up sometime. Then I’m going total rag on you.”
“No, seriously,” said Dance,” you’re, like, super cool to me. Don’t get me wrong, it’s brilliant, but what’s the deal?”
“Actually, it’s pretty simple (burp),” said Tok. “I like you. You're different than the other ensigns  and lieutenants the Navy has sent to me. I don’t want anything to happen to you. I mean, I’m not saying I wanted anything to happen to them, I didn’t, but for sure I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“You didn’t treat the other liaisons like you treat me?” asked Dance.
“No, I didn’t. I usually let the others do all this orientation and training stuff,” Tok said. “Like I said, you’re different, and I felt it when we first met up on the bridge. And now that I’ve seen you underway, I feel that even more. Besides, ya got mad skills, you’re as smart as a computer, and you’re fitting into life on Stella perfectly. Plus, I like being with you, and I guess that’s the main reason I’m working with you myself. Maybe there’s something about you that reminds me of me when I was younger.”
“That’s sweet. I like that,” said Dance. 
“Now, you don’t mind if I get personal with you, do you?” asked Tok. “I don’t get to get into girltalk like this with Lina. The conversation usually ends up being about the most efficient way to kill someone.”
Dance said, “Go ahead.” 
Tok continued. “Well, I just have this feeling about you that you’re important. I dunno how or why, but I feel you’re special to me, to your shipmates, to anyone. I really like you, Dance.”
“I like you too, Tok,” said Dance. “Let me be blunt with you (burp) now; I think you’re frocking amazing. I’ve never ever met a woman like you before, and I want to be like you.” Dance then said, quite tenderly, “I want you to be my friend.”
Tok said back, “Ahh, that’s so nice. I want you to be my friend too, Dance.” She then leaned over to Dance and gave her a small kiss on her cheek. “So, friends?”
Dance replied, “Roger that, friends.”
After a blank pause for almost a minute, Tok blurted out, “Welp, I think I need to go to bed while I can still get there.”
“I do too,” said Dance, “but I don’t think I can climb into my bunk. I think this couch looks pretty good to sleep on. Besides, sleeping in an upper bunk makes climbing up and down to take a pee a real pain. (burp)”
Tok said, “Why don’t you crash in my bed? It’s closer to the floor, and I have a private head to take a pee. And I won’t bite you. I may nibble on you, but I won’t bite you.”
Dance feigned shock. “Oh my! Are you making a pass at me?” she joked. “Ya know, girl to girl, you are a very sexy woman, and that’s one of the things I want to be like you like -- did I say that right?”
Tok leaned into Dance just enough for their bodies to make contact. She then lightly turned Dance’s face towards her so that that a kiss was only a breath away. “Well, would you like to try something … new?”
Dance didn’t pull away, but didn’t push in further either. “I’ve never been, you know, with another woman before.”
“No better time than the present.”
“I don’t know. I’m not sure.”
Tok asked, “As a homo sapien from Ayrona, what would you call what’s happening right now?”
“Um, we’re flirting, toying with each other,” answered Dance. “making out, we’re having a fling?”
Tok said, “As a homo jenien Jenketty, in the ancient Jenketty language, we’re ‘juuling’: playful affection, flirting, foreplay. Would you like to juul with me?”
“Yes, I do. You do turn me on, and I’d like to give in to you, but I guess I’m having trouble wrapping my mind around it. Maybe it’s the saverian whiskey.” 
“It probably is. Saverian whiskey is a great lubricant for one’s libido.”
“I don’t mean that. My libido is plenty lubricated. What I mean is that I’m pretty frocking drunk, and I don’t think I can physically perform. I feel like I’m going to pass out or barf on you, and that’s no way to enjoy each other. I don’t think I can be what you’re expecting. And I sure can’t enjoy it like I think I want to.”
Tok twirled a strand of Dance’s hair in her fingers. She asked, “Do you remember when you said you wanted to be like me? That’s a heavy dream. We Jenketty are, shall I say, always ready.”
“I’m sure you are, and I am totally down with the idea of it, but not now, not tonight. I’ll just be worthless.”
“Even just a kiss?”
“Not yet,” replied Dance. “Please, let me decide that.”
“Certainly, it’s your choice,” said Tok sweetly.
“If I were sober, I’d be all over you and let you be all over me,” confessed Dance. “I feel like I’m becoming consumed with you, and I don’t have a choice. I have to be yours. And, this is crazy, but I want to be you. However you are, I want to be that too. And if that means we become lovers, then that’s what I want.”
As she was led to Tok’s cabin, Dance asked, “Are all Jenketty women like you?” 
“Into women? No, not all of them, not many of them at all actually, but I am. And I have some purdy good girly skills I know you’ll enjoy. Are you game?”
“It’s not a matter of if I’m game but when I’m game.”
“I understand,” said Tok.
“And when we do this, when we make love, what’s that called in the ancient Jenketty language?”
 “It’s called ‘cuuling’, and I want to cuul with you, Dance.”
“Me too.”
The two of them walked into Tok’s cabin, and almost the moment Dance plopped down on Tok’s bed, she passed out, fully clothed, without a drop of energy or motivation to do anything else. In the battle between Dance’s bi-curiosity, her craving for her mentor, and the Saverian Whiskey, the whiskey won. It overpowered any other inclinations she had.
“Dance? Are you awake?” Tok asked. Dance was fast asleep, unconscious really. “That’s probably for the better. (yawn) We’re both too drunk. Truth be told, I wouldn’t be able to wow you like I want.” Tok tenderly cleared Dance’s hair from her eyes and mouth. She then covered her with a small blanket. “I think I need to go to sleep too, my beautiful young friend,” (burp) They’ll be more times for us to juul and cuul.” 

BEACH PARTY
The Stella Avalon needed a decent sized but not overly large clearing to land on Tanganaki. As they approached the planet, Dance ran scans of the planet’s entire atmosphere, dense jungles, and rocky terrain. “Lots of Dasnine in the air. Our omnicomms probably won’t work.”
“Noted. I’ll pass that on to the Chief,” replied Tok. “It’s a pretty place though, isn’t it?”
“Look’s nice enough,” said Dance. “Now, if I can only find a place to land.” She scanned the surface for a moment more. “And here it is, right on the coast just off the beach with a nice, small bay.”
“How big is the clearing?” asked Rory.
“The ship's footprint measures one-hundred metters long by sixty metters wide, right? The landing zone is a hair bigger.”
“No problem. I can land this baby on a credit coin.” Rory was a showoff when it came to his piloting chops. He set Stella's final approach toward the clearing from further inland, almost at treetop height. It was riskier, but it served his ego perfectly.
“Rory, you know how bitchy I get when you scratch the paint on our girl,” Tok said nervously. “I’m trying to remain cool here, but I’m not digging this approach.”
“Don't worry, Tok. I got this,” he said. “You just sit in your special chair and let Dance and I handle this. Right, Dance?” 
“Rory, she's right. You’re coming in too low,” Dance said. “I appreciate how you want to impress me with your flying skills, me being the new girl on the crew and all, but….” A thick treetop snapped when it got violently whacked off by the fuselage. “I’ll be just as impressed if you don’t kill us.”
“Ahh, Dance, not you too? What a bunch of party poopers,” he said.
Tok's hands were tight around the armrests of her chair. “Seriously, pull her up some and slow her down. That's an order, shipmate.”
“Aw, shoot. Aye, Captain,” he said. “I’m glad I don't have to call you that very often.”
“I’m glad I don't have to give you direct orders very often,” Tok snapped back. 
Rory confidently blazed his hands and fingers across all the digital command and control panels. The ship obeyed his inputs and rose fifty metters and slowed down to a speed barely more than making way. “Well, that was fun while it lasted.” He was disappointed. “Two-thousand metters to go. Count me down, Dance.”
From her chair at the navigator station, Dance brought up the distance and range vectoring data. “Seventeen-hundred by seventeen-hundred … sixteen-hundred by eleven-hundred … nine-hundred by five-hundred … four-hundred … three-hundred … fifty … zero. Bingo.” The view through the front viewports showed Rory had hit his mark and lowered Stella perfectly into the clearing. Dance continued with the final call-outs. “Minus forty and …gear down!”
Landing radar determined the optimal altitude for the tricycle landing gear to deploy, and they snapped down out of the hull with a loud, clanking, mechanical noise that reverberated throughout the ship. The touch down though was almost bumpless.
“And here we are. Welcome to Tanganaki,” Rory said. “And I have to say, I was awesome.”
Tok laughed under her breath but slapped Rory on the back of his head when she got up to leave the flight deck. “Showoff.” 
“Ow! Hey, come on, Tok. You gotta admit, that was a great landing,” he said.
She winked at Dance. It was an inside joke. “Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you scratched my ship, I'm going to dock the price of a whole new paint job from your next prize money voucher.”
Rory then turned to Dance to scrounge for her approval. “What about you, Dance? What did you think? Wasn't that great or what?” 
Just like Tok, Dance feigned nonchalance toward her helmmate in his moment of triumph. In one smooth movement, she undid her seat belt, got up from her station, and slapped him on the back of his head too. “It was okay, showoff.”
“What? You're giving me shlit too?” Rory exclaimed. “Great, just what we needed, a Tok clone.”
Lina, though, walked over to Rory in his chair, climbed on, and straddled him. With a slow, sexy grind, she massaged his battered ego and need for approval with her attention, and massaged his bulge through his tactical pants with her body, at least for the moment. “Rory, Rory, Rory, my beautiful lover, I thought you were amazing … unbelievable … and very … very … sexy,” she said with a long, wet kiss in between each compliment. She rocked on his swollen manhood with frantic orgasmic pulsations and moaned openly without any regard as to whether anyone else on the crew heard her. 
(Back in the crew’s quarters, Dance asked the Chief, “Is that Rory and Lina doing what I think they’re doing … at the helm?” He answered, “Yeah, you’ll get used to it.”) 
Back up on the flight deck, Lina got her freak on.“And you’re landing, your skill, your mastery of the controls, it all really turned me on. You know how much I like it when you take control. And, oh baby, did you ever. It got me so, so, so hot, I’m tempted to give it up for you right here and now. Oh! My! God!”
Rory lost any semblance of composure and grabbed at Lina’s skimpy top and tried to pull it off her. He was home free, ready to get off right there in his pilot’s chair, but he couldn’t leave well enough alone. “Ah, Lina, that would be so cool. I’m up for it. But, about the landing, I was awesome, wasn’t I?”
Lina stopped cold. She sprung off his lap and slapped him on the back of his head too. “You’re a great pilot, flyboy, but Tok and Dance were right.”
“Hey, what about you and me, here, now?” he pleaded. “I’m, like, in the middle of, you know….”
“Huh, crazy thing; all of a sudden I’m not in the mood,” she said. “Maybe next time ... when you’re not being such a showoff!” 
Tok made her rounds of the ship and took an inventory of the state of crew and vessel. Everyone on the crew, including Dance, had a checklist of things they had to do to secure Stella.
Tok’s first stop in the ship was the engine room. Crank had already pulled several access panels off and had climbed into the port engine’s workings. “What are you doing in there, Crank? Anything wrong?” she asked.
He kept his nose in his business while he answered. “During our flight here, my sensors detected some small adjustments and calibrations that the Crown technicians made that I need to do over. They’re great mechanics but lousy tuners.”
“Anything serious?” she asked.
“No, just minor things,” Crank replied. “Well, when I say minor, I mean that another day or so all-out and the Cryo - Converters would have burst, the Marcet J-Splitter would have probably locked up, and the Drift Breaker would have started a micro-vibration that would have eventually shaken the ship apart. That portside Ion Tri-Diverter needs a quick look-see too; it’s always a problem. But other than that, everything is fine.”
“How long will all that take?” she asked.
“If Cheeky doesn’t bug me, ten hours and thirty-seven minutes, give or take seventeen seconds.”
“Sounds like a typical day at the office,” she said. “Get to it, and keep me informed.” The Chief came around a corner and almost collided with Tok. She said, “Hey, Chief; just the guy I wanted to see. Did the Crown technicians fix the shore systems as I asked?”
He answered, “Yeah, they did. The crew chief was an old shipmate of mine. He’s been in and out of starships for thirty years, and even he said he’d never seen anything quite like how we got Stella rigged for shore landings.”
“Dance says there’s Dasnine in the atmosphere.”
“She told me. The omnicomms won’t be much good then. If we need anything like them I’ll break out the old radio remotes. I have the remote for the shore system here for you.” He handed her the old fashioned push button radio control. 
“That is awesome, Chief. Thank you much.” She took the remote from him and went across the hall to the mess. “Cheeky, what’s on the menu today, dear?”
“Well, I haven’t grilled over an open solar-grill in quite a few years, but I certainly remember how. It’s as if it’s in my process memory core … which it is. I’ve got a nice big slab of Goldhorn Strix, a heaping pile of Uxotil Mash, Okketron….”
“Fresh Okketron, I hope,” Tok said. 
“Of course it’s fresh. Frozen Okketron is so horrid. It just doesn’t thaw well at all. I also found some Glummio for the Plutarin Cakes, and just for you…  Crocotta Crumble for dessert.”
Tok gave Cheeky a hug. “I love it when you cook Jenkette-style.”
The droid then asked, “Will you all be enjoying that in the traditional Jenketty way?”
Tok laughed. “Ha! This is a beach party, not an orgy.”  
It took the entire crew an hour to finish their checklists. Since it was her first voyage, Dance’s list was mostly mundane tasks at her flight station and in non-technical areas of Stella. She then put on the bikini-esque ensemble Tok gave her and headed out the egress ramp to the beach and helped the Chief set up the party scene.
After she changed into her skimpy little swimsuit herself, barely more than three triangles of gauze held in place by strings of sewing thread, Tok grabbed her blasters and headed down the egress ramp out of Stella and joined the others. They had their hands full of their own personal beach stuff and were waiting for Tok to get the party started. The Chief brought out some lounges and a cooler of brews. There was a shaded forcefield that kept them all out of direct sunlight. It also blocked and disintegrated droppings from the flying Sea Marblin overhead. Beesa wore a floppy grass hat, and he plopped down on a beach towel on the sand. The beach scene was almost complete. 
“Okay, everyone, let's get the party rolling,” Tok said. She pointed the remote at the ship and pressed one of the buttons. Panels on the ship opened and mechanical assemblies spun and turned into place. There was a solar grill, a food cooler loaded with Cheeky’s menu items, and an array of large, digital music speakers.
Dance couldn’t help herself but be amused. “That is just awesome. So I take it you’ve done this before?” she asked Tok.
Tok said, “Not every day is flying around and shooting stuff up, fun as that is. Sometimes you have to chill out and relax. Besides, the only way the Navy knows what we’re doing is if some by-the-book Navy liaison tells them. You wouldn’t know anyone who would do that, do you...Ensign Dance Holydon? Hmmm?”
“Gee, no,” said Dance, “I have no idea what you're talking about.”
“I didn’t think so, my dear.” Tok laughed and took a step back and checked out how Dance looked. “And didn’t I tell you that little bikini outfit would come in handy? You are definitely rocking that look, young lady.”
“Well, when you gave this to me I never said I wouldn’t wear it,” Dance said. “It is cute, and I think it suits me just fine. Oh, and talk about rocking a look; you are too.” 
Tok said, “I think this entire scene -- Stella, us, this kind of life -- is just perfect for you.”
Everybody set up their spaces on the beach. Rory and Lina shared a lounge; they were always into some kind of petting and fondling. The Chief adjusted the force field directly over him to almost the maximum sunblock setting. Tok and Dance put their sun shields on and chose a setting for maximum sun exposure, and they laid their loungers next to each other. Beesa already fell asleep on this towel with his grass hat flopped over his face.
 “Music! We need some music! Wadaya wanna hear, Dance?” Tok asked. “You get this one day of special privileges, and one day only since you’re the newbie here.”
“I think beach music is called for. I have to admit, I’m a sucker for Roga music, maybe with some island hipness mixed in. Maybe some Diamonds or Bod Harley. I like Bod Harley a lot.” 
“Awesome idea, my young shipmate.” Tok pressed a few more buttons and chill beach music with that unmistakable Bod Harley, Roga, island funk sound flowed out of the speakers. 
“Beesa say Bod Harley is perfect. Beesa say “Cool mon,” just like Bod Harley.”
“Ahhhhh, that is righteous,” said Rory. “Perfect vibe for a perfect day. Hand me another brew, would you please, Dance?”
“Sure thing.” Dance was nearest to the cooler, so she got brew distribution duty. She flipped the cover of the cooler open, pulled out a chilled brew, and tossed it over to her bridge mate. “Catch, showoff,” she said.
“Nice throw,” he said. “You look like you’ve been on a few getaways like this before.”
“Yep, I have,” she said. “When we did get some downtime at the Academy, a lot of us headed to the beaches nearby. They kept us on pretty short lines most of the time, so we grabbed whatever chances to relax we could get our hands on. This is a very welcome diversion.” She looked down at her exposed torso, then she examined her arms. “And I need to get my tan back in shape.”
Everyone was under the force field shade, each with their own exposure setting. They all succumbed to the spell of the music, the beach, the warm clear water, the waves, something to drink, Cheeky’s great food, new friends, and a calming, restful mellowness. 
Half joking, Dance asked of no one in particular, “Aren’t we supposed to be doing pirate-y stuff? Aren’t we supposed to be stealing, shooting, whatever? Aren’t we supposed to be looking for some kind of trouble to get into?”
From curled up on Rory, Lina said, “Ah, you’ll learn, Dance. You’ll learn soon enough. We don’t have to go looking for trouble.”
Without lifting his eyes from his book, the Chief finished the thought. “That’s because trouble always finds us.” They all laughed but only a little, not wanting to disturb the calm vibe.
Tok raised her brew up in a salute. “Here’s to trouble!”
Dance joined in the toast “To trouble! Some other day, some other place.”
“Here, here!” said Tok. “You’re getting it. There’s always going to be trouble, so we have to grab onto our moments of peace when and where we can.”   

BLASTER SHOOT-OFF
Tok hopped up off of her lounger and stripped off her sun shields. “Hey, we were supposed to have a blaster shoot-off on this stop. It was your idea, Dance. You up for it or what? Or was that boasting a piece of shlit?” 
Dance lowered her sun shields on her nose and stared at her captain, and her new friend, over the top edge of the frames. She raised her eyebrow and said, “Oh yeah, you better believe it. I’m feeling pretty confident too.” She reached into her tote bag and pulled out her blaster. “And my Marcy is ready also.”
Lina said, “Oooo, it looks like we have a challenger here for our noble captain.” She turned to Rory. “I bet you a hot oil massage Dance wins.”
Rory didn’t think so. “Ha! Do you really think Tok will lose… ever? I’ll take that bet.”
Tok asked Chief, “You got the target generator handy?
“I primed it this morning. All I have to do is go into the ship and get it. What’s the ante going to be?” he asked.
“One-hundred credits,” Tok said.     
“What are you talking about?” Dance asked.
“We have to make this interesting, don’t we?” said Tok. “If you want to play, you have to pay. You have to put up your last 100 credits in the kitty. And because I’m feeling generous, I’ll put in 500 credits. Winner takes all. You said you were broke. At the end of this, you’ll be either 500 credits to the better or even more broke until you get your first prize money.” 
Dance knew she had to put up or shut up. She had talked a good game about her marksmanship; it was time to prove it. Plus, she didn’t want to come off as a fresh-faced, inexperienced, snot-nosed academy graduate anymore. More so, she wanted to show everyone, especially Tok, that she wasn’t intimidated.
“Well, then, let’s make some magic happen,” she said as she climbed out of her lounger and confidently stood face to face with her beautiful, sexually supercharged captain. “If I want to swim with the Razor Toothed Shakros, I have to get in the water.” It was a bold move on her part, but for some reason, she felt empowered to do it. More so, she felt she had to do it. And even more, she felt confident and wanted to do it. 
Their almost naked bodies, covered in small sweat droplets, nearly touched. And if Dance were honest with herself, Tok, with her insane beauty and her allure and temptingness, turned her on immensely. 
They stood so close that they could have kissed. Ensign Hollydon put her hands on her cocked hips and upped the wager. “500 credits? Is that all you’re willing to risk? Make it 5,000 credits and you’re on. I’ll match your 5,000 with my share of my prize money. And everyone is a witness.”
(The rest of the crew watched the two bikini-clad women in utter stupefaction. It was quite the show. Lina whispered into Rory’s ear. “This is so hot. Remind me to rip your clothes off you and frock you until we pass out.” He whispered back, “I was thinking the same thing.” Even Crank and Cheeky watched with rapt attention while they lightly touched each other’s sensors.)
Tok felt the same vibe about Dance as Dance did about her. She took a small step even closer to her shipmate, close enough so that their hypersensitive skin lightly touched from their chests to their stomachs, down their thighs to their knees. They stared deep into each other’s eyes almost as if they challenged each other to see who would give into their arousal first. 
Tok said, “So, the one question we’ve all had is can you really handle a blaster or not?”
Dance let her finger lightly outline the edge of the flimsy fabric of Tok’s swimsuit bottom. Breathlessly, with only a hint of nervousness, she asked, “It will only cost you a 5,000 credit wager to find out.”
“Oh, nono. I’m the only one taking any risk,” Tok said. “You’re putting down only 100 credits. You gotta do better than that.” Tok’s lips were almost pressed against Dance’s mouth, but they both held back those last few millimetters. They stood motionless, wanting more but not able to have it … yet.
“Tempting, isn’t it?” Tok asked in a whisper.
Dance said, “Just like the other night.”
(Rory turned to Lina. “What other night?” he asked. “What did we miss?” She said, “I don’t know, but I’m sorry we did.”)
Tok whispered to Dance, “Here’s the deal; 5,000 credits is a lot of money for me to put on the line. You have to really make it worth my while for me to bite. It’s gotta be strong. It’s gotta be …  hardcore. Are you hardcore enough, Ensign Hollydon?”
“Ah, I thought you might say something like that. Remember when I said I’d decide if and when we’d get it on?”
“Yes.”
”Then how about this; I’ll wager … me,” Dance announced confidently..
“What do you mean?” asked Tok.
“We have some unfinished business from the other evening. Things were left hanging. If you win, you get me -- sober -- for one whole night. I’ll do anything you want, any way you want, anytime you want, however many times you want.”
“Interesting,” said Tok. “Jenketty have a creed that says, “We give of ourselves freely with joy and love.” What you’re talking about is very much in that vein. That’s very Jenketty of you.”
Dance said, “I like that. I’ll remember that. So, now it seems I’m the one putting up the most valuable wager.”
“Indeed you are.”
“But I’m not done yet,” said Dance. “Let’s really ramp up the drama, shall we? In addition, if I win I not only get your 5,000 credits, I also get a one-time pledge from you: a promise, a personal IOU, an oath, a pact between you and I that I can call in from you anytime I want. And whatever it is, you have to do it. Deal?”
Tok said, “Hmmm. You are quite the handful, aren’t you. You’re dangerous. You take risks, but you’re confident in yourself and your, shall I say, talents. I’m impressed.”
“I don’t care if you’re impressed: I care if you are in. Is it a bet or not? Do we have a deal?” pushed Dance.
There was a pause that in fact was only a second or two long but felt like it lasted an hour.
Tok licked her lips and grinned. “Deal!” she said. “I am totally down with this. Dance, I love your spirit, Wow, that’s pure hardcore.” She then went to her lounger and grabbed her blasters. “Outstanding! I swear to the stars, this is going to be so much fun! So much to win, so much to lose.” She pointed at Dance and exclaimed, “You are frocking awesome. Don’t ever change. Hahaha!”
“Beesa say he’ll hold the wager chits for Tok and Dance.”
“That sounds good to me,” said Tok. She and Dance wrote out their own bets and handed them to Beesa.
The Chief set up the target generator. “Have you ever used one of these, Dance?”
“It shoots little plasma balls, and it keeps count of how many consecutive hits you get. We used these at the Academy.” 
“That’s it. You shoot at the green targets,” he said. “And Tok, you shoot the red targets.
“I’m ready,” Tok said, with blasters in hand. “And someone get a holo-image of this: two babes in bikinis with blasters in their hands. Lina, is this a turn-on for you?”
“You bet, Tok,” said Lina. “It’s hot hot hot.”
“How about you, Dance?”
“I think I’m past that stage, Tok.” said Dance. “The only thing I’m thinking about is winning this and taking your 5,000 credits, and to get your personal pledge to me.”
“Talk is cheap,” said Tok. “Let’s see what ya got.”
“Dance? You all set?” the Chief asked.
She pulled her guns up too, primed and set to fire. “Ready, Chief.”
“I’ve set it to shoot up a target every five seconds to start with. Here they come.”
The generator beeped a three-beat warning countdown. It then formed red and green balls of plasma that it shot out over the water at random trajectories. No two targets were ever near each other. It was an exacting and challenging test of marksmanship.
After a few minutes at that pace, the two shooters were tied. Neither had missed a single target.”
Tok said to Dance, “Are you ready to pick up the pace a little?”
“I think so. So far, so good.”
“We’ll see. Speed it up, Chief,” said Tok.
He made the adjustment to the control, and the plasma targets increased in frequency and velocity as they were shot out. Up to that point, Tok and Dance had been firing by instinct and muscle memory from chest height. They both pulled their weapons up higher, more in line with their aiming eyes. Neither blinked. Neither missed. That went on for several more minutes.
Tok tried to distract her opponent. “You know, I’m never refused. I always get what and who I want.”
Dance would have none of it and laid it on heavy. “Even lovers? Maybe I’m not so easy. How about letting me decide if and when that happens.”
Tok laughed a little, even while she was blasting away at plasma targets. “Ooo, there’s a novel idea: me giving up some of my power to you over something I’m especially good at, and so soon.”
Dance said, “Maybe I’m better at it than you think, and I’m certainly not some babe in the woods when it comes to getting what I want, and like you said, who I want. I’m afraid you’ll have to tell me what it feels like for you to submit to someone superior to you … in blasters and sex.”
Tok laughed, “Ooooo, so the girl has some positude, some baditude, some sassitude. I gotta admit, I like the cut of your jib.”
“Thanks, Tok,” said Dance, “and you, my dear, are what we in the Academy call a ‘Badass Cap-A-Tan’, an officer who oozes not only command respectability but major hotness as well.” 
“I like that!” Tok laughed. “A Badass Cap-A-Tan. Hey, everyone, from now on I want you to call me Badass Cap-A-Tan Tok Barmer.”
Dance then said, “And, by the way, that Commander Calen Root is one Badass Cap-A-Tan. I wouldn’t mind doing a slow dance with him. Talk about hot. Wow!”
“Yeah, I guess he is,” said Tok. “You do have good taste in men.”
Rory said to Lina, “Hey, this is a pretty good show. Dance ain’t bad.”
Lina said, “Yeah, but we’ll see what happens when the Chief maxes the target generator.” 
“Beesa say Chief turn to maximum setting.”
The Chief said, “Whatever you say, Beesa. Okay, ladies, here they come at max!”
With the target generator turned up all the way, the targets sprayed every second in every direction out in front of the two shooters. Sometimes two targets at one time flew out over the water. They cut out the chatter and concentrated 100% on their shooting. It was intense, and they couldn’t have been more focused and exact.
Minute after minute, targets flew up, and their blaster bolts made them disappear. The score counter kept advancing as Tok and Dance stood side by side and squeezed off shot after shot. Sometimes their arms crossed and got tangled as they reached for the best shot on their targets, and other times they stood shoulder to shoulder to hit targets that were close together.
Dance decided to take a chance. “Hey, Tok.”
“Yeah?”
“There’s something about me you need to know.”
“What’s that, Dance?”
“My boyfriend at the Academy said I tasted good.”
“What! You mean ….?”
“Yep.”
That unexpected and outrageous wisecrack threw Tok out of her game. She missed two targets in a row. “Damn it!” she said. “Damn it, damn it, damn it!” That was a loss. Her half of the target generator ceased operation, except for one last function. It shot a red plasma ball that spread out to form a large capital L and the word ‘loser’ that hung in the air. 
“That’s cheating, Dance. Total Buffashlit.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Dance scoffed. She continued to fire for another two minutes until the generator sensed she wasn’t going to miss. The contest was over. It shot a last green plasma ball into the air that spelled out the word ‘Winner’ along with a celebratory mini-fireworks display. 
In a final display of confidence and panache, Dance, the contest’s victor, turned to her stunned opponent and friend. She walked around Tok’s waist with her finger tips and jerked their hot bodies tightly against each other. Dance then kissed Tok full on the lips, their tongues twisted around each other’s mouths. It was a deep, hot kiss that staggered Tok where she stood. And when Dance withdrew from their embrace, she smiled and said only, “You owe me one.”
“That I do,” said Tok, half stunned. “I owe you a solid, and I’m a girl of her word.”
 And with her finger tip in Tok’s navel, Dance asked, “And how does it feel to be beaten at your own game, Badass Cap-A-Tan Tok Barmer?”
“Different. Interesting. It’s an unusual feeling. But, I have to say it was very, very fun … especially that last little bit there.”
The rest of the crew was stunned. “Holy stars!” said Rory. “Dance won! Tok never loses.”
Lina was even speechless. “That’s never happened before, ever.”
Dance then collected her credit winnings. She plucked Tok’s 5,000 credit voucher from Beesa’s little hand and stuffed it in the cup of her bikini top for safe keeping. She then walked back to her lounger and lay down. She took a sip of her brew, put her sun shields on, and resumed her sun tanning. “Anytime you want a rematch, just let me know… and bring some credits you don’t mind losing.”
 The Chief stood by the generator and laughed and laughed. “Stars in heaven, I never thought I’d see the day that Tok Barmer, the baddest gunslinger in the Frontier, would actually lose a blaster shoot-off contest. Now I’ve seen everything. Dance, that was incredible.”
“Thanks, Chief, and by the way, I love these blasters. You set them up perfectly.” 
Tok just stared at her young shipmate and smiled. “Well, Dance, I’ll give you this: you certainly know how to be a pirate.”

JENKETTY LORE
The beach party was an all-day affair. Cheeky made sure there was always fresh food on the grill and cold drinks in the cooler. Everyone took turns selecting the music for Stella’s sound system to play. The conversation was light and fun, and everyone enjoyed the chill vibe. 
Dance was loose and cool. Her makeshift bikini was just right for the scene. Her and Tok’s stimulating flirtations and the unambaguous erotic closeness they experienced during the blaster shoot-off turned out to be an eye-opening revelation for the young spacer, just like the entire experience had been so far. She had no idea that when she took the assignment to serve on the Stella Avalon, the sexual sensibilities she held onto would be challenged so powerfully.
Dance stole veiled glances of her mentor in her tiny string ensemble as often as she could. Tok’s swimsuit had barely enough fabric to cover anything and only threads held it all together. She might as well have been naked. There was practically nothing left to Dance’s imagination. 
And that was only part of Dance’s fascination with Tok. Her skin was flawless with a healthy tanned color. Her soft lips, her        piercing green eyes, her effortless, warm smile all drove Dance to the conclusion that her friend, her captain, had to have been the most beautiful woman on all ten planets of the kingdom, the Frontier, and any quadrant of the galaxy. And the more time they spent together, the more Tok became Dance’s role model: confident, intelligent, strong, independent, beautiful. For any young woman, Tok was a natural choice to emulate. 
Tok was obviously an experienced lover of both men and women, and Dance’s curiosity and attraction made her question her own sexual ideas. Maybe they were more fluid, more malleable than she thought. Maybe she wasn’t as straight as she believed. Maybe in that new setting, emotionally pleasing companionship and physical gratification required some ambidexterity. At minimum, after their kiss, she couldn’t help but be even more curious about Tok.
They were the only crew members still reclined outside when the day’s powder blue sky faded into a warm, comfortable evening. They lay back and looked up into space, a star-filled panorama of a million points of light. 
Tok said, “Look at that, the magnificent Ronaash Galaxy, the cradle of Margra and the Crown Commonwealth, the Frontier, the Collective, everything. It glows like a softly lit powder suspended in space.”
Dance said, “It’s so beautiful, so magnificent, so vast.”
“Yeah, it is,” said Tok. “I’ve been around most of the nearby territories -- The Commonwealth, Jor Dor, and a lot of the Frontier -- and I’m always surprised how glorious it all is.”
“How far out in the Deep Distance have you been.”
“Not as much as I would like,” sighed Tok. “It’s out of range for all but the most advanced exploration vessels. But I’d still like to say I’ve been out there and seen some of it. Maybe you and I will go there someday.”
 “I’m all for it, but I’ve never even been to Jenkette,” said Dance. “Other than home on Ayrona, and Margra, of course, I’ve only been to the provinces closest to home: Du Lay and Acaster, to be exact. I’d love to visit Jenkette.”
“You should. It’s a beautiful place. I always miss it when I’m gone,” Tok said. “The main island has the beautiful Orkash Mountains that spring out of the Anchie Plains and the Forests of Rissallo. And on all the outer islands, wherever there aren’t any mountains, it’s green and lush. It’s warm and wonderful, and the people are all sweet, at least the people I know. ”
“Where are you from there?” Dance asked.
“My family has a villa just outside a coastal village on Spirith Island. That’s about five-hundred kinometters from Dorson, the largest city in the Jenkette Islands.”
“A villa? That sounds fancy.”
“Don’t be too impressed. It’s been in the family for generations so it’s kind of old and a bit rundown. I have a caretaker who watches over the place when I’m gone. Most of us Barmers have been smugglers or bounty hunters, adventurers of one kind or another, so we’ve done pretty well for ourselves. There have always been plenty of credits around. But we’ve neglected the villa. 
Dance then asked, “Tok, can we talk about what happened the other night?”
“Sure. What’s on your mind?”
“I’ve never done that before.”
“Be attracted to another woman?”
“Yeah. What did you call what we did?”
Tok said, “If you want to get specific, the verb is ‘juul’. We juuled. You might say we flirted and went a bit overboard, or we had a fling or a dalliance.”
“And if I hadn’t passed out and we went through with what we were going to do?”
“The Jenketty word is ‘cuul’. We would have cuuled.”
Dance said, “So, we juuled but not cuuled. Are we then some kind of couple; are we a “thing”.”
“Ah, I see where you’re going. No, we’re not. This is a big difference between your brand of humanoid relationships and Jenketty relationships. Because our need for orgasm is so critical to our physiology, we can’t restrict our abilities to frock. We can’t allow some artificial social norm to block us from our very real physical needs. Remember our little creed: we give of ourselves freely with joy and love. That’s what that means.”
“Then Jenketty don’t form unjoined, unmarried, committed couples?”
“No, we don’t. It’s unnecessary. One of the main reasons why you would get into a relationship would be to have sex. Jenketty don’t have that kind of requirement. 
Our phrase for this kind of thing is to say we are “daigallan loctor”: loosely translated that’s “without presumed obligation”. Couples may spend more time with each other because they have a higher affinity for each other than for others, but unless you’re legally joined, coupling is very fluid, very flexible, very adaptable.”  
“That makes sense. Then what is with all the mystery about Jenketty and their sex life?” asked Dance.
“It’s not a mystery to us,” said Tok, “but a lot of other people don't know how to wrap their minds around it. Sex, and everything connected with it, is an important part of our culture, our heritage, and our lives. But it’s about more than pleasure, though that's a happy coincidence that something so necessary to us is so much fun. Another way to say it is that as a Jenketty, my sex life is more about life than it is about sex.”
“I don’t understand,” said Dance.
 “Most non-Jenketty don’t,” Tok said, “but it’s actually pretty simple. When all other humanoids have sex and have an orgasm, their minds are awash in all kinds of pleasure-inducing hormones. You do know what I mean, don’t you?”
“Yes, Tok, I’ve had sex before that I’ve enjoyed. And I’ve had a super-orgasm once that made my head spin.”
“I guarantee that you haven’t experienced anything like we do. Anyway, you experience a feeling of euphoria that doesn't happen any other way. It's unique. So do Jenketty; we're no different in that regard. But we have an added aspect to all that. It has to do with two words: Diaprox and Metabisol. They're hormones that only Jenketty produce. Both are produced during orgasm and only during orgasm. 
Diaprox produces sensations above and beyond pleasure. It triggers advanced brain function so that Jenketty can perform many mental activities at higher levels than other humanoids. When humanoids have an orgasm -- you, me, everyone -- our brains actually regenerate new brain cells and neuron receptors, as well as everyday, run-of-the-mill nerve endings throughout our body. But this happens to us, to Jenketty, to a much greater degree and at a greater rate than other humanoids. In effect, our brains get younger. We can, if we apply ourselves, perform at higher cognitive levels than other humans. There's a lot of Jenketty in the arts, math, and sciences. We also have more sharply tuned intuitive and decision-making skills, and it should be no surprise we're less inhibited. We’re less intimidated by circumstances. That's why there are many Jenketty in, shall I call them, more risky trades like smuggling and bounty hunting, like I am. Also, as we age, because of a lifetime of Diaprox creation, the plaque buildup that causes dementia in you just doesn't happen to us. 
Now, like Diaprox, Metabisol is also only produced during orgasm. It is also regenerative but of all muscular structures. We don't physically age like other humanoids. We get old at the same rate and have roughly the same longevity, but our system failure is less gradual and even less apparent. We look younger and function more youthfully longer, but only to a point. On some date in the future that is unknown and unpredictable, but at a time similar to other humanoids, our bodies cease to function. We just die. It's kind of like we just burn out like a light, or a lit fuse that has reached its end. We just stop.”
“Are you saying Jenketty just keel over in their steps?”
“No, not like that. The vast majority of Jenketty die in their sleep,” Tok said. “They just lay down at the end of a day, fall asleep and not wake up again. There have been a few notable cases of this happening at inopportune times. For instance, some years ago, a very popular Jenketty singer named Sita Camakie was performing live on a holo-vision show and, boom, right there for everyone to see. It was startling but not tragic per se. It was like, “Oh, I love watching Sita Camakie. She’s such a wonderful singer and... oops, oh my.”
 “Startling would certainly be the word I would use,” Dance said. 
“Now, there is an even bigger downside to the Diaprox and Metabisol production cycle. There’s another way we can die; it’s the opposite of regeneration. Quite simply, if we don’t stimulate the hormones’ production, we physically and mentally degrade at a much greater rate than you would.”
“Oh! That’s sad.”
“Like I said, our sex life is more about life then it is about sex. All humanoids, Jenketty included, need water and food to live. Jenketty also need healthy doses of Diaprox and Metabisol to live. Without them we die.”
Dance asked, “How often does a Jenketty have to have an orgasm?”
“It’s different for everyone. The more active and robust life one lives, like me, the more often I need to have an orgasm. The more sedentary and unenergetic a person’s life is, the less often they need to color their hair”.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Sorry, Jenketty slang. The less orgasmic we’ve been and the less Diaprox and Metabisol produced, our blue hair fades; it becomes less blue. As we say, “Bluer is better.”
“Really,” said Dance. “So everyone knows how sexually active everyone has been by looking at their hair, huh?”
“Pretty much, yeah.” Tok said.
Dance then asked, “Where do you find partners?”
“Every Jenketty has a small circle of friends and special people who willingly give of themselves. These groups of partners are called an ‘ishtri’.”
Dance asked, “How often do you have to have an orgasm?”
“Me? Everyday, sometimes two or three times. Look at my hair. How does it look to you? How blue is it?”
“You know, it’s funny, I don’t think it’s as blue as it was yesterday.”
“It’s probably not,” said Tok. “Recovering from our little drunken episode slowed me down. Hey, you want to help me?”
“Wait. What? Help you? Help you do what, how?”
“Just watch me.” Tok rolled over on her lounger more and positioned herself face to face with Dance in her own lounger. “This is not the most comfortable place to do this, but it’ll do.”
Dance asked, “Are you sure you want to do this? Seriously, I believe you about the whole blue hair thing.”
Tok said, “I want to show you. Believe it or not, I normally wouldn’t be such an exhibitionist, but I want you to see for yourself. I want to share this with you. Do you trust me?”
“Of course, I trust you. I trust you with my life.”
“Let’s hope we won’t have to put that to the test too often,” said Tok. “Now, look into my eyes, and don’t stop looking into them. Whatever else happens, look into my eyes.” She then reached over the gap between them and took Dance’s hand. “Hang on to me, and look as deep into my eyes as you can.”
“I will. I promise, I will.”
Using only her index finger, Tok touched and traced every inch of herself in beautiful self-stimulation. First, ever so lightly, her face. She touched her eyebrows and the corners of her eyes. And in her eyes Dance saw that there was a sensation there. Tok felt something. From her face, Tok traced the edges of her jawline and her throat and ignited a fire in her body. And all the while Dance stared into Tok’s green eyes.
Tok began to moan when she moved her finger down from her throat to between her breasts. She then traced her mounds, then lightly touched her nipples in small circular motions. All the while her eyes squinted and widened as her excitement increased. “You have beautiful eyes, Dance, just beautiful,” she said. Her reflexes forced her to jerk a deep breath. Her eyes opened wide as if she had been shocked. “Oh my, this is going to be a good one.”
“Am I helping?” asked Dance.
“You’ll see. Now, focus on my eyes. Look as deep into them as  you can. It’s very important that you do that.”
“Got it,” said Dance. “You have beautiful eyes too.”
“I’m glad you think so. Now, focus. Here comes our connection.”
“What? What do you mean our con … nec … tion….” Dance stuttered. “By the stars, what’s happening to me?”
“What do you see, Dance? What’s happening?” 
Dance answered, “I’m hallucinating. My vision spun away like draining water. Everything I see are swirls and shapes. The colors are all pastels and bright.”
“How do you feel?” asked Tok.
“It’s like I’m floating. It’s warm, soothing, refreshing. comforting, but explosive too.
“You’re not afraid?” asked Tok.
“No, not at all. I feel safe and protected and … loved.”
“That’s good, Dance,” said Tok. “What else do you see? Look deeper into the colors and tell me what you see. Reach down into the colors with your soul.” In the middle of it all, the only discernable shape left for Dance to see were Tok’s eyes that floated in the colors. 
Dance smiled. “Your eyes, I see your eyes.”
Tok said, “That’s very good. You’re looking into my carnal being. I am sharing my sexuality with you. Now, I want you to do something that may be difficult, but I want you to let yourself fall into my eyes. I want you to completely abandon your mind, your feelings, and your body. Give them to me. I promise I’ll take good care of you. Do you trust me?”
“Yes, I do. I’ll try.” Dance no longer sensed the world around her but fell under some kind of powerful, wonderful spell, and she felt the same erotic thrill as Tok. Over time, breath for breath, moan for moan, throb for throb, they shared the same orgastic experience as one.
Dance felt Tok in her mind and body. It was reassuring and comforting. It was filled with love. Dance wasn’t scared at all, but wanted the connection to be consummated. 
“Dance, I feel you with me, and I know you feel me with you. I want you to feel everything I feel, every touch, every iota of passion and excitement I’m feeling, and every amount of energy our bodies will produce.”
Dance spoke in the spell too. “What do you want me to do, Tok?”
“Nothing, Dance. We’re together, we’re safe, and we’re going to share something wonderful, something beautiful. Just take it in. Just enjoy it.”
Tok then moved her finger down between her legs. She fondled her essence with light, excited strokes. 
Dance felt it all too as she plunged deep into the most profound parts of her own sexuality. Her own hand slipped over the most sensitive parts of her body: her breasts, stomach, and then, without shame or reservation, between her own legs.
It was almost too much to handle. Then, it happened. She exploded with an orgasmic jolt like she had never felt before. She even believed she heard an explosion. Every part of her rocked and vibrated, and she writhed with an all new sense of pleasure.
But she always saw Tok’s eyes. And in those eyes Dance saw not only the sexual soul of her friend but also her own sexual beingness. It was a singularly perfect, almost miraculous occurrence that culminated in a colossal explosion of light. She experienced an orgasm unlike anything she had ever felt before. The wash of colors she sensed pulsated and phased to and from all different hues and tones.
The blaring light did eventually subside along with her physical sensations, until she settled into a calm, serene, peaceful emotional oblivion.  
A familiar, loving voice broke through to her consciousness. “Dance, I know you can hear me. I know you’re here. Are you okay? Say something to me.” Dance’s eyes slowly opened. She saw Tok's loving smile. 
She swallowed hard before she was able to speak. “Holy frocking shlit. What happened? Tok, tell me what happened.”
“How do you feel, Dance?”
“I think I just had the biggest orgasm I’ve ever had. I know I did! And all I did was look into your eyes while you…. Wow.” 
Tok smiled sweetly at her young friend. “Can I cook, or can’t I?”
Dance asked, “What happened? How did you do that? More important, when can we do it again?”
“You need to rest awhile before you can do that with me again. As to how I did that, I’m a bit of an empath, and part of my empathic abilities is that I can pair your consciousness with mine. You felt what I felt. You experienced what I experienced. And judging from your reaction, you experienced quite a lot, at least more than you’re used to.”
“No kidding!” Dance said. “That was amazing. It was like I was in you.”
“In a way you were,” answered Tok. “More exactly, our sexual selves were joined.”
“It was amazing,” said Dance. “I swear to the stars I’ve never experienced anything so intense. How long did it last?”
“About thirty minutes. Have you ever had a thirty minute orgasm before?” asked Tok.
“Frock no! Wow, just, wow.” Dance then rubbed her eyes and looked more closely at her friend. “Hey, your hair! It’s beautiful. It’s so blue and shiny. It’s utterly beautiful.”
“Like we say in Jenkette, “Bluer is Better.”
“Okay, so I get it. You can use self-pleasure to make sure those hormones are being produced enough,” stated Dance.
“Ah, self-pleasure is useful but not fully regenerative. It's only a bandage. Through centuries of sexual practices, we have become fully accustomed to copulation with partners with penetration as the most effective and pleasurable way to produce Diaprox and Metabisol. In other words, if you thought your orgasm was good, trust me, Jenketty frocking is sooo much better. What you felt was just a taste.”
“Can a non-Jenketty … like, for instance, ME ... learn the techniques?
“Yes, but it's a life-altering experience. It is not recommended. Sex can be addicting for non-Jenketty, just like any drug and just as dangerous. That's why there are few, if any, mixed relationships between Jenketty and outsiders. Because of our training and evolution, Jenketty have great stamina and need every ounce of it. Jenketty sex is often described as super-human. Non-Jenketty partners frequently break down from performance anxiety. Also, mental, emotional, and physical exhaustion are common for non-Jenketty lovers of both male and female Jenketty. Jenketty partners are, by training and tradition, romantic and involved lovers, but delicacy and subtlety are not our most pronounced traits.”
“So, anything goes?” Dance asked. 
“Not really. We’re always up front and open about our preferences and personal performance abilities. We're trained that way. Each person can describe what’s called their own prowess and practices, or ‘PandP’ without embarrassment, shame, or fear,” Tok said. “My prowess is that I am a highly motivated and extra- enthusiastic lover. I don't care about my lover's technique so much, but I do care about their commitment to please. They don't have to be sex technique gods, like instructors, but they do have to have lots of gusto, heart, and drive. As far as my practices go, I have high stamina, so just about anything hard and fast goes. I also have, well, extremely good oral skills, and I prefer being on top or taken from behind standing.”
Try as she might, Dance couldn't come up with anything along those lines. “Wow. My prowess is that I ... um ... I don’t think I have any sex prowess. But my practices are ... damn it ... I don’t know what those would be either.”
“Most non-Jenketty don’t know either. Think about it though. If you knew what you were capable of and liked, and were open about it, and asked for that, wouldn’t your sex life be better? And wouldn’t it be better for your partners if they did that too?”
“Yeah, it would be, a lot. But wait, you mentioned training.”
“I did. Our survival is all about the act of sex and orgasm, for men and women. We learn dozens of techniques all designed to maximize Diaprox and Metabisol production. In other words, we are trained to have great sex no matter if we’re mixed-sex, same-sex, or bi-sex, like me. There's also clubs and parties.”
“You mean orgies?”
“No, ‘orgy’ has a crude connotation to it, even to a Jenketty. But we do have parties in which sex is involved, even encouraged. I like the clubs myself. I belong to a couple of them back home where we get together every so often and experiment with new techniques and practices. We also eat, drink, socialize, dance, and have fun just like at any other party.”
“Seriously, I'd love to try any of that. It all sounds incredible. Can I go through the training myself, or take any of the lessons you learned? Heck, I’d just like to enjoy myself more.”
“The reason most people don’t know anything about Jenkette and what we do is because there are so many misconceptions about what we believe. It is so sweet of you to want to, it really is. And I’m sure you’re sincere, but I’m sorry, you wouldn’t be able to handle it.”
“At least teach me more about Jenkette. I have to know more, please.”
“Well, there’s really only one way, but it’s a big step. It’s called being a Jenkette Devotee, an outsider who abandons their old way of life and fully adopts Jenkette as their life choice. And when I say ‘fully adopt’ I mean all of it, including the sexual aspects of the life of Jenketty.”
“That sounds incredible. I think I know how I want to redeem your IOU. I want to be a Jenkette Devotee; I want to be like you.”
“Whoa, wait a second,” said Tok. “It’s not just something you can just start, like classes at the Academy. There are evaluations and interviews. It takes years. There’s, of course, the sexual practices but the spiritual and cultural too. You even  have to learn our language. And you need to understand that it is for life. Plus, I’ve never been a mentor for a devotee. And it’s not that I doubt your earnestness, but this is a permanent life choice. It’s not a fling; it’s not just juuling and cuuling. It’s not a way to just learn how to have a better sex life.” 
“I know; it’s more about life than it is about sex,” Dance said. “Look, there’s nothing left for me in Varmont and Ayrona - I never fit in there much anyway -- or in the Navy -- talk about someplace I never fit in with much. Taking this assignment here on Stella has already forced me to make changes to my life. And then there’s you; I’ve never ever met anyone like you. You’re the woman I’ve always hoped I would be: strong, sensitive, courageous, independent, intelligent….” 
“Don’t forget beautiful and sexy,” Tok added.
Dance smiled at the joke. “And yes, beautiful and sexy too. I want to be like you. And as far as being a Jenkette Devotee, I’m in. Wherever it leads me, I’m in.”
Tok swept a wave of auburn hair out of Dance’s eyes. “I believe you. We’ll see, Dance. We’ll see.” 

COMPANY
Even after the suns went down on their private piece of Tanganaki, it was still warm and comfortable. Dance and Tok lay on their loungers pleasantly relaxed. The light of a million stars twinkled through the crystal clear heavens overhead.
Half asleep, Dance said, “It’s beautiful out here. Tanganaki was the perfect place to fly to. When I was at the Academy, all I ever wanted to do was fly. Anything, anywhere, I just wanted to fly.” 
“Well, if flying is what you want to do, you picked the right assignment. We try to only go back to Margra when our hold is full, so we’re on the move most of the time, and we make these kinds of stops only every now and then. Heck, we’ve just been at Margra for sixty-plus days. Staying on the ship in a parking orbit for that long is boring. And sitting around on our hands like that for too long can be exhausting, not to mention it takes your edge off. I spent some time at my villa, and the Chief spent some time on planet; he’s from there, I guess. As far as the others go, for Lina, Euneh is a long way away. Rory’s from Retilance, I think. And no one has any idea where Beesa is from, not even him. We’re all running, I guess, and Stella is our home. What was it like growing up for you? Varmont, right?”
“Yep, Varmont, in Ayrona.”
“That’s a tough area. No wonder you’re good with a blaster. I know your folks are gone. What happened?” 
“They were killed in a speeder accident during the summer break before my senior year.”
Tok said, “So, you got yourself through the last year of the Academy all by yourself? That’s heavy lifting.”
Dance said, “It was tough. I guess that’s why I bucked at what the Navy wanted to do with me after I graduated from the Academy. I needed to control something.”
Tok said, “That brings me to something I’ve been thinking about while we’ve been laying here, about all your talk about being a Jenkette Devotee. I’m not sure you understand how much of a commitment you have to make to pull that off, but I’ll help you through it if you make me one promise.”
“Sure, Tok, What is it?”
“You have to promise me you won’t quit the Navy. Maybe it’s to  honor your parents, or maybe it’s because you have more potential than being a privateer. As an empath I can sense things about people, things they may not even know about themselves. I think you’re special, and you becoming a Jenkette Devotee as an officer in the Navy would be important in helping non-Jenketty understand Jenketty more. You’d be a bridge, an important one. Will you promise me that?”
 “You’re very important to me too,” Dance said. “I understand why you’d want me to do that, stay in the Navy, and I will promise you that.” 
Tok reached toward Dance and held her hand. “Good, That’s very good. That means a lot to me. Well, we’re all glad you’re here now. You have Stella. You have your shipmates. You have me.”
“Thanks, That means a lot,” Dance said. “I’ll tell you what though, this is the first chance in a long time I could just relax.” Dance laid back in her lounger and searched the star-filled sky and marveled at the grand interstellar pageant. 
That was until she keyed in on a slow-moving spot of light that ran parallel to the beach but very high up, probably in low-planet orbit. “Hey, Tok, what’s that?” She pointed to the spot. "It wouldn't be a satellite. Tanganaki is way off the beaten space paths. It’s barely on the charts."
Tok squinted her eyes at the object. “I’m not sure. Probably an asteroid, a small moon of some kind, that passed just a hair too close to Tanganaki and got caught in its gravity, forever in tow through space like a pet Striped Bongo on its leash.”
“You have quite the imagination there, Tok.”
“You should see it from inside my head. It’s immensely entertaining.”
“But, I think it’s slowing down,” said Dance. “Asteroids don’t do that.”
Tok got up out of her lounge. She stared at the spot more intensely. She then ran into Stella, fetched a monocular, and ran back out to where Dance was. She focused the monocular on the object but still couldn’t make out any detail on it. 
“It’s definitely slowing down,” she said. “It’s getting slower by the second.” And then the object stopped. “And they certainly don’t ever do that.”
Tok had an idea what it was, but she needed one more observation to confirm her suspicion. She adjusted the monocular to analyze the dimension of the object. “That’s what I was afraid of,” she said. “It’s getting bigger. That means only one thing.”
“What’s that?” Dance asked. 
Tok said, “Think about it. There’s only one perspective, one point of view when an object you’re looking at gets bigger with no lateral movement, and that’s….”
“It’s coming at us! It’s not an asteroid, it’s a spaceship!” Dance said.
“Ding, ding, ding, the new girl gets the prize. They’re probably pirates and detected some kind of energy signature we’re creating. Hurry! Get back on Stella!”
They ran up the ramp and Tok smacked an alarm button near the door control panel. A siren screeched and woke everyone up. “Get up everyone! Get dressed. Gear up! We’ve got company, and they’re coming at us fast!”
The Chief was half asleep. “Wha? What is it, Tok?”
“Some kind of vessel is de-orbiting and coming right for us. I have no idea who they are or what they want, but I’m not particularly keen on finding out.” She barked orders. “Crank, are you done with that tuning yet?”
“I need sixty more minutes, and even then I can only deliver about 75% power.”
“Damn. Stay on it. Make it 87% and you get a cookie. Cheeky, get all the outside stuff picked up and stored.”
“Right, Tok.”
“Chief, get in the top cannon turret. I want an ID on that ship, and take a couple of shots at it if it’s not friendly, and out here it won’t be. Rory, help Crank however you can. As soon as Stella is even remotely ready to fly, get her cranked up and warm up the super-turbines. If we need to skedaddle, we will.”
“Right, boss.”
“And Dance, go put on the silver suit. That’s your best armor for this kind of fighting. And Lina, get your blades out, girl. I think I just may have to let you loose.”
Lina had the look of orgasmic ecstasy on her face. “Oh, yeah! It’s been way too long. I need it bad.” 
After Lina left to get her gear, Dance asked Tok, “What was that about?”
Tok said, “She gets off on fighting. To each their own.”
“Beesa ask what does Tok want Beesa to do?”
“Tok say Beesa gets to do something really fun. Tok say Beesa gets to run as fast as he wants.”
“Beeasa happy! YeeeeHeeee!”
After Tok changed out of her bikini and into her black spacesuit, she ducked out onto the beach and spied back up towards the incoming intruder. Dance, Lina, and Beesa joined her. “They’re moving very slowly. That means they don’t have re-entry shielding. And that means that craft is not made for maneuvering in the atmosphere. That’s a break for us.”
Lina asked, “Do you think they’re going to dust us?”
“Probably,” said Tok. “That’s what I would do.”
“What do you mean, Lina? What’s ‘dust’ mean?” asked Dance.
“It means they’re going to shoot up all the ground around the ship. Dirt, sand, debris, and other shlit will be sprayed into any of the exposed parts of our propulsion units. We won’t be able to take off. They’ll then come at us on foot, kill us, clean Stella off, and take her at their convenience.”
“I didn’t like the “kill us” part of that,” said Dance.
“No one does.”
“Let’s get back on board, girls,” said Tok. “It’s going to get dirty around here in a moment.”
Tok pressed the control to close the egress ramp once they were back inside. She yelled, “Chief, do you have them in your sights yet?”
“Roger that, Tok. Man, that’s a pretty big ship. She’s slow and moves like a lump of lead.”
The mystery ship let out a blast from a forward gun. It exploded on the ground in a huge plume of sand and dirt just aft of the engines. Just like Tok figured, that sprayed a ton of sand into the engine assembly.
“Crank! What’s happening with you? What was with that blast?”
“Just a bunch of shlit. So far no big deal.”
Tok grabbed Rory and dragged him up into the dorsal cannon turret with the Chief. “You know Collective ships, don’t you?” she asked.
“As good as anyone, I guess,” he said. “Let’s get a good look at her when she buzzes us.”
Tok said, “And that’s going to happen….” The spaceship blasted several more shots onto the ground around Stella and flashed by them. “Now!” Tok, Rory, and the Chief strained to see the ship through the smoke and churned up dust in the air. 
Rory said, “It’s definitely a Collective ship. That’s an old JD-PS assault ship. It’s not made to fly in an atmosphere. She’s straining to pull up.”
“That makes her the perfect target,” said the Chief. “C’mon, baby, make one more pass at us.”
“Take it down, Chief," said Tok, “and we’ll go out and clean up the mess while you two and Crank get Stella shipshape again.”
The three of them watched the straining, lumbering ship fire all of its thrusters to make a sweeping banked turn to their south. Tok said, “They’re going to approach us from the ocean for a clear shot: no trees or rock escarpments. She’s too big to land anywhere near us though. She’ll have to go inland more for that. Here it comes!”
The Jor Dor ship came in at them again. It blasted its guns, and the blasts exploded on the ground around Stella. That churned up more junk and sand and dirt into her.
The ship then zoomed past them, and Tok barked an order. “Now, Chief, now! Take your shots. She's flashing her ass at us!”
The Chief pulled the trigger a half a dozen times, each a direct hit in the enemy ship’s sensitive propulsion system. Four quick and violent explosions rocked the vessel and it pitched upward in a desperate attempt to pull back up into space. But the damage was too much. The mass of the old ship was too great for the damaged engines. The ship stalled and fell flat-bottomed to the ground with a thunderous thud ten kinometters away. Smoke and fire towered from the site.
Tok slapped the Chief on the shoulder. “Nice shooting, Chief,” she said. 
Rory said, “It didn’t have any markings of any kind, but it was definitely an old JD-PS. It was probably decommissioned and given over to a privateer. But it’s an old bucket of bolts.”
The Chief said. “That’s why it couldn’t maneuver well down here at low altitude. It’s not made for this kind of thing. They’re big, heavy, slow, and can’t maneuver worth a hoot, even under the best of conditions.” They climbed down out of the turret back into Stella with the others.
Tok summed up the situation. “Okay, here’s what we got. We have some Collective pirates on the ground 10k away from us to our south. Their ship is all smashed up which is real trouble for us.”
Dance asked, “But if their ship is smashed up, isn’t that a good thing?”
“Only if they’re all dead,” said Tok. “If there are any survivors, killing us and capturing Stella is now their only chance of getting home themselves. They need Stella to get off the planet and back to wherever their home base is. The fight just got tougher.” She continued, “And that being a JD-PS isn’t a good thing either.”
“Why not?” asked Dance.
“The ship itself isn’t all that important. It’s an old Collective armed transport. We say that JD-PS stands for Jor Dor Piece of Shlit. But its main job when it was commissioned in their navy was as a small troop transport and attack ship. What’s its complement, Rory?”
“A flight crew of seven, and it has room for thirty troopers.”
“And each and every one of them has a gun and knows how to use it,” Tok said. 
She turned to Beesa. “Tok say this is where Beesa comes in. Tok say to Beesa, run as fast as you can and spy on them. Tok say she needs to know how many of them are still alive and what they are doing.”
“Beesa say he’ll do it. Beesa be back soon with what Tok wants.” 
The Chief opened the egress ramp and Beesa virtually disappeared from right in front of their eyes. Everyone stood calmly and waited. They all knew what Beesa was capable of.
But Dance didn’t. “Aren’t we going to do something? Their crash site is only ten kinometters away.”
Tok looked at her chronometer. “He should be back any second now. Rory, Chief, you need to help Crank get Stella ready to get out of here.”
“Got it, Tok,” said Rory. “We’ll get her cleaned up.”
Only a few seconds passed until a haze of muted color stopped right in front of them. And there stood Beesa.
“Beesa been to crash site. Beesa been in pirate ship. Beesa has news for Tok, Dance, and Lina.”
“Tok say, “And?””
Dance asked, “Wait a moment. He’s already been to the crash site and back?”
“Yep, he’s a fast little critter,” said Lina. “And when he says he’s been in the ship, he means he’s physically been in the ship. He moves so fast he’s almost invisible.”
“Beesa see the flight deck and nose of ship crushed and burned. Beesa see flight crew dead. Beesa been in ship and see many dead goons. Beesa see there are fifteen goons left. Beesa see minor injuries. Beesa see they muster to march to Stella. Beesa see they have blasters and hand-to-hand weapons only. Beesa not see any other heavy weapons. Beesa see they move toward Stella in three groups.” He pointed in a direction to the left. “Beesa see one group with five goons move toward Stella from that direction.” He pointed far to the right, almost along the beach. “Beesa see second group with five goons move toward Stella from that direction.” He then pointed directly toward the crash site. “Beesa see main group with four goons and their commander move to Stella from that direction.”
Tok said, “Okay, fifteen of them, three of us, five each. Five to one odds are pretty good. It should be fun. Lina, you take the group coming at us from the left. Dance, you and Beesa take the group to the right along the beach. I’ll take the main group down the middle.” She turned toward Dance. “Are you okay? Remember Rule #1. You can’t even think twice for a nano-second.”
“I know. I’ll be okay,” said Dance.
“Besides, you have Beesa with you. He can handle himself quite well, believe me.” Tok then turned to Beesa. She winked at him and ordered, “Tok say Beesa protect Dance.”
“Beesa say Dance is his best friend. Beesa will protect Dance.” 
“Dance ask Beesa if he has a blaster?” Dance asked.
Beesa pulled a tiny seven centimetter long knife from his belt. “Beesa have knife.”
“Dance say that not much of a knife.”
“Beesa say he doesn’t need anything else. Beesa will show Dance.”
Tok then looked Dance square in her eyes. “Now, Collective privateers and soldiers are notoriously straight ahead fighters. They think they’re immortal, or something like that, and will just push forward without being crafty or sneaky. They’ll seek cover, but their large size, and they are big, make them a fairly easy target. But don’t sell them short. They’re strong and deadly. They have really big guns too. I mean really big. Take cover a lot. Shoot, kill, and move. Try to get them to spread out, thin the herd, and knock them off. And one of their giveaways is that they stink like shlit. You’ll smell them before you see them. Got it?”
“Got it, Tok. I’ll be careful.”
“Good hunting, Dance,” said Lina. “Remember Rule #1.”
“Kill or be killed. Got it.” Dance said. “Beesa with me. Dance say let’s go.”
“Beesa ready for the hunt. Beesa ready to kill Collective goons.”
And the three huntresses headed into the jungle, with its dense growth and rocky escarpments, toward their prey.

COMBAT
Lina’s route to her opponents was the most challenging of the three, but she drove straight into the almost impenetrable bush with a gleeful expectation of victory. Uhneh warriors, especially the women, were fierce and determined fighters. 
The planet of Uhneh was loyal to the Crown Commonwealth of Margra. But they were exotic looking creatures and often faced ridicule from stupider more “normal” looking subjects.  So they maintained a degree of independence that the other nine planets of the Crown didn't. For instance, they didn’t serve in the Crown's military branches. They had their own militias. But no one doubted their courage and tenacity in battle, albeit unconventional. They were guerrilla fighters and preferred the exact conditions that Lina was in. 
In each hand she gripped the only weapons she needed: two fifty centimetter long tomahawks. They had leather-covered contour handles with shining, chrome steel blades that sliced enemies to shreds. And each ax had a long, super-sharp back spike that easily reached deep into the body of any stupid Collective goon who fought her.
Lina was intensely focused on her mission to kill the goons quickly, quietly, and efficiently, of course, but she had another motivation. There was a sexual component that she enjoyed. The deadly jeopardy of combat stimulated every atom of her being. It was an orgasmic experience that she craved. That was how she and Rory met. They were shipmates on another smuggler’s ship and fought side by side during a small but desperate engagement against Collective invaders. Dozens of combatants entered the fight, but only Rory and she survived. 
Sexually turned on by the experience, they then attacked each other and dispelled the remaining pent up energy the fighting produced. Right in the middle of the battlefield, surrounded by lifeless corpses, they crashed into each other’s arms and mated for life.
Crack, crack, crack. The sound of plant stems that broke under the weight of heavy footsteps got her attention. She focused her senses in the direction they came from. “Two - no, three of them forty metters that way,” she whispered to herself. She slunk down under the cover of a cluster of large-leafed plants and waited.
Crack, crack, crack. The sounds of brush that snapped underfoot got closer. “Still only three,” she thought. Crack, crack, crack. “The front two are close to each other, and the third has fallen back twenty metters.”
The cracking got closer and closer until they were right next to her. She saw them through the branches. Her mind calculated the situation. “Hand blasters, no armor, exposed, dead. NOW!” 
She jumped out of the brush directly between her first two victims. She whirled like a cyclone and chopped at their throats so they couldn’t yell and warn the third goon who approached from the rear. She also sliced their chests and guts, and they convulsed in agony and died without pity from their killer. They were her enemies, and dangerous ones at that. She killed them as coldly and ruthlessly as they would have killed her. They deserved it. Their lifeless bodies lay on the mossy floor of the jungle. She admired her work for only a split second, then jumped back into her cover. 
The third goon came around a tree and stepped on the nearly decapitated head of one of his comrades. He crushed it under his weight. His first instinct was to shake his foot to get the gooey, bloody mess off of his boot. But he then realized the danger of the situation. He ignored his boot and pivoted around frantically to try to see anything of the person or persons who killed the first two Jor Dor goons. And then, with the suddenness of lightning, he felt the terrible shocking pain of the spikes of both of Lina’s hatchets buried deep in the flesh of his back. He thrashed around and tried to reach for the wounds in a desperate attempt to maybe, somehow, save himself. But it was all over. He was going to die and couldn’t do anything about it.
As his life force drained away, he weakened and fell to his knees closer to the ground where his doom waited for him. He then heard a voice, a woman’s voice. It was a voice that calmly and compassionately said, “Shhh, my friend. Shh. Let me help you. Lay down and rest.” She laid him down on the ground, removed her spikes, and turned him over onto his back. She straddled him and sweetly smiled at him. “Don’t struggle. It will only make it hurt more. You’re going to die now, but you have done your duty. Shh. Let it go. Let it all go.” The goon did calm down at Lina’s urging. “It’s okay. It’s time. Don’t fight it any longer,” she said. “Go ahead. You’re safe now. You can die in peace.” And with that last gentle urging, the goon exhaled one last time and slipped into eternity. 
Without any signs of remorse or even concern, in more of a matter of fact way, Lina grabbed the hair of the goon and stretched his head back. That exposed his throat without any part of his clothing or armor in the way. With surgical precision, with one slice of her super-sharp blades, she decapitated the fool quickly and silently.
She held his lifeless head up and pretended he said something, but she didn’t hear him clearly. She asked, “What? What’s that you said?”
In a perverse mockery of her victim whom moments earlier she seemed to treat so compassionately, she moved his mouth with her fingers as if he spoke to her. “I said you look sexy when you’re killing Collective goons like me,” she pretended he said in a cartoony falsetto voice.
Lina played coy. “Oh, stop already. That’s so sweet of you. Killing you and your buddies here was so much fun. And I have to admit, I enjoyed it thoroughly.”
“Yes, I could tell. You got off on it, didn’t you?” he said.
“Well, truth be told, yes, I did. It got me all kinds of hot.” She rocked back and forth on the soldier’s lifeless body, stroked and touched herself, and drove herself to ecstasy. “Oh, you rascal you, I bet you had that effect on all the girls,” she said.
“No, I saved it just for you, Lina.”
“Ooo, that’s very sexy for you to say that.” She continued her creepy dialog. “Well, I do want to tell you that you died honorably. Senselessly, but honorably. You were also a very good partner. So manly and strong. And you let me do all the work, exactly how I like it. Too bad you’re dead now.”
“Yes, it’s a buzzkill,” the corpse said. 
Tired of her ventriloquism act, Lina tossed the goon's head carelessly to the side and stood up. She then dropped a homing beacon on the ground next to the body. “Anyway, thanks for the fun, dumbass. We’ll come back for your shlit later. I gotta go kill more of your friends. I hope you don’t mind. Oh, sorry, I forgot; you’re dead; you don’t care.”
Once again attuned to her surroundings, the Uhneh warrior listened to the jungle around her. She soon picked up the sounds and smells of two more goons on the prowl themselves. She whispered to herself, “Oh, goody. More of them means more fun for me.” And she happily bounced off through the trees in search of more quarry.
The two last goons on Lina’s side of the field of battle made the unfortunate mistake of not watching their own or each other's backs. They stood side by side in the bush with their eyes as wide open as casino Kikket chips. They desperately searched for signs of an attacker. They knew there was one out there, but had no idea where.
Lina silently crept up behind them until she could reach out and touch them. With both hands, she tapped them on their shoulders. “Hey, guys, looking for me?”
The two soldiers were caught totally off guard by her shocking brazenness. They both spun around. But before either of them could raise their weapon, she raised both of her blades and slashed them from outside-in through their throats. Both of their heads fell down to the ground before their body’s dead mass collapsed in a pile. “Well, that was three back there. Then these two here. That makes five. Damn it, no more targets to kill. Maybe Tok has a couple she’ll let me do my thang with.” She casually dropped a homing beacon next to the pile and cheerfully moved on to where she thought Tok’s position might be.

 Tok’s battle strategy was more forthright. Supremely confident in her skills as a marksman and guerilla fighter, her tactics were simple. Detect them, track them, duck behind some convenient cover or throw up a portable cover field, and overwhelm them with firepower. She killed them using every advantage she could come up with, then moved on to the next target.
She hiked along a rough and barely discernible path for over an hour before she detected that any of the Collective goons were near her. Just like she instructed Dance, she smelled them before she saw or heard them. “Ah, finally, something,” she said as she zeroed in on a stench that emanated from her right. “Ten degrees that-away. Okay, here we go.”
She cautiously hugged the brush and rocky outcroppings as she advanced toward her objectives. Then just like Lena, she heard fallen branches break under the weight of the goons’ footsteps. From behind a rock she listened and measured and calculated their pace until she knew they were in range, all of them.
Tok sprung to her feet, still mostly behind the rock. She opened fire on all five of the soldiers at once. Two of them were hit immediately and died before they hit the ground. A third got a shot away at her but missed terribly. He was next to go down. That left two.
Tok walked out from behind the rock with her blasters hot from being fired so fast and so quickly. The fourth goon got a shot off that nicked her hair. That only made her mad. “You bastard! That’s my hair! Oh, you’re going to pay for that.” She stalked him and fired shot after shot in a barrage until she had him cornered in a stone alcove. He was trapped, but he stood up to her bravely, albeit pointlessly. Tok switched her blasters to repeat automatically, held her guns at her sides, and pulled the triggers. She shot the goon non-stop until his own hair burned and smoked on his head. “There! Serves you right for mussing a girl’s hair like that. Now, where’s that last one?”
He was gone. “Chugzed! That was no calculated retreat. He ran like a scared scad, the coward.”
She pulled out her communicator. “Rory, this is Tok.”
“Yes, boss. How you making out?” he asked.
“I got four of my five. The last one turned tail and ran away, and I think he was their commander. He had on different clothes than the others. It was more like a uniform.” She dropped homing beacons near the bodies as she spoke. “Have you heard from the others yet?”
“Lina got five. She’s moving in your direction to look for you.”
“What about Dance? Have you heard from Dance yet?” she asked.
“Nope. Nothing from her yet. The dead-body tracking beacons she’s carrying are active though. She’s on the move, but I don’t know what her status is.”
“Okay, I’m heading her way. Tell Lina to do the same. Give her my coordinates from my tracking beacons. Direct me to Dance in as short a line as you can. It’s pretty rocky between me and her.”

Dance’s first kill was easy and the perfect introduction to Rule #1. Deep in the brush along with Beesa, she spotted the goon first as he stood on a rock to get his bearings on his surroundings. He was at least one-hundred metters away. She couldn’t make out any of his features, but she told herself that wasn’t important. What was important was that she aimed her blaster, pulled the trigger, and a bolt hit him in the chest. He fell down the rocks like a bag of gravel. His final resting place was on the sharp shard of a vertical outcrop that almost tore him in two. But the deed was done. She did what she was supposed to do and needed only one shot to do it. And considering the distance of the take down, Dance allowed herself a small moment of self congratulation.
It took a while for her second potential adversary to appear. But just like Tok said, his smell betrayed his position. He was in a clearing fifty metters dead ahead and, for some unknown reason, stood almost motionless. He was an easy target. 
“Beesa say he wants to fight.”
“Dance ask, you do?”
He took his tiny knife out and held it up to her proudly. “Beesa say to Dance, watch me.” 
Dance was amazed. Beesa jetted off toward the goon in less than a second, and in a cloud of grey, he swirled around his target. Dance then figured out what his battle method was. He used his little knife to make dozens and dozens, maybe hundreds, of puncture wounds over every inch of the soldier’s body. And each wound bled uncontrollably until the target bled out completely. She thought it must have been incredibly painful. The goon’s body then fell in a lump, void of blood and without any kind of tissue structure to hold it up, like a clop of mashed cream solsatoes. And just as she was foretold, she heard Beesa laugh the entire time.
Beesa stopped by the soldier’s body and waved happily and proudly back to Dance. That was when Dance saw the remaining goons. One of them aimed at Beesa and fired. Beesa saw him too but the blaster bolt was faster than he could jet away. A glancing blow hit Beesa in the back down by his waist, and he fell to the ground and screamed as loud as anything Dance had ever heard. 
“NO!” she yelled, and she jumped out into the clearing. The soldiers stood together, shoulder to shoulder. Dance faced them alone. She operated purely on reflexes and instinct. Her blasters drawn, she opened fire. So did they. No more than twenty metters apart, they had what amounted to an old fashioned shootout gun fight. 
Dance’s marksmanship made sure the shots found their targets quickly and efficiently. She aimed right at the head of the first thug and splattered his brains on a rock behind him. The second was cut in two by the rapid-fire blasts of her Rad SB-67R. It was then she felt a horrific, pulsating sting from her left leg. That was the initial pain of a blast that hit her midway up her leg from her knee, on the meat of her thigh. But Tok’s silver suit did its job, and she felt the brunt of the blast’s energy be absorbed and dispersed. That shot came from the third thug, the one that shot Beesa. She was hurt and she fell to her knees, but that didn’t stop her. She fired back and hit the third goon in his left knee, and he didn’t have any kind of armor like she did. She saw his knee explode as she got off another shot that hit him in his left shoulder. He was wounded severely, but he still had enough strength to retreat back into the jungle, even with only one good leg. 
Dance regained her footing and hoped the firefight was over. She stumbled to Beesa’s side and frantically tried to help him any way she could. “Dance ask Beesa where is he hurt?”
Beesa wailed from his pain as he reached down to his legs. “Beesa can’t feel legs. Beesa can’t run. Beesa hurt. Beesa scared.”
“Dance get Beesa back to Stella. Dance say Cheeky can help Beesa.”
“Beesa ask how? Beesa say Stella far away.”
“Dance will carry Beesa.”
Dance gently picked up the fragile Beesa and helped him onto her back. Beesa wrapped his arms around her shoulders, and she reached back and cradled his torso in her arms. She then limped toward the beach as fast as she could with her own injury. Her left leg was only good enough to hold her body upright enough to get her good right leg in front of her for the next step. She then dragged her left leg back to the front and the whole stride started over again.  
It all reminded her of when she ran cross country back at the Academy. “Dance say to Beesa that Dance likes running like this. Dance will have Beesa back to Stella soon.” But Beesa was silent. She was desperate to get her little friend back to Stella, back to safety, back to where help was. She pushed herself over the rocks and through the brush. But she was ever conscious that there was at least one Collective soldier still out there and possibly still after her. And him being injured made him more dangerous.
Dance figured they had covered four kinometters with another one or two left to go. It was hard, very hard, and she stumbled and fell several times. “Dance say we’ve only got a couple of kinometters to go. Dance say we’re going to make it. Dance say she’ll get Beesa back to safety soon. Dance say she’ll never give up. Dance say she’ll never stop.”
But soon, the strain of her effort caught up with her. Having climbed over one steep escarpment too many, exhaustion consumed her, and she tripped over a jutting crag of rocks and fell face first onto the dirt. Little Beesa’s body fell off her back into a heap next to her, but he didn’t scream or cry or verbalize in any way. He was silent, deathly silent.
Dance’s mind jetted to all kinds of imaginations: of how tired she was, how she thought she let poor little Beesa down, and particularly how she hated herself for failing. And it was that disgust in her own failure that pushed her on. That was what drove her to steel herself once more for one final push to get Beesa back to Stella. She forced herself beyond her own strength to get back up on her feet and pick Beesa back up in her arms. Dirty, hot, and hurt herself, she pushed on one limp step at a time. 
Her route took her through a thick grove of wide, full, lush palm bushes. It was good cover, and she decided that was the perfect place for her to rest for just a few minutes. Tired, hungry, and thirsty, with Beesa’s body in her lap, Dance tried to focus on her surroundings as best she could. At first, all she heard was the sound of a light breeze rustling through the bush. Then, in the distance somewhere to the right of her route, she heard rustling. She heard the rhythmic sound of branches breaking under the weight of someone’s footsteps. She took her Marcy blaster off her belt and held it up ready to fire. Through a fog of pain, she tried to focus all her senses as one in the direction of the footsteps. 
As the sound of the breaking branches got closer, Dance crouched her body down under the cover of the plants around her. She readied herself to explode out of the brush for one last defense of her and Beesa, blasters ablaze and hailing bolts of death on her pursuers. She had decided it was her last stand. That was where she would either be the victor or the vanquished. The stakes were unparalleled with anything else she had ever experienced in her young life. She was either going to kill or be killed.  
Her heart throbbed like a drum, and her pulse raced as the sounds got closer to her hiding place. The moment for her to pounce approached. She took one last, deep breath and every muscle of her body tensed. The time had come! Then, just as she was ready to stand and blast herself and Beesa into hell if that was what was to happen, she caught the slightest glimpse of something familiar, something friendly: a mane of blue hair.
With a desperate surge of hope, she yelled, “Tok!” and lunged out of her hiding place into her friend’s arms. 
“DANCE! My stars, we’ve been looking for you,” Tok said as she held her friend in her arms and gently laid her on the ground. As she brushed Dance’s hair from her eyes, she said “You’re hurt.”
“Never mind me. Beesa is in the brush. He’s hurt worse than me. He took a shot in the back, and he said he couldn’t move his legs. But he hasn’t said anything in awhile. I don’t know what’s going on with him.”
Lina found his body. “He’s still got a heartbeat, and he’s breathing, but not much. We have to get him back to Stella stat.”
Tok said, “The coast is clear back to Stella. Can you run with him, Lina? Take him to the ship. I’ll help Dance get back.”
“Got it, Tok.” Lina picked up Beesa and turned in the direction of Stella. But right before she left with him, she gently held Dance’s hand and said, “You did good, Dance. You did real good. I’ll get him back home, I promise.” And with her fresh legs, she bounded off through the jungle toward Stella with her precious cargo in hand.
Tok lifted Dance up and put her arm around her. “No rest for the wicked, girl. We gotta keep going.”
Dance reached around Tok and held onto her fiercely. “How far did I get?” Dance asked. “It feels like a million kinometters.”
“Rory was able to track the dead body beacons you’re carrying. He said you traveled somewhere around 4k, and then he lost track.”
“I ditched my bag. They were an extra weight I didn’t need.”
“That threw us off or we would have found you sooner. And with you carrying Beesa like that...that’s impressive, young lady. We have one more kinometter to go to get back to the ship.”
“Did we get all the Collective thugs? Beesa and I engaged all five we thought came our way.
“Well, you earned your paycheck today. We think there’s one more out there: the commander. But we don’t know where he is. I’ll hold you up, but you need to have your gun in your hand, ready if we need it.”
“Tok, I’m sorry about Beesa.”
“It’s not your fault. It’s no one’s fault. That’s how this works sometimes.”
“I tried my best, I really did. I did what I could.”
“I know you did. We all know. I’m proud of you, Dance.”
 Dance hung onto Tok for the last kinometter back to Stella. Tok asked, “How are you holding up?”
“It hurts really bad. I’ve never been hurt like this. It feels like I’ve been stung by a million insects, or I’ve been spanked there a million times.”
“Yeah, that’s exactly how it feels. I’ve been hit before too. That’s why I told you to wear that suit. You still feel the percussion of the bolts, and they can do damage and hurt a lot too, but it absorbs and dissipates the deadly energy of a blaster shot pretty well. You’ll be assigned to your bunk for the next week or so. You’ll be fine, but it takes a lot of time to wear off.”
“But what about Beesa?” asked Dance.
“He doesn't wear a suit like yours or mine. I offered to have a little Beesa-sized one made for him, but he always says his running will protect him. How did he get hit?”
“I killed the first thug, then he killed the second goon and was waving back to me. I guess he wanted me to see how well he did,” Dance said. “Another goon took a cheap shot at him. I then got into a firefight with three of them. I killed two of them and injured the third, the one who shot Beesa. He looked bad as he staggered away out of the hot zone. I got him in his knee and somewhere on his arm. He probably didn’t last long.”
“I told you five to one odds were good.”
“I’m worried about Beesa,” said Dance. "If he doesn't make it...."
“If anyone can fix him, Cheeky can,” said Tok. “She’s the best med-droid I’ve ever seen.” They broke through the edge of the jungle onto the beach, their own beach. “And look what we have here: Stella.”

Later, in the evening, after she took a shower and changed into her civvies, with it’s waistcoat, button-up shirt, pants, and boots -- her  plain clothing -- Dance limped into the sickbay. Except for the lights and beeps of the medical equipment, it was dim and mute. Little Beesa lay on a bed quiet and still.
Cheeky detected the young spacer’s presence, approached her, and stood next to Dance at Beesa’s bedside. “As far as I can tell, he’s not in any pain,” the med droid said. “But he can’t move his legs, or at least he hasn’t tried since he hasn’t regained consciousness yet.” 
Dance asked, “What do you think his chances of recovery are?”
“I don’t know, sweetie,” Cheeky said. “I know so little about his physiology. His nervous system is like nothing in the medical records, and even his anatomy doesn’t make sense. He has such small muscles, it’s amazing he can even stand and walk, let alone run like he does.”
“What are you doing for him?”
“I’m going to start a complete general med-mist program tonight: eight hours at a time every other eight hours. I’ll do that for forty-eight hours. I hope to see some kind of improvement in the morning, but certainly in a few days.”
“Thanks, Cheeky,” Dance said. “I know you’re doing the right thing for him. May I stay with him for a little while?”
“Certainly you can. But you’ve been hit too. Your suit saved you, but you need rest. I’m sure you have some bruises and cuts. Take off your jacket and let me take a look at you.”
“How long will the stinging last?” Dance asked as he sat down to be examined.
“About a week,” said Cheeky. The droid then opened Dance’s shirt enough to see a wound on her left shoulder. “Oh, my. See what I mean? This is a deep one. Let me dress this up and give it a good smathering of tractecan. That will make sure there’s no scar.”
“No, Cheeky, please. Don’t put any tractecan on it. I want to keep the scar. I want to remember today.”
“A bit of a souvenir?”
“Something like that, I guess,” said Dance. “Just dress it and let nature take its course.”
The droid answered, “Very well. I think if Tok were here, she would say you were one tough spacer. You took quite a large blaster hit, carried an injured shipmate to safety, and you aren’t even blinking when I poke around on your own injuries. And one more thing: please, don’t blame yourself for what happened to Beesa. I can tell you do, but these kinds of things are an unfortunate aspect of this business. People do get hurt, or worse, they get killed. But rest assured I’ll do my best for Beesa.”
When Dance’s treatment was complete, she  pulled a chair up next to the bed, sat down, and held Beesa’s little hand. Fatigue and weariness quickly overtook her, and in just a moment, she fell asleep herself.

Late that night, before she turned in herself, Tok made the rounds of the ship one last time to make sure everything was secure. Crank and Cheeky were in their recharging units. Beesa was asleep too, but he did not appear to be uncomfortable. In the bunk room, Lina and Rory were both asleep in their own bunks, a sure sign that Lina had a difficult day too. They would otherwise be crammed together into a single bunk. But Dance’s bunk was empty.
Tok found the Chief on watch, seated against a large actuator cylinder on the egress ramp. “Hi, Chief. All quiet?”
“Yep, all quiet,” he said. “Not a thing to worry about. It’s just me and the bugs out here. And you can take my word for it, there are a lot of bugs.”
Tok tried to laugh, but she was too tired. “Have you seen Dance? Her bunk is empty.”
He pointed up the beach to a point just far enough away that Tok could only make out Dance’s fuzzy silhouette in the dark seated in the sand near the water’s edge. “Over there. She’s been there about a half an hour, just sitting there. I’m guessing she’s taking in the day.”
“We’ve all been there,”  Tok said.
“Yep, we have,” he said. “Tok, she’s a good one. Don’t let her get away. We could use her.”
“You just like young girls, you old lech,” Tok kidded. “But, yeah, she did good today.”
Tok quietly approached Dance and sat down on the sand next to her. She then put her arm around Dance’s shoulders. “How goes it, sailor? Want some company?” Her tone was soft and kind.
“Sure, always, Tok,”
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I think so. Everything happened so fast.”
“It did, didn’t it?’ said Tok. “That’s not unusual.” 
Dance said while she nestled deeper into Tok’s embrace . “I’m trying to make sense of it all.”
“We all do that in our quiet time. What are you coming up with?” Tok asked.
“I’ve never felt like that before. It was an entirely new experience for me, and I’m not sure how to react to it.”
“We’ve all felt like that. It’s like your conscience is in control one minute, and then the next second you’re operating totally on instinct. Your sub-conscience took over and responded according to what those instincts led you to do.”
“But, also … I’ve never killed anyone before today,” Dance then said.
“I know. How does that make you feel?” Tok asked.
“It’s the craziest thing; I feel ambivalent about it. I’m not happy about it, but I know that’s what happens out here. I know the Collective is our enemy, and they’re out to get us too. In one sense, we’re on the defense. But in another, the best defense is a deadly offense. And today, they started it. We watched them hanging up there in space. We watched them come down and attack us. We watched them march on our position. And we fought them off. We defended our position by attacking and eliminating them as an adversary.”
“That’s right out of the Academy, isn't it?” Tok asked.
“That’s exactly what they teach in the Academy.”
“If there’s any solace to be found in this whole affair, it’s that. We were not the aggressors, we didn’t start the melee. Hell, we were having a beach party. But they engaged us the moment they deorbited at us. It was that first move by them that set the whole thing in motion. If they had just kept going and left us alone, you and I wouldn’t be having this conversation. They provoked a fight. We had a right and obligation to oppose them.”
“I get all that, Tok, but I think I’m hung up on something that the Academy never talked about. They never talk about death.”
“That’s one of those things nobody likes to talk about, but in this business, if you were on some big ship of the line or on Stella, it’s an everyday possibility.”
“But it’s more than that, I think. There’s one question that keeps nagging me: Tok, does what I did today make me a killer?”
Tok whistled. “That’s a meaty question. Would you like me to sugarcoat my answer or be frank with you?”
“I want you to be frank. I want you to always be frank with me, Tok.”
“Okay, frank it is.” Tok held Dance’s hand. “Yes, today you became a killer. But do you remember when I said being afraid doesn’t mean you’re a coward? It’s the same with this; being a killer like you were today doesn’t make you evil. Killing is all about cause and effect. It’s all about the circumstances you’re in. It’s all about who does what first. 
She continues, “Look, there are three kinds of killing. The first is the kind of killing that happens on starships. Think of it, two massive starships ten-thousand kinometters from each other, so far away from each other that the only way you know they’re out there is because you detect them on long-range scanners. And the two starships start shooting at each other like it’s some kind of holo-game. It’s empty, it’s anonymous, it’s antiseptic, it’s impersonal. You have no idea what’s happening on their end of the battle. You never see them, you never hear them, you never feel them, and you never have to watch them die. The two ships just keep blasting and blasting and blasting until one of the two ships disappear from the scanners. Then the Admirals and Commanders on the ship that’s still in one piece congratulate each other on a job well done. They praise each other for “defeating the enemy ship.” But what they don’t acknowledge is the lives that were lost on the losing ship. What’s the complement on a ship of the line?”
“Ours? A cruiser has a crew of four-hundred or thereabouts.”
“So do Collective ships. When two ships fight, there are eight-hundred lives on the line. But when the final tally is done, the scorecard reads that our victorious Navy destroyed one ship. The four-hundred crew who died are never mentioned.”
“Okay, so what’s the next kind?” Dance asked.
“That’s field combat, like what we did today. Two forces facing off against each other, fighting it out until everyone on one side is dead or gives up and runs away. Think carefully; did you see any of their faces?”
“Yeah, I guess I did. But I don’t remember any of them.”
“What we did today was still detached, still isolated, still anonymous,” Tok said. “But it was more personal than being on a starship. Today the Collectives were still twenty, thirty, forty, or more metters away.  But you could see their faces, hear their voices, and you could see them die. You could hear them scream in the distance as they suffered. Like the one goon you shot, you saw his head explode when you blasted him And you got hot and dirty and smelled the stench of rotting flesh around you. What we did today was more personal than being in a battle on a starship.  It was more about people than the machines. And at the end of the day, the tally was about how many people died, not how many starships were reduced to atoms.”
“What about the third kind of killing?” Dance asked. 
“That’s hand-to-hand combat. It’s the most personal kind of human interaction there is,” said Tok. “More than love, more than sex, more than birth, more than natural death, more than anything else, hand-to-hand combat defines humanity.”
“Wait. That’s a big concept,” said Dance. “A form of fighting is what makes us human?”
“Hand-to-hand combat is primal. It is the animal in us revealed," Tok said. “Only in hand-to-hand combat is the real Dance or Tok or Rory or Lina or Chief or even Beesa exposed. And if you want to get really philosophical, hand-to-hand combat is when natural selection is most incontestably achieved.”
“But shouldn’t we have evolved past that?” asked Dance.
“We may become more civilized, more refined, more discriminating, but deep down inside we’re all animals with the instinct to fight. And along with the drive to procreate and to find food, it’s the most basic impulse we have. It’s how we survive as a species. It’s how we evolve.”
“Will I ever get used to it?” Dance asked. “Will I ever get used to killing?”
Tok paused to choose the right words to answer that loaded question. “Actually, yes, you will get used to it. As I said, it’s primal. We’re wired to kill. It’s suppressed in most civilized people, but there are people like us who are naturals at it, and you certainly showed that today.”
“Doesn’t that make me a savage or some kind of monster?”
“No, Dance, it makes you human, maybe more authentically human than most others. Now, that’s not to say being able to fight and kill is something to be proud of. I’m conflicted about it sometimes myself, but I’ve accepted it as a part of my character. And I think you’d be surprised how many people have it as part of their character too.”
Dance turned and looked at her friend in the eyes just as deeply as she had earlier when the two of them lounged together on the beach. She said, “The truth is I felt amazing out there today. I felt alive and invigorated. And when I pulled the trigger and shot those four goons, I got a rush that I …. I ….”
Tok said, “You enjoyed it, didn’t you?”
Dance’s forceful reaction showed how conflicted she was about the battle. “Yes! I enjoyed it. I felt empowered and strong, and at that moment I felt I could do anything I damn well wanted. But it also hurt at the same time. I felt pain for those five. I felt their lives drain out of them. And then when I was hit, all of a sudden I was in danger myself. There was a real chance I could have ended up like them. I could be dead too, but I felt alive exploring my fate.”
Tok said, “People react differently to change. For some, any amount of pain they feel when something changes in their life is an excruciating experience. But for some, like you, it’s an awakening to new things and new ways of thinking.”
Dance asked, “Do you remember the first time you killed someone face-to-face?”
“Yes, I do. When I was young I was in the Navy too,” she said. “I was a non-comm spacer on the old dreadnought Makjim Broojul. I wish I could say I was locked in battle with a Collective goon during some great planetary battle. But I wasn’t. A lieutenant thought that because I’m a Jenketty he could get away with raping me. He actually had me pinned on the floor with his pants down. But I got one hand free. I gouged out one of his eyes, then reversed on him and pinned him. I should’ve quit right then, but I didn’t. I was so angry and so ashamed.” She held her hands up like they were around somebody’s neck. “I strangled him; I killed him with my bare hands.”
“My stars. That’s terrible. What happened after that?” asked Dance.
“The bastard already had a reputation for that kind of shlit, so they didn’t prosecute me. But they did drum me out of the Navy. After a couple of months home in Jenkette, I got restless and signed on with my father smuggling … I mean, transporting high-risk goods. That’s how all this started. After that, the need to kill to survive seemed to increase every day. It was my father who taught me the rules like the Chief taught you, especially Rule #1 - Kill or be killed. 
Look, Dance, I like you a lot, obviously I do, and under other circumstances I would love to love you and have something more with you. Shlit, just a few hours ago we were talking about you becoming a Jenkette Devotee. You’ve been through a lot today. 
I’m not going to feed you a line of shlit. And I’m not going to try to say that you need to keep on doing this because it’s your destiny or some gungho claptrap like that. I know you volunteered for this, so you can leave anytime you want. If these new feelings scare you, and you don’t want them to be part of how you see yourself, I’ll respect that and let you off when we get back to Margra … and I will miss you terribly. But if you feel you need to or want to explore this and understand it, you’re welcome to stay aboard the Stella Avalon with all of us … and me. However, I do have some advice for you; trust your instincts and be careful not to overthink things. It is what it is.”
Dance said, “I think I need to play this out. If you’ll have me, I want to stay."
“Of course, I’ll have you. I‘m glad to hear that,” said Tok. “One more thing: one of the reasons this crew has been together for such a long time as we have is that we’re the same kind of people. We’re amongst our own kind. You’re amongst your own kind too. I think you belong right here.”
“I do too,” said Dance back.
 So, are you okay, shipmate?”
“Yeah, I’m fine, Tok.”
Tok added, “Besides, I think you’ll make a great Jenketty Devotee someday, and I want to see that happen. Now, get on the ship and go to sleep. You’re on duty one more day, tomorrow, then you’re assigned bunk duty until we get back home.”

MILA 
It was a beautiful new day on Tanganaki. The sun rose over the ocean and bathed the Stella Avalon in an ethereal golden wash of color. And there was a soft, gentle breeze that blew in from the sea that kept the temperature down and the bugs at bay. It was hard to imagine that just the day before, in the hot zone between Stella and the Jor Dor vessel, there was so much death and carnage. 
Stella’s crew had a dirty job ahead of them. 
Rory and the Chief unloaded the repulsor-wagon from Stella, and everyone boarded to go to the Jor Dor crash site. Dance was last out of Stella but still limped out eagerly to join her shipmates. Rory helped up into the craft.
“So explain this “Clean Up” thing again. I wasn’t awake when you told me at breakfast,” she said.
The Chief said, “We’re going to the Jor Dor ship and salvage anything that’s valuable. The rule of thumb is if it’s shiny, we take it. We also collect weapons, artifacts, anything that has resale value or can be useful to us in the future. Lina will also slice into their computer for anything that Navy Intelligence might find useful. We also try to recover the ship’s datacore. We get big credits for one of those intact.”
“It sounds like a payday to me!” Dance said. 
“Not exactly,” said Tok, “but it’s when we get the goods so that we do get paid.”
Dance then asked, “And what am I doing exactly?” 
Tok said, “Your job is probably the grossest, but it’s the least strenuous. Do you know those tracking beacons you tossed on the dead bodies? You’re going to find those and salvage everything you can from the corpses of the Collective goons we killed and all those killed in the crash. The main thing you’re looking for are weapons, credits, omnicomms, datapads, and any kind of official shlit, like an ID, or anything official-looking. And like the Chief said, if it’s shiny, take it.” 
Tok said,“But there’s another important task you have to do. This is the gross part.” Tok then opened a small pouch, took out the contents, and showed it to Dance. It was an electrical device with two wire leads with seven centimetter long probes at the ends. “This is, technically, a Gamow Field Disruptor. We just call it “The Corpse Cooker”. After you’ve cleaned a corpse of anything important or valuable, stick these two leads anywhere in their flesh, press the button, and stand back. It incinerates the body from the inside. One minute you have a dead body, the next minute you have a pile of ashes. It works like a charm. We don’t want to leave any possible trace that we were here. That includes any evidence of what kinds of weapons we used or anything like that. For instance, different blasters, ours or the Collectives, have somewhat distinctive wound signatures. A dead body can tell you a lot about how it died and who killed it.”
“Got it. Sounds like fun,” Dance snarked.
The Chief laughed, “Dance, you know how you remind me of Tok?”
Rory interrupted the comment. “She’s a smartass too.”
“Exactly,” the Chief said.  
“I’m just trying to fit in with everyone here,” she kidded. “The job description for this assignment was all wrong though. I never saw “Must be willing to tolerate an old, washed up former Navy Chief” anywhere.” She winked at him. 
Everyone howled, even the Chief. He threw a rag at her and hit her in the face. “Very funny, Dance. I’ll get you back for that.”
“Aw, you know you love me, Chief,” she said.
Tok said to Dance, “You obviously feel a lot better this morning.”
“Yeah, I do,” Dance answered Tok. “I got a good night’s sleep, and frankly, that surprised me. I thought I’d be more restless, more agitated, more depressed about everything that happened yesterday. You talking me through it helped a lot too. Thanks.”
“Glad to help, you space pirate. Oh, and by the way, I see you’re wearing the spacer tactical suit I gave you and not the silver suit.”
“Frankly, it was pretty stinky,” Dance replied. “Cheeky said she’d clean it.”
 “Well, she is a gem, that’s for sure.” Tok climbed onto the wagon, swung her arms around Dance and Lina’s shoulders, kicked her legs and feet up on the console and said, “Take us away, Rory. Let’s go get us some goodies!” 
“Yes, ma’am! Everyone hang on tight,” he said. “Next stop: one wrecked Jor Dor ship’s cargo hold.”
Floating fast along just a metter off of the jungle floor, the crew was in good spirits. It was a beautiful day, the prognosis for Beesa was guardedly positive, and they were on their way to get their hands on a cargo hold’s worth of valuables that they would be able to convert to cold hard credits. 
When they arrived at the Jor Dor shipwreck, Dance was surprised how crushed the vessel looked. “What a mess,” she said. “It’s like it was stepped on.”
The Chief explained, “When I shot it with the dorsal cannon and hit its propulsion system, they tried to climb back up into orbit, or at least they tried to gain some kind of altitude. But there wasn’t enough thrust. They had the nose up when gravity took over, and the ship stalled. It belly-flopped onto the ground from about two-thousand metters, and that’s a hell of a drop for a ship like this. It broke its keel and spine. The sides are even bent out. This kind of ship does have landing gear, but for low-gravity hangers and pads. They’re not intended for a heavy surface landing on a planet. They should have never been anywhere near this low. It was a bad decision by somebody.”
Tok then said to Lina, “Okay, babe, it’s your turn in first. It probably stinks bad, so you better wear a mask. Take a couple of de-skink bombs with you too and flush the place out.”
Lina said, “Okay, boss. I hate this part of the job. It’s your turn next, newbie,” she said to Dance.
“I’ll watch and learn from here, Lina.”
While Lina went into the ship through the open lateral egress ramp to secure the area and de-stink it, Tok gave Dance a lesson on how to evaluate loot. “You’ll see a lot of standard-issue blasters, nothing special. We’ll get a few credits for them, or we’ll make room for them in our armory. Some of the dead will have omnicomms or personal holo-communicators; get those. Grab any kind of tech gear. There may be some IDs; Navy intelligence will like those. Some knives. Most of the stuff will be run-of-the-mill. But we can get something for everything. The real prizes are in the ship’s cargo hold and in its computer.”
Lina chirped in on Tok’s communicator. “The hold is full. They must have just finished a raid of some kind and were on the way back to Jor Dor when they spotted us. There’s some nice stuff too, like three mini-speeders; those will be handy. And there are luxury items. Apparel, decorations, food, wine, collections, all that kind of fancy stuff. They’re a little light on any kind of military-type gear, just some foot soldier armor collections.”
“How many dead?” asked Tok.
“I’ve got twenty-two dead in here. They look like they died from impact trauma from the belly flop. The flight crew died in a fire. With the fifteen we faced yesterday, that’s a total crew of thirty-seven. And Tok, there’s one in here you need to see for yourself. Come to cabin number nine, halfway down the main corridor, starboard side.”
After Lina de-stinked the vessel, the rest of Stella's crew boarded through the open lateral egress ramp and headed aft through the main corridor to the ship’s hold. They passed a large number of decaying bodies but little blood. 
Tok said, “Hm, Lina was right. These deaths are all caused by the ship crashing. The inertia dampeners must have fritzed when the Chief blasted the ship. It was a violent way to die.”
“What do you think Lina wants you to see?” asked Dance.
“I don’t know, but we’re going to find out. Here’s cabin nine.”
When Tok opened the door, she saw the lifeless body of a beautiful, young woman on the floor. She was dressed in an ivory gown that flowed over her lithe figure gracefully and fetchingly. An electrical wire was pulled taut around her throat and tied in a crude knot. Her green eyes were open and stared up into nothingness. Tok had seen hundreds of dead bodies, maybe thousands, but this one was different. The dead woman had shoulder length blue hair. Tok gasped and slowly reached down and gently held the woman’s hand.
“Oh, you poor thing,” Tok sighed. “Who are you? What are you doing here? What have they done to you?”
“Is she a Jenketty?” asked Dance.
“Yes, she is, and so young,” answered Tok while she closed the woman’s eyelids. “She was probably the ship’s lashiel.”
“What’s a lashiel?”
Heartbroken, Tok’s burdened breaths were heavy and labored. “She was the ship’s whore. She had only one job on the ship, and that was to service every single man on board.  She was probably a slave of the captain.” Tok examined the woman’s hands. The skin was smooth and her nails still looked like they had been cared for in some way. “This didn’t happen long ago at all. She was probably a passenger on some private vessel, or maybe even a small cruise ship. That would account for the luxury goods on board in the cargo hold. The Jor Dor captain saw her and wanted her, so he took her, the bastard.” Tok turned the woman’s arm over. There was an ugly, crude tattoo on it. “See. He marked her as his slave. She was his property. She had no choice. As the lashiel she could never refuse an order to perform for anyone on board or they’d kill her. As a Jenketty, it must have been devastating, just like it would be for any woman. But besides her being a slave and being raped multiple times every day, it goes against everything we believe about our sexuality. We believe it’s a gift to be given in joy and love. These barbarians stole it from her.”
“Why did they kill her?”
“She most likely survived the crash, but they thought she’d get in their way or slow them down. She was expendable, so they killed her.”
“Expendable ... like us?” asked Dance.
“Yes, exactly like us.” 
Tok looked around the room. “Help me search. There’s got to be something, some kind of personal memento that I can take back to Jenkette to identify her.” They rummaged through the entire cabin, and all they found was a small holo-image projector and a hair brush. Tok turned on the projector and its sole image appeared. It was of the girl and a Jenketty man. They embraced and looked very happy together. At their feet was the caption “Mila Loves Sain”. 
“Her name was Mila,” said Tok. “Mila is the name of an ancient Jenketty deity: Mila, the Goddess of Truth and Beauty.”
“She was beautiful,” said Dance.
“Yes, she was,” said Tok. “By the stars, I hate those bastards: The Collective. Don’t let there be any doubt in your heart and mind why we fight them as we do. There can be a lot of gray areas when it comes to the virtues and vices of both sides, the Collective and the Crown. But not this, not these kinds of things. We may be high-minded and sometimes double-minded in what we espouse, but we are NOT like them in this way. We are not cruel, vicious monsters.”
Tok swept tears from her eyes and put the holo-projector in her satchel. “Give me the cooker. I’ll do this one. I’ll see you outside.” 
After Dance left the room, the Tok untied the wire from around Mila’s throat, wound it up, and put it in her pocket. She then lifted Mila’s body and laid her on the small bunk in the cabin. Tok straightened Mila’s dress and crossed her arms across her chest. She then straightened Mila’s hair with the hair brush. “You tried to maintain your dignity no matter how terrible it was for you. You were a brave woman, Mila. I hope I’ll always be as brave as you.” She put the hairbrush in her satchel too.
Tok sat quietly on the edge of the bed, stroked Mila’s hair, and meditated on the young Jenketty woman’s fate. “By the spirits of our people that inhabit the boundless universe, I pray I am reaching you. Your abundant and beautiful life is now free from the terrible burdens that those of us who remain have to endure. And with the wrath of the spirits of our ancestors that guide us, and with the help of my comrades, know that every one of the animals that abused you are dead. And if there is any justice at all, their spirits will burn eternally in a pit of torment and misery. However, the demon who enslaved you is still alive and loose. I don’t know how, but I promise by the power of the spirits of our ancestors, I will fully avenge you. Beautiful Mila, may your body join your spirit in eternal, universal peace and harmony.” Tok then carefully and respectfully pierced Mila’s side with the probes and touched Mila’s cheek one last time. “Good bye, Mila.” She then pressed the button on the cooker. And in only a minute, Mila’s body was gone. 

GAT TROGGO
Dance went from corpse to corpse in the Collective privateer’s ship and cleaned them as thoroughly as she could. After Tok attended to Mila’s body, she joined her protege and asked her how it had been going. 
She answered, “Most of the dead have only a small amount of stuff: some credits, a few knives, tools, blasters, and a few small mementos.”
Tok said, “Their clothing is worthless. So far the corpses are providing only a little return for our efforts, and the price the goons paid in blood.” 
Dance then said, “But there's one thing in common all the bodies had in their possession: Collective military IDs.” She showed them to Tok. “What do you make of these?” 
“It looks like you’ve found some important intelligence information,” Tok said. “These weren’t privateers like we are. They were Collective Army regulars rigged and geared up to look like privateers. This is exactly the thing the Crown is trying to avoid by using us out here. If ships like this one, with military regulars as a crew, enter Crown space, it could be construed as an armed military action, an incursion. Send enough of them into Crown space, and you could call it an invasion. When you get out into the field to clean the bodies, gather all these military IDs and the wallets they're in if you find them. We’ll make sure these get into Commander Root’s hands. Good job.”
Rory yelled from the hold. “Hey, Tok, Dance, Lina, come on back here. Have I got a surprise for you! I found something I think you’ll really like.”
Tok said, “He seems pleased with himself.”
“What’s up?” asked Dance. 
“Whenever he finds something that he thinks we ladies like in particular, he makes a big deal out of it. He thinks he’ll earn some good-guy points. This better be more impressive than his last surprise.”
Lina told Dance, “A couple of hauls ago, he thought he scored big when he found an entire stash of hair products, especially hair coloring. Tok just about killed him.”
“Now, that’s funny!” Dance said as the trio entered the ship’s hold. 
“Okay, Rory, wadaya got for us this time?” asked Tok. “This better be good.”
“Right this way, ladies,” he said. “Allow me to open this shipping container for you.” With a whiff of theatrical flair, he popped a button on the side of one container and it opened wide for them to see its entire contents. “May I present to you Rory’s Ladies Armor Boutique.” He waved his hand in front of the racks of hung tactical gear for women. 
Lina’s and Dance’s eyes lit up. Lina gave Rory a long, wet kiss. “Baby, this is wonderful!”
“No kidding,” added Dance. “And if I wasn’t afraid Lina would kill me, I’d kiss you too. Look at this stuff. All the colors and really cool styles. Rory, you have scored big time.”
Tok was hesitant to embrace the loot. “This was part of a trunk show. I’m betting Mila was a model. With her looks she would have been very popular doing that.” Lina and Dance reined in their enthusiasm.  
Dance said, “Oh, we didn’t think of that. Sorry, Tok.”
“Jenketty girls are popular as fashion models, especially on some of the Frontier planets. They make a big haul of credits for a few years, then move on to something else.” She looked at the label of one sleek black jumpsuit. “But these are cute. Hm. It’s 70% Strato-Armor thread. That’s as good as my old suit, Dance. These are quality goods.” She held the sleek and sexy armored jumpsuit up to her and looked at herself in a mirror enclosed in the trunk. The others let her have some space and time to take in everything herself until she relaxed and smiled. 
After a few moments, Tok said, “Well, if a girl can’t go shopping, what can she do? Let’s see what else there is.” Dance and Lina’s enthusiasm returned, and the three of them picked through the clothing, found the styles they liked and in sizes that fit. They tried them on for each other and packed their choices away in as many bags as they could fit on the wagon with the rest of the loot.
“I love shopping!” said Lina.
“But you hardly wear anything,” said Dance.
“That’s because I haven’t been shopping in a long, long, long time. I’m rough on clothes.”
Tok said, “And Dance, I think royal blue is your color. That suit is just the best.”
“I know! I know! But I’m not going to wear it yet. I still have corpse cooking duty.”
Lina nudged Tok. “I think our little girl here is going to end up being Little Miss Ensign Hottie McHot-Hot.”
“Wait a second, what’s this?” Dance saw something interesting and rummaged all the way to the back of the rack. With a few hard tugs she pulled the garment in question out into the light. “Here it is … Hey, now this is way cool!” In her hand hung a large, mid-calf length, super-deep violet overcoat. It had a rough and tough fashion sense about it and looked like it could hold up in action. “Aw, righteous, it even has a hood. And check out the fabric. It’s supple but heavy duty.”
Tok grabbed the label and read it. “Let’s see … “designed and created on Retilance to the exacting standards of” … Hey! … “made to exacting standards of TOK BARMER?!” What the frock! They’re selling armor clothing with my name on them, like if I endorsed it! Why those sons of sage blisters.”
Dance and Lina laughed hysterically. Dance said, “Well, that settles that. This is mine, and I’m wearing it forever!”
Lina then said, “And you can have her near you all the time!”
Tok finally broke into a small laugh also. “Well, I’m keeping the tags, and I’m going to track down these jerks the next time we’re even near Retilance. At least, I want my cut of the sales.” She then looked closer at the tag. “One good thing is that this coat has some muscle to it. It says it’s made of 93.5% Strato-Amor thread. It’ll take a wallop.” 
Dance had the coat on already. “I can feel it. It fits fine, but the fabric is a little heavy. It’s maybe a little warm too, I think.”  
Lina sprung up. “No problem. I can fix that easy enough.” She first quickly rummaged through a rack of high quality tactical slacks, grabbed a dark grey pair and flung them over to Dance. “These should fit. Put ‘em on.”
Dance said to Tok, “I didn’t know Lina has such a fashion sense.”
“Neither did I. But she’s on a roll. Go with it, I guess.”
Lina wasn’t done. On another rack she found a full button-down uniform-type shirt that was also grey, but lighter than the tactical slacks. “Put that on too. Now you need some boots.” She searched on the floor of the container until she found a pair of tall, lace-up, macho yet fashionable combat boots. “And these should finish things off nicely. And … Hey!, Stop right there, girl!” Lina bounced back over to Dance who had just finished buttoning up her shirt and had tucked it in her slacks. She yanked Dance’s shirt back out from the waistband. “You don’t need all these buttons now, do you really?” And before Dance had time to object, Lina unbuttoned the entire front placket of buttons on her shirt too. “And while I have you in my clutches, I want to know if you can stare into my eyes too.”
Dance asked, “You saw that?”
“Well, yeah. I like to watch. Just give me a headsup before you two get down and get funky again. Maybe I’ll join in.” Lina refocused on Dance’s clothing. “And now I’ll just roll your shirt up under your boobs … tie it in a knot, and whammo, you are cool as a computer and hot as a blaster barrel, all at the same time. What do you think, Tok?” 
“Hmm, let’s see,” said Tok. She walked around Dance as if she had given her a Navy inspection. “The overcoat does certainly fit you, and the color works with your hair. And the way your slacks ride on your hips is quite fine. And your bare tummy is, well, yummy. And the boots will certainly leave a mark on some sorlag’s rear if he tries to get too friendly with you. It’s all very sexy, very tempting, and very hard-core, just like you should look as a privateer for the Crown.” Tok helped Dance put her gun belt back on.” Yes, my young friend, I most certainly approve. That is how you should dress everyday.``
Dance looked at herself in a mirror for a minute. “Hm. You know what, I like it too. I like the new me. Done. But I need more clothes: more shirts, more tactical slacks, more, well, underwear, more everything. What else is there?” And the three ladies of the Stella Avalon dove back into all the clothing and accessories and created quite large new wardrobes for themselves, including some rather daring party and casual outfits. It was a very good haul indeed.
The Chief and Rory watched their friends enjoy themselves. It was a welcome break from the work and worry of the whole affair on Tanganaki. “Rory, I think we’re going to have to make multiple runs back and forth to Stella with this stuff.” The Chief could only smile. “Besides, there’s some other things in this hold I like too.”
“Me too,” said Rory. “And let’s not forget the wine and food. And those mini-speeders are going to be really handy.”
Dance asked, “So, we get to keep anything we want from the stuff we steal?”
Tok said, “‘Steal’ is such a crude word. I prefer to think that we’ve liberated nice things, like these outfits, from the clunky hands of the Collective fashion elite. Or if you want to get technical, we’re in the product ownership redesignation business. Doesn’t that sound better than we’re “stealing” things?”
Dance moved seven outfits and four pairs of boots over to her pile of fashion loot. “Oh, yes, very.”   
Aside from the welcome diversion of the impromptu shopping spree, there was a lot of work to be done in the Collective ship. It was big, so there was a lot of ground to cover. Everyone had specific jobs to do to expedite the whole process. The Chief scavenged the engineering section. Rory the hold. Lina went through the entire data system. Tok scoured the ship’s log and records. It was a combined salvage operation, intelligence gathering mission, and demolition project. 
The crew picked through everything and recovered the more valuable items. They then destroyed the ship’s operational systems so that the most critical command and control functions were all damaged beyond repair. That made it look like the ship had crashed on its own and was unusable ever again. It was a derelict. It also covered the identity of who ravaged the ship and salvaged its contents.
The Chief took Dance outside the ship and gave her the rundown on her job out in the field. “Corpse cleaning is everyone’s least favorite of any of the tasks, and the “new guy” on the crew always gets stuck doing it. It’s a dirty, stinky job, but it’s important that it be done. But in this case, the job is doubly hard because there are so many bodies spread out all over the area. Have you ever used a Gamow Field Disruptor before?” 
Dance answered, “No. I’ve heard them talked about during Academy lectures. But the Crown Navy doesn’t use them, so I never thought I’d see one in action, let alone actually use one. They are intriguing though.”
The Chief said, “They’re frightfully efficient. It’s a simple enough concept. Once the two probes are inserted and the unit turned on, they create two energy fields that are in some sort of discord with each other. That causes all the contiguous organic molecules deep in the cellular structures to become excited. That produces a great deal of heat from inside the body, and incineration is the only possible result. The other amazing feature of the device is that it doesn’t work on inorganic matter. That’s why clothing and things like blasters, don’t burn up. It also has a fail safe feature that detects if the probes are inserted into living organic material; it won’t activate. But be very careful.”
He then hauled one of the two-person mini-speeder cycles they recovered from the Collective out of the ship’s hold. He gave it a quick inspection and made sure it was charged and usable. Satisfied that it was, he added what amounted to saddle bags to its seat back. “This will save you a lot of time. Plus, with your leg, it will make it a lot easier. Have you been on one of these?” he asked.
“A couple of times,” she replied. “But usually bigger ones than this.”
He kidded, “What are you? Some kind of biker chick?”
“Remember, I’m from Ayrona. We like our speeders big and our girls tough.”
“Ah, I’ll remember that,” he laughed, “You’ll have to watch it with this then. The big ones have more and bigger repulsor plates. That makes them more stable. A little speeder like this one might get a little twitchy. And when you stop and get off, it might not be able to hold its position all that well. It will drift away from you a little.” He then handed her the tracking device, an old fashioned radio pocket-sized screen with multiple yellow dots with coordinates on it. “You can pick and choose which homing beacon you want to go to without any fuss. As soon as you turn off the beacon, the locator on the display will go out. But remember, since we didn’t do an auto-survey of this place, it doesn’t account for topography or vegetation. Your route to each locator will not be a straight line. You’ll be winging it.”
“Got it,” Dance said. “I’ll be careful.”
“I guess we’ll see you back at Stella at sundown; that’s about 1830 hours today. If anything happens, call any of us. We’ll come a runnin’.”
“Thanks, Chief.” Dance said. “So, I guess I’ve passed Tok’s tests?”
“All of ours too. You’ve done great, especially how you helped Beesa. That was what being a good shipmate means. Besides, we all kinda like you. We’d hate to see anything happen to you. Now, get outta here!” he yelled. 
“I’ll see you in time for dinner back on Stella,” Dance said as she twisted the grip and sped out into the jungle.
She began her cleaning duty on the far side of the battle’s hot zone, all the way over where Lina had engaged her assigned group of goons. Her thought was to clean up that mess, then Tok’s marks, then lastly her own. She’d then rejoin everyone back at the Collective ship to help them finish up the work there. Even though the Chief told her she could go back to Stella, obviously due to her hurt thigh, she wanted to help everyone as much as she could. That’s what good shipmates did, she thought.
At first, she experienced a feeling of excitement about the duty. Her ride on the speeder was fun, and she enjoyed the fresh, clean wind blow through her hair. She felt like her whole body had been blown clean of the dirt, and that her sweat was dried and clothes ventilated. 
Lina’s targets were in two groups, but they were close together. The carnage did take Dance aback though. Heads were cut off with surgical precision, and the volumes of blood that was sure to have flowed out of the massive wounds were absorbed by the loose, porous, sandy dirt. 
She cleaned the corpses of anything important or valuable. But like the dead back at the ship, it was slim pickings. She collected the guns and any ammo packs they had on them. A few had regular army IDs, but none of them had anything shiny or otherwise valuable. It was a disappointing result.
After she finished cleaning and cooking Lina’s victims, she moved onto Tok’s battlefield. Just like she reported, there were three bodies together in a clump and one cornered in a rocky crevice. The fifth goon, who Tok thought was the captain, ran away as fast as he could when the shooting started. His whereabouts were unknown. But since he ran away like a coward, she wasn’t very concerned about him.
The cleaning and cooking job, again, was pretty much a waste of time, except that it covered her and her shipmates' tracks. According to the Chief, once they were done, nobody would ever know they were there. None of the dead had anything of value, just blasters and some hand weapons. But like the others, some of them had Collective regular Army IDs, and Dance knew how that was significant. 
For more than four hundred years, the Crown and the Collective co-existed in space in a standoff, each powerful enough to fully destroy the other. That was what kept the peace. If one of them made a move and launched an attack, the other side was always in a position to counter and be just as destructive as the first attacker. It was mutually assured destruction.
And then there was the Frontier, where dozens of non-aligned planets of all kinds created a physical buffer between the Crown and the Collective. Each Frontier planet patrolled and secured their own space. It was an extremely tenuous and risky arrangement, but it worked. Hostilities between the Crown and the Collective were kept in check. 
Both sides used privateers; Dance knew that. But if “decommissioned” Collective ships and army regulars had been used, that put pressure on the balance of power between the two sides. The soldiers’ IDs were important proof that something in the status quo had changed. And in that case, change was a bad thing. 
Dance’s last stop on her tour of corpses was the location where she had her battle. The first dead goon she cleaned was her first kill, the one that fell onto the sharp, rocky outcropping. “Now, this one is going to be gross,” she said to herself as she tugged on the soldier’s drooping arm. “I’m pretty sure this isn’t going to be a pleasant sight,” and it was most definitely not. Just as she feared, with just a few pulls the body split the rest of the way in two. She had to duck out of the way of the top half when it fell on her side of the rock. The victim’s bottom half fell behind the rock. Both of them landed with a very loud splat. “This is nice. I think I’m going … to … heave!” Dance bent over and tossed her breakfast on the ground. “Oh, frock this garbage. I can’t wait until we get another new crew member so they can do this job. I will personally run an ad in the Margra job listings. “Wanted, privateer crew members to clean up gross, dead bodies that are all blown up and about to break in two halves. Experience not required but a strong stomach is.” She only half-heartedly cleaned the corpse and quickly inserted the cooker’s probes and hit the button. But she had to do it twice to both halves.  
The body of the goon that Beesa killed was next. Because of how Beesa did his deed, by making hundreds of shallow puncture wounds that caused the soldier to completely bleed out in only a minute, all that was left was his skeleton with clumps of mushy flesh hanging on. There was nothing to clean, and Dance wasn’t going to dig around for anything of value in that mess. She put the probes in what flesh there was and cooked him.
She then found the bodies of the third and fourth soldiers. They were easy to clean. All their belongings were in their satchels which she grabbed and put in her collection bag. She also took their blasters. 
But the body of the fifth Collective soldier she fought was nowhere to be found. At least she thought there would be a body. She knew she hit him in his left leg somewhere, and she thought she might have hit him in his left arm or shoulder too. But she searched the area and didn’t find a body. That spooked her. That meant he might still be alive.
She pulled her blaster out and went into combat mode. Her mind and her vision sharpened, and all her combat sensory abilities activated. It was a dangerous situation that deserved her utmost caution. If he were still alive but injured and armed, he was reduced to the same level as a desperate animal. And as far as she knew, he may have spied on her the entire time she was on the scene.
Suddenly and without warning, from a dense thicket to her left, the injured goon awkwardly charged her. He swung at her with his fist, hit her in her stomach, and she flew clear across the clearing. Her wind was knocked out of her, and for a moment she had to recover with massive gulps of air. But the goon didn’t come after her; he couldn’t.
Just like they taught her in hand-to-hand combat training in the Academy, she hastily took an inventory of his situation. His left arm hung limply down his side; that was useless. His face was burned most likely as a result of the blast to his arm. But his worst damage was his left knee; he didn’t have one. Her blaster shot destroyed it. The only way he was able to hobble at all was that he secured a tourniquet above where his knee should have been so he didn’t bleed to death. He also fabricated a crude splint out of two stout branches and his shirt ripped into strips. She was amazed he was still alive. He did have a blaster though, and after he steadied himself, ripped off several shots right at Dance.
All Dance could do was to reflexively turn her back on the shooter and pray he missed. But her new, Strato-Armor combat overcoat did exactly as it was supposed to do. The blasts did hit her back, and she felt the pounding percussion of the jolts. But the charged energy of the blasts was absorbed by the coat and dispeled almost immediately. She was safe, at least for the moment. 
He tried to fire again, but his blaster misfired. Jor Dor blasters were notorious for not being reliable. His mobility was limited to only about a metter around him. His only weapon left was a giant, scary, forty-centimetter combat knife. Her immediate thought was to avoid that at all costs. 
She pulled her guns up and tried to aim at him. With a sweep of his giant right arm and knife, the goon knocked her blasters out of her hands. Again, her armor threaded coat saved her when it blunted the knife’s killing edge across her chest, surely a deathblow if she were unprotected. But since she was weaponless, all he had to do was lunge forward to reach her. But her biggest advantage was that even though she was injured too, she was not as bad off as he was. She could move. He couldn’t.
She recognized him. It was the Collective goon who shot Beesa. He was heaving, and he drooled from his mouth. He looked like a rabid Horned Todoro ready to attack and devour its next meal. 
Dance’s first instinct was to talk him down. “Okay, big fella, you look like you’re in bad shape. I can help you. We have the best med-droid in space, and I know she can help you.”
“BITCH!” he yelled. “You killed my comrades. You desecrated their bodies. Now I’m going to kill you, cut you apart, and feed you to the Truncatus Weevils. You must pay for your savagery.”
“I’m just defending myself,” she said.
“One of us is going to die today,” he declared.
She yelled back, “Well, if you don’t mind, I’d rather it not be me.”
The goon laughed. “Ha! I like a warrior who laughs in the face of certain death. I hope you die honorably.”
“You too, big guy.” Dance’s Academy martial arts training kicked in. In a flash, she swung her left arm up and around, grabbed his right wrist, and knocked the knife out of his hand. She then wound her arms around his right arm, put her leg behind him, and threw all of her 120 pounds against him. He groaned in agony as they tumbled onto the ground and wrestled for his knife. 
Dance cocked her arm at the elbow and smashed it back down on the goon’s throat. While he clutched at his neck, she bounced up and smashed his crotch with her foot and kicked his bad knee. He grabbed himself in horrific pain while she located the knife. She dove for it, grabbed it, but lost track of it again when he grabbed her foot and dragged her back toward him. He rolled over on top of her and pinned her down onto the blood-soaked ground. He pressed her face and head down into the soft sod, then wrapped his lone good hand around her throat and strangled her violently. She gasped desperately for air, clawed at his hand, and tried to pull herself free. Then, by smashing down on the inside of his elbow with her fists, she broke his choke-hold. Out of balance and with nothing to hold himself up with, he fell down on top of her. That brought him in closer range for her to fight back.  
She grabbed his stinking, dirty hair with her left hand and jerked his head back so that his face was an open target for her right-hand strikes. With the bottom of the palm of her hand, she punched him square in the middle of his face a half-dozen times and broke his nose. Her fingernails gouged his skin and his eyes too. His blood gushed out all over her. They both struggled to their knees. He was woozy and barely able to stay upright. Blood from the goon’s nose and mouth covered his jaw and chest, and she knew she had damaged him even more than he already was. 
It was at that point that something astonishing happened in Dance’s mind. A new clarity, a focus, a power, a surge of fortitude and courage rushed over her being. It was as if she was filled with a living, dynamic force that increased her physical capabilities. The pure essence of who she was as a warrior came forward in her and took over. More than ever before, all of her senses, her concentration, and her strength all became razor sharp. With gritty determination, she jumped to her feet and clenched her hands into iron fists. She brought them up to her chest, stared the goon in the eyes, and waited for the inevitable attack by him. Her small framed body, toned and strong, became a powerful weapon that was primed to fire. It was as if she was born for that moment. She was ready for him. 
Limitless amounts of controlled rage filled her soul, and she boldly gave the goon a raw warning. She had never said anything like it in her life. “Ya’ got nothing, you fool. You’re hurt and bleeding, You can barely hold your good arm up, and your left arm and leg are useless. Can’t you see I’ve beat you? I’m giving you one last chance; surrender and I’ll get you some help. But if you don’t want to do that, I’m going to kill you; I swear I’m going to kill you.”
With a face that already looked like it hung on a dead man, the goon laughed. “You stupid woman, I don’t want your Crown mercy. I don’t want anything from you except your head as a trophy of my great victory here.”
“Boy, you are really dense,” she said. “You can barely stand up.”
He spit a large glob of blood out of his mouth and moaned, “Death in combat is an honor. If I am to die, this must be the way.” 
The two stood and stared at each other. Dance then saw the look on the goon’s face go blank as he deliriously raised his eyes to the heavens and looked up into the empty air above him. It was as if he had seen something floating around him but he couldn’t find it again. “Can you see it, woman?”
“See what?” she asked back.
“The specter of death … it is here. On Jor Dor we call it Zayinfang, The Bringer of the Blood. All warriors see it when death is at hand. And I can almost see it. It has come to collect the spirit of one of us,” he said. “Maybe Zayinfang has come for you, woman.”
Dance said, “I don’t think so. I’m feeling pretty good about my chances of getting out of this alive.”
The goon seemed resigned to a deathly fate. He said, “You are a very honorable warrior. May your ancestors honor your legacy.”
“You’re a great warrior too, and may your ancestors honor your legacy,” she said back.
“It is time, woman. Time for one of us to die,” he said. He mustered every ounce of his remaining energy and willpower. With every bit of his strength, pride, and determination, he straightened up and faced Dance.  The goon then took only one step toward her and his left leg finally collapsed. He went down on his right knee. Dance spun and viciously smashed the side of his head with a perfectly timed kick. It staggered him. He swung wildly at her with his fist, but she effortlessly avoided it. She then kicked his left shoulder, and he screamed in pain. Dance then double-fist punched him in the side of the head again and again and again in an unrelenting attack. Clobbered senseless, the goon finally collapsed and rolled over onto his back, delirious and stupefied. 
Dance had never, ever done anything so violent and physically dominating. She was strong and tough and utterly fearless. It was a total effort on her part, but she knew she was not finished.
She caught her breath and first tried to find her blasters that had been knocked out of her hands. She couldn’t find them readily, so she looked for any kind of convenient weapon. And she found one: the goon’s giant combat knife.
Dance picked it up in her hand and allowed herself a moment to feel its mass and its inherent danger. It was a magnificently crafted weapon with a forty-centimetter long blade. It had inscriptions in some unknown language and with beautiful, mysterious imagery. Its hilt had a full guard and a Mountain Dragon tusk handle. For her frame, it was more of a sword than a knife, but it felt balanced and comfortable in her hands. It felt like it was hers.
She staggered to the goon, kneeled next to him, and held the knife above her head with both hands. In a last opportunity to justify what she was about to do, Dance said, “Rule #1 - kill or be killed.” She then let loose with a shriek of ultimate victory so loud and piercing it threw the placid beauty of the jungle into turmoil. Scurrying rodents, birds, flying lizards, and even insects scattered away from the area. A new, ferocious beast claimed the area as her own territory. She plunged the jobox-chrome steel blade deep into his chest and twisted it to make sure it did its lethal job. And in that last split second of her adversary’s life, she swore that she felt his final heartbeat against the blade.
Exhausted and emotionally drained, Dance stood next to the body for a moment and took in the scene. There, on the ground at her feet was the body of a warrior who she killed with nothing but a knife and her bare hands.
Drained of every iota of energy, she gave in to her fatigue and keeled over face down onto the ground next to the goon. There she smelled the blood from her defeated enemy that had soaked the entire area. She rolled over onto her back and ran her hand upon her chest. Her armor suit was covered in blood too, as was her hair, face, and hands. She was a bloody mess. 
It took an hour to recuperate enough that she had the energy to clean the goon’s body. Like all the others, he had nothing of real value. When she opened his satchel, she found the same items that most of the others had: an Army ID, some credits, and some energy bars.
“Damn it,” she said. “I just killed this man for fourteen credits and some energy bars. And they’re not even a flavor I like.”
She looked at the Army ID. “So, your name was Gat Troggo,” she said. “Well, I don’t know about all the spiritual stuff. I don’t know if the spirits of our ancestors actually do anything. I don’t even know if there are spirits of our ancestors. But I give you my word, I will never forget you. You did die honorably. You were strong and determined, and you gave it everything you had. And I respect that, Gat. Anyway, we are who we are, and we are opposites of each other. I guess that has to be a good enough explanation why this happened. But, if you ask me, somehow it’s a waste.” 
The only thing else she did was cut his belt apart so she could get the leather scabbard to the knife. Dance then closed Gat’s eyes, out of respect, just like Tok did to Mila. She then inserted the two cooker probes and pressed the button. Just like all the others, Gat soon disappeared into a pile of ashes. 
Dance returned to the beach on her mini-speeder shortly after dusk. It was not a refreshing, fun trip like she had when she headed out to cook the corpses earlier in the day. After fighting and killing Gat Troggo, she was covered with blood and dirt and was exhausted. 
Tok waited outside Stella for her and had to help Dance stop the speeder all the way when she reached the ship. As she helped Dance off of the speeder, she said, “I was worried about you. What happened?” 
Dance took a big swig of water and plopped down on a strut of the egress ramp. “I came across the goon who shot Beesa. I thought he was dead, but he was alive and kicking … barely. But he wanted to fight it out one on one, just like you and I talked about. He got the jump on me in a small clearing and got a couple of shots of at me. This coat really works; it saved me. He then knocked my blasters away from me. We fought it out hand to hand.”
“I can see that,” Tok said. “It must have been intense.”
“Yeah, it was. We stood face to face, no further apart than you and I are now. Then, just like that he made a move, I countered, we struggled and wrestled some, and then,” she snapped her fingers, “it was over. It all happened so fast. But, I need to be better at hand to hand. He almost got me. I can’t let it ever get that close again.”
“We’ll all help you learn,” Tok said. She then pulled Gat Troggo’s knife out of its scabbard. “This is one big knife. Is it a trophy?”
“I suppose it is,” said Dance. “He was seriously injured, but he kept coming at me. He was tough, I’ll give him that. But he was pretty much done for when I finally got him down on his back. The knife was the handiest weapon I could get my hands on. I grabbed it and ran it into his chest as deep as I could. It’s mine now, I guess.”
“That explains how you got all that blood on you too,” said Tok. “Why don’t you strip and wash up in the surf. And give your clothes to Cheeky and she’ll clean them for you.”
“That sounds like a good idea. I think I’ll do that,” said Dance. “Tok, I don’t want to sound all morbid or anything, but I have a question. If the tables were turned and I was killed by the Collective soldier, would he have cooked me like I cooked him?”
“No, he wouldn’t. They don’t do that,” Tok said. “We do it because we think it’s common decency. They’ve decided, I guess, that their enemies, and most importantly the ones they kill in combat, don’t deserve that kind of honorable treatment. They’ll just leave our bodies to rot. It’s an uncomfortable thought, but that’s how it is out here. We’re completely expendable.”
“There’s that word again: expendable,” Dance said.
“I will make you a promise, the same promise I make to everyone on the crew;” Tok said, ”as long as any of us are alive and able to help, we will never leave any of our shipmates behind, even if we die trying.”
Tok then said something very special to her young protege. “Dance … you smell of smoke and blood.”
“Do I?” Dance replied. “I really didn’t think about that kind of thing. I guess I was in the moment too much. I’ve never done anything like that before.”
Tok asked, “And how do you feel? You survived a bloody, personal battle with someone who wanted to kill you.”
“I’m not numb or anything like that,” Dance said. “I feel normal, whatever that means now.”
“That’s a pretty good way to describe it, I guess,” said Tok. “You must be hungry and thirsty. Clean up, then go in and chill out. We’re almost done here.” 
Tok picked up her blaster belt and snapped it on. She double checked both of her guns to make sure they were fully charged. “But first, I have something I have to do. Does your mini-speeder still have some charge left on it?”
“About 60%. Where are you going?” Dance asked.
“There’s one more goon out there who I have to find.”
“Do you want my help?”
“No, this is all mine. I want to follow a hunch. I wouldn’t be surprised if I wasn’t back until dawn. But don’t leave without me.”
Dance said, “I know what you’re doing; it’s for Mila. Make sure the bastard dies without a shred of honor.”
Tok nodded her head. “That’s the plan.” She then pulled up a black hood to hide her blue hair in the dark and mounted the speeder. She twisted the throttle and shot away back toward the Collective ship crash site.
Dance took Tok’s advice and walked down to the water’s edge. She stripped off all her clothes and walked naked into the calm surf. The water was mild and comforting, and she washed all the blood and dirt and sweat away. She knew she could only cleanse her body that way, but at that moment, that was all she wanted. She felt neither sorrow nor excitement. Like she told Tok, it all felt normal.
After she bathed in the shallow water of the little bay, Dance stood up, naked and unashamed, and stretched her arms out toward the sky, like they were wings to fly in the heavens. She let herself be purified by the blue-white light of Tanganaki’s two moons. In some mysterious way, it felt almost as good to her as bathing in the water. And when she breathed, it felt like she inhaled their reflected light into her soul. Then, in a whisper that even she hardly heard, she admitted to the night, and to the moons, and to herself, “I love this. I love it all. I love the smell of smoke and blood.”

MILA’S REVENGE
The image of Mila, strangled and dead on the Collective ship’s cabin floor, haunted Tok. The Jenketty girl was so young and so beautiful that her death seemed like a terrible, terrible tragedy and waste. Mila’s youth, beauty, and vitality should have been celebrated, not desecrated. As Tok said to Dance, as it was for all Jenketty, sex was a gift to be given freely in joy and love. But the Collective monsters clawed Mila’s innocence and virtue from her. As the Lashiel on the Collective ship, the horrors she endured were beyond comprehension to Tok. And Tok was no stranger to death and killing herself. 
Tok’s mind was made up. What was done to Mila, an innocent Jenketty, deserved retribution by another more hardened, more deadly, Jenketty. The commander of the Collective ship, the only known survivor of the ship’s crew and the malefactor and perpetrator of Mila’s torture, had to die. But any death of the monster that either killed him swiftly or mercifully in any way was not an adequate response and punishment for the atrocity he committed. He had to die slowly, painfully, and without quarter, and Tok wanted to be the one to kill him. But she had no illusions that what she was doing was not some justifiable quasi-military operation. It was revenge. It was murder.
She had a hunch that the captain was a coward since he fled during their battle. Moreover, he was a coward of the worst kind; he had no compunction to send others to die to hide his own gutlessness. She thought that he might have found some secret hiding place, probably a crevice in the rocks somewhere, to avoid fighting himself. That seemed appropriate to her; he was a foul vermin stuck in the rocks someplace. But he probably watched Tok and her crew salvage his ship. And when they were done, he probably figured that it was safe for him to return there. 
Tok rode the mini-speeder to within a kinometter of the crash site. From there she stalked the captain on foot. 
With all the stealthiness, agility, and focus of a nocturnal hunting beast, she ran and jumped through the dense jungle without any effort. Her breathing was smooth and efficient. She was omniscient of everything around her at any moment. She was a hunting and killing machine on the attack, homing in on its target.
When she was within half a kinometter of the crash site, she climbed onto an outcropping and surveyed her surroundings. From there she saw the faint glow of a campfire at the crash site. “Got him!” she said to herself. “The idiot even put out a welcome sign for me.” She jumped down from the outcropping and stealthily ran on to the crash site.
The Collective captain, short, portly, not quite as crude looking compared to his dead crewmembers, sat by the tiny fire and ate a ration that he had hidden in his ship for just an eventuality. He tried to look and act calm, but he was, in fact, terrified. And he should have been. There he was, a coward in a dangerous situation pretending to be something he wasn’t. 
His large eyes darted from noise to noise that came from the bush just beyond his fire’s glow. But he was a pretentious lout, and he postured to make himself feel better, to feel more competent, and to not feel like he could die at any moment.
“Hm, this is not so bad,” he said. “Hm, I got a fire. I’ve got some rations. I even have a weapon.” He patted his blaster that laid next to him. “Hm, those Crown fools will probably leave tomorrow, and I’ll be done with them. Hm, yes, everything is fine. Hm.”
His attention was then immediately redirected to the jungle past the fire’s light in front of him. Branches broke, and leaves and brush rustled under some kind of pressure. He squinted his eyes and stared fruitlessly into the darkness. 
“Hm, probably just some animal,” he said, “Hm, that’s all.” But he did decide to get his blaster and hold onto it, just for security. He reached down to where he had just touched it last, but it was gone. With eyes glued straight ahead in terror, he moved his hand around and tried to find his weapon. His heart then sunk when he felt a blaster barrel poke him in the back of his head.
He bolted to his feet and turned around. There was Tok with his gun in her left hand and hers in her right. She held his up. “You looking for this?” she asked. “You know, one of the great features of Collective blasters is that they disassemble so easily for cleaning.” She flicked two small locking levers on his blaster with her thumb, and the weapon fell apart in a half-dozen chunks, totally useless.
“Hm, you’re the captain of that ship,” he said with a noticeable quiver in his voice. “Hm, wait, now that I see you I think I know who you are. What’s your name?” he asked.
“Barmer, Tok Barmer, the Captain of the Stella Avalon” she answered. “What’s your’s?”
“I am Sub-Committee Director Ozug Krikig, the commander of the Honorable Jor Dor Collective ship, Brute of Phaesite.”
She pointed to the derelict spaceship. “Oh, so that’s the name of this tub,” she said. “You know, it was a bad idea trying to fly it in the atmosphere. It’s not designed for that. Were you the one who came up with that idea?”
“My valiant crew are battle-hardened soldiers who would endure any challenge to serve me and the Collective.”
“You made a slight error there. What you meant to say was “My valiant crew WAS battle-hardened blah-blah-blah. They’re all dead, except you. And your ship is all busted up. This hasn’t worked out too well for you, has it?”
“The costs of battle are not measured in lives or equipment, but in honor,” he spouted off.
“So that would be a ‘no’ then,” Tok said. “Look, we’re both professionals here, so let’s drop the braggadocious hyperbole.” She aimed lower. “If you haven’t noticed, you are unarmed, and I have a blaster pointed right at your nards. All I have to do is pull the trigger and you’re all of a sudden singing soprano in the temple choir.”
“Hm, yes, I see what you mean. I feel, well, hm, woozy. May I sit back down?” he asked.
“Sure, no worries. I’m surprised woozy is all you’re feeling. I’m surprised you’re not shlitting bricks,” Tok said. “Relax. Take a load off. I’m going to make you a little deal. You see, I’m a privateer for the Crown. I not only do my own business as a smuggler and bounty hunter, but I do some work for the Navy of Margra on the side. I collect intelligence information for them. It usually costs them a pretty penny, but it’s a living. And to be honest, I don’t have any real grudge against you personally. You were doing your job too when you got in over your head by trying to fly your ship in the atmosphere when you really shouldn’t have.”
“Yes, hm, it was an unfortunate chain of affairs, to be sure,” he said.
At that point, Tok knew that, with her empathic talents and his weak mind, she could get him to talk willingly. He was defenseless. She continued. “I’m glad you see things my way. Tell you what, we’re going to have a little chat, and I’m going to record everything we talk about. I’m then going to take you as my prisoner and take you to Margra. They’ll question you more and probably put you in some prison, which, by the way, I hear are nice. You can then sit out any hostilities that may arise between the Crown and the Collective. You’ll be all safe and secure, no worse for wear. We’ll even sneak a message of some kind to someone on Jor Dor saying that you’re okay and for them to not wait up for dinner. Do you have a wife?”
“Hm, I do, but she’s a harpy. All she wants is for me to bring her things. Hm, and I think she hates me,” he said.
“I can’t imagine why,” Tok said. “So, how does everything I propose sound?” she asked.
He was resigned to his situation. “Hm, this is a shameful and dishonorable outcome.”
“But you’ll be alive,” Tok said, “and that’s worth something. Right?”
“Hm, I guess so. If I’m going to sell out the Collective, hm, at least I’ll be out of their way.”
“That’s the spirit. Good thinking.” Tok enabled the voice recorder function on a datapad she brought with her. “Let’s start with the basics. What’s your name again?”
“Hm, I am Sub-Committee Director Ozug Krikig, the commander of the Honorable Jor Dor Collective ship, Brute of Phaesite.”
“I gotta admit, that’s catchy,” she said. “And when did you become a Captain?”
“Hm, eight months ago. I was a second-level logistics administrator in the Army. One day a general marched into my office, hm, pointed his finger at me, and, hm, told me I was promoted to be a ship’s captain. Hm, I’d never done anything like that before, so I read a book on it and here I am.”
“Wow, that’s a tough break,” Tok said. “I feel for you, Ozug. That’s a difficult transition. Being a spacer is hard. Believe me, I know. Why did they do that? The collective always had privateers before. Why did they recruit a bunch of army regulars to be your crew?”
“Hm, because none of the mercenaries or smugglers, or anybody like you, in our space wanted to work for the Collective anymore. Hm, you all have prize money and riches untold. They just got a paycheck from the Collective, and it wasn't much. They all heard stories of how much money privateers in Crown space and the Frontier made. Hm, they all quit.”
“Isn’t the Collective afraid you all would cause some kind of provocation?” she asked.
“Hm, we aren’t allowed to go into Crown space. “So, we’d capture ships from planets in the Frontier, take their cargo, hm, and sell it to sources on other Frontier planets.”
“Didn’t you have to show results to the top brass on Jor Dor?”
“Hm, I fabricated reports of our actions. Hm, they never questioned anything.”
She then asked, “But what about everything you had in your cargo hold here? Where did all that come from?”
He said, “Hm, we intercepted a small passenger vessel in the space lane between Vaetis and Segawa in the Frontier. Hm, they put up a fight - they killed ten of my men - but we finally subdued them.”
Tok then had to steel herself to appear to have the same demeanor she had with Krikig all along. She didn’t want to spook him. “What about the girl?”
“Mila? She was a passenger on the ship. Hm, I was going to have her killed too, but, hm, she begged me not to. It is a right for a Jor Dor ship’s captain to take women as slaves, as lashiels for their ships. Hm, that’s what I did. She was a Jenketty, to be sure, a special prize. Hm, my men liked her, of course, and she served us well.”
“She must have been very brave,” Tok said.
“Hm, I guess so. She survived the crash. But the men were concerned that she was bad luck or something like that. Hm, so I killed her. Hm, she fought back, I must say. She died honorably.”
“I’m sure she did,” Tok said. “I think that’s all the questions I have for now.” She turned off the recorder and stood up before him. “You said she was a Jenketty?”
“Hm, yes, it was her blue hair. Hm, that’s how I knew. Hm, yes, Jenketty women are weak creatures. It was impressive, hm, that she put up any kind of a fight at all.”
Tok raised her blaster and pointed it directly at the captain's head. Startled, he looked up at her. She pulled her hood down and revealed her blue Jenketty hair. “Was her hair as blue as mine?"
"You're a Jenketty too?" the captain screamed. "NO! 
Tok mercilessly swung a roundhouse kick to the side of  Krikig’s head, and he fell over to the ground like a lump. He buried his face in the dirt and immediately cried and begged for mercy. 
“Please, please, please, don’t kill me!” he wailed. “I’m sorry for killing Mila, My crew made me do it, yeah, hm, that’s it, they made me do it. I didn’t mean to do it. I didn’t want to do it! I’m innocent, I tell you. I’m innocent.”
"You sniveling little pile of shlit. You don't know a damn thing about Jenketty women. We're all strong in our own ways. And I've got bad news for you; I'm the strongest of them all. I have no problem blasting Collective scum like you into tiny bits. But in your case, I have something special planned for you." 
Tok pounced on his back and smashed her knee in the middle between his shoulder blades. She then took the wire he used to strangle Mila out of her pocket and pulled his head up by his hair so he saw it. “Does this look familiar to you? Did she beg for mercy like you, you whining coward? When you showed her this garrote did she cry and whine like you? Tell me! Did she, you bastard?”
“No, no, she didn’t cry at all. She fought back and punched me and hit me. She was not afraid at all. She was no coward. Not like me. I’m a coward, yes, hm, I’m a sniveling coward just like you said I am. You can’t kill me. I’m not worth it. You wouldn’t want to kill someone as dishonorable as me. Besides, we made a deal. You told me after I told you everything you’d take me to Margra and put me in prison. Yes, hm, that’s what you said.”
With him prostrate face-down on the ground, Tok wound the wire around his neck twice. She then bent down and whispered in his ear. “I lied, you frocker. This is for Mila. This is for all Jenketty. This is for all women!” She reared back and violently pulled the two ends apart tight and tied them in a knot that would never release. She then stood up and watched the wretched worm writhe in anguish as he clawed at the wire pulled tight around his throat. And just before he died, he looked up at Tok. The last thing he saw was her staring back at him with a cold and unemotional glare. She yelled, “Die, you bastard. This is what you deserve. Die with no honor,” and spit in his face. And a few seconds later, he did.
Tok stood over his still, lifeless body and spit on him again. Then, after a quick cleaning job of anything important, instead of cooking the corpse, she left it to be eaten by the jungle’s wildlife, at their leisure, and in their own way. 
She then looked up into the heavens and said, “Mila, by the spirits of our ancestors … I have avenged you.”
 
At dawn, the Chief anxiously waited on the beach for Tok to get back to Stella on her mini-speeder. Dance came down the egress ramp and brought him a mug of hot covvee. “Here ya’ go, Chief. Cream and sugar, right?”
“That’s fine, thanks,” he said. “So, I guess it’s fair to say Tok took that young Jenketty girl’s treatment by the Jor Dor captain and crew, and her death, personally. Vengeance is a harsh motivator.”
“Yep, I suppose your right,” Dance said.
“He’s dead by now, if you ask me,” he said. “She’s always intense during combat, but I’ve seen her on a hunt before. It can be absolutely terrifying. I mean, she goes into beast mode and will not give up until the prey is caught or killed, or both. He doesn’t stand a chance.”
“That’s the way I see this coming down too. He’s a dead man,” said Dance, “and frankly, I wish I was with her. I wouldn’t mind taking some shots at him too.”
The Chief said, “Oh, there won’t be any shots taken. When she gets like this, it’s all hand-to-hand. There’s a side to Tok you haven’t seen yet. It doesn’t happen often, but when she gets like this, torture, as well as plain old gross cruelty, aren’t out of the question for her. But however she did it, it was cold.”
“And here she comes, I think,” Dance said. “What do you think she’ll say?”
“Very little,” he answered. 
Tok dismounted the speeder and walked directly to the egress ramp and up into the ship. She didn’t stop to converse with either of them, but instead uncharacteristically issued orders. “Chief, stow this speeder, then get the super-turbines hot. Dance, plot a course for the Navy shipyard at Margra. I’ll be in my cabin. Get us off this frocking rock, and the sooner the better.” Dance and the Chief exchanged a quick glance then rushed to fulfill Tok’s orders. 
Dance ran up the stairs to the flight deck level, entered the bridge and plopped into her navigator’s station. Already in his seat, Rory leaned over to her and asked, “Well? How’s she doing? Is she okay?”
“I guess so. She’s Tok. She’s been an open book with me, but not now. This is different. She’s pissed off to no end, and I think we all need to give her all the room she wants.”
“So, now what?” he asked. 
“We’re going home, that’s what. Captain’s orders.” She and Rory set their controls to lift off and leave Tanganaki. 
As soon as Rory flew Stella out into space, Dance set the routes to Margra. “Course is laid in. I've got green lights on the route plotter. We are free to navigate.”
“Roger that. I have green lights too,” he said. “You know, we’re only at 92% power. It’s going to take us eight days to get to Margra.”
Dance said, “That’s okay with me. I’m pooped. I’m going to spend most of the time in my bunk. Well, kick it, Rory.”
Rory chuckled a little at how Dance delivered her order. “Aye-aye, Captain Dance.”
That puzzled her. “What!?”
“Nothin’,” he said. “Let’s get out of here.” 
Rory pressed the execute command button on his console and Stella disappeared into the Deep Distance back to Margra, back to home. 

GOING HOME
For the first three days of the journey back to Margra, everyone kept to themselves, privately dealing with the battle on Tanganaki. Even Lina and Rory slept separately, which according to Cheeky was a rare occurrence. The Chief spent most of his time reading one of his antique hardcover bound paper books up in the dorsal turret. Just like Dance predicted, she crashed in her bunk and slept as she still recovered from the blaster shot to her hip and from the life or death fight with Gat Troggo.
No one bothered her; they all gave her the time and privacy she needed. That was until early in the morning on the fourth day. She was asleep with dreams of more comforting things. She had colorful visions of her walking in a long, white, cottony gown through a lush, green landscape. Filled with tall wild grass, it overlooked a sparkling villa on a crystal blue sea in the near distance. Her shining auburn hair was free of even its customary ponytail, and it flowed down her back and fanned out behind her. The fingertips on her outstretched arms gently skimmed the tops of the tall grass that surrounded her. It was an idyllic setting, one in which she even felt the warmth of the bright sun on her face, and the smell of a stinky foot in her nose.
Even in that dream stage of sleep, that didn't make any sense to her. Her subconscious struggled to solve the incongruity but couldn’t. She instinctively jerked her blanket up and shielded her face. Sensing that there was no apparent danger, she pulled the blanket back down to her nose and opened her eyes one at a time. There, right in her face was a little gray foot with wiggly toes.
“Beesa say lookie, lookie, lookie!”
Dance’s mind had no idea what had happened. “What? Huh? Beesa? Um, Dance say Beesa get your foot out of my face. Dance say she’s sleeping.” Then, like washing dust away with a bucket of water, the cloud in her mind suddenly disappeared. “Beesa! Dance say, um, what, how? BEESA! You’re awake and in my bunk … and you’re wiggling your toes!”
Beesa yelled happily. “YeeeeHeeee! YeeeeHeeee! Beesa wake up and feeling better. Cheeky say Beesa going to be fine. Beesa can’t run fast yet, but Beesa is sure he will.”
“Dance say that makes her very happy,” she said. “Dance is Beesa’s friend.”
“Beesa say me too. Cheeky say Beesa needs maybe one more med-mist treatment. Beesa then need more rest. Beesa will be running again soon, soon, soon!”
“Dance say that is wonderful. Dance also say … Beesa get his stinky feet out of her face!” She mercilessly poked the happy little creature in his tummy and made him laugh. 
“YeeeHeee, YeeeHeee!” The littlest member of the crew then hopped down off of Dance’s bunk and walked happily out of the bunkroom and all around the ship. “Beesa happy! Beesa happy!”

Tok stayed in her cabin the entire voyage. Even when Cheeky cooked a fresh pot of Jenkette chili and made sure its aroma found its way to Tok’s cabin, Tok never made an appearance.
On day eight, the Stella Avalon approached the Navy spaceport. Her crew was on the flight deck for the arrival.
Rory asked Dance, “Have you ever skippered a ship coming into space dock before?”
“A couple of times, but they were only small, three-person, training shuttles at the Academy,” she said.
The Chief walked up behind her in her navigation station seat, grabbed her under her arms, and effortlessly lifted her up and out of her seat and down into the captain’s seat. “You have the bridge, Dance.”
She was startled. “Um, wow, I didn’t expect this.”
Rory said, “We all talked about it. You earned your wings on this trip. Take us in, skipper.”
“I’m glad to see someone else stepping up. I get tired of ordering you clowns around.” It was Tok. She stood in the flight deck’s doorway with her arms folded across her chest as she leaned against the door frame.
Dance’s first instinct was to get out of the captain’s chair. “Tok, no, this is yours. I’m sorry.”
“Why are you apologizing? These knuckleheads are the ones who are committing mutiny. And I agree with them. You’ve done everything we could have ever expected of you. And we’re all thinking you’re as good a boatswain as you are a navigator. Take us in.”
Rory asked, “What’s it going to be, skipper?”
Dance turned around in the captain’s chair. It was an exciting opportunity. “Okay, let’s do this by the book then.” She quickly scanned her displays. “Bring us around to 7-5 by 6-2 by 7-5, primary. Thrusters on manual.”
Rory recited the commands back to her. “7-5 by 6-2 by 7-5, primary. Thrusters on manual. We’ve got visual.”
“Roger that,” she crisply replied. And after more commands and corrections, Dance and Rory brought Stella into the spaceport and landed her gently in a hanger.
“And you didn’t even scratch the paint,” said Tok. “Nicely done, both of you.”
“Thanks, Tok,” said Dance. “I certainly never expected that when I woke up this morning.”
“You did great,” said Rory. 
“Well, it helps that I had the best pilot in the entire kingdom at the helm,” she said.
“What? Only the kingdom?” he kidded. “You mean the entire galaxy.”
They each had a checklist of their own to secure the Stella Avalon before they disembarked to make room for the Navy technicians. It took a week to reset and prep the ship to be able to go out on another thirty day mission.
The most important task was that Tok transmitted the loot inventory record to her prize agent. Within an hour of their landing, the agent and her staff boarded Stella, confirmed the inventory record, and cut each of them a credit voucher for their share of the loot. It was only then that the loot was unloaded.
It was a good payday for a good haul. Dance had never before held that many credits in her hands. If nothing else, the life of a privateer for the Crown was lucrative.
Then, as the last function that needed to be performed, Tok made one last round of the ship to confirm the well-memorized checklists had been completed. And as was always the case with her well-trained and efficient crew, all was in order. They were then dismissed for one week. They would then head out on another patrol or some special mission.
The Chief made his way to the lower levels of the old spaceport city of Alon. There he spent his days and nights with his old Crown Navy cronies. They all drank way too much for their old age and their own good, and they told the same stories over and over again, along with a complete telling of the Chief’s latest adventure. But each time he returned and the gang gathered, there always seemed to be one or two fewer of them. Old spacers die just like anyone else. 
Lina and Rory went to Retilance, his home planet. Since Rory was a successful, daring spacer and smuggler, he was very popular in his hometown, especially with the ladies. Lina’s main job was to make sure all of them knew that Rory was not just taken, but guarded as well.
Crank and Cheeky treated the Stella Avalon like it was their own home. There seemed to be genuine affection between them, and their odd droid relationship was cute in its own weird way. They did everything any other couple did, from cute displays of affection to an occasional squabble.
And Beesa? Nobody knew for sure what Beesa did on his shore leave. Lina joked that he probably spent it running around the entire planet as many times as he could. All the planet’s subcontinents were connected by massive causeways, so there were several routes that it could be done on. In fact, he did actually do it once, so it was not out of the question for him to do it again. It took him only three hours flat.
It was Tok’s turn to leave. She changed from her armored jumpsuit to a more reasonable, less alarming, casual pair of slacks and a blouse. She liked to say she didn’t want to alarm all the “normals” in Margra. 
From the Navy base, she took a shuttle straight to the spaceport at Titron, the democratic constitutional monarchy’s capital city, the focal point of ten planetary systems. From the spaceport, she hailed a transit that took her to a tall apartment building on the south side of the city where more affluent government and military persons lived. She boarded a turbolift that took her to the 132nd floor. She turned left out of the lift to a nondescript doorway halfway down the softly lit hall. She knocked. When the door opened, she smiled broadly and happily at her host. All seemed normal. But once inside, she crashed herself into the arms of her lover: Calen Root. 
He was her greatest secret. Tok Barmer, a Jenketty with a notorious reputation of being the embodiment of Jenketty sexual power, had a human lover. But he was no ordinary lover, or an ordinary human for that matter. He had the strength and stamina equal to that of any Jenketty man. And with him, her production of Diaprox and Metabisol was always at its peak. 
They grabbed and clawed at each other’s clothes until they clamored in the middle of the room naked and raw. Calen then wrestled her over his shoulder and marched her into his bedroom. With an effortless heave, he tossed her into his bed and crawled up to her between her outstretched legs. She groped him and pulled him into her, and they frocked like deprived beasts in heat until the next morning.
Tok employed every frocking technique that she had ever learned as a Jenketty. She was a sexual athlete with inestimable skills. With her unbounded oral abilities and muscular control, and her unrelenting aggression, she was a sexual force without equal. No other Jenketty could do what she did, as fiercely as she did, for a long as she did. She was a force of nature.
Contrary to his sophisticated, erudite Navy officer front, with Tok, Calen was a fearless, muscular paramour with unmatched carnal force, strength, and stamina; just the way Tok liked it. And with his rock-solid, large manhood, he was the only man, Jenketty or non-Jenketty, who could wholly satisfy her. 
They were hardcore addicts of each other. There were never enough opportunities for them to frock. And when Tok was in port, they never pretended that there were. Only when she had to return to Jenkette did they not collide into each other violently as often as they could. 
Tok soon rolled over onto her hands and knees. She grabbed a pillow and shoved it onto her mouth to stifle her screams of ecstasy with every one of Calen’s powerful thrusts. She begged him to slam into her harder and harder as his sweat dripped down onto her back. Her hair, stringy from all the sweat and spit and wetness, was the deepest, most vibrant blue it had been in ages, since the last time they were together.
Finally, at the end of his pounding into her, after a few last slow, very deliberate and very deep drives into her, he erupted and filled her to overflowing. And she moaned loudly, very loudly, to the point that even the pillow didn’t hold the volume of her ecstasy back.   
In the morning, after the storm of raw carnality they shared had subsided, Tok and Calen had their own peculiar kind of pillow talk. Calen debriefed Tok of intelligence information she uncovered on Tanganaki. With her omnicomm and datapad in hand, Tok sat up naked in bed and reviewed  all of the details about how the Collective armed forces used army regulars as privateers. She then reached into her satchel and retrieved Mila’s personal holo-display and small hairbrush with faded blue hairs tangled in its bristles. Tok told Calen the story of Mila and asked if he could run a DNA search to find out who she was and who the man in the holo-image was. Calen, of course, agreed. 
Further out away from the glitz and glamor of the Royal city center was a more pedestrian, more moderate area where many of the low-level bureaucrats and lower level military officers lived. Mile after mile, huge nondescript apartment blocks lined every street and boulevard. That was where recently promoted Lieutenant Thad Dia lived. 
He had just finished a grueling four-day shift aboard his assigned vessel, the Royal Navy Vessel Obisidian, that was parked in an orbit around Margra. The Obisidian was an old ship that required constant repair and maintenance. It was hard work. But for crown and cosmos he did his duty, then was rotated back to the planet's surface. All he wanted then was to be left alone and allowed to sleep as much as he could until he had to return to the ship in four more days.
Buzz buzz buzz. The doorbell hummed obnoxiously.
Thad had been enjoying a dream with him and a new, delicious ensign who had recently been assigned to his unit. “What the frock….” Thad groaned to himself.
Buzz, buzz, buzz.
“Go away, whoever it is, I’m not home.”
Buzz, buzz, buzz.
He looked bleary-eyed at his chronometer; it said it was 2330 hours. “Who in the name of Noxu is at my door at this time of night?”
Buzz buzz buzz
He only had on pajamas but he figured that was enough just to see who the  moron was at his front door at that late time and send them away.
Buzz buzz buzz
“All right, hang on,” he yelled. “This better be good.” He turned on the entry viewer and saw only a hooded figure in front of the door. Because of the shadow the hood cast he couldn't see their face and had no idea who they were. 
“Who is it? What do you want?” He asked through the speaker.
 The mysterious shadowy figure then spoke. “Thad, it's me. Open the door.”
“And who are you? There have been a bunch of robberies in the next block to here. I’m not a moron who’d open his door for anyone. Besides, I have a blaster handy.”
“Oh, you’re right ... sorry.” The figure removed her hood. “Thad, it's me, Dance.”
Thad was shocked beyond belief. He was instantly jolted awake and alert. "Dance? Holy shlit!" He hurriedly input his security code into the door's keypad and the door slid open. But before he had a chance to greet her, she rushed him and grabbed his throat with her hand. She then pulled her knife and held it against the side of his neck. She then pushed him all the way back into his apartment and pinned him against a wall.
“Shut up, Thad. Just shut up,” she ordered.
“Hold on! You want me to shut up?” asked Thad. “First, you disappear into thin air from our graduation ceremony without a trace. I then get threatened by I'm guessing Navy Intelligence. You then show up at my door dressed like a space pirate which, by the way, is really hot, and you want me to shut up? Buffashlit! I’m thinking you have a lot of explaining to do.”
“I can’t, Thad. I can’t tell you anything.”
“Why not?”
“Because if I do and you go blabbing it to someone else, they’ll kill you, and probably the person you blabbed it to, too. Please, just listen to me for a second, and then I’ll back off.”
“Yeah, okay, but can you get the really big knife out of my neck?”
Dance released her grip on his throat and pulled the knife away from the side of his neck. “Oh, sorry. I’m kind of on edge. Do you have anything to drink?”
He answered, “Sure. Water? Juice?”
“No, Saverian Whiskey. I need a real drink,” she said. Thad poured her a glass of whiskey and they sat down at his dining table. She downed the whiskey in one slug. 
“So, what can you tell me, Dance? I’m guessing you have to be hush-hush about the details, but can you at least help me understand things better?”
“What did the intelligence agents tell you?”
“They told me that under some Navy order, Order Number 3589.77, or something like that, that you were to become a ghost to me. I was ordered to forget all about you. I wasn’t supposed to contact you, talk about you, or even acknowledge you existed.”
“And if you did?”
“They said that under that same order, they had the authority to … neutralize the security threat.”
“They’d kill you, Thad. That’s what they meant,” she said. “And I can assure you, it wouldn’t be neat and tidy.” 
“Yeah, I got that,” he said. “They were pretty hardcore dudes. Are you some kind of spy or something?’
“I can’t answer that. All I can say is that I’m doing something amazing, absolutely amazing. In the past month or so, I’ve done things you couldn’t even imagine. I’ve been assigned to an amazing ship; it’s everything I ever wanted. I’m part of an amazing crew with wonderful people. I’ve already been out the Deep Distance into the Frontier. I’ve been on a planet that’s a tropical paradise. I got into a blaster shoot-off where I beat the best shot in the quadrant. I kissed another woman.”
“Wait. What? Go back to that one, will you?” he said.
“Shut up, Thad. I’m on a roll.”
“Sorry.”
“We got into a ship to ship gun battle. I then went out into a jungle and got into guerilla fighting mode and shot four Collective army regulars. Then, I was blasted in my hip and almost killed, and I still was able to help an injured shipmate get back to safety. Then, all alone in the jungle, I fought the biggest Collective goon you could imagine hand-to-hand and killed him with his own knife.”
Thad pointed to her knife. “That one?”
“Yeah.”
“Can I hold it?”
“No.”
“Okay,” he sheepishly answered. “That’s all amazing. But what are you doing here?” he asked.
“I need something from you,” she said.
“Me? After all that, you need something from me? What can I possibly do for you?”
Dance stood up, grabbed Thad by his pajama top and almost dragged him into his bedroom. She then stripped off her clothes. “I am so amped up, so jazzed, so wired. I can’t shake it. Earlier today I realized the only way that I can get some of this nervousness out of me is that -- I can’t believe I’m saying this -- I need to frock like there’s no tomorrow.”
“Really?” Thad was stunned.
“And Thad, dear sweet stupid Thad, if you were good for anything, you liked to frock.”
“Really?” he said again, still stunned.
Already naked, Dance ripped Thad’s pajamas off and pushed onto his back in bed. “And I remember that you used to talk a pretty big game about your prowess as a lover, but I wasn’t much of a partner. Well, here’s your chance to prove me wrong, Thad. Here’s your chance to frock me as hard as you can. I want it. I need it. Give it to me … now!” 
Dance jumped up on Thad and straddled his primed and ready manhood. She smashed down on top of him and took control immediately. “Harder, Thad. I know you’ve got more in you than this.” For every thrust of his, she countered with an even harder plunge onto him. “It’s not good enough, Thad. I want more.”
“I’m trying the best I can, Dance.”
Dance searched herself and tried to figure out what to do to get the pleasure and release she craved. She thought what would Tok do? Then, out of nowhere (or was it?) inspiration hit her. She slowed down her action, she contained her crazed lust. “Okay, take it easy, Dance. Stay calm. You know what to do,” she said to herself. After she collected herself and took several deep breaths, she calmly bent down and kissed Thad sweetly and tenderly. “Shh. We’re going to change things up. Relax for a moment, Thad. You’re doing fine. I’ve experienced things already that are way beyond your thinking or feeling.”
“Like what?” he asked.
“Like that great sex is something to be given and shared, not taken … or forced.”
“Dance, you’re talking like you’re a Jenketty or something,” he said.
“I guess I am,” she said. That pleased her greatly. “Maybe I am a Jenketty. Isn’t that a wonderful thought? This may be an amazing night, Thad.” Dance was still on Thad with him in her, and she slowly, rhythmically rocked and moved on him to keep him primed and ready, but it was at a slow, soothing pace. 
She kissed him again. “Thad, I want you to try something with me. It will sound crazy, but I want you to trust me. Will you?”
Her calmness and serenity relaxed and soothed him.“Yes, I will. I trust you, Dance.”
She coached him peacefully and lovingly. “I want you to concentrate on one thing; I want you to look into my eyes. That’s all. I don’t want you to concern yourself about moving or pumping or filling me. And I don’t want you to worry about pleasing me. I’ll be fine. All you have to do is look into my eyes and trust me.”
Perhaps it was because Thad was emotionally and sexually guileless, or perhaps it was because Dance was emotionally and sexually more advanced than him, or maybe it was because of her and Tok’s small but powerful trist on Tanganaki, Dance’s empathy for Thad seemed somehow more real and powerful. It had substance and force.
She rocked until they got into a high-octane sexual groove together. “Thad, look into my eyes. Do you see my eyes?”
“Yes, I do. I’ve never noticed what beautiful eyes you have.” Thad pushed harder too, more in a sympathetic rhythm with Dance instead of just poking her. 
“Good, Thad. Just keep looking into my eyes and everything else will happen as it should.”
The two of them soon were in perfect rhythm with each other that grew in speed and intensity every second. Thad rammed her harder and faster. Dance matched every strong thrust with a downward push of her own.
Thad’s vision then changed. All he saw were Dance’s eyes and a cascade of bright colors all around them. “Something’s happening. I’m seeing things,” he said.
“Just concentrate on my eyes, Thad. Don’t take your eyes off of mine. I promise everything will be wonderful.” 
Sweat poured out of them both as they pushed and forced their young, strong, fit bodies to work harder and faster. Their moans and groans filled the air in his bedroom. But they never stopped looking into each other’s eyes. 
The two of them, perfectly connected and synchronized, soon reached climax together. Thad pushed into her one last time and held it in her. Dance clinched her muscles around him tightly. She erupted with an organism that was almost as intense as the one she had on the beach with Tok. Thad exploded in her in a huge stream. It was incredibly satisfying. 
It was done. Dance got her release. They both passed out.
When Thad woke up in the morning, it took him a minute to focus his eyes and his mind on his surroundings. He saw through a window that it was morning with a clear sky and bright sunshine. His memory about the night before was a little hazy though. He thought, “Did Dance and I really….Nah, we couldn't have.” He dismissed the idea that she was even there in the first place until he heard someone turn on the faucet in the kitchen. He jumped out of bed with his sheet wrapped around him and went to see. It was a shock, but there she was, dressed, with a glass of water at her lips.”
“Damn,” he said, “so it wasn’t a dream. You’re really here.”
“Yes, I am, but not for long,” she said. “I was hoping to slip out before you woke up.”
“How long did we frock last night?” he asked. “We did frock, didn’t we?”
“Yes, we did. And I’m not exactly sure, but about 45 minutes.”
“Why are you leaving? We at least need to go get breakfast or something.”
“We can’t do that, Thad.”
His mind finally cleared and everything they discussed came back to him. “You’re serious about everything you said you’ve done, aren't you?” he asked. “For a moment I thought all that was some kind of come-on or roleplay thing.”
“It wasn’t a come-on. Every bit of it was true,” she said. “Look, Thad, you need to understand something; when those agents threatened to kill you if you even mentioned my name to anyone, they weren’t kidding. You have to completely forget I exist.”
He said, “That’ll be hard to do after last night.”
“I understand, but you have to. You see, if you tell someone that you’ve seen me or talked to me, or even thought of me, if the agents from Navy Intelligence don’t kill you … I will. I swear, I will.”
“I believe you,” he admitted. “You know, it’s sad that you can’t tell anyone, even me, about you doing all the things you’ve always dreamt of doing.”
“Yeah, it is,” she said, “but that’s how things are sometimes. But the way I see it, I got to choose my destiny, and not too many people get to do that..” She kissed him one last time. “I have to go now. I wish you the best, Thad. I really, really do.”
“You too, Dance. Be careful.” 
“Good bye, Thad.”
“Good bye, Dance. I’ll miss you.”
It was a sweet and sincere and sad farewell. They kissed one more time.
And with that simple, final act of affection and respect, Dance opened the door, walked out, and left Thad’s life. 

   _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 


A PERSONAL TOUR
As the sun inched down past the western horizon of the Jenkette Sea, and the entire day slipped away into the evening, the villa and its veranda transitioned from being covered with bright sunshine to an indigo shroud. Dance and Sagun had long exchanged their covvee mugs for glasses of wine, and any constraints they felt about their behavior with each other gave way to an intimacy that felt natural and real.
Sagun was understandably astonished by Dance’s story. “It’s all so incredible. All that happened in the first couple of months of you being on Tok’s crew?”  
“That was just the first five weeks,” Dance said. “I went from being an idealistic, innocent, greenhorn ensign Academy graduate, ignorant of how the universe worked and who I was as a person, to who I was meant to be.”
He asked, “And what does that mean? You’re a complex woman. You’re strong and powerful. You are more self-aware and are more mature than anyone I’ve ever met.”
She said, “Sagun, I’ve tried to understand it myself ever since that night sitting on the beach on Tanganaki, and I’ve never gotten anywhere close. But I’ve never stopped trying.”
He said, “Maybe the answer is that you’ve always allowed yourself to continually evolve as an individual. Maybe it’s because you’ve always been generous with yourself to have an open mind.”
“Perhaps that’s it,” she said. “That’s as good an explanation as I’ve ever come up with.”
“Did Tok ever find out who Mila was?” Sagun asked.
“Yes, she did. If I remember correctly, her name was Mila Adlynn. Tok was right about her being a model for that women’s armor trunk show. She was only nineteen years old. The man was her grandfather. Tok visited him at his home and told him a bit of a fib. She told him that Mila died in a Jor Dor pirate raid in the Frontier, but she left out the details of how Mila was abused and tortured, and how she died. It seemed like the right thing to do. But she did tell him that Mila died honorably and bravely. That whole episode hurt Tok greatly. It did me too. I’m glad Tok did what she did to the Jor Dor Captain. If anyone deserved to die horribly and dishonorably, it was him.”
“What did you do on your shore leave?” he asked. 
“You mean after I attacked Thad? I went back to my family home in Ayrona. I had no place else to go, and I only had a week before we shipped out again. One week home to get Stella ready, then thirty to forty-five days out was pretty much the routine.
 It had been over a year since I’d been home, since my parents died. It was an odd juxtaposition. I went from being a spacer on a tropical planet light years away, having killed Collective soldiers and fighting one of them hand to hand to the death, back to a nice, clean, small house outside of Varmont.”
Sagun asked, “How would you describe your reaction when you first went in?”
“Neutral. I was neutral. I really didn’t have any feelings about it. My parents weren’t there. They were great, and they always made me feel welcome and happy to come home. It was always a fun reunion. But not that time. Like I said, I was neutral. Agents for Navy Intelligence changed all the deed information so that it didn’t appear I owned it. But it was mine, so I made the best of it. It needed a good cleaning and rearranging to make it, at least, feel like it was mine. 
Sagun saw that dragging up that memory was difficult for Dance. She had a blank look on her face: no expression, no detail, no focus. Her voice sounded weaker and duller. 
“We don’t have to talk about this,” he said. “I’m sorry I brought it up.”
She snapped herself back into focus and gently touched his knee with her hand. “No, no, it’s okay. It’s just that I haven’t thought about this in a long time. Anyway….” She took a drink of wine and continued. “It was all pretty normal stuff. I moved into what was my parents’ bedroom, and I removed some of the decorations that my mother put up. I gave some stuff to charity and bought some things I thought I’d like to have in there. We had a good payday on Stella from cleaning out the Jor Dor ship’s hold, and I could afford to do some shopping. I even bought a speeder bike. 
But, there was one room I avoided: my own bedroom, the one I had growing up. I’m not sure why, but I dreaded going in there. I finally couldn’t put it off; I needed some room to store some boxes. I opened the bedroom door and couldn’t go in at first. I stood in the doorway and stared in.” Tears welled up in her eyes. “And this is what I did then too, I stood and cried.”
Sagun moved over to sit next to her to maybe somehow comfort her. She immediately took his hand and held it tightly. “What did you see, Dance?” he asked.
“It was just like I left it. It was frilly and girly with cute little decorations. The furniture and blankets, even the paint on the walls, were all in white and pink and pastel yellow. The bedspread and pillow cases all had lace trim. It was cute, very cute. But after everything that happened to me during my time at the Academy and then on Tanganaki, it couldn’t have been more wrong. I left my home as a normal, typical, everyday girl to go to the Academy. But I returned something entirely different.”
She looked into Sagun’s eyes to somehow connect their souls. “It scared the hell out of me.”
“I’m sure it did,” he said. “You went through a big change in a short amount of time.”
“Yes, I did. And that night, I just stood out in the backyard with a bottle of shlitty wine in my hands and a couple of stims I had hidden in my bedroom when I was in high school, thinking I had gotten away with some heinous crime. I got drunk and stoned and stared up at the stars.”
“We’ve all done that at least once in our lives,” Sagun said. “I know I did.”
“It was as if I had to discover myself all over again. It was as if I had to paste together a new beingness for me. There was no doubt in my soul that I was then a whole new Dance Hollydon, but I wasn’t sure who she was yet. But there in my backyard, as I stared out into space, I did learn one thing about myself.”
“What’s that?” Sagun asked.
“I knew for sure where I belonged: in space. It was like this: Varmont was my hometown. My house in Varmont was my home base, at least at that time. But the Stella Avalon was my home, wherever it was. That never changed.”
He asked, “Did you have that same connection with any of the other ships you were assigned to or commanded?”
“Maybe PT-C 4. I liked the PTs, the Corvettes, but not like Stella. The Stella Avalon was a unique experience for me in every way, and it shaped everything about me. Does that make sense?”
“Yes, it does, very much,” Sagun said.
 Dance then stood up, held Sagun’s hand, and gently coaxed him to follow her. “Come with me. I have something to show you.”
After their spontaneous flirting earlier in the day, flirting that they both wanted and enjoyed, for the rest of the day, his responsibility to his job helped him rein in any thoughts about his host other than as a research subject. But as he took her hand and let her lead him deeper into her villa, he found that his attention to her was more personal and significant. 
She led him past her bedroom and guest rooms to her study. It was surprisingly drab with only the essential inventory of furniture: a desk and chair, some shelves, cabinets, two visitors chairs in front of the desk, a couch, and a small conference table. On a side wall, there were a number of plaques and commendations, all hung carefully and systematically. It was incongruous with the Admiral’s overt and colorful personality as he had seen it. It seemed stiff and boring, and she was nothing like that. 
Sagun said, “This office is not you at all. It’s dull, boring, very official, and if I’m not mistaken, Navy surplus.”
“That’s quite observant of you,” she said. “To me, an office like this was always a jail cell. I always wanted to be on a flight deck out on some mission. I know lots of officers who thought getting their own office was a sign of their accomplishments or a reward of some kind. To me they were a recognition that an officer was washed up. They were promoted out of useful service, not unlike some old ship reassigned out of combat duty to escort duty.”
“Do you feel like you’re washed up?” he asked.
“I don’t, but I think the Navy does. It’s been a year since my last ship command. Since then they’ve had me doing mostly ceremonial things or things like this with you. No offense.”
“None taken,” he said. “You’re a spacer, Dance. You always have been and you always will be.”
“Maybe I’ll find another ship to command someday,” she said. “Would you like to be my science officer? I know you have the credentials and training for it. You’re more than just a historian.”
“I think I’d like that,” he said. “As you said to Calen Root, ‘I'm in. Whatever it is, I'm in.’”
Dance winked at Sagun and smiled mischievously. “Consider it a done deal. I’m going to hold you to that.”
She walked around her desk and pressed a button hidden in the center drawer. With the clicking and whirring of electrical locks and gears, three of the walls opened into display cases of all kinds of weapons. It was her own private armory.
“I don’t drag these out very often anymore,” she said, “but since you're a guest, and I like you very much, I thought I’d show you some of my souvenirs.” She first pulled a couple of blasters off of their mounts. She handed one of them to him. “This is my Rad SB-67R Repeater Pistol.”
“The one the Chief gave to you?” Sagun asked.
“The same. And this….” she traded blasters with him, “is my Marcy-448. She’s still the best gun I’ve ever had. Were you ever trained on how to use a blaster? No offense, but being a historian doesn’t seem to put you in harm’s way too often.”
Sagun said, “No, it doesn’t, but I wish it did. They did train me to use one, and I enjoy it. I just don’t get the chance very often to rip off some rounds.” 
“Have you ever been in combat?” she asked.
“No, but I’m not afraid, if that’s what you're getting at.”
“I’m sure you’re not,” she said. “Maybe you need more training with a good coach.”
He read that invitation loud and clear. “I think that sounds like a great idea. Do you have anyone in mind?”
“As a matter of fact, I do. Maybe I’ll take you out in the woods and we can get in some target practice … among other things.”
“I’d like that,” he said.
“Me too,” said Dance. “Now, let’s try something. I know it’s getting dark, but aim outside of the window at some light out there, and just hold it.” Sagun extended his arm with the Marcy and aimed it at a tower light of some kind far outside the office’s window. Dance stood behind him and let her hands gently wrap around his waist, supposedly to steady herself while she looked over his shoulder to share his aim. Her mouth and lips almost touched his ear. “How does that feel?” she whispered.
“It feels light,” he said. “It wants to rise up, to float.”
She said, “It feels that way to you because it’s perfectly balanced for me. When I hold it, it only moves where I aim it. The Chief was the best weapons master I ever knew. He balanced and fit this gun for me thirty-plus years ago, and it’s still perfect.”
“It’s an amazing feeling,” Sagun said. “It feels powerful. All the other blasters I’ve ever handled seem crude by comparison. This is a piece of artwork, if that’s an appropriate way to describe a weapon.”
“That’s exactly how it feels,” she replied. Dance took the Marcy and aimed at the same light. Her stance was perfect, and her hand was steady and firm. “When I hold it, it feels perfectly natural in my hand. It feels like a part of me.” She dropped her aim and put the two blasters away. “I’ve been issued dozens of blasters in my life, and none of them have been anywhere close to being as good as my Marcy and my Rad.” She glanced over to Segun and smiled. “Is that silly?”
“Not at all,” he said. “I think it's amazing. And if I may be so bold, it’s sexier than hell.”
“Thank you,” she said. “I know you meant that as a compliment, and I certainly take it like that.” Dance then said, “Here. This is what I wanted you to see.” She walked to another display and found her most prized possession. “Now, this is a piece of artwork.” She pulled the forty centimetter long inscribed knife down off its mount, and with a fast, slicing motion removed it from its scabbard. As she brandished it in front of Sagun, she said, “I’ve always thought this was the most beautiful thing in the world.”
“Is that the knife you got off of … what was his name again?” Sagun asked.
“Gat Troggo, yes, this is it.” She stepped into the center of the room and went through a series of knife fighting moves, attacks, and parries. Her form was still flawless. “We go back a long way together. After I took this off of Troggo, it never left my side. Even when I went on to other assignments, and even as an admiral, I always wore it. And believe me, it came in handy many, many times.” She then spun in circles in front of Sagun several times, then stopped cold with the blade right at his throat. He didn’t twitch or budge a millimetter. The mischievous smile of hers he had gotten used to returned to her lovely lips. “Well, Lieutenant, that is impressive. I didn’t know you were so cool under duress. You can handle just about anything, can’t you?”
Sagun put his arm around her waist and pulled her to him. “I guess so. Does that surprise you?”
“Not at all. As a matter of fact, I’ve been confident that you can handle yourself quite well … in any situation.” She handed the knife to him.
He had no idea how to handle a knife, but he liked it too. “Just like the Marcy, it feels so powerful, like it could do anything you wanted it to do.”
Dance said, “Let me show you an attack move with it. I think you’ll like this.” She stood in front of and up against Sagun. He held onto the knife with his right hand, and she held onto his hand. “Let’s take this nice and slow. Just follow my lead.”
Dance and Sagun moved together as one through the moves. It started with a high motion that swept several times in both directions from side to side. Dance said, “That’s called The Soaring Makkiah. That was good, but we need to be closer.” She intertwined the fingers of their free left hands together and brought them across her stomach.
“That’s an, um, interesting technique,” said Sagun. He pulled her even closer to him.
“Is this too difficult for you? Am I going too fast?” she asked as she pushed herself against him harder.
“No, it’s fine,” he said. “I’d like more.”
“Good, me too,” she said. “This next move is called the Qxito Yahmet. It’s rather animated. Just follow me.”
Dance stepped around in a circle, like they danced a waltz, with Sagun attached to her. She swung his hand and the blade out in front of them, then twirled it over their heads, then slashed it in front of them in sweeps so fast Sagun heard the super-sharp blade hiss through the air. The knife master then spun herself around to face him with his hand across the small of her back. She then let herself be pinned by him against the edge of her desk, and the blade ended up flat against each other’s breasts between them with the point near their lips. Dance wrapped her legs around his at his knees and slowly raised them as if to monitor his approval of her forwardness. Not only did he approve but he pulled her closer to him. She felt his swollen and firm manhood against her as a final signal that he wanted more. And more he got when she brought her legs up higher and clutched herself against him.
“Um, you did that very well,” she said. 
With the knife’s steely blade between them and the point at their lips, and as their arms tightened around each other, she invitingly looked into his eyes. “Sagun, please, stay with me tonight. I’m sure you can tell I'm attracted to you. And I know you feel the same way about me too. I want to know everything about you, especially what your sexual prowess and practices are.”
“Everything, huh? What if there are things about me that surprise even you?” Sagun took Gat Troggo’s knife and placed it against her neck, hard enough that she felt its dangerous sharp edge on her skin.
She purred, “Oh, Sagun, that is exactly how I like it: rough, daring, hard, dangerous. By the stars, I thought you could be a great lover, but I had no idea you’d be so strong and forceful. I’m not used to a man being so aggressive with me. They always expect me to be the aggressor, the instigator. You’re surprising me, and if you’re intent was to turn me on, it worked.” She then reached down and wrapped her hands around his bulge in his slacks. “And it’s working on you too, I see.”
Sagun pulled the knife away and set it down. He then wrapped his hand around Dance’s hair and jerked her head back. He attacked her throat with a barrage of wild, wet kisses all up and down her neck. “You’re the most exciting woman I’ve ever known,” he said.
“You do know I’m trying to seduce you, don’t you?” she joked.
“And you do know I’m letting you," he said back. "And, by the way, Admiral Hollydon, you do realize we’re already in violation of a long list of Navy regulations, don’t you? There’s Section 78-12b: Officers Fraternizing. Then there’s Section 79-24g: Senior Officers Having Sexual Relations With Junior Officers. And the list is getting bigger.” He pushed himself against her harder, and put his hands on her rear and pulled her to him even tighter still.
“Oh! It sure is,” she said. “And I’m well aware of our regulatory responsibilities, Lieutenant Munro. But if I get my way, we can add Section 17-6a: Officers Out of Uniform to the list.” She turned his head so that their mouths met and their tongues reached for the other’s. She implored him, “Sagun, my beautiful Sagun, I want to be your lover, and more. I want to be a part of your life. And I want to teach you so many things.”
“Like how to fire a blaster?” he asked.
She kissed him again. “Yes, but more. As a Jenkette Devotee, I’ve been fully trained in the Ways of the Jenketty, all of our sexual practices. I can teach you how to be a more amazing lover than I’m sure you already are.”
He asked between her kisses on his mouth, “And what exactly is your Prowess, Dance?”
“I’m into anything you want, any way you want it, anytime you want it, and for however long you want it.” 
“And your practices?” he then asked.
She looked into his eyes and smiled mischievously. “My practices? Well, excuse my immodesty but … I excel at everything.”
“I see,” said Sagun. “I guess I’m in for quite a night, aren’t I?”
“Yes, indeed you are,” she replied.
After a very long and very passionate kiss, she asked, “Were you planning on interviewing me tomorrow?”.
“Yes, I was hoping to,” he said.
“Where were you going to stay tonight?”
“I have my clothes in a case in my speeder. I thought I would stay at a hotel here on Spirith Island someplace. But I think I have other plans now, don’t I?”
“Only if you want to,” she said.
“Oh, I do,” he said.”
“Good. That makes me very happy, and excited.” Dance kissed him again, harder, deeper, and hotter. Then, with one broad motion of her arms, she swept everything off of her desk onto the floor to make room. On her back with her legs spread, she asked, “And how long were these interviews going to last?” she asked.
Sagun grabbed at her tissue-thin clothing and ripped it all apart off of her body. until she was completely naked on her back in front of him. “As long as it takes,” he said. 
Dance raised and spread her legs, aimed him, and pulled him deep into her with a violent jerk. She gasped, then laughed. “Ah, I see. Well, in that case, I have lots of stories to tell you. Now, what I want you to do next is look deep into my eyes.”

THE END



