Tattoo My Heart
Heroes of Seaside Point, Book 1
By Mia Dymond




Copyright 2012 Mia Dymond
Published on Smashwords

Cover photo: Andrey Armyagov|Dreamstime.com

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to wherever you bought it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.



CHAPTER ONE


“No way in hell will I tell him she’s taking off her clothing.”
Sheriff Casey McIntyre paused with his hand on the knob of his best friend’s front door, immediately curious about Travis’ denial. 
Somewhere, someone was naked. 
“You don’t have a choice.” Casey raised an eyebrow at another man’s response. Dane Wright’s usual voice of reason held a little something more this time. Amusement, maybe. “He’s the only one who can stop her.”
He tilted his head back to gaze at the second story’s bedroom window – habit, he supposed – to see if the occupant just happened to be visible from the street. Not that she would be naked, but instead, making a quick get-a-way down the trellis. Stop her? Fat chance. Besides, the room was dark and the trellis, thorny. He snorted. Like thorns had ever stopped her before. 
“Even I wouldn’t attempt it.” 
That did it. As soon as Maverick Ryder’s admission drifted out the open bay window, ice water sprinted through Casey’s veins. Never in his life had he known his friend to turn down anything female. Throw in naked and Mav was a happy man. 
Still, that didn’t explain the subject of their conversation. 
Casey moved his gaze from the window, gave the door a sharp knock, stepped inside, and then paused at the abnormal silence. No grunts from a football game on television. No balls cracking as they smacked each other on the pool table. Oh, man. He could almost hear the beer bottles sweating. 
He frowned and walked through the house, his combat boots heavy with each step, convinced there was doom on the horizon. Once he stopped inside the den, the hair stood on the back of his neck. All three firemen sat quiet, not one of them even offering a simple hello. Yeah, someone was doomed.
Against his better judgment, Casey spoke first. “Everything okay here?”
Each one of them nodded, but still no conversation. He glanced at Dane, who tossed his cell phone from hand to hand like a hot potato.
“Important phone call?”
“You could say that.”
“Especially you,” Travis mumbled.
Casey slowly moved his gaze around the den, eyeing each of his friends with suspicion. Never in their twenty plus years of friendship had he ever known any of them to keep their mouths shut about anything. Something told him to turn around and sprint out the front door. 
His gaze finally speared Dane, daring him to speak. “Somebody better tell me what the hell’s going on.”
Dane finally exhaled hard. “There’s a disturbance at McGill’s. You drew the short straw.”
Oh, damn. Casey fought the urge to throttle his friend and forced an unemotional response. “I’m not on duty.”
Not one of them seemed to care but it was Dane who voiced the consensus. “You’re the sheriff. You’re always on duty.”
“I wasn’t here to draw,” Casey drawled.
“You snooze, you lose.” The other man shrugged. “We told you nine o’clock.”
Still not willing to go down without a fight, Casey glanced at his watch then back at Dane. “It’s eight forty five.”
“Doesn’t matter. You were last man in.”
Casey looked at Maverick and Travis, both braced against the pool table, arms folded across their chests. Normally, both of them were pretty easy to read. This time, however, nothing.
He squeezed the bridge of his nose. “Okay, let me have it.”
“You get to crash ladies night out.”
Casey’s insides trembled. No way did he have even a remote desire to break up a hen party. Not because they were most likely drunk out of their minds – hell, that could work to his advantage – but one thing stopped him. One five foot, two inch package of dynamite.
He opened his eyes and glared at Dane. “Your fiancée is there.”
Dane smirked. “I promised Vanessa I wouldn’t interfere.”
“Uh-huh. More like she threatened to cut you off if you did.” He directed his attention to Travis. “What about your sisters?”
Travis shrugged. “I learned the hard way.”
He glanced at his third friend, his last chance to pass the buck. “C’mon Mav, you live for this stuff.”
“Not this time.”
“Quit stalling, McIntyre.” Dane gave him a slap on the back. “Besides, you’re a big bad cop. They’ll listen to you.”
Casey smirked. “Since when does Annessa listen to me?”
The room fell deathly still. Casey swallowed hard and silently cursed the slip of his tongue. So much for denial. 
Sonuvabitch.
Dane raised an eyebrow. “Who said anything about Annessa?”
Casey ran a hand down the side of his jaw. “She’s there, right?”
Travis nodded. “Are my sisters ever not together? Annessa organized the whole thing. Strippers and all.”
Casey squeezed his eyes shut and groaned. Strippers? 
Damnittohell. 
Slowly he opened his eyes and attempted to try one more time to make sense of the situation. “And, why is it necessary to break up the party?”
Dane motioned to the front door. “You’ll find out soon enough. You have your cuffs?”
Casey opened his mouth to set them all straight and then met Travis’ don’t-even-think-about-my-sister-in-handcuffs glare. For half a second, that glare almost intimidated him. Almost. Too bad for old Travis, though, Casey found that possibility extremely arousing. If he managed to lock her to him nice and tight, maybe, just maybe, he’d have half a chance to spit out an explanation. R-i-i-ght.
He released a hard breath and pushed that ridiculous but hopeful thought to the side. No, once he locked her in cuffs she’d toss him that just-try-me smile, bat her baby soft eyelashes, and wrap him around her little finger. All without a single word. 
He took one look around the den again and silently tried to reason with himself. He was a cop, for God’s sake, an officer of the law. His past history with Annessa had nothing to do with arresting her – if it came to that – and she had no choice but to cooperate if he gave her an ultimatum. That thought caused him to bite his tongue. Idiot. Even as his hostage she would make him beg like a starved puppy. Especially since using Annessa and handcuffs in the same sentence caused some pretty dirty images in the depths of his brain. 
Okay, she might submit – but only long enough to find a way to make him regret ever thinking he could subdue her at all. 

Ten minutes later, Casey sat in his sleek, black, Chevrolet pick-up truck in the parking lot of McGill’s Sports Bar and Grill and listened to the sound of the idle while he contemplated his next move. He knew as soon as he stepped inside that building, things would go completely haywire. If they weren’t already.
He drummed his thumbs against the steering wheel and tossed ideas through his brain. Drunk women usually made him smile. Once alcohol warmed a woman’s veins, her lips loosened and pieces of clothing tended to peel right off. No doubt he could clean the place out with little effort, but once Annessa turned on him there would be no escape. He squeezed the steering wheel hard as reality threw a major kink in his plan. Since when had he become such a coward? He knew exactly when – seven years ago. 
He laid his head back against the seat and pushed the urge to surrender to the side. Seven years was a long time. The past was the past, water under the bridge and all that psychological bullshit. Not that he didn’t buy into that mantra; someone needed to convince Annessa. To her, seven years might as well have been yesterday. He raised his head and let a weak smile split his lips. No sense putting off the inevitable. Determined to face his fear once and for all, he slapped on his Aviators and left the safety of his truck. 
Once he stood just inside the door, he knew exactly why his friends sent him; he was the only one with half a chance at bringing order. The place swarmed with female bodies, several different shapes and sizes, all squeezed into clothing designed for a manhunt or the thought of one anyway. Loud, heavy rock music blared while women wiggled to the beat in various stages of undress, and what men he did see, sat at tables while throwing back beer. He didn’t blame them. No sober man in his right mind would even attempt to break up this party. Except one with a set of handcuffs and a gun. 
He paused a moment and allowed his gaze to sweep the room. A feminine mob crowded around the stage area, focused on a male stripper whose g-string was held in the grip of several bright fingernails. Rather than grateful, he looked panicked while bouncers attempted to untangle him without causing an all out riot. Casey actually felt sorry for the poor sap, even if he did bring it on himself. 
Now convinced he was stuck smack dab in the middle of a spinning tornado, he fisted his hands in an effort to remain calm and attempted to control his temper. He took several deep breaths. In through his mouth, out through his nose. His conscious balked; even his inner voice knew all he really wanted was to reach for the weapon tucked in his waistband and fire several shots into the air. Raunchy catcalls and obnoxious whistles caused his eardrums to vibrate, so much so that he was almost positive they would bleed before the end of the night. No way in hell would any one of these women give up without a fight. 
Casey shook his head and plowed his way past several groping hands before he finally managed to reach the bar. Blake McGill stood behind the beer taps, cornered like a rabbit.
“Where should we start?” Casey tossed his sunglasses to the counter and glanced around at the chaos. He would most likely need more than the bartender to control this crowd. 
“Probably there.” Blake motioned with his thumb. “She won’t come down.”
Casey moved his gaze over the thick packs of women until it stopped on the catwalk attached to the stage. Even in the dimly lit interior, there was no mistaking the main attraction. His tongue grew numb while he zeroed in on his target. The sight of pale pink panties and a barely there, matching, sad excuse for a bra made his cock twitch. Firm, creamy breasts spilled over the top, just a hint of dark nipples beneath. Curvy, lace-wrapped hips gyrated to music he couldn’t even hear at that exact moment. Smooth, tan legs twisted and turned, showcasing several views of a body that caused him to drool like a rabid dog. 
Annessa Dupree. The star of every single one of his wet dreams for the last seven years.
At least he hoped it was her.
He moved his gaze from her legs up to the curve of her left hip and let a satisfied smile split his lips at the sight of a small, red, heart-shaped tattoo peeking from beneath the strap of lace resting there. No doubt, she was Annessa. Unless Dane’s fiancée, Vanessa Dupree, had conquered her fear of needles, Annessa’s tattoo was the unique difference between the twins. 
Suddenly Dane’s taking-off-her-clothes comment made perfect sense.
“Uh, Casey.” Blake shoved his shoulder. “I have to shut this place down by two.”
She picked that exact moment to swivel her hips in a sexy turn and he caught a flash of something else. Something new. 
“That’s five hours from now.” His gaze remained super-glued to the ink on Annessa’s hip.
“Yes, but you know as well as I do you’ve got your hands full.”
He ignored the accuracy of the other man’s observation, still mesmerized by the sway of her hips. Five hours? No fucking way would he last that long. 
He exhaled a hard breath and forced himself to look away. “What the hell is she doing up there?”
Blake shrugged. “She said the stripper needed to learn by example.”
“Call Travis. I need back-up.”
Casey reigned in his libido and reached to adjust the bulge in his jeans just as Annessa bent at the waist then straightened to toss her head backwards. Her long, brunette hair cascaded down her back in waves, brushing the very enticing swell of her ass. His nerves shook as he took yet another deep breath, walked the short distance to her, and then wrapped a hand around one small ankle. The one attached to a foot slid into a bright red fuck me high heel shoe, open at the toe to tease him with her bright red toenails. What did she call them? Pumps? Sandals? Hell, he didn’t know. Didn’t really care. 
“C’mon, Ness baby, show’s over.”
She stopped moving and glanced down, her emerald gaze sleepy like a Siamese cat. “Says who?”
Casey tightened his grip. “Says me.”
Annessa cracked a sexy smile, one to match the aforementioned shoes, and his aching cock screamed. “Go away, Casey.”
He tightened his grip, taunted by the soft skin beneath his hands, tempted to slide his hand up the length of her leg and then drag her pink temptations off her hips downward until they left her body. “Make me.”
She simply shrugged and squatted to his level, seemingly unaffected that when she opened her thighs wide, her sweet-smelling center was now aligned with his face. So much so that one dip of his head would allow him a taste. His tongue tingled as he took an imaginary swipe. 
“You and I both know I can make you do whatever I want.” She pushed her hips closer to him and wet heat infiltrated his senses. The scent of undisputed aroused female. His cock sobbed like a baby, only halfway quieted when her soft fingertips traced the tattoo around his left biceps. 
“So sexy,” she murmured.
Holy Mary, Mother of God. Casey fought the raging beast inside that demanded he push those sweet little panties to the side and give her a thorough tongue lashing.
“Alcohol makes you brave, brat,” he said instead. “Come down here and I’ll take you home.”
Annessa closed her thighs and stood. “I’m not going anywhere with you.” She nudged his hand with her opposite shoe. “Let go.”
Casey’s control slipped. Hell, a man could only take so much. Without a second thought, he captured her foot in one hand, eased it toward his mouth, and dragged his tongue across the tops of her toes. She stood amazingly still and even more incredibly balanced as he pressed a kiss to all five digits and then lifted his head. 
“I said, it’s time to go home.”
His gaze never left hers while he squeezed her ankle tight and gave it a tug. Her eyes widened and a shriek left her pouty pink lips as she lost her balance and fell into his arms. While he still had the advantage of shock, he set her upright on the floor in front of him. He quickly unbuttoned his shirt, shrugged it from his shoulders, and draped it over hers. 
“Put it on.”
Obviously aggravated, Annessa jammed her arms through the sleeves. “What’s wrong, Casey? Afraid someone might like what you can’t have?”
He placed both hands on her shoulders and leaned close. “You offered it once, Annessa.”
“Once.” Hurt flashed in her hazy eyes and she wobbled to stay upright. “Never again.”
He smirked. Funny how she remembered that while intoxicated. “We’ll talk after you sleep this off.”
“No, we won’t. You’re going away, remember?”
Over her head, he glanced at the door and saw Travis barrel inside and head straight for the second sister. Suddenly he really wanted to fire his weapon. Both he and Travis had a fight on their hands; Casey, however, intended to win his. 
He released another heavy sigh to fill the void in conversation. Experience told him she was using silence to gather steam and if he even halfway attempted to distract her, she’d bring him to his knees like a whining puppy. A heated confrontation at that particular moment would be a total waste of time. 
He watched Travis wrestle Vanessa away from the stripper and hoped they might be able to join forces. Except just when he thought Travis had his sister corralled, things went sour. Somehow, Vanessa pulled off a pretty good bob-and-weave, slid out of her brother’s grip, and made a hard right turn into the hallway that led to the ladies room. Casey didn’t have to stand next to his best friend to hear the string of expletives that left his mouth. 
A red-faced Travis balled his fists, lunged at the bathroom door, and then stopped in mid-lunge. Casey’s mouth fell open when an arm shot from inside the darkened hallway and drug Travis from view. 
Oh. Hell. What the devil had gotten into these women tonight?
Casey looked back at Annessa, still unsteady but remarkably alert. He sighed and pulled his handcuffs from the small of his back.
Her eyes narrowed until they almost closed. “You wouldn’t.”
“I would.” Casey snapped one cuff around her left wrist and the other to his right. 
“I’m still not leaving.”
“Have it your way.” Well acquainted with her stubbornness, he snaked his arms around her waist and tossed her over his shoulder in a fireman’s hold, pausing only a second to move his weapon to his side. Sweat coated his palms at the touch of her delectable heart-shaped ass just beneath his touch and immediately a whole different kind of punishment crossed his mind. It would only take seconds to squeeze the firm globes, turn his head slightly to the left and plant a love bite in the middle of her smooth cheek. A surprise attack of that caliber would go much further than a simple spanking. 
“Put me down!” 
His back muscles tensed as she beat them with her free hand but he ignored her assault and walked to the exit, somewhat concerned about his best friend’s wellbeing. 
“I need quarters.” 
Annessa’s fists stilled as he ripped his thoughts back to his prisoner. “No more shots, angel.”
She gave a soft laugh. “No, silly.” 
His skin tingled when her fingers began to knead the tortured back muscles, lower and lower until her hand rested on his ass. For half a second in his sick, lust-cluttered mind, taking her home moved to number two on his to-do list. Taking her on the bar moved to number one. 
He almost laughed out loud, not because that wasn’t possible – oh, it was possible. And, in his current state of arousal, it would only take seconds to do the deed. However, when he finally buried himself inside her sweet little body, it would not be in a public place and it would take hours – or days – to satisfy his cravings. 
He froze when she squeezed tight. “I could probably bounce them off you.”
“Not tonight, Ness.” He glanced at the empty hallway again while he hoped to hell Annessa would pass out soon. From exhaustion or alcohol, he didn’t care. How in the name of God could he explain to Travis why his sister had her fingers squeezed around the muscles of his ass?
Luckily or not, Travis was still MIA and Annessa finally fell limp against him. Guilty, angry and relieved all at the same time, Casey stomped to the exit and tossed the bouncer an angry snarl as he shifted Annessa on his shoulder.
“Call the Sheriff’s Department,” he growled as he headed outside and stomped across the parking lot. He inhaled a deep breath of warm, night air as he opened the truck door, placed her onto the seat, and then dug the handcuff key from his pocket.
“Love you, Casey.” 
Her sleepy, alcohol-induced confession made him grin. She’d put up a good fight but as usual, she’d underestimated just how much she needed him. Not to mention how he’d pretty much do anything to prove his point. He released her metal restraint and pushed her to one side. Without resistance, she fell over and lay against the cool leather, out cold.

***

Travis breathed a sigh of relief when his hands hit the nearest wall, preventing him from falling flat on his ass, still not quite sure why he stumbled in the first place. 
“You can’t go in there.”
At the sound of a sultry, soft-spoken voice, he glanced down between his arms and noticed he now caged an all-too-familiar beautiful creature. A waterfall of long, black hair framed the fair-skinned beauty with sleepy, glazed eyes. 
“Verity? What the hell are you doing here?”
“Vanessa’s getting married.”
He lifted one hand and ran it through his hair, grinning at the hiccup and giggle that followed her response. “How much have you had to drink?”
She dismissed him with a wild wave of one dainty little hand. “Not much.”
He snickered at the next hiccup that left her mouth and ran his knuckles down the side of one smooth, porcelain cheek. “I think you’re mistaken.”
A soft sigh left her plump, pouty lips as she rested her head back against the wall and blinked several times in rapid succession as if she could clear the haze from her incredibly sexy midnight blue eyes. Eyes so blue they were almost black in the heat of passion. 
“In fact,” he said as he lowered his head, “I’d say you’re pretty drunk, Doc.”
Before he could stop himself, Travis pressed his lips to hers. Her eyes widened and he prepared for a struggle. Instead, she draped both arms around his neck and split his lips with her tongue. 
His cock hardened when a breathy moan left her throat and her full breasts caressed the surface of his chest. Out of desperate need, he moved his hands from the wall and slid them beneath her shirt to palm each one, plucking her peaked nipples with a thumb. 
“Travis, please.” 
Her whispered plea traveled the length of his dick as she thrust her breasts further into his touch. Suddenly, logic and promises evaporated into thin air. He smashed his hips against hers, aligning his greedy cock with what he knew to be a warm, wet treasure. Another whimper vibrated his lower lip and then she ground against him. Up and down, then side to side with some sort of cock-strangling hip roll thrown in. 
Sonuvafreakinbitch. 
His scalp tingled as her hands left her neck and tunneled in his hair, her fingers winding in the strands, pulling and squeezing with each lazy roll of her hips. Ah, damn, if he could find the strength to release her breasts, it would only take seconds to lower his zipper. And only a few more milliseconds to cram himself between her legs and take them both to Heaven.
Or hell.
His dick screamed in agony while he groaned out loud and gently separated their lips. “Verity baby, this is dangerous.”
“Don’t care.” Her hands left his neck to cup the bulge in his jeans. 
“You will tomorrow.” With his dick now cursing, he moved her hand to his mouth and pressed a kiss to the palm. 
“Fine,” she mumbled.
He straightened her top and motioned with his head at the ladies room door. “Is Van the only one in there?”
She nodded and swayed to the left. 
“Whoa.” He grasped her elbow and lowered her to the floor. “Sit right here.”
“That’s the ladies room.”
“Yeah, so?”
She placed both palms against the floor and attempted to move her legs underneath her to stand. “So, I’m a girl. I’ll go.”
Travis snickered. Girl? No, Dr. Verity Thomas might be female, but she was no girl. She was a full-blown, swallow-your-tongue incredibly beautiful woman. The one woman whose brilliant mind, as well as her amazingly sexy body, held his divine interest. And the one woman who insisted they keep their association quiet. 
He gave her shoulders a gentle push until her sweet little ass kissed the floor. “Then I’d have to carry you both out. Just make sure no one comes inside behind me.”
“Oh please.” She rolled her head to one side and snorted. He bit the side of his cheek to keep from grinning at the obvious alcoholic-induced noise. “I’m a doctor. I know how much I can drink before my body is affected.”
He squatted in front of her and took her chin in his hand. “Sweetheart, you might be the doctor, but take it from me, your body is definitely affected. And if you’ll tilt your eyes downward, you’ll see just how affected mine is at the thought of you losing control.”
Her gaze dropped to his pulsing hard-on, which only made matters worse. One look into her eyes told him she wanted it buried as deeply inside her as he wanted. Hell, he was sorely tempted to leave his sister in the bathroom and nail Verity right there in front. And, in his current state of mind it was a perfectly logical solution. Vanessa would never escape and he could test Verity’s theory of how much alcohol she could really handle. 
Except, she’d never forgive him for breaking his promise.
A soft sigh left her lips as she moved her gaze back to his. “Travis,” she murmured, “take me home.”



CHAPTER TWO


Annessa sat straight up in bed, a move that she immediately regretted when the room spun around her and several million hammers pounded the nerves in her skull. She moaned and eased back on the pillow with the covers over her head. Why on earth did she drink so much?
And how did she get home?
She opened her eyes and snuck a peek at her body. Pink bra and panties. Man’s white, cotton, button-down shirt …
Oh. No.
Fragments of last night’s events scurried around her fuzzy brain. A fifth shot of tequila. Dancing on the stage. Peeling off her clothing. Casey. Handcuffs.
Annessa moaned again.
“Long night?”
Doom made those stupid hammers pound harder when Casey’s smooth husky tone crept through the covers. Annessa squeezed her eyes closed and swallowed a wave of nausea just before the sheet left her face. She forced her eyes open to find him perched on the side of her bed wearing his trademark woman-eater grin, bare chested, his shoulder-length black hair damp and wavy. The strong aroma of coffee seeping from the mug he held was the only thing that saved his fine ass from hitting the floor.
“What are you doing here?”
“I brought you home.”
Her gaze chased a lone water droplet as it fell from the end of his hair to the top of one shoulder then down his chest until it disappeared, absorbed by the waistband of his jeans. Panic crept up her spine when she noticed the loosened top button of his pants. Very slowly she moved her head to study the pillow next to hers.
“I slept in my old room.”
Oddly, she didn’t know whether to feel relieved or disappointed by his confession. “Why?”
“Because I’m a nice guy, Annessa.”
She rolled her eyes. “So you say.”
He smirked and gestured at the mug with his head. “You want this?”
She sat up, stacked the pillows behind her, then reached forward to accept the warm remedy. She almost screamed when he moved the cup out of her touch. 
“Not so fast.”
She frowned. “Casey, my head is about to spin off my shoulders and I feel like somebody ran over me. Please give me the mug.”
“For a kiss.”
Annessa paused, sorely tempted to knock the cup from his hands, crawl on top of his muscled body, and kiss him breathless. Probably the best hangover cure in the world. 
“No,” she answered instead.
He raised an eyebrow. “Sure about that?”
Sure? No she wasn’t sure. Truth be told, she couldn’t really trust her line of thinking around him. Aggravated with both him and herself, she threw the covers from her body and stood in a huff – or tried to anyway. Unfortunately, her legs refused to cooperate and she was forced to grab his shoulder for support.
He shook his head, grasped her waist with his free hand, and eased her to sit on the edge of the bed. “How much did you drink last night?”
She managed to lift one corner of her mouth. Half a smile would just have to do. “A lot.”
He handed her the mug and she almost purred when the stiff coffee coated her taste buds.
“Why?” he asked.
She kept her lips pressed to the rim of the mug in an effort to stall. The answer was very simple, really. She needed to hide, desperate times called for desperate measures, and in her case that required major encouragement. However, that wasn’t any of Casey’s business.
Annessa swallowed a mouthful of coffee. “It was ladies night out. We were celebrating Vanessa’s engagement.”
“Yeah, from my viewpoint, you were having a pretty good time.”
She squinted one eye and tilted her head to one side. “Just what exactly did you see?”
True to his nature, he didn’t hold back. “In your exact words, a lot.” Same old Casey.
“Oh well.” She gave a resigned sigh as if the thought of him seeing her naked didn’t bother her in the least. “Nothing you haven’t seen before.”
She could’ve sworn she heard liar in his low chuckle and her already-touchy stomach fluttered as he tilted her chin with one finger. “Believe me Annessa, I definitely saw things I’ve never seen before.”
“Not my fault,” she mumbled.
“Do you remember anything about last night?”
Annessa groaned. “Not after I asked Blake for another shot of tequila.”
Casey raised one eyebrow. “I told you to say away from that stuff.”
“Exactly.” Mentally she planted her fingers in her ears and stuck her tongue out at him. Very rarely did she do anything he suggested, mostly to spite him. 
“You said some pretty interesting things.”
Annessa tried hard not to appear desperate to hear how big a fool she made of herself. “How so?”
“You asked me for a roll of quarters.”
She frowned and nodded. “For the shots.”
“No.” He chuckled again. “To bounce off my ass.”
Although not entirely sure she actually voiced that particular desire, she knew one hundred percent she thought it. Still, she wouldn’t admit anything. “You wish.”
“I could find a witness.”
“Fine. I believe you. What else?”
“You think my tattoo is sexy.”
Her mouth watered. The intricate black Celtic band wrapped his muscled left biceps like a rubber band. Inked against his tanned skin, the design drew attention to the power of his arms, a power she knew to be both suffocating and arousing. Sexy did not begin to describe it.
She licked her lips. “I vaguely remember handcuffs.”
Casey shrugged. “Public intox, indecent exposure, assault on a peace officer.”
“Yet I’m in my bed. Half naked, but in my bed.”
“Protect and serve that’s my motto.”
His additional shrug and smooth, sexy smile caused Annessa to bite the side of her cheek. “Anything else?”
“You told me you loved me.”
For about two milliseconds, she contemplated blaming her words on the alcohol. If she’d been as far gone as he claimed, he might actually buy it. Except when she stole a glance into Casey’s brown eyes, the sparkle there blew her fib into a million pieces. Besides, she knew for a fact those piercing eyes were equipped with x-ray vision.
Of course he knew the truth behind her confession. She’d loved him over half her life. 
After the sudden death of their parents, Travis had been left at the age of eighteen to raise his twin sisters, twelve years old, spoiled rotten, and on the verge of womanhood. And even after enlisting in the Army, Casey didn’t hesitate to step in and assume the role of surrogate brother. Love him? With every fiber of her being.
“I do love you, Casey. You’re part of my family.”
He loosened her fingers from the coffee cup and set it on the table beside the bed. “I think you and I both know there’s a whole different kind of love between us.”
“In your dreams.”
She prepared for another battle and seriously considered surrendering. Her head just wasn’t in it. Literally. 
“Tell me something, Annessa.”
“What now?” she mumbled.
“When did you add my name to your tattoo?”
She swallowed hard. He really did see something new last night. She swallowed again and then hoped for the best as her lie slid off her tongue. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
In two seconds flat, he lifted her makeshift gown up and over her hip. The scripted, black letters still graced the surface of her skin. C-A-S-E-Y still spelled love, no matter how hard she tried to deny it.
“Care to change your answer?”
She batted cobwebs from her brain and pressed herself to come up with something to distract him. Unfortunately, alcohol and her roaring hangover prevented her denial. Fine. 
“When I learned to shoot tequila.”
Another cocky smirk. “You don’t listen very well, do you?”
She moved her hands to cradle her aching head. “Apparently not.”
He stood and instantly she missed his warmth. She had half a mind to yank him back down beside her, curl up against his mountain of chest muscles, and sleep the day away. Then again, maybe the tequila was still toying with her brain. 
He tipped her chin with one finger. “I’ve got to go to work. I’ll check on you later.”
She watched him walk toward the doorway, totally mesmerized by the muscles rippling in his back as he moved. Then, as if he felt her stare, he turned and gave her a look of pure male appreciation. 
“By the way, Ness, you’re in every single one of my dreams.”
Annessa groaned and threw herself back against the pillows after Casey pulled the door closed. This was so not the way she anticipated her return. He wasn’t supposed to play hero, not this time.
She moved her slightly dizzy gaze around the pale yellow walls, meant to soothe her nerves. At least the house provided some small comfort, even if Casey had her nerves in tatters. In her very-carefully planned strategy, she flew into town under the radar, walked the aisle as Vanessa’s maid of honor, and then spent another couple weeks hiding out. Damn that tequila. Naturally he had come to her rescue and she wondered if her traitor of a subconscious hadn’t maneuvered the whole thing. 
She lifted the collar of Casey’s shirt to her nose and inhaled a deep breath. God, she missed him. Wild. Musky. Carefree. Many times in the past she had burrowed into the depths of his embrace, comforted by the familiar scent. Did he taste as good? What she wouldn’t give to press her lips to the hollow of his neck and suckle the skin there. Mark him with her own tattoo. Her thighs tightened. 
Stop, Annessa. 
She’d buried those feelings six feet under years ago. 
With a low groan, she rolled her head to the side and glanced at the clock. Eleven thirty. Vanessa expected her to meet for lunch in thirty minutes. Her stomach turned over. Maybe just a glass of Gingerale. 

***

Verity pinched the bridge of her nose and swallowed a wave of nausea while she tossed the last patient’s chart to the top of her desk and eased herself to sit in her chair. Drinking tequila last night had not been one of her brighter ideas. But oh wow it had been fun. She, Vanessa, and Annessa had made a pact: Since no one had any real experience with that particular kind of alcohol, all three would drink equal amounts. Problem was, after the third or fourth shot, they’d gotten separated and she had to wing it. She stopped counting after the sixth shot. 
She took a deep breath and rested her head against the back of her chair. She never did hold her alcohol well, as last night proved. Especially since she accosted Travis in the hallway near the ladies room. Stupid, stupid, stupid. 
But, oh so arousing.
She groaned when an electric tingle zapped her nerve endings and settled between her legs, causing her panties to dampen. The time she and Travis shared at least twice a week was something she wasn’t about to jeopardize. The fact he was so agreeable remained a mystery but … who cared? The man was extremely talented. 
She squeezed her legs together and wiggled deeper into the depths of her chair. Although they had shared several kisses, that one made her very, very needy. So much so that if the thought had crossed her mind, she would’ve passed out cold just so the sexy paramedic could’ve given her mouth to mouth resuscitation. God, his lips were soft. It took every ounce of willpower she had not to wrap herself around his warm, muscled body like a hungry python, tunnel her fingers through his short brown hair, and lose herself in his kiss. 
She wiggled again, vaguely aware of a vibration against her left hip. A small giggle escaped her lips when her thoughts willed that particular sensation closer to the vee of her legs. It wasn’t until the cell phone fell from her pocket that she realized that object caused the naughty turn of her thoughts. 
With a small sigh she flipped open the unit. “Verity Thomas.”
“What’s up, Doc?”
Her nerves began their familiar hum when Travis’ smooth, gentle teasing drifted over the line. 
“Perhaps I should ask you.”
The several seconds of silence that followed made her wonder if he hung up. ‘Travis?”
“I’m here.” He cleared his throat. “I didn’t expect that particular answer.”
She giggled, not surprised by the slip of her tongue. “I was just thinking about you.”
“Really?”
“Yes. Why does that surprise you?”
“You were passed out cold when I put you in bed.”
“Don’t remind me,” she mumbled.
“Do you remember anything that happened?”
“If you’re talking about jumping your bones outside the ladies room, I remember. Sorry about that by the way.”
Another silent pause caused her to frown. Perhaps her brazen behavior upset him more that she thought.
“I’m not,” he said finally.
Although his confession immensely relieved her, his slow, husky drawl accelerated the throb between her legs to a full-fledged pound. She uncrossed and then crossed her legs again.
“But we could’ve been caught,” he said softly.
“Yes.” She sighed. “Thank you for preventing that.”
“It wasn’t easy,” he murmured. “How do you feel?”
Extremely hot and bothered. She swallowed hard. “Not so great.”
“It might be a little late to warn you to steer clear of the Dupree twins.”
“Why? We had a great time.”
“I’m sure. Things like last night tend to happen a lot around them.”
“You mean because of the alcohol?”
“No, they hardly ever drink. But wherever they go, they make quite an impression. Especially together.”
She released a giggle. “You’re paranoid.”
“No, it’s true, I swear. Ask Casey.”
“Was he there last night?”
“Yeah. He dragged Annessa off the catwalk.”
“Annessa was on stage?”
“In true form.”
Verity groaned. If Annessa had been brave enough to dance, what else had she missed? Her stomach churned. “Um, I woke up dressed only in my underwear this morning.”
“Trust me, I’m the only one who knows that.”
“Did anyone see us?”
“In the hallway?”
“Yes.”
A short silence crossed the line and she began to prepare for damage control. Then again, how on earth could she explain away her fingers squeezed around his very long, very thick shaft? And if she had managed to stay upright, she knew for a fact she would’ve convinced him to bury that impressive anatomy deep inside her body. 
“Would that have been so bad?”
He had no idea just exactly how bad. “Travis—”
The low, husky snicker that interrupted only made her want him more. “It’s okay, Doc, no one saw you paw me.”
“I distinctly remember certain parts of you pawing me as well.”
“Our secret’s safe, I promise. Unless you let something slip before I got there.”
Oh brother. That possibility hadn’t even crossed her mind. Had she been so far out of her mind that she revealed the one secret she begged Travis to keep? She began to rewind the evening in her brain. She was positive nothing was said before the tequila warmed her veins. And after? No way. All three of them drank enough to erase the whole week from their brains. 
“No. Can you sneak away this evening?”
“Yeah. I asked Maverick to cover a couple of hours for me.”
“Good.” Another naughty thought flashed across her mind in vivid Technicolor. “In that case, I’ll make it up to you.”

***

Annessa managed to stumble into Luciano’s Italian Eatery forty-five minutes later with her head still reeling and her stomach very, very touchy. She felt a sick sense of satisfaction when she saw her sister slumped over the table, her head resting on her arms. 
“Sorry I’m late,” she mumbled as she took an opposite chair.
Vanessa lifted her head, her eyes shaded by dark sunglasses. “Not a problem,” she mumbled back. “God, I drank way too much last night.”
The waiter placed two glasses of water on the table and gave them both a curious glance. 
“Gingerale, two.” Annessa didn’t bother asking her sister about food. 
Obviously distressed by their appearance, he scurried away. 
“Pizza wasn’t the best choice,” Vanessa grumbled. 
“No,” Annessa agreed. “Where on earth did you get those glasses?”
“Dane. The sunlight speared my eyeballs.”
“What a guy,” she drawled. 
This time, the waiter returned with two more glasses and a sympathetic smile.
“Thank you,” Vanessa told him. She sucked down half before he left the table. 
Annessa took a long pull from her straw, somewhat comforted when the bubbles danced in her stomach. 
“So, Ness.” Vanessa peeled the shades from her eyes and laid them on the table. “Was I totally wasted, or did Casey help Travis crash the party last night?”
“Casey was there.” All six feet, four luscious inches of him. 
“Did you show him your tattoo?”
“No.”
“But he saw it.”
Annessa twirled the straw around in her glass. Damn that twin spidey-sense. Well, except when she used it. “What makes you so sure?”
“I do remember you shot tequila most of the night, mostly because I did too. And, dear sister, I wasn’t the twin dancing on the catwalk in my pretty pink french-cut bikini panties. Casey saw that tattoo.”
“Dane has ruined you.”
“Don’t change the subject.”
Okay, so her sister was almost right. “Yes, he saw it.”
“Last night?”
“Cripes, Van! Just stop at he saw it.”
“Nope.” She finished her drink and signaled their waiter. “I want details.”
Annessa waited to respond until after the waiter brought two more bubbling remedies. “He asked me when I added his name.”
“Not why?”
She paused at Vanessa’s question. Come to think of it, he hadn’t asked why. Cocky sucker. 
She shook her head in response. 
“And you said …?”
“When I learned to shoot tequila.”
Vanessa cackled like the Wicked Witch of the West and then choked on her Gingerale. 
“Touche.” Annessa handed her a napkin. “I was truthful, Van. That tattoo hurt like hell.”
“He saw it this morning, huh?”
Annessa frowned. “Did you come home last night?”
“No. Travis mentioned Casey stayed over.”
“Really? Travis, Tarzan himself, told you that?”
“Swear. I’m pretty sure he’s figured out the situation between you and Casey.”
Annessa scowled. “There is no situation between me and Casey.”
“Yet.”
“Never.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Seriously, been there, done that. Never again.”
“Uh-huh.”
“I’m too hung-over to argue. Can we talk about your wedding?”
“I want to ask you something first.” She gave her sister a hard glare. Vanessa must’ve read the warning signal in her eyes. “Not about Casey.”
“Okay, then what?”
“Have you ever thought about moving home?” She sighed. “I miss you terribly.”
For the very first time in a very long time, Annessa considered telling Vanessa the one deep, dark secret she buried in her heart. She was so homesick she couldn’t swallow without nausea crowding her stomach. Yet, she wasn’t entirely sure coming home would cure what ailed her. Especially now. 
“I miss you too but my career is in Los Angeles.”
Her sister slid a hand across the table and grasped hers. “I know you’ve worked hard to build your client base, Ness, but you could bring your career here. We’re not far from the coast.”
Annessa took a minute to consider her sister’s suggestion. Although Seaside Point, Georgia supported Vanessa’s bakery, the small town didn’t have much need for a wedding planner. However, Mourning Dove Harbor, the neighboring town approximately twenty minutes away, would offer prime opportunity. With her contacts in Los Angeles, she could probably book more than enough beach weddings to keep her busy and Vanessa wouldn’t hesitate to jump on board. There was just one small problem with that arrangement, or rather one large, sexy one. 
“Casey’s the sheriff now.”
“So?”
So, he’ll break my heart. “I need distance, Vanessa.”
“You can’t run forever,” her sister said softly. 
Annessa nodded, almost afraid to admit the truth in her sister’s words. She couldn’t run forever and frankly, she didn’t want to. Honestly, she was ready to face the heartache in her past; deal with it and move on. And after last night, she was pretty sure Casey was interested in discussing it. Except, there was now an even bigger obstacle. 
Funny how murder had a way of changing even the best intentions. 
“There’s a building for sale in Mourning Dove Harbor.” Vanessa searched the suitcase she called her purse and then slid a card across the red and white checked tablecloth. “The realtor’s a friend of mine.”
Annessa eyed the card like a venomous snake. 
“At least go look.”
She exhaled and took the card. “Okay, for you.”
Vanessa groaned. “I have to bake this afternoon.”
“What’s on the menu?”
“Chocolate fudge brownies.”
“I’ll do it.”
Her sister’s dull eyes finally brightened. “Are you sure?”
“Of course. I hold my liquor a whole lot better than you.”
“Thanks, Ness.” Vanessa’s cheeks began to color. “Dane promised me a nap.”
Annessa stood from the table. “But I need a favor.”
“Sure.”
“Since your eyes will be closed most of the afternoon, lend me the sunglasses.”
Vanessa pushed them toward her with one finger and gave her a sly grin. “I’ve already mixed the batter so you only have to pour and bake.”
She raised one eyebrow. “Something tells me I’ve been suckered.”
“You volunteered, sis.”
“You’re welcome.” She returned her twin’s grin and pushed the glasses on her face. “Is the alarm set?”
“No, do you still have your key?”
“Got it. I’ll call you when I’m done. Enjoy your nap.”

***

He rolled the ugly brown sedan to a stop outside the restaurant and attempted not to attract attention. 
“Cock-sucking one-horse town,” he grumbled. “Ricci didn’t mention anything like this.”
His partner shifted in the passenger seat. “Won’t be easy.”
He parked in a space several feet away, hoping to blend while he flicked a lighter and lit the nicotine cylinder between his lips. 
“What now?” The other man’s knee bounced with his usual anxiety. 
“We wait. I saw her walk in here earlier.”
“Are you sure she has the package?”
“Positive. Marcelli’s courier delivered it just before we took him out.”
“What’s so special about that damn bracelet anyway?”
“Family heirloom.”
“Come again?”
He released a hard sigh, not interested in delivering an explanation. Then again, the target hadn’t moved and they had to pass time somehow. “Apparently the elder Marcelli and old man Ricci had a thing for the same broad. The bracelet belonged to her.”
“We’re chasing her for a fucking bracelet?”
He grunted in response. 
“Did you get a visual on the target?”
“Can’t miss her. She’s a looker, that’s for sure. She’s not much over five feet, nice tight ass, full rack. Yeah, I’ll know the minute I see her.”
“Brunette?”
“Yeah, long wavy hair.”
“Sunglasses?”
“Yeah, Aviators.”
“Well then, she just walked out the door.”
He turned to see if his partner spotted the target, encouraged when he saw her. “That’s our girl.” He backed out of the parking space and idled until she walked down the block and turned the corner. 
“You know where she’s headed?”
“No.” 
He drove slowly, tracing her steps with all four tires. As soon as he rounded the corner, she stopped in front of the shop positioned there. 
“Too easy.” He grinned at the other man. “We’ll be outta here in a matter of minutes.”

***

Annessa left the restaurant, took one look at her rental car, and then decided to leave it behind. Despite the cobwebs that still clouded her brain, she managed to come to the conclusion that walking would still allow her to blend in with the Seaside locals. Comforted by the tinted lenses, she looked left then right, and then began a brisk walk to Sweet Treats. 
With each step, her shoulders ached with tension and her gaze swept the area. Other than a few new businesses, Seaside hadn’t changed much since her last visit and several familiar faces smiled as she passed. She inhaled a deep breath of fresh clean air and pushed calm through her veins. Home. The one place that provided peace, comfort, and safety. Maybe she would consider staying this time. 
She turned the corner and stopped to study her reflection in the large front window of Seaside Drug. Dressed in her white cotton shorts and pale pink tank top, her hair pulled back into a ponytail, she didn’t look much different than when she’d left to make a name for herself in Los Angeles. Young, innocent, ready to take on the world. Most people would be surprised to know she hadn’t lost those attributes. 
She tucked a wayward piece of hair back into her ponytail, intending to stop soul searching when movement in the reflection caught her attention. Annessa stood morbidly still while a brown sedan eased around the corner, just barely in her sight. One driver and one passenger, both male and not familiar. 
Her heart thumped and adrenaline gathered in her veins as she fought the instinct to sprint the remaining distance to Vanessa’s bakery. Instead, she waited to allow logic to harness fear. Running would only attract attention. She’d wait to see if the car came any closer and then slip inside the drugstore if necessary. Besides, the occupants were most likely just nosey tourists. 
Seconds felt like minutes as her gaze never left the window and her fists opened and closed with nervousness. She eased closer to the store’s entrance while the car inched toward her as if playing a game of chicken. Annessa bit her lip to keep from screaming while sweat droplets gathered on her brow. 
And then, just as her palm laid flat against the door, the car stopped and parked in front of the bookstore, four buildings down. 
Seizing an opportunity to escape, she entered Seaside Drug, walked the length of the store, and then exited the back door, giving Mr. Simpson, the pharmacist a smile and a wave on the way. Thank God he’d known her and her reputation since birth; he’d allowed her to use the exit several times when Casey and Travis were hot on her tail. 
Annessa braced herself against the alley door, swallowed hard to push her heart out of her throat, and tried to convince herself this was some sort of dream – one she’d awake from any minute. Yet, as her chest heaved with each breath and her brain spun from lack of oxygen, she knew without a doubt this was real; once again she’d managed to attract trouble. Surprise. Surprise. 
Very slowly she rolled her head to the left, relived to see an empty alley. Then to the right, equally grateful to see the same – nothing. Courage gathered in her veins. Time to get while the getting is good. 
She pushed off the door and took a few timid steps away from the building while she once again fought the urge to run. Shadow-jumping would probably get her there much faster. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly while she side-stepped into the shadows of the next doorway. Sweat gathered on her brow as she realized she was out of shadows. The remaining distance to the bakery was completely open and illuminated by the bright Georgia sun.
She moved her gaze around the area one last time, both relieved and nervous about the quiet atmosphere, while she wiped her sweaty palms on her shorts. Enough stalling. The baker stood only about twenty five yards away; the safety of the red and white canopy over the back door beckoned. 
Uneasiness climbed her vertebrae as she forced her feet in motion and she covered the first few yards, almost ready to crown herself insane. The sedan had parked a respectable distance away and no one burst from inside with guns-a-blazing. Still, her gut screamed trouble and Casey had practically engraved the words on her brain: Always follow your gut. 
Annessa groaned and picked up her pace, relieved when she passed a large, disgusting trash dumpster behind the florist, buzzing with flies and a few very large bumblebees. She stole a quick glance over her shoulder while her feet carried her forward. I’m still alone.
Lost in the eager desire to reach the bakery, she realized too late that all kinds of objects littered the alley – she had only half a second to throw out her hands before she hit the ground, her forehead bouncing off the dirt and gravel. Stunned but still very aware of her goal, she took a cursory look at the brick under her left foot before she scrambled to stand and forced her feet to move. A loud buzz tickled her left ear just before she felt pain in her left biceps. Damn bee.
Still in motion, she glanced at her arm, intent on yanking a stinger free. Instead, she discovered the flesh had been torn and blood rushed toward her fingers. 
Okay, so the insect missed her – the brick had obviously been larger than she thought. 
She pressed her free hand against the oozing wound and closed the distance to Sweet Treats in a full sprint. Screw control. 
Without a second look over her shoulder, she jammed the key into the lock, entered through the back door, and programmed the alarm to screech if anyone attempted to enter the store. 
No way in hell would she let them find her here. 
Annessa stepped to the sink, grabbed a handful of paper towels from a nearby dispenser, wiped the gash in her arm, and then frowned as blood continued to ooze. If possible, her heart began to beat even harder and threatened to exit her chest. No matter how hard she tried, it would be impossible to keep this a secret. She’d have to leave the bakery.
With lead feet, she went to the front of the store and gazed out the front windows. Tourists and locals alike walked the sidewalk. Familiar cars ambled by. No sight of the brown sedan. 
She glanced back at her arm and groaned at the nice baby pink color of the paper towels. With no other choice, she disarmed the protective siren, opened the door, and then re-set the silent watch dog. She left the bakery and headed across the street to the one person she hoped to hell could keep a secret. 

Annessa opened the door of Verity’s clinic, relieved when she found the waiting room empty. 
“Verity?”
She closed the door and tried to ignore the trail of blood making its way from beneath the paper towels and toward her elbow. Unfortunately, the steady stream of fluid forced her to pull a handful of tissues from a box on the reception counter and smash them against the wound while she hoped she could convince Verity it was just a scratch. 
She cursed under her breath as blood seeped through the tissues. This wouldn’t be easy, especially when she was sure someone held a hot iron against her arm. She knew the other woman all too well. Verity was a bloodhound – if she even suspected foul play, she’d call for back-up. Or worse, take matters into her own hands. 
“Looks painful.”
Annessa shrieked and spun around so quickly she lost her balance and stumbled against the counter, scraping her injured arm in the process. 
“Oh, ow!”
“Annessa, stand still.” Verity’s calm voice of reason soothed her panic as the other woman tugged the tissues from the wound. “What happened?”
“I fell in the alley.”
“Up.” Verity lifted Annessa’s hand over her head. “Less blood,” she explained while she led the way to an exam room. “Sit.”
Annessa barely had time to climb up onto the paper-covered exam table before Verity descended on her with cold wet cotton balls. 
“Geez, Verity,” she hissed as the doctor swabbed the wound.
“It’s full of dirt.”
“You could’ve warned me,” she mumbled. 
“Sorry.” Verity squeezed the wound several times and Annessa wasn’t entirely convinced she was sincere in her apology. “I’m going to have to stitch this.”
Annessa swallowed hard. “Are you sure?”
“Positive. What cut you?”
“I don’t know for sure. Probably a rock or something metal.”
“Try again.”
“Huh? I really don’t know, Verity, I was too distracted by the blood.”
Verity loaded a syringe with clear liquid then gave it a thump. “Take a deep breath.”
Annessa inhaled just as Verity jabbed the needle into her skin. Within seconds the pain became a dull ache. 
Verity drew back the needle and tossed it onto a nearby tray. “I can’t say for sure, but I’d say you’ve been shot, Annessa.”
“What? No I haven’t, I tripped over a brick and fell. I was just outside the back door of the bakery.”
Verity ripped open a package then removed something that resembled a fishing hook, complete with the line attached. “The edges of this wound resemble a burn.”
Suddenly, Annessa wasn’t in the mood to argue. Somehow deep down she knew bees didn’t buzz quite as loud as the one that whizzed past her ear. A low moan left her throat while her head swam and polka dots danced in her vision. 
“Lie back.” Verity propped the back end of the table into a makeshift chair then loaded another syringe. “This will help you relax.”
This time, Annessa didn’t even wince when the needle invaded her skin. 
“Now, I want the whole story.” Verity garnished the hook and began to sew.
“You gave me truth serum, didn’t you?”
Verity giggled and took another stitch. “Start talking.”
“You can’t tell anyone.”
“Technically, I’m supposed to report a bullet wound.”
A little more relaxed, Annessa still wasn’t prepared to give in. “Then, I don’t remember. I think I hit my head too.”
“You did.” Verity reached with her free hand to move the hair back from Annessa’s forehead. “The lump is pretty impressive but not enough to cause memory loss.”
“Promise, Verity.”
“Fine, I promise.” She returned her concentration to stitching. “Besides, you’re my patient – I’m sworn to secrecy by law.”
“Is the bullet in my arm?”
“No, my best guess is that it grazed your arm just enough to leave a wound to stitch. Were you running?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Someone is following me but I swear I didn’t see anyone.”
Verity poked the needle through another piece of skin then pulled the line taut while the whole sordid story left Annessa’s mouth. By the time she’d finished, Verity tied the last suture and taped a piece of gauze over the wound. 
“Why haven’t you told Casey?”
“Because I’m still not sure I’m in trouble.”
“Really? Even after this?”
“Okay, if I really have a bullet wound like you insist, I might reconsider.”
“If?”
“No offense, Verity, but I didn’t see anyone else in the alley and I didn’t hear any sound close to a gunshot.” Except for that annoying buzz in my ear. She ignored that possibility and continued. “All I know for sure is that I tripped on a brick and fell.”
Verity reached into a cabinet and then handed her a package. “Take one tablet every four hours. If your pain worsens or you see signs of infection, come see me. I’ll keep your secret – for now.”
“Thank you. I don’t want to worry my family. Van’s got enough to worry about and Travis would go ballistic.”
“What about Casey?”
“Don’t even go there, Verity. You know as well as I do that he’d lock me up.”
“You’re right.” Verity released a hard sigh. “Just please be careful, Annessa, and promise me you’ll tell Casey if anything else freaky happens.”
“I promise.”



CHAPTER THREE


Later that evening, Annessa sat on the sofa in the middle of her childhood living room with her arm throbbing and wondered where in the world things had gone so terribly wrong. She was a wedding planner, for Pete’s sake. Not exactly a dangerous occupation. 
Until last week. 
She tossed her head back against the sofa cushions and squeezed her eyes closed while she twisted the bracelet on her wrist round and round. She needed a game plan. A very good, very quick one.
First things first. She should call her boss. The poor woman was probably frantic right about now. Granted, Dorie Palmer had a flair for exaggeration but she always seemed sincere. Annessa opened her eyes and glanced at the cordless phone on the coffee table. Not an option. 
Her cell phone came to mind next and she quickly dispelled that notion also. Cell phones sent signals that could easily be tracked. She only carried it now for the address book. 
She rubbed both hands down her face. Maybe she should just bite the bullet and find Casey. No doubt the man would kick some major ass on her behalf. 
No. Not until she had no other choice. 
She stood and headed to the front door, determined to get to the bottom of things herself. She stopped only to shove a vial of pepper spray, a roll of quarters, and her cell phone deep in her pocket before she punched the lock on the door and slammed it behind her. 
Ten minutes later, she stood in front of an honest-to-God payphone at a real-live-full-service-gas-station and fed quarters into the hungry slot. Thank Jesus for small towns. 
She tapped one toe, dialed Los Angeles, and waited for her boss to answer. Anxiety muddled her brain until she heard the other woman’s voice. 
“Dorie, hi, it’s Annessa.”
“Annessa! Where are you? I’ve been worried sick!”
“Yeah, so sorry to run out on you like that. I had to leave town for some family business.”
“Is everything okay?”
“Yes, please don’t worry, I just might be gone awhile.” Hopefully not permanently.
“No worries. Take your time. I can call in the reserves if I need to.”
“Thanks, Dorie.”
“Oh, the Marcelli family asked for you. They were extremely pleased with the wedding. I gave Mr. Marcelli your cell number.”
The phone fell from Annessa’s grasp while her heart plummeted. Oh, God. She grabbed the phone cord, lifted the receiver back to her ear, and lied through her teeth. “Um, actually I don’t have my cell with me. I left it in my apartment.”
“Oh, well that explains why he was concerned he couldn’t reach you. When should I tell him to expect your call?”
“Give me at least a couple weeks. I should be back in Los Angeles by then.”
“Is there anything I can do for you?”
“No, thanks again, Dorie. I’ll see you when I get back.”
Annessa slammed down the phone. Damn, damn, damn, just … damn! Her head ached all over again and a shudder crossed her spine. 
Normally in a crisis such as this, she would run right into the arms of Casey McIntyre and stick out her tongue at the trouble that attempted to attack her. Without fail, he would welcome her into the depths, wrap her with his big, strapping muscled biceps, kiss the top of her head and chase away the evil. 
She released a hard sigh and squared her shoulders. Not this time. She glanced across the street, her gaze bouncing from McGill’s on the corner to Sue’s Diner, a couple of buildings down the block. Alcohol or pie. She groaned and headed toward Sue’s – only because alcohol would most definitely bring Casey. 
She pushed open the door, the bell overhead announcing her entrance. A petite blonde, not much taller than herself, almost skipped from the opposite end. 
“Hi! How many, honey?”
Annessa fought a threatened eye roll. “Just me.”
“Have a seat anywhere.” The waitress waved a hand in the air. “Not much activity right now.”
Annessa barely had time to cram herself into a corner booth when the woman was back, a glass of water and a roll of silverware in hand. “I’ve been meaning to stop in and introduce myself.”
Annessa swallowed hard, not quite sure how to respond. She didn’t recognize the woman in front of her and crossed her fingers and toes the lack of recognition was mutual. Luckily, she didn’t get a chance to speak. 
“I’m Cindy Perry. I just moved to Seaside last month and the whole town brags on your baking.” Cindy folded her arms across her chest. “And let me tell ya, your pies sell here like hotcakes.”
Annessa almost fainted with relief. This woman, who talked ninety miles to nothing, had mistaken her for Vanessa. Thank God for small favors. Maybe lying low wouldn’t be so hard after all. 
“I’m glad to hear it.” Annessa pushed her hair behind her ears and pushed herself into the very corner of the booth, as if she could hide in the shadows. 
“What a lovely bracelet!”
She glanced at her wrist and watched the diamonds twinkle in the light. “Thank you.”
“Can I get you a menu?”
“No thanks, Cindy.” Her mouth watered at the thought of Vanessa’s baking. “I think I’ll just have a piece of cherry pie.”
“Ice cream?”
“Of course. Vanilla, please.”
“Coming right up.”
Annessa took advantage of the small reprieve to look around the diner. Besides the two men who sat at a table across the room, the diner was empty. Suspicion invaded her brain. Tourists? Neither wore shorts or swim trunks, the usual attire of summer visitors to Seaside, nor did they appear red from lounging in the sun. She sunk lower in the booth and gave herself a mental shake. What did she expect? Armani suits and gold pinkie rings? She released a hard breath at her ridiculous thoughts and wiped a hand across her forehead. Cindy probably ran everyone off with her gift of gab. Obviously the woman was starved for attention. 
Sure enough, the chatterbox returned at lightning speed and set the pie in front of her. Annessa thought she was home free – the pie would soothe her nerves and give her time to think – until the waitress slipped in the seat opposite her. 
She fought the urge to spear her with a fork. 
“Are you related to Travis Dupree?”
She nodded. “Yes, he’s my brother.”
“Definite eye candy.” Cindy’s eyes sparkled. “In fact, the whole Fire Department seems to be pretty sweet.”
Annessa gave her a grin as she loaded her fork with a bite of dessert. “Seaside’s finest.”
“What about Sheriff McIntyre?”
Annessa stopped her fork halfway to her mouth. If she lowered it probably half an inch, she’d have perfect aim at a spot right between Cindy’s eyes. “I’m not related to him.” Thank God and my mother.
“He and Travis seem to be close.”
“Best friends since almost birth.” Her mouth watered as she opened and placed a piece of the crumbly crust on her tongue.
“Is he involved?”
Her nerves jumped beneath her skin. Something told her she and Cindy would not be BFFs. Slowly, she chewed and swallowed. 
“Yes,” she lied. 
The other woman sighed. “Too bad.” 
Annessa silently giggled like a two year old. Being bad was so much fun. Maybe now jabberjaws would back off. 
Unfortunately, Cindy continued to chatter like a magpie while Annessa shoveled the remaining dessert into her mouth. By the time she cleaned her plate, her head spun – from sugar overload or Cindy’s gift of gab, she didn’t know. Suddenly she wished she’d opted for McGill’s.
Although she knew it was rude, she finally interrupted when Cindy paused to take a breath. “Sorry, but I need to get home.” She scooted across the seat and then stood. “I’ve got to bake for tomorrow.” Might as well throw that in for good measure. 
“I totally understand.” Cindy stood from the booth.
“Can you just add that to my tab?”
The other woman blinked twice and then frowned. “Your tab?”
Annessa swallowed hard. Uh-oh. Obviously, that was a completely stupid request. She painted on a big, cheesy smile and giggled. “I’m kidding!”
“Oh!” Cindy chimed in with her own giggle. “Sue would kill me if I charged you for anything!”
“It was really nice to meet you,” she said as she headed to the door. “Drop by the bakery anytime. I could tell you several interesting stories about the Fire Department and Sheriff McIntyre.”
Annessa chuckled under her breath as she stepped outside. Let Vanessa deal with her. 

***

“Why the hell are we packed in this hallway like a couple of sardines?”
“Shut up,” he growled as he frantically searched his pockets.
“You left the pack in the car.” The other man leaned against the door to the john and frowned. “This is bullshit. Let’s just grab her. She just confirmed she has the package.”
“Okay smartass, what about the waitress?”
“Always room for one more.”
“No way. I didn’t bring a roll of duct tape and that broad talks too damn much.”
His partner’s face reddened. “So what now? It’s risky hanging out here. Do you think she made us? She seems interested we’re missing from the table.”
“Nah, she’s just nervous. Now shut your pie-hole before someone hears us.”
“Look, if we screw this up, it’s both our asses.”
“Don’t blow a gasket.” Damn, he needed a cigarette. “She looks like she’s ready to bolt. We’ll follow until she’s alone.”
“I’m not convinced that’s possible. These people are the nosiest damn people I’ve ever seen.”
“Piss ant town,” he grumbled. “They all know each other. That’s why she ran here.” He had to give her props. “Smart lady.”
“I don’t know, maybe we should go back to Los Angeles and wait. Nobody gives a damn there.”
“You gonna tell Ricci we can’t make the delivery?”
His partner’s face paled. “Hey, I’m just the muscle. This is your operation.”
“Okay then, we wait. We stalk her like a tiger hunts his prey. Sooner or later she’ll end up alone.”
“I’ll get the car.”
“No, dumbass!” Now he knew why he was in charge. “We can’t follow her in the car. There’s an exit out the back. We go on foot.”

***

Annessa stomped all the way back home, racking her brain for answers. The phone call to Dorie confirmed Marcelli was now looking for her and logic told her it was only a matter of time before he found her. Seaside Point was small, but was it small enough to hide her? She stole a quick glance over her shoulder, relieved when the street remained free of traffic. She snorted at her fear. A long black Cadillac with tinted, smoked-out windows and a license plate engraved with Gun for Hire would stand out like a sore thumb.
Funny thing was, the men at the diner still struck her curiosity. They just seemed out of place. Damn Casey and his never-take-anything-at-face-value speech; she’d heard it at least a thousand times since the age of thirteen. Yet, this time she couldn’t help but take it to heart. Tourists in Seaside Point were as common as wind in the surf; strangers were the man-eating sharks hidden in the depths of the waves.
It wasn’t until she stood on the welcome mat that she managed to put that particular worry out of her mind. She exhaled hard and reached for the doorknob. The locked one. 
She knew before she reached into her pocket that her keys were not in the depths. Calling for help was now officially her only option and her cell phone was her only lifeline. 
She exhaled again and dialed the fire department, relieved that Travis answered. 
“Travis, it’s me.” Annessa bit her bottom lip. “I need you to come let me back into the house.”
The curiosity in her brother’s voice was obvious. “What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”
“Uh … no.” Annessa squeezed her eyes closed. “I locked my keys inside.”
A long silence crossed the line. “Annessa, since when do you lock the door? This is Seaside Point for Christ’s sake.”
“I live in Los Angeles remember?” Annessa held her breath and hoped for once her brother would accept her excuse.
Travis exhaled a long breath. A family trait, obviously. “Okay, hang tight.”
Annessa pocketed her phone and glanced around the front yard, now enveloped in darkness. Tree leaves shook in the slight night wind. Street lamps decorated the neighborhood. There was a time she ran every street in town under a blanket of stars. Nightfall in Seaside Point never bothered her. Until now. 
She stuck one hand in her pocket and caressed the thin vial before she turned her back to the street and jiggled the doorknob one more time, just in case she’d been mistaken. Stupid thing wouldn’t budge. 
The sound of footsteps behind her caused her to freeze. She allowed herself a cursory glance at the street in her peripheral vision. Her brother’s truck wasn’t parked at the curb. Her mouth went dry at the unusual silence. Where were the locusts? And the neighbors? Mrs. Peters, with her supersonic hearing and unique brand of neighborhood watch, had lived next door all of Annessa’s twenty-four years. Normally, no one crossed the yard without an interrogation. In fact, any one in town would speak as they approached. Now extremely uneasy, she eased the vial from her pocket. 
With a sharp intake of breath, she spun around while her index finger pressed the spray nozzle of the liquid weapon and released a rush of the toxic substance. Right into the gorgeous eyes of Casey McIntyre.
“Damn! Point that thing somewhere else, Annessa!”
It was then she realized her finger was still positioned over the trigger. As her hand shook, the steady stream of poison doused him from eyebrows to thighs.
Casey fell to his knees, coughing and retching into the nearby bushes. 
“Oh God.” Annessa descended the steps with her feet barely touching. She tossed the vial to the ground, rushed to his side, and began to unbutton his uniform shirt. 
“Stop,” he spat.
She ignored him while she slid the shirt from his wide shoulders and off his bulky arms. Tears streamed from his eyes as she mopped them from his cheeks.
“Sonuvabitch!” Casey lifted his hands toward his face. 
“No!” Annessa swatted away his hands while she unclipped his cell phone from his belt and dialed.
“Travis,” she said into the phone, “where are you?”
“I sent Casey. He’s not there?”
Annessa balled her fists and willed herself not to scream. “He’s here, but I need you too.”
“What the hell is going on, Annessa?”
“I sprayed him with pepper spray!”
“You what?” 
“He snuck up on me. Consider this an emergency and bring whatever you need to treat him.”
“I’m on my way. Drag the hose from the side of the house and rinse him off.”
Annessa disconnected and fastened the phone back to Casey’s belt. “Don’t rub your eyes,” she told him as she stood. “I’ll be right back.”
She returned in seconds, garden hose in hand. She lowered herself to her knees and pointed the running water at his face. 
“I’m so sorry, Casey.” Annessa fought tears as she used her thumb and forefinger to open his left eye. Water coated the surface and he hissed. “One more.”
She repeated the process and then tossed the hose to the side. “Better?”
“Much,” he grunted. 
Red and blue lights flashed in the darkness as Travis parked an ambulance in front of the house.
“Oh hell.” Casey squeezed his eyes shut. 
“No, leave them open.” She allowed herself to relax somewhat when her brother bent next to him with a bottle. 
“What’s in there?”
Travis pried Casey’s eyes open one at a time. “Liquid antacid and water.” Travis blotted the skin underneath with a gauze pad. “She got you good. Stings like a bitch, huh?”
Casey answered with another grunt.
Travis cocked his head to one side and frowned at her. “What the hell possessed you to spray him?”
Although extremely guilty, she couldn’t help but be a little defensive. “You didn’t tell me you sent him, Travis. I expected you.”
“Since when do you carry pepper spray?”
“Since I started locking the door,” she snapped.
“At least it’s not a gun,” Casey croaked.
Travis helped Casey to stand. “Take him inside, Annessa. He needs a cold shower to remove the oil.”
She nodded and followed them to the front door. Travis unlocked the knob and motioned inside. “Watch him for the next couple hours. He’ll have to stay here. No way can he drive.” He flipped on the lights and then turned to Casey. “Can you radio in or do I need to?”
Casey lifted his reddened eyes. “Not sure I can explain this, but I will.”
Travis handed him the radio from his own belt. Casey reported to dispatch and then leaned one hip against the couch. “Thanks, Dupree, I’ll talk to you in the morning.”
Travis shook his head and then glanced at her. “Never a dull moment around you two.”
Annessa rolled her eyes, ready to throw her brother out, when he grabbed her arm. “What happened?”
She stifled a groan and attempted to dismiss his concern. “Just a scratch, Trav. I tripped and fell outside the bakery.”
He lifted an eyebrow. “The gauze is wet.” His eyes narrowed when he moved the saturated cotton. “Stitches? What the hell cut your arm?”
She stole a glance at Casey, who attempted to widen his eyes but failed. He squinted instead. 
“A rock, I think,” she answered. “I’m fine. Verity took care of me.”
Travis hesitated another few seconds and then seemed to accept her explanation. “You two play nice.”
Annessa waited until Travis left and the door closed completely before she re-locked the knob and threw the deadbolt. 
“Was that really necessary?” Casey’s husky toned warmed her blood.
She took a deep breath before she turned to face him, somewhat concerned that his skin was now reddening. “Habit I guess.”
He folded his muscled arms across his chest and nodded. “You’ve picked up quite a few new habits.”
She simply shrugged. 
He picked up her key ring and shook the attached canister. “Your vial is empty.”
“I have several others.”
“Why?”
Determined to distract him, she attempted to lighten the conversation. “A single girl can never be too careful these days.”
“I noticed you used my cell phone. Yours dead?” He braced himself on one hip against the back of the sofa. 
Thank you, Sheriff McIntyre, for that convenient excuse. “Yes.”
He eyed her for a moment, his chest rising and falling in a steady rhythm. She found herself sorely tempted to brace her palms against the smooth surface and count each breath. Maybe match each beat with a kiss on his lips. And then her gaze moved downward. 
“Take off your pants,” she murmured.
“Nice try, Ness, but no.”
She snapped her gaze from his groin and rolled her eyes in an attempt to explain away her blatant interest. “Your clothes are soaked. You need to keep the oil off your skin.”
His eyes flashed. “Your top is wet.”
She glanced at her chest, nipples peaked and reaching for Casey’s touch. Although she knew she should at least fold her arms across them to block his view, she didn’t want to. It was high time the sexy sheriff realized just exactly what he did to her. No wet t-shirt on earth could’ve caused a reaction this severe. And the water hadn’t dampened her panties either. 
“Maybe I need that cold shower worse than you.”
He remained propped against the sofa, still silent. Taking advantage, she stepped in front of him and placed her palms against his bare shoulders. His muscles jumped beneath her touch when she leaned to press her lips against his, lingering for only a second before lifting them. 
“I really am sorry, Casey.”
Her lips tingled from the short contact and her body threatened to combust. Yet, she left him standing there and headed to her bedroom to change clothes. That, and scream bloody murder from sexual frustration. 

Casey waited until Annessa swayed up the stairs and disappeared around the corner before he released a hard breath and popped the top button of his pants. His hard-on stretched and he reached to make an adjustment. 
Her kiss had caught him completely off guard. Well, not completely. The chemistry between them was enough to burn down the house and sooner or later one of them would’ve given in. And, Annessa wasn’t one to let an opportunity pass. The crafty little vixen knew exactly what she wanted and never hesitated to go after it. 
Casey dragged a hand across his forehead and fought the temptation to rub his burning eyes. Years ago he swore a silent, personal oath he wouldn’t act on his urge to have her but now there was no possible way to deny himself. He wanted her too badly. Craved her touch. Loved her. 
The only thing in his way now was Annessa herself. 
The history between them remained complicated. Hell, he threatened several of Annessa’s past boyfriends with bodily harm for even thinking about doing the things to her he planned. Yet, he trusted his reasons. Not for an easy lay, not for a cheap thrill, but because he ached to hold her, to love her, to prove she needed him as much as he needed her. 
Casey pushed himself off the sofa. Convincing Annessa to give him a chance wouldn’t be easy. In fact, she would make it ten times harder. 
He lowered his zipper and climbed the stairs. Maybe a cold shower would offer a solution. 

By the time several gallons of cold water doused his body, Casey felt a little better about the night’s events. His vision had gone from blurry to slightly cloudy and his skin now stung like a light sunburn. And, as long as Annessa didn’t so much as lay one tiny little finger on him, he might be able to control himself. Might being the operative word. 
Casey descended the stairs and headed for the kitchen, leaning on one hip against the wall next to the door when he stood outside. Annessa stood at the stove in the kitchen, her back to the doorway, her feminine curves covered only by a snug tank top and a pair of shorts. Although short, her legs did their part to taunt him. Very distracting, those legs. 
His mouth watered as her California tan crept from beneath her clothing to color her in a healthy, sexy glow. His thoughts jumped back to the bar. Most likely, Annessa sunbathed nude. 
Her hips swiveled while she stirred the pot on the stove and he fought to stay put. His cock jumped at the primal urge to bend her over the counter and mimic that motion. After several seconds of pure torture, he finally managed to push off the door frame, determined to focus on food. 
“Smells good.”
She screeched and her spoon hit the floor with a heavy splat. He picked it up and tossed it into the sink. 
“You sure are jumpy tonight.”
She gave a half smile and shrugged. “I’m usually alone.” She opened a nearby drawer and grabbed another spoon. “Tomato soup and grilled cheese. Are you hungry?”
Casey smiled as he nodded and sat at the kitchen table. “Your mom called that comfort food.”
“Yeah,” she agreed softly. 
“That’s why you’re home, for comfort?”
Her back straightened and the softness disappeared from her face. “No, I’m home to celebrate my sister’s engagement.”
He nodded again and then allowed her to turn away before he dropped the next bomb. 
“You used to let me comfort you, Ness.”
He waited patiently while she stirred the soup a couple more times and then placed the spoon next to the stove. She gave the stove knob a twist and then sat opposite him. 
“Spit it out, Casey.”
“You haven’t been home much.”
“I’ve been busy.”
“And now you’re not.”
“I told you. I wanted to be with Vanessa.”
“I’ll buy that.”
“Good.”
“Except, you left something out.”
“What?”
“You’ve avoided me.”
“No I haven’t.”
“Yes you have. Since the night I turned you away.”

Annessa swallowed hard, extremely careful to guard her reaction to Casey’s accusation. Partly to convince him she wasn’t hurt by his rejection, but mostly to protect her heart. 
“We were so close,” she said finally. 
Like brother and sister, yet not. The spark between them developed early and by the age of seventeen Annessa was head over heels in love. Once he enlisted, she tracked his leave, counting down days until he came home. They spent every waking minute together, talking, laughing, arguing until they were both exhausted. And, most nights she fell asleep to the sound of his voice. Always the knight in shining armor, Casey wrapped her in a blanket and carried her to bed, placing a soft kiss in the middle of her forehead as he tucked her in.
He sighed. “And then I screwed up.”
She cringed at the memory. 
Desperate to let him in on her secret, she planned the whole evening. Travis and Vanessa both had dates, leaving Annessa and Casey alone. After shopping the whole day, Annessa arrived home to an empty house and put her plan in action. She slid a silk, jade negligee onto her body, placed several strategically-lit candles around the bedroom and then slipped between the cool cotton sheets with her heart beating a jungle rhythm to wait for Casey. As soon as he opened the bedroom door and saw her in his bed, her world exploded. Rather than the steamy seduction she planned, he wrapped her in a blanket, kissed her forehead, and sent her to her own bed. Alone. 
Two days later, he left Seaside Point. He had crucified her when he stopped coming home. 
“Maybe it was for the best,” she said finally.
“I won’t apologize for what didn’t happen between us. You were seventeen years old.”
“So?” Annessa snorted. “First, I didn’t ask you to rape me. Second, seventeen is legal. I just wanted to know you felt the same about me. A simple kiss, a soft touch – anything would’ve been better than goodbye.”
“I couldn’t, Ness, I knew better. Once I put my hands on you, I never would’ve let go. You deserved your freedom to decide what you wanted.”
“I was so humiliated. I handed myself to you on silver platter and you tossed me to the side.”
“I wanted better for you.”
“What about what I wanted?”

Casey paused, almost ready to cave. He just couldn’t argue with those beautifully sparkling eyes, even though she almost had him backed into a corner. Her question didn’t surprise him. She had every right to expect him to give in. He always gave in. Except that once. “Travis would’ve killed me.”
“That is complete and utter bull, Casey.” She stood and pushed the chair back against the table, her desire to bolt readily apparent. “You were scared.”
“No.”
“Yes. Scared of commitment, scared of what you might actually feel for me.”
He stood and walked her backwards until her back pressed against the wall and his elbows rested on both sides of her head. “You’re absolutely right. I was terrified of how possessive I would become once I had you.”
“And now you’ve had a change of heart.”
“I wanted you then and I want you now. You’re mine, Annessa.” He lowered one hand to slide his fingers beneath her shorts and trace the lacy trim of material over one hip. “Your tattoo says so.”
“Laser surgery.” 
His blood sped through his veins and he fought the urge to kiss her into submission. She wanted him. Her body burnt him like a furnace and her sweet smell gave her away. 
“I won’t wait much longer, Ness. I know you’re stubborn but I’m willing to work through that.”
“I’m not stubborn.”
“Yeah.” Her breath hitched when he lowered his lips to the crook of her neck to nuzzle the soft skin there. “You are.”
A light moan left her lips and for a moment he anticipated her surrender. Her body softened against him, her curves molded to his hard edges. Then he felt pressure in the middle of his chest. 
He lifted his head as she pushed him back, freeing herself from his makeshift cage.
“It’s not the sex.” Her breasts lifted with each breath. “I get that. But you left me.”
He squeezed his eyes closed for half a second, trying to convince himself she would belief his half-baked excuse. “I was trying to do the right thing.”
He opened his eyes in time to see her turn her back and walk away, pausing only to cast him a tortured look over her shoulder. 
“Sucks for you, Sheriff McIntyre. You had your chance.”



CHAPTER FOUR


Early morning sunlight heated her cheeks as Annessa lay in bed, straining to hear movement in the house. Hiding, more or less. 
Last night’s confrontation with Casey left her raw and vulnerable and no matter how absolutely correct he was about her feelings, she wasn’t ready to admit that just yet. Goosebumps danced on her skin while his promise of possession echoed through her brain. Mine, he said. She lifted the covers and glanced at her tattoo. She would’ve never put that there if there was even a remote chance she’d settle for another man. 
And earlier when her bedroom door opened, she didn’t have to open her eyes to know he stood beside the bed. She felt his warm touch stroke the side of her face just before the slight pressure of his lips on hers threatened to pry her eyes open wide. Although insanely aroused, she feigned sleep to risk ruining the moment. 
She sighed as she sat up and reached for the bedside phone, amused by her sister’s breathless voice when she answered.
“Shouldn’t you be baking?”
The unmistakable rustle of sheets crossed the line. “Oh, hi Ness. I guess I overslept.”
“Yeah, you did. You need me to open up for you?”
“No. I was on my way a half hour ago but Dane just got off.”
Annessa couldn’t resist a jab. “I’ll bet he did.”
“No!” Vanessa’s hysterical giggle pierced her eardrum. “He just got home from work.”
“Did you sleep there?”
“I slipped in early this morning.”
“Gee Van,” she drawled, “I think you guys should just elope and get it over with.”
“I’d have to fire you.”
She gave a long sigh. “Well then, by all means proceed living in sin.”
“I heard you called an ambulance last night.”
Damn Travis. “Yeah.”
“Is Casey okay this morning?”
Guilt kicked her in the stomach. “I guess. I haven’t seen him yet.”
“He stayed with you last night.”
“Yes, in his old bedroom, in his old bed.”
Normal sisters would’ve taken her tone as a back-off warning, but not hers. No, Vanessa obviously had no intention of giving up. Suddenly she wasn’t so sure that Vanessa was the good twin. 
Especially when Vanessa continued to press. “Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why did he sleep alone?”
Another excuse lined up on Annessa’s tongue and then slid right off the tip. Even her own brain laughed at her attempt at denial. “I don’t know.”
She straightened her shoulders and waited for her sister to chide her for being so stupid. 
“Do you want to meet for lunch?” Vanessa asked instead.
“Sure.” Annessa released a sigh of relief. Too much soul-searching this early in the morning tended to make her bitchy. “I’m going over to Mourning Dove Harbor to look at the building.”
“Great!” 
She heard Vanessa shriek just before a male voice spoke into the phone. “She’ll see you later, Annessa.”
Annessa giggled at Dane’s dismissal as she hung up the phone and crawled out of bed. 

***

“That stuff’s gonna kill you.” His partner batted the air. “And me if you keep blowing smoke in my face.”
He continued to puff like a freight train on his third cigarette. “Stress.”
“You said this would be a quick snatch and grab.”
He glanced out the car window toward the house. “It will. We just have to wait for the right time.” His lungs wheezed with the next drag. “Think you can get her?”
“Not a problem. She’s tiny.”
He had to agree. Her size had nothing on his partner’s two hundred and fifty pounds. Excitement coursed through him when she left the house and entered her car. “She’s on the move.”
“And she’s alone.” His accomplice shifted to peer out the window. 
He smashed his cigarette in the ashtray and then shifted the car into drive. “Can you tell if she has the package?”
“No, she’s too quick.”
“Most broads would show it off.”
He snickered. “We both know she’s not most broads. Don’t worry, it won’t be long now.”
“So you say, again.”
“We just have to stay patient. Her luck is gonna run out soon, I can feel it.”

***

Annessa stopped at the last traffic light in town then turned the corner and headed down a two lane black topped road, glancing in her rearview mirror several times in the process. Once she confirmed no one followed, she allowed herself to relax for the moment. 
Secrets sucked.
She reached to turn up the air conditioner and released a long breath. Instinct told her she didn’t have much time before Casey’s confrontation. He respected her avoidance thus far but she knew full well her luck was running out. He was simply too smart and way too overprotective. Besides, the man could read her like a book. Always had. 
Annessa moved the vent her direction and then grasped the steering wheel with both hands when she heard a loud pop and the car gave an abrupt pull to the left. Sweat gathered on her forehead as she slowed and coasted to the side of the road. She glanced in her driver’s side mirror then took a cautious step from the car. One look at her left rear tire caused her to moan. Of course it had blown out. Fate was punishing her for keeping secrets. 
She looked at the tire again and then at her feet, nicely wrapped in three-inch stilettos. The nearest gas station was fifteen miles ahead, not a walk her feet would endure. She sighed and pressed the remote on her keys to open the trunk. She had no doubt she could change the tire herself. Casey and Travis made sure both she and Vanessa learned. Just not in heels. 
Her ankles wobbled as she lifted the tire from the trunk and then leaned it against the car. Once she freed the jack, she bent to loosen the lug nuts. After several minutes of twisting and turning, Annessa wanted to scream. Her wounded arm burned and the nuts wouldn’t budge, almost if someone had super glued them in place. 
She ran a hand across her forehead and thought seriously about dialing the cell phone in her purse but common sense stopped her. The less she used it, the less chance anyone could find her. She looked back at the tire. Damn thing would not get the best of her. 
Annessa molded the wrench back around the lug nuts and made one more adrenaline-filled attempt to loosen them. Her palms stung from the effort but still they wouldn’t move. She tossed the wrench to the ground and then cringed at the sound of crunching gravel. 
She snapped her head toward the sound and then groaned at the sight of a Seaside County Sheriff’s cruiser. Annessa silently cursed her sister. 
“Problem?” Casey stroke toward her, muscles bulging with each step. 
“No.” She grabbed the wrench and started all over. 
“Want some help?”
“No, thank you. I’ve got it.”
“Suit yourself.” He leaned against her car’s bumper with his ankles crossed and his arms folded over his chest. “What exactly are you doing on this road?”
“Driving to Mourning Dove Harbor. It’s a shortcut, remember?”
“Yeah, I do. I remember a whole lot about this particular route, Ness. Specifically about a half mile further and through the next clump of trees. Cody Barnes, wasn’t it?”
She ignored him and kept tugging on the bolts.
“If I recall correctly,” he continued, “I had to pull you from his truck and threaten to beat the hell out of him if I ever caught the two of you out here again.”
The tire iron stalled and she looked up at him. “I told you nothing happened.”
That panty-dampening smirk curved his lips. “So you say.”
“Whatever.” She struggled with the tie iron again, her hips jerking with the movement. 
“Hell, Annessa.” Casey grabbed her hands and the wrench, pulled her to stand, and braced her back against the car. “Do not bend over again.”
“How else am I supposed to change the tire?”
“You’re not.”
“Okay Mr. Cool, then what do you suggest?”
Casey dropped the wrench and then caged her with his arms. “I suggest you stop shaking that sexy little ass at me.”
Her eyes widened and she swallowed, not able to resist issuing a challenge. “Or else?”
“Or else I’ll pin you against the trunk of this car, mold your ass to my groin, and make you scream while I take you hard and fast.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah, oh.”
The utterly hungry look in his deep, dark eyes rendered her tongue-tied for once in her life. “I didn’t think – I mean, uh—”
“Don’t think.” He lowered his head and placed his lips to hers in an amazingly gentle kiss. His mouth devoured hers while he deepened his possession, his tongue easing her lips apart then sliding into her mouth to tangle with hers. 
She whimpered and wrapped her hands around his neck to pull him flush against her. His hands found her hips. Another desperate moan left her throat when she rubbed against the bulge between his legs. 
Her heart thumped so hard she worked overtime to pull air through her lungs. Finally, ah God, finally. Casey kissed her the way she dreamed. Just short of forever. 
When he finally lifted his lips, Annessa wasn’t quite sure she knew exactly where she was. All she knew for sure was that he tasted like pure desire and she wanted all he had to offer. 
He tucked a piece of wayward hair behind her ear. “You’ll be the death of me, Annessa Dupree.”
“Why?” she whispered. 
“You’re pure sin.”
“No. Why did you kiss me?”
“You didn’t want me to?”
“I asked once, Casey. You denied me.”
“That was seven years ago.” He smoothed a thumb across her lips. “I kissed you because I wanted to. I needed to.”
The devil perched on one shoulder urged her to leave him hungry. The angel on the other, though, told her to follow her heart. “Do it again.”
He released a growl deep in his throat and pressed his lips to hers a second time. Again, her heart beat a jungle rhythm and she fought to control her breathing. Her hands roamed the width of his shoulders, then down his chest to his stomach. Her palms met the tight muscles there and scoured the surface, absently grazing his groin in the process. Oh, my. What a discovery.
Casey ended the kiss and stepped back from her touch. “Dangerous move, sweetheart.”
“Sorry, I didn’t stop to think about who might see.”
He chuckled. “Honey, anyone who travels this road would wave and keep on going.”
She tilted her head to one side and considered his request.
Casey bent to grab the tire iron. “I refuse to take you on the back of a car on a public road in at least ninety degree weather. You’d pass out from the heat between us.”
She giggled. “Gotta love summer in Seaside.”
When he straightened, she stepped closer to him and moved her gaze down his body to his very apparent reaction. “Are you hot and bothered, Sheriff McIntyre?”
“Hell yeah.” He groaned as he grasped her shoulders and set her back from him. “Behave, Annessa. Let me change this tire.”
He squatted and began to wrestle the nuts loose from the wheel. 
“Were you following me?”
“No. Vanessa told me you had an appointment in Mourning Dove Harbor. I was on my way to take you to lunch.”
“I was supposed to meet my sister.”
“Dane changed her plans.”
“Dane? Or you?”
She noticed he didn’t answer as he straightened and held out his palm. “Keys.” 
She handed him the keys and watched him toss the tire into the truck and exchange it for the spare with little effort. Muscles tensed under the cotton of his uniform shirt when he lifted the spare onto the rim. His pants creased under his tight ass as he spun the tire into place. 
Annessa quickly glanced away, her blood boiling from sexual frustration. God, the man had sex appeal in spades. 
Her attention was momentarily distracted when a dirty brown sedan approached and hesitated just a moment before accelerating and driving past. Her spine tingled as recognition tickled her brain. That car looked a lot like the one she’d seen parked outside the drugstore. The same one she’d ditched like a scaredy cat. She ran a hand across her damp forehead and willed herself to relax. After all, she wasn’t alone this time and no one in his right mind would borrow trouble with Casey. Still, the driver’s lack of interest bothered her. Granted, the deliciously-hot cop had everything under control, but most locals would’ve stopped anyway. Obviously, the occupant of the vehicle wasn’t a local.
“There’s a nail in this tire.” 
Lost in thought, she jumped at the sound of Casey’s voice. She looked back to see he was now inspecting the tire in the trunk and joined him at the rear of the car.
“Where on earth would I have gotten a nail?”
He gave a lazy shrug. “Did you drive through any construction?”
“No.”
“It’s really not all that uncommon. Take it to Pete’s and have it patched.”
“Did you recognize that brown car that just drove by?”
“I didn’t see it. Why?”
“It just didn’t seem like it belonged here.”
“Did you get the plate?”
“No.” She shook her head as if she could dismiss her suspicion. “I guess I’ve just been gone awhile.”
He tilted his head to one side. “It spooked you.”
“Not really.”
“Did you see the occupants?”
“Only long enough to know there were two people inside who didn’t bother to stop.”
He released a husky laugh. “They probably figured I could handle the tire.”
“Of course.”
He studied her for a brief moment, heat still evident in the depths of his eyes. All of a sudden she was sorely tempted to let the air out of all four tires. 
“Are you okay this morning?” she said finally.
“You didn’t do too much damage.”
Although she knew he teased, another apology seemed out of place, for the pepper spray anyway. However, she needed to say something about last night. “I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“You don’t owe me an explanation, Ness, just don’t ever run from me.”
“I’m not.” Quite the opposite, actually. Under the circumstances, she needed him right beside her. 
“I kissed you goodbye this morning.”
“You did?”
He nodded while he cocked an eyebrow. “And you knew it.”
“You’re right, I did.” 
She prepared herself for another interrogation but instead, he smiled and slammed the trunk closed. 
“Okay, you’re good to go.”
“Actually, I think I’ll just head back into Seaside. We can have lunch there.”
“You don’t want to go to Mourning Dove Harbor?”
“It can wait. Can I borrow your phone to call the realtor?”
“Where’s yours?”
“Relax, I have it. It’s just dead.”
He unclipped his phone from his belt and handed it to her. “I think you need a new battery.”
“Maybe.” With shaky fingers, she punched buttons, spoke to the realtor, and then disconnected. “She’s going to pick up a cake from Vanessa this afternoon,” she said as she returned the phone to him, “she’ll leave me a key.”
He placed a hand to the small of her back and urged her to the front of the car. “I’ll follow you.”
“No funny business this time.”
“Hey, I only use lights and sirens when absolutely necessary.”
“Sure.”
Her mouth suddenly went dry when he folded his arms across his broad chest and smirked. “You were half naked.”
“I was not! You scared Cody to death.”
“Good.” He reached to open the car door and motioned her inside. “And don’t think I won’t hesitate to do it again.”
“No doubt in my mind,” she mumbled as he leaned in through the open door. 
His lips touched hers again in a small peck. “Buckle your seatbelt.”
Annessa rolled her eyes and tugged the belt across her body as he closed the door and walked back to his cruiser. Dear God, every step he took made her think sex.
She started the engine then pulled back onto the road, encouraged she had made the right decision to come home. The armor around her heart seemed to weaken and now running was no longer something she wanted to do. 
Until red and blue lights flashed in her rearview mirror. 
She clenched her teeth and pulled back onto the shoulder, seething as Casey approached. Irritated, she stabbed the window control to lower the pane. “What the hell are you doing?”
His smooth, easygoing chuckle only moved her body temperature from hot to scorching. “Easy, Tiger. Dispatch radioed and duty calls. Can I meet you at the house later tonight?”
She nodded, grossly relieved he wasn’t teasing her any longer. “Okay, I’ll see you then.”
She watched as he jogged back to his car, hit the siren, and sped past. Determined not to be left on the isolated road, she followed just far enough behind for him to keep her in his rearview mirror. 

***

He squeezed the steering wheel almost in two with one hand and lit another cigarette with the other as they drove behind the speeding bullet headed back to Seaside Point. 
His partner exhaled hard. “We should’ve known she wouldn’t be alone long. We should’ve grabbed her when we saw her pull over.”
“We’ve driven this road three times.” He pounded the wheel with one hand. “There was never any traffic, let alone a cop.”
“How come you didn’t know she hooked up with a cop?”
“Judging by that kiss, they hook up a lot,” he mumbled. “Ricci’s guy didn’t dig deep enough.” He let a snicker cross his lips. “To tell you the truth, I’m almost impressed. She’s full of surprises.”
“Impressed? Are you crazy?” The other man’s eyes widened until he thought they would pop from the sockets. “I’m telling you this woman is trouble with a capital T. The sooner we move in, the sooner we can be on a plan back to Los Angeles where we have the advantage.”
“Relax—”
“Hard to do when you’re driving ninety to nothing,” his partner spat.
“You worry worse than an old lady. Everything’s under control.”
“She’s hauling ass. Do you think she made us?”
“No, she’s dodging shadows.” He took a long drag of nicotine and glanced at his partner. “I say we give her a hint.”
“Finally.” The other man nodded. “You read my mind.”



CHAPTER FIVE


Annessa practically flew into Sweet Treats and threw herself into a chair in her sister’s shiny, chrome kitchen. That stupid brown sedan had followed her back to town – or tried to anyway. She’d managed to keep Casey’s pace and with the advantage of lights and sirens, she’d left the sedan behind in minutes. Ha! Yet, somehow her skill in evading the bad guy did little to ease her discomfort. 
“I need chocolate, Van,” she groaned. 
“Okay.” Vanessa opened the refrigerator. “Chocolate Éclair? Chocolate Lava Cake? German Chocolate Brownies? Chocolate Chip Cookies?”
“All of it.”
Vanessa shut the refrigerator door then leaned her back against it. “Did you have sex with Casey?”
Annessa’s eyes flew open. “How did you get that from I need chocolate?”
“Did you?”
“No. And thanks for ratting me out, by the way.”
“I thought maybe you’d like some company.”
“I had a flat tire.”
Her sister glanced at her feet. “Tell me you didn’t change it in those shoes.”
“I didn’t change it in these shoes.”
“Casey?”
“Yes. Fortunately, Sheriff McIntyre arrived in the nick of time.”
Vanessa giggled and moved to peer into the oven. “So that’s good, right?”
“Yes and no.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, he changed the tire, kissed me senseless, and then pulled me over.”
“For what?”
“Nothing. We were supposed to have lunch but he had to make a call. He’s coming to the house later tonight.”
“And then you’ll have sex.”
She groaned. “Why are you so obsessed with me and Casey having sex?”
Vanessa didn’t even try to appear apologetic for getting so personal. “Because you want to. I’m just the one saying it out loud.”
“Do I ever,” she mumbled. 
“I don’t see the problem.”
“He doesn’t.”
“Did he say that?”
“No. But I know.”
“I’m not convinced you know as much as you think.”
“Wanna bet?”
“I think I’ll take that bet.” Vanessa pulled on a mitt and pulled a baking pan from the oven. “You said he kissed you senseless this afternoon, right?”
“Yes.”
“He wouldn’t do that if he weren’t serious, Annessa. You and I both know that. Casey thinks about everything before he acts.”
“I think he just likes to tease me.”
“Really Annessa? Because if you think about it, he could have very easily taken advantage of you the night of my party.” Her sister slapped the pan against the counter to flatten the contents. “As much tequila as you drank, your thighs would’ve opened themselves. Casey wouldn’t have had to work hard at all.”
Annessa folded her arms across her chest and smirked. “Uncle.”
Before she endured the wrath of her sister’s continued interrogation, the bell over the front door announced a visitor.
“Hold that thought.” Vanessa rushed to the front of the store and returned with a massive bouquet of flowers and a grin that had suspicion all over it. 
“So,” she said as she placed the crystal vase on the baking counter, “I thought you said you didn’t have sex with Casey.”
“I didn’t.” Annessa stood and inhaled the sweet smell of the fragrant gift. “Dane spoils you rotten.”
“These aren’t for me.” Her sister’s eyes twinkled as she twirled a card between her fingers. “The envelope has your name on it.”
Annessa frowned and took the envelope. The only way Casey had time to order flowers was if he radioed the flower shop while he drove back to Seaside. She’d followed him – he hadn’t driven into town. Curious, she opened the envelope and read:
NICE TRY – I ALWAYS WIN AT HIDE AND SEEK
Annessa fought the urge to scream bloody murder. Obviously, she hadn’t hidden at all. Someone followed closely. Too closely. 
“Well?” Vanessa shrieked.
Annessa worked hard to keep the tremble from her voice while she stuffed the card into her skirt pocket. “They’re not from Casey, Van.”
“Then who?”
She took a deep breath and shoved fear from her body. Please, oh please, don’t let Vanessa see right through me this time. “A client. Thanking me for services.”
Vanessa moved the vase to the sink and turned on the water. “They’re beautiful.”
“Who delivered them?”
Her sister shrugged. “I don’t know. They were left on the counter with the card tucked inside.” Vanessa set the vase back on the counter and widened her eyes. “Is this a male client?”
She managed a giggle to cover her nerves. “No.” She pointed at the warm cookies on the baking sheet. “Are you going to share?”
“Of course.” 
Annessa breathed a sigh of relief that her sister was easily distracted and plucked the cookie from Vanessa’s grasp. “Oh God, Van,” she mumbled as she chewed the gooey dessert, “these are to-die-for.”
“What did you think of the building?”
She swallowed as her muscles tensed again. “I didn’t go. Casey distracted me and then he got a call. We decided to get together tonight.”
“Ah.” Vanessa nodded, apparently satisfied with that explanation. “Travis won’t complete his shift until tomorrow evening.”
She broke another cookie in two and stretched the chocolate between both pieces. “Um, will you be home tonight?”
“No.” Vanessa gave her a wicked smile, one that told her she didn’t want to ask particulars. 
“Well then.” She stuffed one piece of cookie in her mouth, chewed and swallowed, grossly relieved of the opportunity to change the subject. “It looks like I have some free time. Shall we talk weddings?”

***

Later that evening, Casey stood behind the bushes in the front yard of the Dupree house and watched the slight warm breeze flip Annessa’s hair over her shoulder while she crammed a key into the front door lock. Still dressed in the short skirt and hooker heels from earlier, she worked the key back and forth and then mumbled a few choice words when it fell from her grip and clanged against the cement porch. 
Although he thoroughly enjoyed the view when she bent, he frowned when she retrieved the key ring and started the whole process over. Something just wasn’t right. 
He stepped from behind the bushes and cautiously approached the bottom step. “Annessa?”
Her blood-curdling scream pierced his eardrums as she spun to face him, the notorious vial aimed in defense. On instinct, he raised his arms to cover his face and peered over his elbows. 
“Casey!” She lowered the tube and clutched her chest. “You scared me!”
He climbed the remaining steps and pried the keys and pepper spray from her hands. “What’s your obsession with locking this door?”
Again, Annessa used her teeth to worry her bottom lip. “I guess I’ve been in the big city too long.”
He reached forward and took her hands in his. “You’re shaking.”
“You scared me,” she repeated.
“Enough.” He squeezed both her hands between his, careful not to wrench them in half as he led her to the porch swing and pushed her to sit. He sat next to her, determined to get answers. “Tell me what’s going on, Annessa.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re home, for one. Out of the blue. No explanation in tow.”
“I can’t come home without an invitation?”
“Sure.” He placed her hand on top of his thigh and covered it with his own. “That’s just not your usual m.o.”
“I needed a break. Things were getting a little tense.”
He nodded and chose his response carefully. “Normally you call.”
Her hand tightened on his thigh. “Yeah, well this time I didn’t,” she snapped. 
“You don’t use your cell much.”
“The battery is still dead.”
“I clocked you doing eighty five miles an hour on the way back to town this afternoon.”
“Then obviously you were driving faster,” she countered.
Casey tampered his impatience. Stubborn woman. He moved his hand to tip her chin with one finger and gave her a hard stare. “We don’t have secrets, Ness. Tell me what the hell you ran from.”

As soon as Casey’s dark chocolate gaze met hers, Annessa knew there was absolutely no way to distract him. Zip. Nada. None. And damn it, the very clear concern within the depths crumbled her very carefully placed walls. 
“I think I’m being followed.”
“You think?”
“Okay, I know.”
A muscle ticked at the base of his jaw, a sure sign that he waited for her to elaborate. With the absolute truth. 
“Two weeks ago, I directed Anthony Marcelli’s daughter’s wedding. The account was originally Dorie’s but she asked me to fill in at the last minute.”
Casey continued to sit silent, the only motion between them the gentle sway of the aged swing.
“You know who Marcelli is, right?”
“I’ve heard.”
Annessa snorted. Who hadn’t heard of the notorious international businessman? Of course, rumored mob ties probably had something to do with his popularity.
“The guest list turned up one person short.”
He cleared his throat, obviously now convinced her suspicion may be warranted. “Explain.”
“I witnessed a murder.” Her mind flashed back to what was supposed to be a routine assignment. Attend the wedding, keep the party organized, pacify the family and then leave. 
She threw her head into her hands and groaned. “If the best man had managed to keep his pants zipped, I would’ve never been in the dark hallway. And if his conquest had not been the third bridesmaid, I wouldn’t have even bothered interrupting the rendezvous. Unfortunately, I found them in time to redress and walk the aisle. Except in the process, she left her bouquet behind. In the three seconds it took me to retrieve the flowers I spotted three men in a side room, one of them sprawled on the floor, another tucked a gun into the side of his waistcoat, and one frisked the body.”
“You’re sure?”
“Positive.”
“Did anyone speak to you?”
“No. I don’t even know if they saw me. I ran from the scene, out the front door of the church, and straight to Seaside.”
Annessa couldn’t stop her body’s uncontrollable tremble.
“Have you seen anyone unfamiliar here?”
“Maybe. There were two men in the diner I didn’t recognize.”
“Can you describe them?”
“Not very well. I just remember one being bald. They left right after I ordered.” Her knee bounced with anxiety. 
“Anything else?”
“After I met Vanessa for lunch the other day, I saw a brown sedan parked near Seaside Drug.” She hesitated, still wary of filling in the blanks. 
“Go on,” he prompted.
“I ducked into the drugstore and left out the back. That’s when I tripped and fell in the alley.”
“There’s more.”
“Verity swears I dodged a bullet.”
“You didn’t see anyone?”
“No, I was too focused on getting to the bakery. I swear that same car followed me after you changed my tire. Then, I received a bouquet of flowers this afternoon with this.” She handed him the card from her pocket and braced herself for a major reprimand. 
He pressed one hand over her knee to still the movement and she knew from experience he exercised amazing self control. “Are they from Foster’s?”
“I don’t think so.” The thought that they hadn’t been delivered by the hometown florist made her shake even harder. “Alice Foster would’ve delivered them personally just to be a busybody.”
“Was the card delivered with them?”
“Vanessa took the delivery. She said the vase was left on the front counter with the card tucked inside.”
He slid the card inside his shirt pocket. “What did you tell her?”
“She thought they were from you.”
“Me?”
Even terrified she was unable to resist the urge to poke him. “Somehow she got the crazy idea we had sex. I told her she was totally insane for thinking such a thing.”
“Good.” His eyes flashed in the evening light and she knew she might as well have tempted a hungry lion. “Because if we had sex, I would have loved you so long and hard that you wouldn’t have been able to walk into your sister’s bakery.”
Her jaw fell open and a million snappy retorts lined up on her tongue. Yet, she couldn’t voice any of them and the reason was very simple. She wanted him to pin her against the swing with his naked, muscled body and do exactly as he said. Quite frankly, she couldn’t care less if she could even walk into the house. 
Obviously amused by her reaction, he snickered. “You’re safe here, Ness.”
“No I’m not, Casey. And neither are my brother and sister. What was I thinking, coming here?”
As if he could make it all better, he gathered her in his arms and kissed the top of her head. “You came because this is home.”
She couldn’t argue with his reasoning. Only, there was more. Seaside Point was home, but she didn’t just run here. She ran to Casey.
“Now what?” she whispered.
“We call the state police.”
“No!” She scrambled from his arms and stood to pace. “I don’t want to involve them. I covered my tracks pretty well. I booked my flight and rented the car with an alias.”
“How?”
“Fake ID.” He raised an eyebrow and she gave him a half smile. “Don’t ask.”
“Anyone in Los Angeles know where you’re from?”
“No, not even Dorie.”
“I don’t like this idea. The sooner we notify the authorities, the less danger you’re in.”
“I told you, I don’t even know if they saw me. Casey, please let’s just make sure before we involve my family.”
“Call Dorie. Tell her you’ve decided to take a leave of absence. You can call from the sheriff’s department.”
She nodded. “Good idea, except I’ve already done that.”
“Was she agreeable?”
“Yes, but I didn’t give her any details.”
“Which phone did you use?”
“The pay phone at Johnson’s.”
“Until I know you’re safe, we’re stuck like glue. Understood?”
“Whatever you say, Sheriff.”
Casey stood and placed a hand to the small of her back. “You have anything else to say before I have to lock you up for whatever criminal activity you haven’t confessed?”
She smirked. “Vanessa’s the good twin.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.”
“Evil twins have more fun.”
His deep, husky laugh chased her fear into submission while he shuffled her into the house and closed the door behind them. “I should call Travis.”
“No.”
“Dane? Maverick? Anybody?”
“No. Besides, they’re all working.”
“Not Dane.”
“Okay, but he’s with Vanessa and I don’t want anything or anyone to hurt her.”
She sat down on the sofa and he took the spot next to her. “I’m not sure murder is first on this goon’s mind, Ness.”
“Why?”
“If Marcelli is what everyone believes, you would’ve never made it out of that church. A professional hit man wouldn’t break a sweat taking you out.”
“They why follow me?”
“Nothing else happened at the wedding?”
“Just murder, Casey. And I didn’t actually see the act.”
“I’m sorry.” He placed a light kiss on the end of her nose. “I’m just trying to figure out why someone would chase you down.”
“Can we change the subject for awhile?”
He nodded. “There is something I want to discuss.”
She took one look at the heat in his gaze and knew exactly what was on his mind. “On second thought, let’s talk about murder.”
“I want to talk about that kiss this afternoon.”
“Temporary insanity,” she mumbled. 
“Uh-huh. That was the hottest damn kiss I’ve ever had in my life.”
“Oh please. You’ve kissed a lot of women.” Unfortunately, she knew that to be true. No way could he deny it. 
Instead, he took her hand and braided their fingers. “I’m being honest.”
“Really?”
A slow, sexy grin split his lips and her skin warmed when he squeezed her hand. “Makes me hard just thinking about it.”
She glanced down at his groin and knew immediately he spoke the truth. His erection couldn’t hide in the confines of his pants and obviously didn’t intend to. She brushed her bottom lip with her tongue. 
Casey gave her hand another squeeze and then pulled her against him. “Don’t pull your weapon unless you intend to use it, honey.”
A small whimper was the only thing that left her lips before he took her mouth in pure possession. His lips moved over hers in smooth torture before his tongue separated them to slip inside. Her nipples tightened against the sheer masculine force of his chest pressed against them. 
Suddenly she felt him push her back against the soft couch pillows and that magnificent body rested atop hers. With shaking fingers, she reached between them and worked the buttons loose from his uniform shirt until it hung open. Her fingers wasted no time in exploring the glorious skin beneath – the smooth skin of his chest, his hardened nipples, sharp edges of toned stomach muscles and then the sexy, v-cut obliques leading lower to his groin. She slipped her index finger beneath his waistband to graze the very tip of his erection. 
He grunted and swiped her hand to the side. “No, baby.”
She opened her eyes to see flames burning in the depths of his. Surely she hadn’t misread his intentions. Again. 
Her skin prickled as he moved her hair from her neck. “I don’t have anything to protect you and I’m too far gone to attempt to find something. This is all about you tonight.”
For one full breath, she contemplated arguing with his reasoning. Especially since his excuse wouldn’t hold water; she’d been protected for months and if she revealed that little secret, it was very possible one of her very naughty dreams would come true. Then again, what was one more secret? Besides, she had a number of naughty dreams to fall back on.
Instead, she smiled and tried not to show her immense relief. “Then let me play.”
“In a minute.” He eased her skirt up her thighs and over her hips. “Are you wet for me?”
She could only squirm in response and finally his fingers parted her folds. “Ah, yeah you are.”
She shot him a mental duh and then her sarcasm lost all importance when he began to work her clit, slowly but with just enough pressure to drive her insane with need. Her eyes drifted closed and her head fell back.
“You’re so beautiful, Ness,” he told her while her body hummed in satisfaction. Her thighs fell open of their own accord and she raised her hips to his touch. “You like that, don’t you?”
“Yes,” she whispered. “More.”
His thumb resumed the motion on her clit and then her insides pulsed when his fingers penetrated her. Rubbing, caressing, twisting. Driving her further and further to the point of no return. 
She wrapped her hands around his powerful biceps and squeezed in an attempt to hold on to the incredible rush of desire that threatened to render her helpless. His continued assault on her nerve endings made her putty in his hands. Just like she knew it would. 
And then the motion stopped. 
Her eyes flew open. “Oh God, Casey, no,” she whimpered, “you can’t stop.”
He leaned forward and gave her a soft peck on the lips. “Lift your top.”
Desperate to end his maniacal game, she would do anything he wanted. She shoved the material up to her neck. 
“Off,” he murmured. 
She arched to lift the fabric over her head and then froze when his lips closed around one nipple, still encased inside her bra. 
“Take it off, baby,” he prompted. 
She tore the garment from her body and then wove her fingers through his hair, forcing his lips closer to her breast. 
Like a man possessed, he traced the lacey edge of her bra with his tongue first on one breast, then the other, then back again. Annessa groaned. Good Lord the man knew how to drive a woman absolutely, positively wild.
She drove her hips up and into his groin, seeking the heated temptation she knew rested there. He grunted and pushed further into the vee of her legs just as the catch on her bra popped open. 
“Thank God and Victoria’s Secret for front doors,” he murmured. She simply whined in response. 
His tongue returned to one hardened nipple and she wanted to weep. Sensation shot straight to the heated nub between her legs and she throbbed. She ground against him, determined to rub one or both of them raw. 
Suddenly his hand stilled her motion. “Easy, baby.” With a tender squeeze to her thigh, he returned his finger to her oversensitive, slippery clit. “I’m going to make it really good.” His finger worked her from left to right and then round and round. “Promise.”
Annessa squeezed her eyes closed and knew she was about ten seconds from going completely out of her mind. Her body demanded release and obviously Casey was bound and determined to keep her on edge. Yet, she trusted him when he said he’d take care of her. He always put her first, no questions, no explanation, just a way of life. 
His fingers entered her and then she had no choice but to hang on for the ride. His promise rang true. Colors burst beneath her eyelids and her body screamed thank you at least a thousand times when her orgasm finally took root, coating her in a sense of utter satisfaction.
Casey gave her flesh one last stroke then laid his forehead against hers while her body continued to throb. “God, Annessa.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Was that good for you?”
He gave her a weak smirk. “Incredible.” 
She buckled her arms around his waist and pressed his now even harder erection back between her legs when he tried to ease off her. “I’m not leaving you like that.”
“Not necessary. It’ll go away.”
“By itself?” She tilted her head to one side and issued a challenge. “Or by your hand?”
The smirk was full blown this time. “You’d like that?”
“Nothing would turn me on more.”

Casey worked hard to keep his cool while his dick ached for relief. She’d have a heart attack if she knew just how many times he’d found release by his own hand in the last few years. He’d taken women to bed, sure, but none of them were Annessa. No one could make his heart turn over and beg the way she could. And now, he had the chance to show her just exactly what she did to him. 
“C’mon, sheriff.” 
His skin heated further when she popped the button of his pants, slid down the zipper, then pushed the remaining barrier over his hips to his thighs. His cock pulsed against the hollow of her soft stomach, leaving behind the sticky substance that proved he wouldn’t last long. Even by his own hand. 
She folded him in her fist and he released a tortured groan as he allowed her to stroke. “Ness, are you sure this is what you want?”
Her emerald gaze sparkled. “Absolutely.”
He moved his hips further into her grasp with each stroke and attempted to keep what little control he still had, until finally he had to submit. 
“Scoot down,” he rasped. 
With him still in her grip, she moved until his cock was level with her lush, creamy breasts. 
Very gently he pried her grip loose and replaced it with his fist. Her breath hitched as he began to move in a rapid beat, his thumb rubbing the tip of his head with every other stroke. 
“Oh Casey,” she whimpered. 
“Push your breasts together.” His words were choppy as he spoke but he managed to spit out the request. She readily complied. 
His balls tightened as he slid his dick in and out of the valley of her cleavage, lost in the warm and gentle caress her skin provided.
“Okay, Ness, this is all yours, baby.” His eyes never left hers as he spun out of control and released his seed between her breasts. He locked his elbows to keep from crushing her as years of pent-up frustration flooded the surface of her chest. 
He bent to press his lips to hers as his cock pulsed and jerked between them. 
“Thank you,” she said softly. 
He moved a damp tendril of hair back from her forehead. “No, thank you.” He eased back off her, took off his shirt and draped it over the puddle on her breasts. 
She lay still for a moment, and then placed a palm on his chest. “I’m scared, Casey.”
His heartbeat slowed to the extent it almost stopped to allow doubt to creep in. Christ, maybe this had been a bad idea. Although extremely nervous about her answer, he still asked the one question that currently stabbed his brain like a pitchfork. “Of what?”
“I’m afraid I made a mistake coming home.”
He lifted her hand and placed a kiss across her knuckles, a little more relieved now that she didn’t voice fear of him. “No. This is where you belong, especially when you’re in trouble.”
“I can always count on you to say the right thing.” Her palm opened over his cheek. “I need a shower.”
She swiped his shirt over her chest and rose to her elbows. 
“Annessa, wait.” He took a deep breath, still not convinced he should even press. “Are you okay with what happened here?”
Her sweet smile gave his heart the jumpstart it needed. “More than okay,” she answered as he eased back onto his knees to allow her to stand. “In fact, I’d ask you to shower with me, but I don’t think that’s a good idea without protection.”
“Smartass.” He swatted her ass and she turned her sparkling eyes on him, almost in invitation. “Go,” he groaned. 
Her light giggle tickled his libido the whole way up the stairs until she disappeared around the corner. 
Casey eased his pants and boxers back over his hips and glanced down at his thickening cock. Unbelievable. He wouldn’t be satisfied until she writhed beneath him with his dick buried to the hilt in her hot, warm body. He leaned back against the cushions and listened for the sound of the shower running, not bothering to button or zip. 

***

Hours later, Annessa lay alone in her dark bedroom, willing her body to cool enough to sleep. Although she and Casey hadn’t actually had sex, the – almost-sex was enough to blow her brain. And even though he’d given her the best orgasm she’d ever had, her body demanded more. Lots more. Even better, if she and Casey ever got past almost, he was in for the surprise of his life – there were things about her he didn’t know. 
She exhaled hard and flipped over to the opposite side, cramming a pillow between her thighs. Still, sleep would not come and she was now so frustrated she considered walking the short hallway to his bedroom and claiming his hot body herself. With or without protection. 
Giving in to insomnia, she finally sat up on the edge of the bed and ran a finger through her tangled hair, wishing she had the nerve to crawl into his bed and snuggle next to him. She knew from experience his arms offered safety. No sexual motivation needed. 
She stood and left the bedroom, tiptoeing down the hallway so she wouldn’t disturb him. As she passed his bedroom, light shone from beneath the door and she heard water running in the bathroom. Apparently, he was in the shower. Her breath caught. Cold or hot? 
Very slowly, she reached to rest her hand on the doorknob. One twist to the right would open the door to another very naughty possibility. What would he do if she stripped naked and slipped underneath the spray to play? Her soaped hands would slide easily over his bronzed, smooth pectorals and then lower over his torso and eventually between his legs. Her libido pushed her to open the door. Her earlier discovery of what he sported down there was enough to turn her knees to jelly. He was like velvet over steel; hard and powerful yet silky smooth. She groaned and let go of the doorknob. She would not give in. Not yet. 
She descended the stairs in record time, headed for the kitchen for a glass of something to calm her nerves. Surely Travis kept something in the cabinet that might numb her brain enough to sleep. She grinned. Quite possibly tequila. 
Now encouraged, she pushed sleep to the side and sped across the living room until a slight squeak from the front door stopped her dead in her tracks. 
Her gaze darted around the dark living room while her brain processed what she heard. The noise sounded again and this time, she saw the doorknob wiggle. She stepped to the table by the front door and picked up her vial of pepper spray while she entertained the thought of screaming for Casey. Yet, even while her body shook in fright, logic told her he wouldn’t hear over the shower. 
Very gently, she turned the lock on the door, the small snap only a click in the silence. She grasped the knob with one hand, her opposite index finger poised over the nozzle of her liquid weapon. With a deep breath, she turned the knob and pulled open the door while pepper spray shot from the vial. 
A shadowy figure stumbled backwards and fell down the steps into a heap at the bottom. Annessa screamed at the top of her lungs and slammed the door closed. Turning on the porch light was an afterthought. 

***

He watched in horror as his partner fell into the passenger seat, alone. 
“Well, where the hell is she?”
“In the house. She screamed bloody murder and then sprayed me. Damn this stuff burns!”
He grunted. Probably pepper spray. “Was she alone?”
“I don’t know,” the other man spat, “I didn’t even get inside the front door. Christ! I need some water!”
“Quit whining like a bitch! I thought you were supposed to be the muscle and she’s less than a third your size.”
His partner peered through reddened eyes. “If you think it’s so easy, you get her.”
“We’ve lost the element of surprise.”
“I say we just take her out. Whatever it takes, I’m game. At least that way she’s out of the way and we get the package. We can be back in Los Angeles by midnight and everybody’s happy, especially Ricci.”
“Did you see it on her wrist?”
A distinct snarl lifted the other man’s upper lip. “I didn’t see anything, asshole.”
He ignored the colorful language and continued. “And since it’s not in plain sight, are you gonna risk ransacking the house with a cop sniffing around?”
“Okay, damn it! You made your point. This stuff is killing me.”
He slapped his partner’s hands when he attempted to wipe his eyes. “You don’t want to do that.”
“Then get me some relief!”
He pulled away from the curb and sped down the street. “She didn’t see you?”
“I don’t think so. I fell off the porch and crawled into the bushes before she hit the lights.”
“Woman’s got balls.” He stopped at a nearby gas station. “Wash that stuff off and then we’ll decide what to do next.”
His partner cursed again and scrambled out of the car.

***

Annessa sat with her back to the door and her head in her knees, screaming until her throat burnt.
“Annessa, stop screaming.” Casey’s raspy voice wrapped her like a warm blanket as he pulled her stand. “What happened?”
She lifted her head to see him in front of her wearing nothing but a towel and a scowl, dripping water on the living room carpet. 
“Someone tried to get in the house.”
“Why the hell didn’t you come get me?”
“You were in the shower!”
“So?”
“So, you would’ve run out of here buck naked! Did you really want our neighbors calling that in? Yes, I’d like to report a streaker and oh, by the way, it’s Sheriff McIntyre.”
Her breathing began to slow when he pulled her against him and wrapped her with his arms. “Okay, calm down. Did you get a good look?”
“No. It was dark and he ran when I sprayed him with pepper spray.”
“Yeah, your aim is impressive,” he mumbled. He eased her back from him and led her to the couch. “Sit here while I call the department and Travis.”
“No! You can’t tell him.”
“Oh hell no, Annessa, we are not going down this road again. Your brother needs to know someone tried to break in the house.”
She opened her mouth to argue but the no bullshit look on his face stopped her. “Fine,” she relented. “Tell him about this, but not about my trouble over the phone. Tomorrow night after his shift ends, I promise. Just play stupid for tonight, Casey, that’s all I ask.”
She really expected him to barrel right over her with some sort of cop-driven logic, but instead he eased her to sit and picked up the phone. 
“Tomorrow,” he said quietly, his tone not offering any sort of negotiation.
She heard her brother’s booming voice though the phone as he and Casey spoke, not surprised that Travis had lost his cool. He was such an enigma; in an emergency, he was a cool as a cucumber but when it came to one of his sisters, the man had absolutely no control. 
Casey, however, never lost control. No matter what the circumstance, he took it in stride, barreling over everyone else with his calm, soothing demeanor. She knew firsthand it was useless to try to defy him; she tested him on numerous occasions and failed.
“I’ll pull deputies on the house tonight and call first thing in the morning.” Casey flinched as he disconnected and then glanced at her. “Twenty four hours, Annessa. I can’t keep this from him longer than that.”
She stood, slid her fingers under the edge of his towel and wiggled them against his damp skin. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” he groaned and moved her hand. “I’m going back upstairs to finish my shower.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Finish?”
With a hearty chuckle he shook his head and headed up the stairs. 

***

Inside the office of the fire station, Travis ran a hand across his forehead as he processed Casey’s call, suspicious that his best friend hadn’t told him the whole story about the night’s events. Then again, the poor guy had been doused in pepper spray not too many hours ago. As concerned as he was about Annessa, he knew she was safe with Casey. But was Casey safe with her?
As long as he could remember, trouble always managed to find his sister. Or maybe it was the other way around. One way or another Annessa always ended up in the middle of something. He and Casey both had scars to prove it. 
With a heavy sigh, he dialed his cell phone. Tonight’s plans would have to change.
Despite his disappointment, a smile split his lips when a breathy hello tickled his ear. “Hey, Verity.”
“What’s wrong?”
He frowned. “What makes you think there’s something wrong?”
“There are only two times you use my name and … we’re not having sex.”
Travis laughed out loud. The woman was entirely too perceptive. “You can’t imagine the evening I’ve had.”
“Try me.”
He relayed the night’s events, relieved to have a confidante. “Long story short, Annessa’s home,” he finished.
Verity’s light giggle oozed through the line and made a beeline for his cock. His anatomy recognized that same small noise as the one she made when his lips were buried between her legs, nibbling on her soft, wet flesh. 
“Do you need me to take a look at Casey?”
“He’s fine. I’m more concerned about my sister. I think I should probably stay put tonight.”
“Absolutely,” she agreed, “but I’ll miss you.”
He scrubbed a hand down his jaw. “I’ll miss you like hell, Doc.” He released a long breath. “You could come by the house tomorrow night.”
A several seconds pause almost caused him to panic.
“Annessa is there,” she said finally. 
He moved to the edge of the chair and braced his elbows on his knees. “Yes, she is. I’m just thinking maybe it’s time to come clean.”
“We made a deal,” she reminded him. 
“My sisters are gown women. Hell, I’m surprised they haven’t figured it out yet.”
While he waited for her argument, he racked his brain for a logical rebuttal. Instead, another of those cock-choking giggles caused him to lose concentration. 
“That’s not a decision we have to make tonight.” Her soft silky voice of reason tightened its grip on his dick. “Besides, we can play on the phone, if you’re game.”
He snapped his head up from between his knees and snickered as he stood to press the lock on the door. “Oh baby, you know I’m game.”



CHAPTER SIX


Annessa spent the whole next day nervous as hell. Partly because now she was sure someone followed her and partly because Casey was undeniably angry. Not to mention the fact that her brother wouldn’t let her out of his sight. So, there she sat on the steps of Engine Number Five in the middle bay of the Seaside Fire Department, watching Cpt. Travis Dupree shine the already-glistening fire truck. 
“Come on, Travis. I’ll be fine. The alarm company was supposed to be finished by noon. It’s five o’clock.”
“No. Casey will be here to get you in a few minutes. Then you can go home and do whatever it is you two do when I’m not around.”
Suddenly, keeping company with her brother just got a whole lot more fun. 
“So Trav,” she said as she braced her feet against the side of the truck, “what do you suppose Casey and I do when we’re all alone?”
“Don’t know and don’t care.” She noticed her brother’s biceps flex with the force of his motion. 
“Want me to tell you?”
He stopped in mid-rub and shot her a glare. “You are evil, baby sister.”
She turned her head to see Maverick stroll through the open garage door. “Betcha Mav knows.”
Maverick frowned. “Knows what?”
“Don’t ask,” Travis mumbled. 
“Travis doesn’t know what Casey and I do when we’re alone at the house,” she answered.
Maverick glanced at Travis and then back at her. “I’m not sure you should share that information, Annessa.”
Her eyes widened. “You too?”
“We all helped raised you. That’s not information we need at this point.”
Her shoulders shook with her giggles. “Fine. Forget I said anything.”
“Gladly.” Maverick nodded at Travis. “I’ll be upstairs.”
As soon as Maverick topped the stairs, Travis cleared his throat. “Casey loves you, Annessa.”
She lifted an eyebrow, somewhat stunned by Travis’ remark. Not because it wasn’t true, but because the words slipped out of his mouth. 
“I love him too, Travis,” she said quietly. “I’m just not sure what that means.”
Travis stopped wiping the truck, squatted in front of her, and pushed a wayward piece of hair over her shoulder. “It means you should forgive him and put the past behind you.”
Now she was shocked. “You know about that?”
“No particulars. I only know that something went insanely wrong and now it’s time to fix it. For both your sakes.”
“Vanessa told you?”
“No. Casey’s my best friend, almost my brother. I can read him almost as well as you, brat.”
She gave her brother a weak smile. “I’m trying, I really am.”
Travis stood and threw the towel at her. “Try harder.”
Annessa caught the towel and tossed it from hand to hand while she digested her brother’s advice. Perhaps holding Casey responsible wasn’t entirely fair. Maybe her juvenile, infatuated brain hadn’t thought things through before she planned to seduce him. Honestly, the timing sucked and even worse, she hadn’t had a clue what to do. Now, however, she knew exactly what turned him on. 
“It’s awfully quiet in here.”
Annessa lifted her gaze to see Casey braced against the rear bumper of the truck. Her nipples responded with their usual standing ovation. 
Travis snorted. “For a change.”
She grinned and threw the towel at her brother. “Ha, ha.”
Travis wadded the rag into a ball and grinned. “She’s all yours, McIntyre. I’ll see you two after my shift.”
Casey nodded as Travis climbed the stairs then turned his gaze back to her. “Do you still want to see that building?”
She paused a moment to interpret his question. Purchasing the property meant coming home. For good. She wanted that more than anything – as long as he stayed too. 
“Why?”
He shoved his hands into his pockets and shrugged. “I’ll take you.”
A grin split her lips. He could pretend nonchalance all he wanted, she could read him just as well as he read her. His gesture was the same as handcuffing her to him. Again. 
“I’d like that.”
He grasped her hand and led her to his truck, letting go only to open the door. “Inside, short stuff.”
“Thank God for step rails,” she mumbled as she climbed up and into the cab. 
“I had them added just for you.” 
Although she realized he was probably teasing, she still couldn’t help but wonder if that was another of his sly attempts to show her he was serious about convincing her to stay. Hoping, maybe.
“Seatbelt,” he reminded her. 
Once he sat behind the steering wheel, he buckled his own belt then laid an open palm on the seat between them in silent invitation. Without a second thought, she placed her hand there, warmed when his fingers threaded hers. 
“Did you talk to your brother about your shadow?”
His question brought sordid reality right back to the forefront of her mind. “No. I promised you I would tonight. I’ll tell everyone, all together.”
“No more running, Annessa.”
“I promise.” She gave his hand a squeeze. 
He started the engine and drove away from the Fire Department, headed for the neighboring town. Annessa sighed and relaxed back against the leather seat, safe and secure for the first time in the last week. She’d been so stupid to try and avoid him; she knew full well the only place truly safe was with Casey. 
She settled into comfortable silence as he drove, his thumb stroking the top of her knuckles. The gentleness of his touch both soothed and excited her. With each pass over her skin, his strength strangled her fear in a chokehold and teased her libido senseless. Something told her if she and Casey ever ended up between the sheets, the linens would not wrinkle – no, they would tangle. She gave herself a mental eye-roll. If? More like, when.
“How’s business?”
She smiled. His warm, husky voice only proved her point. Her hormones were now screaming at the top of their lungs. “Very good. Dorie’s considering hiring another planner.”
“Is that why you want to leave?”
“I don’t know that I want to leave Los Angeles. I just think it’s time for me to branch out on my own. I’ve made a lot of contacts there who have encouraged me. “
He gave her a cursory glance. “Sounds promising. But that’s not all.”
Of course he wouldn’t take her explanation at face value. “Honestly, I miss Vanessa.” And you. I miss you so much, Casey. She bit her tongue almost in two to keep that confession inside. 
“Do you think Mourning Dove Harbor can help?”
“I can pick up more beach business.”
He hit the blinker and turned down a side road. “How about we scope out the location?”
“Now?”
“Yeah. It’s not dark yet and you’re with me.”
Once parked on the sand, Casey opened her door and helped her from the truck. The soothing sound of roaring waves rolled over her tense nerves, kneading them into a comfortable hum. 
Casey slipped her hand inside his and urged her down the beach. “Remember the first time I brought you here?”
Remember? That memory was burnt in her psyche just as permanently as the tattoo on her hip. “Do you?”
“You were seven and scared to death of the water.” He squeezed her hand. “I had to bribe you with gummy bears to stick your feet in.”
She grinned as the warm sand seeped over the sides of her sandals and tickled the tops of her toes. “I’d do just about anything for gummy bears back then.” And for you.
“Would you now?”
“Depends. What do you have in mind?”
His gentle laugh wrapped her into a warm cocoon. “By the end of the summer, we couldn’t get you out.”
“Do you ever come back?”
“I haven’t had a reason.” He stopped and pulled her against him. “Until now.”
“You know everything about me, don’t you?” she said into his chest.
She listened to the steady sound of his heartbeat while waves rolled across the water until they disappeared at the shoreline. Pressed against him, she felt tension leak from her muscles.
“I really screwed up, didn’t I?” he said against the top of her head.
His question didn’t exactly surprise her. She took a deep breath and stepped back. “Not entirely. I think I may have had a part in it.”
“No, baby. You tried to show me how you felt and I was too damn selfish to let you express yourself.”
“Selfish?”
“Yes. I should’ve given you a chance and then explained why I turned you away.”
“You think you could’ve stopped me?”
“Not without a fight, I’m sure.”
“Your denial affected me a little differently than you think.”
“You were hurt.”
“Embarrassed,” she mumbled, “but I got over that.”
“You did?”
“After I finally came to the conclusion you pushed me away to save our relationship.” His silence gave her the advantage she needed to continue. “After my parents died I had some serious abandonment issues.”
His warmth lulled her into peaceful contentment. “You wouldn’t let Travis or me out of your sight. Took us months to get you through that. Broke my heart.”
She nodded and stood silent to allow him to process the hidden meaning behind her explanation. Suddenly, pain graced his handsome face. 
“I abandoned you too,” he whispered.
“Not on purpose.” She placed a soft kiss on his lips to dispel his discomfort. “I understand now. I wanted you so badly. I just went about it the wrong way.”
“So the sex didn’t really matter?”
“Oh, it mattered. Just not as much as leaving me, Casey.”
“God, the things you made me think, Ness.”
“Things?”
“Things I had no business thinking then.”
“Like what?”
“Remember last night on the couch?”
She released a desperate groan. “Oh yeah.”
“I’ve dreamed about that in vivid detail.”
Her heart began to pound. “What else?”
“Every time I kissed the tip of your nose I had to fight to keep from sliding my lips down those few inches to your mouth.” He closed the distance between them. “And when I cradled your soft body in my arms, it was all I could do not to ease you underneath me and warm you with my own kind of friction.” 
His lips nuzzled the base of her neck, prompting the all-too-familiar throb between her legs. “Casey,” she moaned. 
Her panties dampened as he drew his tongue across her skin to the top of her shoulder and then nipped the soft skin there. 
“What baby?”
“I’m ready now.”
“You’ll get sand in your—”
She forced his head up and then sealed their mouths to smother his excuse. “Don’t care,” she murmured against his lips. 
A low groan left his throat as he grasped her hips and pressed their bodies together. Packed so tightly against him, she felt the strength of his erection against her abdomen and her libido purred like a napping cat. 
While he continued his tender assault on her lips, arousal pushed her to reach between them and stroke his length through his uniform pants. Her fingers tightened around him as she slid upward, moved her palm over the swollen head, and then moved downward, only to repeat the whole process with the next stroke. 
“Your touch makes me crazy,” he said as he pushed further into her hand.
She tightened her fist around his solid length and squeezed. Her nipples stood at attention and her clit quivered. Suddenly she understood the meaning of crazy.
He slid his hand under her shirt and up her torso, grazing her bare skin with his fingertips until he rolled her nipples between them, tugging and teasing until they begged for mercy. Desperate to feel him against her, she plastered her hips to his groin and resumed the up-and-down motion on his erection in an effort to ease the ache in her needy clit.
As if he sensed her desperation, he moved one hand down her body and beneath her skirt until his fingers found her slick flesh. Very gently, he opened her and slid inside to play. 
Annessa moaned as his thumb worked her clit while his middle finger entered her swollen passage. Her hips swayed in time with his movement as she sought relief. 
“That’s right, baby.” He encouraged her with a short pinch to her clit. “Take what you need.”
She ground her hips tighter against him and he responded by inserting another finger. Her body answered with a tight squeeze on his fingers.
“You want to come, don’t you?”
She groaned out load at the absurdity of his question. Of course she wanted to come.
“Inside me,” she whispered.
“Not here, sweetheart.” His fingers began a rapid pace. “Reach between us and stroke me.”
She needed no further direction and quickly lowered his zipper and slipped her hand inside his pants and under his boxer briefs to close him in her grip. 
“Pull hard,” he ground out as his fingers resumed movement between her legs.
Her breathing quickened from excitement while she worked his long hard length with rapid, determined strokes, and her body tightened around his fingers. 
“Now, Annessa,” he demanded. “Come with me, baby.”
She tossed her head back and moaned as her orgasm wrapped her in warmth and shook her whole body with its force. Casey released a low growl as his erection pulsed in her hold, leaving behind evidence of his satisfaction. 
For several seconds, she rested her head against his chest and listened to the sound of his heavy breathing, matching it to her own. Finally, he placed a soft kiss on her lips as he extracted himself from her grip and moved his hands from her body. 
“Again,” she said against his lips. 
“Later.” He kissed the top of her head before he straightened her clothing and then tucked himself back into his pants. “Let’s go check out the rental.”

***

Once they stood outside the business, Casey watched Annessa jam the key into the lock, her hands shaking.
“Let me.”
He slid the key in and then turned the knob. The door popped easily open. 
Annessa pushed against his back. “Go inside. Hurry.” The door closed behind them and she twisted the lock. 
He ran a hand across the top of his head, angered by her fear. “This is borderline insane, Annessa. You’re running around like a scared rabbit.”
“I’m fine. Besides, I’m armed.”
“Pepper spray is no match for a bullet, baby.”
“True, but I happen to have a bigger weapon.”
“Are you packing, Ness?” He raised an eyebrow and hoped to hell she wouldn’t answer his question in the positive. 
She moved her gaze to his usual hard-on. “No, but you are.”
He groaned. “Seriously, I need to call in reinforcement.”
“No.” She stepped out of his embrace. “C’mon, I’ll show you the dressing area.”
Casey glanced out the glass door with an evil eye, almost daring someone to challenge him. The street and the sidewalk on the other side remained lit by the spotlight over the door. He gave the knob a tug. 
“Now who’s paranoid?” Annessa’s sultry tease traveled the length of his cock. 
“Go.” He nudged her out of the storefront and followed her to a room in the back with three cubicles built into the far wall. 
“They’re actually roomy,” she told him as she stepped into one. “There should be plenty of space to maneuver yards of taffeta and lace.”
He assumed she was talking about the frilly crap on most wedding gowns. 
“I see a problem.” He stepped inside then closed the door and pressed the lock on the knob. 
“What?” She frowned. “I think it’s perfect. Obviously it’s the right size. Two people can fit in here.”
He simply grinned and waited for her to process the meaning behind her observation. 
Her lips finally curved into a smile. “Ah, I see what you mean.” She pushed him against one wall and pressed her body to his. “It would be so easy for something naughty to happen in here.”
He grasped her hips and molded them to his groin. “Yes.”
She laid her palms flat against his chest. “Thing is, the groom is not allowed to see the dress before the wedding.”
“True,” he said as his blood heated from her touch, “but men dress here too, right?”
She nodded. 
“And sometimes they come with women,” he continued. 
Another nod, this time with a mischievous grin.
“Sometimes I need help with my tie.” He lowered his head and placed his lips against the creamy skin of her neck. 
She groaned and threw her head back to grant him easier access. He moved his lips across the surface, nibbled the smooth skin, and allowed his tongue to taste her. 
His back muscles pulsed as her hands kneaded the firm flesh. His breath came in labored gasps and he fought the primal instinct to flatten her to the wall and shove his cock deep. 
He moved his lips to hers and captured another breathy moan as he devoured her. His dick swelled impossibly harder behind the button of his jeans. 
She lifted her lips and looked him straight in the eye. “I’m on fire, Casey. Please don’t tease me if you’re not serious.”
He moved her hair back from her neck while her accusation stabbed his heart. Trust still didn’t come easy for her. “Annessa, I have never been so serious about anything in my life.”
Her voice was barely audible as she spoke. “Okay then.”
He pulled her back against him and rested his chin on the top of her head. He suddenly found himself in unfamiliar territory. He knew Annessa inside and out, everything from her allergy to blueberries to the brands of shampoo she refused to buy. Even the story behind the tiny scar on the back of her left knee – the one left behind when she attempted to sneak out her bedroom window by climbing down a tree. He’d been waiting on her at the bottom. 
But he didn’t know her as a lover and that scared the hell out of him. 
She released a soft sigh and burrowed further into his embrace. He felt her complete trust to keep her safe and protected, but not with her heart. There was only one way to earn that – show her. And he planned to put on quite a show. 
A loud crash brought him out of his self analysis. 
Annessa jerked her head from his chest. “Tell me you heard that.”
“I heard it.”
Her eyes widened. “I locked the door. You saw me.”
He eased her to sit on the floor. “Do. Not. Move.”
She struggled to stand and he pushed her back down. “Don’t leave me alone, Casey,” she hissed. “I’m going with you.”
The complete, unhidden terror in her eyes caused his restraint to break. “Annessa, if you even think about moving your pretty little ass out of this dressing room, I’ll turn you over my knee and spank you until it’s good and hot.”
For half a second, she appeared stunned and then she opened her mouth to speak.
“No!” He refused to back down. Not this time. “Stay here. I meant each and every word I said.”

Annessa watched Casey leave, not exactly surprised about his ultimatum. He and Travis both had a Neanderthal gene. Yet she knew when to push and this was not one of those times. Through unbelievable fear she couldn’t help but wonder, though, if a spanking from Casey would really be a bad thing. 
She groaned. Good grief. A psycho maniac hunted her and she still focused on sexual desire. I am truly warped.
“Get up, Annessa.”
At the iron demand in Casey’s voice, the door flew open and she leaned to the side to avoid being smacked. The answer in his eyes made her tremble all over again. 
“What happened?”
“Just get up.” He grabbed her elbow and pulled her to stand.
“Is someone out there?”
“No.” He tucked her hand inside his and headed back to the front of the store. 
Annessa gasped when she stepped into the room. Steamy night air seeped through a massive hole in the front window. Shattered glass glittered like diamonds on the carpet. A lone brick lay amongst the debris. 
“Don’t touch anything, but read the brick.”
She bent to read the black letters:
RETURN THE PACKAGE, KEEP YOUR LIFE
Casey squeezed her hand. “What package?”
“I have no idea. Why would someone do this?”
“To scare the shit out of you. Did it work?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I radioed the Harbor police. Tomorrow I’m calling the state.”
“What about Travis and Vanessa?”
“If someone followed us here, they aren’t safe either.”
“Oh God, Casey. What have I done?”
He eased her to the floor. “Ssshhh baby, you haven’t done anything. We just need to keep all of you protected until we figure out what’s going on.”
“What about you?”
“I’m fine.”
“Someone knows about us.”
“Not unless they have x-ray vision.”
She ignored his attempt at humor. “I’m terrified. If they followed, they know about you. Maybe I should leave.”
“Absolutely not.”
“They’ll follow me and leave all of you alone.”
“Annessa, look at me.” Her eyes burnt as she turned her gaze to his. “It’s too late. Criminals will take out anyone and everyone in their way. Whoever this is has no idea who or what you told any of us.”
Icy tendrils of fear squeezed her throat. “Marcelli’s an influential man. I’m not sure we’ll ever be safe.”
“Hold on. We don’t even know he is involved. Maybe he doesn’t have anything to do with the murder. Did anyone give you anything?”
“Just a check.” She allowed her brain to replay the events of that awful day. Just before she stumbled on the groomsman’s tryst, one of Mr. Marcelli’s associates had given her an envelope. Payment, she assumed, so she didn’t take time to open it. Once she was on her way to Seaside, she discovered it wasn’t money. “Oh, wait! Mr. Marcelli gave me a bracelet.”
“Why?”
“As a thank you.”
Casey didn’t appear convinced of Mr. Marcelli’s motive. “With your price tag?”
“It’s not all that unusual. I get gifts from a lot of my clients.”
“Where is it?”
“At home in my dresser. Oh God, Vanessa is there and—”
“Don’t panic. We’ll make a report and then go from there.” Casey’s cell phone rang and he squeezed her shoulder. “McIntyre.”
“Casey, it’s Dane.” The other man’s voice held undisputable anger. “Vanessa’s bakery is on fire.”



***

He returned to the shadows of the alley and bent at the waist to suck air into his lungs.
“You think she read it?”
“Yeah.” He stuck a cigarette between his lips, lit it, and inhaled. The false sense of encouragement burnt his nostrils as he exhaled. “She knows we’re here.”
“Let’s just take care of it tonight. I’m sick of this place.”
“She’s not alone.”
“So? If we play our cards right, our bullet wins.”
“Our bullet didn’t win the last time.”
“I know I wounded her because I saw the blood.”
“So? It didn’t do any good. She called in reinforcement, and she’s still here.”
He took another deep breath of air. “It’s time to step up the game.”
“I’m tired of games, man, and besides, she’s winning.”
“She’s only winning because we’ve allowed it. This will slow her down. We need to wait. He’s a big sonuvabitch and a cop, remember?”
His partner groaned. “ We’ll never get her.”
His greedy lungs welcomed the next drag from his cigarette. “Patience is our best bet. Sooner or later, he’ll slip up. Besides, wait until she sees the bakery.”

***

Annessa stood beside Casey in shock while tears streamed down her face, both from the smoke and for her sister’s loss. Vanessa had built Sweet Treats from a small operation in their childhood kitchen to a successful bakery with international business. Annessa was a small fish in the large sea of professionals who admired Vanessa’s talents. And now here they were, watching the angry flames devour Vanessa’s dream – all because Annessa once again brought trouble to Seaside Point. 
A slight hand on her shoulder released Annessa from her funk as she turned and saw her sister. 
“Oh, Van.” She pulled her twin into a tight hug. “I’m so sorry.”
“It’s just a building.” Vanessa sniffed. “At least no one was hurt.”
Together they watched their brother’s crew of firemen douse the flames, their hoses blasting gallons of water that hissed as it connected with the heat. A crowd gathered and Annessa heard whispers of anguish at Vanessa’s loss, her longtime customers vowing their support and offering to help in any way possible. Then the paranoia kicked her sadness to the side. Was he watching? Waiting for the flames to die before he made his next move? Her stomach churned and she swallowed hard to keep from vomiting. What if this fire was deliberately set to hurt her? Or kill her? 
Movement beside her brought Casey’s clean, calming scent as he leaned close and whispered in her ear. “I see your wheels spinning.” He tapped a finger against her temple. “No matter what caused this fire, it’s not your fault.”
With Vanessa still wrapped in her arms, a small nod was her only reply. She stood in silent agony, stroking her sister’s hair, watching the flames reduce the structure to ashen rubble. There was absolutely no way to avoid an explanation now. 
She coughed as the smoke drifted past on the night air, a silent indication that the flames had been extinguished. The sight of Maverick, Dane and Travis walking through a curtain of smoke reinforced her observation. All three firemen shucked their helmets and shook the sweat from their hair almost in a practiced rhythm. 
Dane gave Annessa a half smile then pulled Vanessa loose and folded her into his arms. “Baby, we’ve done our best but it looks like we can’t save it.”
“Sorry, Van.” Maverick kicked a piece of loose gravel on the sidewalk. “After it cools, we’ll know if anything inside is salvageable.”
“Thanks, guys,” Vanessa mumbled.
Annessa glanced at Travis, waiting for his usual calm, collected reassurance. Instead, a smile interrupted his sullen expression, only gracing his smoky features for a split second. almost as if he tried to hide it. 
“Anyone need a doctor?”
Annessa traced the path of her brother’s gaze to see Verity now standing beside him, still dressed in her white lab coat. 
“Luckily, no.” Her brother’s smile returned. 
Verity raised an eyebrow. “How much smoke did you inhale?”
“Not much,” Travis grumbled.
“Did you go inside?”
“No.” Annessa noticed her brother’s lips quiver with a threatened grin. “You do realize there is a whole crew of firefighters here, right?”
Annessa bit back a giggle at his smooth attempt to tell Verity to back off. 
“You’re absolutely right.” Verity looked at Dane and then at Maverick. “I’ll expect each of you in the clinic for a physical tomorrow morning.”
“Yes, ma’am.” As usual, Maverick didn’t hesitate to agree.
“Not necessary.” Travis glared at Maverick, his earlier grin now a frown. “We’re all fine. No one inhaled too much smoke and no one went inside.”
Verity shrugged. “Your call, Captain Dupree. Let me know if you change your mind.” She moved to pat Vanessa on the back then pulled Annessa into a short hug. “Call me if you need me.”
Annessa squeezed her eyes closed, relieved Verity hadn’t said too much. “Thanks, Verity, for everything.”
“You’re welcome.” Verity walked back across the street to the clinic and Annessa didn’t miss the fact that Travis watched her the whole way. 
Dane cleared his throat and elbowed Travis. “We need to wrap things up.” He then looked at Casey. “They don’t really need to be here.”
Annessa felt the anger in Dane’s words and fought the urge to spill her guilty guts. On look into Casey’s compassionate, yet serious eyes stopped her. He had things under control – he would save her from this madness. 
Casey nodded but never moved his gaze from Annessa’s while he spoke to Dane. “Come home as soon as you can, all of you. We need to talk.”



CHAPTER SEVEN


We need to talk. 
Those four dreaded words made Annessa shake all over again as she sat next to Casey at the kitchen table with Travis, Vanessa, Mav and Dane, dodging questions like bullets. The acrid smell of smoke permeated the air, a reminder of just how far her pursuers would go just to prove a point. 
As soon as the last hose had been rolled back onto the truck, all three firemen stormed the house, determined to sort through the ashes, so to speak. This time, Annessa didn’t hesitate to spill her guts. With quiet and spine-tingling fear prodding her, she spit out the whole story, stopping only once to take a breath.
“Hell, Ness,” Travis grumbled. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
“Because you would’ve gone all caveman, Travis,” Vanessa answered for her sister. 
“I didn’t think anyone would find me,” Annessa said weakly. “I never dreamed the bakery was in danger.”
Vanessa draped an arm across her sister’s shoulders and pulled her close. “Forget about the bakery. Thanks to the Internet, my business won’t suffer and I can cook out of the kitchen here. You were shot, for pity’s sake! And you didn’t even tell us!”
“I didn’t want to worry anyone,” she mumbled. 
“Too late,” her sister scolded. “Have you seen him?”
“No, but I don’t know if I would recognize anyone. Marcelli probably has goons all over the place.”
Dane shifted in his chair. “What’s your plan, McIntyre?”
“I’ll contact the state police and she can give her statement. They’ll probably want to put her in state custody until they determine if she’s in danger.”
“If?” Vanessa shrieked. “She is in danger, Casey.”
“So are you, Vanessa.”
Vanessa frowned. “Me?”
Dane took Vanessa’s hand and braided their fingers. “You and Annessa are identical twins, honey.”
Vanessa’s normally rosy cheeks paled. Annessa squeezed her sister’s free hand. “I’m so sorry, Van.”
“Don’t you dare apologize, Ness. It’s not your fault someone had the poor taste to commit murder at a wedding.”
“Also Travis,” Casey mumbled. 
“And you, Sheriff,” Mav pointed out.
“That just about covers everybody,” Annessa grumbled.
Travis ran a hand through his hair. “We can’t all be sequestered.”
“What she’s told us is pretty much hearsay.” Mav fiddled with a salt shaker on the table. “I just wonder if they would harm one of us to force her out.”
Casey stood and took Annessa’s elbow to lift her from the chair. “I really don’t know what’s gonna happen. We’re on our way to the department to make the call. Since I know the state won’t come before tomorrow, we’ll shack up here tonight and I’ll put deputies on the house. I’ll let you know the rest as soon as I figure it out.”
She leaned to give her sister one more hug before Casey literally yanked her away from the table and out the front door. 
“Good grief, Ally Oop. You gonna drag me to the truck with my hair in your fist?”
He came to an abrupt stop and she squealed when her face bounced off his biceps. She squeezed the bridge of her nose. 
“Sorry. You okay?”
“Like hitting a brick wall,” she mumbled. “Let’s just get in the truck.”
“No.” He pulled her toward the curb and a Seaside Police cruiser parked there. “We’re not taking any chances this time.”
“When did that get there?”
“I had a deputy park it for looks while we were inside.”
He shuffled her into the passenger seat then slammed the door. Even with her ears ringing from the force, she heard the determined sound of his pounding combat boots against the street as he rounded the car. Casey was on an angry mission. 
Waves of guilt pummeled her as he drove to the station. She should’ve thought this whole thing through before she left Los Angeles. What a selfish brat. 
“Beating yourself up won’t do any good,” he said from beside her. “I’ll fix this. I promise.”
She knew he would. Quite simply, Casey never, ever made a promise he couldn’t keep. 
Casey threw the car into park, glanced into the rearview mirror, and then turned to her. “Open the door and get out, but stay next to the car.”
He opened his door and appeared at her side before she barely had one leg out. 
“C’mon, Annessa.” He took her by the elbow and lifted her the rest of the way from the car before closing the door. 
They were inside in a matter of seconds. 
His normally easygoing, laid back demeanor was colored in anger as he placed her in the chair behind his desk. He handed her the phone receiver then punched the speaker button on the phone. “Dial.”
Sweat droplets jumped on her forehead and her fingers shook as she poked numbers until ringing tones filled the room. Her emotions jumped from angry to relieved and back again until Dorie answered. And then she was flat out terrified. 
“Hi Dorie, it’s Annessa again.”
A few seconds of silence crossed the line and she wondered if they had been disconnected. “Is that really you, Annessa?”
Annessa glanced at Casey and frowned. He signaled her to answer. “Yes, why?”
“You just don’t sound like yourself.”
“Oh.” She breathed a sigh of relief. “I’m just a little tired. Things are taking a little longer than I thought.”
“You just take your time. Everything is fine here. Can I do anything for you?”
“No, thank you. I just wondered if Mr. Marcelli called again.”
“Yes. He’s quite adamant about speaking to you when you return from Georgia.”
A cold chill climbed every single vertebra in Annessa’s spine. The phone threatened to slip from her grasp as she looked straight into Casey’s narrowed eyes. 
“Dorie, how does he know where I am?”
“I don’t know. I just assumed he’d spoken to you.”
“I didn’t even tell you I’m in Georgia.”
“Annessa, I’m getting the impression you’re in trouble. Are you okay?”
“Of course, I just haven’t received any calls—”
“Annessa, hang up,” Casey whispered in her ear.
She frowned and kept talking. “But I’ll wait a few more days.”
“Damn it, now!” he hissed. 
“I gotta go, Dorie.” She slammed down the phone and glared. “What was that all about?”
“Dorie’s phone is bugged.”
“How do you know?”
“It’s the only way anyone would know where you are. Unless he tracked your alias, Dorie’s the only key.” He grabbed the phone and punched buttons. “Sheriff Casey McIntyre for Agent Nick Ramano.”
Annessa paced while she listened to Casey’s end of the conversation, hoping he could really protect her from this maniac. She had no doubt he’d die trying and that wasn’t exactly encouraging. 
“Ness, come here.” Casey hung up the phone and patted the top of the desk beside him. “Pacing won’t do anything but make you dizzy.”
She sat beside him. “I hate to admit it, but now’s probably as good a time as any to say you were right again.”
“About what?”
“Moving to Los Angeles.”
“Yeah, well, I did try to warn you.” He tucked a piece or hair behind her ear. “There’s something else we need to talk about before we go back to the house.”
She lifted her gaze to his and her heart began that annoying thumping thing again. His dark eyes shone with their usual heat but this time something else reflected in the depths. Something soft, tender and compassionate. Something that warned her she would never escape his hold. 
Heat invaded her cheeks as he lifted a hand and ran his knuckles down the side of her face. “You have to trust me.”
The warmth of his touch made her breath hitch, from arousal or anxiety she didn’t know. Of course she wouldn’t argue. Yet, she heard the hidden meaning behind his words. Her heart trusted him; her brain, however, refused to cooperate. 
“That’s why I came home,” she said. 
“I’m glad you did.”
“Even if I brought trouble?”
He nodded and smirked. “I wouldn’t have expected any different.”
“How many times have you rescued me?”
“Several.”
“You can’t give me an exact number?”
“I lost count.” He stood and offered a hand. “Let’s go. It’s late and Agent Ramano will be here in the morning at eight.”
Annessa rode in silence next to Casey on the short drive home, still baffled about how he could possibly fix this. Somehow this whole mess was quite a bit different from threatening a boyfriend or wiping away her tears. She’d relied on him most of her life to take care of her. 
And then he tore her in two. She released a soft moan and threw her head back against the seat. 
“I promised, Annessa,” he said from beside her. 
She rolled her head to the side and gave him a weak smile. “I know.” 
As soon as Casey parked in front of the house, she bolted from the car and inside the front door before she barely broke a sweat. For a few seconds, she stood panting with her back against the door before she noticed Dane and Vanessa snuggled on the sofa. 
Her sister frowned. “Did you run home?”
Annessa shook her head in denial while her chest continued to heave. 
Dane cleared his throat. “Where’s Casey?”
“Behind me,” she said finally. 
The doorknob turned and she moved back to allow the door to open. 
“She’s still nervous,” Casey mumbled as he stepped inside. “Everybody here?”
Dane nodded. “Travis and Mav are already sleeping. Vanessa wanted to wait.”
“The state agents will be here early.”
Vanessa stood and pulled Annessa into a hug. “You’re safe now. Casey’s got it all under control.”
Despite her tremendous fear, Annessa knew her sister was exactly right. Control was the name of Casey’s game and he tended to get testy when things didn’t go his way. 
“Yes, he does.” She gave her sister one last squeeze then headed for the stairs. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
It wasn’t until she reached the second floor that she mentally counted bedrooms. Four. Travis and Maverick already occupied two. Dane and Vanessa would share. That left someone out. 
“I’m not sleeping on the couch.”
Casey’s low rumble from behind her caused renewed havoc in her nervous system. No woman with even half a brain would pass up the opportunity to share a bed with him. She’d seen him in various states of undress; the thought alone of climbing that mountain of male was enough to feed a woman’s brain full of orgasmic thoughts. And, she’d touched him – felt the extreme power behind each and every movement. He’d held her in his arms night after night, not in a sexual endeavor, but in the hold of someone who loved her unconditionally, wholeheartedly. Or so she thought. 
She stood, staring at the doorknob as if it would magically open and take the decision out of her hands. 
And then he reached around her and did just that. “Go.” His slight nudge urged her into the bedroom. The door latch clicked in the silence.
Without another word, he pulled back the bedspread then unbuttoned his shirt and handed it to her. She swallowed hard when his skin sparkled in the lamp light. 
He pointed at the adjoining bathroom. “Go on, baby, it’s late.”
Arousal blurred her vision and made her stupid. She knew she should throw his shirt at him and demand he sleep downstairs. The logical thing to do would be to assert herself – show him exactly who had control of this situation. But at the moment, logic could kiss her rosy red ass. Logic had no business in this bedroom; wanton desire saw to that. 
Minutes later, she stood at the opposite side of the bed, dressed only in the Seaside County Sheriff’s uniform shirt and a pair of red bikini panties. 

Casey took one look at the sexy creature beside the bed and willed himself to think of murder. Blood, guts, mangled body parts – anything other than pinning Annessa beneath him and burying his cock inside her warm body. 
Her bare legs taunted him – smooth, tanned, and just long enough to wrap his hips while he pounded her toward climax. Buckled around him, they would squeeze tight while she had no choice but to dig in and hang on for the ride. And ride her he would. Every single way possible and all night for the rest of his life. 
He swallowed hard when she shifted her weight from one side of her body to the other and a flash of red from under the shirt made his cock scream. Holy fuck. No doubt silk and hopefully very, very wet. 
Not convinced he thought with the proper head, he peeled back the covers and patted the empty space beside him. With a soft, almost relieved smile, she scooted next to him, her back to his front. Her amazing ass plastered against his achy, needy dick. 
He rested his head on a pillow then draped one hand across her hip and prayed she wouldn’t move. No way would another make-out session work tonight. 
The little vixen knew exactly what she was doing when she pressed back against him. “What now?” she whispered. 
He moved her hair back from her neck and placed a kiss there. “Sleep.”
Her body relaxed against him and his cock picked that exact moment to poke her. “Ignore it,” he growled.
“Good luck with that.” Her light giggle gave him hope that she realized the extent of his restraint.
In the quiet darkness, he held her while his fingers brushed the soft skin of her hip and wondered if he’d ever be able to win back what he so carelessly tossed aside. 
Regret took a familiar stab at his heart and he wished for the millionth time he’d handled things differently. He still wouldn’t have taken her to bed – that he would never change – but he would’ve trusted her enough to explain. Maybe then she wouldn’t have run. Right into hell. 
A sleepy sigh left her lips and she clasped a hand over his on her hip. “Are you hot?”
He smiled against her hair. “Extremely.”
“Did you turn on the ceiling fan?”
“Baby, the heat in this room cannot be cooled with a fan.” He pushed the blankets off them until they rested at his feet. 
She lay silent for a brief moment and a fleeting sense of panic crossed his mind. Would she ask him to love her? If he denied her again, no matter how honorable his intention, the relationship they’d managed to salvage would be destroyed. Though circumstances were totally different this time, he knew her well enough to realize she wouldn’t consider his reasoning again. In Annessa’s mind, rejection was simply rejection. Cut and dry. 
“Thank you.” The two words she finally mumbled were barely audible over the beating of his heart. 
He released a slow breath and returned his hand to its former place. “You’re welcome.”

CHAPTER EIGHT


The next morning, Annessa glanced up at all six plus feet of Agent Nick Ramano and sighed. For all of two seconds, his short, mussed blond hair and baby blue eyes made her forget all about murder. It was a conspiracy. Hot cops ran in packs. 
She shifted from side to side and attempted to keep her nerves under control while Casey caught the agent up to speed.
“Marcelli’s been under the federal microscope for quite awhile.” Agent Ramano ran a hand across his forehead. “It’s almost unbelievable he’d have business in Georgia.”
“Sorry about that,” Annessa mumbled.
Casey gave her hand a squeeze. “We haven’t had a visual. The warnings all point to Annessa and a package.”
“Package?”
Casey nodded. “Marcelli gave her a gift, a diamond bracelet. I’m assuming that’s what someone is after.”
“I just don’t understand why he would give it to me just to turn around and threaten me to get it back.” Annessa sighed. “Why didn’t he just ask?”
“That’s what we need to find out.”
“And what about the murder? How is that connected to the bracelet?”
Casey draped an arm around her shoulders and eased her against him. “One step at a time, baby.”
Agent Ramano’s forehead wrinkled. “Are you absolutely certain you saw a murder?”
“Unless the corpse was there for looks.”
“Did you recognize the, uh, deceased?”
Annessa shook her head. “I didn’t stick around.”
“What about the shooter?”
“No.”
The husky timbre of Casey’s voice vibrated against her cheek as he stroked her hair. “How do you want to work this, Ramano?”
“We’ll plant three agents on the house,” Agent Ramano told Casey, “and a tail on everyone else. I’ll take you and Annessa.”
Casey nodded. “You’ve got a man on Marcelli?”
Agent Double-O Sexy’s eyes darkened. “In flight to Los Angeles as we speak.”
“Any news on the murder?”
“Not a word. Just a body.” Annessa noticed that didn’t seem to bother him too much. “Marcelli keeps a tight hold on his organization.”
Her stomach lurched. “So, we just stay holed up here until you catch him? What about my sister’s wedding?”
“We don’t plan to drag out this operation.” She took that to mean he had a plan. “I don’t want you all in the same location. Splitting you up is safer.” Annessa’s confidence in Agent Ramano wavered. Sexy or not, she wasn’t too sure he had a clear understanding of Marcelli’s power. 
Casey squeezed her shoulder. “We’ll stay here with Travis. Dane and Vanessa will stay at his place when he’s not on call.” He smirked at the agent. “Mav’s shadow is in for a wild ride.”
“The Sheriff’s Department and the Fire Department won’t be a problem. It’s off duty I’m more concerned about.”
“You think we should stay put?”
“No. We stand a better chance of drawing him out if you do everyday, normal things. My guys are good.” 
“Wait a minute.” Casey’s tone sharpened. “We’re not using her as bait.”
“That’s not my intent. I only meant that the more normal the activity, the more brave the criminal. He will most likely believe we aren’t taking the threat seriously.”
Casey nodded but she didn’t miss the venom directed at the agent as he spoke. “Just so we’re clear.”
“Affirmative, Sheriff. We’ll need to establish a command center in your office this morning. She’ll be safe here while you’re away.”
She dodged several testosterone-injected arrows. “Vanessa planned to stay with me. We’ll be fine with the muscle on the house.”
In one full swoop, Casey crushed her against him, placed his lips to hers, and took her mouth in full possession. Probably to mark his territory, but who really cared? In fact, two could play his game. She opened her mouth beneath his, closed her lips around his tongue, and sucked. Hard. 
Casey’s hands tightened on her hips as she continued to hold him hostage in her mouth. Her nipples tightened in the heat between them and her libido screamed when she felt his erection against her stomach. 
Somewhere in the depths of her desire, she heard Agent Ramano snicker. “I get it.”
Only because they had an audience, she released Casey’s tongue and silently relinquished control back to him. He lifted his lips and his heated gaze told her all she needed to know. His noble intentions were gone.
“Don’t leave the house without an agent.”
She lifted an eyebrow, sending her own brand of warning. 
“Please, Annessa.” His voice gentled as he poked a strand of her hair behind one ear. “Just this once humor me.”
“Oh okay.” She pressed her lips back against to his in a brief surrender. “Just this once.”
Casey released her and nodded at the agent. “I’ll ride with you.”
Annessa headed inside the house, relaxed for the first time in days. About Marcelli, anyway. Her nerves however, still jumped from Casey’s touch. 
“You have got it bad.”
She glanced at Vanessa standing in the doorway. “That’s putting it mildly.”
Her sister grinned and closed the door. “The dresses are here.”
“How are we going to manage a final fitting?” She followed Vanessa upstairs and into her bedroom. “I’m not sure we should bring your bridesmaids here.”
“I’m sure everyone’s dress is perfect. You usually get it right the first time.”
“It helps that everyone is about the same size.”
Vanessa opened the closet door and gestured inside with her head. “Yours is here. Try it on.”
Annessa stripped down to her bra and panties then slid the emerald gown over her head until the hem brushed the bottom of her knees. “What made you choose this color?”
“It matches your eyes.”
“Yours are the same color as mine.”
“Yes, but I’m wearing white.” Vanessa flashed a grin. “Besides, green is Casey’s favorite color.”
“How do you know that?”
“You just told me.” Van winked and tweaked one thin shoulder strap. “And, it shouldn’t be hard for him to get you out of this.”
“Who are you? You are definitely not Vanessa Dupree, the good twin.”
“Oh stop, Ness. Sooner or later you and Casey will stop being so stubborn.”
“How do you know we haven’t?”
“One, you would’ve told me. Two, I didn’t hear anything from your bedroom last night.”
“What makes you so sure you would’ve heard something?”
Vanessa simply raised an eyebrow. 
“Fine,” she relented. “Even I don’t know if I’m noisy. But, I don’t tell you everything about my sex life.”
“Yes you do.”
“You’re right.” Shame on her for thinking she could get that by her sister. “I have kissed him, though.”
“Yeah, in front of a squad of Georgia State Investigators, and it was pretty hot if I say so myself.”
“I’ve had better.”
“Better than Casey?”
“No, better with Casey.”
“I’m starting to think you don’t tell me everything. What exactly happened last night?”
“Nothing.” The night before, however …. She swallowed so that admission wouldn’t barrel out of her mouth. 
“But you’ve decided to kick fear in the teeth?”
“Maybe. I’m not sure sex will change that. I love Casey, Van, I just don’t know if I can trust him not to leave me again.”
“You left too, Ness.”
Annessa raised her dress back up and over her head. “Do you think I screwed up?”
“No, I think you did the only thing you knew. You ran to avoid the pain.”
“I didn’t expect things to turn out like they did.”
“No,” her sister said softly. “You expected Casey to give in as usual.” She took the dress and hung it back in the closet. “If it makes any difference, I think he beats himself up on a daily basis.”
“He apologized.”
“Of course.” Vanessa nodded. “But you need more.”
“I don’t want to.”
“Give yourself time.” Vanessa shut the closet door. “There’s something else I wanted to talk about.”
Relieved to change the subject, Annessa plopped down on the bed and waited for her sister to elaborate.
“Something’s up with Travis,” Vanessa continued.
“Like what?”
“Well, last week I dropped by the station to see Dane and Travis was locked in his office on the phone.”
“He’s the captain. Maybe it was a business call.”
“At one o’clock in the morning?”
Annessa bit her tongue to keep from asking why Vanessa was even at the Seaside Fire Department at that hour. Especially since she already knew the answer. 
“Okay, maybe not,” she said instead. “Did you hear the conversation?”
“Not word for word, but I’m pretty sure there was a female on the other end.”
“Really? How could you tell?”
“He told someone he couldn’t wait.”
“For what?”
“I have no idea.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know that either.”
“Gee, Van,” she drawled, “you’re just full of information.”
“I know it doesn’t sound like much but I’m still curious.”
“He hasn’t been serious about anyone in awhile.”
“No. That’s why I’m suspicious.”
“Did you ask Dane?”
“Are you kidding? If I asked Dane anything, he’d run and tell Travis and I wouldn’t have even half a chance to figure out what’s going on.”
“Casey hasn’t mentioned anything to me.”
“You know how it works.” Vanessa waved a hand in the air. “We don’t have a chance with the four Musketeers.”
“He needs someone.” She released a sigh. “We, well mostly me, I’ve kept his attention focused on me far too long.”
“He’s sacrificed a lot for us,” Vanessa agreed. 
“Without one single complaint.”
“And now, I’ve done it again.”
“Maybe, but this time he would’ve killed you for not coming to him.”
“Don’t remind me,” she groaned.
“Sorry.” Vanessa hopped off the bed. “C’mon, let’s go make a pitcher of margaritas and a pan of double fudge brownies.”
Tension slid from Annessa’s body as she followed her sister downstairs. “God, I’m glad you can read my mind.”

***

Parked safely out of view, he snickered under his breath as he watched the men in black swarm the house, encouraged he’d kept them all on their toes. Obviously they’d taken his warnings seriously. 
He took another long pull from the cigarette between his lips and then blew several smoke rights into the air. “It’s only a matter of time.”
His accomplice slammed his palm against the steering wheel. “The hell you say! He’s called in the state police! What the fuck do we do now?”
“Wait.”
“I don’t think so. I say we cut our loss and get out of here.”
“We wait,” he repeated.
“You honestly believe we can get past all those agents? You really are full of yourself.”
“I came to do a job and I intend to finish it.” He inhaled another drag of nicotine. “Sooner or later, someone will screw up.”
“I hope it’s sooner,” his partner mumbled. “For your benefit.”
“And yours. We’ll both end up six feet under if we go back empty handed.”
“Get your head on straight, man! If we stay here we’ll either get caught or killed. Is she worth it?”
He looked at his partner and sneered. “Failure is not an option. If we keep a cool head, no one gets hurt or killed.”

***

After several brownies and several more margaritas, Annessa slept most of the afternoon and evening away, awakened when the bedroom door opened. 
Still fuzzy from sleep, she rolled over to see Casey enter and place a sack on the bureau before he approached the side of the bed and bent to place a soft kiss on her lips. 
You taste like limes,” he said as he lifted his head and shifted to lie next to her. 
“Vanessa and I made brownies and margaritas.”
“Ah.” His chest rumbled with the force of his laugh. “Did you sleep it off?”
“Yes.” She burrowed deeper into him. “You’re home early.”
“I didn’t want to leave you alone in the dark. I know your obsession with pepper spray.”
She settled her head against his chest, his tight muscles providing the comfort she sought. “Are you tired?”
“No. Are you?”
“No.” His fingers drew lazy circles on her shoulder while his breath moved the hair on top of her head. She moved her hands until her palms lay flat against his back and then kneaded the tense muscles. 
With a hard sigh, he eased her back from his embrace. “Annessa, I can’t sleep in this bed again while you’re pressed against me without making love to you.”
His admission didn’t surprise her. As gallant as he had been last night, she couldn’t miss his reaction. The length of him resting against the silk barrier between her legs had made her achy and hungry. So much so that she wanted to rip off his pants and ride the wild stallion until morning. No, he wasn’t the only one who couldn’t wait any longer. 
She pressed closer, draped her arms around his neck, and placed a gentle kiss on his lips. “So don’t.”
His voice was a hoarse whisper as he spoke. “I bought something.”
“Condoms?”
“What? No!”
“We didn’t discuss birth control.”
“Are you on something?”
She nodded and watched something between anger and surprise cross his handsome features. 
“You didn’t tell me that before.”
“No, I didn’t.”
“I think you’re hiding some very naughty fantasies, sweetheart.”
If he only knew. “Maybe.”
“Does Travis know?”
“Really, Casey? I’m twenty four years old. It’s none of his business.”
“I’ve never had sex without a condom.”
Neither have I. “You don’t have anything to worry about with me.”
“I didn’t buy condoms.”
“Me either.”
He gestured at the yellow gift sack on the bureau. “Open it.”
Curious, she left his arms and rolled off the bed. Once she reached inside the sack, tears burnt her eyes and her heartbeat skittered when cool, jade-colored silk slid through her fingertips. 
“Casey,” she whispered.
His low chuckle tickled her ear as he pulled her flush against his chest. “Don’t say anything. Just put it on.” He kissed the top of her head and then released her. 
“Where is Travis?”
“Don’t know.”
“What if he comes home?”
“Are you a screamer?”
Annessa bit back her immediate response. A screamer? Hmmmm…. “Actually, I’m more concerned about Travis finding us tangled up naked.”
“I can handle Travis.”
“I’m sure,” she agreed, “but I would feel much better if I knew exactly where he is.”
He folded his arms across his chest, almost as if he enjoyed her distress. “Not here.”
“What about Agent Ramano?”
“You want him to participate?”
“No! I just—”
“Annessa?”
She released a hard breath. “What, Casey?”
“You’re stalling.”
Desperate for some much needed space, Annessa grasped the nightie and headed for the bathroom. Once inside with the door closed, she squeezed the edge of the counter until her knuckles whitened and wondered if this was really some sort of twisted dream. Her body hummed at the thought of loving Casey, sliding up and down the smooth, toned surface of his body, skin on skin, heart to heart. No way on Earth would she leave that bed anything other than utterly ravished and completely satisfied. Yet, the consequences of what was about to happen still weighed heavy on her mind. Could she do this without suffering a broken heart?
Annessa quietly undressed, slipped the nightgown over her head, and then grinned when she glanced in the mirror. Things had definitely changed in seven years. Curves took center stage and the material wrapped her like skin. She wasn’t so naive to think Casey wouldn’t react; he knew exactly what he wanted when he purchased the temptation. Her confidence just wasn’t quite as solid as before. Some little flicker of fear still burnt inside her that he would turn her away. 
Determined to slay this demon, she took a deep breath, gathered courage, turned the doorknob, and then stepped back into the bedroom. 

Casey clenched his jaw so hard he thought his teeth might crack. Damn she was absolutely beautiful. 
Her teeth worried her bottom lip. “I feel naked.”
He stepped in front of her and grasped her hips. “You look gorgeous, Ness.”
“Thank you.”
He moved one hand to her shoulder and felt a small quiver beneath his grip. “Nervous?”
She gave a slight nod.
“Don’t be. It’s me, baby.” He slid both arms around her waist and pulled her against his needy body. His cock moved against her stomach and he cursed the impatient beast. 
“There are things you don’t know about me,” she said into his pectorals.
He grinned and lifted her chin to look into her sexy bedroom eyes. “I know every single thing about you. We don’t have secrets.”
“We haven’t been together much lately,” she reminded him.
“True,” he agreed, “but I’ve kept tabs on you.”
Her lips split into a sexy smile he’d waited to see all evening. “My hero.”
“No hero here.” He lowered his head until his lips were millimeters from hers. “Just Casey.”
He pressed his lips to hers with the intent of calming her but the minute the breathy little whimper left her mouth, every one of his good intentions went south. Literally. All the blood in his body headed for his dick.
Casey crushed her against him and moved a hand to cup the side of her face while he slipped his tongue between her lips to open her mouth. Annessa’s tongue wrapped his, drawing him deeper while her soft plump lips caressed his. Lost in her tender caress, he couldn’t for the life of him remember why he thought staying away from her was even remotely reasonable. No way in hell could they put a muzzle on the chemistry between them. 
She pressed her palms to his bare chest and his knees damn near buckled. She lifted her lips from his kiss and he opened his eyes to find hers sparkling in the candlelight. She moved her hands down his chest until they rested against his abdomen. 
“You’re so hard,” she whispered.
He released a desperate laugh while the eager soldier between his legs stood tall and proud, fighting to be released from his pants.
“No question about that.” He leaned to take her lips in another kiss when she stepped back.
He frowned. “Annessa? What’s wrong.”
“Nothing.”
“Change your mind?”
“No, but you might.”
He eased her to sit on the bed then sat beside her. “Why would you believe that?”
“I do have secrets, Casey.”
He pushed a loose piece of hair behind her ear. “You used to tell me everything.”
She gave a small smile and when her cheeks pinkened, suspicion crowded his brain. Since when did she hide anything from him? Other than murder, anyway.
“Did someone hurt you?”
“No.” Her teeth began to attack her lip again, a sure sign she was bothered.
“Stop,” he said softly while smoothing her lip with his finger. “Tell me.”
Her long eyelashes brushed her cheek as she closed her eyes for a split second, a habit she used to gather courage. 
“I’ve never done this.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Yes you have. I threw Zach Peters out of the house on his ass.”
“Okay, so maybe I should’ve been more specific. First, second and third base, I’ve mastered. A home run, well, not so much.” Her tortured green eyes rolled and she released a long sigh. “You do understand, don’t you?”
Casey paused, studying the hidden message in her question. And then he understood perfectly. Son. Of. A. Bitch.
“You’re a virgin.”
She nodded and tossed her hair over her shoulder, almost as if she expected him to wrap her in a blanket and send her away. Hell no. Not this time. Never again. 
“Lucky me.” He worked hard to keep the extreme shock from his voice. That, and the incredible hunger. 
“I didn’t think you wanted this.”
Casey lifted her hand and placed it against his aching erection. “No question about that now.”
“You love me, right?”
“With all my heart.”
“And you want this because you love me, not because some crazy lunatic wants to kill me?”
Her honesty pinched his heart but he only blamed himself. “Want me to kill the crazy lunatic first?”
She gave him a tentative smile, almost as if she doubted him. She plucked her left spaghetti strap with her thumb and forefinger. “When did you buy this?”
“Six months ago. You were supposed to come home for your brother’s birthday.” And when she didn’t, he bought a plane ticket. The weather was the only reason he didn’t use it. 
“You planned to sleep with me six months ago?”
“No. I planned to make love to you three years ago.”
“Why?”
“I love you, Annessa. I gave you plenty of time to find someone else. When you stopped calling me, I figured you made your decision.”
“I didn’t want someone else.” She rubbed her palm against the length of him and sweat gathered on his brow. Instinct made him want to kick patience in the ass, rip the skimpy little scrap of nothing from her body and enter her with a powerful thrust. Seven years was just too fucking long. 
“I know that now.” He took a long cleansing breath and gently moved her hand to his chest. At least he could tolerate that touch without scaring her to death. He would tease her without mercy, make her come with his fingers and his mouth. Then there would be no question in her mind what he wanted. 
“Sweetheart, I don’t think there’s ever been a time I didn’t want you.”
He pushed the spaghetti straps from her shoulders, bared her lush breasts, and then lowered his head. His tongue circled one areola and then the other until both nipples stiffened. Annessa moaned and then her fingers tunneled in his hair, forcing his head closer. And then his tongue was all over, swishing back and forth from nipple to nipple, biting, sucking, licking like a starved man. 
“Casey.” He didn’t miss the desperate need in her whisper. 
He lifted his head long enough to lay her back on the bed. “Have you dreamed about this, Annessa? Me touching you like this?”
“Yes,” she answered without hesitation.
He moved the nightie up until it was bunched under her breasts.
“No panties,” he murmured.
“There weren’t any in the sack.”
He gave a low chuckle and moved his hand over her bare mound. “This is nice.”
She lifted her hips. “Touch me.”
“You’ve thought about that too, haven’t you?”
Her head gave a shaky nod just before he lowered his head and placed a kiss on the baby soft skin of her abdomen. “Do you touch yourself when you think about me?”
Her stomach muscles quivered beneath his lips. “Yes.”
“With your fingers or something else?”
Her hips jerked again. “Like what?”
“I’m thinking a long, thick vibrator.”
“Mostly my fingers,” she murmured. 
“Mostly?”
“Casey,” she groaned as her head rolled back, “please.”
He took another deep breath of restraint and then lifted his gaze to hers. “Show me.”
She paused for several seconds, her eyes focused directly into his, and he wondered if he’d pushed too far. And then her hand moved down the length of her body, one fingernail stopping to trace his bottom lip on the way, until finally, she rested one finger against her clit. 
“Do it,” he whispered.
She gave a low groan and began to work the distended nub. 
Casey watched, hypnotized by the sight of Annessa pleasuring herself. Her fingers strummed her folds and rubbed her clit until her breathing became labored and her hips jerked against her assault. He pulled himself out of his lusty fog. Oh, hell no. He wouldn’t allow her to finish without him. 
He placed a kiss against the top of her mound and then eased a finger inside her. “Ah Ness, you’re so wet.”
“Casey,” she whimpered.
He slipped another finger inside, rotating from side to side, stretching her, readying her for all the pleasure he had to offer. “Keep rubbing, baby.”
She kept the pace as he encouraged, panting and grinding into his touch. Casey made one more circle inside and then began to thrust his fingers in and out of her, matching her own rhythm. 
“Make me come,” she rasped.
Now too far gone to deny her, he brushed her fingers from her body and then took her clitoris between his lips. Her hips slammed against him and he felt her fingers back in his hair, tugging, forcing his mouth further against her. With both fingers now buried deeply inside her, he latched onto the sensitive nub and suckled. Her thighs closed around his head. Her inner muscles gave his fingers a good hard squeeze and then she came apart under his touch. 
He unclamped his lips but continued to coax her down with his tongue while she whimpered her satisfaction. Once she quieted, he moved beside her and took her lips between his again. 
She groaned and pushed both palms against his chest. “Take off your pants.”
He lifted one of her hands and slid his lips across her knuckles. “Be very sure.”
“I’m so sure that if you don’t lose your clothing in the next three seconds, I’m removing it myself.”
He chuckled and rolled to his back to do as she asked. Or demanded. He always knew exactly where he stood with her. 
His dick gave her a standing ovation as soon as it sprang free of its restraint. And then screamed when she squeezed it in the confines of her fist. 
His stomach muscles contracted when he sucked in a hard breath. “Easy.”
“Did I hurt you?” Her grip loosened.
“No.” He reached between them and tightened her hold. “But if you’re not careful, I’ll paint those pretty blushing breasts again.”
She released another groan and stroked him from tip to base and back again. He closed his eyes and tried to think of something, damn, anything to distract his cock from exploding. He took a deep breath as she continued to play and fell into an even, slow rhythm. One he could tolerate for a few tortured minutes, anyway. 
And then his control went straight to hell. 
He had no idea why he didn’t see it coming, but Annessa now had her lips wrapped around the head of his very angry cock. 
He plowed his fingers into her hair and yanked. “Oh God, Ness, no.”
“Yes.” Her soft breath tickled him while her breasts brushed his shaft. “I don’t think you really want me to stop.”
No, God help him, he didn’t. But he didn’t want to lose his load in her mouth either, not as much as he wanted the sweet treasure between her legs. 
She opened her mouth over him again and this time moved her lips down his length until he nudged the back of her throat. And then she swallowed. 
His hips left the bed and he yanked her hair again. “Shit, Annessa! Where the hell did you learn to do that?”
He’d kill the sonuvabitch who taught her. 
She released the suction and slowly slid him out of her wet, warm mouth. Once she’d untangled his fingers from her hair, she lay back beside him and drew circles on his chest with one fingernail. 
“I saw a movie.”
He exhaled a pent-up breath. At least he wouldn’t do time. 
“You taste good.”
He growled and braced himself on his elbows over her. “Last chance to change your mind.”
“No way.”
He placed a small peck on her lips then reached between them to guide his impatient cock into her body. Once inside, he totally understood why his dick was angry. Tight, wet muscles clamped down hard, sucking until he went cross-eyed. 
Sweat droplets coated his forehead as he slowly eased in further down the slick entry until he finally met resistance. His cock demanded entrance into the sweet Heaven beyond and as bad as he wanted to leash it, he couldn’t. 
He placed his forehead against hers. “God Ness, I’m so sorry.”
The mere thought of how he was about to hurt her was almost enough to change his mind. Almost. 
“Just do it,” she groaned. 
With one forceful thrust he penetrated the fragile barrier and then paused. Her thighs squeezed his hips and she sucked in a quick breath. 

For a half a second, Annessa entertained the thought of punching Casey square in the jaw. Then, the pain dulled and his lips brushed the sweat-dampened valley of her cleavage. Her inner muscles clenched around his thick length. Pain? What pain?
“Okay?” he whispered. 
She placed both hands on his tight ass and pushed him further inside. “Totally.”
At her request, he began a slow and steady rhythm, taking care to comfort each and every muscle screaming for his attention. Her body vibrated, needy and achy for more. 
She lifted a palm and then smacked him in the middle of the tight, hard flesh of his backside. 
He stopped in mid-stroke, his eyes wide, demanding an explanation. 
She released a grin in response. “Faster.”
The sorry sucker took a quick thrust then stopped. “Do I need my handcuffs?”
She tilted an eyebrow. 
“Next time,” he growled. 
She took one look into his eyes and knew complete and utter satisfaction was inevitable. His body was just as hot as hers and his strokes were just too damn determined. 
She leaned up on her elbows and glanced between them to watch him take her in indisputable possession. Buried so deeply within her, there was no question that the pure strength of him penetrated with purpose and she gave him a warm slick surrender in response. 
A whimper escaped her lips and she lay back down against the heated sheets, desperate to ride the orgasmic wave barreling down on her. 
Her body shook when Casey began to work her clit with his thumb. “Now, baby. Please, for me.”
That simple heartfelt request was all she needed. 
In one more heated breath, she came apart and flew into his arms. He took one last forceful stroke before he emptied inside her, bathing her in sweet ecstasy.
His breathing quick and labored, he took her lips in a kiss so tender it massaged her soul. “I love you,” he said in a ragged whisper. “Don’t ever doubt that again.”
She wrapped her arms around his neck and buckled her hands behind. “Yes, sir.”

***

Travis shoved two pillows behind him then ran a hand down the side of his jaw as he leaned back against the headboard. House arrest. Damn. 
Although he didn’t blame Casey for playing it safe, this turn of events put a major kink in his evening routine. Yet, he couldn’t fault Casey or Annessa, neither had any idea what they interrupted. 
He picked up his cell phone and dialed, hoping Verity was still awake. Her breathless hello caused his cock to harden, reminding him again how difficult it would be to stay away. 
“Are you in bed?”
“Yes. Why are you calling so late? Is everything okay?”
“Yes and no.” He shifted on the pillows while he relayed his sister’s nightmare.
“I have a confession,” she said when he finished. 
He released a soft sigh. “You already knew.”
“Not everything, but I stitched her arm. Is there anything I can do?”
He squeezed his eyes closed and clamped his lips tight to prevent his immediate response. Other than wrap your pouty little lips around my aching cock? 
“No, everything’s under control for now. I just might have to break our deal.”
She cleared her throat. “How so?”
“I have a tail. I can’t leave without him and I risk waking everyone in the house if I go alone.”
“Aren’t agents sworn to secrecy?”
He snickered. “No.”
“What about the guy code?”
“Doesn’t apply when murder is involved.” He released a long breath. “I need to see you.”
“No.” He couldn’t miss the absolute conviction in her tone. “Do not risk your safety.”
“I want you,” he groaned. “It’s been days, Doc.”
“How about the computer? You have a webcam don’t you?”
“Yes, but no. No more phone sex and absolutely no cybersex. I want you, Verity. Your legs wrapped around my hips and my cock buried deep in your tight, hot body.”
Her soft gasp answered him. 
“See?” He moved to the side of the bed and reached for a pair of jeans. “Your body agrees.”
“Fine.” He could’ve sworn she was panting. “Hurry. Just be careful.”
He stood and pulled jeans over his hips, surprised as hell she’d finally given in. For months now he’d crept around like an alley cat on the prowl, visiting in the dark of night, loving her behind locked doors and shaded windows. Although he didn’t clearly understand her reasoning, he respected her enough not to question her motives. Never once had he asked her to change. “Ten minutes, tops.”
Before she could argue or worse, change her mind, he disconnected and shoved the phone in his left front pocket, away from his screaming hard-on. He slid on his boots, crammed a Seaside Fire Department t-shirt over his head and headed downstairs. 
Agent Ramano sat on the sofa in front of the television, the sound barely audible. 
“I need to go out.”
The agent glanced at his watch. “It’s two o’clock in the morning.”
Travis only nodded. 
The other man grinned. “If it’s ice cream you want, one of my men can grab it for you.”
“Bite me, Ramano.”
“Let me notify the guys in the front.” Agent Ramano grabbed his suit jacket from the back of the sofa and threw it over one shoulder. “Do I need a tie?”
“No.” Travis returned his grin and shook his head. “I’ll wait at the back door.”
“You want me to pull around back?”
“Yeah, and leave the headlights off.” He didn’t wait for Ramano’s response and headed to the back of the house. 
Travis began to breathe a little easier once he was tucked behind the tinted windows of Ramano’s sedan. Since the house appeared completely dark, he assumed no one heard him leave. 
“Take a left,” he told the agent as he pulled away from the house. 
“I take it this is a covert operation.” Ramano turned the corner and continued down the street. 
“Yeah. Go right.”
“What’s her name?”
Travis frowned. “Who?”
“Your two o’clock mission.”
“Why?”
Ramano grinned. “I’ll have to check her out before you go inside.”
“Not necessary. Believe me, she has nothing to do with my sister.”
“Sure about that?”
“Positive. Another right.”
The agent slowed and took the corner. “Seriously Dupree, we need to know your association with this woman.”
“Her name is Dr. Verity Thomas. She owns the medical clinic on Main.”
“How does she know Ms. Dupree?”
“Which one?”
“Annessa.”
“Verity, Annessa and Vanessa are friends.”
“Close?”
“Close enough for Verity to be Van’s bridesmaid. Thing is, neither of my sisters knows about by arrangement with Verity and it has to stay that way. Left.”
“Why so secretive?”
Travis gave a mental snort. He asked himself the same damn question on a daily basis. “I promised. Third house on the left. You can park under the carport in the back. No one can see you from the road.”
“You realize it took us ten minutes to make a two-minute drive?”
“Yeah,” he mumbled as he left the car. “Long story.”

CHAPTER NINE


“Iced tea and peanuts?”
Sitting at a corner table in McGill’s with his three friends, Casey vaguely heard Maverick over the roar of his jumbled thoughts. Last night with Annessa had been incredible. 
“We’re on duty,” Dane drawled. 
Almost annoyed at being interrupted, Casey turned a deaf ear to the conversation. The chemistry he and Annessa shared was downright lethal – a fact neither of them could dispute – but never did he expect the cock-numbing experience they shared. Hell, his body ached in places he didn’t even realize he had muscles. And now that he knew her body had been custom-made for his, it would be cold day in hell before he let her go. 
He just had to convince her. 
Lost in making a mental list of options, he flinched when ice cold liquid covered his face. “What the hell?”
Travis grinned and set his glass back on the table. “You’ve been sitting there pouting like a whipped pup for the last thirty minutes. We’d like an explanation.”
“No, you don’t.” He pulled a couple napkins from the dispenser and wiped his face. 
Maverick groaned from the opposite corner of the booth. “Aw hell. This can’t be good.”
“Spill, McIntyre.” Travis grabbed the bowl of peanuts and cracked several in his fist. 
Casey tossed the napkins to the side and then looked his best friend square in the eye. “I slept with your sister.”
The table fell silent for several seconds. 
Dane finally cleared his throat. “You’d better be talking about Annessa, the evil twin.”
Casey glared.
“About time.” Travis shrugged. 
Maverick snickered. “So why the hell are you pouting? I would’ve guessed Annessa to be a tiger in bed.”
“Hey, man,” Travis growled. “That’s my sister you’re talking about.”
“Never mind,” Casey grumbled. 
Dane flicked a peanut shell at Casey. “Seriously, what’s the problem?”
“I’m not sure she wants anything other than sex.”
“Again,” Travis moaned, “my sister.”
“Can it, Travis.” Maverick frowned. “This really bothers you doesn’t it?”
Casey ran a hand through his hair. The thought of not having Annessa next to him every day for the rest of his life was like fingernails on a chalkboard. But he lived for her happiness and if that was without him, he’d appease her. Even if it killed him. 
“I don’t know.”
“You better figure it out.” Dane cracked a peanut and tossed it into his mouth. “She’s headed back to Los Angeles after the wedding.”
Mav tilted his head to one side. “I thought she bought a place in Mourning Dove Harbor.”
Casey shook his head. “Nothing’s finalized. She hasn’t signed the contract.”
“Casey, I’d trust you with my life but you better know what the hell you’re doing.” Travis swallowed the contents in his glass. “For both our sakes.”
Casey sighed. He had no intention of admitting he didn’t. 
“Vanessa said—” Dane cut himself off when both Casey and Travis leaned forward, elbows on the table. 
“Go on.” Mav drew a circle in the air with one finger. “Obviously you know something we don’t.”
Dane lifted his glass and emptied it into his mouth. Casey knew the other man was stalling, but also knew Dane wouldn’t say much under pressure. So, he leaned back against the booth and waited. 
Travis, however, jumped right in. “Of course you have information. Vanessa and Annessa tell each other everything. Just keep it rated G for my benefit.”
Dane grinned. “Apparently you haven’t lost your touch, McIntyre. I personally figured you’d be rusty after so many months.”
“Bite me.”
Mav finished his iced tea and then pushed it to the side. “Where is Annessa?”
Casey smirked. “The Dupree twins are on the move. Retail therapy, in Vanessa’s words.”
“Oh man, sucks for Agent Ramano.”
“He pretty much insisted.”
“Look at it this way. Until we catch the prick stalking her, she’s all yours.”
Casey swallowed a mouthful of tea. Maverick was right, Annessa wasn’t going anywhere without him for now. 
And he planned to take advantage. 
“By the way, why were we allowed to go out alone?”
“We weren’t.” Casey took a swig of his tea and popped a couple more peanuts into his mouth. 
Mav frowned. “I’m pretty damn sure Travis drove that big ass fire engine with only me and Dane for company.”
“Trust me, you didn’t come alone.” 
“No one followed,” Mav insisted. “In fact, no one’s followed me yet.”
Casey tapped his glass with a finger. “Sure about that?”
“Positive.”
He glanced at all three of his friends and then at the pool table just across the room. “Guess again.”
Dane steepled his fingers against his chin. “Bald guy, leather jacket at the bar.”
Casey nodded. “He’s one.”
Travis grinned. “And the muscle at the pool table.”
“I haven’t had a tail.” Mav’s crooked smile suggested he had Casey by the balls and Casey couldn’t wait to break the news. 
“Blonde waitress, tight, black skirt.”
Mav released a low whistle under his breath. “No fucking way. I know I would’ve noticed her.”
Casey shrugged. “She’s your shadow, like it or not.”
Maverick stood and tossed several dollar bills on the table. “Someone will have to introduce me later. I’ve got an appointment with Dr. Thomas.”
It was Casey’s turn to frown. “You sick?”
“Nah.” Maverick chuckled. “The City’s making me take an insurance physical.”
Travis coughed from the other side of the table. “Verity’s doing your physical?”
Casey sucked in a breath as six eyes turned to focus on Travis. 
“Yeah.” Maverick answered with a grin. “Verity gets to see me naked.”
Dane folded his arms across his chest and leaned back while he continued to study Travis. “Since when do you call her Verity?”
“I hauled her out of here stone-drunk, remember?”
“Did she remember?” Dane prodded.
Casey snickered under his breath. Watching Travis squirm was well worth drinking iced tea with peanuts. 
“Where exactly did you haul her?” Dane pressed.
“Home,” Travis spat. 
“Yours or hers?”
Casey knew one hundred percent she didn’t come home with Travis but kept his mouth shut. Maybe it was the cop in him but he waited to see if the other man would hang himself.
“Hers.” Travis tossed back his remaining tea. “She passed out on the way.”
“Too bad.” Maverick chuckled. “I’m sure she’ll be wide awake this afternoon.”
“Yeah, too bad,” Travis mumbled.
Casey raised an eyebrow. “What was that, Trav?”
“Nothing.” His friend shot him a glare and then stood. “I’ve got to get back to the station.”
“Right behind you.” Dane glanced at Casey. “I told Vanessa I’d meet her for dinner at eight.”
Casey nodded. “I’ll make sure Annessa stays put.”
“I’m sure you will, my friend.” Dane slapped him on one shoulder. “I’m sure you will.”

CHAPTER TEN


“Told ya he’d cave.” Annessa glanced at a storefront window and gave her sister a smug smile while Agent Ramano shuffled them both into a corner boutique. Boudreaux’s, a connoisseur of pure seduction.
“Thank God you’ve mastered the art of flirtation,” Vanessa mumbled. 
“Yeah well, I needed some air.”
“Amen, sister.” Vanessa nudged her elbow then lowered her voice to a whisper. “Do you feel guilty making Agent Ramano suffer through this?”
Annessa moved her gaze around the boutique at the racks and displays of lingerie. Any size, material or color a girl desired. Naughty to nice, virginal to sex-kitten, Boudreaux’s had it all. 
She gave the sexy cop a wink. “Does your girlfriend shop, Agent Ramano?”
“I don’t have a girlfriend, Miss Dupree.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Sister?”
“I do have one of those.” He flashed her a killer smile as he propped himself against a nearby wall. “She has a black belt in shopping.”
She giggled and urged her sister toward a nearby display. “He’ll be just fine.”
Vanessa picked up an emerald green nightie. “This would look beautiful on you.”
“I have it.” She bit back a grin and traded it for a pale pink teddy. “I know it’s customary to have one of these for your wedding night, but I’m thinking we should probably just invest in body paint or something.”
“And what exactly do you know about body paint?” Vanessa’s eyes twinkled with mischief as they moved to shop another rack. 
“Nothing.” Yet. “I only meant that Dane will not leave one article of clothing on your body one minute longer than absolutely necessary.”
“Okay, you’re right. So, we’ll shop for you.”
“What makes you think Casey—”
Vanessa folded her arms over her chest. “Go on.”
“Never mind,” she mumbled. 
“I would imagine your clothes fall off with one bat of his long, sexy eyelashes.”
Annessa snuck a glance at Agent Ramano who, thank God, appeared disinterested in the conversation. “Actually, it doesn’t even take that.”
Her sister burst into a fit of giggles. 
“I’m so easy,” Annessa groaned. 
“I know better.” Vanessa threw a black nightie over one shoulder. “You’ve never made anything easy for Casey.”
Annessa couldn’t have stopped the smile that split her lips if she tried. “And what fun it is.” She glanced back at their silent protection then back at her sister. “Speaking of fun, follow my lead.”
She approached the front counter and gave the silent agent a cursory glance before she spoke to the woman behind. “Latrice?”
The storeowner turned and gave her a smile while she rounded the counter to envelope Annessa in a tight hug. “Annessa, darling! It’s been too long!”
“Sorry,” Annessa mumbled. “But I plan to make it up to you.”
Latrice lifted an eyebrow. “You have something up your sleeve.”
She shrugged. “Well, since Van and I can’t play dress-up today, we wondered if maybe you could line up a couple models for us?”
“You are so bad.” Vanessa swatted her with the black nightie.
“Of course!” Latrice motioned toward the dressing area. “Anything particular line you’d like to see?”
Annessa bit back a grin. “Nearly Naked.”
“My pleasure. Give me a few minutes.”
Annessa approached the agent, whose eyes never left Latrice as she swayed around the store, plucking lingerie from racks on the way. She couldn’t fault his captivation. Latrice Boudreaux attracted attention everywhere she went. Her slim, curvy body, complete with olive-tinted skin and long, wavy blonde hair, stopped both men and women in their tracks, but it was her smooth, soft French dialect that sucked them in. That, coupled with her hypnotizing, deep blue eyes held one captive for hours. As a shrewd businesswoman with a distinct flair for making all of her customers feel sensual and beautiful, Latrice spread magic like a fairy godmother with a golden wand. 
Annessa let a slow grin split her lips. “Have you ever been here, Agent Ramano?”
“You can call me Nick, Miss Dupree.”
“Okay, Nick. Have you?”
“No ma’am.”
“Well, then.” She giggled. “We have two choices. We can go upstairs to the private viewing room or in there.” She pointed at a sofa in the dressing area. 
He nodded and pushed off the wall. “In there. I’m right behind you.”
Annessa leaned to whisper in her sister’s ear as all three of them sat on the sofa. “This ought to be interesting, huh?”
“Oh yeah.” 
She only had time to release a mischievous grin before the first model appeared in front of them wearing what Annessa assumed to be a definite turn-on for most men. The scarlet red boudoir set featured a sheer bra tied beneath the woman’s full breasts and a matching thong. 
Latrice stood next to the model, explaining the sexy features of the ensemble, lifting the woman’s breasts to show the ample support measures and tracing the curve of one hip to outline the shape of the thong. 
Goosebumps danced on Annessa’s arms as she mentally exchanged places with the model and replaced Latrice’s fingers with Casey’s. Her nipples tightened at the thought of his large hands cupping her breasts, squeezing, kneading, stroking his thumbs over each nipple before pinching the tender points between his thumbs and forefingers. And she knew he wouldn’t stop there. He would lift one of her legs and drape it across his hip, granting him easier access to the hidden treasure lower on her body. His hands would slide easily over her skin, his touch light as a feather and burning each and every nerve ending as he moved his fingers over one hip, under the strap of the thong, and then down the vee between her legs. 
Annessa swallowed hard and crossed her legs. “Pretty, don’t you think, Van?”
Agent Ramano cleared his throat beside her and shifted. 
“Lovely,” Vanessa agreed. “What’s next, Latrice?”
Their hostess signaled the next model who appeared before them dressed in a black bustier that squeezed her breasts tight until her stiffened nipples darn near penetrated the material. 
Annessa glanced at Latrice. “Leather?”
Latrice nodded and then began to point out several sexy attributes of the lingerie. Seven tiny hooks were the only thing keeping the model from being naked. No straps, no zippers, just hooks.
Although the woman wore a thong, it wasn’t much of one and Annessa wondered why she’d even bothered. Besides, the black thigh high hose pinched by two hooks on the bottom edge of the bustier provided plenty of distraction. Annessa tapped her bottom lip. Maybe Sheriff McIntyre needed another distraction,
“Yes,” Vanessa whispered beside her. 
“I’ll take one of those, Latrice.”
Agent Ramano coughed and then mumbled something that sounded strangely like “I need to get out of here.” She opened her mouth to tease him and then remembered someone else listened on the other end of his earpiece. 
“Ladies, we should probably head back to the house.”
“Okay.” Annessa stood and motioned to the cash register. “It will only take a minute for Latrice to package our things.”
Vanessa released a giggle. “Meanwhile, I’m going to the ladies room.”
Annessa noticed the agent flinch. 
“I’ll be fine,” Van told him. “You stay here and hold Annessa’s lingerie.”
Annessa bit her lip to keep her jaw from hitting the floor. Apparently, her twin’s engagement had morphed her into a brazen, confident … tease. She shook her head and headed to the front counter. Yeah, good sex tended to do that to a girl. 
She glanced around the boutique, taking mental inventory of the stock on the shelves. Boudreaux’s was already a favorite to many of the brides Annessa consulted; Latrice provided exceptional personal service with her flair for seduction. If she were to move her own business to Mourning Dove Harbor, she’d still have Latrice’s expertise. And perhaps the sexy sheriff would appreciate a private viewing of his own. 
She stifled another giggle while Latrice wrapped their packages and then moved her gaze back to Agent Ramano who shifted impatiently from side to side beside her, almost to the point of annoying. 
“Would you rather wait in the car?” she drawled. 
“Your sister’s been in there longer than I anticipated.”
Annessa frowned. She, too, wondered what kept her sister. “I’ll go check on her.”
Agent Ramano paused only a second before Vanessa’s high-pitched scream filled the store. 
“Everybody out!” The utter calm in the bodyguard’s tone cleared the few customers from the store but did little to stop the terror that climbed Annessa’s spine. 
“No!”
She lunged to run to the back of the store, stopped by the tight hold Agent Ramano had on her waist. Before she had time to argue, he shoved her behind him. 
“Out the front, Miss Dupree,” he ordered. 
Black dots danced in her vision as Annessa peered over his shoulder to see two men drag her sister across the dressing area.
Agent Ramano drew his gun. “Freeze!”
She opened her mouth to scream again when both she and Latrice were whisked out the front door by another agent. A third turned the lock before disappearing from view. 
Annessa beat on the glass until her knuckles stung and it was only when her body was lifted into the air did she stop screaming. 

“Annessa.”
Casey stroked her hair while he tucked her against his body, hoping to warm her enough to stop shaking. 
“V – V- a – n …” Her tears fell from her eyes like heavy raindrops and her teeth clanked at the force of her speech. 
“Ssssh. She’s okay.”
“No, she’s not! I heard her scream!”
He wiped the tears from her eyes and tried hard to harness his incredible fear. He hadn’t lied. Vanessa was okay for the moment, but in a whole shitload of trouble. 
Wailing sirens drowned her distress as ambulances and fire trucks converged on the area. Police cars soon followed and officers cleared the block, marking off a crime scene. 
“Sit.”
He released a heavy sigh as an unusually docile Annessa lowered herself to the curb. “What happened?”
“D – d- don’t know,” she chattered. “Van went to the bathroom and then we heard her scream.”
“Take a breath, baby.”
Her shoulders heaved while she did as he said, her body still shaking out of control.
“Again.”
She shook her head. “I can’t,” she wailed. “Casey, do something! Anything!”
Desperate to stop her pain, he squatted in front of her, grabbed her shoulders, and squeezed. “Annessa, enough. Think. What did you see?”
“Not much. I waited at the sales counter because Agent Godzilla wouldn’t let me check on her.”
“You bought something?”
She gave him a slow nod. 
“What color?”
“Black,” she whispered. 
He moved his thumbs to wipe the tears from her cheeks and wished like hell he could erase the pain. “Long or short?”
“Short.”
“Silky?” he pressed.
She paused. Her mouth opened and then closed. Suddenly, the terror seemed to drift from her eyes. “You’re trying to distract me.”
“Is it working?”
“Somewhat.” She took a deep breath and then exhaled slowly. “Where’s Latrice?”
“In the car with an agent.”
She gave a slow nod. “Leather.”
His thumbs stalled. “Huh?”
“Not silky, leather.”
He ran a hand through his hair, not quite sure how to react. He only meant to calm her. Leave it Annessa to beat him at his own game. A few seconds later, he’d never been so relieved in his life to see a uniformed Dane approach them. 
“Somebody brief me.” Dane wrapped Annessa in a blanket then motioned Casey to sit beside her. 
He sat and folded her into his embrace. “Ramano radioed for back-up. Vanessa was taken hostage inside.”
Annessa whimpered yet Dane remained amazingly calm. For once in his highly controlled life, Casey was at a loss. He had absolutely no idea how to handle this situation. 
He glanced at Dane. “Where’s Dupree?” 
“He and Mav brought the ladder truck,” Dane answered. “The upstairs window is open.”
Annessa pushed out of his arms and stood. “I can fit better than anyone.”
Casey grasped an arm and attempted to pull her back down to the cement. “Absolutely not.”
“Yes.” She swatted his hands. “It’s our only option.” The heavy blanket smacked Dane in the face when Annessa tossed it his direction. “It’s me they want.”
“No.” Casey stood and looked her directly in the eye. 
Dane shoved the blanket into a heap. “He’s right, Annessa. Ramano and his guys will handle it.”
“That’s my sister in there!” Casey watched, somewhat amused when Annessa’s inner three-year-old diva attempted to take charge. “And your fiancée, Dane!” She spun back around and poked his chest with her index finger. “I’m going after her, like it or not.”
“Ness.” Casey captured her finger in his grip. “Sit.”
His stomach churned like an overloaded washing machine when she finally said what they were all thinking. “They probably don’t even realize they have the wrong woman.”
Casey pulled his gaze from Annessa to see Travis and Agent Ramano jog toward them. Travis squatted in front of his sister.
“Are you hurt?”
She shook her head. “I want them to trade me for her.”
“No, baby. That’s not the answer.”
Her shoulders shook violently and tears once again poured from her eyes. Casey felt like someone had ripped his heart from his chest. Travis appeared to be just as desperate. 
“Annessa.”
Casey glanced up at the sound of a feminine voice. “Hey, Verity.”
Travis grunted as Verity bumped him to the side with one hip. “You’ve got to stay calm.” She pushed Annessa’s hair back from her face. “Take a deep breath so you won’t hyperventilate.”
Annessa took a deep breath. 
“Good,” Verity told her. “Now another.”
In the next few seconds, Annessa’s sobs quieted. Casey seriously considered planting a big, wet kiss right smack in the middle of Verity’s lips. Except, Travis hadn’t taken his eyes off her the whole time she comforted Annessa. 
Interesting. 
Ramano finally ambled over. “We’ve got an ID on the two perps.”
Casey fought the urge to ask him what the hell took so long. “Marcelli?”
“No. Our sources indicate they don’t work for Marcelli. In fact, he’s attempted to contact Annessa several times.”
Annessa groaned. “I thought he was responsible.”
“Apparently he wanted to warn you. Did you get a good look at them?”
“The bigger one is bald, angry-looking, and has a jagged scar over his left eyebrow.”
“Max Mad-Man Lucetti. What about the other?”
“Tall and thin. Someone reeked of cigarette smoke.”
“Reggie The Locomotive Valero. Both members of Johnny Ricci’s organization, a rival of Marcelli’s. Shouldn’t be hard to take them down.”
Casey squeezed the bridge of his nose. “Anybody else inside?”
“No. We managed to clear the store.”
Annessa glanced at Travis and then back at him. “Trade me.” 
“Annessa,” Casey growled.
Ramano tilted his head to one side. “That’s not a bad idea.”
Casey’s jaw ached with the force of keeping his mouth shut. What the fuck was he thinking? “Ramano--”
“We’ll wrap her in a vest and put two snipers in the air.”
“They want to murder her!”
“I don’t think so. Marcelli mentioned the diamond bracelet. Do you have it?”
Annessa lifted her left wrist. 
Casey’s forehead cramped with the force of his groan. “What the hell is so special about that bracelet?”
“Lucetti and Valero want it. According to Marcelli, it’s a Ricci family heirloom worth close to a million dollars. Marcelli ended up with it because Ricci’s son couldn’t repay a debt. Long story short, Ricci refuses to pay and wants the bracelet returned.”
“They won’t settle for the bracelet. Not now.”
“If we use Annessa to distract them, we can move in quickly.” 
Incredible fear sliced his gut into pieces. “What if they hurt her?”
“We won’t give them a chance.”
One look into Annessa’s eyes told him he had no choice but to agree. Annessa wouldn’t hesitate to defy him. Not when Vanessa’s life was at stake. He glanced at Annessa then back at Ramano. “On one condition.”
“Of course,” Annessa grumbled while she pinched the bridge of her nose. “There are always stipulations with you, Casey.”
“I’m going in with you.”
“No!”
“It’s either both of us or no one.” He gave a slight nod to Ramano who then left the area. 
“Uh, Casey.” Travis cleared his throat. “Are you sure about this?”
“Hell no I’m not sure about this!” His fists opened and closed with the force of his temper. “You know as well as I do that she’ll run in there alone if I don’t go.”
“Annessa—” Travis stopped and frowned when Verity punched him in the shoulder.
“Stay out of it,” she mumbled.
Ramano returned and handed him two bulletproof vests. “The fire truck is positioned so that the ladder will lead you to the window.”
Casey snatched the vests, grabbed Annessa’s hand, and then dragged her to the truck. “C’mon, let’s get this over with.”

Had it been any other place, Annessa would’ve been extremely turned on while they stood behind the fire engine and he unbuttoned her blouse and slid it from her shoulders. Now was not that time or place.
“Casey, I trust you with my life but I refuse to let you bail me out this time.”
“You don’t have a choice.” He buckled the straps on her vest and yanked them tight. “No way in hell are you going in alone.”
“And what if we don’t come out?” she spat while she pushed his hands from her body and replaced her top. 
“You will.” 
Terror be damned. Her mouth watered as he unbuttoned his uniform shirt, shucked it off, then slipped his arms through his own vest. As if he’d done this a hundred times before, he redressed in record time, pausing only to cup her chin in his palm. 
“If I don’t, I will die a happy man, Annessa. I spent one helluva night with you and now I know where my heart belongs.” Her lips tingled when he pressed his against them. “Dead or alive.”
Her heart plummeted. “No. If something happens to you, I’ll never forgive myself.”
“Annessa, stop! You’re not going inside alone. End of discussion. If Ramano is half the cop I think, we should be able to pull this off without a hitch.” He turned her and nudged her to climb the ladder. “Up.”
“You would make me climb first,” she mumbled.
“Amazing view.”
Despite incredible fear, she released a short laugh and negotiated each rung until she stood eye-level with the window. Sweat coated the back of her neck as she contemplated her next step.
“Mav’s at the bottom, baby. He can help you down.” Casey’s voice never lost its tenderness while he offered her one last chance to change her mind. 
She squeezed her eyes closed and then opened them as she looked over one shoulder. “I love you.”
“Guess this means we’re going in.”
“Yeah.”
She gripped both sides of the ladder just in case he might try to pry her loose, throw her over his shoulder and run down the ladder. Instead, he cupped her chin with one hand and pressed his lips to hers. “I love you too.”
Annessa turned away and eased through the open window until she stood inside the second floor room.
“Holy hell!”
She frowned at Casey’s outburst until she glanced around the room and her gaze focused on a display in the corner. 
She cleared her throat. “This is a private viewing area.”
“I’m not quite sure what happens up here.”
Obviously he focused on the novelties arranged on a table in the corner. And if his earlier confession was any indication, the long, pink vibrator in the middle held his undivided attention.
“I’ll buy one as soon as you save my sister.”
“Deal.” He grabbed her hand and led her out the doorway to the staircase. “Kick off your shoes.”
She glanced down at her heels. No doubt they would click against the oak on the way down. She quickly bent to release the ankle straps and slip them off her feet. 
Casey’s voice issued a no-arguments tone as she stood. “I’m going first this time.”
She followed him down with her heart in her throat and hoped to hell Agent Ramano put those snipers in place. Finally, they left the bottom step.
Casey turned and pressed her against him. “In thirty seconds you could climb the stairs and leave the building,” he whispered in her ear.
She stepped back and shook her head. No way in hell would she let Van go through this alone. 
“Sonuvabitch.”
She barely heard the expletive leave his mouth before he squeezed her hand and they stepped into view. She gasped and held on for dear life when her gaze met her sister’s. 
Valero tightened his hold on Vanessa and poked a gun under her chin. “Fuck me!” His weapon shook as he gave Lucetti a glare. “There’s two of them!”
The other man took a step back. “I thought you said this would be an easy snatch and grab? Idiot!.”
“Shut your pie hole!” Valero squeezed Vanessa tighter. 
Casey inched closer. “You snatched the wrong woman, Valero. Your hostage has nothing to do with it.”
“She does now,” Valero growled. “Give us the bracelet.” 
Vanessa whimpered when he cocked the trigger on the gun. 
“As soon as you release your hostage.”
“Don’t be a hero, Sheriff.”
“Just asking for an even trade. Let Vanessa go and the bracelet is yours.”
Annessa reached into her pocket for the jewelry. Her heart skipped a beat when her fingers brushed another familiar object. As she rolled the notorious tube between her fingers, her vision reddened and suddenly all good sense escaped her. With one more sorry-about-this glance at Casey, she thrust the vial from its hiding place, aimed it into Valero’s eyes and sprayed. 
“Listen here, you Neanderthal.” Her finger never wavered as Vanessa covered her face and bolted from his grasp. “Don’t mess with my sister.” 
The big baby screamed and dropped the gun. “Crazy bitch,” he sputtered as he stumbled to the floor. 
Casey charged Valero and took him to the ground. 
Lucetti raised both hands in defeat as agents stormed the area and handcuffed him. Annessa kept spraying Valero until Casey pried the vial from her grip. “You got him, Ness.”
Satisfied the nightmare was not truly over, she threw herself into his arms and welcomed the heat of his body into hers. Never again would she keep secrets from him – even if the truth threatened to kill her. 
Over his shoulder, she saw Vanessa enveloped in Dane’s arms, his hands caressing every body part as if trying to reassure himself she was unharmed. 
“You are one stubborn woman,” Casey murmured against the top of her head. “But damn, I love you so much it hurts.”
A smile separated her lips as she squeezed him against her. “I love you too.”


CHAPTER ELEVEN


One week later, after Annessa was absolutely sure Casey had chased the evil from Seaside Point, she allowed herself to relax and enjoy being home. Mr. Marcelli had flown to Seaside Point to personally apologize for the trouble and demanded to make amends by compensating Vanessa’s wedding planner handsomely. He simply would not accept Annessa’s denial and quite frankly, she wasn’t about to cross him. 
Instead, she accepted Mr. Marcelli’s contribution and poured every penny of it into her sister’s wedding. Vanessa claimed it was a fairytale come true. 
From the corner of the reception hall, Annessa watched Maverick twirl his latest conquest around before crushing her almost-exposed breasts against his chest and swaying around the dance floor. The poor girl probably had no clue the sexy fireman had already been around the room several times. 
She sighed when Vanessa and Dane moved past her, both only with eyes for each other. Love for her sister flowed through her veins. Dane was truly a lucky man. 
Travis caught her attention when he shuffled by with Verity plastered to him and a definite twinkle in his eye. She raised an eyebrow. This was a new development. Since when did her brother ever dance? And just exactly how well did he know Dr. Thomas? Guilt poked her. Teenage twin sisters tended to put a damper on his personal time. But they had been grown and independent for a few years now and she worried that her brother carried some of the same abandonment issues as she. 
God, she would miss all of them. 
“Hey, beautiful.”
She smiled when she recognized Casey’s voice as he slipped behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. 
“Do you think my brother’s happy?” she asked him. 
“I think he’s about to be very happy.”
“I’m serious. I don’t think he dates much.”
“He dates.” He nuzzled the crook of her neck with his lips. “He’s just cautious.”
“Cautious?”
“Yeah. Just like someone else I know.”
She ignored his jab and tried in vain to ignore the tingling between her legs caused by the motion his very talented lips made on her neck. “They’re hiding something.”
“Who?”
“Travis and Verity.”
He exhaled hard and then lifted his head. “What are you talking about?”
“I think they know each other better than they let on.”
“How did you come to that conclusion?”
“Travis is smiling.”
“He smiles all the time.”
“No, he smirks.” She glanced back at her brother. “That smile looks like he wants to get her naked.”
“Baby, we always want to get you naked.”
“Seriously Casey, I think he’s happy.”
He pressed a kiss to her bare shoulder. “I’m happy.”
“Me too.” Deliriously happy. She just had a hard time convincing herself she could trust the feeling. 
“Think we could sneak away for a few minutes?”
She turned in his arms and gave him a grin. “Sheriff McIntyre, you of all people should know if we managed to sneak away, it would be for much longer than a few minutes. Besides, I think you just want out of that tie.”
“That too.” He tugged on the tie at his throat. “Damn thing’s about to choke me.”
“Not much longer. I’m willing to bet Vanessa is ready to call it a day.”
“Dane was ready an hour ago.”
She released a light giggle. “He looks like he’s ready to undress her.”
“Oh, he’s ready,” Casey mumbled. 
“I’ll go see if I can speed the process.” With a light kiss to his cheek, she left to find Vanessa. 

Casey appreciated the gentle sway of Annessa’s hips as she moved across the room and pried Dane and Vanessa apart. As soon as she handed Vanessa a bouquet of flowers, Dane made a beeline toward him. 
“She might as well hand them to Annessa,” Dane said as he propped himself up against the wall next to Casey. 
Casey lifted an eyebrow. “Why?”
“Because, my friend, you are next.”
“I wouldn’t count on it.”
Dane frowned. “What the hell are you talking about? You’ve loved her forever.”
“And I always will.”
Dane shook his head. “I thought you had this all figured out.”
“It’s not me. Annessa still needs to make the decision to stay.”
“You gonna let her go?”
“I may not have a choice. She’s not seventeen anymore; I can’t make her do anything she doesn’t want to.”
Dane rubbed a hand across his brow. “Just do me a favor.”
“Anything.”
“Please wait until Vanessa and I get the hell out of dodge before you and Annessa knock heads.”
Casey released a hearty laugh and shook the other man’s hand. “You’re a lucky man, Dane. Trust me, I won’t let anything get in the way of your happiness.”
“Thanks, man. Have you seen Travis?”
Casey glanced around the room and attempted to spot his best friend in the sea of tuxedos. “No, not since Annessa spotted him dancing with Verity.”
Dane’s eyes widened. “Do you see Verity?”
He took another look around the area. “No, do you?”
“No. I think old Trav may have slipped out on us.”
“Annessa swore he has something going with Dr. Thomas.”
Dane shrugged. “About time.”
Casey agreed. Now that the Dupree twins were settled, he was free and clear to sow his own wild oats. Except, it remained to be seen that both twins were settled. One of them was too damn stubborn for her own good. 
He released a heavy sigh. He loved Annessa Dupree more than life itself – even if he had to let her go to prove it.
A swarm of feminine shrieks and giggles drew his attention to where Vanessa had just tossed her bouquet. Annessa straightened her sister’s veil then leaned close to place a kiss on her cheek. Tears glistened on Vanessa’s cheeks and sparkled in the room’s bright lights as Annessa led her from the party. 
“Looks like you’re almost home free,” he told Dane. 
“Yeah.” The other man smiled like a mischievous two year old. “I’ll see you in a week.”

Hours later, locked away from the world in her bedroom, Annessa took one look at Casey and knew this night would be the death of her. No matter what happened tomorrow, she would always treasure this night. Tonight she would love him for the last time, physically, anyway. She wouldn’t let herself be so naive as to believe she’d ever stop loving him. The thought alone stopped her heartbeat. 
She moved her gaze to his eyes, hoping to find reassurance in the depths. Reassurance she was doing the right thing by leaving him. Reassurance that he understood. Reassurance that he loved her. 
“Don’t think it to death, Ness.” Casey slipped the spaghetti straps of her gown from her shoulders then spun her around to lift the garment over her head.
A wave of heat came over her when he pressed a gentle kiss between her shoulder blades. “We have tonight. Just enjoy.”
Annessa squeezed her eyes closed and forced everything but the exquisite satisfaction of Casey’s touch from her mind. Her dress slid the length of her body until it lay in a pool of silk on the floor. He loosened the clasp of her bra and then stripped it from her body until it lay with the dress. Her nipples pebbled when he took her breasts into his hands, squeezing and massaging with his heated touch. 
She leaned her head back onto his shoulder and moaned. “You’re so good at this.”
His low chuckle tickled the top of her head. “Only with you.”
Annessa moaned again and thrust her breasts further into his hands. His fingers found each nipple and squeezed. Sensation shot straight to her clit and it began to throb. 
“Rub harder,” she whispered.
She heard his breath hitch at her request and he rolled each nipple between each set of fingers, alternately rubbing and squeezing. Heat now burnt the insides of her legs, not even remotely cooled by the moisture seeping from between. Muscles tensed and her breathing hardened. She groaned and pushed harder into Casey’s touch, her backside now squeezing his wonderfully hard erection. 
“Casey,” she whimpered. “I think I’m going to—”
Her orgasm slammed her before she could finish. And then all she could do was lean against him and gasp for air. 
He eased her away from his body and lowered her to sit on the bed. It was then she noticed his shaking hands as he tore at the button of his tuxedo pants and the rapid rise and fall of his chest exposed by his unbuttoned shirt. 
“Panties off now,” he demanded as he shoved his pants and boxers from his body. The shirt followed, slung over the chair.
She pulled her panties off just as he covered her body with his. 
“That was so fucking hot.” His lips claimed hers in a hard, pressing kiss. One that told them both exactly who she belonged to. 
She reached between them and took him in hand. He raised his lips and opened his mouth. 
She crossed her index finger over his lips. “I want to be on top.”
He gave her a grin and rolled them over. Still holding him hostage, she returned his grin and then moved down his body until she rested on her knees between his legs. 
“Annessa,” he growled, “not now.”
She ignored him and lowered her mouth until she gripped the slippery tip of his head between her lips. 
“Ah, hell,” he murmured, “just don’t kill me.”
Annessa swirled her tongue around the tip of him, tickling the underside with firm strokes. He raised his hips, thrusting further into her mouth. She pulled him in deeper until he bumped the back of her throat and then she gave a hard suck. 
“Oh baby,” he groaned while he buried her fingers in her hair. 
She fisted his erection and stroked while she continued her assault with her mouth. 
His fingers tightened and he pulled back. “Wait, honey.” He reached down to loosen her grip and braid her fingers through his. “Give me a second.”
Enjoying her power, she allowed him to remove her hand but refused to release him from her mouth. His stomach tightened with the force of his breathing. 
She resumed the up-and-down motion with her mouth. 
“Ness.” He panted. “Damn. Don’t stop.” A tortured growl left his throat. “I mean, stop.”
She released him with a pop of her lips and then giggled. 
He pulled her back over the top of him. “You don’t play nice.”
Staring into his eyes, Annessa lifted her hips to position herself over him. She braced her hands on his broad shoulders as he guided their bodies together. When the thick head of his penis entered her, she gasped in pleasure. 
His hands tightened on her hips. “Okay?”
“Mmmm.”
He gently eased himself further inside, quick shallow breaths escaping her with each inch until she moaned and lowered herself to fully seat him. He moved his hips in an easy pace as he filled her completely, his hot, hard length making her insides scream with want.
The same way he filled her heart. 
His hands found her breasts, squeezing and pulling her nipples once again. 
“Faster,” she told him. 
“No.”
She lifted her hips until she was poised over him, then slid back down his length. Once he was buried deep in side of her, she pumped in a vigorous rhythm. 
“Yes.”
His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed hard and guided her hips in a rotating motion. “You are spoiled.”
“Your fault,” she said between breaths. 
He tightened his hold on her hips with one hand and moved his free fingers to her clit. She gasped as he stroked the slippery nub, her movement somewhat off kilter. 
He continued to guide her. “Hold on babe, we’re almost there.”
He took one more stroke and then rolled them back over and thrust in her, the friction fast and hot between them. She slipped a hand between them and cupped his balls. 
He buried his lips in the crook of her neck. “Oh yeah, baby,” he groaned.
His declaration sent her over the top. Her inner walls tightened and her head grew light as her orgasm took root. He stroked one last time and followed.

Casey forced himself to move beside Annessa, hugging her tiny warm body close. Neither of them spoke for several seconds. Finally, he took a deep breath and a big chance.
“Stay,” he whispered against the top of her head. 
She tightened in his arms and he braced himself for her quick departure. Instead, she trembled against him. 
He frowned and eased her back to look into her face, tears streaming from her big, beautiful, normally-sparkling eyes. He suddenly felt as if he’d been sucker punched. 
“Ness?”
“If I stay, I have to trust you will too.” Her bottom lip trembled. “I can’t take it, Casey. I just can’t.”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
“I’ve heard it before, remember?”
“That was seven years ago, baby. Things were different.”
She sat up and brushed the tears from her cheeks. “Maybe to you.” She gave him a watery smile. “You broke my heart. At least this time I brought it on myself.”
He fought himself to keep from wrapping his arms around her and threatening to never ever let go. That might fix things for a little while but he knew eventually she’d escape. They’d had this argument before and he had no choice but to accept her decision. Even if it tore him in two. 
“You owe me,” he reminded her.
Her brow wrinkled. 
“One pink vibrator.”
She released a short laugh and a smile separated her beautiful lips, still swollen from his earlier assault. “I’ll get one.”
“You’d rather use it alone?”
Tears gathered again in the corners of her eyes and he knew that answering his question would only hurt both of them. 
“I do have handcuffs,” he told her before she answered.
“I miss you already.” 
Her declaration and light giggle soothed his wounded heart as he eased her to lie down and pulled her back against his aching chest. He then spoke the only words he could at that moment. “I love you, Annessa.”
She gave a sleepy sigh and relaxed into him. “I love you too, Casey.”



***

Sunlight speared his eyeballs the next morning when Casey opened his eyes and rolled over to find the bed empty beside him. Sonuvabitch, his heart hurt. He lifted his wrist and squinted at his watch, knowing Annessa had probably been gone for hours. Seven o’clock a.m. He exhaled a hard breath. She hadn’t wasted any time and obviously she’d meant every word when she said she didn’t trust him. 
He sat up, swung his feet over the side of the bed to the floor, and cradled his head in his hands. If only he could turn back time. Anger and regret pushed blood through his veins at the speed of light until his ears rung with the force. The obnoxious jingle of his cell phone was probably the one thing that saved him from exploding. Damn. He knew before looking at the caller ID it would be Travis. 
“What the hell did you do to my sister?”
Casey pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes closed. “She left me this time.”
He didn’t know if the several seconds silence over the line was good or bad. 
“Karma’s a bitch, man. You gonna let her leave?”
“It’s what she wants. If I’m lucky, she’ll still call.”
“You realize you’re to blame for this whole mess, right?”
Casey opened one eye and squeezed the phone in his grip. He accepted total responsibility for Annessa’s broken heart but that didn’t prevent the sucker punch from his best friend’s accusation. “Huh?”
“You’ve spoiled her rotten, McIntyre. Gave her everything she ever wanted. Maybe it’s time you put your foot down and told her no.”
Casey paused to mull Travis’ advice, both suspicious and impressed by the other man’s insight. Neither one of them ever denied Annessa but something told him his friend’s epiphany was a little too convenient. “Since when did you get so smart?”
Travis chuckled. “Since Vanessa called me ten minutes ago.”
“On her honeymoon?”
“Yeah and Dane is gonna kick my ass if you don’t fix this.”
“She’s probably long gone, Travis.”
“You have time if you get your sorry ass in gear. Her flight doesn’t leave Atlanta until noon.”
“She gave you her itinerary?”
Travis snorted. “Hardly. She wouldn’t tell me anything and Van wouldn’t budge. Luckily, Ramano checked the manifest.”
Casey tucked the phone in the crook of his neck, grabbed his pants from the floor and stood to drag them on. “Thanks, man. Do I need to avoid you for the next couple days?”
“Not this time. Just make it right or we’ll both make you suffer. After Vanessa gets done with you, of course.”
“Of course,” he mumbled as he disconnected. 

***

Annessa sat in the airport lounge, half-heartedly flipping through the magazine she bought for the flight. She’d been such a fool to believe her hair-brained decision to leave Casey would work. She counted on the heartache and pain she’d felt for so many years to keep her focused. Instead, Casey healed those aches and pains with his gentle love and patience. Once he explained things to her, the wall around her heart cracked. She sighed. More like crumbled. 
Annessa slammed the magazine closed and tossed it to her lap. Enough regret. Yes, Casey loved her and she loved him, but they were different people now. Distance was the one thing they knew best. 
There was just one thing that stopped her from being comfortable in her decision. Casey had sacrificed his whole life for her. The time he should have been chasing women and raising hell, he spent with her. Taking care of her, keeping her safe when she got out of control, solving her problems. Sure, he’d done the same for her sister, just not to the same extent. She had spoken the truth when she’d labeled herself the evil twin. 
“I’m just a spoiled brat,” she mumbled.
“Yes, you are.”
Annessa froze at the sound of a voice beside her, not surprised that while she’d been lost in self pity, she didn’t notice she had company. Very slowly, she moved her gaze to the seat next to her and into the eyes of the last person she expected to see. 
“Casey?”
His trademark grin made her heart skitter. “You’ve forgotten me already?”
“Why are you here?”
“I should turn you over my knee or haul you out of here over my shoulder.”
She swallowed hard. “I couldn’t say good-bye.”
“You didn’t have to.”
“Yes, I did.” She huffed. “I don’t want to argue.”
He stretched his legs in front of him, crossed his ankles, and then leaned against the back of the chair. “So we won’t.”
She nodded. “You came to say good bye?”
“Nope.”
“I won’t stay, Casey.”
“I know.”
“So what are you doing here?” she hissed, her patience thin.
“I’m coming with you.”
“What?” She fought the urge to stomp her feet and scream at the top of her lungs. Did he not hear anything she said? “No!”
“Stop.” His quiet tone held a definite warning, one she knew from experience not to challenge. “You’ve had your turn, Annessa, for twelve years. I’ve always done what you wanted. Now it’s about what I want.” He paused and she fought tears from falling. “If you won’t stay with me, I’ll come with you.”
“What about your job?”
He shrugged. “Now that you’re gone, there’s not much criminal activity in Seaside Point.”
His gentle teasing only made her heart pound faster. “You’ll hate Los Angeles.”
“Impossible.”
“You—”
“Annessa.” He unfolded his arms and legs and turned to cup her chin in his palm. “I won’t let you go without me.”
Her resistance broke. No matter what, she couldn’t fight her feelings any longer. “I don’t want to,” she whispered.
“See now, that wasn’t so hard, was it?” His thumb stroked her cheek in a gentle massage.
“You’re tattooed on my heart anyway,” she teased. “I hear it’s painful to remove.”
Casey gave a deep, husky laugh and buried her deep in his embrace. Deep in the confines of everlasting love and trust, where she belonged. She didn’t care if she ever came out. 
“That tattoo isn’t going anywhere, babe.”

EPILOGUE


“You sorry son-of-a—”
Travis stood in the doorway a few feet behind Verity with his jaw hanging open and resisted the urge to shake his head like a wet dog. Both of them had been sleeping like the dead when her cell phone rang and his brain was still a little fuzzy, but did she really say what he thought he heard? As long as he’d known her, she never lost her cool and those particular words had never slipped past her soft, plump, glossy lips. He folded his arms across his bare chest and braced himself on one hip against the wall. Maybe all the champagne they drank last night had loosened her lips. 
“I warned you to leave me the hell alone!”
Okay, nix the alcohol theory. Although she kept her voice low, the venom injected into her tone told him she was very much sober and totally pissed off. And that concerned him. 
“Who gave you this number?”
Someone had brass balls. Her fingernails tapped the phone like the rapid fire of a machine gun. Her shoulders heaved from the force of her breathing while the fist of her free hand opened and closed. He got the feeling someone would’ve been passed out cold from the force of her punch had they knocked on the door rather than calling. 
“Listen here, you—” He winced at another colorful adjective. “If you even think about contacting me again, I swear on my great-grandmother’s grave, you will regret it.”
Travis didn’t even have time to react before she whirled around and hurled the cell phone right at him. As the hard plastic nailed him in the left temple, his last coherent thought left his brain. 
Damn, this is gonna hurt.


* * *

AVAILBLE AUGUST 12, 2014
Cross My Heart
(Heroes of Seaside Point, Book 2)
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/446552

Sometimes honesty is a bitter pill to swallow.

Attempting to escape a minor distraction in her medical career, Dr. Verity Thomas finds that statement to be true when she keeps her past private and her present, secret. Only, her meticulously-planned intentions go horribly wrong when her skeletons escape from the closet and take center stage.

Paramedic Travis Dupree vows to keep Verity's secrets, determined to crack her resolve in the process.  Although he isn’t quite sure of her motives, intuition tells him he is wired to cope with the female psyche. After all, he has raised a pair of mischievous twin girls – he deserves a gold medal for patience. 

When minor distraction becomes a major roadblock, Travis is forced to break his word and the couple must dismember the skeletons bone by bone in order to build a future.


AVAILBLE SEPTEMBER 16, 2014
Steal My Heart 
(Heroes of Seaside Point, Book 3)

Realtor Alexa Sharpe enjoys a successful career, confident in her people skills until she must negotiate with a certain, sexy fireman.  Never mind that the man could practically melt a glacier, he refuses to stop teasing her which makes any sort of agreement impossible.  Both irritated and aroused by his cocky and playful attitude, she skillfully dodges his advances.

Maverick Ryder wears his ladies-man badge with pride, annoying Sexy Lexi every chance he gets. Although attracted to both her brain and her body, a bitter past experience stops him from acting on impulse. Determined not to make a second detrimental mistake, he settles into a routine that keeps them both on their toes. 

Eager to strike a deal, the couple finds that teasing leads to full-blown arousal when they are forced into a dangerous game of truth or dare.


Other books by Mia Dymond:


Leather, Lace and Rock-N-Roll
(SEALs, Inc., Book 1)
www.smashwords.com/books/view/87362

It is perfectly acceptable to attend a rock concert bare-bottomed with your panties in your pocket. And even more acceptable to flash your "goodies" to get backstage. That's what beautiful, brainy architect, Rachel Newberry learns when she loses a bet to her fearless best friend, Cameron Tremaine. Determined to ditch her annoying habit of being reserved and controlled, she learns that breaking the mold may prove too much to handle. 
Rock-n-Roll icon Jaydon Hawke (Hawke) is ready to settle down, build a home, and start a family. Spoiled and pampered, he's used to getting exactly what he wants, and what he wants now is Rachel. Except, she may not have the same idea. For the first time in his life, he struggles to win a woman's affection. 
Hawke’s carefully orchestrated plans go awry when Rachel's professional reputation is challenged because of their relationship - and the crazed stalker who has sights set on Rachel doesn't help much either. In a desperate attempt to gain her trust, Hawke must break her heart to save her very life.


Outspoken Angel
(SEALs, Inc., Book2)
www.smashwords.com/books/view/90312

What do you get when you cross a flamboyant, smart-mouthed interior designer with a disciplined, reserved Navy SEAL?

A bald, beefy Adonis with exceptional fashion sense.

Cameron Tremaine lives life to the fullest, successful in business and fiercely independent.  She digs in her heels when her best friend, Rachel, assigns the task of protecting her from a stalker to Max, head of security for Rachel's rock star husband.  She doesn’t need a bald, bossy bodyguard – thank you very much – especially one oh so delectable as Max.

Handbags, stilettos, and spa dates – not retired SEAL Max Sterling’s usual m.o. –  until Cameron Tremaine.  Max is a self-disciplined, no-nonsense ex-Navy SEAL, for Pete’s sake. Under his command, soldiers fall in line and follow orders as expected.  Except, Cameron’s no soldier – she challenges his every command and does it with a sweet, syrupy smile. 

Duty bound, Max tolerates her sass and smart mouth until she pushes too far.  When someone decides to silence her for good, he learns that bold and brassy go hand in hand.  


Freaky By Nature
(SEALs, Inc., Book 3)
www.smashwords.com/books/view/97541

Former Navy SEAL and private investigator Brett Steele didn't realize there was a politically correct term for stripping until he met Holly London.  Initially drawn to her long legs and curvy, toned body, Brett soon learns there is more to the sensual dance instructor than he thought.

Holly has a colorful secret:  psychic ability allows her to read aura through color.  Believing she is a freak of nature, Holly avoids personal relationships and ignores her curse, rendering it a nuisance - until the atmosphere warns her she has become the target of a madman.  Faced with exposing her secret, Holly must risk trusting Brett in order to stay alive.




Tightly Wound
(SEALs, Inc., Book 4)
www.smashwords.com/books/view/107217

Claire Steele has spent her whole life dodging shadows.  Psychic since birth, she uses her talent to chase the evil lurking in the recesses of her mind. 

For years, Lt. Malcolm "Shadow" Windsor has walked the fragile boundary of friendship, silently waiting for Claire to acknowledge her love for him.  An ex-Navy SEAL and expert tracker, he knows patience is the key to her surrender - until sinister forces threaten to eliminate her.   

Caught between love and death, Claire and Shadow must combine both talent and skill to survive. 


AVAILABLE OCTOBER 14, 2014
The Cat’s Meow
(SEALs, Inc., Book 5)

Tess Michaels, bookkeeper and human calculator, keeps business at The Cathouse clearly profitable - until the numbers begin to fade. When the profit margin drops, she realizes that there is no number more final than zero.

Matt Brooks, former Army Ranger and newest member of SEALs, Inc., agrees to investigate, immediately intrigued and aroused by Tess’ numerical ability. Her uncanny love of numbers strikes a chord with his own analytical mind and he soon learns that there is a whole lot more to the sexy number-cruncher than he thought.

Swept into a whirlwind romance, the couple works diligently to discover the cause of the profit loss.  Yet when Tess becomes his prime suspect, Matt must do some quick calculations of his own to prove her innocence.


Never Cry Uncle
www.smashwords.com/books/view/115187

Often a dead-end job is so ... dead.

When Allison Campbell and Lucy Monroe learn their boss is cheating them out of bonus money, they decide blackmail is the perfect revenge - until he ends up dead and they become prime suspects.  Fearing the worst but refusing to ask for family assistance, Allison hires Luke Owens, private investigator.  

Working behind the scenes are Allison's uncles (members of the notorious Scarletti family) who discreetly conspire to use the situation to their advantage.  With help from Don Antonio Scarletti, now reincarnated as a two hundred pound Rottweiler known as Scar, they launch an elaborate matchmaking scheme.   

Armed with honorable intentions, Luke ultimately finds himself helping the lead detective, chasing Allison, and working for the Scarletti family all at the same time.  He finds out firsthand just exactly what paves the road to good intentions. 

Racing the District Attorney to solve the mystery, Allison and Luke must risk both their hearts and their lives to catch the real killer. 


Playing with Fire
(Primrose, Minnesota, Book 1)
www.smashwords.com/books/view/123319

Liberty doesn’t come cheap. In fact, she costs $200 an hour. 

Dr. Liberty Prescott is trained to heal - problem is, she can’t practice what she preaches.  Forced to deal with her own weaknesses, she leads a quiet, solitary life, focused on healing her patients. 

Fire Inspector Shane Hartwell fights demons in the dark. Held hostage by both fear and pride, he refuses to give in until he has no other choice.  Desperate to end his torture, he seeks Liberty’s help. 

As attraction sparks between them, an arsonist burns out of control and evidence points straight to Liberty. Against his heart’s denial, Shane accuses her until new evidence emerges. Now with his heart in his hands, can he reclaim hers? 


Positively Criminal
(Primrose, Minnesota, Book 2)
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/287558

Dr. Sabrina Miller is the queen of camouflage, and keeps her closely-guarded secrets locked deep in her heart. Fiercely dedicated to helping others, she refuses to let anyone interfere with her carefully-planned, somewhat out-of-the-ordinary techniques.

Detective Jake Rawlings knows he holds the golden key to unlock Sabrina’s secrets, even if she claims otherwise – he just has to find a creative way to expose them.  Much to his dismay, she outfoxes him every time. 

Yet, when someone other than Jake discovers what she keeps hidden, he must trust both his instincts and her techniques to keep her alive.


The Rogue Reviewer
(Primrose, Minnesota, Book 3)
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/347860

Be careful what you wish for - that's what romance novelist Dara Hamilton reminds herself when she finds a corpse in her living room. Never mind that her best friend wants to raise of glass of wine in a toast, the murder may not have been all that accidental. Armed with an arsenal of research, Dara intends to solve the crime. 

Detective Mace Turner always gets his man, even if that man is a beautiful woman. A seasoned homicide investigator with an incredibly touchy stomach, Mace works diligently to assemble the pieces of the puzzle, a task made nearly impossible with Dara’s interference.  It is under extreme duress, that he finally accepts her input.

Pummeled by erotic images planted in his mind by Dara's talent, Mace vows to find the person responsible for murder. Little does he know, that person may be right under his nose.


Tri Me
(Primrose, Minnesota, Book 4)
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/398317

What happens at Girls Night Out, stays at Girls Night Out-unless someone is murdered. 

Defense attorney Alex Jennings intends to follow the code until her life is threatened by an anonymous caller. Although not keen on asking for help, she knows there is one man in whom she can confide.

Former Detective Jackson Stewart knows it is in his best interest not to interfere with Ladies Night, but when Alex seeks his help, he has no choice but to man-up and take one for the team. After all, if Alex is concerned, the world may very well be coming to an end.

When Alex’s threats turn to attempts on her life, Jackson must break through her wall of stubborn independence to keep her alive.


Kiss My Sass
(Primrose, Minnesota, Book 5)
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/412990

St. Thomas + Army Ranger = Tropical Boot Camp. 

Tucked in a tropical paradise, sixth grade teacher Marnie Carpenter has no idea how chaotic witnessing a wedding can be – especially with a groomsman obsessed with detail.  Never mind he’s easy on the eyes and oh so sexy, he’s also bossy, domineering and entirely too structured for his own good.

Retired Army Ranger Ryker Adams readily accepts his assignment to attend his teammate's marriage and learns the true meaning of DRAMA when he must call upon his specialty training to secure a certain unruly witness.  A drop-dead gorgeous, tiny stick of dynamite wired for destruction, Miss Carpenter proves to be one of the most difficult assignments he’s ever undertaken.

Challenged at every turn, Ryker does his best to accommodate her independence while keeping her under thumb, an act that proves almost impossible.  Yet, while sparks fly between them, the couple dodges both danger …. and desire.



***

Visit me on Facebook:
www.facebook.com/miadymond


Join my Street Team:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/329806283788966/


On my Smashwords author page:
www.smashwords.com/miadymond

On Twitter:
@MiaDymond


On my website:
www.dymondintherough.com


On Goodreads:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5239409.Mia_Dymond

