TEMPORARY MARRIAGE
By
Thabi Majabula
Published by Thabi Majabula at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Thabi Majabula
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed, this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.
This is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarities to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER ONE 
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER ONE
“You sit here all day, eating my food, wearing the clothes I buy, but you can’t do something as simple as washing the dishes! What do you do all day? Do you sit on your bottom all day in that foreign country you come from? You can’t even perform in the bedroom! You’re not a man, you’re a waste of resources. Get out of here. Get out!” shouted Mpho.
Dalu was standing beside his desk, looking at her. She was furious. She grabbed at his exercise book and tore off some pages. He took hold of the untorn pages, they struggled. He took the pages from her, she slapped him. They both stilled. Dalu watched her as she backed away from him, a fearful expression on her face. He could feel his cheek smarting.
He followed her. She stopped when her back hit the wall. She put her hands up over her head. He dropped the pages in his hand and put an arm either side of her head. Standing at six feet, and of medium build, he towered slightly over her.
“I’m not going to hit you,” he said. Slowly, Mpho removed her hands from her head.
“Having said that, I must also make it clear that this is the last time you hit me,” he continued. She looked at him in silence.
“I clean up the house most days. Today, I got caught up in my work. I’m sorry the house isn’t clean, and I’m sorry that supper isn’t ready. I can take you out if you like,” he continued. She continued to watch him in silence.
He stepped back from her and bent down to pick up the pages of his work. He went to pick up the pages she had torn, then he went to put them in one of his desk drawers. He turned to Mpho.
“We can go now,” he said. She walked out of the room. Dalu sat down at his desk. He closed his eyes and told himself to calm down. He could not believe that she had slapped him. No-one had ever slapped him. She must have had a really bad day, he thought.
Hearing nothing from the bedroom area, he opened the desk drawer with the torn pages. He examined the damage that Mpho had done. He could tape the pages together, and lose nothing. He heard footsteps, and looked up.
Mpho was coming towards him. She looked fantastic. At five foot ten, and voluptuously built, she was a divine vision in a blue dress that showed her legs and breasts to great effect. He ran his eyes hungrily over her, then forced himself to look at the pages in his hands.
Control yourself, you’ve lasted this long, you can last longer, he told himself. He put the pages away and looked up. Mpho was directly infront of him. Her breasts were in his direct line of vision. He panted, wanting to rip the dress off her and suck on them. He made himself look into her eyes.
“Well?” she said.
“Ready to go?” he croaked. She turned away from him. He stood, hoping to get to the car without disgracing himself. If she looked at his lap, she would know exactly what he wanted. He collected his wallet from his bedroom and followed her to the car.
She drove off, clearly put out. Dalu looked out of the window to stop himself from ogling her. He moved his seat back. His six foot frame was having trouble fitting in her tiny Uno. He shifted until he was comfortable.
“You look and smell great,” he said.
“What?” said Mpho. He looked directly at her.
“You look and smell great,” he repeated. He smiled to himself as she stalled the car, distracted by his comment. He looked away from her.
“Where do you want to go?” he asked. She mentioned a very upmarket restaurant, and his heart sank. He was going to be very embarrassed when he failed to pay for their meal.
“Is that alright? Can you afford it?” she asked snidely.
“No problem,” he said.
At the restaurant, they met people that Mpho said were friends of hers. One of the men in the group, Frans, invited Mpho and Dalu to join them. Mpho accepted quickly and sat down. Frans found a chair for Dalu, and one for himself. Dalu watched Mpho talking animatedly, then he looked round the table. There were three couples, besides him and Mpho. The women did not like Mpho, she was captivating the men. Dalu could understand that.
Frans invited Mpho to dance, and they left the table together. The women at the table looked at Dalu malevolently. The men talked about how ready the country was to host the coming international football tournament. Dalu joined in half-heartedly. He was watching Mpho and her dance partner. They were dancing very closely. Frans’s hand inched down Mpho’s back, and stopped on her bottom. Mpho removed the hand, it returned to her bottom seconds later.
Dalu sat fuming. He watched the man whisper to Mpho, she laughed. Dalu’s blood boiled. He stood and joined the pair.
“It’s time to eat,” he said.
“We’re dancing,” said Mpho.
“Excuse us, I want to dance with my wife,” Dalu said to Frans.
“Your what?” said Frans.
“My wife.”
“She didn’t say…”
“I say!” Dalu said aggressively. Frans released Mpho, Dalu took her in his arms.
“What’s the matter with you? I was having a good time,” said Mpho.
“Have it with me!” said Dalu.
“I want to sit down,” said Mpho, and she walked away. Dalu followed her. At their table, she and Frans started flirting.
“We’re not staying. My wife has to work tomorrow,” said Dalu.
“Your wife?” said the people at the table.
“My wife, Mpho. It was nice meeting you all. Good night,” said Dalu, getting to his feet. He pulled Mpho’s seat out, and took her hand.
“I’m not going yet, I haven’t eaten,” she said.
“We’re going, Mpho. You can stand, or I can pick you up.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” said Mpho. She gasped as Dalu put an arm under her knees, one on her back, and picked her up.
“Put me down. Put me down!” she said in disbelief.
“Would you give Mpho her handbag?” Dalu asked Frans. Frans put Mpho’s handbag in her lap, and Dalu walked off.
“Put me down,” Mpho kept saying. At the car, Dalu set Mpho on her feet.
“Give me the car keys,” he said.
“I won’t!”
“I can go through your handbag myself and find them.” She gave them to him. He unlocked the car, and walked Mpho to the passenger door. He opened it, and closed it when she was seated. He climbed into the driver’s seat, and drove to a KFC. He ordered takeaways for them both, then he drove home.
Mpho was furious. He watched her flounce into the house, banging doors behind her, as she went to her bedroom. He put the food in the kitchen, then he followed her to her bedroom. He knocked, and opened it when there was no response. Mpho gasped. She was naked.
“Don’t you knock?” she demanded, as she drew the duvet off the bed, and covered her body.
“We need to talk,” said Dalu.
“I have nothing to say to you.”
“Then listen.”
“I don’t want to.”
“If you want to dance or flirt, do it with me. I’m your husband, it’s my job to give you what you want in that arena.”
“You? Give me anything? That’ll be the day! I’m the only one who provides around here.”
“You provide materially, that doesn’t mean I don’t provide. You’re my wife. I won’t have you cheating on me.”
“I did not cheat!”
“You flirted with that man, and let him touch you intimately.”
“He did not…”
“His hand was on your bottom! If that isn’t intimate, I don’t know what is. You should have slapped him, instead of letting him paw you. That ring on your finger tells you, and everyone else, that I’m the only one you’ll allow to touch you intimately.”
“Then why don’t you? I dress to kill, I dress skimpily, and I walk around naked, but still, no reaction from you. I’m not made of stone! You never touch or hold me, why shouldn’t I get that from someone else?”
“Because I’ll kill him!” Dalu said with certainty.
“Why would you kill him for appreciating what you have no use for? Are you gay?”
“No!”
“Then why don’t you touch me?” They watched each other in silence.
“I want to pay amalobolo,” said Dalu.
“What?” asked Mpho. Dalu could see that he had surprised her.
“I want to be introduced to your family, and I want to pay amalobolo.”
“What does that have to do with touching me?”
“Once I’ve paid amalobolo, I’ll touch you,” replied Dalu. Mpho looked at him closely.
“Who told you about amalobolo?” she asked.
“What do you mean?” asked Dalu, with a frown.
“I mean, where would a kwerekwere like you have found out about amalobolo?”
“I’m not a Kwerekwere!”
“You’re foreign.”
“I’m from the part of Zimbabwe populated by people with ancestors who came from KwaZulu. I grew up with the concept of amalobolo, I didn’t pick it up, or hear about it at a street corner.”
“I don’t want you paying amalobolo.”
“Why not? Won’t it show that I value you?”
“You’re not paying it.” Dalu watched her, trying to understand why she would object to having amalobolo paid.
“You’re ashamed of being married to me, aren’t you? Are you ashamed of being married to a foreigner?” he demanded.
“What if I am?”
“Get over it, because I’m not divorcing you so you can marry another man.”
“I want a divorce.”
“You’ll get it in hell!” shouted Dalu, banging out of the room.
He walked away from the bedroom area to the kitchen, where he paced up and down, then he stepped outside the house. He walked about the townhouse driveway until he calmed down, then he returned home. He opened the kitchen door, and Mpho looked up, startled. She was sitting at the table, eating the food that he had bought. He entered the house, and closed the door.
“Goodnight,” he said, as he went to his bedroom. I shouldn’t have talked of divorce, now I’ve put ideas into her head, he thought crossly. He changed into his pyjama bottoms, and climbed into bed, but he could not sleep. He tossed and turned, then he decided to go and do some work.
He sat at his desk in the lounge, but he could not focus. He put away his work, switched off the light, and sat in the dark. The light came on. Mpho was standing at the lounge door in her dressing gown.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“I could ask you the same thing,” he said. He watched her as she went to sit down. She had a book in her hand. She opened it, and started reading. She laughed sometimes, and at other times, she smiled as she read. She’s gorgeous, and she’s mine, even if she and her people don’t know it yet, Dalu thought. If necessary, he would hire someone to find her family, and then he would pay amalobolo. He bade her goodnight, and went to sleep.
A few days later, he was writing at his desk.
“What is going on here?” Mpho demanded. Dalu looked up from his work. Mpho was standing at the open front door, and glaring at the kitchen area, with her hands on her hips. Dalu followed the direction of her glare. Sis Ruth was ironing the laundry.
“Who are you, and what are you doing in my home?” demanded Mpho.
“It’s sis Ruth. She does the cleaning and the ironing,” replied Dalu.
“Since when? Wena, get out of here,” Mpho said to sis Ruth.
“Mpho…” said Dalu.
“Get out of my home before I hurt you,” shouted Mpho. Sis Ruth picked up her handbag, and left. Mpho turned to Dalu.
“What is going on here?” she demanded.
“I told you, sis Ruth does the cleaning and ironing for us,” replied Dalu.
“I didn’t hire her.”
“I did.”
“I don’t want her here.”
“Who will clean and do the laundry if she isn’t here? I’m paying her myself.”
“I don’t want her here!”
“I do, because I can’t do all that she does, and write as well. I need her services so you and I don’t get into quarrels about the dirty house.”
“If I find her here again, I’ll kill her.”
“Why? She’s helping you by keeping your home clean.”
“I don’t need her help!”
“Are you saying you won’t complain if you find the house dirty?”
“I’m saying drop this pretence at working, and clean the house properly.”
“I won’t do that.”
“Then you must leave.”
“I won’t do that.”
“Dalubuhle, I’m not in the mood for games. Get rid of that person, and do as I say.”
“Why?”
“Because I bring the money, so I call the shots.”
“I bring money too.”
“How? You’re not allowed to work.”
“I do freelance work for overseas newspapers, and they pay me well. I bring money too.”
“I bring in more.”
“We are not going to base our marriage on money.”
“There is no marriage.”
“Oh yes, there is, and it is based on ubuntu, not money, not citizenship, or any other nonsense.”
“It is not nonsense! Lots of couples base their relationships on money.”
“Not us. Those who do that, choose to.”
“I choose to.”
“I don’t.”
“Then you must go.”
“You and I signed a binding contract to stay married to each other for twenty four months. We’ve only been through six of the twenty four months that we agreed on. No one is going anywhere.”
“I’ve changed my mind.”
“The contract has no provision for that.”
“I’ll pay you.”
“I don’t want your money.”
“I’ll give you anything you want.”
“I want to stay married to you, and I want to pay amalobolo.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s the right thing to do.” Mpho folded her arms and watched Dalu.
“Alright, I’ll introduce you to my family,” she said.
“Oh! Great,” said Dalu, very surprised to hear her say that.
“We’ll go to my parents’ home this weekend.” Dalu nodded. Mpho turned to leave the room.
“I’m not firing sis Ruth,” said Dalu. Mpho looked at him, then she walked away.
Next evening, Dalu asked Mpho about her family. She was not very happy to talk to him about them, but he insisted, and she told him about them. The following day, he shopped for clothes and grocery.


CHAPTER TWO

That Saturday morning, Mpho drove herself and Dalu to her parents’ home in Diepsloot. She drove the car into a driveway, cut the engine, and looked at Dalu. He returned her look. She opened the door, and climbed out. Someone came out of the house to investigate.
“Mpho!” shouted a girl who looked to be about fourteen years old, then she went to hug Mpho. They went into the house hand in hand. Dalu climbed out of the car, and followed them in through the front door. Mpho was surrounded by two boys, two girls, and an elderly couple, who were clearly her parents. They were all in the lounge.
“Where’s Nkgono?” asked Mpho.
“I’m over here,” said a weak voice. Mpho left the group, and went to sit beside someone who was lying on the floor. They hugged and kissed each other, with tears in their eyes.
“Who’s that?” asked the younger girl who had met them at the car. Dalu smiled slightly as everyone turned to look at him.
“This is Dalubuhle Shabalala,” said Mpho, speaking in English, instead of the seSotho that she had used to communicate with her family.
“Why are you speaking in English?” her mother asked in seSotho.
“He doesn’t speak any South African languages,” replied Mpho.
“What do you mean?”
“He’s from Zimbabwe.”
“What did you bring a kwerekwere here for?”
“Sit down everyone,” said Mpho, as she rose from the floor. Everyone looked from her to Dalu, then they sat down. Dalu sat on the floor.
“Sit on a chair,” said Mpho.
“This is fine,” said Dalu. Mpho looked at him strangely, then she sat down. She introduced him to her parents, Mme and Ntate, and to her siblings, Dintle and Tebogo were the girls, Tshepo and Mohau were the boys.
“Dalubuhle and I are married,” she said in seSotho.
“What?” said several outraged voices.
“He wants to pay magadi,” said Mpho.
“What do you mean you’re married?” demanded Ntate.
“We went to home affairs, and got married.”
“Why did you have to marry a kwerekwere? What was wrong with that Mashilo boy you were going with?” Mpho shrugged. Everyone looked from her to Dalu.
“What do you expect us to do with him?” asked Mme. Dalu stopped himself from replying in seSotho, he was ashamed of what some had called his atrocious pronunciation. He greeted everyone in English. Everyone looked at him as if he was from another planet.
“Why did you bring him here?” Ntate asked in seSotho.
“So you’d all meet each other, so you’ll know him when he comes to talk about magadi,” replied Mpho.
“I’m not accepting magadi from a kwerekwere.”
“You must. I’m stuck with him for another eighteen months. You may as well get something out of it,” said Mpho. Dalu looked at her, disappointed that she was reducing their connection to its lowest denominator. I’ll change her mind, he resolved.
“Can’t you divorce him? How will we communicate with this stranger? How do we know he won’t kill you, or beat you everyday?” asked Mme.
“I can’t divorce him. If I do, he can take me to court, and I’ll have to pay him a lot of money,” replied Mpho. Dalu frowned. He would never sue Mpho if she wanted out of the marriage, not for a lot of money, at any rate.
He listened as Mpho’s brothers plotted to test his physical strength by roughing him up. The elder onelooked eighteen years old, the younger one looked to be about ten. They laughed together, then they stood.
“Come with us,” Tshepo, the elder one said, leading the way out the front door.
“Excuse me,” Dalu said, as he followed the boys out of the house. He heard someone imitate his words in a very high pitched voice. He followed the boys out of the gate.
They invited other boys to come and watch them beat up a kwerekwere for messing with their sister. They went to the end of the T-junction a few houses from their home, and stopped there. The boys made a semi circle round Dalu and Mpho’s brothers.
“What are you doing messing with my sister? Huh?” Tshepo asked Dalu in seSotho. He pushed Dalu. Dalu staggered, and regained his balance. Tshepo pushed him again. Dalu pushed him hard, and he landed on his bottom. The other boys laughed. Tshepo glared at them, and they stopped laughing.
“I don’t want to fight with you,” Dalu said in English. Several voices imitated him. Tshepo stood, and threw a punch. Dalu side stepped. Furious, the boy tried again. Dalu worked at evading the punches. The boy tired. The audience lost interest, and drifted away.
Dalu and the boy were left alone. Tshepo had bent forward, his hands on his knees as he panted. Dalu turned away, and walked back to Mpho’s home. He entered the lounge, and sat down. He and Nkgono were the only ones in the room. She seemed to be asleep.
Mme, Ntate, and Mohau came into the room. Mpho and her sisters gave out plates of food, then they sat down. Everyone started eating. Dalu was not hungry, he put his plate beside him on the floor. Tshepo entered the room. He picked up Dalu’s plate of food and made to eat from it.
“Don’t!” said Mme. The boy looked from her to Dalu, and put Dalu’s plate back on the floor. He went to sit beside his brother, and ate from his own plate of food. Everyone but Dalu ate, then the plates were taken away by Mpho and her sisters. Everyone left the room, except Nkgono and Dalu.
The floor was hard and cold. Dalu wanted to sit on a cushion, but he resisted the temptation. When he tired of sitting, he stood and walked out of the house, then he took a walk round the neighbourhood. Towards sunset, he returned to Mpho’s home.
“Where’ve you been?” she demanded.
“I took a walk.”
“How could you do that? Anything could have happened to you.”
“I’m fine.”
“Come inside. Everyone’s waiting for you,” she said. Dalu followed her into the house. Ntate was seated in the lounge with three men and a woman. Dalu sat down.
“This is the kwerekwere Mpho says we should charge magadi,” Ntate said in seSotho. Everyone looked Dalu over. He greeted them in English, and they looked away from him.
“Has he made Mpho pregnant?” one of the men asked.
“I don’t know,” said Ntate. He called Mpho into the room. The woman asked her if she was pregnant. She laughed in disbelief, and said no, she was not pregnant. She was excused. Dalu was looked over again.
“We need to talk,” one of the men said to him in English. Dalu stepped outside the house. He went to stand at the gate, watching people as they walked past.
He was called back into the house some time later. Everyone had a plate of food in their hands. His food was at his usual place. His stomach felt queasy as he looked at it. It looked fresh and healthy, but he was wondering if it was poisoned. He looked away from it, and leaned back against the wall. He was startled by the ringing of his cell phone. He stood to take the call outside.
“It’s safer to take the call here,” said Ntate. Dalu nodded and answered his phone.
“Mama, how are you?” he greeted.
“I’m fine, how are you?”
“Alright. How’s Baba?”
“He’s well.”
“But?”
“But nothing.”
“Come on, Mama. Tell me. I know when my ntombi needs to tell me something.”
“Oh, you. You sound just like your father.”
“What is it?”
“We need money.”
“How much? How much, Mama?”
“R4000.”
“What are you going to do with all that money?”
“Dalu…”
“I’m joking, Mama. I can send it to you on Monday. Will that be alright?”
“ETshabalala.”
“It’s nothing, Mama.”
“It’s a lot when you have nothing.”
“How are things now that you’re using multiple currencies in the country?”
“It’s still bad, mntanami. It doesn’t look like there’ll ever be any improvement.”
“Where’s your optimism? Didn’t you teach me never to lose hope?”
“It’s hard to be hopeful.”
“You must stay hopeful, you’ll die if you don’t, and I forbid it.”
“We all die.”
“Not when I’m so far away,” said Dalu. They were both quiet for a while.
“I miss you,” he said.
“I miss you, too.”
“Don’t cry, Mama.”
“How can I not? You’re my only child, and I don’t know if I’ll ever see you again.”
“Of course you will.”
“There’s no guarantee. What if those xenophobic South Africans take you to one of those terrible detention centres that we hear about, and give you slow poison?”
“That won’t happen.”
“We don’t know that.”
“We have to hope for the best. Please don’t cry,” said Dalu. Mama sniffed several times.
“I’m not crying any more,” she said.
“Good girl.”
“Stop it! A girl, at my age?”
“A beautiful girl.”
“Stop it! You’re a flirt, just like your father.”
“I love you, Mama.”
“I love you, too, Dalu. I have to go now. Bye.”
“Bye.” Dalu put his phone away thoughtfully.
“You didn’t tell us that you speak Zulu. Where did you learn to speak it?” one of the men in the room asked in Zulu. Dalu looked at him.
“It’s the language I speak at home,” he said.
“Are you not a kwerekwere?”
“No, I’m not. I’m from the part of Zimbabwe that has people who left this part of the world with Mzilikazi Khumalo. I don’t know how to speak Kwerekwere.”
“What do you want with Mpho?”
“I want to love her, and be loved by her.” Several people laughed. Dalu looked round the room, everyone was watching him.
“Mpho can’t love a kwerekwere,” one of the men said.
“That’s good, because I’m not a Kwerekwere, and if she gets together with one, I’ll kill him,” said Dalu. Several people gasped.
“I’m sorry I married her without following proper protocol, but I’m here to do that now. I’ll be back with my team in a few days, so that you can tell me what you want by way of amalobolo, and anything else,” said Dalu.
“We want nothing,” said Ntate.
“I’m married to your child. Even if she divorces me, you still need to charge me. If you don’t, I’ll bring you something, after charging myself.”
“Wena mfana, you’re impertinent!” Dalu looked at Mpho, and subsided.
Long after he had been longing to sleep, he was shown into a room that he would share with the two boys. His heart sank. He freshened up quickly, rolled out his blankets on the floor, and lay down. The boys talked until he fell asleep. He was the first one to wake up. He freshened up, then he went to the nearest shop to buy some soft drinks. He bought himself some bread, which he ate at the shop, then he returned to Mpho’s home.
Everyone had woken up. Dalu asked Mpho for the car keys, then he asked Mpho’s brothers, Tshepo and Mohau, to help him unloading the car. When everything had been unloaded, Dalu asked Mpho to present his gifts to her family. She called her parents and siblings to the lounge, and told them that Dalu had brought them presents. She looked as shocked as the rest of her family. Everyone looked from Dalu to the box of groceries and clothes, in silence.
The girls, Dintle, who was about sixteen years old, and Tebogo, were running their hands on the box.
“Can we open it?” asked Tebogo. When no one responded, she opened the box. There were tins of food and cereals, as well as an item of clothing for each family member. Everyone looked from the gifts, to Dalu.
“Thank you, oubuti,” said Tebogo, as she admired the dress that Dalu had bought for her.
“You’re welcome,” he smiled.
“Thank you,” said Dintle. Everyone else thanked Dalu, he nodded, then he went to sit down.
“Something’s burning,” said Mohau. The girls quickly went to the kitchen. Ntate put his golf shirt on the table, and sat down, watching Dalu. Dalu returned his look, then he looked away. Tshepo and Mohau ferried the grocery to the kitchen, leaving Dalu and Ntate.
“Why Mpho?” asked Ntate.
“Because I love her,” said Dalu.
“I’ve spent all night wondering why a kwerekwere would marry a South African, and I concluded that you don’t want to be deported.”
“No, I don’t, but I also love Mpho.”
“You’re just saying that because you think it’s what I want to hear.”
“I’m saying that because it’s what’s in my heart.” They watched each other, then breakfast was brought in. The whole family ate together, except Nkgono, who was said to still be asleep. Dalu did not eat.
“Why aren’t you eating?” asked Mme.
“I’m not hungry,” said Dalu.
“Look, mfana, we know people are starving in your country, but you’re free to eat here,” said Ntate.
“I’m fine,” said Dalu.
“You must civilise your kwerekwere. Teach him to eat. How can we eat when he sits there, watching us? Do you never feed him?” Mme asked in seSotho.
“Of course I do,” said Mpho.
“Then why won’t he eat?”
“He’s afraid you’ll poison him,” said Tebogo.
“Shut up!” said Mme. Dalu had a hard time not laughing.
When everyone was done eating, Mpho said that it was time for her and Dalu to leave. She was hugged and kissed. Dalu made his goodbyes, Mpho’s family just watched him.
“Do you want me to drive?” he asked Mpho. She gave him the keys. They drove a long while in silence.
“Thank you for introducing me to your family. I’ll go next week to begin negotiations,” said Dalu. Mpho turned in her seat to look at him.
“What do you want from me?” she asked.
“Love, and I’ll give you love in return.”
“I said I’d stay with you until you got citizenship. You don’t need to act as if you care for me.”
“It’s not an act.” She looked away from him. His heart was pounding. He was disappointed that she did not pursue the subject.
“I’ll take you home to meet my family,” he said.
“I’m not going anywhere with you.”
“You can take anyone of your family members with you.”
“I’m not going. Why didn’t you eat? Everyone thinks I starve you, or that you think the food was beneath you.”
“Was my food poisoned?”
“How dare you ask me that?” gasped Mpho.
“I know nothing about you, and vice versa. Maybe you want to be rid of me.”
“I wouldn’t kill you! I’d be the first suspect.”
“I didn’t eat because I wasn’t hungry.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Yesterday, I was too nervous to eat. This morning, I was so hungry that I ate at the shop where I bought the drinks…You and your family seem close.”
“We are.”
“Then why haven’t they come to visit us? We’ve been married six months, and we’ve never had guests.”
“What’s the point of introducing you to anyone, when we’ll be separating in eighteen months?” Dalu stopped himself from contradicting her.
When they arrived home, he prepared lunch and dinner. He gave Mpho her lunch, then he sat down at his desk to work. When he finished, it was twilight.
“Why don’t you switch on the light?” asked Mpho. Dalu turned in his seat. Mpho was seated on a couch, with her feet tucked under her, looking very feminine and delightful.
“Hi,” he said. He stood and stretched.
“I’ve been here for over an hour,” she said.
“I didn’t notice.”
“I know.”
“Do you want to eat?”
“No, I’m fine. Go ahead and eat if you want to.”
“I’ll shower and go to sleep,” he yawned. She was watching him intently. He yawned again.
“Do you want me to run you a bath?”
“What?” he asked, astounded.
“I can run you a bath.”
“That would be nice,” he said. She stood and left the room. He wondered why she was being nice, then he decided that he was too tired to look into her motives.
“Dalu. Dalu. Dalu, wake up,” said Mpho. Dalu opened his eyes, and smiled.
“That water must be freezing cold now. Here’s a towel,” said Mpho, handing it to him. He realised that he had fallen asleep in the bathtub. He stood, with his eyes on Mpho. She was wearing a very sheer negligee. He felt himself rising to salute her.
He was about to cover the part of his anatomy that had risen, when he realised that Mpho was looking at him there. She looked into his eyes. She was surprised, and a little aroused by his body’s reaction to the sight of her.
“Here’s your towel,” she said breathlessly. He took it.
“Thank you,” he said. She looked down his body once more, then she left. He closed his eyes, glad that she was not repelled by his arousal, and frustrated that he could not follow her to her bedroom, and show her exactly what he had in mind. He dried himself off, then he went to his bedroom. He could not fall asleep. He went to the lounge.
“Switch the light on,” said Mpho. He switched on the light. Mpho was seated on a couch, wearing a dressing gown over her negligee.
“Can’t you sleep?” she asked.
“No. What about you?”
“I can’t sleep either.”
He sat down. They watched each other in silence. He told himself to talk about something, anything, as long as it was not sex. He looked away from Mpho, and frowned.
“What’s the matter?” she asked. Dalu looked at her.
“I’m worried about Mama,” he replied.
“She phoned you last night.”
“She was asking for money. She never asks for money. I send it, but neither she nor Baba has ever asked for it. Something must be very wrong.”
“Phone her, and find out what’s going on. You may be worrying unnecessarily.”
“I have no airtime.”
“Use my phone.”
“It can wait.”
“Here, use it,” said Mpho, as she handed Dalu her cellphone. He looked from her to the phone, then he took it.
“Thank you,” he said. He dialled his parents’ phone number, and listened to the phone as it rang.
“Hello,” said a voice.
“Hello, Baba,” said Dalu.
“Dalu, how are you?”
“I’m fine, Baba, how are you?”
“Alright.”
“Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure.”
“Do you need money?”
“Of course not! We’re fine.”
“I’m glad.”
“How are you doing? Are you paying a lot of bribes to stay in that country?”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“No one’s asked me for a bribe.”
“How can that be?”
“My papers are in order, and maybe I’ve been lucky.”
“Everyone we know with children in that country, tells us that their children spend a lot of money on bribes.”
“Not me. Can I speak to Mama?”
“She’s out.”
“Oh.”
“She went to see your mamncane, whose child, Lucinda, is dying.”
“From what?”
“The incurable disease.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. Keep well, Baba, and give Mama my love.” Dalu returned the phone to Mpho.
“Baba says they don’t need money. Something doesn’t add up. I’ll have to go and see for myself,” he said, then he fell into a deep reverie.
“Do you want to eat?” asked Mpho.
“No, I’m fine. Do you want to eat?”
“No. You didn’t tell me you speak isiZulu.”
“It didn’t come up.”
“Tata looks more kindly on you now. He was all set on sending you away, and forcing me to divorce you,” yawned Mpho. She bade Dalu goodnight, then she left the room.
Next morning, Dalu made Mpho’s breakfast, packed her some lunch, and ironed one of her skirts for her.
Once she had left for work, Dalu walked to a mall nearby. He made a cash withdrawal from his bank account, then he deposited that money into a bank account in another bank. An hour later, he phoned the company that made it possible for him to send money to his parents. The company confirmed that his deposit had been received, and that his parents could collect the money on the following day.


CHAPTER THREE

Dalu returned home, and started working at his desk. Sis Ruth arrived soon after that. In the afternoon, she started ironing. Dalu put his work away, and started cooking supper.
“Why are you the one staying at home?” asked sis Ruth.
“I can work from home,” replied Dalu.
“Is the lady who was here on Friday your wife?”
“Yes.”
“She’s very bossy.”
“She’s alright.”
“You could marry someone who’ll treat you better.”
“I want her.”
“You must really love her to put up with her bossy attitude. Most men would beat her into submission.”
“I don’t hit women.”
“Every man hits women.”
“Not me.” Sis Ruth stopped ironing, and looked at him closely.
“I’ve never met a man who says he won’t hit a woman,” she said, then she continued with the ironing.
“I see that you’re cooking. Does she cook?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
“You’re in trouble, my boy. You shouldn’t let her forget that you’re a man. How can she respect you, when you do the work that she should be doing? No self-respecting man does women’s work.”
“You know that a lot of men cook.”
“At work, yes, but not for their women.”
“I don’t see why not. It doesn’t matter who cooks, we both need to eat.”
“You’d better change your ways, my friend.”
“You need to go, I don’t want my wife upset by seeing you.”
“You’re scared of her. Why don’t you beat her, and show her who’s boss?”
“Thank you for coming, sis Ruth. I’ll see you next time you come.” Sis Ruth packed up, and left.
When Mpho arrived, she opened the front door, and stopped in her tracks. Dalu watched as she looked round the lounge. It was decorated with balloons, and flowers.
“Happy birthday,” he said. Mpho gaped at him, wearing a stunned expression. Dalu approached her and kissed her cheek. She looked at him in shock, they had never shown each other affection. Dalu closed the door behind her, took her handbag in one hand, and her hand in his other hand.
“Do you want a bath, or are you ready to eat?” he asked.
“I’ll have a bath.”
“I’ll run it for you,” he said, leading her to her bedroom. He left her there, and went to her ensuite bathroom.
“Your bath is ready,” he said, a few minutes later, then he went to finish cooking. He had set the dining room table, and lit the candles when he heard Mpho’s footsteps. She stood at the dining room door.
“You’re gorgeous,” he said, as he ran his eyes slowly over her. She was wearing an emerald, figure hugging dress that went to her knees. It lovingly caressed her body, and showed him how very sexy she was. He looked into her eyes. They were both panting lightly. Dalu cursed under his breath, and looked away from Mpho.
“What’s the matter?” she asked.
“Nothing. Come and sit down.”
“Something’s wrong.”
“No…”
“Tell me what it is.” Dalu looked at her.
“I want to touch you. I want to tear that dress off you, and touch every inch of your body,” he said. He could see that his words were exciting her even more.
“I made your favourite food, sit down,” he said, looking away from her.
“Why don’t you touch me?” she asked.
“I’ll help you into your seat.”
“Why don’t you touch me? I want you to.” Panting, they shared a long look.
“I can’t,” he said.
“Why not?”
“I don’t have the right to.”
“Yes you do, you’re my husband.”
“A husband is a man who’s paid amalobolo, and signed a marriage certificate with a woman. Right now, I’m half a husband. I want to be a full husband.”
“You’re already a full husband.”
“How can I be your husband when we know nothing about each other? You’ve never met my family and formalities have not been observed. I can’t be your husband until all those things have been taken care of.”
“When am I going to meet your family?”
“We’ll go and see them, or I’ll have them come here.”
“You’re just stalling, you don’t really want me.”
“I’ve wanted you since I first laid eyes on you. You should thank my upbringing for making it impossible for me to get into bed with you before things are done properly. If I had my way, we’d have left that meeting where we met, and spent the rest of the week in bed.” Dalu could see that he had surprised and excited her. That excited him even more.
“We need to stop talking about this and eat, or go some place where we won’t be alone,” he said in a voice that was deeper than usual.
“I can’t eat,” she said.
“Where should we go?”
“My brother, Kgotso, invited me to his home for dinner.”
“Let’s go.”
“This is great, I’ve never beenhere before,” said Mpho, as she drove into a beautiful driveway. She stopped the car. A woman was standing at the open front door with a child in her arms. Mpho and Dalu climbed out of the car and approached her.
“Come in, Mpho,” she said. Dalu watched as the women hugged each other. Mpho took the child. She hugged and kissed him, then she talked to him. I would love to watch her with our child, thought Dalu.
“Dalu, say hello,” said Mpho. Dalu came out of his day dream.
“Hello?” he said quizzically.
“You weren’t listening when I made the introductions,” said Mpho.
“He was wondering when you’re going to give him a child,” said the strange woman.
“Stop it,” said Mpho, hiding her face in the child’s neck.
“Hello. I’m Dalu, I’m Mpho’s husband,” said Dalu.
“Husband? When did you get a husband?” demanded a man, as he joined them at the door, from inside the house.
“Hi again, Oubuti,” Mpho said in seSotho.
“When did you get a husband? And why does he speak English? Is he a kwerekwere?” demanded Oubuti, as he glared at Dalu.
“He’s not Kwerekwere, he’s Ndebele,” said Mpho.
“He’s kwerekwere. What are you doing with a kwerekwere?”
“What does a woman do with her husband?”
“Don’t be rude!” said Oubuti, then he turned to Dalu.
“What do you want from my sister?” he demanded in English.
“I want to love her, and be loved by her,” Dalu replied in Ndebele. Oubuti looked him over.
“Do you have a wife back wherever it is you come from?” he demanded.
“No!”
“Are you going to marry other women?”
“No!”
“If you give my sister any of the diseases prevalent in your country, I’ll beat you to death.”
“I don’t want to give her diseases, or anything that’ll hurt her.” He and Oubuti eye-balled each other.
“Come in,” said Oubuti.
Dinner went well. Dalu sat watching Mpho interact with oubuti Kgotso, his wife, Precious, and their son, Gary. His phone rang. He withdrew it from his pocket, and answered it, as he left the dining room.
“Hello, Mama, are you alright?” he asked.
“I’m fine.”
“Are you sick? Is Baba sick?”
“No!”
“Tell me what’s going on, please, Mama.”
“I need some tests done.”
“Tests?” asked Dalu. His heart was pounding as he saw himself at Mama’s funeral.
“The doctors want me to go for a brain scan.”
“Why?”
“It’s just a precaution. I’m having headaches. You know I’ve always had them. Dalu. Dalu?” Dalu had been holding his breath as images of Mama writhing in pain flashed across his mind.
“I’ve told you before, Mama, you’re not allowed to die!” he shouted.
“I’m not dying. I’m fine. Really. Dalu?”
“Did you get the money I sent you?” he asked more calmly.
“I’m calling to thank you for it.”
“Stay alive, Mama.”
“You know I will, Dalu.” He closed his eyes after the call had ended.
“Is everything alright?” asked Mpho. Dalu was standing outside the front door. He turned. She was standing by the open front door.
“I don’t know. I want Mama to come here for tests. If she stays there, she’ll die for sure. There are practically no medical facilities where she is,” he said.
“It’s okay.”
“No, it is not okay! For all I know, she might be stuck in an overcrowded, dirty, nurseless, doctorless, foodless, medicineless, blanketless facility, counting the hours until she dies.”
“Dalu…”
“I need money! I need to get home, and finish my latest article, and send it off. Why is this happening?” he asked in a distressed voice.
“You dropped this when you took your phone out of your pocket,” said Mpho. Dalu looked at her hand, she was holding a jewellery box.
“Is this for sis Ruth?” she asked.
“No! Open it,” said Dalu. Mpho ripped the wrapping off, and opened the box. She stared at what it contained, then she took the chain out of the box. It was made of gold, and the main part was her name. She looked at him, speechless.
He took it from her hand, and fastened it round her neck. She caressed it as she watched him.
“Happy birthday,” he said. Their heads moved closer to each other, and they shared a gentle kiss.
“What’s taking so long?” asked Kgotso, as he looked between them.
“Why are you making Mpho cry?” he demanded of Dalu.
“I’m fine,” sniffed Mpho.
“What did you say to her?”
“He gave me this,” said Mpho, as she caressed the chain round her neck. Kgotso looked from the chain to Dalu.
“Come inside,” he said. Mpho and Dalu followed him to the dining room.
When the meal was over, Precious and Mpho went to the kitchen. Dalu followed Kgotso to the lounge and they sat down. Kgotso rocked Gary to sleep, then he went to put him to bed. Dalu stood and paced the floor. He wanted to find Mpho and take her home. Kgotso returned.
“How long have you known Mpho?” he asked as they both sat down.
“Just over a year.”
“Are you married, or are you just living off her?”
“We’re legally married. I’m going to pay amalobolo this weekend.”
“Because Mpho made you?”
“Because I want to.”
“I know all about you kwerekwere men using our women to get citizenship. Once you get your papers, I want you to disappear from her life.”
“She’s an adult, she’ll make her own decision.”
“She’s been hurt, kwerekwere.”
“I’m going to be the best thing that ever happened to her.”
“What did Ntate say?” asked Kgotso.
“He isn’t very happy about it.”
“I don’t blame him. You came out of nowhere, and tricked her into marrying you. You’re probably living off her, pretending that you’re not allowed to work.”
“I have ways of making money.”
“You’re a thief.”
“I am not!”
“Then how do you make money?”
“That’s my business.”
“It’s everyone’s business. I won’t have Mpho endangered.”
“Endangered? I’m not endangered,” said Mpho, joining the men, with Precious.
“This kwerekwere’s a thief,” said Kgotso.
“What?”
“He says he has ways of making money. He must be doing something illegal.”
“He’s a freelance writer. He’s not involved in anything illegal.”
“Why didn’t he just tell me that, instead of sounding mysterious?”
“It’s none of your business. Do you allow strangers to bully you into telling them how you make money?”
“No.”
“Why should he?”
“He’s a kwerekwere, no one can trust him.”
“I trusted him enough to marry him.”
“You don’t know what’s good for you. I’ll talk to Ntate, and we’ll get you away from him.”
“You will not! I’m staying with him.”
“Wena Mpho…”
“We’re leaving. Goodnight,” said Mpho, as she led Dalu out of the room and out of the house, to her car.
“Thanks for dinner,” called Dalu as he followed her. She drove fast.
“Where does he get off being superior? Who does he think he is? I don’t know what’s good for me? Ha! I know better than he knows what’s good for him!” shouted Mpho.
“Slow down,” said Dalu.
“He’s the one sleeping with anything that moves, without protection! He’ll be dead in no time, and he says I don’t know what’s good for me!”
“I can drive if…”
“I’m fine!” They were both quiet the rest of the way home. Dalu sighed, relieved, when Mpho stopped the car infront of their home. He followed her into the house. She stopped just inside the door.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“Thank you for making this room so beautiful.”
“You’re welcome,” he smiled.
“Goodnight,” she said, then she went to the bedroom area. Dalu watched her, telling himself to stop wondering how her lips would feel against his. She turned to look at him, and gasped at the desire in his eyes. She left quickly. Dalu banged the front door shut, and cursed.
“Are you alright?” asked Mpho.
“I’m fine. Goodnight,” he said. He made himself put away the food, then he went to wash the car.
The security guards flashed a light on him, then they asked him to return home, as they had almost shot him, thinking that he was a thief.
He went to his bedroom and sat on the bed. He was woken by loud knocking on his door.


CHAPTER FOUR

“Dalu. Dalu. Are you in there?” called Mpho. Dalu opened his eyes. The sun had risen, and he was lying, fully clothed, on his bed.
“Yeah,” he replied.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.”
“I have to go.”
“You haven’t eaten,” Dalu said, as he sat up, and stood.
“It’s late. I packed some of last night’s food for my lunch.”
“Oh,” he said, as he approached and opened the door. He looked her over.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi.”
“You look great.”
“Thank you.”
“Sorry I didn’t make you breakfast.”
“No problem. I’m off.”
“Have a good day.”
“You too.” They watched each other, then she turned away. He put a hand on her forearm. She turned back to him. He kissed her cheek, then he watched her as she touched it.
“Bye,” she said, as she left.
He hoped that he had not disgusted her by kissing her before getting cleaned up. He freshened up, then he phoned his friends, asking them to go and talk to Mpho’s family with him.
“There’s no need for amalobolo, you two will be divorced soon,” said Chris.
“I want to do this,” said Dalu.
“It’s not necessary.”
“It is to me.”
“They’ll charge you big time to make their daughter leave you if fail to pay, or, because they think we’re made of money.”
“I’ll take my chances. Come, please.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“How can I negotiate amalobolo for a person I’ve never even met?” Dalu thought about that, then he invited his three friends to supper the following evening.
That evening, Mpho returned home with a lot of work. Dalu only had time to tell her about the guests that would be coming the following evening, before she got down to work. She ate the food that he served her, as she worked.
Sis Ruth arrived to clean and launder the following morning. She finished early, then she left. When Mpho returned from work, Dalu’s friends, Chris, Themba and Gola, were already there. Dalu made the introductions, then Mpho excused herself. Dalu sat talking to his friends, and then Mpho returned. She had freshened up, and changed. She was nervous, but Dalu got her to relax. He was very proud of her for charming his friends.
“I see why you’re paying amalobolo,” Chris said, when he, and the other guests, left. Mpho was cleaning up, when Dalu returned to the house. He joined her, and they finished cleaning up together.
“Do you want to pay amalobolo?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Because I want us to have a loving marriage.”
“I don’t believe in love.”
“That’s okay.”
“What if you meet someone that you want?”
“I already met someone I want, I met you.”
“What if I want someone else?”
“I’ll kill him.”
“Dalu!”
“You and I are the only ones in this marriage.” Mpho watched him, then she continued to dry the dishes.
“People get divorced all the time,” she said.
“Divorce is not an option for us.”
“You can’t say that. We may find out unbearable things about each other.”
“We’ll have to learn to bear them. What’s the matter?”
“Nothing,” replied Mpho.
“You keep moving your left shoulder. Does it hurt?” asked Dalu, putting his hand on her left shoulder blade.
“I’m fine,” said Mpho, as Dalu massaged her.
“You have knots. You must be very tense.”
“Don’t do that,” said Mpho, as she moved away from Dalu’s hand.
“Don’t you like it?” asked Dalu, as he led her by the hand to a couch in the lounge. He told her to lie face down, then he continued to massage her.
“This isn’t working. Wait here,” he said, as he left the room. He fetched massage oil from his bathroom, then he returned to Mpho, and raised her top.
“What are you doing?” she demanded.
“I’m going to stop the pain. Relax,” said Dalu, as undid her bra. He rubbed massage oil between his hands, then he applied it to her back. As he worked, he could feel her relaxing. At certain times, she moaned, and he had to restrain himself from moving his head down to hers and kissing her. He continued to massage her, until he could tell by her breathing, that she was asleep. He stopped when the knots were all gone.
He returned the massage oil to the bathroom, and washed his hands. He went to Mpho’s bedroom, and pulled the blankets back, then he returned to the lounge. He turned Mpho onto her back, and gasped, as he looked at her full, and beautiful breasts. Unable to resist, he leaned down and kissed one breast, then he kissed the other. He caught himself up, and stood, turning his back on Mpho.
“Don’t stop,” she said. He turned to her. She was looking at him out of sleepy eyes.
“I want your mouth on me,” she said. He drew in an excited breath, then he went to his bedroom. He banged the door shut, and leaned on it, cursing.
After a while, he sat down, calling himself a fool for not having paid amalobolo when he and Mpho had first married. Neither of them would be suffering if he had been responsible. It would serve him right if he never slept again, he thought.
He groaned, and came awake. He had fallen asleep on his blankets, with all his clothes on. He was cold. He went to shower in his bathroom, then he returned to sleep.
Next morning, he sent two articles off to two newspapers, then he looked at his finances. He would have to borrow from his friends if he was to present even a quarter of what he expected his in-laws to charge him. He phoned each of his friends about finances, and they each pledged what they could spare him.
When Mpho returned from work that evening, he asked her if she had spoken to her father about the time that he could visit him regarding amalobolo negotiations. Mpho was tired and disinclined to talk to Ntate, but Dalu persuaded her.
“What’s the matter?” he asked after she spoke to Ntate.
“Nothing.”
“Does your shoulder still hurt? What made you so tense last night?”
“Nothing!” He moved close to her, and put a hand on her lower back.
“Is it work?” he asked. She moved away from him, he followed her.
“Tell me what the problem is,” he said.
“Why?”
“Because I’m your husband, and I want to help you.”
“You said you’re not a full husband.”
“I’m a full husband in all respects, except the bedroom. What’s going on?”
“Nothing.”
“Mpho…”
“I’m going to sleep,” she said. He watched her walk away.
Next evening, when she arrived home from work, she greeted Dalu curtly, then she went straight to her bedroom. When she joined Dalu in the kitchen, she had a suitcase in her hand. Dalu’s heart stilled, then it started pounding furioulsy.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“I have to go home. Here are the directions for how to get there. I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, making to leave.
“Mpho, wait,” said Dalu, putting a hand on her forearm. She stopped, but she did not look at him.
“What is it? What’s wrong? Why are you so distant? Is it something I did?” he asked.
“Why must everything be about you?”
“Then who, or what, is it about?”
“Nothing!” she said, and she left. Dalu watched her drive off. She was driving very fast, she only did that when she was upset about something.
Furious, Dalu called a cab to take him to Mpho’s place of work. He demanded to see her supervisor, as if he had something to say to him, when he did not even know if she was upset about work. He was told the office number, and pointed in the right direction by the security personnel.
He walked towards the office, wondering what he would say when he saw Mpho’s boss. He stopped outside the office. A man was talking very loudly, and excitedly.
“I fixed her! That stuck up bitch will sleep with me, if it’s the last thing I do. Never-give-it-up Mpho Motaung will be in my bed this time next week. I’ve made work conditions so bad for her, she has to sleep with me if she wants them to get better. She’s the only one in my department that I haven’t bedded, and I intend to ride her until I can’t walk,” the man said.
Dalu was breathing heavily. He opened the office door without knocking. The man talking was seated behind his desk. Dalu stood him up by the lapels of his jacket, then he punched him.
“What’s going on?” the man demanded. He had dropped the phone, and he was nursing his jaw.
“Stay away from Mpho,” said Dalu, as he punched the man again.
“Mpho?”
“Mpho Motaung. Stay away from her. If you get her into bed, I’ll kill you,” Dalu shouted, as he and the man beat each other up. They ended up on their backs, on the floor, thoroughly exhausted.
“Mpho is my wife. If she sleeps with anyone other than me, I’ll castrate the bastard, and feed him his private parts, before I kill him,” panted Dalu.
“You’re crazy. Get out of here before I have you thrown out,” the man panted back.
“Stay away from her, or I’ll be back.”
“Get out!”
Dalu dragged himself to his feet, and staggered back to the cab that he had asked to wait for him. The cab driver was concerned for him, she wanted to drive him to a clinic. He said that he was fine, and asked her to drive him home. He sat for a long time in a warm bath. When he came out of it, he felt better.
“What happened to you?” asked Chris, when he and Dalu’s other friends arrived at his home the next day.
“That’s not important. Let’s get all the money in place, and pick a spokesman,” said Dalu. They sorted out the money, then they nominated Chris as their spokesman, before looking at the directions that Mpho had written down.
“I can get us there,” said Dalu. They all climbed into Chris’s car, and made their way to Mpho’s home.


CHAPTER FIVE

Several cars were parked outside the Motaung home. Dalu phoned Mpho to tell her that he and his team had arrived. Mohau was sent to greet them. He was accompanied by a man, whom he introduced to Dalu as his Malume. Dalu and the man greeted each other, then the man led Dalu and his team into the house.
Dalu and his friends made to sit on the floor, and they were told to sit on chairs. Introductions were made, then the negotiations began. While they talked, a drunk man’s voice was heard shouting. A shadow stood swaying in the open front door.
“Ntate Motaung. Ntate Motaung! I’ve come to marry your Mpho,” the man said loudly.
“What?” said Ntate.
“I want your Mpho. I’ll be good to her, and I’ll be a good son-in-law.”
“Who are you?”
“Her boss, Alfred. Didn’t she tell you about me?” Dalu stood.
“Get out of here!” he shouted.
“You! You! What are you doing here? Ntate Motaung, what’s he doing here?”
“None of your business. Get out of here, now!” The man backed out of the house unsteadily.
“Mpho! Mpho! Keep this crazy man away from me,” he shouted. His shouting subsided as he moved further and further away from the house.
Dalu sat down. There was a long silence.
“You and that boy look like you were in a fight. Did you fight with him?” one of Ntate’s team members asked Dalu.
“Yes.”
“Were you fighting over Mpho?”
“Yes,” Dalu replied reluctantly. Ntate and his team exchanged glances, then they asked Dalu and his team to excuse them.
“You fought for Mpho?” asked Gola, while Dalu and his team waited under the shade of a tree.
“Yes,” replied Dalu.
“Why?”
“I don’t want him near her.”
“They were very unreceptive to us before, I hope this will help,” said Chris.
A few minutes later, the group was invited back to the negotiating room.
Dalu sat in stunned silence after the Motaungs had told him what they wanted from him. It was much less than he had expected, and he was able to pay it all there and then. Lunch was brought in when the negotiations had been concluded. The men from both groups sat chatting like old friends.
“You’ve paid amalobolo, and you’re already married. I don’t want Mpho coming to cry to me about you mistreating her, Tshabalala,” said Ntate.
“I won’t mistreat her,” said Dalu.
“That remains to be seen. We want to meet your parents.” Dalu looked from Ntate to Chris.
“We’ll see what we can do,” said Chris.
Dalu and his negotiating team left after lunch.
“The money that was left from the negotiations will go into bringing your parents here. I’m going home next weekend, can I bring them with me?” asked Chris.
“Yes, that would be great. I haven’t told them that I’m married, please don’t tell them, I want to do it myself. Thank you for helping me with this, boys,” said Dalu.
At home, he phoned Baba.
“What have you done?” asked Baba.
“Nothing, Baba. There’s nothing to worry about. Chris will pick you up next weekend.”
“You’ve made a girl pregnant, haven’t you? You’ve gotten yourself into trouble.”
“I’m not in trouble.”
“Don’t get yourself shot over a woman, Dalu. Your mother wouldn’t survive it.”
“How is Mama? Baba?”
“I don’t know. She never talks, but she’s losing weight. Has she said anything to you?”
“No. Please come with Chris, both of you. I’ve missed you, and I worry about you.”
After the call, Dalu sat in the lounge, relieved that he had paid amalobolo. He had just glimpsed Mpho at her parents’ home, there had been no chance to talk. He hoped that by paying amalobolo, he had shown her how very important she was to him.
The house felt, and sounded empty without her. He went to her bedroom, and touched and smelt her perfumes. He sat on her bed, running his eyes round the room. He went to open the cupboard, and took out one of her dresses. It was red, and whenever she wore it, he feared that he would die from sexual frustration. He turned to leave the room. Mpho was standing at the door.
“Mpho. What are you doing here?” he asked.
“I live here.”
“How are you?”
“Fine.”
“I wasn’t expecting you. You must have left your parents’ home immediately after we left.”
“What were you doing with Alfred?”
“Nothing.”
“He says you hit him.”
“He hit me too.”
“Why?”
“We disagreed about something.”
“How could you hit him? He’s my boss, he could fire me.”
“He won’t, unless he wants to be charged with sexual harassment.”
“What?”
“You heard me.” Mpho looked away from him as she went to sit on the bed.
“What do you know about sexual harassment?” she asked.
“I know enough to kill him if he bothers you again. Why didn’t you tell me about this?” She looked at him.
“There’s nothing you can do,” she said.
“I can castrate him.”
“Don’t talk like that.”
“I’m your husband, Mpho. I want to know about everything that affects you. I want to rejoice with you, and share your sorrows, and help you to solve your problems. Do you hear me?” Mpho nodded.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“I missed you, so I took your dress so I could feel close to you,” he said self-consciously. He read surprise on her face. He went to sit beside her.
“Mama and Baba are coming here next week,” he said.
“What?”
“Your parents want to meet them, so they’re coming.”
“You didn’t tell me!”
“I’m telling you now.”
“Dalu! What am I supposed to do with them?”
“Nothing! What are you so upset about?” asked Dalu. He watched Mpho stand. She took off her jacket and hung it up.
“They’ll expect me to cook for them and…” she said. Her back was turned to him.
“We’ll work it out.”
“You’re a man! You can’t understand the pressures of being a daughter-in-law. If I’d known this would come up, I’d never have married you.” Dalu stood and put his hands on her forearms.
“We’ll work together,” he said. She turned to face him.
“We’ll work together. I won’t leave everything to you alone. This marriage is made up of two people, we’ll work together,” he said. She sat down to take off her shoes.
“I’m going to make supper. Do you want to bath first, or will you come and cook with me?” he asked.
“Let’s go and cook.” Dalu took her hand, and led her to the kitchen.
“I’m glad amalobolo have been paid,” he said, as they worked.
“Really?”
“Now, I’m your full husband.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that when we have those feelings we had on your birthday, we can follow through on them.”
“Oh.”
“We need to go for HIV/Aids tests, and other tests, because I don’t want to pass diseases to you.”
“Yes.”
“We need to decide if we’re having children.”
“This is only a temporary arrangement, Dalu.”
“Is it?”
“Isn’t it?”
“No.”
“What do you mean? We agreed to be married for only twenty-four months.”
“We’re rewriting the contract.”
“Why?”
“Why not?”
“Because we don’t need to.”
“I need a new contract.”
“Why?”
“Because I love you, and I’m in love with you, and I want to spend my life with you.”
“Dalu!” said Mpho, dropping the cup in her hand. Dalu stopped chopping vegetables, and looked at her.
“I could have asked anyone to marry me for citizenship, but I asked you, because I love you. I’m not going to look at another woman, because you’re all the woman I need and desire. If you look at another man, you’d better kill him before I get to him. You’re my wife, and we’re not divorcing, separating, or having other lovers on the side. This is a marriage between you and me alone,” he said. Mpho stood looking at him in stunned silence, then she sat down.
“Don’t worry, Mpho, we’ll work things out,” Dalu said, as he returned to the vegetable dicing.
As the silence stretched, he put on some music. Mpho finally stood, and returned to the baking that she had been doing.
“How can you know that you want me for life?” she asked.
“I’ve lived with you for six months, I know what I want,” replied Dalu.
“There are many divorces.”
“We’re not divorcing. Do you have a husband or boyfriend that I need to sort out?”
“Dalu!”
“If you do, you need to tell me. If I find out through the grapevine, I won’t be responsible for my actions. For the last time, do you have a husband, or a boyfriend?”
“No! Do you have another woman somewhere else?”
“Of course not! I believe in one man, one woman.” They were silent as they worked.
“I believe in that too, but in practise, men don’t believe that,” said Mpho.
“I do. You’ll never have to worry about me wandering. I think it’s disgusting to sleep around,” said Dalu. He noticed Mpho looking at him.
“What is it?” he asked.
“You sound very passionate about that.”
“I am. Let’s finish up, I’m starving.”
After dinner, Mpho bade Dalu goodnight, and went to her bedroom. Dalu took a long bath to soothe sore muscles, then he lay down, but he could not fall asleep.
I should have talked to Mpho about sharing her bedroom with her, I don’t want to still be sleeping alone in here any more, he thought. He tossed and turned, then he threw the blankets off when they made him sweat. A while later, he covered himself with them again, feeling cold enough to shiver.


CHAPTER SIX

“Dalu, Dalu, Dalu wake up,” a voice said. The voice would not go away. Irritated, Dalu opened his eyes. They felt heavy, he kept trying, until they opened. Mpho was standing beside him, a worried look in her eyes.
“Mpho?” he said, but there was something in his mouth, blocking him from getting his words out. He opened his eyes wide in alarm. He looked about him. He was obviously in a hospital, he was on a drip, and there was a tube stuck down his throat. He made to spit it out.
“Nurse, nurse,” called Mpho. In his annoyance, Dalu tried to rip the tube out of his mouth.
“Wait! I’ll help you,” said a nurse. The tube was removed. It was an uncomfortable procedure, and he coughed when it was out.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“You had a fever, but you’ll be fine now,” said the nurse.
“A fever?”
“You had internal injuries.”
“What internal injuries?”
“Your wife says you were in a fight, you must’ve been hurt while you were fighting.” Dalu looked from the nurse to Mpho.
“Why have you lost weight?” he asked.
“Dalu! You’re awake!” said a voice.
“Mama? What are you doing here? Am I back in Zimbabwe?” he asked.
“No, you’re in South Africa.”
“How did you get here so quickly?”
“Your wife flew us over.” Dalu looked from Mama to Mpho, and back.
“I wanted to talk to you about that,” he said.
“What did you get into a fight for? How dare you scare us like that!”
“I’m sorry, I won’t do it again. I’m sorry Mpho.”
“It’s about time you were up. You scared my Mpho,” another voice said. Dalu looked for the speaker. There were two other people round his bed.
“Ntate, Baba, what are you doing here?” asked Dalu.
“Mpho’s too young to be a widow. How can you go to the trouble of paying magadi for her, and then do your best to die on her?” asked Mpho's Ntate.
“I wasn’t trying to leave her.”
“How are you, Dalu?” asked Baba.
“I’m alright, Baba,” said Dalu. He looked at the people standing round his bed.
“You lost weight, Mama. What’s the matter?” he asked.
“We don’t know. Your wife took me to a doctor. She said you were worried about me. I don’t want you worrying about anything. The only thing you should focus on is getting well.”
“What did the doctor say?”
“Nothing.”
“He says they need to operate soon,” said Mpho.
“Then we must get the money together,” said Dalu, trying to sit up.
“What do you think you’re doing?” demanded Baba.
“I have to get to work and make money.”
“Get back in there!” bellowed Ntate.
“I need to make money. I can’t sit here and wait for Mama to die,” said Dalu.
“No one is dying,” said Baba.
“But…”
“You should worry about getting well, and putting poor Malokazana out of her misery.” Dalu looked at Mpho, and frowned.
“I’m fine,” said Mpho. Dalu looked from her, to Mama.
“What are you two trying to do? Let’s go home, and I’ll feed you both,” he said.
“You’re staying here to get well,” said Baba.
“But…”
“When you’re well, your mother and your wife will stop worrying, and they’ll eat.”
Visiting time ended. The nurses moved Dalu from ICU to a private room. He discovered that he hated being in hospital. He wanted to be home, with Mpho. He took his medicines after supper, then he fell asleep. Over the next two days, he dreaded the end of visiting time. Mpho visited him every morning and evening, his parents visited him thrice a day. In between the visits, he saw no reason why he could not recover while lying comfortably in his own bed.
On the third morning, after Mpho and his parents had left, he discharged himself after hiring a cab to take him home. The cab was let into his townhouse complex by security, then it stopped outside his home. Baba looked up from the reading that he had been doing on a deck chair, in the sun. Dalu opened the door.
“Baba,” he called. Baba moved close to the cab, and peered into the back seat.
“Dalu? What are you doing here?” he demanded.
“Please, help me in,” Dalu said, tiredly.
“You belong in a hospital.”
“I want Mpho.”
“She’s at work.”
“I’ll wait. I want to sleep.”
He came awake, and smiled. Mpho was seated beside him, on the bed, looking at him.
“What are you doing here? Are you trying to get yourself killed? I couldn’t believe it when your Baba phoned to say you’re here. What made you leave the hospital?” she asked.
“I missed you.”
“That’s no reason to be careless with your health. I’m not a nurse, I don’t know what to do with you.”
“I’m fine.”
“I’ve hired you a nurse. Co-operate with him, or go back to hospital.”
“I’ll work with him,” Dalu said. Mpho’s anger subsided.
“You’re beautiful,” said Dalu.
“How can you say things like that when you’re at death’s door?”
“I’m not dying. I don’t want to die. I don’t want to be without you.” They shared a long look, then Mpho stood and took off her jacket.
“How was work?” asked Dalu.
“Fine.”
“Did Alfred bother you again?”
“No.”
“Then what’s the problem?”
Just then, Mama entered the room carrying a tray. Dalu made to climb out of bed.
“What are you doing?” she and Mpho asked at the same time.
“That tray’s too heavy,” said Dalu, falling back with a frustrated sound. Mpho took the tray from Mama, and Dalu made to climb out of bed again.
“Wena Dalubuhle, stop that. Are you trying to die on our hands? Isn’t it bad enough that you left the hospital before you were cleared to do so by the doctors? Don’t try to make us look like murderers,” said Mama. Dalu looked from her to Mpho, and subsided.
Mpho put the tray on Dalu’s bedside table, as Mama patted his pillows for him to sit up to eat.
“I need the bathroom,” he said. He pushed the bedding off his body, and sat up slowly. He put his feet on the floor, and stood shakily. Mpho put an arm round his waist.
“I can manage,” he said. Mpho released him. He almost fell. She put an arm round his waist again.
“Let me go,” he commanded.
“I’ll give you a good hiding, mfana. The child is trying to help you, Dalu. Work with her,” said Mama.
“I want Baba, or the nurse,” said Dalu.
“They’re not here.”
“I want you both to go away. I’ll get to the bathroom on my own.”
“Have you gone mad? There’s no way you can take two steps without falling. Hold him firmly, Malokazana, let’s get him to the bathroom,” Mama said firmly, as she put an arm round his waist from his other side.
“I’ll manage!” shouted Dalu.
“What’s going on here? What’s the matter, Dalu?” asked Baba, from the bedroom door.
“He’s hysterical because we want to help him to the bathroom,” said Mama.
“I’ll help him.”
“We can…”
“Excuse us,” Baba said firmly. Mama released Dalu, and stepped away from him. Baba replaced Mama beside Dalu, and supported him. Mpho released Dalu, and the two women left the room.
Dalu came out of the bathroom furious with himself. Baba had been forced to help him onto the toilet seat, then help him into the bathtub, and he had bathed him too. Dalu could not decide whether he was furious with himself for falling sick, or for discharging himself, and coming home to look useless infront of Mpho.
Baba helped him into underwear, and a pair of pyjama bottoms, then he helped him into bed and put the tray of food across Dalu’s lap.
“I don’t want to eat,” said Dalu.
“You have to get your strength back,” said Baba.
“For what?”
“So that you can live, mfana. Do you want to die? Have something to eat,” Baba said, putting a forkful of food infront of Dalu.
“I can do it,” Dalu said, taking the fork from Baba. He was too weak to get the fork to his mouth. He closed his eyes, feeling tears of frustration smarting behind his closed eyelids. Someone knocked on the closed bedroom door.
“Can I come in, Dalu?” asked Mpho. Dalu sat up straighter. He frowned, as he noticed Baba hiding a smile.
“Come in,” he called. Mama and Mpho came into the room. Dalu was pleased to see that Mpho was impressed by his having freshened up.
“Can I help you with anything?” she asked.
“I’m fine, thanks,” he said.
“You haven’t touched your food,” said Mama.
“I’ll eat just now.” Dalu watched as Mpho walked to his side. She put the back of one hand on his forehead, and on his cheek.
“You don’t have a temperature,” she said, sounding relieved. He watched as she picked up her clothes. They were everywhere. Only then did he notice that Baba had helped him into Mpho’s bedroom.
“Where are your shirts?” asked Baba.
“I’ll get him a shirt,” said Mpho, then she left the room.
“Why are your clothes in another room? Are you and your wife using separate bedrooms? You must sort out your problem, and sleep together. Using separate bedrooms is no way to maintain a marriage,” said Baba. Dalu noticed Mpho at the door. She was holding one of his shirts, and looking very embarrassed.
“Most of my clothes are in the room we use for laundry,” said Dalu. Mpho entered the room and took the shirt to Dalu. Dalu took it, and tried to put it on. He was slow and when Mpho tried to help him, he insisted on doing it himself. He was exhausted and sweating when he finished. He had no energy to do up his buttons. Mpho made to do them up for him.
“Leave me alone,” he barked.
“She’s trying to help you,” said Baba.
“I don’t need help.” Mpho left the room. Baba buttoned Dalu’s shirt buttons.
“You mustn’t make her cry, Dalu. We found her crying when we landed at the airport, and now, when she’s trying to help you, all you do is shout at her. She left the room in tears,” he said. Dalu closed his eyes, feeling close to tears.
“I don’t want to make her cry,” he said.
“Then be kinder to her.” Dalu nodded.
“Can I help you to eat?” asked Mama. Dalu nodded. When he was done eating, Mama and Baba started telling him about things back home. He kept looking at the bedroom door.
“Where’s Mpho?” he asked. His parents looked at him in surprise.
“Mpho. Mpho,” he called. She came into the room, and stood uncertainly by the door.
“We’ll take the tray away,” said Mama, and she and Baba left the room. Mpho looked at the door as Baba closed it behind her. She stood by the bed, keeping her eyes on the floor.
“Did you want something?” she asked.
“I’m sorry I made you cry.”
“You didn’t make me cry.” 
“Yes, I did.”
“I was crying about something else.”
“What?”
“Never mind.”
“I’m sorry I shouted at you. I wasn’t cross with you, I was cross with myself.” She looked at him.
“Don’t be cross,” she said.
“Why not, when I can’t even lift a finger to help myself?”
“You’re wasting resources. You should focus on getting well. That’s the important thing.”
“Thank you for flying my parents over.” Mpho shrugged.
“How long has this been going on?” he asked.
“You were in ICU for three days, then you were in a normal ward for three days, before discharging yourself.”
“Sit here, please,” said Dalu, patting a spot beside him on the bed. Mpho sat down. He watched her until she looked away. He took her hand in his and kissed it. She looked back at him.
“You’re wearing the chain I gave you,” he said with pleasure. She touched the chain, then she released it. Dalu ran a finger from her right eye, down her cheek, tracing a tear track.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he said, feeling close to tears. She put her arms round him. They held each other tight. She withdrew from the embrace.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“I don’t want to tire you.”
“Lie down with me.”
“Your parents…”
“Please. It’ll help me sleep.” She stood.
“I’ll be back,” she said, then she left the room. She returned with a glass of water and tablets.
“Mamazala says you’ve eaten,” she said. He nodded.
“You need to take your tablets,” she said. He did not want to, but he took them, because Mpho was giving them to him. She smiled in relief. He lay down when he had swallowed them.
“Come,” he said, patting a place beside him. Mpho made him comfortable, then she took off her shoes, and climbed into bed beside him. He covered her with the blankets, then they lay watching each other. He kissed her lightly.
“I love you,” he said.


CHAPTER SEVEN

When Dalu woke up, it was dark. He was in bed, spooning behind someone. He sat up, then he felt for a bedside lamp. He switched it on. He was in a strange bedroom. He felt panic, until he realised that he was in Mpho’s bedroom. He looked at the person in bed with him, it was Mpho. She was fast asleep. He switched off the light and moved close to her.
He could not fall asleep, and felt uncomfortable. He switched on the light, then he slowly climbed out of bed. He made his way slowly to the bathroom. When he was done, he made his way out of the bedroom. He closed the door quietly, then he started walking to the lounge. He had to stop often, and lean against the wall.
“Dalu,” Baba said. Dalu leaned against the wall. Baba helped him to a seat in the lounge.
“What is it?” he asked.
“I need medicine,” said Dalu.
“Eat something first. I’ll get you some food,” Baba said, as he went to the kitchen. Dalu closed his eyes. Baba returned with food, and fed Dalu.
“Ask Malokazana where your medicines are,” he said.
“They’re in our bedroom, on one of the side tables. Please don’t wake Mpho.”
“You know that your wife and I can’t be in a bedroom alone.”
“She’s sleeping. No one will know.” Baba left the room, and returned with the medicines. Dalu drank the medicines, then he sat back in his seat.
“Do you want to go back to sleep?” asked Baba.
“I want to talk.”
“I’ll take the plates away,” said Baba, and he left the room. When he returned, he had two blankets. He helped Dalu to wrap one round himself, then he wrapped one round himself, and sat down.
“I wanted to tell you about Mpho myself. I’m sorry you found out about her the way you did,” said Dalu. Baba nodded.
“I love her. She’s the only woman for me. We married about six months ago. I paid her family amalobolo some days ago. They’re not very happy that she married a foreigner, but they accepted amalobolo,” Dalu continued. Baba nodded.
“I’d have wanted to introduce you to my wife and my in-laws myself,” said Dalu.
“Your wife’s already done that.”
“I’m letting her down. She was worried about your coming here. I told her I’d help her with everything, and here I am, doing exactly what she was afraid I’d do. I’m leaving everything to her.”
“It’s not your fault.”
“I shouldn’t have gotten into that fight, but he said things about her that I didn’t like. I stopped thinking, and hit him.”
“It’s understandable. We all want to protect our wives. I’m glad you’ve paid amalobolo. No man wants to feel disrespected, and not paying a man amalobolo for his daughter makes him feel disrespected. Take good care of her, Dalu. Wives are for cherishing, not abusing.”
“Yes.”
“Let her visit her family. You don’t want them thinking you’ve killed her, and stashed away the body.”
“Yes.”
“Don’t ever lay a hand on her, no matter how angry she makes you.”
“Yes.”
“Amalobolo do not make her a thing. She’s still a person, entitled to thoughts and views, even if they differ from yours.”
“Yes.”
“Some men will tell you they know how to please a woman, but they please themselves. A woman knows her body best, and she knows where and how she wants to be touched. Talk to her about touching her, and about her touching you. The conjugal relationship should be pleasing to both of you.”
“Yes.”
“Come and see us sometimes. Your wife needs to know where you come from.”
“Yes.” They were quiet a while.
“How’s Mama?” asked Dalu.
“She won’t say. Your wife took her for tests, but the doctors don’t know what’s going on. I only heard about the operation when you asked what was going on.”
“Be patient with her. Maybe she’s afraid.”
“She needs to tell me what’s going on. I’m her husband,” Baba said in consternation.
“Is everything alright?” asked Mama, as she joined them.
“No, it isn’t,” said Baba.
“Dalu…”
“Dalu’s fine.”
“Then what’s the problem.”
“Come and sit down.” Mama sat down.
“What are the doctors saying about your health?” asked Baba. Mama looked away from him.
“I don’t know,” she said.
“Tell me, unless you want me to ask your Malokazana.” Mama was quiet.
“It’s okay, Mama, you can tell us. We’re your family, we’re here to support you,” said Dalu. Mama looked from him to Baba.
“There’s a growth in my head,” she said.
“What?” said Baba and Dalu together.
“All those times when I had headaches, the growth was interfering with blood circulation. The doctors say it’s not cancer, but they need to take it out.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” asked Baba.
“I don’t want to die.”
“You won’t.”
“I’ve only known two people who had their heads opened up, and both of them died.”
“They had cancer, you don’t.”
“I don’t want to be a vegetable, nor do I want to die. How will I carry Dalu’s children if I’m brainless? I won’t even see them if I’m dead.”
“You won’t die.”
“You don’t know that.” They sat in a thoughtful silence.
“They have great medical facilities here, Mama. I’m sure they’ll take good care of you,” said Dalu.
“I’m not going for the operation,” said Mama.
“What are you talking about?” asked Baba.
“No one is going to cut me up.”
“Do you want to die?”
“I’m not dying.”
“Didn’t the doctors say..?”
“I don’t care what they said! I’m not going.” Baba and Dalu looked from Mama to each other.
“Get back to bed. Getting cold is not the way to get well,” Mama said to Dalu. Baba helped him up, and back to bed.
When Dalu woke up, it was daylight. He turned to look for Mpho, she was no longer beside him on the bed. He was alone in the room. He sat up, and smiled. He felt much better than he had done the day before. He was able to go and take a bath. When he came out of the bathroom, there was a strange man making the bed. He looked up at Dalu.
“Hello, Dalu. I’m Dominic, your nurse,” he said.
“Where’s Mpho?” asked Dalu.
“She had to go out. It’s just you and me, until your family returns.” He helped Dalu to dress, then he fed him, and gave him his medicines. After that, he went to cook Dalu’s next meal. Dalu was bored. He looked at magazines, but he was not interested in what he saw. He phoned Mpho.
“Is everything alright?” she asked.
“I miss you.”
“Oh.”
“I’ve met Dominic.”
“He comes highly recommended.”
“When are you coming home?”
“When I’m done here.”
“Where are you?”
“At the hospital.”
“Why? What’s wrong with you?” Dalu asked, as his heart pounded in fear.
“Nothing! Your Baba’s taken your Mama to get a second opinion.”
“She says she won’t be operated on.”
“I know.”
“I don’t want her to die.”
“I know.”
“Thank you for all you’re doing for them.”
“It’s nothing.”
“How’s your family?”
“Fine.”
“And Nkgono? Mpho?”
“She’s dying.”
“Do you want us to go and see her?”
“You can’t go.”
“I can. We’ll take Dominic. We’ll go as soon as you return.”
“Okay.” Dalu was able to sleep after the call. When he woke up, he felt refreshed. He sat up. Dominic was seated on a chair beside him. He asked Dalu how he felt.
“We’re going out. Mpho’s coming to fetch us to go and see her Nkgono,” said Dalu.
“You’re in no condition to go anywhere.”
“I want to be with Mpho. She may need me if something happens to her Nkgono.”
“But…”
“We’ll take my medicines, and I’ll do whatever you tell me to,” said Dalu, as he climbed out of bed. He had just finished dressing, when he heard Mpho calling him.
“I’m in here,” he said. Mpho entered the bedroom.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“I’m fine,” said Dalu. She looked him over, then she greeted Dominic.
“Dalu tells me we’re going out,” he said.
“Yes.”
“We can’t be out for long.”
“It will be a very quick visit.”
“Let’s go,” said Dalu.
Mama decided to stay home and rest. Baba, Dalu, Mpho, and Dominic, went to see Nkgono.
Everyone in Mpho’s home was looking glum. They were all gathered in the lounge, where Nkgono was sleeping. Dominic went to examine her, after making Dalu comfortable.
“How are you, Tshabalala?” asked Ntate.
“I’m healing, Ntate,” he said.
“Don’t do it again.”
“I won’t.”
“You must be so brave to take on Alfred. He’s really mean,” said Mohau with admiration. Dalu smiled, and noticed Mpho watching him.
Nkgono moaned weakly. Everyone looked in her direction. Dominic looked for her vital signs, then he looked at Ntate, and shook his head. He covered her face. There was a stunned silence, then people started crying. Dalu went to put his arms round Mpho. She held onto him tight. In a short while, she pulled herself together, and started comforting her sisters. Dalu returned to his seat. Mohau sat beside him, crying as if his heart was broken. Dalu held him.
“I’ll tell the neighbours,” said Baba, and he left the house. Dalu used Mpho’s phone to phone her elder brothers.
“Who are you?” asked Moeketsi, the brother that Dalu had never met.
“I’m Mpho’s husband,” said Dalu.
“Are you a kwerekwere?”
“Will you be able to come?”
“Of course I’ll come. If you hurt my sister…”
“I won’t.”
“Hmm.” People started arriving to give their condolences. Baba returned from his errand.
“You’re tired, you need to rest,” he said.
“Mpho…” said Dalu.
“You’re no good to her if you exhaust yourself and follow her Nkgono.” Dalu looked away from him. Baba left the room and returned with Mpho.
“I can’t leave yet,” she said.
“I’ll drive, if you can give me directions,” said Baba.
“I know the way,” said Dalu. He, Baba, and Dominic made their goodbyes, then Mpho walked them to the car. Dalu hugged her, and climbed into the car. He watched her as she walked back to the house.
Once he, Baba and Dominic were home, Dalu realised how tired he was. Dominic gave him food, and his medicines, then he helped him to bed. Dalu fell asleep immediately.
When he woke up, he lay a while thinking about Mpho. He hoped she was alright.
“How do you feel?” she asked. He sat up. She was standing beside him, watching him.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“I’m fine, how are you?”
“Fine. Come,” he said, holding out his arms. She sank into them, and he held her tight.
“I’m sorry about Nkgono,” he said.
“Thank you.” He drew away from the embrace, and looked at her.
“I didn’t expect you back tonight,” he said.
“Dominic doesn’t work at night, I came to be sure you’re alright.”
“You look tired. Take a bath, then we’ll eat.” Mpho went to the bathroom. Dalu climbed out of bed, and freshened up in the other bathroom. He dressed, then he went to the kitchen.
“What are you doing here?” asked Mama.
“I’ve come to make Mpho something to eat.”
“I’m cooking.”
“I want to help.”
“Dalu…”
“I want to cook for my wife,” he said in a voice that brooked no argument. He could feel Mama watching him as he brought out pots and food.
“Don’t overdo it,” she said. They worked in silence for a while.
“How are you?” asked Dalu.
“I’m fine.”
“You were tired earlier.”
“I’m fine now.”
“The doctors…”
“I don’t want to talk about that…How are you?”
“Fine.” They were silent a while, as they cooked.
“I’m sorry. I wanted to tell you about Mpho myself, that’s why I had asked Chris to bring you here. You must have been so shocked when she introduced herself,” he said.
“Why didn’t you tell us about her? And why did you marry her without doing things in a culturally acceptable manner?”
“I’m sorry.”
“A mother likes to get to know the woman her son intends to marry, before he marries her. When we arrived, we found out you were already married, and trying to die.”
“I wasn’t…”
“You didn’t give me time to vet this child, or to give you my opinion, or blessings. Don’t you care that we haven’t blessed this union?”
“You know I care. I’m sorry, Mama. I wasn’t disrespecting you, or Mpho’s family, I just…”
“You just what?”
“I had to marry her quickly…”
“Because of a baby?”
“No! Before she changed her mind.”
“If she was serious about you…”
“I wasn’t sure that she was serious about marrying me.”
“Then why did you marry her?”
“Because I love her, and I want to spend my life with her. She married me to give me citizenship, I married her because I love her. She’ll learn to love me. You’ll like her once you get to know her,” he said. He and Mama finished cooking in silence. When they were done, Dalu sat down gratefully.
Baba and Mpho joined him and Mama in the kitchen for the meal. After the meal, Dalu took his medication, while Mpho cleared the table, and washed up the dishes.
“What day is it today?” he asked.
“Friday,” said Mpho.
“Did sis Ruth come?”
“Yes, she’s been a great help.”
“I haven’t paid her.”
“I took care of it.”
“Thank you. Leave that, and come and rest.”
“I’ll be done just now.”
“Sit down, Malokazana,” said Mama. Mpho dried her hands, and sat down.


CHAPTER EIGHT

“You saw for yourself how shocked we were to discover that you and Dalu are married,” said Mama.
“Yes,” said Mpho.
“We don’t approve of the way you got married, but it’s done now. Dalu should have brought you to visit us, before rushing to marry you. You should have had a chance to meet his parents, and to know the life you’ll be living when you go to see them. Forgive him for denying you that,” said Baba.
“I’ve never held it against him,” said Mpho.
“You mean you thought it was alright to marry a total stranger?” asked Mama.
“No…I… we…” said Mpho.
“She did me a favour, Mama, she gave me a chance to get citizenship. Because she married me, I’ve not needed to bribe anyone to stay in this country. Please don’t be hard on her. As Baba said, I rushed her. Shout at me,” said Dalu.
“I don’t understand how a woman can marry a stranger, one she hasn’t introduced to her family, for that matter! You left yourself vulnerable to all kinds of abuse, girl. What were you thinking?” asked Mama.
“Her family makes her feel bad enough as it is, Mama, please don’t add to her stress,” said Dalu.
“Do you want me to divorce Dalu?” asked Mpho.
“No!” said Dalu.
“I want you to marry a girl from back home, Dalu. I won’t have you returning home in a coffin because your foreign wife and her people have killed you, and taken your property,” said Mama.
“She won’t kill me, and all the property here is hers.”
“That’s immaterial. You’ll come home and marry a girl whose roots we can trace, and with whom I can communicate in my own language.”
“Mpho speaks isiZulu, so do you.”
“Stop it, mother-of-Dalu. The child is in mourning. Don’t add to her grief,” said Baba.
“My child…” said Mama.
“Your child is a grown man, who makes his own decisions. He decided to get married, and he wants his marriage to work.”
“But…”
“Did my mother approve of you when we married?”
“No, but…”
“Leave Dalu and his wife alone. Dalu, look after your wife. Mother-of-Dalu, let’s go, you need to rest.”
“I’m not finished.”
“Yes, you are.” Mama and Baba glared at each other, then Mama stood and left the room. Baba bade Mpho and Dalu goodnight, and followed Mama.
Mpho stood, and finished doing the dishes.
“I’m so sorry, Mpho. I didn’t know Mama would react this way,” said Dalu. Mpho did not respond.
“No one will separate us,” continued Dalu. Still, Mpho was quiet.
“Mpho…” said Dalu.
“I’ll send you the divorce papers by Wednesday latest. Please be gone by then, and take your parents with you,” Mpho said. Dalu’s heart pounded with fear. He stood, and went to her.
“Mpho…” he said. She evaded his hands and left the room. Dalu followed her to her bedroom and found her packing clothes into a suitcase.
“This is your home, you’re not leaving,” he said.
“Your Mama…”
“Mama has her own home, this is your home, and no one will send you away.”
“But…”
“But nothing!” They stood watching each other, then Mpho turned away from Dalu.
He put his arms round her waist from behind. She struggled a little, then she stilled. Dalu felt her shoulders heaving. He turned her in his arms, and held her as she wept. When she was done, he helped her to sit on the bed, then he sat beside her. He kissed her gently. She was still at first, then she kissed him back.
He undid her top, then her bra, as he continued to kiss her. He touched her breasts gently. They were full and firm. He weighed one in each hand, caressed them, and touched her nipples. He moved closer to her, and took a nipple in his mouth. He licked it, then he sucked, gently, at first, then harder. He could feel his heart pounding with excitement. He licked and kissed Mpho’s other nipple, then he sucked on it.
He pushed on her, and she fell back on the bed. He looked down at her. Her eyes were almost closed. She was panting, looking at him with desire. He kissed her, running his hands on her breasts and belly. He kissed her breasts in turn, then he sucked on one, and felt her hand on his head, drawing him closer to her. He sat up, and looked down at her.
He removed her top, and bra, and threw them off the bed. Slowly, he undid her trouser zip. When she did not stop him, he stood, and took the trousers off her, then he stood looking at her panty. He looked into her eyes, then he put his hands on her panty. He took it off her, then he looked at her naked body.
“You are so beautiful,” he said reverently. Her bosom was heaving as she panted, watching him. She sat up, then she stood, and undid his shirt buttons. He helped her as she took it off, and as she took off his shoes, socks, trousers, and underwear.
She looked his body over, then she looked into his eyes. She caressed his chest, then his belly. He drew in his breath as his excitement escalated. She touched his tumescence, and he gasped. He put his hands on her shoulders as she continued to touch him. He kissed her deeply, then he withdrew from her abruptly.
“What’s the matter?” she panted.
“I’m going to disappoint you,” he said sadly.
“How do you know?” she asked, moving close to him, and putting her hands on his chest.
“Don’t touch me,” he said, taking her hands in his.
“What’s gone wrong?” Dalu cursed.
“What is it?” asked Mpho.
“I don’t know what to do,” he said, feeling humiliated.
“About what, Dalu?”
“I don’t know how to touch you.”
“Yes, you do. You were touching me just now, and it was great.”
“I’ve never touched a woman before,” he said quietly. He watched as she looked at him closely.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“I’ve never slept with a woman.”
“Oh!” she said. She watched him, then she sat on the bed.
“I’m sorry to disappoint you. If you tell me how you like to be touched, I’ll practise until I get it right,” he said earnestly. Mpho looked away from him. He knelt before her, his hands on either side of her body.
“Please don’t lose hope. I’ll get it right. I want to please you,” he said, looking at her face. She looked into his eyes.
“You’ve never slept with a woman?” she asked.
“No.”
“Why not? Why not, Dalu?”
“When I was young, my parents and I were members of a church that did virginity testing, for girls, and boys. We were taught to wait until we married before sleeping with anyone, and we were taught to stay faithful once we married.”
“And you believed them?”
“Of course. There was a guy in the youth group who was a virgin at thirty-six, so I knew I could wait till I married, just like he did.”
“How old are you?”
“Thirty two.”
“I’ve never heard of a man your age who hadn’t…”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’m not disappointed.”
“You’re not?”
“I’m surprised, but I’m not disappointed.” Dalu put his arms round her, then he yawned.
“Let’s sleep,” she said. They climbed into bed. He put his arms round her, and fell asleep with a smile.
When he woke up, he felt for Mpho. She was not in the bed with him. He sat up. She came out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped round her.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi.”
“Are you going somewhere?”
“We have to arrange Nkgono’s funeral.”
“I’ll be ready soon.”
“You’re not coming.”
“Mpho…”
“Stay home and rest. You can come to the funeral tomorrow. I asked Dominic to come and look after you tomorrow.”
“I want to come with you now.”
“I’d like that, but you need to be strong for tomorrow.” Dalu looked away from her. She went to him, and ran a finger across his lower lip. He looked at her. She was smiling.
“You look so sweet when you sulk,” she said. He kissed her finger, then he sucked it into his mouth. She stopped smiling, they watched each other in silence. Dalu took her finger out of his mouth.
“I’ll be back,” he said. He went to the bathroom to clean his face and brush his teeth.
When he returned to the bedroom, Mpho had her back to him. She was wearing a panty and a blouse. He walked to her, and turned her to face him. He took her in his arms, and kissed her thoroughly. They panted, with their arms round each other.
“How come you’re such a good kisser?” she asked.
“This woman I dated taught me.”
“What was her name?”
“Why?”
“What was it?”
“Linda.”
“I don’t ever want to hear that name on your lips.”
“What?”
“If I ever meet her, I’ll kill her.”
“Mpho!”
“You’re mine!”
“I know.”
“She had no right to kiss you.”
“She didn’t do anything else.”
“No talking about her.” Dalu looked into Mpho’s eyes, and smiled.
“What are you smiling at?” she asked.
“You’re jealous.”
“Of course I’m jealous.”
“Now you understand how I felt when that man you danced with was running his hands over you.” Mpho nodded.
“Yes, I understand. I’m sorry. I didn’t know how you felt then,” she said.
“Now you know.”
“Yes, I do. I also know that you get into fights. You must never do that again.”
“I won’t.”
“It doesn’t add up.”
“What?”
“How do you get into fights, and say you won’t hit me?”
“I won’t! Hitting a man and hitting a woman are two completely different things. I’ll be fighting with a man, who has a chance against me, and there can be honour in that, but there’s absolutely no honour in beating a woman, it’s not a fair fight.”
“I don’t understand that.”
“The only thing you need to understand is that I’ll never intentionally hurt you.” They shared a look, then she kissed him.
“I have to dress. Kgotso will soon be here to pick me up,” she said.
“Take the car, then you can come back whenever you want to.”
“You might need it.” Mpho finished dressing, and looked at herself in the mirror. When she was done, she went to Dalu.
“I’ll see you later,” she said. He kissed her until they were clinging to each other. They broke the kiss when someone knocked on the door.
“Come in,” panted Dalu. Mpho withdrew from him and picked up her handbag.
“Malokazana’s brother’s here to pick her up,” said Baba.
“Thank you,” said Dalu.
“What does Malokazana mean?” asked Mpho.
“It means Makoti,” replied Dalu.
“I have to go,” said Mpho, as she closed her handbag.
“I love you.” Mpho looked at him, then she left.
Dalu freshened up, then he joined Mama and Baba in the kitchen. Baba was seated, as Mama cooked. Dalu greeted them. Baba returned his greeting, Mama did not respond.
“Are you alright, Mama?” asked Dalu.
“Hmmm,” she said, as she worked. He went to stand beside her.
“Are you cross? What’s my ntombi cross about so early in the morning?” he asked. Mama turned her back on him. He put a hand on her lower back.
“Please, Mama, tell me what’s wrong,” he said. She looked at him out of furious eyes.
“What kind of Malokazana have you brought us? She comes into your father’s presence bareheaded, she wears trousers in his presence, and she shakes his hand! Haven’t you told her that she should wear a scarf on her head in the presence of her in-laws, and that she should only wear skirts infront of them, and that she must never, ever shake your father’s hand?” she demanded.
“Times are changing, mother-of-Dalu. We have to change with them,” said Baba.
“Respect can never change. She…”
“Leave her alone. Focus on getting well.” Mama withdrew into herself.
“I’ll make breakfast,” said Dalu. Mama left the kitchen.
“She’s in a lot of pain,” said Baba.
“Didn’t they give her pain killers?”
“She says she’s tired of living on them.”
“How do we help her?”
“I don’t know.”
After breakfast, Dalu did some work while his parents went out. They returned in the late afternoon, with a neighbours’ daughter from home, Linda. Mama cooked, while Dalu and Linda sat catching up in the lounge.
“Hi,” Mpho said. Dalu smiled, then he stood.
“Hi, Mpho. Come,” he said, approaching her. He took her hand, and led her to a couch. They sat beside each other.
“Mpho, this is Linda. We were great friends when we were children. Linda, this is Mpho, my wife,” said Dalu.
“Your wife?” said a shocked Linda.
“Yes, my wife.”
“How long have you been married? No one told me you were married.”
“I’ve just told you.” Linda looked from Dalu, to Mpho. Dalu looked from Linda to Mpho. She was looking at him out of furious eyes.
“You must be tired. Do you want to freshen up?” he asked.
“No, I’ll help Mamazala,” said Mpho, and she left the room. Dalu watched her, then he looked at Linda.
“How could you marry a foreigner? These South African women are hard as nails, and they think nothing of killing their men,” she said. Dalu did not respond.
“Do your parents approve of this? Your mother must be worried sick that the foreigner will kill you,” she continued.
“I’ll be fine,” said Dalu. Linda went to sit beside him.
“Divorce her. You can only have married her to get citizenship. I’m a citizen, marry me, and you’ll still get your citizenship, and your mother will have peace of mind,” she said.
“I…”
“You and I will work, Dalu. You and this foreigner will be divorced if you’re lucky, and if you’re not, you’ll be dead. I won’t kill you, and you and I know each others’ backgrounds, and our parents know each other. Do your parents know this woman’s parents?”
“No, we don’t. Talk sense into him,” Mama said, as she came into the room. She sat down.
“I’ve been telling him that I can give him citizenship,” said Linda.
“There you are, Dalu. Divorce that one, marry Linda, and all will be well.”
“I’ll look after him well, Mama.”
“I know you will. Dalu, when we get home, we’ll go and see Linda’s people, and…”
“Mama, Linda, I’m already married. I don’t want a divorce, and I don’t want another wife,” said Dalu.
“What you want is citizenship, I can give you that just as well as she can,” said Linda.
“What I want is to spend my life with Mpho.”
“You don’t know her.”
“I know that I want her as my wife.”
“She’ll find herself a local man, if she doesn’t already have one, and she’ll leave you for him. These women want a man with a gun, and a bad boy attitude. A softie like you is no good to them.”
“This conversation is over. Mpho’s my wife now, and she’ll always be my wife.”
Mpho entered the room, sat beside Dalu, and took one of his hands in hers.
“Supper’s ready,” she said. Mama looked from her to Dalu, and stood.
“I’ll go and call your father,” she said, as she left the room.
“How are you?” Mpho asked Dalu.
“Fine, thanks. How did it go with the arrangements?” he asked.
“We have most things in place,” she said. There was anger and uncertainty in her eyes.
“Linda, when did you come to South Africa?” she asked Linda.
“Fifteen years ago.”
“You’re practically a citizen.”
“I am a citizen.”
“Do you prefer South Africa or Zimbabwe?”
“I prefer South Africa for most things, except the men. They’re all intent on beating a woman into submission.”
“Not all of them,” said Mpho, looking at Dalu.
“Dalu needs a woman he can understand.”
“I have a woman I understand,” said Dalu. Baba and Mama walked to the dining room, and Mpho, Linda and Dalu followed them. Dalu smiled as Mpho looked at him in surprise as he helped her into her seat. He ate enthusiastically.
“This is great,” he said. Mpho smiled at him.
“I was thinking, Mama. Maybe if you have more information available to you, and you have options available, then you’ll be able to get help,” he continued.
“What do you mean?” asked Mama.
“There are alternative forms of medicine, such as Silva practioners, spiritual healers, aura healers, traditional healers, homeopaths, and many other types of healers.”
“How do you know that?”
“I spent time looking it up on the internet. We’ll read some things together, and come to a decision.”
“I…”
“You have to do something. You’re not going to sit and wait for death. Baba and I won’t allow it. If you don’t choose something, we’ll take you for the operation.” Everyone looked at Dalu as he gave Mama a very firm look.
“Alright, we’ll look at your papers,” she said.
“What operation is this?” asked Linda.
“It’s nothing,” said Mama.
“Dalu wouldn’t be concerned if it was nothing.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I have to go back home,” said Baba.
“What?” said Mama, blindsided.
“We need someone to oversee the harvesting and other things, mother-of-Dalu. You know that those boys we hired like to play, and need someone to chase them up.” Mama looked down.
“I’m going tomorrow. I booked myself on a bus,” said Baba.
“You didn’t tell me.”
“We’re not going to fight about this, it’s done.”
“We’ll go together.”
“You’ll stay here, so the doctors can see to you, and then you’ll come home to live, not to die.”
“I’m not dying.”
“Do you enjoy being in pain?”
“No, but…”
“I don’t enjoy watching you suffer. I want to hurt what hurts you, but I can’t get at that thing inside your head without hurting you.”
“Father-of-Dalu…”
“You’re staying to get help, and that’s final. Dalu, if you have any problems from your mother, let me know. Mother-of-Dalu, you’re not coming home unless you’re well, so I suggest you go for the operation, or find some other remedy to stop those headaches.
“Malokazana, thank you for being responsible when Dalu became ill. It was very responsible of you to phone us, and bring us over to see him for ourselves. Thank you for introducing us to your family, and for seeing us all through an awkward situation.
“Dalu, get well, and don’t get into any more fights. Malokazana was distraught. You don’t put someone you love through that.
“Mother-of-Dalu, I want this nonsense of trying to destroy Dalu’s marriage to stop. Neither of us believes in divorce, why do you want Dalu to do something we’ve always taught him never to do? He’s married, and he and his wife will only be separated by death, just like us. I’m going to get packed now,” Baba said, then he left the room. Dalu watched Mama follow him with her eyes, then she followed him.
Mpho stood, and started clearing the table. Dalu followed her to the kitchen with more dishes.
“Is this the Linda who taught you how to kiss?” she hissed.
“No!”
“Good. I was going to go and scratch her eyes out. I don’t like the way she looks at you.” Dalu smiled and put his arms round her.
“If you and her…” Mpho said. Dalu kissed her.
“Oh!” said Linda, from the door. Mpho withdrew from Dalu’s embrace. Linda was standing at the door, with the last of the dishes.
“Thank you,” said Mpho, taking the dishes from Linda. Dalu watched as she put them at the sink.
“Thank you for dinner. Would you mind taking me home, Dalu?” said Linda.
“No, we don’t mind taking you home. I’ll get my bag, then we’ll go,” said Mpho, and she left the room. Dalu excused himself, then he went to tell his parents that he and Mpho were taking Linda home. He returned to the kitchen. Linda was washing up.
“Leave that. Mama and Baba thank you for coming, and they wish you a safe journey home. They also said for you to greet your family for them,” he said.
“I’ll do that. Your wife’s very bossy.”
“Where do you live?”
“Killarney.”
“You must be doing very well for yourself.”
“I have everything I want, except a husband and children.”
“I hope you get what you want.”
“I thought I did, when I got here, and saw you. You and I can work, Dalu.”
“I’m already working with someone else.”
“We…”
“Ready to go?” asked Mpho, as she came into the room. She took Dalu’s hand, and led the way to the car.
Linda asked Dalu many questions as they drove, and Mpho answered them all. Dalu stopped trying to reply. He turned in his seat to watch Mpho as she drove. Outside her home, Linda invited Dalu and Mpho in for tea.
“No, thanks, Dalu has to go home and rest,” said Mpho.
“Maybe another time,” said Linda, as she climbed out of the car.
“Goodnight,” said Mpho, then she drove off.
“Another time! Ha! Did she give you her phone number?” she asked Dalu.
“No,” he replied.
“Do you have hers?”
“No!”
“If she phones you, visits you, emails you, or even meets you on the street, I want to hear about it.”
“Mpho…”
“You tell me, Dalubuhle, or I’ll…”
“Alright, I’ll tell you. Can you slow down now? I don’t want either of us to die in an accident.” Mpho reduced her driving speed.


CHAPTER NINE

At home, she dried the dishes after Dalu had washed them.
“I’m glad you’re up and about,” she said.
“So am I,” he said. He finished washing up, and leaned against the sink, watching Mpho as she packed away the dishes that she had dried.
“Have you taken your medicines?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“We leave early tomorrow. Is Mamazala coming with us to the funeral?”
“I don’t know. Can we drop Baba off at the buses before we go to the funeral?”
“If we leave really early, we should manage. I have to be at my parents’ home at half past seven. The church service begins at nine.”
“I’ll go and talk to Baba.”
Dalu went to knock on his parents’ bedroom door.
“Come in,” said Mama. Dalu entered the room. He found his parents sitting side by side on the bed.
“Is everything alright?” asked Baba.
“Yes. I came to find out what time your bus leaves tomorrow. Mpho and I are trying to decide what time we need to leave, so you can get to your bus on time, and she can get home in plenty of time. What time does your bus leave?”
“It leaves at seven in the morning.”
“If we leave here at half past five, we should all get to our destinations on time.”
“Sit down, Dalu,” said Mama. Dalu sat on a chair, facing his parents.
“Why won’t your see sense, and divorce this girl?” Mama asked.
“Mother-of-Dalu…” said Baba.
“I’m talking to Dalu.”
“I don’t want to divorce Mpho, I love her,” said Dalu.
“You don’t know her.”
“I’m getting to know her.”
“We know nothing about her people.”
“Ask her anything you want to know.”
“She’s not a virgin.”
“Mama! She’s married, it’d be odd if she was still a virgin.”
“Did you take her virginity?”
“Mama!”
“We raised you in a religion that prizes virginity in women and men. All my dreams for you have been about a woman from our church, whom you get as a virgin, and who gets you as a virgin. You’ve married a stranger whose past we know nothing about. She may have diseases, or children, or a husband, or boyfriends. Marry Linda. The two of you have the same values and she’s still a virgin.”
“How can you know that?”
“I have my ways. She won’t bring you diseases, and I know her mother. If Linda gives you problems, I can get her mother to sort her out. If this one gives you problems, how will I approach her mother?”
“Mpho and I are fine.”
“Mother-of-Dalu, will you divorce me?” asked Baba.
“No!” replied Mama.
“Why not?”
“You’re my husband.”
“Dalu is that girl’s husband, and he won’t divorce his wife. You and I have to accept that he’s made a choice, regardless of how we feel about that choice.”
“I’ll never accept her.”
“Then how will I bring her home? I don’t want to take her to a place where she’ll be made to cry,” said Dalu.
“Divorce her, and there’ll be no problem.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” Dalu said, then he left the room.
He closed the door, and took several deep breaths. He could not believe that Mama had said those words to him. Divorcing Mpho was out of the question.
Next day, the funeral went well. Mpho became very upset as she gave her speech. Afterwards, she went to sit beside Dalu. He held her close. Everyone returned to Mpho’s parents’ home for lunch after the funeral. Dalu helped where he could, while Dominic kept a close eye on him. In the afternoon, Dominic left.
“It’s time for us to go,” said Mpho.
“There’s still a lot to do,” said Dalu.
“Ntate told me to take you home and look after you.”
“Alright, I’ll say goodbye, and we’ll go.” He said goodbye to Mpho’s Mme, and she nodded. He went to talk to Mpho’s Ntate. Ntate excused himself from his group, and took Dalu aside.
“Mpho trusts you, you must be treating her well. Keep it up,” he said.
“I will,” said Dalu.
“Thank you for being with her today.”
“I wanted to be here.”
“She told us you insisted on coming. I wouldn’t have expected someone who was at death’s door a short while ago to have the energy to come to a funeral.”
“I’m fine.”
“Keep it that way. I’m still not sure about this marriage, but having met your parents, I can see you come from a solid home. Make my Mpho a solid home.”
“I will.” Ntate nodded, and returned to his group.
Dalu found Mpho and Mama sitting in silence in the car. It was clear that they had disagreed about something. They had the same mutinous expression on their faces, and they were both looking out of their respective car windows.
As soon as Dalu was seated beside Mpho, she drove off. He fastened his seat belt, then he turned in his seat to look at both women.
“Slow down,” he said to Mpho. She did not seem to hear him.
“Please,” he continued. She slowed down.
“Let’s eat out. I don’t think any of us wants to cook,” he said.
“I don’t have any money on me,” said Mpho.
“I’ll take care of it.”
“I want to go home,” said Mama.
“You two are both very angry. This will cheer you up,” said Dalu.
“Where do you suggest we go?” asked Mpho.
“MacDonalds?” said Dalu. Mpho made a scornful sound.
“Where do you suggest we go?” he asked.
“That depends on how deep your pocket is. Is it deep?”
“Yes,” said Dalu. Mpho mentioned the name of a restaurant in Houghton, and Dalu gasped.
“What do you want to eat, Mamazala?” Mpho asked Mama.
“Why ask me? I don’t know this town,” said Mama.
“Do you want Italian, things like pasta and pizza, or do you want Chinese food, or seafood?” asked Dalu.
“Seafood?”
“Crabs, lobsters, fish…”
“No! I want food I understand, lots of beef, with isitshwala.”
“Isitshwala?” said Mpho.
“Pap,” said Dalu.
“There’s a place not far from here that has great food.”
“Let’s go there.”
The restaurant was set up outdoors. It was well lit, and well patronised. Mpho, Dalu and Mama went to a table. In a short time, their orders were being taken, and they had drinks in their hands.
“Zintombi, you look great,” said Dalu. Mpho and Mama smiled.
“Mama, what did you do for fun when you were young?” he asked. Mama looked startled by the question.
“Why do you ask?” she said.
“I’m curious.” Mama gave him a long look, then she looked away from him, thinking. She started smiling slowly.
“Tell us,” said Dalu.
“A group of us would run away from school occasionally, and go to shebeens,” she said.
“Mama!” gasped Dalu.
“My parents were very strict. I’d never been to a shebeen, and I was curious.”
“Did you drink?”
“I was too scared to, I was convinced God would strike me down with a lightening bolt if I drank.”
“So what did you do?”
“I admired the short clothes that the women were wearing, wishing I could wear them. At the time, I didn’t know those women were selling sex.”
“You must have been very naïve.”
“I was. My parents never let me out of their sight. If I wasn’t in school, I was at church. The only thing I wasn’t naïve about was staying away from the men, especially the drunk men. I found them very frightening. I married your father because he doesn’t drink. I’m glad you don’t drink either.”
“So am I,” said Mpho. She and Mama shared a look.
The food arrived, and they all started eating.
“This meat is great,” said Mpho.
“Yes, it is,” said Mama.
“How’s work?” asked Dalu. Mpho looked at him, then she looked down.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“Alfred got fired.”
“Why?”
“Sexual harassment.”
“Did you lay charges?”
“Someone else did.”
“What’s the problem?”
“I feel bad.”
“Why? He was behaving unprofessionally, and without ubuntu.”
“I got promoted to his job.”
“That’s great! Isn’t it?”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“He phones me, and tells me that the fight with you made him get fired.”
“He’s talking rubbish.”
“He says his children are starving.”
“That’s his problem. He should have behaved himself at work. The fight had nothing to do with it. If it had been about the fight, surely management would have called me in for questioning or something along those lines. He didn’t get fired because of the fight.”
“He says…”
“Give me his phone number. I’ll talk to him about this.”
“No!”
“Mpho…”
“I don’t want you anywhere near him.”
“If he phones you again, tell him I’m going to pay him a visit.”
“He’s so scared of you, you must have given him a good hiding,” smiled Mpho.
“He shouldn’t have messed with you.”
“Thank you for beating him, Dalu, but you can’t do it again. I don’t want you to die. I should have reported him for harassment, you wouldn’t have endangered your life if I hadn’t been too scared to report him.”
“Why were you scared?”
“People start to look at you funny if you do that. Some people even think you were having an affair 
with the guy, and you’re reporting him because he broke up with you.”
“Don’t ever be afraid of standing up for your rights.”
“Don’t ever endanger your life.”
“I won’t. I want to live a long and happy life with you,” Dalu said, then he kissed Mpho. The kiss broke when they heard cat calls and whistles. Some of the other diners were watching them, and cheering for them.
“Dalu, behave yourself,” said Mama. Dalu smiled at her.
“You’re making a spectacle of that girl,” she continued.
“I’m telling her, and everyone else, that she’s gorgeous.”
“Do that in private.”
“Okay, don’t get mad,” said Dalu, as he kissed Mama on the cheek.
“Oh, you. You act as if kissing solves everything,” she smiled.
“It helps.”
“We should go.” Dalu paid for dinner, and they left.
At home, he lay on the bed, fully clothed. He groaned, and turned away from the hands disturbing his sleep.
“Dalu, wake up,” said Mpho.
“No.”
“Come on, wake up.”
“No.” His attempt to get back to sleep was interrupted by a very sweet kiss. He kissed Mpho back. The kiss ended, he opened his eyes, Mpho was lying beside him, looking at him.
“I’m trying to take your clothes off, so you can sleep comfortably. Help me,” she said.
“How?”
“Sit up.” He sat up. She took off his jacket and shirt. She helped him to his feet, unzipped his trousers, and lowered them to his feet. She took off his shoes and socks, and removed his trousers from his ankles. She stood, and looked him over.
“You’ve lost so much weight,” she said.
“I’ll gain it all back.” She found his pyjama bottoms, and helped him into them, before helping him into bed. He yawned.
“Are you joining me?” he asked.
“I have work to do.” Dalu frowned. She kissed him, and he fell asleep.
When he woke up, it was half past two in the morning. He tossed and turned, then he climbed out of bed. He showered, dressed, then he went to the lounge. He wrote part of an article, then he printed information on alternative medicine, to help Mama choose a healing method.
“Dalu,” said Mpho. He looked up. Mpho was standing at the door, in her negligee. She was looking at him sleepily.
“Go back to sleep,” he said.
“Are you in pain?”
“I’m fine. I’ll help you to bed.”
“Why are you up?” she asked, resisting, as he made to usher her to the bedroom.
“I’m not sleepy anymore.”
“Do you need medicine?”
“I need you to go to bed.”
“But…”
“Come,” he said, making to pick her up. She moved away from him.
“I can walk,” she said.
“Okay. Sleep well,” he said. She peered at him sleepily, then she left. He finished what he was doing, then he went to cook. The sun was rising.
“Dalu, is everything alright?” asked Mama, as she joined him in the kitchen.
“Yes.”
“What are you doing here so early in the morning?”
“I’m cooking.”
“I’m here to do that.”
“If you’re ready to eat, I’ll dish up for you.”
“Why did you cook? Why doesn’t your wife cook? Cooking is part of a wife’s job.”
“Don’t worry, ntombi, sit down.”
“Why is she making you cook? You need looking after.”
“She didn’t make me cook. I was awake, so I did it.”
“I…”
“I know you want eggs, what else do you want?” Mama looked from him to the food.
“Aren’t you eating with me?” she asked.
“I’m waiting for Mpho.”
“Then I’ll wait too.”
“I’ll go and wake her.”
“I’ve never seen such an arrangement. The wife should be up first, then she’ll wake the husband, after setting everything up for his comfort.” Dalu kissed Mama’s cheek, and left the room. He did not like hearing Mpho maligned.
He found her fast asleep. She was on her back, her arms were spread by her head, the blanket was at her waist. He sat beside her, watching her. He caressed her cheek, her throat, and down to her breast. She moaned and opened her eyes.
“Dalu?” she said.
“It’s time to wake up.” She closed her eyes. He caressed her breasts through her negligee. She opened her eyes. They watched each other as he caressed her nipples. They became harder. Her breathing accelerated, as did his.
He lowered the straps of the negligee, and exposed her breasts. He licked and sucked on one, as he caressed the other one. He changed over, licking and sucking the other breast, as he caressed the one that he had been sucking. Mpho gasped, and put a hand on his head. Reluctantly, he lifted his head.
“Breakfast is ready,” he panted. He looked at her breasts, then he looked into her eyes. She wanted him to continue, and he wanted to continue, but the timing was wrong. He forced himself to stand, and leave the room.
“Are you alright?” Mama asked as he walked past her, towards the kitchen door.
“I’m fine, I need something from the car,” he said, hoping that she would not notice how enthusiastically his body was reacting to Mpho. He paced up and down on the driveway, making himself think of people and things that would calm his body. When he felt calm, he returned to the house.
He found Mama and Mpho sitting at the kitchen table.
“Let’s eat,” said Mpho, as Dalu sat down.
“Thank you for cooking,” she continued.
“You’re welcome,” Dalu said, with a smile. When Mpho finished eating, she collected her work things, and made her good byes. Dalu followed her to the car. When she was in the driver’s seat, she opened her window. Dalu leaned his forearms on it, and watched her.
“I have to go,” she said.
“Have a good day,” he said, then he kissed her. They shared a look, then she left.
Dalu gave Mama the papers that he had printed for her to read, while he went to the bank. When he returned home, sis Ruth had arrived. She and Mama had become friends. They were both advocating that he stop letting Mpho take advantage of him, and make her fulfil her duties, cooking and cleaning.
In the evening, Chris and his fiancée Gloria, Themba and his girlfriend Connie, and Gola and his wife Anna, dropped by for supper. Mama was very glad to see familiar faces, and she was very charming, even to Mpho. There was an awkward moment, when she wondered why Themba was with another woman, when she knew him to be married to someone else.
“Is this what the two of you came here to do? Constance, this is not the way you were raised. Themba, do your parents know about this arrangement? It’s disgusting!” she said. There was a silence.
“Let’s go to the dining room. Dalu needs to eat,” said Mpho. Everyone trooped there in silence. Mpho diluted the tension by talking about the football extravaganza that had just started. Dalu watched as Mama relaxed. He sighed with relief. He took Mpho’s hand and kissed it in gratitude. She had saved the day by talking about what everyone had to be excited about, if not for the soccer, then for the sake of the continent and its people.
Dalu was very tired after the guests left. Mpho helped him to their bedroom. She undressed him, then, as she made to put his pyjamas on him, he put his arms round her waist, and walked backwards, toward the bed.
“Dalu, what are you doing?” she asked. Dalu fell on his back on the bed. Mpho fell on him, and they lay chest to chest. She had a surprised expression on her face. He brought her head down to his, and kissed her. She broke the kiss. He kissed her throat, as he caressed her back. He moved his hands up her back and down to her sides. He ran them under her top, caressing her sides, and the sides of her breasts. He pushed on her, and she rolled to her side, beside him. He kissed her, then he sat up.
He moved her onto her back, then he took off her top and bra. He unzipped her skirt, and slid it, and her panty, down her legs, and onto the floor.
He looked down at her, then he leaned towards her. He ran his hands down her sides, to her hips, then he caressed her bottom. He raised his hands up her back as he kissed her. He put a hand either side of her face, and deepened the kiss. He was lying beside her, half his body on her, and half off her. He felt her hands caressing his shoulders and back.
He moved his hands forward, and caressed her belly. He raised his head, and watched as his hands ran down her body, to her thighs. He looked at her, she was watching him, and she was panting. He ran a hand up to her delta, then he inched it slowly between her legs. He touched the hair there, it was wet. His excitement increased.
“Can I see?” he said, looking into her eyes. She made room for him between her legs. He sank lower on the bed, and explored her body with his hands, and eyes. He caressed the outer petals of her desire, then he caressed the inner petals. She was breathing heavily as he touched her. He felt a slight bump between her inner petals, and she gasped. He looked at her, as he caressed close to the bump.
“Dalu,” she panted. His other hand explored lower, and he found an opening. Slowly, he slid a finger into her. She told him where to touch, and as he followed her words, she started writhing and panting excitedly. She grabbed a pillow and covered her face to muffle the sounds that she was making.
“I want to see your face,” he said, stilling his hands.
“Dalu,” she pleaded. He started moving his hands again. She was breathing very fast. She stiffened, then she shuddered, taken over by pleasure. Her body was lightly sheened. He kissed her belly, as he kissed his way up to her face. He took the pillow from her hands and looked at her. Her eyes were closed. He kissed her gently. She kissed him back.
He found himself on his back on the bed as she kissed him. She broke the kiss, and sat up. She took off his trousers and underwear. She caressed him between the legs. His breathing accelerated rapidly. He closed his eyes as the pleasure increased. His body stiffened, and he shuddered as pleasure filled his body. He opened his eyes, then he frowned. He was alone on the bed, and in the room.
“Mpho. Mpho,” he called. He heard the bathroom door close. He went to open it.
“Dalu? What are you doing?” asked Mpho, as he walked into the bathroom.
“What’s wrong? Didn’t I please you?” he asked, seeing the unhappy expression on her face.
“You know you did.”
“Then why are you so unhappy?”
“I’m not unhappy.”
“Then give me a kiss.” She turned away from him.
“What is it?” he asked, putting a hand on her shoulder. She shook it off.
“Mpho…” he said.
“Dalu, we need to talk. I’m going to bath, then we’ll talk. Excuse me”
“But…”
“Excuse me,” she said firmly. He was not happy that she was not looking at him. He could see that arguing would not get him anywhere, he left. He stood outside the bathroom door, wondering what she was upset about. He put his trousers back on, then he went to shower in the other bathroom.


CHAPTER TEN

When he returned to the bedroom, Mpho was dressed. She was standing in the middle of the room, deep in thought, with a frightened expression on her face.
“Mpho,” he said. She started, and looked at him. He closed the bedroom door, and approached her.
“Sit down,” she said. He stopped, then he went to sit on the bed.
“I don’t want you touching me again,” she said.
“What? You said I pleased you!” he said, feeling his heart pounding in fear and disbelief.
“You did. This isn’t about that.”
“Then what’s it about?” he asked. He watched as she went to sit on a chair by the dresser. She took a deep breath, then she looked at him.
“Three months ago, I went to my last lover’s funeral,” she said.
“Oh,” he said, not sure that he wanted to be hearing about any of her past lovers.
“He died from Aids.”
“Oh!” he said, as his heart started pounding. He was not liking this conversation, at all.
“We were together for six years. We never used condoms.” Dalu’s breathing became shallower and shallower as he listened to Mpho.
“Do you have Aids?” he asked hollowly.
“I don’t know.” Dalu looked away from her. The world seemed to be closing in on him. He felt scared and furious. He stood, and left the room, then he left the house. He walked all over the townhouse complex. This cannot be happening, he kept saying to himself.
Finally, he realised that he was cold. Only then did he notice that he was only wearing a towel round his hips. He returned home.
“Are you alright?” asked Mpho. She was seated at the kitchen table.
“I’m cold,” he said.
“I’ll run you a bath,” she said, taking his hand. He withdrew his hand from hers, and went to use the guest bathroom.
He sat in the water for a long time, then he went to the bedroom. Mpho stood from the bed as he entered.
“Go to sleep,” he said. He dressed in his pyjamas, and climbed into bed. She climbed in beside him after switching off her bedside lamp. He lay awake, wondering what he was going to do. It had never occurred to him that Mpho could have Aids.
When he woke up, he showered, then he went to the kitchen. Mama and Mpho were seated at the table. Mpho’s head was bowed, Mama was watching her.
“Morning,” said Dalu. Mpho stood, and looked at him with fear in her eyes.
“Sit down,” he said. She sat down. Dalu noticed Mama looking between him and Mpho.
“This looks good, let’s eat,” Dalu made himself say. He sat down, and helped himself to some food. It had no taste. He made himself smile.
“It’s delicious,” he said. Mpho smiled, and started eating. Dalu shovelled food down his throat to stop Mama from fussing, or asking questions. When Mpho finished eating, she picked up her work things, made her goodbyes, and went to the car. Dalu followed her reluctantly. Mama would ask questions if he did not see Mpho off, as had become his habit.
He kissed Mpho’s cheek before she climbed into the car. She put a hand on her cheek, and looked at him with hope in her eyes. The hope died when she saw the look in his eyes.
“Don’t look like that,” he said, feeling guilty for making her feel bad. She opened the car door, put her things inside, then she climbed in. He watched her blink rapidly as she started the car, then she drove off. He cursed loudly.
“Dalubuhle!” said Mama. Dalu noticed her standing at the open door.
“I have to go. I have business that needs my urgent attention,” he said. He fetched his wallet, and left as Mama asked where he was going, and if he had taken his medication.
He walked to the mall, and sat at an outdoor restaurant. It was still early, and the restaurant was not yet open. He asked himself over and over again what he was going to do, but he had no answer. The restaurant opened, and he continued to sit in its open air section. When he was asked for his order, he said he was waiting for someone. After a while, he was asked to leave, unless he ordered something. He looked round him, it was early afternoon. He had not noticed the passing of time.
He looked at the menu, then he ordered food that he knew Mpho liked, and asked for it to be packed as a takeaway. As the waitron went to fill his order, Dalu admitted that the only thing he knew about Aids, was that it killed. He did not want his Mpho to die. When the food was brought to him, he paid for it, then he went to Chris’s place of work.
“What is it? Has someone died?” asked Chris, getting to his feet.
“No,” replied Dalu.
“Then why do you look so horrified?”
“Mpho maybe dying.”
“What do you mean?”
“She might be sick.”
“Sit down. The first thing to do, is find out for sure if she’s sick, things might not be as bad as you think.”
“What if she is dying?”
“Then you have to decide if you want to spend whatever time she has with her, or if you want out.”
“I’ll never leave Mpho.
“Good, that’s one decision made. Now, find out for sure if she’s sick.”
“Thank you, Chris. I was going crazy.”
“You really love her.”
“With all my heart.”
“I wish I had that.”
“You did. You had it with Eva. Why did you leave her?”
“I thought Gloria was more fun.”
“Is she?”
“Yes, but she’s not Eva. We have great fun together, but she’s not the one I want beside me at night, and she’s not the one I want to make children with.”
“If Mpho and I separated, I’d die. I’d sooner die than live without her.”
“That’s how I feel about Eva.”
“Then find out if you still have a chance with her.”
“She mightn’t want me.”
“That’s a chance you take.” Chris drove Dalu home.
“Where have you been? Are you alright? I thought you’d gotten sick and died. You didn’t take your medication, and you didn’t take your phone either. Do you know what time it is?” demanded Mama.
“I’m fine. I’m sorry to have worried you,” said Dalu.
“This wife of your's didn’t know where you were. All she’s done is cry. Why didn’t you let me know you’d be gone so long? I’ve phoned everyone in your phone book looking for you.”
“You didn’t phone me,” said Chris.
“I got voicemail, I didn’t leave a message. I was about to phone you again, when you arrived. Thank God you’re safe, Dalu,” Mama said. She sat down, a relieved expression on her face. Dalu thanked Chris, then he saw him off.
“What kind of woman did you marry? How could she not worry about you? I told her to phone your friends, but she said to leave it. She doesn’t care if you live or die,” said Mama. Mpho ran crying out of the lounge. Dalu followed her with his eyes, then he focused on Mama.
“She came home late, said she was working. That’s how it starts, the next thing you know, she’ll tell you to leave at gunpoint, and…” Mama said.
“How are you, Mama? Are you in a lot of pain?” asked Dalu.
“Your wife…”
“I’m sorry you’re hurting. Do you want to go to the headache clinic?”
“Dalu…”
“We have to put a stop to the pain. Baba won’t have you home until you’ve been attended to. Where will you live if you don’t do something about the headaches?”
“I’ll live with you.”
“You can’t.”
“Of course I can. I’m your mother.”
“I won’t have you here on a permanent basis, so that you can make my wife cry every day.”
“What…”
“We need to get you healed, and get you home.”
“Are you sending me away?”
“You know I’m not, Mama.”
“I’ll pack my things and be gone by morning. I won’t stay where I’m not wanted.”
“Ntombi…”
“I’m going to pack,” said Mama. She was on her feet, and she was going towards the door. Dalu stood in her path.
“Please, sit down,” he said.
“I…”
“Please.” Mama sat down. Dalu sighed, suddenly realising how very tired he was. He sat down and closed his eyes.
“I brought you food so you can eat and take your medication,” said Mpho. Dalu opened his eyes, and watched her put a tray on the table. She put a plate of food before Mama, then she put one before him.
“Aren’t you eating with us?” he asked.
“I’m not hungry,” she said, leaving the room.
“Mpho…”
“Leave her. Eat, and take your medication,” said Mama. Dalu and Mama ate quietly, then Dalu took his medication. He took the tray of used dishes to the kitchen. He warmed the food that he had bought earlier in the day, then he went to look for Mpho. He found her in the dining room.
“I brought you supper,” he said. She looked up from her work. He put the plate of food beside her. She looked at him with tears in her eyes.
“Will you eat?” he asked. She nodded.
“I’m not leaving until I see that you mean it,” he said. Mpho started eating. He nodded, and turned to leave. Mama was standing at the dining room door. She turned away as Dalu was leaving Mpho’s side. He followed her to the lounge.
“Your wife is tight-fisted. How does she buy food for herself, and not for you and me?” she asked.
“She didn’t buy it, I bought it for her.”
“Don’t defend her. She fed us normal food, and now, she’s eating the good food alone. It’s typical of these foreign women. Marry one of our own kind, and…”
“What course of treatment have you decided on?”
“That woman…”
“The only person we’re talking about is you. What do you want to do about the headaches?”
“Nothing.”
“I see. As I said before, if you don’t choose a course of action, I’ll choose one for you. I’ll phone the hospital right now, and see when they can book you in for the operation.”
“Dalu…” He picked up his phone, and dialled. He listened to the phone on the other side ringing, then it was picked up.
“Hello,” said Mpho.
“Hello, hospital. My name is Dalubuhle Tshabalala. I’m calling about a Mrs D Tshabalala who was there for tests. I’m her son, and…”
“Dalu, it’s me, Mpho.”
“I know. I’m wondering when you can book her in for an operation.”
“Are you alright?”
“Yes.”
“Did you take your medicines?”
“Yes.”
“Then what…”
“Can you not book her in earlier, say, tomorrow, or the day after?”
“Are you trying to frighten your mother?”
“Yes.”
“It’s probably working.”
“I’ll be coming in with someone else who’ll do tests for an illness that she thinks she has.” There was a long silence.
“You want me to go for tests?” asked Mpho.
“Yes.”
“I’m not going…what if I’m dying?”
“We’ll handle it. Is the day after tomorrow good for you?”
“No.”
“I’ll be in touch. Thank you for your time,” he said, then he cut the call.
He looked at Mama. She was looking at him as if he had betrayed her.
“They’ll be expecting you first thing, the day after tomorrow. They said you’re not to eat anything tomorrow night,” he said.
“I’m not going,” said Mama mutinously.
“I went to make the deposit earlier today. If you don’t go, they won’t refund me.”
“You wasted money. It’s not as if you can afford to.”
“If you go for the operation, the money won’t go to waste.”
“I’m not going.”
“If I have to carry you to the car to get there, I’ll do it.” Mama looked at him in shock.
“You have no respect! How dare you threaten me!” she said.
“Sleep well, Mama,” said Dalu, as he kissed her cheek. He went to shower, then he climbed gladly into bed.
When he woke up, Mpho was sleeping beside him. He watched her a while, then he freshened up, and went to cook.
“Dalu,” said Mpho. Dalu looked up. Mpho had freshened up, and dressed for work.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi,” she returned, looking away from him.
“Sit down, I’ll be done just now.”
“I’m not going for tests…I said, I’m not going for tests.”
“I heard you.”
“Aren’t you going to say something?” Dalu put down the knife that he had been buttering bread with, and went to stand infront of Mpho. She stepped away from him, looking at him warily.
“Life is short. I want to spend it with you. We need to know what’s going on, so we can make contingency plans if we need to. If you won’t go for tests, that’s fine. However, because I can’t keep my hands off you, I’ll leave. I’ll be gone until you get tested, and feel comfortable sharing the results with me.
“If it’s as you fear, we’ll handle it. There’s medication, tests are being done overseas, there are recommended diets, and…we’ll find a way to handle it,” he said. They shared a long look, then she went to sit down. Dalu returned to work.
“All the people on medication die,” she said.
“Then we’ll go for alternative treatments, herbal or some other kind. We’ll find a way to manage, Mpho. We have to.” They shared a long look, then Mpho looked away.
“How can you sit there, and watch my sick son working?” demanded Mama, as she came into the room.
“I told her to sit down. I want to fix a special meal for you,” said Dalu.
“For me?”
“Yes, you’re starting a new life.”
“What new life?”
“A life free from headaches. I’m fixing your special meal now, because Mpho won’t be here for lunch, and you can’t eat supper.”
“Dalu…”
“It’ll be ready soon, then you and I have to go and see your doctor. They want one last look at you before the operation.”
“I’m not going,” said Mama. Dalu smiled, she had sounded as mutinous as Mpho.
“You’ll go, Mama, and they’ll help you. Sit down,” he said firmly.
“Dalubuhle…” she said.
“Gorgeous, would you set the table, please? Ntombi, sit down,” Dalu said. Mpho set the table. Mama sat down, looking cornered. Dalu put the food on the table.
“Here you are, ntombi, your favourite food, cooked just the way you like. Why do you look at it with such distate? Don’t you like this food any more?” he asked.
“I’ll choose another method of healing,” said Mama.
“There’s no need for that. The doctors are preparing for the operation as we speak.”
“I’ll do anything you want, Dalu, anything, but I won’t go for the operation,” said Mama. She sounded close to tears.
“The important thing now is to think optimistically. Mpho and I will come and see you tomorrow evening. I’ll spend the whole day there, if necessary.”
“I’ll go to the homeopath.”
“The hospital…”
“I’ll go to the homeopath this second if you can get me an appointment.”
“We already have an appointment at the hospital, Mama. Gorgeous, eat, you need energy for your work,” said Dalu.
He left the kitchen and went to the bedroom. He phoned a homeopath, and booked a late afternoon appointment for Mama. He returned to the kitchen. Neither Mama nor Mpho were eating.
“Come on, ntombi, come on, gorgeous, eat up,” he said. He sat down, and dished food for himself. He ate a few forkfuls, then he started feeding Mpho, as well as himself. She resisted at first, he insisted, and eventually, she ate what he fed her.
“Ntombi, aren’t you eating? Here, have some of this,” he said, putting a forkful of food infront of Mama. She started eating for herself. Dalu turned to Mpho, and focused on feeding her. He smiled, she was enjoying it as much as he was.
“You’re not eating,” she said. He fed them both. When Mpho was leaving for work, he walked her to the car. He kissed her cheek, and watched her drive off.
He returned to the house. Mama had stopped eating.
“Okay, ntombi, go and rest, then we’ll go and see the doctor,” he said. She left the room in silence. He cleared up, then sis Ruth arrived. Dalu worked on some articles, then he made lunch. Mama could hardly eat. Dalu dismissed sis Ruth early.
“I have to go to the bank, come with me,” he said to Mama.
“No,” she said.
“It’s not far,” he said, helping her to her feet. He took her hand, and they walked to the nearby mall. He got money from the ATM, then he and Mama climbed into a cab. He held her hand as they drove to their destination. She looked as if she wanted to cry. They alighted at their destination, and Dalu paid for the cab.
“Homeopath? What are we doing here?” asked Mama, looking at the sign at the entrance to the building.
“You said you’d go to a homeopath, here we are. Let these people help you, or we’re on for the operation,” said Dalu. Mama walked into the building ahead of him. After the consultation, they took a cab home. Mama was chatting as if she had a new lease on life.
They found Mpho at home. She had brought takeaways. They ate them for supper, and then Mama went to sleep.
“You’re wicked. She obviously didn’t sleep last night because of what you said to her,” said Mpho.
“It worked. How are you?”
“Alright.”
“Thanks for supper.”
“You’re welcome.”
“When are you going for the test?”
“I’m not going.” They shared a long look, then Dalu started clearing the kitchen table.
“Sit down, I’ll do it,” said Mpho. Dalu sat down, and looked at the new diet that the homeopath had given Mama. Getting the food would require a lot of money, as would Mama’s two week stay at the homeopath’s clinic. He closed his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” asked Mpho.
“Nothing,” replied Dalu, opening his eyes.
“Tell me. Please.”
“Money. Always money.”
“For what?”
“Mama’s treatment. How much did you pay for my hospital stay, and for bringing my parents here?”
“Why do you ask?”
“I need to reimburse you. How much do I owe you? Mpho?”
“How much do you need for Mamazala’s treatment?”
“Forty thousand rand. How much do I owe you?”
“Thirty thousand.” Dalu groaned, and closed his eyes.
“Deal with Mamazala’s treatment, then we’ll talk,” said Mpho.
“I don’t know how I’m supposed to come up with all that money in ten days.”
“Go to sleep. You look tired,” said Mpho, as she helped Dalu to his feet.
“Did you take your medication?” she asked.
“Yes,” said Dalu. He could not get to sleep. He tossed and turned as he explored money making options, and drew blanks. He sat up in the middle of the night.
“Dalu?” Mpho said sleepily. She had raised her head.
“I’m just going to the bathroom, go back to sleep,” said Dalu. Mpho lay her head down again. Dalu climbed out of bed, picked up some clothes, and went to the lounge. He dressed in the dark, then he sat thinking.
He could not borrow any more money from his friends. Borrowing from Mpho was out of the question. The pittance that he had left was hardly enough to get Mama through the homeopath’s door for treatment. He groaned, holding his head in his hands.
The light came on, startling him.
“You said you were going to the bathroom,” said Mpho.
“Go back to bed,” he said.
“Not without you.” He stood and followed Mpho to the bedroom. He finally fell asleep towards dawn.
He was woken by hearing a door close. He sat up, looked at the time, then dressed quickly, and went to the kitchen. He was in time to see Mpho leaving. He followed her to the car. He helped her in, kissed her cheek, then he watched her driving off.
“Come and eat,” said Mama, as he entered the kitchen. Dalu ate reluctantly, then he took his medicines. He forced himself to do some work, even though his mind was busy with financial worry. In a short while, he stopped working. He simply could not concentrate.
“What’s the matter?” asked Mama.
“Nothing.”
“Do you want to sleep?”
“No, I’ll take a walk.” He walked until he tired, then he took a cab back home.
“Dalu, what is it?” asked Mama.
“I’m fine,” he said.
“You look exhausted. Sit down. I’ll get you something to eat.”
“I want to sleep.”
“You’ll sleep after taking your medication, you need to eat before doing that.”
Dalu ate, and drank his medicine, then he went to sleep. When he woke up, he lay thinking. He was going to have to be a man about the money that he needed, and get it somehow. He went to finish an article, and sent it off to a newspaper. He felt good knowing that money would soon be going into his bank account. It was not much, but every single cent counted.
He stretched, and looked at the time. It was after nine in the evening. Where was Mpho? He phoned her, and her phone went to voicemail. He tried half an hour later, with the same result. He picked up his wallet, and opened the front door.
“Hi, Dalu. Are you going somewhere?” asked Mpho.
“Where’ve you been? Do you know what time it is?” he demanded.
“I was working.”
“Why didn’t you phone me? I thought…”
“I left a message with Mamazala.”
“She didn’t tell me. Are you alright?” 
“I’m fine. Can I come in?” Dalu moved out of the doorway, and watched Mpho enter the house. He closed the door.
“Do you want to eat?” he asked.
“I'm going to shower, then I’ll sleep.” Dalu started on another article.
When he tired, he went to the bedroom. Mpho had fallen asleep on the bed, with a towel round her. It had become undone, and her breasts and belly were exposed. He watched her a while, then he opened out the bedclothes. He put her in them, then he covered her up. He disrobed, and lay down beside her.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

When he woke up, she was sitting beside him, watching him. She had obviously showered, and she was dressed for work.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi.”
“Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.”
“I’ll go and make you something to eat.”
“I’ve already cooked.”
“Oh.”
“Are you getting up?”
“Yes.”
“I have to go.”
“Already?”
“It’s late.” He looked at the clock.
“I’ll see you later. Have a good day,” he said.
“Thank you, you too.” She stood, and walked towards the door.
“Mpho,” he said. She looked at him.
“I love you,” he said. She gave him a long look, then she left.
When he had freshened up and dressed, he went to look for Mama, there was no sign of her. He phoned Mpho, and asked her if she knew where Mama was. She said she was taking her to see Mme, who had invited her over. Dalu stopped worrying. He ate, and took his medicines.
He finished an article, and started on another one. When he finished for the day, he started making supper. When it became dark, and there was still no sign of Mama or Mpho, he decided to phone Mpho. His phone rang before he could make the call.
“Mpho, are you alright?” he asked.
“We’re at my parents’ home, waiting for supper, then we’ll come home.”
“I was starting to worry.”
“That’s why I phoned. See you later.”
He was woken by a noise, and he sat up. He watched Mama and Mpho as they entered the house.
“You should have gone to bed,” said Mpho.
“I was worried about you.”
“I told you that we were fine.”
“Let’s go and sleep.” 
He woke with a moan.
“Dalu, what is it? Are you in pain?” asked Mpho, as she switched on a light.
“I’m fine,” said Dalu.
“You cried out.”
“It’s nothing.”
“But…”
“It’s only a nightmare. I’m awake now, and it’s gone.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m fine,” he lied, with a cold feeling in the pit of his stomach.
He was startled when she put her arms round him.
“You’re fine now,” she said.
“I know.”
“Then why do you look so horrified?”
“It’s nothing. Go back to sleep.”
“Will you sleep?”
“I’ll try.” She kissed his cheek, and lay down. When he was sure that she was asleep, he climbed out of bed, showered, then he went to work. He had to make a lot of money. He could not bear the idea of Mama dying, as had happened in the nightmare that had woken him.
“Dalu, what are you doing?” asked Mama. Dalu looked up at her.
“You should be in bed,” he said.
“So should you.”
“What are you doing?”
“I’m working.”
“This early?”
“I need to make lots of money for your treatment.”
“Don’t worry so much. Go to sleep, and get well.”
“But…”
“Go to sleep,” Mama said firmly. Dalu stood, and went to his bedroom. He did not bother getting into bed. He had been too frightened by the nightmare to return to sleep. He did some work.
“Dalu,” said Mpho. He looked towards the bed. Mpho was on her feet, looking at him.
“Did you get any sleep?” she asked.
“I’m fine,” he said. She walked towards him, and stood looking down at him. She caressed his face. He closed his eyes, and kissed her hand. If she took to touching him, he would have to leave. There was no way he would keep his hands off her if they continued to live together.
“You didn’t sleep, did you?” she asked. He opened his eyes and looked at her.
“What nightmare was this?” she asked.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” She kissed his cheek, and went to the bathroom. He worked a while longer, then he went to shower in the other bathroom. He dressed, then he went to the kitchen.
“Sit down. Breakfast is ready,” said Mama. Dalu greeted her, then he sat down.
“You must recover fully,” she said, watching him.
“I intend to, Mama. What about you?”
“What about me?”
“Do you intend to recover fully?”
“Of course. I want to play with your children.” Someone gasped. Mpho was looking at Mama, with a distressed expression on her face.
“Mpho, Mpho,” Dalu called, as he followed her out of the house. He ran after her, but he could not catch up.
“Mphooo,” he called. He caught up with her, and moved her out of the path of the car that was hooting at her.
“Are you trying to get yourself killed,” he demanded, scared and furious at the same time. Mpho was crying. He put his arms round her, and held her. When she stopped crying, she withdrew from his arms, and turned away from him. He moved to see her face, she moved her head, giving him access to her profile. She closed her eyes, looking close to tears again. She opened her eyes, and looked into the distance.
“I’ll send you the divorce papers at the end of next week,” she said flatly. Dalu felt his blood go cold, as his heart thumped hard. I did not hear her clearly, he told himself. He saw the look of resolve on her face, and realised that he had heard her very clearly.
“Why?” he asked, feeling as if he was going to faint.
“It’s for the best.”
“For who?”
“Us!” she said, looking at him as if he was stupid not to know that.
“How can you say that?” He watched as she wiped away the tears that were running down her cheeks.
“Your mother’s against this marriage, so’s my family, we have no future with all this opposition,” she said.
“That’s not true.”
“Our families matter to us. It won’t be long before we succumb to their disapproval and divorce. Let’s do it while we’re still civil to each other.”
“No.”
“It’s for the best,” she said, sounding close to tears.
“Do you want a divorce?”
“It’s for the best!”
“What’s in it for you if you divorce me?”
“That’s my business.” Dalu watched her, then he returned home. He sat at the kitchen table.
“What’s going on?” asked Mama.
“Nothing,” replied Dalu. He watched Mpho come into the house. She took her work things, made her goodbyes, and left.
“Is everything alright?” asked Mama.
“Yes, let’s eat,” said Dalu. He ate, then he used public transport to get to Mpho’s parents’ home.
“Tshabalala? Is everything alright?” asked Ntate.
“Yes, I just came to see how you all are,” replied Dalu.
“Oh,” said Mme, looking at him suspiciously.
“Sit down,” said Ntate. Dalu sat down in the lounge. Mme and Ntate sat watching him. He asked after everyone’s health. Ntate said that everyone was fine, then he asked after Dalu’s parents. Dalu said they were fine. After that, no one could think of anything to say. Mme left the room, Ntate started reading a newspaper. Dalu told himself to leave, but something told him to stay.
He was woken by the sound of laughter. He opened his eyes, and sat up. Ntate was watching him. Dalu’s heart started beating faster when he heard Mpho’s voice. She was laughing with Mme. Their voices were coming from outside the front door. They entered the house. Mpho went to greet Ntate. She sat beside him, and they teased each other about how old they were getting. Mpho looked towards Dalu, then she did a double take.
“What are you doing here?” she demanded.
“I’ve come to see my in-laws.”
“Why?”
“They’re my parents away from home.”
“I don’t want you here.”
“Only my in-laws can send me away.”
“Ntate…”
“I’m not sending him away. Why should I? He’s not hurting you, is he?” asked Ntate.
“I don’t want him here.”
“Your mother just made lunch. You can take your husband with you when you go back to work.” Mpho looked from Ntate to Dalu, then she left the room angrily.
“Are you two fighting?” asked Ntate.
“I’m not sure,” replied Dalu.
“What’s the problem?”
“I’ll sort it out.” Ntate nodded, then he stood.
“Come, I want to show you my garden,” he said, leading the way out of the house. Dalu was impressed.
“This is very enterprising. I didn’t know this could be grown in this part of the country,” he said. Ntate smiled, pleased.
“Do you want a taste?” he asked.
“Yes please.” Ntate picked a few strawberries, and gave them to Dalu. Dalu ate them enthusiastically.
“They’re great. Do you sell them?” he asked.
“Not yet, this is the first time I’ve succeeded at growing them. Now that I know how to grow them properly, I’ll grow more of them, then I’ll sell them.”
“I’ll be one of your most frequent customers. I love them.” Ntate called for Mpho. When she came, he asked her to bring him a plastic bag. When she returned with the bag, Ntate started picking strawberries, and putting them in the packet. When he was satisfied with the amount in the packet, he gave it to Dalu.
“Thank you,” said Dalu, looking and sounding very surprised.
“Can we come and eat?” Ntate asked Mpho. Mpho nodded, her eyes on the packet in Dalu’s hand.
“Let’s go,” Ntate said, leading the way to the house. Mpho followed him, and Dalu brought up the rear. Everyone sat down to eat.
“Ntate gave Dalu strawberries,” said Mpho. Mme looked from Mpho to Ntate, to Dalu, clearly very surprised.
“I love them,” said Dalu. The rest of the meal was eaten in silence.
“This was great, thank you,” Dalu said to Mme. She smiled at him for the first time since they had met. He smiled back.
“I’m off,” said Mpho.
“Take your husband with you,” said Ntate. Mpho looked at Dalu malevolently. Dalu thanked his in-laws, then he made his way to Mpho’s car. She joined him a few minutes later. She was furious.
“I’ll drive, if you like,” he said.
“Get in,” she said curtly. As he had feared, Mpho drove fast.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“To Gola’s office. I’ll walk from your office to his.”
“I’ll drop you off where you’re going,” said Mpho. Scared by her driving, Dalu turned his back on her, and closed his eyes. He had to stop himself from gasping every time she braked suddenly. He got used to the sound of hooters hooting at Mpho’s maniacal and very risky driving. He was glad that no traffic officers had stopped them. He was afraid that Mpho might lose her licence.
He was grateful when they arrived at his destination in one piece. He opened his door, and put his feet gratefully on the firm ground.
“What time shall I pick you up?” she asked curtly.
“I’ll make my own way home.”
“What time?”
“Half past five,” he replied, then he climbed out of the car. As soon as he had closed the door, she roared off. He took several deep breaths, then he went to find Gola. They spent the afternoon delivering cars to Gola’s clients. They returned to his office at five o’clock. Mpho arrived promptly at half past five.
Dalu stood as he and Gola greeted her. Dalu thanked Gola for having him, then he and Mpho made their goodbyes. They turned towards the door, and a woman entered.
“Katlego,” said Gola.
“Two things. I got tested, I’m HIV negative. I’m pregnant, I want a hands-on father for my baby. If you’re not up to it, let me know by the weekend, and I’ll find myself a responsible man,” said the woman, then she left. Dalu looked at a stunned Gola, and helped him back into his seat.
“How can she be pregnant? We always used condoms,” said Gola. Mpho gave him a glass of water. He drank it, then he shook his head.
“I’m glad she’s HIV negative, she was convinced she was dying. Now, we both know for sure what’s going on,” he said.
“Are you happy about the baby?” asked Mpho.
“No! How will I explain a baby to my wife, when she’s not its mother?” Mpho kissed her teeth, and left. Dalu made his goodbyes again, and followed her.
She was standing by the driver’s door.
“You drive,” she said, giving Dalu the car keys.


CHAPTER TWELVE

“Bastard!” she said, as Dalu drove.
“Me?” asked a startled Dalu.
“Gola. How dare he not be glad about the baby! Why do babies go to people who don’t want them? I’d give ten years of my life to have one, but I can’t. He’s an ungrateful…aaaaaaaah!” she screamed in fury. A silence followed her scream.
“Do you want a divorce because you can’t have a baby?” asked Dalu.
“Is something wrong with that?”
“Not if both parties are agreed.”
“Are you saying you don’t want a divorce?”
“Do you?”
“The important thing is that your mother wants grandchildren, and I can’t give them to her.”
“We can adopt.”
“It’s not the same! I want to carry my child in my belly, and I want to bring her into the world myself.”
“If I have to choose between having a child with someone else, and having no child with you, I choose you.”
“That doesn’t make sense!”
“It makes sense to me.” They made the rest of the journey in silence.
At home, Dalu watched Mama look between him and Mpho. Neither of them ate much.
“What’s the matter?” asked Mama. Dalu did not respond. He watched Mpho in silence.
“I can’t have children,” she said.
“Oh…What will you do, Dalu? You must see that you have to find a wife who’ll give you children,” said Mama.
“That’s what I said too,” said Mpho.
“Oh. Good. As I said, Dalu, your father and I will talk to Linda’s family, and…” Dalu stood, and left the room. In the bedroom that he shared with Mpho, he made a phone call, then he went to get a suitcase and some clothes from the room that Mama was using. When he had finished packing his clothes into the suitcase, he took it to the kitchen.
“Are you going somewhere?” asked Mpho.
“You want a divorce, so I’m giving it to you,” said Dalu.
“Oh!” said Mpho, in shock. Dalu looked from her to Mama, who looked just as shocked as Mpho.
“We have to go, Mama. We can’t live in Mpho’s house since she’s divorcing me,” he said.
“Where are we going?” asked Mama.
“I don’t know.”
“You’re not making Mamazala sleep on the street,” said Mpho.
“Get packed, Mama. We need to go before it’s too late,” said Dalu. Mama left the room in a daze.
“What are you doing?” asked Mpho.
“I’m leaving. I won’t stay where I’m not wanted.”
“I didn’t say I don’t want you.”
“You keep throwing the word ‘divorce’ around. You don’t talk of divorcing someone that you want around you.”
“Don’t go. Please don’t go.”
“We can’t effect a divorce when we live in the same house.”
“You can’t do this.”
“Why not? Are you expecting me to live here after the divorce?” Mpho opened and closed her mouth wordlessly.
“You…you’ll be deported,” she said. Dalu shrugged.
“Don’t you care?” she asked.
“The only thing I care about is being with you. If I can’t have that, then I don’t care what happens to me.” They watched each other, then Dalu went to Mama’s room. The door was open, Mama was sitting on the bed. Dalu started packing for her.
“We need to go,” he said.
“Where will we go at this time?”
“Does it matter? You’ll get your wish, Mpho and I will be separated.”
“You can’t just leave her.”
“It’s what you both want.”
“You should give her time to get used to the idea of the separation, and the divorce.”
“She doesn’t need time. This looks like all your things, let’s go,” Dalu said, closing Mama’s suitcase, and carrying it out of the room.
Mpho was standing in the kitchen, wiping away tears. Dalu looked away from her. The sight of her tears made him feel terrible. He frowned, furious with himself for being swayed by tears. The ringing of the doorbell startled them both. Dalu went to open the door, and Chris entered the house.
“Hi. What’s so urgent?” he asked.
“Mama needs a place to stay. Can you keep her for a few days?” said Dalu.
“What’s going on?” asked Chris, looking from Dalu to Mpho’s tear-stained face, to the suitcases.
“Mpho and I are getting divorced, so I’m leaving.”
“You’re crazy about her.”
“Yes, I am, but she doesn’t want me.”
“Is this true, Mpho?”
“No!” replied Mpho.
“Dalu, you and your wife need to talk and sort yourselves out. Hello, Mama. We need to leave now,” said Chris. Mama looked tearful. Dalu picked up her suitcase, and ushered her towards the door.
“Where will you go?” she asked. Dalu shrugged. Mama looked from him to Mpho, then she went to hug her. The two of them clung to each other, with tears in their eyes. Dalu looked away from the sight they made to stop himself from holding them both. He looked at Chris, and Chris took his arm, and ushered him out of the house.
“Dalu, don’t play stupid games. You just looked death in the eyes, yet here you are now, talking of divorcing the love of your life. Talk to your wife, and sort out whatever this is. I don’t think I can keep Mama beyond tomorrow. Gloria’s family’s coming the day after tomorrow.”
“Thank you for hosting her.” Chris looked from Dalu to the front door, where Mama was hovering.
“Come this way,” said Chris, as he ushered her to the car. Dalu put her suitcase in the boot, then he waved as they drove off. He walked back into the house, and picked up his suitcase.
“I don’t want a divorce,” said Mpho.
“You said you did,” said Dalu, as he walked towards the door. Mpho reached it first. She closed it, and leaned on it with a determined expression on her face.
“I need to go,” said Dalu.
“I don’t want you to.”
“You…”
“I was trying to do the right thing.”
“Then let me go.”
“No!”
“Mpho…”
“I don’t want to be without you.”
“How will we work the divorce?”
“There’ll be no divorce.”
“The issue of children…”
“We can adopt, or we can live alone, just the two of us.”
“You said you won’t go for HIV testing. I can’t live with you if…” A look of fear crossed Mpho’s face.
“I’ll go for the test,” she whispered.
“I’m not forcing you.”
“I’ll go,” she insisted, with a stronger sounding voice. He gave her a long look, then he put his suitcase down.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“I love you. I want to spend my life with you.” Dalu started smiling, then he stopped himself.
“We need to get something straight,” he said.
“What?” asked Mpho, looking concerned.
“Neither of us can say something that we don’t mean.”
“What do you mean?”
“You said you wanted a divorce, but you didn’t mean it. Don’t tell me things you don’t mean, and I won’t tell you things I don’t mean. Do you want a divorce?”
“No.”
“Do you want to stay with me?” 
“Yes.” They watched each other in silence.
“Can I come with you?” he asked.
“Where?”
“When you go for HIV testing.” She looked away from him. He moved closer to her.
“I want to be there. We’ll both get tested,” he said.
“Dalu…”
“I want to be with you. I want to shout and celebrate with you if you’re fine, and if you’re not, I still want to be with you.” She looked at him uncertainly.
“Don’t you want me with you?” he asked.
“I’m scared.”
“So am I.”
“Why?”
“The results might show that you’re sick, and that’d mean I’d only have a short time with you, when I want us to have a long life together. Whatever the results, I want to be with you. Can I go with you for the test?” She threw herself into his arms, and held him tight.
When she released him, she took his hand in one of her hands, and picked up his suitcase with her other hand. She led Dalu to the lounge, and helped him into a seat. She put his suitcase down, and sat beside him.
“I’m sorry I said I wanted a divorce,” she said.
“Why did you say it?”
“I thought you’d want a divorce, so I volunteered to divorce you before you could say you wanted out. I’m very bad at taking rejection”
“All people are bad at that.” She frowned.
“What is it?” he asked.
“Your Mama will be disappointed that we’re not divorcing.”
“She’ll get over it. How do you know you can’t have children? Mpho?”
“The man who died, Gerald…”
“What about him?”
“He and I lived together for three years. We wanted babies. When they didn’t come, we both got tested. He could have children, I can’t.”
“I’m sorry.”
“So am I. I’d love to give you children. How many do you want?”
“None, if I can’t have them with you.”
“How many would you want, if I could have children?”
“Two or three. Being an only child is very lonely. How many would you want?”
“Four.” She hugged him.
“I’m so glad you’re here,” she said.
“So am I,” yawned Dalu.
“You need to rest,” said Mpho, leading him to their bedroom. She helped him to undress.
“I’ll go for the test first thing tomorrow morning,” she said.
“Okay.”
“Ntate likes you.”
“How do you know?”
“He gave you strawberries. Only special people get given strawberries.” Dalu smiled.
“I’m glad he likes me, but I’m even more glad that you want to be with me. Your reaction to me when we first met was not very encouraging.”
“What do you mean?”
“You looked at me as if you thought I was disgusting.”
“I didn’t think you were disgusting, I assumed that a cute guy like you would now that he was cute, and expect every woman in the vicinity to worship at his feet.”
“I couldn’t figure out how I had offended the most gorgeous woman in the world.”
“You thought I was gorgeous?” she asked, as she helped him into his pyjamas.
“I still think it. I wanted to punch the man who had his hands all over you.”
“So did I.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“He was my date.”
“He didn’t deserve you. I was glad when you got rid of him. You went through a lot of men very quickly. What was going on?” asked Dalu, as Mpho made to help him into bed. He resisted, and started undressing her.
“Gerald…” said Mpho.
“Gerald?”
“The man I lived with, who died recently.”
“What about him?”
“He was the love of my life.”
“Oh,” said Dalu, feeling his world shrink.
“Until you,” said Mpho. Dalu felt the sun light up his world again.
“We broke up because he was a cheat. He’d cheat, say he was sorry, and I’d forgive him. Within a week, he’d be back to his old ways. I eventually reached the end of my patience, and broke up with him. He came after me, pleading and begging. I started dating other men to get him to back off. I got rid of them as soon as they started pressuring me to sleep with them.
“Your offer of marriage couldn’t have come at a better time. What clinched it was the fact that there was a time limit on the marriage. I figured that I’d marry you, Gerald would leave me alone, then you and I would divorce, and I’d get on with my life,” said Mpho. Dalu had helped her into her negligee, then he helped her into bed, and climbed in beside her.
“I couldn’t believe it when you agreed to marry me. I expected you to laugh until your stomach hurt when I proposed,” he said.
“You looked so solemn. You’re always solemn. Why don’t you smile more? You have a knee-weakening smile. I noticed it when I first took you to meet my family. You smiled at Tebogo, and I literally got weak in the knees.”
Dalu smiled at Mpho. She kissed him.
“You have no idea how many months it took me to get the courage to ask you to marry me,” he said.
“Why would you need months? All you did was ask me to marry you, so that you could get citizenship, then you said we’d get divorced. That didn’t need courage.”
“I was afraid you’d tell me to get lost. No one wants to be told that by someone they’re in love with.”
“You didn’t know me, how could you love me?”
“I told you, I fell in love with you the second I laid eyes on you. You were a voluptuous vision of womanhood. Why have you lost weight?”
“I need to.”
“No, you don’t. If you get any smaller, there’ll be nothing to you. I must focus, and feed you properly.”
“You feed me fine.”
“I’ll do better. Can we sleep? I’m very tired all of a sudden.”
When Dalu awoke, Mpho was packing her work things.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi.”
“Are you leaving?”
“It’s time.”
“We just climbed into bed.”
“Look at the time.” He looked at the clock beside him, and sat up abruptly. She was watching him.
“Is everything alright?” he asked.
“I’m going to get tested.”
“Oh, yes.”
“You said you’d come with me.”
“Oh, yes. I’ll get cleaned up and be with you soon.”
“Don’t be scared,” he said, as she drove to the doctor.
“But I am, Dalu, I’m very scared. I don’t want to end up looking like a starvation victim, with everyone shunning me, and you leaving me.”
“I won’t leave you.”
“I don’t know that I wouldn’t leave you if you had Aids. The very idea of it scares me.”
At the doctor’s, Mpho could hardly sit still. She got on her phone, and blasted everyone that she spoke to. After the third call, Dalu took the phone from her, and held her. She resisted, then she held him tight. Her name was called, and she and Dalu went to the consulting room.
Dalu almost floated when Mpho introduced him to the doctor as her husband. She had only ever called him that to her family. They both gave blood samples, and had full medical examinations, then they left.
“I wish they’d give us our results now. Where do you want me to take you?” Mpho asked.
“Go to work, I’ll make my way home on my own.”
“I can take you where you’re going.”
“I’m going where you’re going.”
Outside her office, Mpho turned in her seat to look at Dalu.
“Do you want to take the car, and fetch me later?” she asked.
“No,” he said, then he kissed her. He went to watch a movie, then he bought a CD for Mpho, before catching a cab back home. He marvelled at himself for spending money as if it grew on trees, when he needed every last cent, in order to meet his obligations.
He had started working, when his phone rang.
“How are you, Dalu?” asked Baba.
“I’m well, Baba, how are you?”
“I’m fine. I’ve sent some money to you for your mother’s treatment, and for what your wife used to fly us to see you. I need you to go and get it from the company that you use to send us money. Thank you for getting your mother to go for treatment. I don’t want to think of life without her.”
Dalu sighed with relief after the call. He had not known where he was going to get the money. He phoned Chris, and arranged to fetch Mama. He took a taxi to Chris’s home, and found Mama with Chris’s Mama. He sighed as he looked between the tense women.
“Dalu, how good to see you,” said Mama. Dalu sat down, and greeted the women.
“I’m afraid I can’t stay. I’ve come to fetch Mama,” he said. Mama stood immediately, and went to fetch her luggage.
“I hear you have a South African wife,” said Chris’s Mama.
“Yes, I do,” said Dalu.
“Is that wise?”
“For me, yes.”
“We hear all sorts of horrible stories about our boys who marry South African women and return home in coffins.”
“That won’t happen to me.” Chris’s Mama made a sound of disbelief. Mama returned. She and Dalu thanked Chris’s Mama, then they left.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“Thank goodness you came when you did. I was afraid that woman and I would get into a fight,” said Mama.
“Why?” asked Dalu.
“She thinks she knows everything. She said your illness was caused by food poisoning brought on by your wife.”
“What?”
“She’s convinced we’ll be at your funeral in less than twelve months.”
“I’m going to live a long, and healthy life.”
“That’s what I told her, but would she listen? No. I don’t know how her husband lives with her. How are you?”
“I’m fine, Mama.”
“Good.”
“Baba sent me money for your treatment.”
“That’s great. I don’t you worrying any more.”
“Okay.”
“Where are we going?”
“Home.”
“You found a new place to stay?”
“A new place?”
“Last night, you were leaving your wife when I left.”
“I…”
“We need to talk. Find us a place to sit, and talk.” They went into a restaurant, and ordered tea.
“Listen, Dalu,” Mama said.
“I’m listening,” said Dalu.
“Marriage is not to be entered into, as if it’s a game.”
“I know.”
“You know I don’t approve of your choice of wife, but divorce is not an option for you.”
“We…”
“Who have you heard of in our family who got divorced? No one. We are people who sort out our problems, and remain married,” Mama continued.
She closed her eyes, and seemed to be digging deep inside herself for words. She opened her eyes, and looked at Dalu.
“I know I told you to get rid of that girl, but she’s your wife, and you don’t get rid of a wife or husband. A wife is not something you play with today, toss aside tomorrow, and find a replacement for the day after that,” she said.
“I know.”
“Your father’s threatened to send me away from his home if you chase that woman away.”
“Oh!”
“I don’t like her, but the two of you must sort out your problems, and stay together.”
“Yes.”
“Teach her to conduct herself in a manner that’ll make her acceptable to your family, and extended family.”
“Yes.”
“Did you ever see your father beating me?”
“No.”
“Don’t ever beat that child.”
“I won’t.”
Dalu and Mama returned home when they finished their tea.
“You still live with your wife? That’s good. Sort yourselves out, and stay together,” she said.
“Yes.” Dalu did some work, while Mama freshened up. When Dalu tired, he went to freshen up.
“Something smells good. Can I help?” he said, as he entered the kitchen.
“No, I want to do this alone. I want to show that child that I accept her as your wife,” said Mama. Dalu watched as Mama pulled out all the stops.
“You’re really serious about this,” he said.
“Where will I go if your father sends me away? I want to spend every single day with him. If this girl threatens you with divorce, do what you must to persuade her to stay married to you. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“I’m glad you didn’t stop her from working.”
“I’d never do that,” said Dalu.
He went to watch TV. A while later, he heard Mpho arrive. He waited to hear her leaving the kitchen as he wanted to go to their bedroom with her, but she did not leave the kitchen. He waited, and waited. Finally, he decided to go and investigate.
He found her and Mama seated at the kitchen table.
“What’s the matter?” he asked. Both women wiped away tears quickly.
“Nothing. You look great,” said Mpho.
“Why are you both crying?”
“Go and dress comfortably, Malokazana, supper will be ready soon,” said Mama.
“I can help you with…” said Mpho.
“No, this is my treat, even Dalu didn’t help. Go.” Mpho looked from Mama to Dalu, then she left the room.
“Why were you crying?” Dalu asked Mama as she cooked.
“Don’t worry so much, Dalu. Your wife told you it was nothing. Go watch TV or something.”
“I can set the table.”
“Go away.” Dalu went to watch some TV, then he went to look for Mpho.
“Wow,” he said, as he entered the bedroom. Mpho turned to look at him. She was wearing a dark green dress that showed her curves to great effect. He ran his eyes all over her body, then he looked into her eyes.
“You look fantastic,” he said. She smiled.
“How are you?” he asked.
“Good, how are you?”
“Fine. Why were you crying?”
“No reason.”
“Mpho!”
“Your Mama and I were making peace.”
“I’m glad.”
“How was your day?”
“Fine, and yours?”
“Long. I wanted to come home and sleep.”
“You’ll sleep tonight.”
“I don’t know if I’ll make it through dinner.”
“Let’s go before you fall asleep.” He walked towards her, took her hand, and made for the door. He looked back at Mpho, who was resisting following him.
“What is it?” he asked. She moved close to him, and kissed him. He put his arms round her, and held her tight. She broke the kiss, and backed away from him.
“What? Come back. What’s the matter?” he asked, moving towards her.
“I don’t want to infect you,” she said.
“You won’t.”
“Let’s be sure. I’d never forgive myself if I infected you,” she said, then she cursed, looking away from him.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“How am I supposed to last a week without your kisses? I’ll die.”
“You won’t. We’ll make a plan,” he said, walking towards her. She frowned.
“Maybe I should move in with my parents until we get our results,” she said to herself.
“No,” said Dalu.
“But…”
“We’ll manage. Let’s go.”
They stood by the kitchen table, holding hands, watching Mama, who was looking at them as if she was mesmerised.
“Are you alright, Mama?” asked Dalu.
“Yes. Yes, I’m fine. Sit down,” said Mama, turning away from them. Dalu helped Mpho into her seat, then he looked at Mama.
“Aren’t you joining us?” he asked. Mama brought plates to the table, then she stood staring at Mpho.
“Are you alright, Mamazala?” asked Mpho. Mama did not respond. Mpho stood, took the plates from her, put them on the table, then she left the room.
“Sit down and eat, Dalu. Where’s your wife?” asked Mama. Mpho returned, she was in a black pant suit.
“Sit down, Malokazana, the food will get cold,” said Mama. She, Mpho and Dalu sat down.
“I’m sorry, Malokazana, the colour of that dress you were wearing, reminded me of my mother. She had an outfit that very colour. We buried her in it,” Mama said.
“I’m sorry,” said Mpho.
“It’s not your fault. You didn’t know. She died a long time ago. I’ve been thinking a lot about her recently. When I saw you in that outfit, it was as if she’d come back to life. Let’s eat.” They all started eating.
“You’re a great cook, Mamazala,” said Mpho. Mama smiled.
“I’m surprised Dalu hasn’t divorced me,” Mpho said.
“For what?” asked Dalu.
“Not cooking like Mamazala.”
“I won’t divorce you, for anything.”
“That’s right, and don’t you divorce him, Malokazana. Marriage is for life. This business of divorce is nonsense. I don’t want to hear that you two have joined the millions of children who get divorced. No matter how bad things are, you stay together and work them out,” said Mama.
After dinner, Mpho cleared the table.
“Goodnight,” said Mama.
“It’s early,” said Dalu.
“I’m very tired, I’ll see you in the morning,” said Mama, and she left the room. Dalu stood to help Mpho.
“Sit down, I’ll do it,” she said. He sat down, and watched as she worked. He stood, and went to put his arms round her waist. His front was all along her back.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“I’m cold without you.”
“I can’t work with you touching me that way.”
“I don’t want to let you go. Leave that, let’s go to bed.”
“Dalu…”
“Leave it.”
“Your Mama will think I don’t know how to keep house.”
“We’ll wake up early and clean up before she wakes up.” Mpho dried her hands, Dalu took one of them in his, and led the way to their bedroom. They lay in the dark with their arms round each other.
When he woke up, Dalu was alone in the bed. He bathed, dressed, then he went to look for Mpho. He found her in the kitchen, making breakfast. He kissed her cheek, and joined her.
Mama joined them for breakfast, then Mpho left for work. Sis Ruth arrived. Dalu took Mama out to collect the money that Baba had sent for her treatment. Afterwards, they went to pay the homeopath for Mama’s treatment.
“I’m very glad that’s taken care of. As soon as my two week stay there is over, I’m going back home. I miss your father,” said Mama. When Mpho returned home from work, she told Mama and Dalu that her family would be joining them for dinner. She started cooking, and she would not let anyone help her.
In the early evening, they all freshened up, then Mpho’s parents and her younger siblings arrived. They had never been there. Mpho gave them a tour. Mme wept with pride. She and Ntate both rebuked Mpho for never having invited them to her home.
“I’m sorry. I got it just before Dalu and I got married. After we married, I couldn’t invite you, I hadn’t introduced you to him. I was also afraid that you’d disown me once you met him,” said Mpho.
“We’d never disown you, not matter what you did, or didn’t do,” said Ntate.
Everyone enjoyed dinner, and complimented Mpho’s efforts. After the guests left, Dalu hugged Mpho.
“I am so proud of you,” he said.
“Thanks. I’m glad they came, I’ve always felt bad about not letting them see where I live.”
“Are you still ashamed of being married to me?”
“No. And if you’re ashamed of being married to me…”
“I am not. I’m very proud to be married to you.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Next morning, Dalu drove Mama to Linda’s home, she wanted to spend the weekend with her. As Dalu was driving back home, his phone rang. His friend Gola asked him to his home, saying that it was very urgent that they meet. Dalu cursed. He had wanted to spend Saturday and Sunday with Mpho and her younger siblings, who were coming for the weekend. As an only child, he was eager to have siblings by marriage. He took the car home, and apologised to Mpho.
“Go. The sooner you go, the sooner you’ll be back,” she said.
“I don’t want to.”
“It may be important. Take the car.”
“No. I’ll use a cab. I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
Dalu took a cab to Gola’s home. He was welcomed by Gola’s wife, Anna. She looked miserable. She was normally all smiles, but she could not even fake a smile. She led him to the lounge, and they sat down.
“What’s the matter?” asked Dalu.
“Your friend’s a cheat. I want out of this marriage.”
“What has Gola done?”
“As if you don’t know. Is that what you plan to do to this foreigner that you married? South African women are not as docile as Zimbabwean women. If you try it on her, she’ll hire thugs to kill you.”
“I’ll never cheat on her.”
“I’m glad.”
“Where’s Gola?”
“Probably with his latest whore. I’ll go and get you something to eat.”
Dalu watched her as she walked out of the lounge. He did not want to be in a war zone. He wanted to be home, with Mpho. Where was Gola? Dalu did not want Anna using his shoulder to cry on.
He hated being called into people’s marital affairs. He believed that couples with problems should solve them, or, failing which, use professionals to solve their problems. He did not see how involving friends and family would not lead to gossip, and rumours.
Anna returned with tea. They sat talking about the latest social and political scandals. Anna started to relax.
Gola returned. Anna tensed up again. She took the tea things out of the lounge without greeting her husband, or offering him any refreshments. Gola watched her leave, then he looked at Dalu.
“Sit down. What have you done to her?” Dalu asked Gola.
“I don’t want to sit down, and I’ve done nothing to her.”
“Then why won’t she look at you? And why is she miserable? She’s always smiling. I’ve never seen her like this.”
“You don’t live with her. Let’s get out of here.” Dalu stood, Anna returned. She stood at the door, with her arms across her chest.
“Going somewhere?” she asked.
“We’re just going for a walk,” said Gola.
“Sit down.”
“We’re…”
“I said, sit down.” Dalu and Gola sat down, keeping their eyes on her. She was normally mild mannered, but her tone was commanding, and her demeanor did not encourage idle chatter.
“I’ve finally realised something,” she said to Gola.
“What?”
“You don’t love me, or respect me.”
“Of course I…”
“You can’t. You don’t love, or respect yourself.”
“How dare you…”
“Save it! I’ve known about your extra marital affairs since the first week after we married. I hoped you’d get over your fascination with women you’re not married to, but you never will. And I’ll never get over you. I’m going to do us both a favour,” she said, as she took a small gun out of her bosom. Dalu found himself on his feet.
“Anna…” said Gola.
“I’m going to shoot you, then I’m going to shoot myself. Dalu, I suggest you leave,” said Anna.
Dalu made to leave, Gola held onto him, and hid behind him. Anna cocked her gun. The men struggled in earnest. I can’t die and leave Mpho, thought Dalu. He fought to free himself from Gola, and Gola fought to use him as a shield. Dalu could hear his blood pounding in his ears. He fought harder, not wanting to see a blood bath.
The ringing of the doorbell startled the men. They stopped struggling, and looked at Anna. She was frowning at the door. Gola made to leap at her, she fired a shot. Gola screamed, and ran to hide behind one of the couches. Dalu stood shaking in his shoes.
“Open the door,” said Anna, keeping the gun pointed at Gola.
“Dalu, open the door,” repeated Anna. Dalu was surprised that his feet could move. He opened the door, and Themba hovered at the door.
“What’s going on?” he whispered.
“Get in here, and keep your mouth shut,” shouted Anna. Themba made to turn away, and Anna fired another shot. Gola screamed. Themba entered the house. Dalu closed the front door, and led the way to the lounge.
“Can I sit down?” whispered Themba. He and Dalu fell into the seats behind them.
“What’s going on?” asked Themba.
“I’m going to kill Gola, then I’ll kill myself,” said Anna. She had a bottle of whisky in her hand, and she was drinking it. Dalu had not known that she drank alcoholic beverages.
“Why?” asked Themba.
“Because his actions make me want to die, and I’m taking him with me.”
Themba gave Dalu a do-something look.
“I have a better idea,” said Dalu. Anna looked at him, then she refocused on the couch that Gola had hidden behind.
“Don’t kill him,” said Dalu.
“Why not? He deserves to die,” said Anna.
“If you kill him, he’ll suffer quick pain, then it will be over. But, if you divorce him for infidelity, you can claim untold monies from him. He’ll suffer every single month, for the rest of his life.”
“Dalu!” said Gola.
“He’ll quit work,” said Anna.
“Then you shoot him.” Anna laughed suddenly. Dalu’s heart started beating faster again.
“Gola, get up. Get up, you lousy excuse of a man. Get up. Go on, on your feet,” commanded Anna. Gola stood, with fear written all over his face. Anna walked towards him. Themba made to stand up.
“If you or Dalu try anything, I’ll kill that sorry excuse of a man,” said Anna. Themba subsided. Anna reached Gola. She put the barrel of her gun on his forehead. He had closed his eyes, and he had tears running down his face.
“Open your eyes,” said Anna. Gola opened his eyes. Anna lowered the gun down his face, to his throat, down his chest, down his belly, and she stopped the gun between his legs.
“I want a divorce. You’ll give it to me, and you’ll give me anything else that I want. If you don’t, I’ll cut this part of you off. When I’m through, no one will be able to put it back. Will you give me a divorce, or should I start cutting?” she asked. Gola shook his head from side to side.
“Are you going to give me the divorce?” she shouted. He nodded.
“I can’t hear you.”
“I’ll give you the divorce, and anything else you want, Anna, anything,” he pleaded.
“Will you stop playing around?” Gola did not respond. Anna’s eyes watered.
“I didn’t think so,” she said. She wiped away the tears angrily.
“Let’s go,” she said. He moved past her, and she followed him, with her gun trained on him.
“If I hear a sound from either of you, I’m shooting him, I swear,” Anna said earnestly, then she followed Gola out of the room. Themba and Dalu looked at each other. Themba brought his mobile out of his pocket. Dalu shook his head. Themba made as if he was typing a text message. Dalu shook his head. Themba put away his phone.
After a while, Gola appeared, dragging a suitcase.
“Time to go, everyone,” said Anna. Themba and Dalu followed Gola out of the house. Dalu looked behind him as the front door closed behind him.
“That bitch! That bloody bitch! Call the cops, I want her to rot in jail for trying to kill me. Who the hell does she think she is? She’s nothing. Nothing!” hissed Gola. He was furious, and he had tears running down his cheeks.
They all heard a gunshot from the house. Themba and Dalu lay on the ground. Gola almost broke one of the windows on Themba’s car as he tried to get inside it. There was a silence. Dalu stood, and approached the house.
“Dalu, get back here,” shouted Gola.
Dalu opened the front door cautiously, then he went into the house.
“Call an ambulance,” he shouted, as he went to kneel beside Anna’s prone body. There was a lot of blood on the carpet beside her. He was trying to find its source, when Gola entered the house.
“What’s happened?” he asked. Anna groaned, then she lifted her hand, and shot at him. He fell back with a scream. Dalu stood, looking from Anna to him.
“What’s going on?” asked Themba from the front door. He gasped when he saw what had happened.
“Did you call an ambulance?” asked Dalu. Themba nodded, then he fell on his bottom on the floor. His legs had obviously given out on him. Dalu looked at Anna, then he kicked the gun away from her. He went to Gola and examined him. Anna had shot him in the arm.
“It’s not serious. You’ll be fine,” said Dalu. Gola nodded, and made to sit up. Dalu helped him, then he went to Anna.
“Is he dead?” she panted.
“No.” Anna cursed.
“The ambulance is coming,” said Dalu.
“What’s the point? I’ll be dead… before… they…come,” she said. Her voice was fading, then she passed out.
“Anna? Anna,” shouted Gola, he sounded panicked.
The police and the paramedics arrived. The paramedics took Anna and Gola away. The police wanted statements from Dalu and Themba. Themba was in deep shock, Dalu gave a statement, then the police left.
Dalu cursed. He phoned Gola’s uncle, and told him that Gola and Anna had been shot. Uncle received the news calmly. Dalu was glad not to be asked how it had happened. He asked uncle to let Anna’s family know, as he did not have their contact details. Uncle thanked Dalu for letting him know what had happened.
Dalu drove himself and Themba to Themba’s home in Themba’s car.
“What’s happened?” asked Connie, Themba’s girlfriend. She helped Dalu to help Themba from the car, and into the lounge. Dalu collapsed into the seat beside Themba.
“Anna shot Gola and herself, because he cheats on her,” he said. Connie looked from him to Themba, then she sat down. Minutes later, she stood, left the room, and returned in a short while.
“I’m leaving,” she said.
“When are you coming back?” asked Dalu.
“Never. No one is going to kill me over a man, one I’m not even married to.”
“Themba needs you.”
“He should call his wife. Why are all the good men taken? What can we single women do? Our only option is to share the men that belong to other women. Or else, get involved with these South African men who think and act completely differently from the men from home.
“I never ever saw myself living with a married man. I was going to get married, and live happily ever after. But the kind of man I want is married, and I don’t want to live alone. I can just see myself stuck with a thug, who steals for a living, and thinks it’s normal to hit a woman if she fails to see things his way.”
“Not necessarily.”
“There are no free men from home.”
“I know some guys. If you’re serious, I can introduce you to them.”
“Will they still want me when they hear that I lived with Themba?” Dalu did not reply.
“I didn’t think so. Bye, Dalu. Tell Themba to lose my number,” said Connie, then she left.
Dalu phoned Mpho. He could hardly hear her above the background noise.
“We’re fine, we’re waiting for you to come home. When are you coming?” she asked.
“I miss you,” he said.
“Then come home.”
Dalu made Themba a snack, Themba did not eat. Dalu helped him to his feet, then he led him to the bathroom. He put him under the shower head, and opened the cold water tap. Themba came out of his stupor, and moved away from the cold water.
“What are you doing?” he demanded.
“I’m helping you to shower.”
“I don’t need help.” Dalu left the bathroom, and returned to the lounge. Minutes later, Themba joined him. He had showered, and changed. He sat down.
“Where’s Connie?” he asked.
“She left,” said Dalu.
“She didn’t tell me she’d be going out.”
“She’s not coming back.”
“Of course she’s coming back.”
“She says she doesn’t want your wife Agnes, doing to her, what Anna did to Gola.”
“Agnes will never know about Connie.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely.”
“People talk, Themba, you know that. If Agnes was cheating on you, the rumour mill would have let you know. Agnes probably knows about Connie.”
“Agnes would never dare to cheat on me.”
“Why not, when you’re cheating on her?”
“I’m a man.”
“That’s no excuse.”
“I have needs.”
“So does a woman.”
“Women can control themselves.”
“So can men.”
“Dalu…”
“You may have picked up a disease with all your playing around.”
“I haven’t.”
“Did you use condoms?”
“None of your business.”
“What if Agnes is living with someone?”
“She isn’t.”
“What would you do if she did?”
“I’d kill her.”
“The way Anna tried to do with Gola?”
“She had no right to do that. Gola has needs.”
“His needs hurt his wife.”
“She should understand that he’s a man, and he can do as he pleases.”
“He has no right to do what hurts his wife. That’s not the way to treat a wife.”
“Shut up!” shouted Themba. He and Dalu glared at each other. Dalu sighed.
“I didn’t come here to fight with you,” he said.
“Then don’t.”
“Connie’s a decent person.”
“What decent woman moves in with a man when she’s not married to him?”
“What man asks a woman that he’s not married to, to move in with him?”
“Don’t get high and mighty with me, Dalubuhle. I have the courage to go for what I want, you don’t. Don’t expect us all to believe the nonsense that your church brainwashed you into believing. Virginity till marriage, for a man, is a myth. That’s for women. A man needs to try as many mares as he can.”
“Don’t be vulgar.”
“I’m telling you now, Dalu, in this day and age, there are no virgins. I know, I lost my virginity when I was six years old.”
“Are you saying your eight year old Sharon is no longer a virgin?”
“Leave my child out of it! I want you to go.” They glared at each other, then Dalu stood, and left the house. He called a cab, then he waited until it arrived.
“Are you alright?” asked Mpho, when he arrived home.
“I’m fine,” he said.
“You don’t look fine.”
“I want to shower, then we’ll talk,” said Dalu. He greeted Mpho’s siblings, then he went to shower. When he came out of the shower, the house was quiet. Mpho was in the bedroom, waiting for him.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to spoil the party,” he said.
“What’s the matter?” asked Mpho. He went to sit beside her, then he lay back.
“Anna shot herself and Gola,” he said. Mpho gasped, and lay beside him.
“Why?” she asked.
“Because he cheats on her.”
“Are they alright?”
“He’ll be fine, but I don’t know how she’ll make out.” Mpho put her arms round him, and he held her tight.
“I’m so sorry,” she said.
“When Connie heard about it, she left Themba. He and I quarrelled about his sleeping around. I don’t think he’ll speak to me ever again. I should have stayed home.”
“You’re home now.”
“I’m very tired.” Mpho helped him out of his towel, into pyjama bottoms, then into bed. He woke with a start.
“Dalu, what is it?” asked Mpho, when Dalu switched on a light.
“Go to sleep,” he said. Mpho closed her eyes. Dalu climbed out of bed, switched off the light, then he left the room. Mpho joined him in the lounge with two blankets. She gave one to him, then she wrapped one round herself, and lay down on a couch. Dalu watched her a while, then he wrapped a blanket round himself, and lay down on another couch.
He felt bad about his quarrel with Themba, but he was really worried about Connie. He had grown up with her, and he knew her family. He was afraid that in her desperate state of mind, she would do something even more stupid than moving in with a married man. She might end up with a man who would beat her. There had been no violence in her home.
He dialled her number. The phone rang a long time, before she answered it.
“Has Themba asked you to plead for him?” she asked.
“No! I want to know that you’re alright. Connie? Are you there?”
“I’m fine.”
“Where are you?”
“With a friend.”
“Which one?”
“Linda.”
“Oh, good.”
“I can’t stay long. I disgust her. She’s a virtuous woman, being kind to the fallen woman. It’s killing us both. Thanks for caring.”
“Don’t cry, Connie.”
“How can I not cry? I have no one in the world. At least, if Themba had given me a child, I’d have someone, but he was fanatical about birth control. No one loves me.”
“Your family loves you.”
“They’re not here, are they? I’m all alone in this foreign land. I want to go home, but is that better? All my friends are married. I’d be envious all day, every day. Good night Dalu,” she said, then she cut the call. Dalu was relieved that she was with Linda.
He was woken by the sound of voices. He was lying on a couch, with a blanket around him. He could see Mpho and her siblings walking past the lounge door, talking in low voices. He sat up, and they all stopped to look at him. He greeted them, then he went to shower.
He joined them all for breakfast. After breakfast, Mpho’s sisters, Tebogo and Dintle, would not hear of him doing the dishes. Dalu went to the bank, when he returned, he took everyone out to lunch. After lunch, he and Mpho returned Mpho’s siblings to their parents’ home, then they left.
“Are you alright?” asked Mpho.
“I’m worried about Connie. Can we go and check on her?”
“Find out where she is, and we’ll go.” Dalu phoned Connie, she said that she was in no mood for company. Dalu and Mpho went to Carnival City, then, in the evening, they went to Linda’s to fetch Mama.
“Where’s Connie?” asked Mpho. Linda told her which bedroom Connie was in, and Mpho left the lounge. Dalu had noticed how unhappy Linda was.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“Where does Connie get the audacity to come to me for help?” Linda hissed.
“You have to be kind to each other in this strange country,” said Mama.
“I don’t want her here,” said Linda, then she left the room. She returned with tea. Mama was able to charm her out of her bad mood.
Mpho and Connie entered the lounge. Mpho sat beside Dalu. Connie sat down, and greeted him, then she thanked Linda for helping her.
“You’re leaving?” asked Linda.
“Yes,” replied Connie.
“Where will you go?” asked Dalu.
“Mpho said I could spend some time with you, until I get a place of my own,” said Connie. Dalu looked from her to Mpho. Mpho had a pleading look.
“Okay,” said Dalu. After tea, he, Mama, Mpho, and Connie, drove home. Mama and Connie went to sleep immediately.
“I’m sorry. I should have talked to you about inviting Connie to stay with us. She was so miserable, I couldn’t leave her there. I liked her the few times I met her,” said Mpho.
“I understand,” said Dalu.
“I should have thought it through. Now that she’s here, I’m scared.”
“Of what?”
“That you and she will have time alone, and then you’ll leave me for her.”
“I’d never do that.”
“She’s from your tribe, you’ll see what you’re missing, and…”
“I got all that had been missing in my life, when I got you. I’d never cheat on you, with her, or anyone else. You need to trust me, the way I trust you. I’d never get anything done if I worried about you leaving me for a local man. The local men are everywhere. You can’t help but meet them. I trust you to only want me.”
“I do.”
“And I only want you. Look on the bright side, with Connie here, we can’t get naked before our test results come out. I want to be intimate with you.” They watched each other, panting.
“Mama goes to the homeopath tomorrow. Can you drop her off?” asked Dalu.
“No problem. I’ll be taking Connie to work as well.”
“If this is too much for you…”
“It isn’t.”
“Thank you.”
“Don’t look at me like that.”
“Like what?”
“Like you think I’m wonderful.”
“I do think you’re wonderful.”
“Save it for after we get our test results.”


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

A few evenings later, Mpho invited her eldest brother, Kgotso, and his family, and her elder brother, Moeketsi, to dinner. Moeketsi arrived alone. Dalu was aware of him watching him closely. After a while, Moeketsi was watching Dalu and Mpho. At the end of the meal, Moeketsi’s focus had shifted to Connie. He watched her as if he was mesmerized by her. Dalu looked at her, she looked very sad. She was playing with her food, and not doing much talking.
“Where’s your husband, Connie?” asked Moeketsi. Connie looked at him, surprised by the question.
“My what?” she said.
“Your husband.” She snorted and looked at her plate of food.
“Are you telling me that there’s no Mr Connie?” continued Moeketsi.
“I wish there was,” said Connie, smiling sadly. She looked at him.
“Where’s Mrs Moeketsi?” she asked.
“There isn’t one.”
“A handsome man your age must have a woman somewhere.”
“The same applies to a beautiful woman like you. Where’s your man?”
“I left him.”
“Why?”
“None of your business.”
“I wanted to marry the woman I last had a relationship with, but she wanted someone else. What happened between you and your man? Didn’t he want to marry you?”
“He was already married.”
“That’s good.”
“Is it?”
“It means you and I can get married to each other.”  Connie laughed in disbelief.
“What’s so funny?” asked Moeketsi.
“You are.”
“I don’t understand.”
“You’ve been calling Dalu a kwerekwere all evening. How can you suggest marriage to me, when I am as kwerekwere as he is?”
“I won’t call you that when we’re married.”
“I’m not getting married.”
“Don’t you want to be married?”
“I want a good man from my tribe, who shares my language and culture, and who won’t beat me, but all the good men from my tribe are married.”
“I wanted a good Sotho woman, but I didn’t get one. You and I can console each other.”
“I don’t want to be consoled.”
“I do. I’m tired of living alone in that empty house.”
“Find a room mate.” 
“Will you be my room mate?”
“I’ve promised myself that I’ll never again live with a man who’s not my husband.”
“So marry me, and we can move in together.”
“Don’t be cruel.”
“I’m not cruel.”
“All I’ve ever wanted, was to be married, and to have children. And here you are, offering me marriage in jest.”
“I’m not joking.”
“You should be. Sit down, Mpho. I’ll clear the table,” said Connie, getting to her feet. Everyone was quiet, watching her as she took the dishes from the kitchen table, to the sink.
“I’ll wash up later,” said Mpho. Connie returned to her seat.
“Can you hold him for me?” asked Precious, as she gave her sleeping son, Gary, to Connie. Connie held the child as if she cherished him. Precious left the room.
“Mama,” the child sighed against Connie’s bosom. Tears ran down her cheeks. She wiped them away quickly.
“I can give you a baby,” said Moeketsi.
“Stop teasing,” said Connie.
“I’m not teasing.” Connie looked from Gary to Moeketsi, then she looked at the sleeping child again.
“Dalu, do you know Connie’s parents?” asked Moeketsi.
“What if he does?” asked Connie.
“Then he can talk to them about me going to see them, so that I can pay them magadi.” Connie laughed mirthlessly.
“Who wants soiled goods?” she asked.
“Soiled goods?”
“Me.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Don’t you care that I lived with a man without marrying him?”
“I lived with a woman that I wasn’t married to.”
“It’s different for a man.” Precious returned to her seat, and made to take Gary back.
“Can I hold him a while longer?” asked Connie. Precious nodded.
Dalu looked round the table. Everyone was watching Connie with Gary. Moeketsi was clearly smitten with her. Kgotso was mentally licking his lips as he watched her. Dalu could forsee trouble between the brothers if Connie was not firm about what she wanted, or what she did not want.
“We’re off. Thank you for dinner,” said Kgotso. All the guests left at the same time. Connie insisted on doing the dishes.
Next afternoon, Dalu and Mpho went to get their test results. Both of them were HIV negative, free from any other STIs, and they were healthy all round. Mpho had tears in her eyes when she turned to Dalu, and hugged him.
“I want to celebrate,” she said, as they walked to the car. She stopped Dalu, and kissed him soundly. They broke the kiss when they became aware of the cat calls around them. They shared a sheepish look, then they climbed into the car.
“Drop me off at work, I’ll make my own way home,” said Mpho.
At home, Dalu could not settle to work, to watching TV, or to anything else. In the late afternoon, he went to buy takeaways because he was not up to cooking. When he returned home, Mpho, Connie, Themba, and Moeketsi were there. Mpho and Connie were relieved to see him. They greeted him like a hero, then they left him with Themba and Moeketsi, who had not taken to each other.
“I didn’t know Connie was here,” said Themba.
“What of it?” asked Moeketsi.
“I’m talking to Dalu.”
“I’m talking to you. Connie’s movements are no business of yours.”
“Last time we talked, I got the impression that we’d never talk to each other again,” said Dalu.
“I miss you,” said Themba.
“I miss you too, but I’m not going to change my stance about…”
“I know. Let’s agree to differ, then we’ll be fine.”
“Okay.”
“Can you talk to Connie for me?”
“About  what?” demanded Moeketsi.
“I don’t want to live without her,” said Themba.
“Are you going to marry her?”
“What business of yours is it?”
“I’m going to marry her.”
“No one will marry her. Who can marry someone who doesn’t value herself?”
“Is that how you see me?” asked Connie. All the men turned to look at her. She was standing at the door, with a tray of drinks.
“Do you see me as someone worthless, who doesn’t value herself?” she continued.
“No woman should live with a man unless she’s married to him. When you did that, you reduced yourself to a whore,” said Themba.
“Then why do you want a whore back in your home?”
“I didn’t say you’re a whore.”
“You just said…”
“You misheard.”
“I didn’t know that you saw me that way. I thought we were two people in love, who met when it was too late to marry each other.”
“We are two people who met…”
“You should have told me when I moved in that you thought I was a whore. All this time, I thought you loved me, and all the time, you were thinking I was a stupid whore, because I didn’t even charge you for sex.”
“Connie…”
“Thank you for finally being honest with me. For your information, I don’t consider myself a whore, and I found someone who thinks, as I do, that I am worth marrying. He’s willing to introduce me to his family, and talk to my family about amalobolo.”
“He’s toying with you, he’ll never do it. Come back to me, you know I treated you well.”
“No, thanks, my days of whoring are over. Do you have any business with Dalu?”
“No.”
“Then leave.”
“Connie…”
“Get out,” Connie said firmly. Themba looked at her in shock, then he stood and left.
Connie put the tray on the table, then she hurried out of the room, sniffing. Dalu and Moeketsi watched her, then they looked at each other.
“I’m not leading her on, I want to marry her. What relationship do you have with her?” asked Moeketsi.
“What’s it to you?”
“I need to know that you won’t be making moves on her, and breaking her heart, like your fellow kwerekwere who just left.”
“The only woman I’m interested in is Mpho. If you’re here to toy with Connie, you’ll have me to deal with. How can you know that you want to marry her? This is only the second time that you’re seeing her.”
“How can you, of all people, ask me that? Did you know Mpho when you married her?”
“That was different. I was in love with her. Are you in love with Connie?” Moeketsi looked away from Dalu, then he looked back at him.
“I want to marry her,” he insisted.
“Why?”
“I think we can help each other. Do you know her parents?”
“Yes.”
“If she agrees, will you help me to approach them about paying amalobolo?”
“I’ll only do that if I’m sure that you won’t beat her. She wasn’t raised in a violent environment. Even if she had been, I wouldn’t condone her being in a violent marriage.”
“I won’t beat her.”
“Every woman I’ve met in this country is in a relationship with a man who abuses her.”
“I won’t abuse Connie.”
“I don’t think you can help yourself.”
“Are you saying you kwerekwere are perfect?”
“I’m not kwerekwere. No one is perfect, but there’s less violence where I come from, than there is here. Do you abuse women?”
“Abuse is relative.”
“Do you hit women, or make comments to them that make them feel bad and dependent on you?”
“Do you?”
“Never. I never have, and I know I never will, because I’ve never ever thought to hit your sister, no matter how difficult she was being.”
“You dare say that about my sister?”
“Am I lying, that she can be difficult?” Moeketsi did not reply.
“Do you hit women?” asked Dalu. Moeketsi glared at him.
“I won’t aid and abet you in abusing Connie physically, verbally, or in any other way. If you abuse her, I’ll have to come and kill you, then I’ll have to kill myself, because I refuse to go to jail. That would make Mpho and Connie widows, all because you refused to be a man, and abused a woman,” said Dalu.
“I didn’t say I hit women.”
“You didn’t say you don’t.” 
Mpho and Connie entered the room with plates of food. Connie gave Moeketsi a plate of food, then she sat down with her own plate. Mpho gave Dalu a plate of food, then she sat down beside Moeketsi.
“Are you two fighting? I don’t want my family fighting,” she said, as she rubbed Moeketsi’s back.
“Connie, what do you think of men who beat women?” asked Dalu.
“If a man ever hit me, I’d castrate him while he slept, then I’d cut off his hands, so that he’d never hurt anyone else,” replied Connie. Mpho gasped.
“You feel very strongly about it,” said Dalu.
“My sister Rita, almost died when her husband beat her. She reported him, and he was arrested. He begged and pleaded with her to drop the case, and she did. A week later, he beat her again, she reported him, he was arrested, and she didn’t drop the case. His family carried on as if she’d committed a crime. She divorced him. For a long time, she didn’t trust men, but now, she’s married to a man who values her, and treats her with respect.
“She told me, from personal experience, that there’s never any reason, or excuse, to put up with abuse. My parents don’t beat me, why should I put up with it from someone I owe nothing? Even if I did owe him something, he still doesn’t have the right to beat me. Have you joined the local men in beating women?”
“You know I haven’t.”
“If he does it, Mpho, report him, and divorce him.”
“Not all South African men beat women,” said Moeketsi.
“I’ll believe that, if and when I see it. The reason I took up with Themba, married as he is, is because he doesn’t hit women. I dated several single men, but they were all into beating women. To them, it was like breathing to beat a woman into doing what they wanted. They would talk about how so and so had to bring his woman to order, if he didn’t want problems in the future. Fortunately, none of them laid their hands on me.
“Even now, much as I know there’s no future with Themba, I’ll probably go back to him if he continues to pursue me, because I know I’ll be safe with him,” said Connie.
“He doesn’t deserve you,” said Moeketsi.
“He wants me, and he won’t hit me, those two things are very attractive to me.”
“I want you.”
“But you’ll hit me.”
“I won’t.”
“You can’t help it.”
“All men can help it if they apply themselves.”
“I’ll take my chances with Themba, rather than wonder when you’ll start getting violent.”
“I’ll never be violent with you.”
“Few men will tell a woman that they intend to beat her, but in practise…” said Mpho.
“Don’t you want me to get married?” Moeketsi demanded of Mpho.
“Of course I do, but I won’t sit idly by, while Connie gets herself into trouble.”
“I won’t hit her.”
“When did you stop hitting women?”
“About ten years ago. Ntate told me to stop it unless I wanted him to disown me. He asked me where I’d learned to do it, when I’d never seen him do it to Mme.”
“Go for counselling.” Moeketsi laughed.
“How’s Connie supposed to just take your word for it?” asked Mpho.
“You believed Dalu when he said he wouldn’t hit you.” Mpho looked from him to Dalu, and back.
“I hit him once, he didn’t hit back,” she said. Moeketsi looked from her to Dalu.
“You’d have hit back, hard,” she said. Moeketsi’s mouth opened and closed wordlessly. He looked from Mpho to Connie, then he left. Dalu and Mpho looked at Connie.
“I’m going out,” she said, getting to her feet.
“Don’t go back to Themba, and don’t go off with anyone you can’t have a future with,” said Dalu. Connie left the room. Dalu opened his mouth to say something, and Mpho kissed him. The kiss heated quickly. Dalu fondled Mpho’s breasts through her clothes.
“Sorry,” a voice gasped. Dalu lowered his hands from Mpho’s breasts, to her waist. He and Mpho broke the kiss, and looked at Connie.
“Can I borrow the car?” she asked.
“Yes,” panted Dalu.
“The keys…”
“On the hook by the kitchen door. Don’t pick up any men, and don’t let them pick you up.” Connie left.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Dalu kissed Mpho.
“We should go to the bedroom,” she panted. They stood, and he picked her up. She gasped. He kissed her, then he walked rapidly to the bedroom. He put her on her feet beside the bed, and kissed her.
She broke the kiss, and started undoing his shirt buttons. He unzipped her dress, and pushed it off her shoulders, down her arms, and to the floor. He stood back, and admired her.
“You are so gorgeous,” he said. She took his shirt off him, unbuckled his belt, then she undid the zip on his trousers. She pushed the trousers down, and they pooled at his feet. He took off her bra, and put his hands on the edge of her panties. She put her hands on his shoulders as she stepped out of her dress. She knelt before him, and took off his shoes, then she removed his trousers from round his ankles.
She put her hand on his underwear. Dalu’s heart was pounding with excitement as she lowered his drawers, then she ran her hands up his legs, up his thighs, and to his hips. She put her hands on his masculinity, and he panted lightly. She started caressing him. He closed his eyes and groaned as his body filled with pleasure. He opened his eyes and looked down. Mpho put her mouth on his manhood, and he almost screamed with pleasure. His heart felt as if it was going to burst out of his chest.
He closed his eyes as the pleasure escalated. He shook and shuddered as the pleasure peaked. His head was thrown back. His breathing returned to normal. He lowered his head and looked at Mpho. She was on her feet, kissing his chest, and raising her mouth to his throat, his chin, then she kissed him. Her kiss tasted different with the taste of his essence on her mouth.
Dalu kissed her deeply, then he lowered her panties. He picked her up, and laid her back on the bed. He kissed her breasts, then he sucked on one, as he caressed the other. He could feel Mpho’s heart pounding in her chest, and that made his heart beat even faster. He could feel his manhood rising again.
He sucked on Mpho’s other breast, as he ran a hand down her belly, to her delta. He caressed between her legs. He kissed her belly, and down to her delta. He kissed her womanhood, and she started to shudder. He licked her, and in a short while, she was shuddering in the throes of pleasure. He held her tight, wanting to share in her pleasure.
She kissed him when she had caught her breath. She broke the kiss, and looked into his eyes as she ran her hand down his chest to his manhood. She caressed his manhood, and he shuddered. When he opened his eyes, he was on his back. Mpho’s head was on his chest, she had an arm across his belly.
“I’m sorry,” he said. She raised her head and looked at him enquiringly.
“For what?” she asked.
“I wanted us to be together.”
“We will be. Don’t worry, Dalu,” she said, and she put her head on his chest again. He ran a hand down her back, then he pushed her onto her back. He kissed her, then he kissed his way to her breasts, to her belly, and to her womanhood. He fought hard to remember what she had told him the first time that he had touched her.
He caressed her gently, then he caressed between her inner petals. He found her pleasure nub, and he caressed around it, as she had told him. She shivered and shuddered, gasping out loud. She raised her head to look at him when she was breathing normally. He kissed her. When the kiss ended, he made to get up.
“Do you mind holding me a while?” she asked.
“Of course I don’t mind,” he said, laying beside her, and holding her.
“I like that after…” He kissed her forehead, and settled down.
After a while, she kissed his chest, then she went to the bathroom. He went to shower in the other bathroom. When he returned to the bedroom, Mpho was asleep. He dressed, then he went to make tea.
He looked up as the kitchen door opened.
“Hi Connie,” he said.
“Hi,” she said, closing the door.
“Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.”
“Would you like some tea?”
“Yes, please.” They sat at the table to drink it.
“I went to a club. If you’d seen me, you’d have been proud of me. I screamed at all the men who approached me, and they left me in peace. Your brother in-law was there,” she said.
“Which one?”
“Kgotso. He wants me to be his plaything.”
“What did you say?”
“I told him to drop dead.”
“I’m glad.”
“It was hard.”
“Why?”
“Because I want to be wanted.”
“You said you were through with married men.”
“My mind is, but my lonely heart doesn’t care about a man’s marital status.”
Next day, Dalu finished an article and sent it out. Later in the day, he phoned Mama.
“You’ve forgotten all about me,” she said.
“How can I forget intombi yami? How are they treating you?”
“They make me eat things I’ve never eaten, and they make me exercise. Whoever heard of a woman my age excercising?”
“It’s good for you.”
“If your father hadn’t paid for this, I’d have phoned you to pick me up the first day I was here.”
“Is it that bad?”
“I guess not, it’s just that I want to go home.”
“It’s not long to go now.”
“Hmm. How’s your wife?”
“She’s fine.”
After the call, Dalu electronically transferred money from his bank account, to Mpho’s, then he started cooking. He went for a jog afterwards, and returned home exhausted. He showered, then he went to sleep.
“Dalu, Dalu,” said Mpho. Dalu opened his eyes, and smiled at her.
“Are you alright? Do you hurt anywhere?” she asked. She had a worried expression on her face. He caressed her cheek.
“I’m fine,” he said.
“Then why are you sleeping so early?”
“I did some exercises, that’s all. There’s nothing to worry about.”
“You strained something. You’re still recovering, you can’t go about…” He put a hand on her neck and drew her to his level, then he kissed her. When the kiss ended, she put her head on his shoulder as they caught their breaths.
“Hi,” he panted.
“Hi.”
“How was your day?”
“Alright.”
“But…”
“But nothing,” she said, as she sat up.
“What but are you not telling me about?” asked Dalu as he sat up. Mpho stood and took off her jacket.
“What did you get up to?” she asked.
“I phoned Mama. She’s fine.”
“I brought dinner. I’ll join you after my shower,” Mpho said, as she went to the bathroom. Dalu showered in the other bathroom.
When he was dressed, he went to stand outside the bathroom that Mpho was using. There were no sounds coming from the room. He tried the door. It opened, and Mpho looked at him.
“I didn’t mean to startle you,” he said.
“Is everything alright?” she asked.
“You won’t tell me what’s wrong.”
“Nothing’s wrong,” she said, looking away from him.
“That water must be cold, I’ll help you out,” said Dalu, as he offered her a towel. She looked from it to him, then she stood. He helped her out of the tub, dried her, then he carried her to the bedroom. He insisted on dressing her. He was on his knees infront of her, putting shoes on her feet, when he felt her hand on his head. He looked up at her.
“Thank you. I really need TLC tonight,” she said. He stood, kissed her gently, then he led her to the kitchen. He started dishing up the food. Connie joined them, and they all sat down to eat.
“Moeketsi’s persistent,” said Connie.
“I’ll tell him to back off,” said Mpho.
“I don’t want him to back off.”
“Oh.”
“You have a good man. You don’t know what it's like to be so lonely, you think the loneliness will kill you. I don’t go to weddings anymore, because I’m so jealous of the brides. They all have someone who loves them, and I don’t.
“Moeketsi’s not offering me love, but he is offering marriage. I’m seriously thinking of marrying him.”
“You don’t know him,” said Dalu.
“Did you know Mpho when you married her?”
“I was in love with her.”
“I’m in love with Themba, what did that get me? If Moeketsi asks you to talk to my parents, say yes.”
“You were worried about violence.”
“I’ll handle it. Women the world over do it, so can I.”
“This isn’t what I had in mind for you.”
“Same here, but I want a husband and children, and he’s offering them to me.”
“Have a prenuptial contract, with stiff penalties if he hits you. And go for HIV/Aids testing before you marry him.”
“I will. I’m not risking my life for anything. If I have children, I’ll want to be alive to raise them myself. Tell me about your family, Mpho. I want to make a good impression on your parents.”
“Ask Moeketsi,” said Dalu.
“He’s in Botswana, he’ll be back next week.”
“How serious are you about marrying him?”
“Serious enough to do whatever will make the marriage last.”
“You don’t know him.”
“He wants me, that’s enough for me.”
“You might not be compatible.”
“He wants to be married, we’ll find ways to be compatible.”
“Your parents will worry about you marrying a foreigner.”
“Your’s got over it.”
“It’s different for a man.”
 “I guess it is. The only thing I want from Moeketsi is marriage, and to know that he won’t hurt me. We can work on everything else.”
“I don’t know him well enough to sell him to your parents,” said Dalu. Connie seemed to go into a reverie.
“At this stage, their permission is secondary. I’ve had four offers of marriage, and my parents turned all the men down. They’ll never give their permission. I have to take it, and they’ll charge amalobolo to save face, or to punish me. You must talk them down if they ask for impossible amounts,” she said.
“What happens if you two don’t work out?” asked Mpho.
“I’ll have memories of having been wanted enough to have been married,” said Connie.
“That’s so sad.”
“That’s life. What happens if you and Dalu don’t work out?”
“That’s not an option. We’ll get help, and find ways to compromise. We’ll read books, and do whatever we need to do, so that we stay happily married,” said Dalu.
He lay awake a while, then he left the bedroom. He did some work, then he phoned Gola’s uncle.
“Gola’s fine. His wife will be fine too,” said uncle. Dalu was relieved. He returned to the bedroom, and lay wondering what was on Mpho’s mind.
Next afternoon, he made dinner after sis Ruth had left. Mpho and Connie arrived, and they all dined. Mpho then returned to work. Dalu frowned after her as she left. He desperately wanted her to share whatever was bothering her.
“You really love her,” said Connie.
“I’m mad about her.”
“She’s lucky. I wish I was married to a man who was mad about me. What’s the frown for?”
“She won’t tell me what’s bothering her.”
“Give her time, she’ll tell you. She loves you as much as you love her.”
“What’s the matter?” Dalu asked Mpho at breakfast the next morning.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” she said.
“Is it Afred?”
“No! I don’t want to talk about this.” 
“Do you like it when I hold things back from you?”  Mpho looked away from him. He took her hand in his.
“Tell me,” he said.
“I’ll tell you tonight.” As Mpho and Connie left for work, Mpho looked at Dalu.
“I don’t want you worrying,” she said.
“Tell me what’s going on.” Mpho caressed his cheek, then she kissed him, and left.
Dalu cursed. He could not focus on anything. He was wondering if Mpho was ill, if she had been fired, if there was a secret from her past that would separate them, or if she had a man on the side. That thought was just too horrible to dwell on. Dalu forced himself to do some work.
When Mpho and Connie arrived in the evening, Mpho kissed Dalu, and told him that they were dining out.
“We need to talk,” he said.
“We’ll talk later. Right now, we need to go. Mme invited us for dinner,” said Mpho. At Mpho’s parents’ home, everyone watched Connie.
“You’ve brought us another kwerekwere,” Mme said in seSotho.
“They’re not kwerekwere,” said Mpho.
“Is she your friend?”
“She grew up with Dalu.”
“And you let them consort together? Are you trying to destroy your marriage?”
“My marriage is fine.”
“You must learn to protect your interests. What woman wouldn’t want your good-looking husband? Especially a woman who grew up with him, and finds herself far from home, with him nearby.”
“Don’t worry, Mme.”
Tebogo cleared away the dishes after dinner. Connie helped her. Mme frowned after her as she left the room, then she glared at Dalu.
“Are you cheating on my Mpho?” she demanded in Zulu.
“Mme!” gasped Mpho.
“No!” said Dalu.
“Then why did you bring that woman into your home?”
“I brought her in, Mme. Nothing’s happening between her and Dalu, she has her own man, she’ll be getting married soon,” said Mpho. Mme looked from Dalu to her.
“What else do you want to tell me?” she asked.
“Nothing.”
“You look like you have something on your mind.”
“I’m worried about Dalu.”
“Me?” asked a startled Dalu.
“You don’t sleep, I’m worried you’ll relapse.”
“I won’t.”
“Don’t you dare make me a widow!”
“I won’t!”
“We need to go,” said Mpho.
At home, Connie went to sleep immediately.
“Tell me what’s going on,” said Dalu.
“I was worried about not having enough money to start my business, and today, I realised that you’d put money into my bank account. How did you know I needed money?” asked Mpho.
“I didn’t. I’m giving you back what I owe you for bringing my parents here, and for paying for my hospitalisation.”
“Thank you. That money’s come just when I need it.”
Next afternoon, Mpho took Dalu and Connie to see her new business premises. To celebrate, Dalu insisted that they have lunch at a restaurant. As they climbed out of the car at home, a car stopped beside theirs, and two men climbed out.
“Hi everyone,” said Moeketsi, with his eyes on Connie.
“Hi,” Connie said shyly. Dalu had never seen her so shy. He led the way into the house. He glanced back, and saw Moeketsi hugging Connie. She stilled in surprise, then she hugged him back. In the house, Moeketsi introduced his companion as his friend, and business partner, Frans.
“Have you cooked, Mpho?” he asked.
“No,” she replied.
“I’ll take you all out.”
“Thanks, but Dalu and I have to work.”
“I have to go home,” said Frans.
“It’ll just be the two of us,” Moeketsi said to Connie. She looked away from him.
“We’ll be off,” said Moeketsi.
“Connie said you were coming next week,” said Mpho.
“He drove everyone very hard, so he could come back to you,” said Frans to Connie.
“Don’t keep her out late,” Dalu said to Moeketsi.
“Dalu! I’m not your child,” said Connie. She, Frans and Moeketsi left.
“What work do we have to do?” Dalu asked Mpho.
“We have the job of celebrating my new business.”
“Is that right?”
“I’m thinking we start off in the bedroom…” she said kissing him,
“…then we work our way…” she kissed him,
“…to the kitchen…” she kissed him,
“…after working up an appetite.” Dalu held her head still and kissed her deeply.
“You mean, after working off one appetite,” he panted. He picked her up, she wrapped her legs round his hips as he made his way to the bedroom.
A while later, he lay panting beside her, looking at her.
“You look very smug,” she panted.
“I pleased you, I have every reason to be smug.” She kissed him. He put his arms round her, and held her a long while. When she went to shower, he went to shower in the other bathroom. After dressing, he went to make dinner. He and Mpho had eaten and done the dishes, when Connie and Moeketsi returned.
“Hi,” said Connie.
“Hi,” said Dalu and Mpho.
“We’re back.”
“How was dinner?” asked Mpho.
“Great,” said Moeketsi, with his eyes on Connie’s mouth. He moved towards her, and kissed her as if he would never stop.
“Maybe you two need a room,” said Dalu. Connie broke the kiss.
“No,” she panted.
“Yes,” Moeketsi panted at the same time. Connie left his arms, and took several steps back from him.
“We’re not sharing a room unless we’re married, and we’ll only get married when we’ve signed a prenup, and we’ve tested for HIV and other STIs,” she said.
“You know I’ll marry you,” he said.
“I’ll believe that, when it happens.”
“Are you saying you don’t trust me?”
“I’m saying let’s stop talking, and start doing.”
“I’ll ask Dalu to organise for me to meet your family as soon as possible. What’s that thing you talked about signing?”
“A prenuptial contract. It’s an agreement about who owns what, whether or not we have children, how to raise them if we have them, and what penalties you suffer if you hit me.”
“I’d never do that.”
“Then sign the prenup. I’ll get my lawyer to contact your lawyer.”
“What do we need lawyers for?”
“It’s a legal, and binding contract, we need lawyers.”
“We’re only getting married!” said Moeketsi in consternation.
“I’m not marrying anyone without a prenup. It protects both of us. With it in place, you’ll know that there’s no room for me to kill you off for your property.”
“I know you won’t do that.”
“But I don’t know that you won’t hit me, and you don’t know that I won’t hit you.”
“Will you?”
“It’s unlikely, I’ve never hit a man before, but maybe I’ll get really mad, and strike at you. We need things in place to protect you.” He gave her a long look, then he sat down.
“Hi,” said Mpho, as she sat down too. Dalu and Connie also sat down. Moeketsi looked at Mpho.
“Do you have a prenup?” he asked.
“Yes.” Moeketsi looked at Dalu.
“You agreed to the contract?” he asked.
“I suggested it,” said Dalu. Moeketsi looked at Connie.
“What do you need that contract for? I’m going to marry you, what more do you want?” he asked.
“I need to feel safe, so do you. The contract provides safety, for both of us.” Moeketsi looked at her, then he looked away, digesting her words.
“Look it over when your lawyer brings it to you, then decide one way, or the other. I really hope you don’t back out. Are you okay to go for HIV/Aids and STI testing?” she asked.
“Of course. There’s no point in making each other sick.”
“Do you want children?”
“Four.”
“Can you have children?”
“Of course.”
“Do you have any?”
“No.”
“Let’s go for full medical examinations, I don’t know if I can have children.”
“Of course you can.”
“It’s not always a given,” said Mpho.
“When’s this wedding?” asked Dalu. Moeketsi looked at Connie.
“Six months?” she said.
“Six weeks is more like it,” he said.
“Moeketsi! We can’t marry that soon. We don’t know each other, and I doubt you’ll have met my family by then. Mind you, it’s best for you to meet them after we’re legally married. Will your parents be alright with our marriage?”
“No. We’ll tell them after the legal ceremony.”
“We won’t get married without a prenup.”
“If we agree on that, how soon can we be married?”
“We waited three weeks after registering,” said Dalu.
“Are you ready to go and register to marry tomorrow?” asked Moeketsi. Connie looked doubtful.
“There’s no way we’ll have signed the prenup, and done the medical tests by then,” she said.
“I’ll do my best to be agreeable regarding the prenup, but I won’t compromise my values.”
“Is hitting me one of your values?”
“No!”
“I’m glad, I really don’t want to hurt you, but I will if you…”
“I won’t.”
Next morning, Connie went to church.
“I didn’t know that you still go to church,” said Dalu, when she had returned.
“I never stopped,” she said.
“Did Themba go with you?”
“No, but he tolerated it. Does Moeketsi go to church, Mpho?”
“Not to my knowledge.”
“Do you think he’ll go with me?”
“I really can’t say.” After dinner, they all watched a movie. They discussed it afterwards, then Connie looked from Mpho to Dalu and back.
“Thank you so much for letting me stay with you. I’ll be moving out soon,” she said.
“You’ve found a new place?” asked Mpho.
“No, but…”
“You’re not leaving unless we’re sure you’re going some place safe, and we’re sure that you’re not going back to Themba.”
“I’m through with him.”
“You might go back to him if my brother doesn’t like the prenup.” Connie closed her eyes, sighing, then she opened them.
“I won’t go back to Themba, but I don’t know what I’ll do if your brother backs out of marrying me. I’m so scared,” she said.
“Of what?”
“Being disappointed. I have such high expectations of marriage. I don’t know how you were raised, Mpho, but I was raised to believe that marriage would make my life perfect. Having seen the marriages of people I grew up with, I know I’m in for a big disappointment.”
“Don’t have expectations. Take each moment as it comes. That’s what I did when Mpho and I married, and I haven’t been disappointed,” said Dalu.
“I’ll try that,” said Connie.
“You’re still not moving out.”
“I’m cramping your style.”
“Have we complained?”
“No, but…”
“You’re staying until further notice,” Dalu said firmly.
Three evenings later, Connie returned home late.
“Are you alright?” asked Dalu.
“Yes, I phoned Mpho to say I’d be home late.”
“She told me, but that doesn’t stop me worrying. You’re like a sister to me, I can’t help but worry.”
“There’s nothing to worry about. Moeketsi and I were celebrating.”
“What were you celebrating?” 
“We signed the prenup.”
“That’s great!”
“Yes, it is, but the best part, is that he made additions. He agreed with everything I put in there, then he added a clause about fidelity, and child raising. That showed me he means business. He can never say it’s my piece of nonsense, and free himself from adhering to it. He’s as committed as I am. I’m so happy, I could dance all night.”
“Call him, and go dance with him.”
“He dropped me off, and went straight to the airport. He says once we’re married, he’ll travel less, so we can work on our marriage, and on raising our children.”
“I’m happy for you.”
“Thank you.”


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Mama’s course of treatment ended, and Dalu fetched her home.
“When am I catching a plane back home?” she asked.
“Tomorrow evening.”
“I want to go home.”
“You’re hurting my feelings.”
“Nonsense. You and your wife must want to be alone. When your father and I first married, we lived at his parents’ home. I can’t tell you how often I prayed for us to have our own home. We moved into our own home when you were six months old. I was so glad to be the lady in my own home, instead of being treated as a child by my Mamazala. She wasn’t a bad Mamazala, but it’s nice to be your own boss in your own home.”
Next day, Dalu drove Mpho and Connie to work, then he drove Mama to say goodbye to Mpho’s parents. He and Mama had first gone shopping for gifts for Mpho’s parents, after Dalu had explained that it was customary for the parents of the groom to exchange gifts with the parents of the bride.
Dalu was glad that his in-laws liked the gifts that Mama took them, and she liked the gifts that they gave her for her and Baba. He and Mama left his in-laws’ home in the late afternoon. They fetched Connie, then they fetched Mpho from work.
They had just arrived home, when the door bell rang. Dalu opened the door to Moeketsi.
“Where’s my bride?” he asked.
“Don’t you greet?” asked Dalu.
“Hi Tshabalala, where’s my bride? Oh,” Moeketsi said when he saw Mama. They had met at his Nkgono’s funeral. He went to sit down.
“Hello Mama,” he said.
“How are you, Motaung?” she greeted.
“I’m well, thank you.”
“Why are you asking my son about your bride?”
“She lives with him.”
“Who’s he talking about, Dalu?”
“I’m talking about Connie,” said Moeketsi.
“Connie?”
“Constance, Mama,” said Dalu.
“Constance? The Constance we fetched from work?”
“That one.”
“Oh, I didn’t know. You didn’t tell me, Dalu.”
“Sorry, Mama.”
“Have you been to pay amalobolo, Motaung?”
“Not yet.”
“Don’t toy with that child. I know her parents, and if you mess with her, I’ll tell them to go and talk to your parents.”
“I’m not messing with her.” Connie came into the room, and Moeketsi stood, watching her.
“Oh, hi. I thought you were only coming next week,” she said.
“Aren’t you glad to see me?”
“Of course I am,” she said, going towards him, then she looked at Mama, and stopped.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi,” he said. They both sat down. There was a silence as they studied each other.
“Mama’s catching a flight home at midnight,” said Dalu.
“Oh, have a safe trip, Mama,” said Moeketsi.
“Thank you, mntanami,” said Mama. Moeketsi took out his wallet, and gave Mama some money.
“You’ll get yourself something to drink with this,” he said.
“Thank you, mntanami. UNkulunkulu will bless you.”
“Thank you. I’d like to take you to dinner before you go.”
“Thank you, Motaung, but I’m too excited to eat. Why don’t you take your bride out?”
“I want to see you off, Mama. I haven’t seen my family in three years, you’re the closest thing I have to a parent right now,” said Connie, then she looked at Moeketsi. He nodded.
“Do you need help packing?” Connie asked Mama.
“No, I didn’t bring a lot of clothes, and what I did bring, is already packed.”
“I’ll cook,” said Connie, and she stood. Moeketsi followed her out of the room. Mpho joined Mama and Dalu, who were watching TV. She was fresh out of a bath.
“You look great,” said Dalu. She smiled, and sat beside him. He kissed her cheek.
“Dalu!” she said, embarrassed because Mama was in the room with them.
“Don’t worry, I know how to fix this,” he said. He stood, and went to kiss Mama on the cheek. She smiled at him. He returned to sit beside Mpho, and kissed her cheek again.
“I’m going to take a shower,” he said, then he left the room. After his shower, he found Mpho alone in the lounge.
“Where’s Mama?” he asked as he sat beside her.
“She went to bath.”
“I can’t wait to take that dress off you.”
 “Dalu! Mamazala could hear you.”
“I want to put my hand on your thigh, and hear you gasp.” He looked into her eyes, his talk was exciting her as it was exciting him.
“I want to suck on your breast. I know you’ll put a hand on my head, and arch your back, and…”
“I don’t want to hear that,” said Moeketsi as he entered the room. He sat down.
“Where’s Mama?” he asked.
“I’m here,” said Mama as she entered the room.
“Dinner’s ready. Let’s go and eat in the kitchen.” Everyone stood and followed Moeketsi.
“It smells great in here,” said Mama. Connie smiled. Everyone sat down to eat.
“I know I said I wasn’t hungry, but you cook so well, child of Nxumalo. You cook as well as your mother. She’ll be glad to hear that you’re getting married,” said Mama. Dalu looked at Connie, she looked cornered.
“Have I said something wrong?” asked Mama.
“No, it’s just that…” said Connie.
“What’s the matter?”
“Nothing…as such…I haven’t told my parents about my upcoming marriage. I’m afraid they won’t let me marry. Four men asked to marry me, and they said no to all of them. I’ll tell them after I get married. I’m sorry to put you in an uncomfortable position, Mama, but please don’t tell them about this.”
“Hawu, how can I not tell them? It’ll be deceptive on my part not to say anything. I can’t not tell them, surely you can see that for yourself. They’re dying for news about you.”
Connie looked down, then she started sniffing.
“I am so lonely, Mama. I want to get married, but my parents won’t let me marry. I need love, surely you understand that,” she wept.
“Stop that, child. Don’t cry any more,” said Mama. Moeketsi put an arm round Connie’s shoulders. She pulled herself together.
“We’ll talk to them. Dalu’s father and I will get some church elders together, and we’ll talk to your parents. By the time we’re done with them, your young man had better be sure that he wants you, because your parents will hunt him down, and make him marry you,” said Mama. Connie looked at her as if it had never occurred to her that people could talk her parents into letting her marry.
“You can do that?” she asked.
“Of course we can. We did it before, with Angelina’s parents. You remember Angelina?”
“Yes.”
“Her parents were afraid that as their only child, if she married, she’d stop supporting them. We got some church elders together, and talked to them. Angelina got married, and her parents consider her husband their son, not their son-in-law. Leave this with us, we’ll fix it for you.”
“Thank you, Mama.”
“Finish your food.”
After dinner, Mama’s bags were packed into Moeketsi’s landcruiser, then everyone climbed into the car, and Moeketsi drove to the airport. They arrived in time for Mama to check in, hug them all, and go and board her plane.
Mpho, Moeketsi, Dalu and Connie returned home. Moeketsi and Connie made their goodbyes in the car, then Moeketsi drove off.
Next day, Moeketsi picked Connie up, and they went to church together. Dalu and Mpho were in the kitchen. He picked her up. She gasped. He walked to their bedroom, and made love with her.
They spent most of the day in bed. Towards sunset, they freshened up, then they went to look for food. They found Connie and Moeketsi in the kitchen, dishing up the food that they had cooked. Greetings were exchanged, then they all sat round the kitchen table.
The doorbell rang. Dalu opened the door. Gola came into the house uninvited.
“You have to help me,” he said.
“Help you?” said Dalu.
“Talk to those crazy women.”
“What crazy women?”
“Anna and Katlego.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Katlego got married, and she’s making my child take her husband’s surname. You can see for yourself that that’s wrong.”
“You said you weren’t taking responsibility for the child.”
“I’m not giving that bitch a cent, but she has no right to not give my child my surname.”
“When you refused responsibility, you gave her permission to do as she pleases with the child.”
“You have got to talk to her.”
“I won’t do that. How’s Anna?”
“She should have died.”
“Gola!”
“She’s divorcing me! Can you believe it? Who the hell does she think she is? How dare she divorce me! Not only is she divorcing me, but she’s also taking all my property. Where am I supposed to live, now that she’s taken the house? And what am I supposed to live on, when she's claiming every cent I earn for maintenance? Women are devils! You have to talk to her. Tell her that I’ll do anything she wants, as long as we stay married. You have to help me, Dalu. Help me,” he said, falling to his knees before Dalu.
“I can’t Gola. You know how I feel about infidelity. Talking to Anna or Katlego for you will be condoning your unfaithfulness, I’ll never do that,” said Dalu.
“Please!”
“No.” They shared a long look, then Gola stood.
“Chris said you’d refuse, but I had to try. Anna respects you and Chris, she’d listen to either of you. Now, I must ask Themba. She hates him for living with a girlfriend. I’m screwed,” he said, then he left.
Dalu closed the door after him. He stood wondering if he had not been too harsh on Gola. He shook his head, and confirmed to himself that he had done the right thing. Gola had been irresponsible, and he had to live with the consequences of his actions.
“I admire those women,” said Moeketsi.
“You do?” said Dalu.
“They’re not lying down and taking that man’s nonsense. More women should stand up for themselves. I’ll never be unfaithful to you, Connie. I don’t believe in destroying homes, and infidelity can only lead to broken homes.”


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Mpho’s notice period at work ended, and she took Dalu out for dinner on her last day of work. Over the next few weeks, she focused on her new business. Dalu was glad to help out where he could.
Moeketsi and Connie married in a small civil ceremony, with Dalu and Mpho as their witnesses.
They all lunched at Moeketsi’s home, then they all went to Dalu and Mpho’s home as Connie and Moeketsi were fetching Connie’s belongings. She and Mpho were a little tearful when it was time for her and Moeketsi to leave. They hugged, then Connie and her husband left.
“I think they’ll be fine,” said Dalu. Mpho nodded. Dalu helped her into the house.
“What’s the matter?” he asked. She gave him a long look.
“I want children,” she said.
“Oh!” said Dalu. He sat down in shock. She sat beside him.
“I’ve been thinking. I’ll sell the office, and work from home. We’ll get people to help with the house work, with the children, and of course, I’ll have staff for my business. What do you think?”
“I don’t know. How are we going to have children?”
“We’ll adopt. I want healthy children, there’s a two year waiting list, it can be longer sometimes. By the time the adoptions go through, we’ll have sorted ourselves out.”
“I don’t know.”
“Think about it, okay?”
“Okay.” Over the next few weeks, Dalu could think of nothing but Mpho’s suggestion.
Chris invited him to his home. Dalu rang the doorbell, and waited. The door opened and he took a step back in shock.
“Eva?” he said.
“Hi, Dalu.”
“What are you doing here?”
“I’m visiting. Come in.” Dalu entered the house, and looked at Eva. She closed the door, then she caught him staring at her. She smiled.
“Is that Dalu, Sthandwa?” asked Chris.
“Yes,” said Eva.
“Come to the dining room, Dalu,” called Chris. Dalu gave Eva a last look, then he went to the dining room.
“Where did Eva come from?” he asked. Chris laughed.
“Hi, Dalu. Sit down,” he said. Dalu sat down.
“How are you?” asked Chris.
“Tell me about Eva.”
“Remember when your mother came to stay with me?”
“Yes.”
“I said that Gloria’s family was coming.”
“Yes.” 
“They came to say we should get married or go our separate ways. She said she’d rather die, than marry a man who was obsessed with another woman. She packed her things, and left with her family.”
“Oh.”
“I was so relieved, you have no idea. I went home a few weeks later, to look Eva up. I found her in a flat, with her child, Phola.”
“Oh.”
“I told her how I feel, and she felt the same way. I asked about the father of her child, she doesn’t know him. She was raped.” Dalu gasped.
“I should never have left her. She wouldn’t have been touched by that animal if we’d been together,” said Chris.
“You’re together now.”
“Yes, we are. Phola’s so sweet, you’d never think she’d been fathered by an animal. I thought I’d hate her, but I can’t. When Eva and I marry, I’ll give Phola my surname.”
“Good luck.”
“Thank you.”
“What do your parents say?”
“They ask me what took me so long to bring them the malokazana of their dreams.”
“That’s great.”
“Her family’s not sure I won’t leave her again. I won’t, never again. Let’s talk about you. What’s so urgent?”
“Mpho wants children.”
“That’s natural, when you’re married.”
“She can’t have children.”
“Oh!”
“She wants us to adopt.”
“Oh!” Chris looked as shocked as Dalu had felt when Mpho had brought up the subject. Eva brought drinks into the room. A girl who was about five years old, followed her, carrying a glass full of cold drink. She was biting her lower lip, as she focused on not spilling a single drop of liquid.
She went towards Chris and handed it to him. He smiled at her, and thanked her as he took it. She smiled back, pleased with herself. Chris introduced her to Dalu as his daughter, Phola, and told Phola that Dalu was his brother, and her babomncane. Dalu greeted her, she returned his greeting, then she told Chris that she had to go and play, and she ran out of the room. Dalu and Chris smiled at each other.
Eva had put a glass before Dalu, then she had sat beside Chris.
“You looked shocked when I came in. Is everything alright?” she asked him. Chris looked from her to Dalu. Dalu nodded, and Chris told Eva what Dalu had told him. Eva looked from him to Dalu, then she sat back, thinking.
“I can’t imagine not being able to have children. It was brave of you not to divorce her, Dalu,” she said.
“Brave? I wasn’t being brave, I was making my life worth while. I don’t want to live without her, it’s that simple,” he said.
“Most men divorce a barren woman, because of pressure from their family to produce children.”
“That won’t happen to me.”
“Go for it. We heard about adoption when we were growing up, but it will likely be a foreign concept to your parents, and your in-laws. Talk to them about the advantages of adoption. My parents were worried about Phola and me, because we don’t know who her biological father is, and they don’t know what spiritual, mental and emotional problems she inherited from him. I worried about it a bit, then I decided that I’d always wanted a child, and having got one, I wasn’t going to quibble about how she came to me. I’d love to meet your wife.”
“Come to dinner tomorrow nite. Thank you both so much for listening to me,” said Dalu, then he left.
At home, he told Mpho about meeting Eva, about how crazy Chris was about her, and about how Eva had gotten Phola. Mpho listened avidly. She felt bad about Phola’s conception, then she said Phola should not be punished for her father’s misdemeanor.
Themba, Eva and Phola arrived for dinner the next evening. Mpho and Phola took to each other at once, and Dalu marvelled, as he saw how easy it was to Mpho to be a mother. Phola fell asleep, and the adults sat talking.
Mpho asked if Eva had received counselling after her violent ordeal. When Eva said no, Mpho suggested that Eva get help from POWA, People Opposed to Women Abuse. Eva and Themba thanked her, then it was time for them and Phola to leave.
Next day, Dalu phoned Baba, and talked about adoption. Baba was shocked. Dalu decided to give him time to think about it, and to talk to Mama about it. When Mpho returned from work, they had dinner, then Dalu said that they had to talk. Mpho sat down and looked at him.
“If you still want us to adopt children, let’s do it,” he said. She hugged him tight.
“I read up about it on the internet. It’s not as frightening as I feared it would be. We can do this. My parents might take a while to come round because adoption is not a word in their vocabulary. How will your parents handle it?” asked Dalu.
“I’ll have to prepare them. It’s not in their vocabulary either. To them, there's only one way of having children, you get pregnant, and bring them into the world. We should have time to prepare them, after all, the waiting list is long. This will work, Dalu.”
“Yes, it will,” said Dalu, as he put his arms round Mpho.
“We’ll go and see my parents soon,” he said.
“Okay.”
“Probably after the new year. You won’t be so busy then,” he said.
“Okay.”
“Ke a go rata,” he said. Mpho raised her head from his chest and looked at him.
“Ke a go rata,” he repeated. She kissed him.
“I love you, too,” she said, then she put her head back on his chest.

END
