This book was made available in a digital format. 
Phoenix Renaissance™
Editing Copyright 2020 by Chad Joseph Clawitter
Text Copyright 2020 by Chad Joseph Clawitter
Copyright © 2020 by Chad Joseph Clawitter
All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review. Requests to the author for permission should be addressed to the author through e-mail under the subject title “permission request: Temporal Ghost Diary”, chad-clawitter-2009@alumni.calpoly.edu.

Designed in the United States of America
Book Design by Chad Joseph Clawitter
Copyright Chad Joseph Clawitter
10   9   8   7   6   5   4   3   2   1










Temporal Ghost Diary
By Chad Joseph Clawitter	(Third Book In Series “Temporal War Relics”)
[Chapter 0: Prologue Poems Fossils Temporal]
Part I: Diary Fragments  
[Chapter 1: Background]
[Chapter 2: Strategy]
[Chapter 3: My Death]
[Chapter 4: My Burial]
[Chapter 5: My Slavery]
[Chapter 6: My Resurrection]
[Chapter 7: My Recovery]
[Chapter 8: My Warning]
[Chapter 8 Echo: The Game Plan]
Part II: Replicant Memories 
[Chapter 9: Swing Dance Date]
[Chapter 10: Salsa Dance Date]
[Chapter 11: Subliminal Phone Messages]
[Chapter 12: Naughty Nurse Date]
[Chapter 13: Ghost Rendezvous] 
[Chapter 14: Sexy Sponge Bath Date]
[Chapter 15: Game Show Ring Of Fire Round]
[Chapter 16: Temporal Fossil Poems]
[Chapter 17: Game Show Continued...]
[Chapter 18: Extra Inn Rings Red Hair Double Jeopardy Poems]
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
[Chapter 0: Prologue Poems Fossils Temporal]
Japanese dancing queen half east, 
English some yeast muffin half west, 
Naughty man test MISO soup feast, 
Nice docile beast trumpet HORN jest, 
Incarnadine lips true kiss KNEE, 
For Christ and free country bending, 
Ever ending after life tree, 
Ring ear loop see back angel wing. 

Life eternal is so Great,
Only wait and tell sin No,
Vice is though fruit knowledge Ate, 
Evil is bait pride laid Low, 
Let good show like gem Agate, 
Years will fate life Holy Grow,
Just Christ know Spirit Narrate, 
On path straight narrow Aglow,
Your wheat throw tare Separate. 
[Chapter 1: Background]
I don’t know where to begin. The timeline is now so convoluted with temporal fossils from vestigial timelines. The timeline is written and rewritten in layers. Each layer makes the previous layers obsolete, but there is still lingering evidence of their existence from temporal nodes that were measured and preserved. It is like an acopella singer who sings different parts of the music and splices them together so they are overlapping in time. However there is interference causing “temporal beats” from butterfly effect alterations. 
There is a temporal war where the Enemy is Satan who accuses people for their sins in the heavenly court at the end of the war. The Victor is Christ who has the power to pardon people of their sins and condemn the Enemy Satan for his false accusations against people, which backfired on him. 
The Victor and the Enemy are both altering the timeline in iterations like a chess game.The Enemy is trying to manipulate people to sin so that he can accuse them, which is entrapment. The Victor is trying to get people to defect to his side so that he can pardon them. The Victor is also trying to get people not to sin so that they get more eternal rewards and the Enemy’s accusations based on incomplete evidence will be false. The Enemy will then be punished for all his false accusations.
When a person defects to the side of the Creator by believing and trusting in the sacrificial gambit of the Victor, they are pardoned of all their sins and can enter the eternal kingdom with eternal life.
When a person is baptized, they receive the Spirit of the Creator, which will help them not to sin. The Spirit of the Creator can use temporal reception to help a person retroactively not sin while keeping the same temporal nodes in their life as temporal fossils for more eternal rewards. However, the Spirit of the Creator needs a person’s explicit verbal permission to retroactively change the past so that it doesn’t violate the person’s free will. Each time a person is saved by being pardoned by the Victor and receives the Spirit of the Creator at baptism, it retroactively changes the timeline so that they do not sin as much. It is like dominos where the timeline keeps getting altered by each person who is saved until the last person to be saved is the last domino to fall.
The Enemy seems to only be able to do temporal reception over a limited amount of time. The Creator can do temporal reception over thousands of years. The Creator has the Enemy “temporally flanked”. 
If two people are playing Rock Paper Scissors using temporal reception, the result is unknown because it doesn’t reach an attractor. However, if one of the players has the other player “temporally flanked”, the winner is already predetermined to be the one receiving information from further in the future and sending it further into the past. The player who is able to temporally flank the other player will automatically win even if it doesn’t reach an attractor. Therefore in the temporal Satan attractor is not reached so we do not know what the specific outcome will be until it is measured, but we know the Creator is the winner because of temporal flanking.
It appears the Creator tricked the Enemy into thinking he won during a 7 year period after the Rapture known as Jacob’s Trouble or the Great Tribulation. The Creator sent the Victor back in time thousands of years to win the war retroactively through a gambit. There is still the lingering temporal nodes of the 7 year Great Tribulation as a hiccup after the Rapture.
























[Chapter 2: Strategy]
The timeline is written and rewritten like an acopella singer splicing multiple clips together so that they overlap in time. There is interference from the splicing process called “temporal beats”, which causes butterfly effect alterations to the timeline, which can sometimes be unexpected by the Enemy. The Creator can use these temporal beat butterfly effects to trick the Enemy into making foolish choices that backfire.
I appear to be one of these temporal beat butterfly effects. My knowledge of physics on the original timeline allowed me to figure out what was going on and manipulate things to my advantage. Because I am not a time traveler and do not use temporal reception, I am immune from the Creator’s laws punishing people from improperly changing the timeline. However, because I know other people are altering the timeline, I can think “4th Dimensionally” and write suggestions and encrypt them so that they are in layers giving each iteration of time travelers their own set of suggestions. I communicate with the time travelers by providing suggestions and then posting them on social media. The time travelers communicate with me by planting “triggers” in links and triggers in the videos I watch from my internet search history.
I put my suggestions in books I write, social media posts, and emails I send to “myself”. I have given the time travelers the password to one of my email accounts as a backdoor for them to see information I am communicating with them.
I know for a fact the timeline has been changed multiple times. I do not know if the time travelers are aware of all the alterations because of the principle of “temporal isolation” or “temporal quarantine”. It may be that I am the only one aware of all the alterations to the timeline because quantum eraser required everyone else be shielded from the temporal fossils through “temporal quarantine” or “temporal isolation”. 
I will now attempt to document some of the temporal fossils that I noticed. One thing is that I died on the original timeline, so there is a temporal fossil of Facebook saying I was dead and later saying it was a mistake.
The time travelers I was communicating with had to alter the timeline to bring me back to life through a suggestion that was communicated to them as a “dead man’s switch”.
Therefore since 2018 I have been living as a “temporal ghost”. Facebook said I died in 2016 but it was 2018 in the original iteration (the date was erased quantum eraser style). They had to destroy my cell phone, switch my credit cards, and switch my electronic records with the person who bought my car. By switching my electronic records with another person, they were able to “temporally resurrect” me.
I think after I died my car was sold to a Vietnamese drug dealer. My wife is a time traveler who kept making me use my credit card at a Vietnamese restaurant.
My wife is a time traveler from one of the original iterations to resurrect me. However, she has been updated with new information from more recent iterations, so she has been method acting to preserve the temporal nodes from the original iteration to resurrect me.
My wife’s sister was married to me on the iteration where I died. My wife’s family seems to be privy to information of updated iterations that my wife had been purposely kept ignorant of because she is being used as a sacrificial pawn. I lost my teeth in the original iteration to resurrect me, so my wife had to loose her teeth in the new iteration instead to keep the dental bills consistent. My wife now has 21 teeth and wears dentures.
In the original timeline where I died in 2018, I drove to the Mission Inn Riverside because my friend from 5th Grade was getting married. My friend from 5th Grade had a dad who was an ambassador in Malaysia. I drove on the toll road so there were toll road records of me driving to Mission Inn Riverside from Irvine  July 8, 2012. In the iteration where I was resurrected, I got married at Mission Inn Riverside July 8, 2012 to my current wife who now has 21 teeth.
In the original timeline where I was resurrected, there was a child actor who did an Edge Pizza Commercial for Dominos Pizza. On the new updated timeline, he did an Edge Pizza Commercial for Pizza Hut Pizza. The child actor was also in my 5th grade class.
My Mother, my Mother’s sister, my Mother’s Mom, and my Father’s sister seem to be time travelers who were part of the iteration to resurrect me. They switched who sat behind me in Chemistry class to make it so that I would marry a different “Paula”.
In the original timeline where I died in 2018, Travelers Season 2 was released October 16, 2017, which was my wife’s birthday in that timeline. In that timeline the Sandy Hook School shooting also occurred on October 16. In the new timeline where I was resurrected, Travelers Season 3 was released December 14, 2018, which is my wife’s birthday in the current timeline. In the current timeline, the Sandy Hook School shooting was changed to December 14. People think the Sandy Hook School shooting was a false-flag because temporal terrorists changed the date it occurred in order to change the timeline.
The temporal terrorists used my wife who has 21 teeth as a sacrificial pawn to keep me alive and healthy until they marry me off to the woman they intend me to marry next. The timeline has changed so they will probably not marry me off to my wife’s sister who I was married to in the timeline where I died in 2018.
I am a victim of human trafficking where temporal terrorists treat me like a slave and try to manipulate my future. I am not getting remarried while my current wife is still alive.
Like the murderers they are, the temporal terrorists will probably kill my wife so that I will marry the woman they have been using triggers to classically condition me to marry.

[Chapter 3: My Death]
I was working at Jimboy’s Tacos in Aliso Viejo when my cell phone mysteriously died March 11, 2018 and a man claiming to be FBI came March 12, 2018. I can therefore assume I died on the original timeline around this time.
My wife forced me to take down my Facebook which made me “blink” allowing for the timeline to be altered to resurrect me quantum eraser style.
In the original timeline my wife (my current wife’s sister) took a screenshot and purposely kept the date missing. The Facebook screenshot showing me dead occurred in 2016 in this timeline followed by a retraction that it was a mistake. My wife in the timeline where I died had to do psychological operations to make it appear like I was still alive. Since 2018 I have been living as a temporal ghost trying to recreate the temporal nodes where I had died using an alternate person’s identity in electronic records.
In this timeline I have only become recently aware that this might be the case. I am like Bruce Willis in “The 6th Sense” who just recently learned that he is a ghost. I am a temporal ghost, which explains why no one has helped me yet because of “temporal isolation” or “temporal quarantine”. I am hoping that I will only have to be in “temporal isolation” or “temporal quarantine” until the message is sent back in time to temporally resurrect me, which I am hoping is soon.
Once the message is sent, I can come out of isolation without creating a causal paradox. I see three possible outcomes for the future. (1) the first outcome is that I am single until extracted from this world through rapture or death. It is very probable the rapture could occur in the next year and almost certainly in a decade unless the timeline is altered again. (2) The second outcome is that I am reconciled to my current wife and she apologizes for all the psychological operations she had to do to preserve the temporal nodes. (3) The third outcome is that my current wife dies and I remarry after her death.
Since my current wife is barren and the temporal terrorists seem to want me to have offspring that look of Latin American descent, it looks like I am either going to be reconciled to my wife with polygamy being legalized in doomsday shelters or my wife is going to be killed by the temporal terrorists. Before he died, my Father said if I had children with a Filipino woman, they might look like they are of Latin American descent. I think the temporal terrorists may have shown my Father a picture of my future children before he died.
If I have already chosen to have Children that look like they are of Latin American descent, then my future wife will probably either have ancestry in Latin American or the Philippines. The question is whether I chose this in the future or whether it was a self-fulfilling prophecy.
I thought the temporal terrorists were inserting beautiful women around me as a trap to get me to cheat on my wife, but they may be trying to classically condition me with triggers so that I will marry their choice for my future wife during the “window of opportunity” that may occur in the near future.
The people at the telemarketing Job I had after teaching said I was going to be rich and have a lot of descendants, so I think they received a message that will be sent back in time shortly in the future.
The pastor at Corpus Christi Church in Aliso Viejo is a temporal terrorist who encoded triggers into his homily/sermon. If you were to caption what he says in the video of his homily/sermon and search for trigger, annulment, and divorce, you could find some of these encrypted messages. There was a different pastor who now works at Santa Margarita High School in this timeline who was the pastor at Corpus Christi in the previous timeline. 
If I died on the original timeline working at Jimboy’s Tacos sometime after the solar eclipse, then I can assume all the beautiful women inserted after that time of Latin American or Filipino descent were to classically condition me to marry the woman they want me to marry. There seems to be several factions of temporal terrorists who want me to marry different women, so it has been like a Beauty Contest like Miss Universe and a reality show like the Bachelor, except I am not a bachelor so they needed to get my attention using platonic methods.
One faction of temporal terrorists seems to want me to marry my wife’s sister to restore the timeline back to my original wife in the timeline where I died. However since the timeline has changed and I am not dead yet as of writing this, other temporal terrorists want me to marry someone new.
















[Chapter 4: My Burial]
I know for a fact that the female AP Physics teacher who tried to sabotage my teaching career was a temporal terrorist. There are temporal fossils to confirm this. She wasn’t in the original timeline, so she doesn’t have a standard yearbook picture in the Aliso Niguel High School Yearbooks for the ones I have. She was a year younger than me, so she is in the picture for the cheerleading team. My guess is that the yearbook standard pictures were already measured as temporal nodes, so they couldn’t put her in when they changed the timeline. Instead they had her join the Cheerleading team and inserted her into the timeline that way. She is an ugly fake-Christian who used self-deprecating comments as a way to pretend to be humble. She always went on about how she was the lowest paid teacher (because she had least seniority). Later when was committing perjury against me in court to coverup her hate crimes, she called herself the “Veteran” physics teacher. She boasted in court how much she disliked Catholics and was better than them. I previously overheard her saying despicable things about Catholics because she was pro-abortion and Catholics were against abortion. She called herself liberal in court to virtue signal to the judge to use law-fare against me for being a conservative Catholic.
I know for a fact the Deputy Superintendent of Human Resources for Huntington Beach Union High School District was a temporal terrorist. She knows exactly how to boast of her crimes and get away with it by leveraging her reputation and position against mine. The way they do it is to be “too big to fail”. If they openly confidently boast of their hate crimes it looks like they have nothing to hide.
What probably happened is that on the original timeline where I died in 2018, I may have been a completely different person. The court documents cite my Christian Apologetics Books, which may have been a different type of book in the original timeline. Therefore it looks like they are citing my books out of context deliberately because the context was different in the original timeline. The court documents were temporal nodes and had to stay the same. However since I am innocent in this timeline, the temporal terrorists had to coverup their hate crimes by using a rigged kangaroo court C66 run by lawless Freemasons. 
When I called for the temporal terrorist to be prosecuted for their hate crimes, false-flag psychological operations, and treason, they went all in using their Freemasons connections to destroy my life.
In 2020 the Deputy Superintendent of Human Resources for Huntington Beach Union High School District bribed them new Freemason Democrat Activist Leftist Judge in C66 to have me kidnapped and then run fake kangaroo court hearing s with a fake public defender while I was not present.
My wife and family are temporal terrorists who choose to forsake me hoping to leverage me into taking down my Facebook so they can alter the timeline quantum eraser style. When I refused to remove my Facebook, they did a war of attrition to try to torture me into removing my Facebook and “blink” to revert back to the original timeline where I died.
My wife kicked me out of our apartment and my family wouldn’t let me stay with them, so I have been homeless for months. They are trying to kill me by torturing me until I remove my new Facebook page I created so they can retroactively revert to the timeline where I died. It seems to work like the “weeping angels” of the “Dr. Who” time travel show. They cannot change the timeline while there is still evidence from social media. They need you to remove the evidence from social media so it “blinks” and they can change it to something else retroactively via quantum eraser.
My wife had already forced me to use my credit card to buy lots of Vietnamese dinners and other things. My credit card was maxed out and I had very little money when my wife kicked me out of the apartment. The Spirit of the Creator revealed to me it would backfire on them, so I went along with it.
I drove to Tucson Arizona to the Gospel Rescue Mission based on triggers in the “Last Man on Earth” television series. In the television series there was a pandemic that killed everyone similar to the COVID-19 pandemic. There was a sign that said, “Alive in Tucson”.
The COVID-19 shut down everything. My wife took the wireless internet so that I couldn’t update social media. I used a Starbucks internet from my car to upload my pictures onto my email. When I got to Tucson Arizona, I used my cell phone to transfer my pictures from my email to social media to preserve the timeline.
Gospel Rescue Mission seemed to be run by Freemasons pretending to be Christians. There were several groups of temporal terrorists there. At the welcome front desk there was one group of former Air Force who we’re trying to pair me with a beautiful Latina woman with black hair with the same first name as a Filipina girl from my High School who I asked to dances at least 5 times. She put secret messages in my Yearbook and had the same soccer jersey numbers (4 & 13) as me. One message said something about the “God Squad”. I went to prom with a girl from my Catholic Church who was on the “God Squad”. I think there was a “temporal bait and switch” on the timeline where a different girl went to prom with me.
There is a picture of the Creole girl with me on the stairs and my current wife was with another boy. This might have been a temporal node from the timeline where I married my wife’s sister and died in 2018. In the original timeline, I probably only went to 2 Proms, but in the current timeline I went to 3 proms because my wife is a year older than me and was a junior when I was a sophomore. We went to the same restaurant “Rainforest Cafe” as a temporal echo.
One Filipina girl was the Winter Formal Queen for Aliso Niguel High School for the same year as me. She sang at my Saint Timothy’s Catholic Church. I saw her there the weeks before I left for Gospel Rescue Mission on Saturdays.
I wrote an email to myself the day I left (Saturday) titled “Saint Timothy Underground Parking Incognito Disguise” with a secret plan to throw off the temporal terrorists, “...Better to leave under cover of dark and it won’t be too hot. I feel like the last man on Earth, but I think I will be ‘Alive’”
Someone planted a framed Junior Year High School picture of me wearing a cross and fish Christian necklace in the garage before I left California in order to change the timeline. My wife also gave me back the white Bible I had given to her.

[Chapter 5: My Slavery]
At the Gospel Rescue Mission the front desk was trying to pair me with the beautiful Latina woman with black hair. The Dorms or “Bubble” were trying to pair me with a beautiful older Latina woman with bleached blond hair. Her name means “Butterfly” as in the “Butterfly Effect”. Her nickname was the same as the name of a lawyer who was the cousin of the person he was helping in a movie with Marisa Tomei and Joe Pesci. I posted links on social media about this movie. I think my Mom is a temporal terrorist and saw the links from the future and had my cousin come live with her not knowing it was referring to something else. There is an Austin Powers movie where he married a fembot with the same name that means “Butterfly”. The older beautiful Latina woman with the bleached blond hair was the same age as my wife who is a “Fire Tiger” on the Chinese Zodiac. I gave her my wife’s white Bible. The Dinning area was trying to get get me to return to California to be paired with a a girl I worked with at a Dog Camp as a Dog Handler/Camp Counselor who I thought had hazel eyes but now seemed brown; she was an “Earth Tiger” on the Chinese Zodiac. I had worked at a place that helps people get out of timeshares before my wife sent me signed papers that said she wanted a Divorce based on “Irreconcilable Differences”. My wife said she was going to divorce me and marry a rich millionaire. She said she would cheat on me first chance she could and the only reason she hadn’t done so already was because she didn’t have time. I was still training for the timeshare job when my wife sent me the signed papers about wanting a divorce. I told the timeshare job that I had a family emergency and was leaving the state. I only later realized that the “Earth Tiger” with hazel or brown eyes actually worked at the timeshare job; she also worked at another job to help people get out of timeshares and got a tiger tattoo on her arm as a temporal echo to stack the deck in her favor. The Dinning area was run by a former Navy woman who brought in a “grandmother” to further stack the deck in the favor of the “Earth Tiger” with hazel and brown eyes to convince me to return to California. I had went to a “5 Guys in Costa Mesa after I submitted my EEOC complaint out of curiosity because there was a manager who came from 5 Guys restaurant to Jimboy’s Tacos when I worked there. They gave me a receipt with order number 66 to confirm they are Freemasons. The temporal terrorists have the internet rigged so that they can funnel me into their Honeytrap jobs designed to torture me with maximum effort for little reward. The Gospel Rescue Mission was run by Freemasons pretending to be Christians. However in the new timeline some of them actually defected to become genuine Christians. They had me doing slave labor for points. The “community service” chores gave 5 points per hour. You needed 25 points to cover room and board. Anything over 25 points gave you extra points you could use in their overpriced “store”. They later got rid of the store because they were giving cigarettes to people for slave labor, which is borderline human trafficking drug dealing and doesn’t look good for a Christian organization. After they got rid of the store, they increased the room/board rent to 8 or 10 hours of chores depending on whether you worked. I worked 10 hours of chores as a temporal fossil from a timeline where I didn’t work. In the new timeline, they had me working at Caption Call under duress for less thank California minimum wage for only 20 hours a week. Caption Call put a Route 66 sign on the wall to denote they were Freemasons.They had me sign a non-disclosure agreement under duress so I couldn’t take a picture of the Route 66 sign. Essentially I was a human trafficking slave used for slave labor. The Gospel Rescue Mission was essentially a slave labor concentration camp on the original timeline with many temporal fossils making it not much better on the current timeline. On the original timeline they would let you live if you worked. If you didn’t work, they killed you, harvested your organs, and sold them on the black market. Since you were homeless, they knew no one miss you when you were gone. 
They brought in a celebrity chef and had 3 good meals to make their concentration camp seem like a legitimate Christian organization.
Some of the employees were still Freemasons who hadn’t yet defected to Christianity so they treated the residents like they were less than human. You know the Freemasons are not Christians by their lack of love. 
The Caption Call brought in the girl with the cucumber water from Jimboy’s Tacos. Jimboy’s  Tacos also had a Route 66 sign on the wall to indicate it was Freemason on the original timeline and remained as a temporal fossil. I think my wife may have even came covertly. My Father’s sister has a grandson with the name “Mason”. My Mother’s parents and my Father’s sister have timeshares, so I think they are Freemasons or at least we’re on a previous timeline. The Freemasons use timeshares as legal leverage to force people to do their evil bidding or else face financial ruin by increasing the “Maintenance Fees” without limit. I think the Caption Call people were trying to pair me with the sister of the Colombian girl with Cucumber water from Jimboy’s Tacos who worked at the shell gas station. 
Because I am a temporal ghost, I have to meet all the temporal nodes in the electronic records of the person who was supposed to get my credit cards and car after I died in 2018. My wife’s younger sister has a Vietnamese friend who works at a pharmacy. I think on the original timeline where I died in 2018, my car and credit car records were hers and she was a drug dealer in that timeline. My wife made me keep going to a Vietnamese restaurant and I went to a Vietnamese barber.
The Job center at the Gospel Rescue Mission was run by the daughter of someone in the AirForce. At first the center said it wasn’t connected to the government, but then they changed their story and said it was all private. It probably was originally government on one timeline and switched to private with lingering temporal fossils.
The person in charge of the Resident Advocates at the Gospel Rescue Mission was a temporal terrorist with a Matthew 10:16 tattoo who was trying to restore the timeline to where I marry my wife’s sister who was born on October 16. He kept trying to get me thrown out on trivial grounds and told me that I cannot tell people the truth of my situation. He was basically trying to either keep me hostage under duress or force me back to California. Gospel Rescue Mission and Caption Call did all kinds of psychological operation triggers to brainwash me. They may have been temporal fossils and it was worse on the original timeline.
The Gospel Rescue Mission used the COVID-19 as an excuse to do a lockdown to keep me under house arrest. When they lifted the lockdown temporarily, I went to First Southern Baptist Church and uploaded a complete timeline of pictures onto my Facebook account in a private group to preserve the timeline. The temporal terrorists in the Bubble we’re trying to pair me with the beautiful older Latina woman with bleached blond hair, so they had her sit next to me singing and wearing perfume laced with pheromones. They had me doing chores with her. The other temporal terrorists from the front welcome desk kept sending the beautiful Latina woman with the black hair to the laundry room where there are no camera when I was doing chores there.
























[Chapter 6: My Resurrection]
The temporal terrorists broke my windup lantern that I used to charge my cell phone. It could only be recharged from the car or outlet, which defeated the point of having a windup cellphone charger. They did this so that when I left the Gospel Rescue Mission, I wouldn’t be able to charge my cellphone when I ran out of gas.
I ran out of gas on the way to the Gospel Rescue Mission from California. At the gas station I was near empty and someone was nice and gave me $7 to make it the rest of the way. I went to the First Southern Baptist Church before I was taken into the Gospel Rescue Mission. There was a Starbucks near the Gospel Rescue Mission. When I was about to use their internet one day, a homeless girl with trouble walking asked for money to help her get to Phoenix Arizona. I drove her to the Gospel Rescue Mission. They wouldn’t help her, so I drove her to Phoenix Arizona and dropped her off where she wanted. I think she was an angel in disguise. On the timeline where I died in 2018, my car was probably owned by a drug dealer who went to Phoenix Arizona on a drug run. The angel was sent to make me drive to Phoenix Arizona to preserve the temporal nodes. She also set my radio to a station that played good music like “Blinding Lights” by the WEEKND.
I got back to the Gospel Rescue Mission just in time. We had to be back by 6:00pm. There were also curfews in place in Tucson Arizona. The government is run by lawless cowards who want to implement Martial Law while falsely claiming the Constitution is still the upheld law of the land.
The Temporal Terrorists at Gospel Rescue Mission didn’t like what I was about to upload on Facebook, so they claimed there was a COVID-19 case to lock it down again. This was shortly after the Deputy Superintendent of Human Resources from Huntington Beach Union High School District sent someone to deliver more of her lawfare political terrorism court documents that self-identity herself as a terrorist committing treason in bed with the Judge who had me kidnapped and continued a kangaroo court without me even present.
The person who handed me the new COVID-19 paper about the Lockdown of the Gospel Rescue Mission then had me thrown out and wouldn’t let me talk to my Advocate. They had the beautiful older Latina woman with bleached blond hair waiting for me at a Red Roof Inn in Tucson Arizona on a previous timeline. They used temporal reception to know that I was going to be staying at Red Roof Inn that night. They also recorded what I was wearing incase the timeline changed and I tried to leave the state. I went to the Starbucks near the Church but their entire system was down as a “road block” to prevent me from documenting it on my credit card. I paid in cash and they were supposed to give me a penny in change. Instead they gave me a nickel with a bugged tracking device inside. To throw them off, I drove near the California border and put the nickel in a gas station for someone else to find. I then later drove to the Red Roof Inn where they were not expecting me. There were multiple Red Roof Inns as temporal echoes and I went to one they did not expect. I paid in cash too.
When I did finally get to California, I stopped at the Habit in Mission Viejo. I did some tricky stuff to get past the border without them catching me. The trick is to use counter-intelligence to make the temporal terrorists’ knowledge of the future a liability instead of an asset.
My mother would have probably let me stay at her house before I went to the gospel rescue mission, but the timeline had changed and she had other objectives now. She was going to try to get me to live with her younger brother who used to be a drug addict alcoholic. My “Mom” was trying to switch my credit card and car with his quantum eraser style to make me retroactively live his life. She had previously had him live at her house so she could do a perfect quantum eraser switch of my life with his from that point of time until now. Why she would let him stay with her and not me reveals she has ulterior motives. I doubt she is even still my real mother. My real mom was probably killed and replaced with a cloned replicant when she had her miraculous weight loss she always boasts about and wrote a book about. The best place to hide is right out in public according to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II Secret of the Ooze dandelion scene. 
I was back in California and had very little money left, which was enough for 2 nights at an Inn. July 3rd was the day the temporal terrorist wanted me to do a video hearing so they could alter my words using Caption Call recordings to create a “real fake” of the video hearing. I was hoping July 4th the sealed indictments would be released and all the temporal terrorists would be shot in the head with fireworks as a smokescreen for the sound. I went about 2 nights sleeping in my car followed by a night in an Inn. I did this until I would be at an Inn July 2nd so I could call the number to reserve the video hearing and tell them “I do not negotiate with terrorists and they can go to hell or jail or wherever people go for treason.”
I had already filled a complaint against that judge and sent a copy to the United States Department of Justice. It was a conflict of interest for that judge to even be holding a video hearing. The Orange Country Courts have been infiltrated by lawless Freemasons in Department C66.
After I had reserved a spot at the Inn, I was at Ralph’s at the corner of La Paz and Marguerite. A temporal terrorist followed me there who had a cane. He claimed his car was stolen and needed a ride to the Carmax. He said he would give me money to drive him, but he was acting weird like an eccentric inventor. A Ralph’s employee told me they had called the police on him. I told him I would drive him to Carmax. I had nothing to lose and the Creator would protect me. He told me he hadn’t eaten in over a week. He was wearing a Trump shirt and claimed he bought rooms at the top of two towers hotels near Moulton Parkway. I dropped him off at the Carmax, gave him my phone number Incase he needed anymore help that day, and went to my Inn and took a shower. I received a call from him saying he was at Best But and needed a ride. I drove there and picked him up. I just wanted to take him home but he insisted we go to the two towers hotels he claimed to have bought the top floor. They wouldn’t let him in because he didn’t have a mask. I drove him to his house near a gated community on the corner of Via Vista and Santa Maria Avenue. He had the key and was able to get in his house.
He claimed he was working on something for Shark Tank television show. He had a prototype of his shelf he was working on. He said his credit cards weren’t working and he was having liquidity problems. He tried to give me a stack of his business cards, a black leather cross inside a ziplock bag with measurement labels on the outside. He pretended like he was going to house me in the top floor of the hotel he claimed to own. I took one business card and the cross in the bag to be polite.
I had gotten him safely to his house, which was all I cared about so I left. I threw away the cross and bag at a gas station incase they were bugged tracking devices or some sort of drug dealer trinkets used to try to set me up. The Gospel Rescue Mission also tried to give me flashlights with tracking devices inside, which I refused. They might have destroyed my lantern hand crank charger so I would take their flashlight with a tracking device inside.
I later got a call from someone claiming to be the son of the man with the cane. The son said the father was not mentally normal and to call him if the father tried to contact me again.
I think my credit card and car were owed by a drug dealer on the previous timeline and this was all psychological operations to preserve the temporal nodes.
When I was going down the elevator to leave the Inn, there was another man with a cane who was probably the real drug dealer in the original timeline.
I have since maxed out my credit card and debit card and called 911 to inform them that I am a victim of human trafficking. I am hoping I can upload this to social media, which will be the end of me being a temporal ghost. Hopefully this is the message used to temporal resurrect me, soI can now come out of temporal isolation and maybe finally get justice, new credit cards, and a new car. I only have a few days of food left and no gas to move my car far. However the temporal terrorists have been sending me reassuring subliminal messages in their psychological operations which indicate that I am victorious and almost out of the woods. 













[Chapter 7: My Recovery]
When I was in preschool the teacher would give me decaffeinated coffee. They also baked a gingerbread man and went on a hunt with clues leading to the gingerbread man. In elementary school there was a girl whose first name was the same as the girl with the Alice in Wonderland tattoo who got my wife’s family into horses. The girl from elementary school later got engaged to a hunter in Texas. 
There was another girl in elementary school who I think went through the drive through at Jimboy’s Tacos when I worked there, but it might have been someone else.
I told the Colombian sister working at the Shell gas station “Do you know the muffin man? Well... she’s married to the muffin man” as a quote from Shrek. Shrek is encrypted with information and triggers. The magic mirror gives a choice between three princesses, which are (1) Cinderella, (2) Snow White, and (3) Fiona. The person says “pick number 3” but he only puts 2 fingers up. This is foreshadowing a temporal bait and switch. In a later Shrek movie the donkey talks about timeshares when Shrek was trying to get out of a contract with Rumplestiltskin. The exit clause was found by doing origami. There are secret messages encoded on United States Bills that you can only see if you fold them the right way.
The exit clause for Shrek was True Love’s Kiss. The Colombian sister who worked at the Shell Gas Station brought in a stroller to show me that she is an aunt. This changed the timeline somehow or was a trigger for a later window of opportunity. It might be that the terrorists know that in the future I will marry someone who is already an aunt. I had a dream that LAUSD was going to keep me trapped in a pit for 5 years with a tiger, but I would then escape with lots of money and have a choice between three women to marry. The “Earth Tiger” likes bulldogs, is an aunt, and had a Snapchat that means “love candy” followed by her birth year. Snapchat has a “ghost” picture for its icon. My Dad coached AYSO soccer with the husband of a Mission Viejo Mayor. The name of the team was the Bulldogs.
I went with my wife to indoor skydiving October 14, which is the birthday of my wife’s sister’s boyfriend who has spin problems. I was number 34 because both my parents have 34 vertebrae. My wife’s sister’s boyfriend came covertly to visit me at Jimboy’s tacos and only bought a drink with cash. He made an Enigma encryption device and was working for a Mormon Software Company. There seems to be some prophecy where my wife’s sister will be married at Terranea. On a previous timeline my wife’s sister married someone from the Amazon.
My wife’s family has connections to Filipino congressmen and went to an Emerald Lantern event. We were all seated at table 13. I think it was a CIA event. I saw a Latin girl there who had been someone who interviewed me for a job. She was sick, coughed or sneezed in her hand, put hand sanitizer on, and shook my hand. My wife’s family set me up to have my car towed while I was at Driftwood restaurant with my wife and her brother. Later they went back to Driftwood for my wife’s sisters birthday. The waitress looked like someone who had interviewed me for another job. My wife’s dentist who pulled out her teeth has a fictitious name permit. I think it might have been a dentist for the CIA. The “Earth Tiger” has a post on social media about missing teeth hiding under COVID-19 masks.
There seems to be hidden information and triggers imbedded into “Dumb and Dumber” and its sequel. There is also hidden information and triggers imbedded into “Wreck it Ralph” and its sequel.
Ralph is saved by Disney Princesses and is clothed as “Snow White”, which is number 2 from the Shrek magic mirror list. An African American or Creole princess has a frog kiss Ralph. A frog symbolizes a nobody who will rise to become royalty like in Jupiter Ascending. There seems to be hidden information and triggers imbedded into the movie “Mr. Nobody”. I think in a previous timeline I went to prom with a Filipino soccer player who was replaced by a Creole girl on this timeline. The Filipino soccer player lives in the city where I went to the Air Force and they cleaned out my earwax. In a previous timeline the Filipino Girl with the Betty Boop tattoo working at Legal Insights who looks like the Andromeda robot actress and actress in Continuum and actress playing a nurse or doctor in Stargate SG1 had a katana, but it was a kbar knife in this timeline. In the previous timeline she was married. The Director said she was married but could have been lying as a temporal fossil.
I gave my wife’s sister a Grey’s Anatomy book because she was studying to be a nurse. My wife’s best friend and coworker took my wife to see “50 shades of grey”. Betty Boop is in black and white in “Who Framed Roger Rabbit”. There seems to be hidden information and triggers imbedded in “Who Framed Roger Rabbit” and “Kill Bill”. While at Gospel Rescue Mission there was an old African man who injured his leg. The movies “Split”, “Unbreakable”, and “Glass” seem to have hidden information and triggers in them. Comic books like “the Activity” are modeled on real world events. “Heroes” seems to have hidden information and triggers imbedded about an eclipse. Israeli News Live on YouTube with Steven Ben DeNoon claims your be former CIA with high level connections and warns of some thing entering our Solar System and a celestial event in 2023 that the government is trying to keep secret to prevent a panic. There seems to be hidden information and triggers in “The Incredibles”, “Charlie’s Angels”, and “Burn After Reading”. The Principal of Northview High School when I was there looked like the actress from “Charlie’s Angels” who was also in “The Mask”. The Assistant principle was a temporal terrorist who was getting the members of the football team in my class to harass me. My wife liked to wear a starfish in her hair. There was a Netflix movie called ANON which warns about the problem of going completely virtual or digital where there is a backdoor into everything, which they were trying to do with COVID-19. The Matrix, Alice in Wonderland, and The Wizard of Oz seem to be encoded with information and triggers about temporal reception. The “red pill” is for people who want to admit that temporal reception technology actually exists. The “blue pill” is for people who want to live in blissful ignorance pretending like temporal reception is just science fiction. In “Total Recall” Quaid spits out the the red pill. In the video “Close but no Cigar” by Weird Al Yankovich the Cat’s eyes are red and blue. I suggest listening to the songs “Foil” and “Party in the CIA”.  In the Matrix Forest Gump hero swap by HISHE on YouTube, Forest Gump takes both the red pill and the blue pill. This is symbolic of someone who hasn’t been explicitly told temporal reception is real but has an inkling it might be from all the weird things going on. I have heard that Neo never left the Matrix because the Matrix is in layers, so the red pill was just the next most challenging level of the Matrix. I don’t take drugs. Caption Call had me take a drug test. My “specimen” was collected by a beautiful woman with the name of the first Book of the Bible. 
Travelers Season 1 came out on my mom’s sister’s birthday. My uncle gave me a Forest Green shirt as a hand me down, which seems to have altered the timeline through the butterfly effect. When the Deputy Superintendent of Human Resources of Human Resources for Huntington Beach Union High School District saw the Forest Green shirt, she got “triggered”. She probably knew in advance she was going to be exposed for the temporal terrorist she is and receive Capital punishment. 
In the movie “Blade Runner” there are replicants and it talks of layered “cells within cells”. There is a scene about making Birthday memories. At Camp Bow Wow they brought me a birthday cake and had me blow out the candles. My wish was that the Lord Jesus Christ would have his wish instead of mine. I had a dream where a beautiful Latina woman with bleached blond hair took a shot of some drink and said to me that my birthday wish was going to come true. I am writing this diary of a Temporal Ghost as fiction because it doesn’t make sense to me, but maybe it does to you.
I talk so much about temporal fossils that I seem like a temporal paleontologist like Ross from the television series “Friends”. Johnny Cash wrote a song called “Ring of Fire”. I had some pants with the brand name “Ring of Fire” and I got it at Ross. If I am a temporal ghost, my question for Taylor Swift is, “Are you Ready For It?”. 















[Chapter 8: My Warning]
When I was growing up I used to sometimes go play with the neighbors. There was a family up the street with a girl and boy who eventually moved just a little further away. My brother and I played “Star Wars Cards” with the boy. There was also Portuguese family from New Jersey down the street. My parents were best friends with them for most of my childhood.We would always go there for New Years Eve and watch Rug Rats. There were two boys around the age of me and my brother and a younger girl. The boys liked to play video games like Doom, Starcraft, Warcraft, Half-Life Team Fortress, and Half-Life Counterstrike. 
I liked to play Starcraft and was good at making Used Map Settings Maps with triggers. I once spent months making a map called “Epic Trek” where I programmed triggers to have “spells” that could be filled into several slots and be changed like in the game “Zelda Ocarina of Time” on Nintendo 64. The younger boy figured out my password and hacked into my account “CatFat”. The password wasn’t hard to figure out because it was the name of my cat “Rusty” who was an orange tabby that looked like the puss in boots cat from Shrek. My mom said I couldn’t get a cat unless I found one that was declawed on all four paws that liked water so we could give it a bath frequently if she was allergic to the saliva of the cat. Our neighbor up the street who owned a MIDAS car repair glacé found an orange tabby cat declawed on all 4 paws. They put up signs and no one claimed him so they kept him. He liked water and would even jump into the shower with their son. I was doing some weeding for them and found out about the cat. My mom was surprised I found a cat that matched her description (she wasn’t expecting me to) but she kept her word and let me get a cat. I think my mom on the original timeline was mean but she was switched with a cloned replicant to raise me. Then when my mom had her miraculous weight loss, she was killed and replaced with a new cloned replicant with memories from the original timeline or at least to behave like it was the original timeline. My new “mother” is afraid of the Portuguese family who used to be her best friends. She is probably afraid she will be exposed as a cloned replicant who murdered my father (her “husband”) by putting radioactive material in his food to give him colon cancer. The Portuguese family moved to Temecula and my mom used to work with the Portuguese woman for a plumbing company. The two boys went to the same elementary school and middle school as my brother and I. They went to Capistrano High School whereas my previous mother got my brother and I to go to Aliso Niguel High School.
In middle school there was a gymnast who had the same 6 classes as me and had been in every class of mine in Elementary School. The class president had the same last name as her and was very pretty with reddish brown hair and freckles. I think the temporal terrorists changed the timeline by inserting people in student government and yearbook for where I went to school. If that is true, then there is hidden information and triggers encoded in my yearbooks. I had braces at the end of elementary school and head gear that I had to wear at night in the 6th grade. There was a new thing that I could bite down into to straighten my teeth. I would be at the computer playing Starcraft and my mom would say “Are you biting?” And I would grunt “YYYMMNN” which was supposed to be “Yes Mom”.
In the 7th grade I no longer had braces. I didn’t have them long, only a few years. My brother had braces for like 6 years. There was a girl in my Biology class who was very cute and had the most beautiful golden curly hair. I used to hold the door open for the entire Biology class, but it was mostly just for her even though I was too shy to say so. There was a girl with black hair and adorable freckles whose name rhythms with feather. She asked me to date her. She was very pretty. However, I told her that I was too young to date. I thought my parents wouldn’t allow it, but they actually would have. I think it just wasn’t meant to happen and the Spirit of the Creator was leading me down a different path knowing we would go to different High Schools. There seems to be hidden information and triggers in the Spanish movie whose title translates into English as “All the Freckles in the world”.
There was another girl with the same name as her in college at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo who was a Pescatarian from Seattle Washington who tickled me with a feather. I think she was a temporal terrorist sent to change the timeline. When she tickled me with a feather, I had to use all my self-control to pretend I was not ticklish even though I am. I wonder if this is how the Matrix system tests who will be fit to be fathers or just office workers like in the movie “Boss Baby”. I pretended not to be ticklish even though I am, but I just have a lot of self-control. The movie “Boss Baby” seems to be filled with hidden information and triggers.
There was a Cambodian girl who’s last name is only two letters and rhythms with “needle pulling thread”. She has a sister around the age of my brother. I later saw on MySpace she likes the song “One two step” by Ciara. My dad had me playing club soccer for the Pateadores and later West Coast. I had to get the “long form” birth certificate for playing soccer. There were some people who may have faked their age to get free public school omg because they were illegal immigrants. When they played soccer, they dominated because they were actually older than they claimed. Some had full mustaches and beards, which made it seem obvious.
In high school I played soccer and eventually became a scholar athlete. I did Confirmation classes my freshman year and sophomore year. I was confirmed in the Catholic Church sophomore year. They use a special oil to anoint you when you are confirmed. I used to be an alter server for Saint Timothy Catholic Church. I was actually the alter server for the first public mass at the new building. There was a private wedding mass beforehand though. My freshman year of high school the homecoming dance was canceled due to the attacks on September 11, 2001. The attacks were actually a government coup disguised as foreign terrorists. The pentagon was attacked in order to successfully cary out the coup. The NSA expanded its Unconditional powers and the Department of Homeland Security was created. Since then they infiltrated and conquered our government secretly implementing a covert shadow Unconditional government that violated the Bill of Rights. The September 11, 2001 attacks were conducted by George H. W. Bush to bring about a New World Order global government. His son President George W. Bush was used as a pawn. Over the next 2 decades the public school system was infiltrated and compromised to teach the next generation to be complacent and accept the removal of all their Constitutional Rights so when the covert coup went public 2 decades later they would have a whole generation already primed and programmed to accept it. The World Trade Center was attacked as a red-herring so that everyone would forget the Pentagon was attacked and focus only on the World Trade Center. The Hijackers were mostly from Saudi Arabia which acts as a mercenary for the United States of America. Saudi Arabia was promised we would go to war with all of their enemies in the Middle East if they would help with the coup. My father’s sister used to live in Saudi Arabia and my wife’s family used to live in Saudi Arabia. I think they have a temporal reception angelic device hidden in plain sight in Mecca. Mecca may be the Mecca for temporal terrorists.
There was a Filipino soccer player with the same jersey number as me (4 & 13) in high school. I kept asking her to School dances and she kept politely declining. I think I went to prom with her on the original timeline.She put secret messages in my yearbook, which may have been temporal fossils or new hidden information and triggers to affect the future of this timeline. She had a best friend and their senior quotes and pages their family made for them in the Senior Yearbook have hidden information and triggers. On the original timeline she wrote a hidden message in pen on only my yearbook. On the new timeline, that message was incorporated into the yearbook page itself sent by her family and her best friend’s family. There was also a temporal fossil or temporal echo about a “witch woman” so her page created by her family has a Halloween picture of her dressed in a witch costume as a child. They know that the woman I am going to marry is associated with “Snow White” from Shrek Magic Mirror and Wreck It Ralph Disney Princesses Saving Ralph so her Facebook picture has her in snow outfit with white snow in the background. The same is true for the “Earth Tiger”. There is a YouTube video called “Pot of Gold - Classic Tales Full Episode - Puddle Jumper Children’s Animation”.  The way to hide something in plain sight is to make lots of decoys as a smokescreen. If there are enough decoys, then the chance of getting the right one is as bad as just guessing randomly. The Enemy does this trick to keep people away from the Bible and Christianity.
The Enemy cannot get rid of the word of the Creator because he doesn’t have the power to do so until the Church is raptured our. Instead the Enemy creates numerous false-religions each with an element of truth to use as a red-herring distraction to make it more difficult for people to find the real word of the Creator.
My wife and her sisters all have the same first first name “Paula”. In the yearbook picture it says “Paula” and not their second first name they go by. I think in the original timeline I went to prom my Junior year with the Paula that was a sophomore. On the new timeline, I went to prom my Sophomore year with the Paula that was a Junior. My Junior Year I went to Prom with someone from the “God Squad” from my church.
There is a picture of me with the girl from the God Squad with me and my wife Paula with another person. In the original timeline the girl from the God Squad might have been the Filipina soccer player. If it was the Filipina soccer player, then the sophomore Paula could have been with someone else but in the same Prom party so technically I would have gone with her to prom even if we didn’t go together as a couple. In the original timeline, the Sophomore Paula had skipped a grade when they came from Singapore so the Sophomore Paula could have been in my prior Chemistry Class in the timeline. In the new timeline the girl from the God Squad was Creole and went to a different school than me but went to the same Catholic Church. There was an Italian girl on the God Squad. Who was a year older than me. She had a friend who worked at Tilly’s who people said liked me but she never told me herself in person. There was a Venezuelan girl with bleached blond hair on the God Squad who I thought was beautiful.
I find it interesting that the Filipina girl who plays soccer made reference to the God Squad in my yearbook, but she never joined the God Squad. I think it is a temporal “bait and switch” where she joined the God Squad on the original timeline. Her older brother went to the same college same, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. Her older brother visited me at a swing dancing event, which I think may be indicative of him knowing something about the future or he was prompted to go by someone else with knowledge of the future. He may have visited me as a trigger for the future or to do some temporal reconnaissance to verify that I was indeed the person there swing dancing. Temporal reconnaissance is when you send a message back in time to the past to have someone verify something or gather extra information to save the information to use in the future. I think the temporal terrorists may have sent lots of people to do temporal reconnaissance of me in college when I did a lot of dancing. There may be a lot of new people I danced salsa, swing, and ballroom with on this new timeline. These people might not be temporal terrorists themselves but may have been invited to go by these temporal terrorists and then were asked about what it was like afterwards by the temporal terrorists. The temporal terrorists like to do things indirectly to keep their fingerprints off what they do to make it more difficult for them to be exposed. My mom and her foster parent friend who prompted me to get fingerprinted as a child did temporal reconnaissance to watch me swing dance at Madonna Inn before they were replaced by other replicants and their husbands died of “natural” causes like heart attacks and cancer. 
There was an Italian girl on the Ballroom DanceSport Team who competed with me who I am almost positive was a temporal terrorist doing temporal reconnaissance. She went to a drive in movie theater with me in my white 2008 Toyota Yaris. In a previous timeline I got a Honda. My dad took me to the Honda dealer first as a temporal node. The Italian girl’s last name was the same as the corrupt judge who did a coverup in department C12, which was also the last name of the man who married my wife’s best friend and coworker. This seems to be a “great” temporal echo . The “Back to the Future” movie franchise puts the word “great” before this name. She claims her mother was exploited by a pharmaceutical company to create a blood clotting agent using her genetic anomaly. The blood clotting agent may be classified and used as a weapon to create a “heart attack gun” that makes it look like someone died from natural causes or had a heart attack or stroke. My dad’s mother had a “stroke” but recovered so it might have been a temporal fossil from a previous timeline. The CIA had a “Project Phoenix” during the Vietnam war that used such a weapon.
This Italian Dance Partner likes the songs “Extraordinary Way” and “Tears From The Moon” by “Conjure One”. She also liked the song Rapture by IIO. The Song Rapture was played by my wife’s friend at her her wedding reception in the Grant Hotel in San Diego as a temporal echo. I have bought music from Apple ITunes to document this. The movie “Valarian City of a Thousand Planets” is also filled with hidden information and triggers. On the original timeline, I was given a stroke using a “heart attack gun” created using the genetic anomaly of my dance partner’s mother. I also had a video of me dancing with this Italian Dance Partner on YouTube while I taught physics and AP physics at Huntington Beach High School. YouTube had locked me out of my account and wouldn’t take down the video. I had to threaten YouTube with violations against the witnesses protection program and threatened to sue them to banks and they still wouldn’t take it down. I showed them my camera I used to film the video and claimed they were violating my rights keeping it up. Eventually they removed it. It was probably a temporal fossil that had to be removed at a specific time.
Google who owned YouTube is a political terrorist organization. They have infiltrated the school system and have a government established monopoly. All the email address for students faculty and staff used at Huntington Beach Union High School District were google email addresses. They are using their government established monopoly to steal information from teachers and students to use in a blackmail ring to persecute Conservatives and Christians. Google promotes homosexual pride and is using its government established monopoly to push a political agenda to indoctrinate all children into supporting homosexual behavior. Google is creating a “Project Dragonfly” to use on the United States of America to bring it under totalitarian control by a technocracy similar to China. Ted Cruz asked Google if they were creating “Project Dragonfly” for China. Google responded that it wasn’t and left out that the reason was Project Dragonfly is actually intended for the United States after COVID-19 is used to turn everything into a virtual prison run by Google with a government established monopoly who decides what information you can and cannot see like in the movie ANON on Netflix. COVID-19 was used to destroy small businesses by giving major retailers with the same business licenses as smaller stores a government established monopoly to stay open while their competitors were forced to shut down. There is no way to undo the damage caused by these government established monopolies. The government is “too big to fail” and they have infringed the rights of so many people and business that they should be sued for more money than they are worth. The major retailers who stayed open during COVID-19 need to be broken apart into smaller companies to destroy the government established monopoly.












[Chapter 8 Echo: The Game Plan]
I am going to write about how New Jerusalem was (or will be depending on your perspective of time). I will probably be in New Jerusalem by the time you read this. The Spirit of the Creator has allowed me to relay information from my experiences back in time for me to be able to write this.
As you probably know, New Jerusalem has 12 foundation stones and twelve gates made out of pearls. The streets are not made out of asphalt, but rather diamonds laced with gold to make it look like golden transparent glass. Imagine a society with technology from billions of years into the future. That is what New Jerusalem was like. The buildings were made out of a type of programmable matter that could rearrange themselves however they were programmed to. After they form the desired structure, they freeze themselves in shape with a lock like cement hardening. The programmable matter was self-replicating technology that could grow like a time-lapsed video of a plant growing.
There was a type of “teleportation” device that could move faster than light. Because it moved faster than light, it created a shockwave of light as you “teleported”. It looked like a flash of lightning. This is what the Rapture Event probably looked like to other people’s perspective: flashes of lightning going down then back up.
The Enemy, Satan, used one of these teleportation devices when he fell to earth like lightning. The Victor used one of these teleportation devices when he came as lightning visible from East to West. The angels use this type of teleportation device when they appear like lightning. The myths about Thor and Zeus having the power of lightning are from angels descending using this teleportation device.
The teleportation device creates an “anti-time-dilation bubble” making time outside the bubble seem to slow down and stop. The Bubble travels faster than light creating a shockwave of light outside the bubble.
Some people think that in New Jerusalem everyone always wears white robes. This is not the case. The white robes are for special ceremonies, but we wear other clothing on other occasions.
There were crowns necklaces, rings, and bracelets with gemstones on them. The gemstones were actually data storage crystals, so they served a functional purpose in addition to being aesthetically pleasing to the eyes. We would store our personal information on the data crystals for us to always have available wherever we went.
The clothing we often wore in public were regal looking attire with capes. It was evident that the Enemy, Satan, had copied from what he had seen in heaven for what he implemented on Earth. Everything on Earth looked like a cheap knock-off imitation of what was in New Jerusalem.
There was a type of “viewing scroll” where you would link the data crystals to the viewing scroll to view the contents. The viewing scroll was like a touch pad screen except using 3D holograms combined with a 4D printer. The 4D printer can print moving shapes with 3D images projected onto them to give them the appearance of color and texture.
The plants were alive with a collective conscious soul and a hive mind. The plants would actually sing and make music. They could move, dance, and interact with you using fragrances released in a sequence like a song. It was as if plants on earth were in “black and white” and the plants in New Jerusalem were in “living color”. Everything on earth seems like a fake counterfeit of the real thing in New Jerusalem. It was as if everything on Earth had gotten an “upgrade”. The things on Earth were like a “wooden puppet” whereas the things in New Jerusalem were like a “real boy”.
The new immortal bodies were like a “mantis shrimp” in that they had more types of cone cells for detecting color (i.e. red, green, blue). The immortal bodies had 12 types of “cone cells”, so everything seemed more vibrant and colorful. The immortal eyes could also see outside the visible spectrum of light, so we could all see with “X-ray vision”.
For communication, there was a sort of mental telepathy where you could share memories or thoughts with each other for quick communication.
There was also a virtual reality internet simulated environment and augmented reality environment that resembles the movies “The Matrix” and “They Live”. You could select which program environment to run like someone selects a movie to watch on Netflix. The program environments were called “Realms”. There were many souls and minds within these Realms all experiencing a simulated environment. There were lots of “citizens” who could enter or leave the Realms multiple times like a time-traveler. There were “slaves of war” who were permanently imprisoned in a Realm like an AI Program in “West World”. The slaves of war had gotten their sentence of being thrown into the lake of fire commuted to being trapped in a virtual reality environment. The slaves of war bent the knee to the victor at the last possible opportunity and had no eternal inheritance nor eternal rewards. They were essentially “homeless”. They were the ones no one wanted to be their servants in their estates because they were more trouble than they were worth. They became extra characters in video games essentially and were physically stored in a type of stasis called “outer darkness” outside the gates of New Jerusalem according to Revelation 22:15.
There was temporal reception utilized to optimize everything in a way that didn’t violate causality.
When you played a “video game” in one of the Realms, the slaves of war would retroactively be trained on how to play their part in the game so everything was immediately ready the moment a “citizen” entered the Realm and started playing the “video game”.
The temporal reception was also used to optimize things in the “real world”, so everything would be done retroactively to be ready the moment you asked for it. Temporal reception was able to eliminate the “waiting time” by retroactively doing everything in the past.
There were “restaurants” where you would place your order and a moment later you would be served or have food delivered to your estate because the order was placed retroactively using temporal reception. The inventories of all perishable items were done efficiently because restaurants knew exactly what orders were going to be placed in advance. There was essentially no wasted food.
The streets made out of diamonds laced with gold were actually data storage centers for the “Library” and virtual reality/augmented reality Realms. Information was encoded into the diamond crystal structure and retrieved using golden nanotechnology.
There was a “quantum computer” that acted as the computer processor for the “Library”.
There were historical records for the past, present, and future. This information was also incorporated into the Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality Realms by an artificial intelligence to make them more realistic.
Everything in New Jerusalem was aesthetically pleasing to the senses, but they also served a practical purpose. The Creator is like a master architect where “Form Follows Function”. Everything also was designed to be symbolic of something important or special. There were a lot of symbols and metaphors incorporated into the design of everything.
The human body was designed to be symbolic of things that exist in New Jerusalem. The Creator is the “head” and the four living creatures are the “limbs”. The Creator is the “Thumb” and the four living creatures are the “fingers”. 
There is also a type of sacred technology that seemed to violate energy conservation that involved a white hole and a black hole. Male and female sexuality seems to be a symbol of this sacred technology. The white hole would eject matter into the black hole somehow “giving birth” to new matter; it seemed to use the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle to create virtual particles of matter that would exist for a limited amount of time. That limited amount of time was then stretched to infinity using the time dilation from the black hole.
The legal system in New Jerusalem was very organized. While technically the Creator and Victor were in charge of everything and were “above the law”, they chose to not violate the citizen’s rights, which were “endowed” or “given” to them as “gifts”. 
Everything was delegated to different Jurisdictions. It was like Federalism on a massive scale where there were layers of Jurisdictions that resembled a fractal pattern.
Everything was delegated perfectly so that everyone knew their Jurisdiction and what they were personally responsible for being in charge of. 
For example, I owned an estate which included 36 residences. Each resident on my estate had jurisdiction over their own residence. The residences were in groups of 3 grouped into a “castle” with a common area on the second floor. The “noble” was one of the 3 residents and had jurisdiction over managing the common area on the second floor. There were 12 nobles with their “castles” arranged like numbers on a clock in 4 quadrants with 3 nobles in each quadrant. The noble of the middle castle of the quadrant was a king or queen of that quadrant. The king or queen had jurisdiction managing the area outside the residences within their quadrant.
I was also the “emperor” of the estate in charge of managing a “tic tac toe” hash sign/pound sign/number sign/octothrope, “#”, shaped set of walkways on the second floor that connected all of the common areas of the castles together.
My jurisdictions were as follows. I was an Emperor with jurisdiction over the second floor walkways. I was a king with jurisdiction over the outside area in my quadrant. I was a noble with jurisdiction over the common area on the second floor of my castle. I was a resident with jurisdiction over my residence. 
If my estate were analogous to a galaxy, the galaxy would be broken into four quadrants. The residences would be hospitable star systems. The common areas would be an inner region of the galaxy that connect the star systems. The outside area would be the outer region of the galaxy. The walkways would be wormhole transpiration stations that connect different parts of the inner regions.
As an Emperor, I could delegate any of my responsibilities to another king or queen. As a king, I could delegate any of my responsibilities to a another noble in my quadrant. As a noble, I could delegate any of my responsibilities to a resident within my castle. The residents who were not nobles functioned like “servants” who were responsible for all the tasks delegated to them. There were 24 “servants” on my estate. There were 12 nobles (including me) on my estate. Each resident also had a personal angel they could delegate tasks to. On Earth “servant” has a lower class negative connotation to it, but in New Jerusalem it has a positive connotation according to Mark 9:35 and Matthew 20:25-26/Mark 10:42-43/Luke 22:25-26.
In New Jerusalem I was rich like Batman (or Bruce Wayne). My servants were trusted friends like Alfred (The Butler).
Unlike Batman (Bruce Wayne), I do not seek revenge but rather justice and mercy. Justice is sweet in contemplation, but is also nourishing in its execution when served with a side of mercy to complement it. 
In the movie “Batman Returns”, Alfred symbolically serves Bruce a dish called “Vichyssoise”, which is a dish best served cold.
Wealth in an Eternal Society is different than wealth on Earth. On Earth people valued possessions and felt responsibilities to be a burden. In New Jerusalem people value responsibilities and excess possessions feel like a burden cluttering you life.
Wealth cane in several forms: (1) Honors and Accolades (2) Authority over minds and souls (3) Jurisdictions over certain responsibilities (4) Rate of data/resource usage (5) time.
Since all the citizens of New Jerusalem had eternal life, everyone was infinitely wealthy similar to the movie “In Time” with Justin Timberlake. However some citizens were more infinitely wealthy by having access to a larger rate of data/resource usage. As an analogy, you can think of it like a television where everyone was watching the same movie but some people saw the movie in higher definition. Continuing with the analogy, people with less rate of data usage had to wait for the movie to buffer if they wanted to watch the movie in higher definition, but the regular movie quality was so good it didn’t make much of a difference.
Since everyone had everything they needed and all their needs were met, recreation became one of the major industries. 
The most creative people created new forms of art to entertain the population and earned awards and accolades for doing so. The new forms of art ranged from “mystery virtual reality games” to “new types of sentient artificial intelligence civilizations”. The awards were based on objective merit and were unrestricted in quantities rather than restricted in quantities based on subjective votes to make it a “win-win” cooperative awards ceremony rather than a “zero-sum” competitive awards ceremony. It was more like earning karate belts or merit badges than winning a popularity vote contest. It was more like than grading based on a fixed standard than grading on a bell shaped curve. 
2 Corinthians 10:12 warns against giving grades and awards without a fixed standard, which can lead to harmful things like unhealthy malicious competition or grade inflation. On Earth it was easy to spot the bad professors who used a “bell curve” to hide their poor teaching. 
The qualities that were most valued in people were creativity, curiosity, selflessness, diligence, discipline, perseverance, patience, trust, faith, hope, and love. The different recreational games were categorized by the different components of physical endurance/strength, skill, strategy, and luck that were used. The professional gamers were given a ranking score based on their training, practice, and planning.
There was one game that was “forbidden” called “fruit from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil”. It seems like a long title, but it seemed like a shorter title in its original angelic language. The game was forbidden because it encouraged sedition against the heavenly government by brainwashing its participants via subconscious subliminal conditioning of triggers to get them to rebel against the Creator and by participating in acts of lawlessness. Anyone who played the game and “failed” by reveling against the Creator or participating in lawlessness would have to be tortured and/or banished by the Creator’s laws. Anyone who played the game and “won” (which was virtually impossible without the help of the Victor) would receive a share of the spoils of war from taken from all the people who “failed”. The game “fruit from the knowledge of good and evil” was basically a type of gambling similar to a hybrid of a Ponzi scheme and Russian Roulette combined together. The winning team would split the “spoils of war” according to a “win win” game theory division. The losing team would lose all their eternal wealth and be banished/tortured forever in the lake of fire.
The game was forbidden in the sense that if you played and lost, you lost everything. The problem was that so many people joined the game just to keep the game going because they were hoping to save someone else trapped in the game on the losing side. There were billions of souls trapped in the game, so the Creator had to intervene by sending the Victor to win the game using a gambit strategy that requires the Victor to be tortured, killed, and resurrected, so that the butterfly effects from the strategy would indirectly win the game thousands of years later.
Before the Victor came, the Enemy thought he had already won the game and was baiting more people to join to steal their wealth and destroy them. The Victor turned the tables on the Enemy and his team. Once the Enemy realized he had lost the game, his strategy shifted to trying to stall the game indefinitely while preventing his teammates from defecting to the winning team. The game would eventually end from cosmic events that would begin a little under 2000 years after the Victor’s death and resurrection. The Enemy was trying to live extravagantly at other people’s expense using a pyramid scheme to enjoy what little time he had left. The Enemy figured out a way to prevent his teammates from defecting to the winning team using “The Mark of the Beast. The Victor would be unable to save the people who took the Mark of the Beast in their right hand or forehead. The Victor would have to “rapture” out his team shortly before the Mark of the Beast was implemented.
The Victor delayed the implementation of the Mark of the Beast as long as possible to get as many people to defect to his team before the “Rapture Event”. There was an asteroid strike set to hit the Earth a little under 2000 years after the Victor’s death and resurrection in the game.
The United States of America could have retroactively sent a message back in time via temporal reception to have a covert agency called “Space Force” secretly create a fleet of spacecraft to deflect or neutralize the incoming asteroids. The fleet of spacecraft would have to be built secretly in temporal isolation so as to not create a causal paradox. If the primary asteroids were deflected or neutralized, it would allow the game to continue for another 10 years according to Psalm 90:10. Eventually a cosmic event is going to end the game. The year 2028 seems to be the latest year the Rapture Event can be postponed to. However the Enemy wants to use the chaos created by an Asteroid impact to take over the world using his pyramid scheme during a 7 year period after the rapture.
The Enemy has developed RFID, quantum dot tattoo, and genetic modifying vaccines to use toward the implementation of the Mark of the Beast.
Anyone who takes the Mark of the Beast in their right hand or forehead will no longer be able to defect to the Victor’s team and will therefore be doomed to be tortured and banished forever in the Lake of Fire after the 7 year period ends.
The Mark of the Beast will make you no longer human. You will be a genetically modified organism with your own cells producing mind altering drugs with a backdoor in your nervous-system where electromagnetic-waves can be used to remotely turn you neurons on and off to control and manipulate your brain. They are essentially “terraforming” your brain and body to be the host for demons.





[Chapter 9: Swing Dance Date]
I asked her, “Where do you want to eat? Red Robin or Ruby’s Diner?” She replied, “Ruby’s sounds good. We haven’t been there in a while”.
We were seated in an outdoor area eating our meal overlooking a lake. I got a burger, fries, and a strawberry shake with a cherry on top. She had a special sandwich, onion rings, and a Shirley Temple soda drink. I could see a walking path that went to a gazebo near the edge of the lake. I asked her, “Do you want to go for a walk around the lake after we eat? I think I see gazebo where we can do some dancing.” “That sounds like a good plan. We have plenty of time until the movie starts at 9 o’clock”, she replied. The waitress came and took my credit card and came back with the paper for me to sign and leave a tip. To do a 15% tip I rounded it to a convenient number and then moved the decimal place one over to be a 10% tip in my head. In my head I then added half of that to itself to be a 15% tip. I wrote in the tip amount and the total amount.  After we finished we walked with my right hand holding her left hand with our fingers intertwined. She was turned toward me slightly with her right hand  going across her body gripping my upper left arm while she tilted her head onto my right shoulder leaning against me as she walked. It was calm quiet peaceful and serene. There was a slight refreshing breeze with a subtle whistling sound. We came to the gazebo and I put my arms around her and gently rocked back and forth as we stood in the middle watching the light shimmering the water.
When we had fully taken in the moment and milked every last drop out of it, I said “Do you want to dance?”.  She asked, “What type of dance? Hustle or Swing?”. “Swing. Lindy Hop”, I replied. I took out my music device and put on the song “16 Tons”. We put our things to the side and started to dance.
The rhythm for Lindy Hop was “step, step, triple step, step, step, triple step” or “1, 2, triple step, 3, 4, triple step”.

We were facing each other a little less than arms length apart. I held my left hand extended forward about waist level with my fingers perpendicular to my palm making a horizontal L shape. She had her arm extended with her right hand in my left hand with her fingers cupping my fingers from the top.
There was tension in our arms so when I stepped back with my left foot on the 1, it pulled her forward along the slot. 
On the 2, I moved my right foot to the left in front of my left foot along the same line to move myself out of her way as she came forward along the slot. During the “triple step”, my right hand caught her back so I could swing her her back in the direction  that she came in a circular manner like a trebuchet while I stepped my left foot in further in front of my right foot along the same line as before and then alternated stepping each foot quickly pressing my feet into the ground as I stepped 3 times. I was shuffling forward along the line forward slightly while rotating 180 degree to face the other direction during the triple step. 
On the 3, I stepped back with my right foot hooking it slightly around my left foot while using my right hand to propel her back down the slot in the opposite direction.
On the 4, I released my right hand from her back while getting out of her way in the slot by stepping my left foot out of the slot to be parallel to my right foot with both feet painting perpendicular to the line of the slot.
On the last “triple step”, I stepped in place 3 times alternating feet pressing my feet into the ground as I rotated 180 degrees to return to my starting position.

I keep counting in my head as we were dancing, “1, 2, triple step, 3, 4, triple step”. Her steps were a little easier than mine. She was just going back and forth along the slot whereas I was the one getting out of her way and acting as a counterweight to swing her around like a trebuchet. She actually traveled a further distance than me because I am anchored in the middle swinging her back and forth.
On the 1, she stepped forward with her right foot. 
On the 2, she steps further forward with her left foot.
On the “triple step” she hooks her right foot slightly behind her left foot stepping 3 times alternating feet pressing into the ground while turning 180 degrees to face the other direction.
On the 3, she steps forward with the left foot.
On the 4, she steps further forward with the right foot. 
On the last “triple step”, she steps her left foot near her right foot stepping 3 times alternating foot pressing into the ground while rotating 180 degrees to return to the starting position.

We kept repeating this basic Lindy Hop step over and over. It feels like a rubber band being stretched and released as she is catapulted back and forth along the slot. It takes a lot of practice to get the feel just right. 
I mixed in some other moves like raising my left hand to my eye level on the 2 to have her go under it. 
There is another turn where I spin her counterclockwise with my right hand on her back on the 3.
There is a move called the “Tommy Bahama” where I switch her hand from my left hand to my right hand and they spin her counterclockwise on the 3 while keeping her arm low to not hurt her arm.

We kept dancing until we got tired. The Lindy Hop can be exhausting. After “The Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy Of Company B” finished, we stopped dancing and started walking to the movie theater nearby. We got our tickets and played a few arcade games using quarters. We then got some popcorn, nachos, and a frozen coke with two straws and went to be seated. We were holding each other’s hand until we moved the armrest up that was between us. I was to her left and she was to my right. I put my right arm around her back onto her right shoulder. She put her left hand onto my right leg just above the knee. The lights started to dim and the previews for the movie started.






















[Chapter 10: Salsa Dance Date]
She was on the brown “L” shaped couch beside me. We had just finished watching “Happy Accidents” streamed through Netflix on the television mounted on the wall. 
I took the empty popcorn bowl to the kitchen. When I came back to the room she was standing provocatively and said, “Let’s dance!” She began to dance and motion with her fingers for me to come towards her like she was reeling in a fish. I took the remote and turned the television to a salsa music station. I then dimmed the lights slightly to give it a night club feel. She kicked off her shoes and I did the same so that it was just our socks against the hardwood floor. I did a short sprint followed by a slide. There was just enough friction for me not to slip and I ended up right beside her. I took her in closed position with my right hand on her back and my left hand in hers held up. 

We began to dance back and forth along an imaginary line or slot doing a “basic step”. I was counting to myself in my head “1, 2, 3, pause, 5, 6, 7, pause” and repeating until I got in sync with the music. I started with my feet together before the 1. I put my left foot forward and transferred my weight to it on the 1. I transferred my weight back to my right foot on the 2. I moved my left foot back to the center until my feet were together again with my left knee still slightly bent on the 3. I shifted my weight from my right foot to my left foot on the “pause” by straightening my left leg and bending my right knee. I moved my right foot back and transferred my weight to it on the 5. I transferred my weight back to my left foot on 6. I moved my right foot back to the center until my feet were together again with my right knee still slightly bent on the 7. I shifted my weight from my left foot to my right foot on the “pause” by straightening my right leg and bending my left knee. I then repeated this for each cycle of the basic salsa step. She was doing the same steps shifted 180 degrees out of phase. When I was going forward with my left foot, she was going backwards with her right foot. When I was going backwards with my right foot, she was going forward with her left foot. 

I was continuing to count to myself in my head “1, 2, 3, pause, 5, 6, 7, pause” as we danced. After a few basic steps, I wanted to face the opposite direction by doing a “cross body lead”. 
In order to face the other direction on the 3, instead of putting my feet together, I pivoted on my right foot and put my put my left foot parallel along the same line as my right foot so that my feet were along the same line pointing in opposite directions. I shifted my weight to my left foot on the 4. On the 5 I stepped back with my right foot as I turned my upper body counterclockwise to put her into the spot where I originally was. On the 6 I shifted my weight back to my left foot. On the 7 I moved my right foot back to the center with my feet together so that I was back in the slot facing the opposite direction from when I started. On the “pause” I shifted my weight from my left foot to my right foot. I then continued to do a few more basic steps. 
 
I wanted to get into “open parallel” position. I changed from closed position to open parallel position my sliding my right hand off her back until I was holding both her hands with mine in front of me. We continued to dance a few more basic steps in open parallel position.

I wanted to lead her to do a clockwise “basic turn”. I only needed my right hand to do a turn so I let go of her hand in my left hand. I was only holding one of her hands in my right hand. On the 1, I moved my right hand slightly to the left on the 1 and slightly to the right on the 2 as a cue that we were going to do a turn. On the 3, I moved my right hand up to my eye level. I was doing my steps the same as the basic up to the pause on 4. On 5, I pushed my right foot to the right without transferring my weight fully to it so the majority of my weight was still on my left foot. As I pushed my right foot to the side, I moved my right hand in a clockwise horizon circle to lead her in a turn as she was stepping forward on the 5 and completing the turn on the 7 or 8. On the 5, I partially pushed with my right foot keeping most of the weight on my left foot. On the 6, all the weight was back on my left foot. On the 8, I moved my right foot back to the center with my left knee still slightly bent. On the 8, I transferred my weight back to my right foot. We continued doing more basics steps.

 I wanted to lead myself in a clockwise “basic right hand turn”.  On the 1, I moved my right hand to my eye level, stepped forward with my left foot transferring my weight to it while turning 180 degrees going under my arm while keeping my feet in the same places. My right foot turned in place so it was facing the opposite direction. On the 2, I transferred my weight back to my left foot. On the 3, I pushed off my left foot and pivoted on my right foot clockwise all the back to my starting position. on the “pause”, I regained my balanced from turning. I then continued by doing the last half of the basic step. We continued doing more basic steps.
We continued each doing clockwise basic right hand turns with basic steps in between them.

I wanted to do a cross body lead in open parallel position. I raised my left hand to indicate for her to take it. Once she took my left hand, we were back in open parallel position. I then did the same steps and upper body movements as a normal cross body lead. We continued doing more basic steps.

I wanted to do a “cross body lead with a left hand turn”. It was just like the cross body lead except that on 3, I pulled her across the slot more strongly. On 4, I let go of her hand in my right hand and turned my left hand firmly in a counterclockwise horizontal circle.

Her steps were a little tricky. She stepped forward on 4 with her left foot and transferred her weight to it. On 5, she pivoted counterclockwise 180 degrees on her left foot while keeping her thighs squeezed tightly together. On 6, she transferred her weight to her right foot to pivot 180 degrees keeping her thighs squeezed tightly together. On 7 she transfers her weight back to her left foot to pivot the remaining 180 degrees keeping her thighs squeezed tightly together. On 8, regions her balance putting her weight on her left foot. She is then ready to got back on her right foot on 1 for the next basic step. Remember her basic step is out of phase from mine. I go forward with my left foot on 1 while she is going back on the right foot on 1.

We continued dancing salsa doing a mixture of steps. We changed things up by switching between the different positions. We did “closed position”, “open parallel position”, “open position with one hand (my right hand)”,  “crossed hand position with my right hand on top”, and “crossed hand position my left hand on top”. 

We also did some hand flicks where I would flick her hand up for her to brush down her head and neck on the way down. The hand flicks and some turns were a smooth way of changing positions without it seeming obvious and awkward.

We got hot and sweaty dancing and had to take occasional water breaks. We would also spray on more perfume or body spray while we were getting water. We eventually both lost our shirts. I was wearing my undershirt and she was wearing a sporty bra. That was until she pulled off my undershirt and threw it to the side. It seemed like we danced for hours.

I eventually led her into a cross body lead with a left hand turn into a dip. For the dip I with step away with my left foot lunging while keeping my right foot straight behind. I would have my left hand on her back and reach my right hand around to the other side. When I caught the other side with my right hand I would lunge more into my left leg while tilting her slightly in that direction. The trick was to keep her center of mass on the inside of the lunged leg so as not to fall over. 

As she spun counterclockwise and was caught in the dip, she laughed. I slowly tilted her a little further into the dip and gave her a long kiss on the lips. I eventually pulled her back to her feet but then she pulled me horizontally to with both her arms. She was on the couch facing me and pulled me on top of her. Without letting go I moved both arms over her head so she was trapped with her arms behind her head. I climbed on top of her and began to kiss her more firmly and deeply. I was careful to put my weight on the couch and not her so as to not crush her. I let go of her hand to free them from behind her head. She lay horizontally along the inside length of the long side of the couch. I lay on top of her slightly to the outside of the side so I could put most of my weight on the couch. We continued to kiss passionately while grasping each other’s bodies with our hands and stroking each other’s faces with our fingers. She put on some flavored chapstick and I used a dissolving mint strip and flavored gum. Eventually we stopped and just stared into each other’s eyes while stoking each other’s hair. She climbed on top of me, over me and off the couch. She said “I am going to take a shower first”. She went into the bathroom and closed the door. I turned the tv back on and watched it for like a minute. I then went over to the door and put my ear against it. I listened to the white sound of the shower water falling and could hear a faint echoing sound of her singing. Eventually I heard the shower stop and I rushed back to the couch pretending to be watching the television. She opened the door coming out in a white towel around her body with long wet hair. She shook her head to move her hair to the side. “We’re you listening to me sing?”, she asked. “Maybe. I said with a sheepish grin. “Ops”, she said as her towel fell to the ground as if it were an accident. She just stood there erect unflinching for two seconds staring  right at me. I was stunned speechless staring at the shape of her beautiful form. She then smiled with a spark in her eyes and bent her knees going vertically down and then back up to pick up the towel put it back on as if nothing happened. “What are you waiting for? It’s your turn to take a shower.” She said jokingly in a bossy voice followed by a laugh. She kept the bathroom door open as walked towards the bedroom glancing back to see me gazing at her. She entered the bedroom, peeked back out one time laughing and then closed the door.














[Chapter 11: Subliminal Phone Messages]
She sent me an encrypted message covertly over the phone in the form of 22 BITMOJI picture messages sent in a group text to me and her siblings hiding in plain sight.
It was subliminal and symbolic meant to convey an emotional meaning with plausible deniability making it difficult to explicitly translate into words. The following is one interpretation of what the message might convey.
“Hi”. I want a tasty “snack”, so I want you to “pitch” your “hotdog” into my “pussy”cat. Do you “Wanna...Hang out?”.
“Life is hard” I am “swooning on the couch” for you. My “computer broke” and I borrowed yours so I can run my fingers on your “keyboard”. I want you to join me in the “Jacuzzi” and “cook my egg” while I make your “noodles”, “beef”, and “chopsticks” wet in my “seaweed” and “green onions”.
I want my “egg cooked”...as I “dance” on your “pole”. I want to “certifiably” “do it” with you. I’m “waiting for you on the couch” and “I’m worth it”. Come and “treat yourself” at my “expense”. I am so “hilarious”.
I want you to give me a “massage” with your “cucumber”...like in the book “Alice in Wonderland” I want your “worm” to stand erect while I sit on your “mushroom” as it grows.
I want you to shed your “tears” “spilling your ice cream” into my...“large taco” because I am excited to dance the “salsa” with you. I want to “smoke your cigar”“You’re hired”.
I am all alone having “Me Time” “stretching” my “pussy”cat while “reading” your “book”. I give it an “A+ Nice Work!”. I want your “hot sauce”. I am going to “drink your coffee” down to the “last drop”.
Plausible deniability means she will deny she had any intention of sending this encrypted message. They will claim I am just making it up like in the television series “That 70’s Show” where Kelso thinks that Eric’s sister is hot for him when she is in the basement doing her laundry. If it is a temporal fossil from a previous timeline, the Spirit of the Creator might be encoding the message subconsciously for her to preserve the temporal nodes. It may also be that on one timeline I sent the message to her in the future with instructions for her to send it back to me retroactively in the past. It may just be a temporal fossil due to temporal nodes that were measured and cannot be changed.





[Chapter 12: Naughty Nurse Date]
She entered the room dressed as a sexy nurse holding a clear plastic cup. She said “I’ve come to collect your specimen. Drop your pants and strip down to your underwear.” Like a docile puppy I complied with her every request. She then began to tell me all the things she wanted to do to me with a playful flirtatious look in her eyes. She began to do a seductive dance and then move erotically toward me like a sexy tiger stalking its prey. As she got near I smelled her sweet perfume that seemed to be filled with pheromones and I got a tingling sensation all over my body as I felt the adrenaline corse through my veins. I looked down and could feel an erection starting to form. I tried to hold it back, but it was no use. I eventually gave up the futile attempt to hold it back, and it engorged itself and stretched to its full length bouncing slightly like a diving board. It peaked through the small open in the front until it was exposed and visible. “Oh I am so embarrassed”, I said. She replied “Sweetheart there is nothing to be embarrassed about. It is only natural. Here let me help you.” She began to reach down her hands and insert them under the elastic straps. She then pulled down firm and steady until they dropped to the floor. I was completely naked. She said, “Lie down on you back while I check you out.” I scooted back on the flat table and leans back until I was completely horizontal except for my erection sticking straight up like an obelisk. She began to run her fingers through my hair while singing a delightful sweet melody like a soft lullaby. She began to massage my head and then moved downward to my pectorals. She then began touching me with her hands all over my body with soft gentle tinkling strokes. She then began to kiss me all over my body reaching ever square inch in almost a methodical systematic way. I could feel her getting closer and closer to my erection and my heart started to be faster and faster. Right before she reached it, she stopped and stepped back. She said, “I have done a full examination and determined you are backed-up. My diagnosis is you have too much specimen under pressure, so I will have to extract some to release the sexual tension”. Tilting my head up from the table I said. “Will it hurt nurse?”. She laughed and said “Oh no. It is not going to hurt a bit. I will need you to stand up and hold steady. Can you do that for me darling?”. She began to put on some rubber gloves and snapped them for dramatic effect. I stood up completely vertical except and could feel my erection springing upward like a diving board. She began to rub some lubricating oil on her gloves and then extended the clear plastic cup underneath my erection to collect whatever would squirt out. “Can you hold this in place for me sweetheart”, she said. I held the clear plastic cup in place to catch whatever would be released. With one hand she reached underneath and cupped my gentiles and pressed down firmly periodically underneath near my tailbone. With the other hand she grabbed my shaft firmly but gently and began to massage in smooth rhythmic strokes increasing in frequency until eventually there was an eruption of pleasure. She seemed to glancing at my face to enjoy watching my facial expressions with my mouth slightly open trying not to make a soft groaning sound. It was as if she vicariously enjoyed causing me pleasure and was taking pride in her work. When the cup was full she slowly started to decrease the frequency of the stokes. She then took the filled cup and put it to the side. “Are you ready for dessert?” She asked with a beaming smile. “What is for desert?”, I asked. “Oh you’ll see!”, she said grinning with a laugh like I was going to be the victim of an elaborate prank. She went and got a flavored condom and tore the package open. She handed it to me and said “put this on”. Like a docile puppy, I complied with her every request. She then got a hotdog bun and put it around my condom covered erection as if it were a hotdog.  “Hold this firmly in place”, she said as she got som condiments. 
She started putting on honey, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream as if they were ketchup, mustard, and relish. She then got on her knees with her hands behind her back facing the sweet hotdog desert. Using only her mouth she began to suck on the hotdog without biting. She began to suck in smooth rhythmic cycles periodically looking up at my face and laughing at my reaction. As she consumed more of the hotdog bun, it went deeper and deeper into her warm mouth as she continued to suck. I felt warm sticky sweet pleasure and a tingling sensation like goosebumps all over my body. When she got to the end of the hotdog bun, she pulled her mouth off with on last suck making almost a slurping sound. She said “Was desert as delicious for you as it was for me?”. I looked at her speechless as she laughed looking lovingly into my eyes seeming to admire what she had just done and how it seemed to affect me.
I eventually replied, “Dessert isn’t over yet, it’s your turn now!”. “Oh really?”, said in a flirtatious way. I went and got a towel and handed it to her and said, “Strip and lie down. It is time for your massage.” I took off the flavored condom and got dressed as she stripped naked. She lay down on the table face down naked with the towel covering her buttocks. I then got some lubricating oil and began to massage her shoulder first slowly going down the back along the edges of the spine until I got to the towel. I then used my knuckles to push down in rhythmic cycles going down the back until I got down to the meaty flesh where the kidneys are. “That’s wonderful”, she moaned softly muffled with her cheek against a pillow on the table. I then went around to the other side and started to massage her calves. I started moving upwards and used my knuckles to do firm stokes just to the side of her shin bone. I then used my hands to massage her legs slowly moving upward as if I were kneading dough. As I got up to the towel she began to giggle and softly scream as if she were ticklish. I gripped both of her butt cheeks (one in each hand) and began to squeeze in short soft rhythmic way. “Do my feet!”, she said in a commanding but excited way. I put some more lubricating oil on my hands and did one foot at a time using both hands. I started with the balls of the feet massaging in a rhythmic circle motion. I then got to under the arch of the foot and used my thumbs to slide along the length of the foot in long smooth form strokes with increasing pressure until I heard “Too hard. Too hard. Softer.” I then continued to massage the balls of the feet until I heard, “Oh yeah! Keep going.” I continued until she said in a commanding but excited voice, “Other foot! Other foot!”. I continued massaging the other foot in the same way until I heard, “That was amazing”. I replied, “I’m not through with you yet. Lie back down face-up!.” I went and washed my hands and saw her beautiful naked body laying there face-up in anticipation. I went to the side of the table and looked into her eyes and said, “Hello beautiful”. I then began to massage her head and hear in small soft stokes so as to to mess up her beautiful hair. I looked into her eyes and touched my nose to hers. I then closed my eyes and gave her a smooth long sweet kiss on the lips while gently brushing her cheek s with my fingers. Then began kissing the nape of her neck while running my fingers along her body in soft gentle strokes. I took her hands and put them palm up when greatly stoking her palm with my fingers until she giggled and said’ “that tickles”. I began to kiss her all over her body in a systematic and methodical but sensual way. I was going up her legs kissing every part and she started to giggle as I got to the top. I stepped back putting on rubber gloves and said, “This massage comes with a happy ending”. “Oh does it now?”, she said with a flirtatious laugh. I put some lubrication oil on the gloves and inserted my index finger inside her hole. “Oh that feels good”, she said. I then put the first two fingers in and began to move them back and forth in a rhythmic way until she started to moan. I then could feel something sticking out at the top of the cave. I wiggle it back and forth with my two fingers until her moaning increased. I continued increasing in frequency and depth until I had three fingers all the way inside her. I heard her say, “Yes yes yes. Don’t stop!”. I continued until it seemed like she gave a gasp indicating she couldn’t take anymore. I took my fingers out and put my thumb in all the way and turned it in a circle motion until her moaning reached its climax. I then asked her, “Are you ready for dessert?” She replied, “I thought that was the dessert?” I went and got mangoes, honey, ice, and popsicles and began to run them over her body and lick them off. I put whipped cream on her breasts and began to rhythmically focusing on the nipples. I took a cucumber with the outside peeled off and warmed it in the microwave until it was body temperature. The cucumber’s own juices created a lubricating layer as I inserted it into her cave. I inserted it in and out in a rhythmic motion increasing in frequency until her moaning turned into a screaming climax and I heard “Too much. Too much.” I slowly decreased the frequency of the inward thrusts until I slowly removed the cucumber from her cave as she sighed exhausted laying back with her arms extended outward. I went and kissed her on the forehead, kissed her on both cheeks, put my nose to her nose, kissed her on the mouth, and said as she closed her eyes in blissful peace, “I love you”.
















[Chapter 13: Ghost Rendezvous]
I was sitting on a bench at a park when I saw her. Her face was painted in the style of dia de los muertos to act as a disguise but I recognized her. We made eye contact, and she started to walk toward me until her ruby slippers were standing right before me, “There’s no place like home. Home is where the heart is. I am going to let you turn the pages to my book of life. I may look like corpse, but I can be your bride. Are you ready to lose your head to the queen of hearts?” She reached her delicate hand and smoothly slipped it into my pants and took ahold of my bull by the horns, “I want to make music with you and play you like a guitar offering an apology for all those who hurt you before by letting your man erect itself in my museum. Can you feel the love tonight because we are going to roar and snore? Come with me if you want to pitch a tent, get a little dirty, and cook some s’mores in a passionate fire.”
She removed her hand, sat on my lap, put her arms around me, and gave me a soft sweet kiss. She smiled with her eyes sparkling like Christmas lights looking deep into my soul with her arms still around me, “I am going to let you do strange things to me as you check out and fondle ever book in my Library in our never ending story. Let me see those pearly whites. I like a man with good teeth. You are an 11. I am going to take you for a ride and rock your world babydolly. Come find me when you wake up.”















[Chapter 14: Sexy Sponge Bath Date]
I woke up in a large tent in a sleeping bag wearing only underwear with my hands in front of me handcuffed to a rope tied around a pole holding the tent up. 
I remember getting in her car, drinking some hot chocolate, and then falling asleep to the cars soothing vibrations. I vaguely remember her partially waking me up for me to sleep walk to the tent and get into the sleeping bag.
“There you are Mr. Sleepyhead”, she said as she entered the tent. “Where are we, how did we get here and why am I handcuffed?”, I asked. She replied, “We are at Caspers park out in the wilderness, but don’t get spooked. I had to make sure they weren’t tracking you so I got rid of your clothes. I have clean ones here for you for after I give you a sponge bath. The handcuffs are just for fun later. She brought a towel, a bucket of water with a sponge inside, and a container of body-wash. “Now let’s get you cleaned up Mr. Stinky”, she said as she unzipped the sleeping bag. “Lay down and hold still”, she said as she squirt some body-wash soap on a large rectangular yellow sponge and dunked it into the water. “Aren’t you going to take these off?”, I asked her looking down at the handcuffs. “Not unless you tell me to. I think it is more fun if you keep them on for now. They’re not real. They’re plastic and you could probably get them off yourself if you really wanted to. Lay back down now and hold still”. I put my head back against the pillow staring at the top of the tent. My body was completely horizontal except my underwear poking up like I was pitching a tent. The water was warm as if It had been out in the sun for a while. She began with my chest washing both my pectorals with the sponge in smooth circular motion.  She would wash areas first and then dry it with a towel right after. She then washed my shoulders and arms going in long strokes along the length of my arms. She washed my hands going around the handcuffs and going in between the fingers with the sponge. She moved the sponge back and forth under my armpits which tickled. She then scrubbed my stomach stopping at my underwear. She took the sponge and slightly squeezed it to drip som water on my underwear. “You’re wet” she said giggling as she rubbed my erected tent back and forth with the towel to dry it off. She then began to wash my feet and legs with the sponge holding one foot up at a time. It tickled more and more the closer she got to my underwear. “Roll over. Let me do your back”, she said. She washed my back going up to my neck and getting my hair wet. She put some of the body wash shampoo in my hair and began to massage my head, which felt really good. She used the sponge to rinse it off and then dried it with the towel. She then turned me back over and began to wash my face. After she dried it with the towel, she gave me a soft sweet kiss. “One last place to clean.” She said with smirking smile. She then went down and pulled my underwear down to my ankles and the slowly removed it one foot at a time and dramatically threw it to the side. I was laying there handcuffed with my hands on my chest and my erection pointing straight up as she put on some rubber gloves. She brought the warm sponge and began to gently stroke in little dabs. Then she did large deep rhythmic strokes from the balls all the way to the tip. I felt an eruption of pleasure as it began to gush out pouring out warm and sticky on my stomach. She used the sponge to scoop up what had spilled and dab the sponge back on my erection to coat it with its own warm sticky juices. She then continued with large deep rhythmic strokes from the ball to the tip causing more and more to gush out. She repeated this until it had all been released. Finally she rinsed the sponge in the water and cleaned up the mess finishing by drying everything with the towel in a firm rough way. “You’re all clean now!”, she said laughing. She went and got the handcuff key and clothes for me to wear and handed them to me. While I was freeing myself and getting dressed she left and came back with a new towel and a new bucket of water with sponge inside. “It’s my turn now. But first I have to get undressed”, she said as she began to dance erotically around the pole holding up the tent. As she was dancing, she was slowly undressing in a slow sensual strip tease. She stripped down to her bra and underwear. I got the sponge soaked it in the water and put some of the body wash on it. I began to wash her as she stood erect like a manakin. I used the towel to dry each area after washing it. I used the sponge to wash her arms first followed by her stomach and back. I then went down to her feet and washed upwards until I reached her underwear. I had her turn for me to unhook her bra. I then washed the rest of her back. I slowly turned her and began to massage her breasts with the sponge with slow circular deep strokes. I turned her gently facing away from me and slowly pulled her underwear down until it was at her ankles. I then put on some rubber gloves as she stood silently waiting. On my knees, I began to wipe the curves of her buttocks with the sponge. Still on my knees, I then slowly turned her her around. I began to wash her woman area back and forth with the sponge in soft smooth rhythmic swipes watching her trembling as she stood. I used the towel to do a few final stokes between her legs until everything was dry. “You’re all clean now”, I said handing her the towel. I put the sponge in the water and it bobbed up and down and came to a rest. She wrapped the towel around her, walked over to get her clean clothes, and she got dressed.














[Chapter 15: Game Show Ring Of Fire Round]
I was on a game show that looked to be a hybrid between Miss Universe and the Bachelor. I was off stage in a small lounge area. They said I was “on deck”, which seemed to be a baseball reference for me being the contingency plan. There was a red light near the door. I was told to only go through the door when the red light turned blue. 
There was a coffee table with a magazine on it. There was a tiger on the cover of the magazine. For some reason there was all so a children’s book about a bunny rabbit next to the magazine. There were two boxes of pizza on the coffee table. There was a medium Dominoes pizza box on the bottom with a Pizza Hunt box on top. There was a paper plate and napkins with a little note that said, “free pizza”. There was mirror on the wall that looked like it was a one-way mirror in an interrogation room. I felt like I was the unsuspecting lab rat for some kind of experiment. The Dominoes pizza had anchovy. The Pizza Hunt Pizza was pan crust with pepperoni and black olives. I tried one slice of each first. The Dominoes pizza was too salty for me, but I still finished the slice. The Pizza Hut pizza was just right and I ended up finishing the whole pizza.
There was a television on the wall that was an episode about American Pickers going through rusted cars to find one to restore to pristine condition. It then turned to a show about the Country of Monaco and how it was encouraging wealthy people to go there through its wealth friendly laws. After that there was a cartoon about Minnie Mouse putting on perfume that was too strong and later covering herself in trash smell.  About a minute after it switched to cartoon about Betty Boop as Snow White, the red light turned blue. 
I went through the door and climbed up some spiraling stairs out onto a platform. I then followed the footprints painted on the ground to where they led. I found myself in a huge stadium on what looked like a trap door. The host of the show had long dreadlocks and a hat made out of aluminum foil with the name “ALaddin” written with the fist two letter capital and was wearing what looked like a secret service earpiece like the agents wear in the matrix. I thought that was weird. 
There were seven beautiful women brought forward holding microphones who each asked me a multiple choice question.
The first woman’s question was, “What religion would you prefer your partner to be? (A) Orthodox Jewish (B) Biblical Christian (C) Nominal Catholic (D) Muslim (E) None of the above.”
I said, “I choose B Biblical Christian.”
The second woman’s question was, “What       Is the lowest level of education you would like your partner to have?
(A) High School Graduate (B) Some College (C) College Graduate (D) Doctorate Degree (E) None of the above”
I said “I choose B Some College”.
The third woman’s question was, “What is the oldest you would want your partner to be when you get married? (A) 18-25 (B) 26-35 (C) 36-45 (D) 46-55 (E) Over 55”
I said “I choose B 26-35”.
The fourth woman’s question was, “How many sex partners would you prefer your partner to have had before you get married? (A) 0-1 (B) 2-5 (C) 6-10 (D) 10-20 (E) over 20”
I said “I choose A 0-1”.
The fifth woman’s question was, “What is the maximum number of children you want to raise? (A) 0-1 (B) 2-4 (C) 5-8 (D) 8-12 (E) As many as the Lord blesses me with”
I said, “I choose E As many as the Lord blesses me with”
The sixth woman’s question was, “If one or more of your wives were to die or polygamy legalized, what is the maximum number of wives total you would be willing to have in your lifetime. (A) 1 (B) 2-4 (C) 5-7 (D) 8-12 (E) 13 or more”
I said, “I choose B 2-4”.
The seventh woman’s question was, “Jacob Israel had to wait 7 years to marry the woman he loved. How many years maximum would you be willing to wait in order to marry the woman you love? (A) 1-2 years (B) 3-4 years (C) 5-7 years (D) 8-10 years (E) Over 10 years.”
I said, “I choose C 5-7 years”.
The host of the gameshow said, “Congratulations you got through the Ring of Fire question round without falling through the trap door. We will now move on to the staring contest round. You will first have to make eye contact with each contestant while holding hands without either of you blinking for 60 seconds. If you or the contestant blinks or loses eye contact before the time is up, that contestant will not move on to the next round. You have only one redo that you can choose to use for one of the contestants at your discretion. The order has been randomly selected.”







[Chapter 16: Temporal Fossil Poems]
Brunette beauty chocolate eyes,
Underestimated for size,
Nymph of my youth just out of reach,
Your smile is brilliant fleeting shy,
A rock a doodle tale for you,
Not main focus, flower on wall,

Original angel smiling,
Ripe peach queen young and hungry,
The one class with Matrix teacher,
Intoxicatingly sweet laugh,
Zelda princess locks drive thru smart.

Enchanting smile that makes me blush,
Dark ebony lush hair like Snow White,
Radiant face graceful feather,
A choice whether date was foresight.

Kitten face as cute as could be,
Rapturous glee at seeing you pass,
Our Biology class I see,
Locks of gold she’s a gorgeous lass,
Opening the door for your way,
Silently saying I love you,
Knight shining true armor at post,
Yes not a ghost Chivalry’s new.

Paradise found in Abram’s Bosom,
Anomaly street at Word and Brown,
Rosy cheeks freckles auburn hair,
Kill tiger spiderman’s widow,
Emerald queen with a strawberry surprise,
Ravishing echo past linked in time.

Sisters from Cambodian wrong,
One, two step song needle thread long.

Politely declines dance requests,
Athletic vest urges four thirteen,
Entering secret yearbook jests,
Transient tests true mango queen.

Devastatingly alluring,
Engagement ring perfectly fits,
On dainty fingers pleasure bring,
My angel wing young girl outfits,
Anomaly tears us apart,
Marriage fresh start patently wait,
Peaches white fate faithful stay smart,
Observer my heart repent clean slate.

Coupled echo anomaly,
High school see forward to future,
Retroactive reality,
It enslaved me tethered to lure,
Systematic butterfly chance,
Try to escape glance foresight third eye,
Indwelling my Holy Spirit dance,
Nightmare a lance strikes heart to die,
Accountant wolves inception fraud.

Pleasure fraught, I can’t resist,
Altruistic every day,
Unusually amiable,
Likeable in every way, 
Alacrity as you wade...
Mermaid braid ebony art, 
On bay watch time ticks steady, 
Nymph ready to melt my heart, 
Incarnadine lips true treat, 
Cute arched feet form from tail part, 
Angel smart gorgeous and sweet. 

Guised mermaid peach tea for gain,
Indefatigable dogged first is naught,
Fervent left is wrong and right hand is inverted,
Fulgent Latin song mouse tattoo or ring,
A hole in cheese trap fearing reality,
Never let second be distracted by echoes,
You humble cucumber swimming red hair.

Mermaid fade into the deep,
Opaque white snow not evade,
Nurse a braid ebony sleep,
Incarnadine lips veil itch,
Class poise pitch chemistry urn,
Ashes learn dad cancer glitch.

Jockey and hunter on a noble steed,
Alluring need to watch salsa dancing,
Nashville talent singing for fame and greed,
Enormous lead down rabbit hole glancing,
Limelight sparkling brilliant beauty indeed,
Like a small seed with a baby face smile,
Engorging while baking casserole to feed.

Garbage attracts Oscar the grouch alone,
Irritating phone of cellular nature,
Nymph code name cleaner ice on loins makes groan,
Agent is prone to drug nomenclature.

Cheese is a trap or treat for mice and moles,
Open holes cause irrational fear,
Nymph of the pool hunger like shark with blood goals,
Nickname that trolls egg under siege whale shaped tear,
Insatiable baby driver bulls,
Evening lulls actress bed of hot coals.

Cucumber swimming in water for gain, 
Laughter and pain sacrifice pleasure naught, 
A good life fraught with love evil inverted, 
Universe led me to give Miss a ring, 
Dictate truth bring back to reality, 
It’s such a pity life wastes chasing echoes, 
After grey chose to grow old with blue hair. 

Lottery and Shell gas place,
Embarrassed sister muffin man,
Tacos for familiar face,
Incarnadine lips true plan. 
Colombian Ruby queen true,
I enchant by Jimboy’s spell you,
A Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy?

Enchanting dimpled smiling true mermaid,
Rosy hips wade in the ocean’s deep expanse,
Incarnadine lips smooth soft grenade,
Kissable unfading passion arching stance,
Aesthetic ink sensual not silly,
Augment chilly breeze with sweet song echoes,
Lovely feline shoulders tiger lily,
Lively frilly swim top beauty echoes,
Intrepid queen golden heart to capture,
Sister nurturing Christ gospel introduce,
One bulldog lover, aunt, wide-eyed rapture,
Nymph-like creature musical arms produce.

Veiled behind a heavenly cloud,
America on line of fire,
Nemo is nobody’s Clownfish,
Eleven is a dual number,
Star of David is standard,
Say my whole name as the first spark,
Accountability is key.

Boop some peach lotion on your gorgeous skin,
Ensnared within motorcycle shades of grey,
That fell from Andromeda craft of tin,
Thanks for the win katana bar Okay,
Your ink names Roger Rabit frame sin.

Bugs and Jam in Space Balls basket Jordan,
Until the fan hits waste Swartz child turning,
Nygma riddles encrypt time layers can,
New binary plan Death Star trigger learning,
Your last mimzy fire earth Zodiac Chan.

Caption Austin Powers red call from Gog,
A tow in fog vessel Phantom Opera,
Tick clock Ezra Bond spy next day die Dog.

Ever after for fairy tales come true, 
Saint Timothy God Squad glad, 
Truly madly deeply do, 
Enchantress of beauty had, 
Prom you add me timeline new, 
Hair blond borrow old dress blue, 
A foray to heart of mine, 
Never will I forget you, 
In lips true incarnadine, 
Enter mine make beast backs two. 

Mystery fantasy Lore, 
A rose for nose to Inspect, 
Nimble panther crouch and Roar, 
Dance on floor your song Project, 
Evolving timeline Actor. 

Gorgeous Christian salsa dancer wild yet tame, 
A splendid aim Cupid struck at first sight, 
Robinson baseball player has first name, 
A jest full game cat and mouse no dogfight, 
Youthful potato princess dawn’s first light, 
A smile so bright dimples ebony hair, 
Rider of mare and steed endures the night. 

Siren proper seduces with bold plan, 
Caribbean pirate sailor jolly, 
On the run Italian hides from bad man, 
Tears from the moon can thwart experiment trolley, 
Terrific artist dancer WALL-E fan. 

Fortune, fame, and passion evaporate,
Royally grateful truth and justice meet, 
Evil blocked Good’s turn to interrogate, 
Earnestly wait to receive promised treat. 

Lead your sister to work with me for gain, 
Even explain secret or all is naught, 
Time fossil caught Universe inverted, 
I will hear wedding bells Miss again ring, 
Calypso sings of a new reality, 
In big city fashion your song echoes, 
Again propose I queen tips light green hair. 

Widow or virgin a cute sneeze for gain, 
Insightful brain bringing boredom to naught, 
Loves perfume bought gender roles not inverted, 
Desire flirted through forward phone ring, 
Ready to fling dancing reality, 
Answers witty humor sweet voice echoes, 
Christian who grows dark or streaked yellow hair. 

Guised mermaid in swimming lane,
Indefatigable intent,
Fervent beauty without wane,
Fulgent as a summer ray,
A foray to heart of mine,
Never will I forget you,
You with true lips incarnadine.

Say “uncle” for I want you night or noon, 
Across the Universe at the bull from old, 
Mission foretold raspberry lipstick Habit soon. 
[Chapter 17 Game Show Continued...]
The gameshow utilized the 5 love languages to psychologically condition people to generate strong feelings of intimacy with each other as a catalyst for them to fall in love more quickly. The primary love language is “quality time together”. The secondary love languages are “touch” and “acts of service”. The tertiary love languages are “words of affirmation” and “gifts”. 
The host of the gameshow said, “Fantastic you got through the staring contest question round without
blinking or letting go of your hands. You now know you can at least stand the sight of each other”, the gameshow host said laughing.
“We will now move on to the slow dance round. You will have to slow dance with each contestant for one complete song. You will have both your hands on her waist while she has her arms wrapped around your neck. If either of you let’s go before the song finishes, that contestant will not move on to the next round. The order has been chosen randomly”, the gameshow host said.
Each contestant choose a different symbol ahead of time to represent herself. The order I would dance with the contestants was indicated using the symbols. The symbols in the dancing order were Heart, Butterfly, Flower, Rainbow, Starfish, Tiger, and Angel.
The lights dimmed while soft smooth romantic music started playing. I put my hands on her waist gently a little worried she might think I was trying to grab her butt. I felt her reach her arms around my head resting them on my neck. We began gently rocking back and forth slow dancing to the music. I felt warm pressure where my hand was pressing against her curvy waist. She was looking up at me and I looked down into her eyes. I remember thinking how beautiful she looked. She eventually rested her head against my chest and we finished the song in almost an embrace swaying back and forth. This continued with each contestant. Some of the contestants were a little taller or shorter making me need to adjust my hands accordingly. Some contestants had waists that felt like form cushions, others firm and toned, and others more hard and bony. 
“Amazing you got through the slow dance round round without stepping on each other’s toes too much or scaring each other away. You now know you can at least tolerate being near each other.”, the gameshow host said in an amused voice.
“We will now move onto the massage sandwich round. You will give each contestant a 1 minute back massage. Afterward each contestant will give you a 1 minute back massage. Finally, you will give each contestant another 1 minute back massage. While all y’all are being massaged, you will be holding a buzzer with a button. If anyone presses the button on the buzzer at anytime during the massage, the corresponding contestant will not move onto the next round. The order has been selected randomly.” The symbols in massage order  
Starfish, Rainbow, Flower, Butterfly, Angel, Tiger, and Heart.
They each sat on a stool as I gave them a back massage for a minute one at a time. I started on the shoulders near the neck. I massaged down the back on the sides of the spine. I continued massaging the neck and returned to the shoulders and went down along the upper arms. Some contestants had very meaty backs, others had tough knots that I would massage in circles with my index and middle fingers, and others had bony backs that felt like there was no flesh to massage only hard bone. 
After I had finished massaging all 7 contestants one at a time, it was my turn. I sat on the stool and they began to massage me. Some contestants massaged nice and firm, others used barely any pressure making it hard to feel anything, and one pressed so hard it almost hurt. A few contestants tried scratching my back with their long fingernails in cycles that increased in frequency. I noticed some of the contestants used their knuckles and even their elbows, which I thought I might try when it was my turn to massage again.
After the contestant had massaged me for a minute each, they went back to their stools. I massaged each one for a minute again. This time I spend the first 20 seconds massaging with my thumbs and palm, I spend 20 seconds trying to get out the knots using my index and middle finger or knuckles and elbow, and finally I spent the last 20 seconds with my thumbs and palm.
“Amazing you got through the massage sandwich round without a single buzzer having its button pushed. You now know you can be trusted not to have hands made of butterfingers”, she game show host said with a chuckle.
“That completes the icebreaker section of the game, and unfortunately two contestants will have to be sent home at this time. You will be five flowers to give to the contestants. When you give a contestant a flower, you will say a few things you like about her. The two contestants who don’t receive a flower will then be sent home.”
I gave a pink rose to the contestant whose symbol was a starfish. I told her that she had a cute little nose and dainty fingers. I told her that I liked her makeup.
I gave a red rose to the contestant whose symbol was a tiger. I told her that she was a good dancer. I told her that she had a beautiful teeth and beautiful smile. 
I gave a white rose to the contestant whose symbol was an angel. I told her that she gave a really good massage. I told her that she has beautiful long hair and braids.
I gave a yellow sunflower to the contestant whose symbol was a butterfly. I told her I liked her bubbly personality and her beautiful laugh. I told her that she smelled amazing and had a beautiful voice.
I gave a purple tulip to the contestant whose symbol was a heart. I told her she has beautiful eyes. I told her that she has a beautiful back that was enjoyable to give a massage to. 
The game show host looked at the two contestants without flowers and said, “Unfortunately you two contestants were just not a match. We will put you in another group of 7 women with similar values to try the Ring of Fire question round with another man”. The game show host escorted the two flowerless contestants offstage. 
“We will now move on to the picnic baby feeding round. You will now assemble and eat a small picnic meal of sandwiches and snacks with each of the contestants. You cannot feed yourself using your own hands. You will need to feed the food to each other as if you were feeding a baby. If anyone feeds themselves or fails to finish their food the corresponding contestant will not make it onto the next round. The order has been selected randomly.”
The symbols in feeding order were Angel, Butterfly, Tiger, Heart, and Starfish. 
There were ingredients on the table including bread, mustard, mayonnaise, lunch meats, fruits, vegetables, other snacks, ziplock bags, and paper bags. I made a sandwich, cut it diagonally, and put it in a ziplock baggy. I used a peeler and knife to peel the outside off some carrots and chop them and some celery into small carrot sticks. I prepared the fruit and other snacks. I put them all into a brown paper bag. The contestant made her own lunch using the ingredients provided to her, which seemed to be 1/5 the size of my ingredients. When we had fished preparing the food, we went and sat on the decoded picnic table. We then began to feed each other while trying not to laugh or spill any of the food. We also used a napkin to wipe each other’s mouth when some of the condiments got on each other’s faces. It took a lot of concentration to feed each other but was not difficult. Process repeated itself with all 5 contestants. Since each of their ingredients was about 1/5 the size of mine, I ended up eating about the same amount of them after the process completed with all five contestants.
“Spectacular, you finished the picnic baby feeding round without spilling or wasting any of the food. At least now you know that you will not starve when you are with each other”, the gameshow host said with a grin.
“We will now move on to the Truth and Dare round. You will ask all the contestants 5 questions, which they will have to answer truthfully or say ‘dare’. If they say ‘dare’, they will have to do whatever you ask them to do or else they will not make it to the next round. Afterward each contestant will dare you to do 1 thing, which you will have to do or say ‘truth’. If you say ‘truth’, you will have to truthfully answer whatever they ask you or that contestant will not make it to the next round. The order has been selected randomly”.
The symbols in asking order were Tiger, Butterfly, Starfish, Angel, and Heart.
I asked the same 5 questions to all 5 contestants. 
(1) What something you do when you are alone and no one is around that you would be the most embarrassed to be caught doing by someone?
(2) How many men have you kissed in your life?
(3) What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you?
(4) What is the choice you made in life that you regret the most?
(5) How many men have you had sex with in your life?
The responses to questions (1) were things like farting, smelling their fingers after putting it in their armpits, dancing naked in the house, bing eating weird food combinations, and servicing themselves.
The responses to question (2) were things like 0,1,4, and 12 men.
The responses to question (3) were things like leaving a bloody trail in the supermarket when trying to buy tampons on their period, bending over in public and accidentally farting, pooping in their pants or all over their car with diarrhea, ‘dare’, and ‘dare’.
I dared the contestants to give me a kiss on a place of her choosing. One pretended like she was going to kiss me on the lips but then gave me a kiss on the nose and winked at me. The other gave me a kiss on my ear and whispered ‘there is more where that came from wait until we are alone’.
The responses to question (4) were things like ‘I have no regrets’, choosing to go to an expensive college, not visiting a relative before they died, ‘dare’, and ‘dare’.
I dared the contestants to each massage one of my feet for 1 minute.
The responses to question (5) were things like ‘0 because I am a virgin’, ‘1 because I am a widow’, ‘1 because I am a victim of rape’, ‘1 because I made some mistakes when I was younger before I became a Christian’, and ‘dare’.
I dared the contestant to let me sweep her off her feet and carry her in my arms across the stage and back.
After the questions they each dared me to do something. Some of the things they dared me to do were to pick them up and carry them across the stage and back as they saw me do to the one contestant, give them a foot massage, do 20 push-ups, do a push-up with her sitting on top of me, take my shirt off twirl my hand in the air in a circular motion while yelling “yahoo!”.
The host then said, “Thank goodness no one got injured in that round and we didn’t get sued. That is why our insurance for this show is so high. Hopefully you all learned a little more about each other. We will now move on to the underwater bliss round. After our next round our 3 finalists will be chosen from our contestants. You and the contestants will change into your bathing suits. You will start in the shallow section of the pool. One at a time, each contestant will walk around the pool one full lap, dive into the deep end of the pool, and swim toward you. You can swim toward her or stay wherever a comfortable depth is for you. When you meet you will have to hug and embrace each other, go completely under water, and kiss each other underwater for 30 seconds. You will have up to 3 tries. If after 3 tries you fail to kiss each other for 30 seconds while completely submerged underwater, that contestant will not move on to the next round. Afterward you will go into the bubbling Jacuzzi and each contestant will have 5 minutes alone with you in the bubbling Jacuzzi to privately answer questions and convince you why she should be a finalist. The order has been randomly selected.”
The symbols in diving order were Butterfly, Tiger, Angel, Heart, and Starfish.
I was in the shallow section of the pool in my board shorts bathing suit. Each contestants was wearing a stylish bathing suit. One looked like a one piece with the stomach area showing, some looked like two pieces, and some looked like bikinis. They looked stunning and were wearing makeup as they walked their lap around the pool. After the first contestant dived into the deep end of the pool, her makeup washed off and I could see her natural beauty. I moved a little toward the deep section so that I could just barely touch the ground with my feet. When she reached me, she wrapped her arms around me and gave me a big hug. “Are you ready to go under?”, I said. She responded, With you definitely.” We then sunk together below the surface and gave each other a long kiss. Her lips felt soft smooth and wet oddly enough. The first ten seconds seemed natural, but then it gradually became awkward trying to stay down and not rise above the surface. After 20 seconds I was starting to notice that I had been holding my breath for a while. Eventually she tapped me with her hand on my back to indicate it was to to go up. When we got to the surface, we gave a big gasp. “Did we do it? Was that more than 30 seconds?”, I asked. “Yes it was more like 35 seconds”, she responded. She left the pool and I went back to the shallow section. It repeated in a similar way for the other contestants.
Afterward I went into the Jacuzzi. It was very warm, so I went in slowly. The bubble were turned on so you couldn’t see below the surface of the water.
The first contestant came into the Jacuzzi wearing a cute two piece bathing suit with a butterfly design. She said, “So I have five minutes to convince you to make me a finalist, so what do you want to know?”. We talked about Christianity and how some bible verses she liked were John 3:16, Romans 10:9, and Ephesians 2:8-9. She sang a song for me as she stroked my hair and splashed me with water in a playful way making a giddy high pitch sound when I splashed her back.
The second contestant came into the Jacuzzi with a two piece bathing suit decorated all over with tiger stripes with a tiger face design. 
The third contestant came into the Jacuzzi with a white bikini that had angel wing designs.
The fourth contestant came into the Jacuzzi with a bikini covered in a dot pattern of hearts with a large heart in the center. 
The fifth contestant came into the Jacuzzi with a one piece bathing suit with a design resembling mermaid scales with an opening to show her belle and star fishes attached to the upper section.
Each contestant had a unique way of trying to convince me to be a finalist. They tried to show we have common interests and life goals. Some tried to do a lot of flirting. Some tried to prove they were good kissers. One did some things with her hands underwater beneath the bubbles.
After all the contestants had finished their five minutes in the Jacuzzi, the game show host said 
“That completes the main section of the game, and unfortunately two contestants will have to be sent home at this time. You will be given three cross necklaces to give to the contestants. When you give a contestant a necklace, you will say a few things you like about her. The two contestants who don’t receive a necklace will then be sent home.”
I gave a ruby cross necklace to the contestant whose symbol was a butterfly. I told her I liked how playful she was and how carefree she made me feel around her. I told her I liked how she was beautiful inside and out. I told her she is a delicate flower who deserves the best.
I gave an emerald cross necklace to the contestant whose symbol was a tiger. I told her that she was very sensual and made me feel warm inside. I told her I liked how beautiful and glowing her face always is. I told her she has a heart of gold and wants to help people.
I gave a sapphire cross necklace to the contestant whose symbol was an angel. I told her that she was a good kisser. I told her that she has gorgeous figure. I told her she is a good listener and seems to understand me.
The game show host looked at the two contestants without cross necklaces and said, “Unfortunately you two contestants were just shy of becoming finalists. We will put you in another group of 7 women with similar values to try the Ring of Fire question round with another man”. The game show host escorted the two contestants without necklaces offstage. 
The host of the gameshow said, “We will now move on to the ‘sleep on it’ round. This is the final round round. You will make your final choice after this round and give the winning contestant a diamond engagement ring. In this round you will be seated on a bed in a bedroom. Each contestant will have two hours to complete the five objectives and put you to sleep.
The first objective is the contestant must do a dance, use perfume, or whatever else she needs to to give you a full erection without touching you. You will press the button on the buzzer when she has successfully given you a full erection. If she touches you before the button on the buzzer is pushed, she is disqualified. 
After the button on the buzzer is pushed, you must act like you are sleep walking and obey her every instruction. The second objective is the contestant must instruct you how to fill a small cup up to the marked line with any of your bodily fluids. 
The third objective is the contestant must lead you to the bathroom and brush your teeth using toothpaste.
The fourth objective is the contestant must undress you and get you dressed in the pajamas provided while you lay motionless on the bed without helping her. 
The fifth objective is the contestant must read you an entire book out of the selection provided.
Finally, the contestant must sing you a lullaby or do whatever else she needs to to put you to sleep; you must be asleep by the 2 hour mark. If you are awake by the 2 hour mark, she is disqualified. Bring in the first contestant with the Ruby necklace. Good luck...”
Ruby shoes Queen’s heart cucumber for gain,
Only brief pain temporal wealth is naught,
You were last fought and loved first inverted, 
All converted eternal wedding ring, 
Love to a king transcends reality, 
There no shell tea place is home like echoes,
Yesterday flows, tomorrow purple hair. 
Cheese holes pool and butterfly chance for gain, 
After my reign starts your fears melt to naught, 
Securely bought wealth never inverted, 
Tenderly wed with rose pocket and ring, 
Look angel wing flys in reality, 
Expert ante of eternal wealth buys echoes, 
So as joy grows try flashy dark orange hair. 









[Chapter 18: Extra Inn Rings Red Hair Double Jeopardy Poems]
Wavy red hair Christian glow, 
A name know Avenue me, 
Death Valley I walk shadow, 
Each ring echo out fun glee.

Whether hide Ready or Not, 
And forgot Player Only, 
Teacher see Matrix One Seek, 
Seek One Matrix see Teacher, 
Only Player forgot And, 
Not or Ready hide Whether. 

Give “panties” Urban define Real, 
A birthday bright post Salsa Eight, 
Me twice wed wait legal no Veal, 
Eat inn blow kneel Knotts Ovulate. 





