



Texas Rose

By Jolene Faye

Copyright 2012 Jolene Faye

Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


*Personal Note*
After reading several old western romances by Norah Hess, the story and characters of Texas Rose haunted my dreams. Pushing aside three other stories I'd been working on, Sybil and Cole just wouldn't stay away! I might be a simple country girl, but I'd be lost without my computer and internet, so most of my stories happen in modern times. Texas Rose however is based in the late 1800's (early 1900's) and is my first attempt at older western romance. Unlike my other stories, there was no place for the full, descriptive portrayals of the sexual intimacy in Texas Rose. I hope the readers enjoy Texas Rose as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Smashwords - https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JoleneFaye
Google Website - https://sites.google.com/site/jolenefaye2012/
gMail - jolenefaye2012@gmail.com
Facebook - http://www.facebook.com/jolene.faye.1

Other Books by Jolene Faye available on Smashwords.com
Texas Tornado
Texas Tides

Chapter One

The sting of the cold sleet burned against his face. Whirls of the frigid night air pierced through the thick snow and rain soaked clothing as he pulled his arm and the small satchel closer to his chest. The daunting weight of his exhausted eyelids hooded the sharpness of his deep green eyes turning to scan the path of darkness behind him. The gentle weight of the satchel strap rubbed against the frozen wet chafe around his neck and shoulder. Pulling the reins slowly with agonizing numb fingers, he eased the horse's steady gait and strained his ears against the slushing howl of wind and sleet. The loud, sudden roar of a gunshot drove his heels into the side of the horse. Wrapping his arm tightly over the satchel, he slapped the reins against the cold wet neck of his mare and thundered into the darkness. The crack of lighting landing not far ahead in his path of escape frightened the already tired and weak mare. Her hooves kicked defensively into the night air as she reared and dropped the weight of her rider to the think wet, snow covered ground. Frantic as the air rushed from his lungs at the frozen punch of the ground, he pulled the satchel tight once again, scooting his body against the large rocks just off the icy path. "Please, wait please! I have a ch-" his voice faded as the brute force of the rifle's butt slammed behind his ear. The glow of the torches' light dimmed as his crystal green eyes scanned one last time over the small hollow between the rocks then faded into darkness. 
~*~ ~*~
Mary Elizabeth Delacroix had been the belle of the ball, literally, when Benjamin Reed first set his eyes on her. The beautiful daughter of a wealthy plantation owner in New Orleans, Mary Elizabeth had grown tired of the fancy parties her parents had always thrown, hoping she would find a suitable husband. With her deep Creole heritage, her dark brown hair and eyes against the golden honey tone of her skin melted Benjamin Reed's heart. Six years after their marriage and move to the northernmost part of Texas, the couple was blessed with a single daughter. Named after both her grandmothers, Sybil Elizabeth Reed was the light of Benjamin and Mary Elizabeth's lives. While Texas was still wild for the most part, the stretch of land Benjamin had turned into a large expanse of cattle ranch was strategically placed between two major towns with rail road depots. Quickly earning his prestige as one of the most predominate cattle ranchers, Benjamin doted on his wife and child. When Sybil was barely fourteen, she watched as Benjamin worked late into the night adding the large glass French doors from Mary Elizabeth's childhood home to the ranch. The doors and the long heavy mahogany table where the only remnants of the fire that had destroyed Mary Elizabeth's parents' home and taken their lives. Mary Elizabeth had expected two more children from her marriage to Benjamin, but with her frail health both had ended before the unborn could be delivered. The slow decline of her health and function began shortly after Sybil had turned sixteen. Though they had help on the ranch and Benjamin loved them both dearly, Sybil had been the main caregiver of her frail mother. Two long torturous years later when Mary Elizabeth's body finally waned and gave out, Sybil watched a part of her father die too. 
Benjamin protested profusely, Sybil was already eighteen years of age and he did not want to be the reason she was still unwed or still hadn't gone off to the education her mother had planned before her passing. Deep down inside, she knew it was her own face that haunted her father the most in the year after her mother's death. Though she had inherited his deep golden hair, every other aspect of Sybil looked exactly like her mother. She could see the pain in her father's eyes looking into the mirror image of his late wife's soft brown eyes when he would look at her, his own daughter. The golden brown tint of her skin contrasted against the fairness of his just like her mother's did when they'd walk arm in arm into church. Benjamin Reed had always been the strongest, gentlest man she'd ever known, but without his Mary Elizabeth he wandered around the ranch most days like a ghost. The three years since they had lost Mary Elizabeth, Sybil stayed at the ranch and cared for her father. He had changed so much that Sybil could barely recognize or reason with him. His heavy drinking had started shortly after Mary Elizabeth's passing and Sybil knew without a doubt was the cause of the dwindling prosperity of the ranch. 
She had heard the stories floating about town and the appearance of John Henry Horner around the ranch confirmed them. A little more than a year after her mother's passing, Sybil had been awoken by the loud ruckus of her father's drunken tirade coming from the parlor. Quickly wrapping her thick woolen robe around her as she stepped into her slippers, Sybil crept out of her bedroom to find a tall dark haired man lowering the slumped body of her father into a big chair in front of the fireplace. The liquor slurred yells of her father were unintelligible, but the loose swinging of his arms toward the dark haired man raised the hairs on the back of Sybil's neck. "Father," she exhaled loudly as she quickly crossed the room and knelt in front of him, ignoring the tall gentleman. As the heavy head of her father fell back and he passed out from drunkenness, Sybil stood and eyed the gentleman closely before speaking. He was tall, well-built and handsome, she thought. Near thirty, she assumed from the etched features of his face. His dark black hair curled under the brim of his solid black hat and the equally dark eyebrows seemed to frame the brilliant sparkle of his blue eyes. His groomed mustache and tailored suit might have suggested he was an upstanding gentleman, but something about the curl of his lips in the almost sinister sneer he wore made Sybil uneasy. Raising her hand to her chest, Sybil curled her fingers tightly in the plush wool of her robe and held the overlapping hems closed over her chest. The darkened gaze of his eyes drifted slowly up and down her frame as the sneer on his lips softened. Removing his hat he bowed slightly before offering his hand, "I'm John Horner, John Henry Horner. I'm a uh associate of your father's." His voice was slow and almost friendly as she slowly began to extend her hand to his. She had never been intimidated by any man before, but something in the expression that played behind his smile made Sybil drop her hand and turn toward her father once more. "Thank you for bringing my father home Mr. Horner. I really should get him to bed," she nodded softly without looking back into his eyes. As she slid her father's arm over her shoulder and hoisted him from the chair pulling him to his feet, she half turned toward the man and lifted her chin, "I'd assume you can find your way out." 
After her first meeting with John Horner, Sybil was content to never see the man again. It wasn't until his visits to the ranch became more and more frequent that she probed her father about him. Benjamin had never let his wife nor daughter be concerned about the workings of the ranch or the cattle sales so it was a complete shock when he admitted to Sybil that Horner was now his partner. She had tried to pry into the association and why her father decided he needed a partner, especially one like John Horner. Sybil had known the sales had been suffering since his father's dependence on liquor seemed to cloud his judgment and sense of duty, but she could not understand what a man like John Horner could offer her father. The men's closed door meetings often including shouting matches and one or the other leaving in a huff, slamming doors behind them. Perhaps it was money Horner had invested into the cattle, she hadn't been sure but sometimes she could make out parts of the arguments and those parts were always about money. Over a year had passed with her father and Horner in partnership, his increased presence at the ranch did little to settle Sybil's doubts and worries about the man, especially after avoiding his attempts to romance her several times. Most women she knew her age were well married and already started on families by twenty-two, but after Sybil's years of caring for her dying mother and now her distraught, drunken father, those type of things were the furthest from her mind. The very attempt of John Horner to flirt and court her turned Sybil's stomach and hardened her heart against the man. From the first night they had met, Sybil had stuck to the feelings she had about him and stayed as far away from him as possible. 
Sybil shivered as the sobs of despair wracked her small frame. Pulling the warmth of the quilt over her shoulder, she lay curled in the softness of her father's bed. Her eyes welded closed behind tear swollen lids as the haunting sound of dirt hitting the wooden casket attacked her mind again. "Father," she stuttered through hiccup wracked sobs, inhaling deeply against the cold pillow still tainted with his smell. Even after two years of caring for and dealing the frailty of her mother before she finally passed, Sybil could not come to grips with the sudden death of her father. She often thought through the years of caring for her mother, she'd learned to deal with the impending grief of her mother's death over the course of the weakening of her fragile body. Also, she knew when the time came for her mother to leave them that she alone would have to be the one to care for her father. Watching his wife wither away from the beautiful woman he'd loved all his life had taken its toll on Benjamin Reed, but as she had done with her mother, Sybil was always there to take care of him. Who was going to take care of her now?

~*~ ~*~

My Dearest Sybil,
My dear sweet child, your father has failed you. Once I thought John Henry to be a suitable husband for my only child but only before I learned of his trickery. I will be heading out in the morning to New Orleans. I have mailed letters of account to your uncle there and will need to retrieve them to gain back the ranch and your future. My despair over losing your Mother led me to fail her final request of taking care of you. Now it is time I fulfill her request and make things right. Stay away from John Henry my dear child, for I fear his trickery knows no bounds. Should I fail at my attempt to regain ownership of the ranch, you must leave. I fear you will not be safe. You uncle has assured me you would be accepted well in New Orleans, but first for my own peace, I must try to undo the things I have done. Please, my daughter, forgive me. 
Benjamin

Tossing at the images of her father's casket in the ground being covered by unmerciful shovels full of earth and the haunting remembrance of his letter, Sybil sat up in the bed and stared into the darkness of the room. Night had long since fallen and the murmur of the staff and guests had disappeared leaving her sitting in the dark silence of the big house. Her father hadn't been gone a full day when the sheriff had arrived at the ranch with news of his death. John Henry stood solid at the news, unflinching as the lawman told the tale of the murder of his business partner. In the days leading to the funeral, he had attempted to console Sybil's heavy heart. She might have been grateful had she not found the letter her father had slipped under her pillow the morning he left. He hadn't even tried to comfort her once, she thought as her mind turned back to the mournful gathering in the parlor after her father's funeral. John Horner had stood perched against the mantel of the fireplace all evening sipping slowly on whatever liquor he'd found and eyed all the guests. The few times her eyes landed on him, the heated stare and the sinister sneer on his lips unsettled her. The last time she'd met the cold gaze, she'd snuck away from the crowd and disappeared into her father's bedroom. Though the sheriff had told her and everyone else that they had no clue to who her father's murderer could be, Sybil knew. She had slipped her father's letter into the sheriff's pocket the last time she had made her rounds checking on the guests, but there was no doubt in her mind he probably wouldn't find it until after leaving. That would give the law a place to start investigating and her plenty of time to do what she needed to do. The small tapestry bag slid silently from under the bed as she gently tugged on its strap. All she had to do now was get the money from her father's safe, saddle her horse and leave for her uncle's plantation in New Orleans. As she tucked the bottom of her shirt into the hem of her denim trousers, Sybil's eyes grew as a pool of light slithered under the door of her father's bedroom. She had assumed everyone had gone already, but maybe it was one of the staff just cleaning up. As the pool grew larger, the soft padding of footsteps filled her ears. Hoping it was just one of the ladies checking on her, Sybil kicked the bag back under the bed and quickly slipped back under the covers. Closing her eyes, the soft click of the door threatened to choke the very breath from her body. 
The mattress groaned beside her as some weight pressed down against it, Sybil tensed willing herself to stay still. The softness of a hand passed over her forehead lifting her hair from her face and shoulder as a hard sigh filled the room. "I know you aren't sleeping my darling, I heard you moving around in here." The sound of his voice sent chills down her spine almost as much as the slow petting passes of his hands in her hair did. "What do you want John," she managed to mutter slowly opening her eyes into the darkness. The soft candle light glowed behind him and she was almost thankful he'd left the candle on the dresser so that he couldn't see her face, nor her his. His body shifted on the mattress making the springs groan once more, wrinkling her nose against the strong smell of his aftershave Sybil shivered. "Now that your father is gone," he started with no tone of comfort in his voice, "I have come to claim what is mine." Feeling the heat of his hand slipping under the collar of her shirt and brush against the soft warmth of her neck, Sybil started upright in the bed holding the quilt tightly in front of her. "What do you mean claim what is yours?" Her voice was high pitched and trembling as she tried to distance herself from him sliding back against the head of the bed. The low wicked rumble of his laugh flooded her ears as he shifted again on the mattress beside her. "I've owned his share of the ranch since your father lost it to me in a card game two years ago, but now it's time to collect on his debt of letting you both still live here until his untimely departure." As all the rumors she'd heard over the past two years came flooding back to her, Sybil recalled the urgency in her father's letter about her leaving. Quickly slipping past him, she slid out of the bed and started toward the door. "Sybil," his deep voice teased as she pulled on the doorknob finding it unwilling to open, "don't fight it. Once we are married and you are mine, we will own the largest spread this side of the Texas border." The quickening of her heartbeat filled her ears and faded the soft thudding of his footsteps. As she pulled again on the knob and tried to wrench the door open, his hands dug into her shoulders and forcefully turned her around. "Now, now my darling," his voice oozed with a dark sinister tone as he pressed her back against the door and closed the gap between them pushing his body against hers. Before she could open her mouth to say anything, his mouth bit into hers in a hard fevered kiss as his hands quickly found the buttons of her shirt and ripped them apart. Fighting against the sting of his teeth scraping and pulling against her lips, Sybil found the lock bar of the door lifted it and raised her knee in a swift motion slamming it into his groin. The loud growl coming from him as his body stumbled away from hers gave her the chance to swing the door open and break free. 
As she turned the corner into the big dining room, his hand crept through the darkness and grabbed onto the loose, torn material of her shirt, pulling it down her arms. "Get away from me John," she screamed as she rounded the long, heavy mahogany table of her mothers. With a hard thud into her side forcing the air from her lungs, Sybil fell forward over the smooth coolness of the table. His hands grabbed her shoulders again, lifting her then slamming her hard back against the table top before his body pressed over the top of hers. Against the screaming squeak of the table's bad leg, he grunted hard, "I told your father years ago if he gave you to me he could keep the ranch. I didn't think I was going to have to kill the old bastard for it, but now the ranch and you are mine." A swift rough pull of the denim trousers raked relentlessly at her hips as he pulled the material down her thighs. Shoving his hand between their bodies fighting at the catch of his own pants, Sybil beat her fist into the side of his face screaming, "Murderer!" One lucky blow of her knuckles stopped his evil laughter and sent him off the side of the table. As Sybil jumped up off the table she heard the loud screech of the table's bad leg pierce the night air. A loud crash followed by his cry of agony rang out in the darkness. As she started toward the parlor, the moonlit glow in the house played on the etched glass of the large French doors. The hard pulling grip of his hand wrapping around her ankle sent her flying forward crashing through the door. A heated pain shot through her neck and face as the glass shattered and rained down around her. Sybil kicked away from his grasp, crawling into the parlor before returning with the shotgun her father always kept over the mantle. As the shimmering shards of glass crunched under her bare feet, she stood over him looking down the barrel of the gun. The darkness of his hair and the sweat on his bare chest glistened in the pale moonlight as he sat up beside the fallen table with his leg still penned under its weight. "You killed my father," she half snarled as she raised the gun, pressing the butt into the soft curve of her naked shoulder. Raising his hand and running it slowly through the tussled mess of his hair, the sinister sneer stretched over his face again as he looked up at her. "You wouldn't shoot me, now would you my darling," his voice oozed the fake tenderness as her finger squeezed the trigger. As the shotgun blast rang in her ears, Sybil lowered the gun watching the jerking of his body against the floor and gritted her teeth, "Don't call me darling."
~*~ ~*~
Sybil pulled the quilt up over her shoulder and jumped as the thunder crashed around the cabin. Hearing the muffled reverberation of the shot ring in her ears, startling her as the dream faded into the darkness of the cabin. Turning in the small bed she sighed at the restlessness of her sleep and glanced toward the window. She wasn't surprised to see it was still dark outside, with the storm that had blown in last night. She figured it would be darker at least an hour or so longer this morning. Pulling the quilt from the bed as she stood, Sybil wrapped its warmth tightly around her shoulders and shivered. Stuffing her feet into her slippers she shuffled toward the fireplace and added a small log to the top of the ashes. Staring out the window, she watched the slow fall of the snowflakes and sleet and thought maybe another six inches of snow had fallen during the night. Thankfully it looked as though the storm was moving on. As she lit the small stove and placed the coffee pot on the top, Sybil listened to the distant rumble of thunder and wondered what brought her dream on yet again and how real the shot had sounded. It had been six years since she'd lost her father, shot the bastard who killed him, and left the only home she had known, but still sometimes in her dreams she relived the horrors over and over again. Sybil sighed making her way back to the small window and pressed her forehead against the coldness of the glass. Shaking her head slowly trying to push the dream out of her head, her eyes fixed on the dark reflection of her face in the window. Fringes of her golden blond locks stuck tight against the moistened glass as the softness of her brown eyes traced over the darkened scar running from the corner of her eye down her cheek and slipping under the quilt covering of her neck. Raising her fingers slowly, she pressed the tips against the coarse texture of the scar and followed its path down her face and throat. He may not have made her his in the way he planned, but he had definitely left his mark. 
~*~ ~*~
As dawn began to break over the small farm's landscape, Sybil sighed softly over her coffee watching the shimmer of last night's sleet play along the frozen branches of the tree just outside the cabin window. She had thought of Jed and whether he'd been warm last night as the fire crackled against the quiet of the small cabin. A warm smile creased against the sleepiness of her face as she imaged him, slumped by the years panning relentlessly over some winding creek somewhere. He had been doing exactly that some six years ago when he'd found her bleeding, infected and near death. Jedediah Wilks had been the angel sent to save her that warm summer morning. She had ridden so long getting as far away from John Henry Horner as fast as she could. The pain in her body along with the memories of the horrors pushed her to stretch her mare to its limits. Running not only from John Henry, but also from the realization she had shot and killed an upstanding man of society, Sybil knew a posse would be short on her heels. The darkness of night hung heavy on her fevered, weary body as the mare finally collapsed under the strain of their getaway. Crawling, pulling her leg from under the heaving body of the exhausted mare, Sybil had reached the edge of the creek and tried to sip the coolness of the water before collapsing herself. 
The sun shimmered brightly along the bubbling stream of the clear mountain creek running lazily over the rocks. Jedediah dipped his worn handkerchief into the coolness of the creek before running it slowly over the worn wrinkles of his forehead. The stumbling of hooves beside him on the loose stones of the creek bed found him wheeling around, his rifle pointed squarely on the exhausted eyes of the large black mare. "Good Heavens," he exclaimed quietly as he rose, lowering his weapon and began a slow approach toward the animal, "You look dead on your feet." As the mare snorted her unintelligible reply and lowered her head to the stream, Jed washed the coolness of his handkerchief over the back of his neck and scanned the area. The mare, though winded and worn, had been well dressed. An expensive looking saddle crowned the large regal beast's back with a small tapestry bag loosely dangling from the confines of the saddle straps. His pale blue eyes still scanning the open area around him, Jed patted the mare as she seemed to have her fill of the water. A deep worry began to claw at his chest as he traced over the dark colors of the tapestry bag. Somewhere out there is a woman, who this horse belongs to he thought quietly, lifting his bedroll and bag from the rocks before tossing them in the back of his small wagon. He had been looking forward to getting back home, but now with the surprise of the abandoned horse and the worry of its possible owner, Jed staked his mule to a nearby tree and turned back toward the mare. Starting off down the creek edge, Jed smiled as the gentle nudge shoved him forward. Turning back to find the large black mare following him, Jed laughed softly. "If you'd lead the way, this would go much faster," he joked at the beast, a bit taken back as the animal seemed to comply and walked in front of him. Looking back at his mule and wagon, Jed's worries grew immensely as the creek curved. This was no place for a woman to be traveling alone, his mind muttered before the soft neighing of the mare ahead of him broke his train of thought. The beast pawed at the loose stones of the creek edge, shaking its head vigorously as it neighed into the warm morning breeze. Looking past the large mare, Jed focused his eyes on a crumpled, twisted mess of dark clothing lying half in the shallow slope of the creek bank. Steadying his nerves as he approached the unmoving mass of darkness, Jed cocked back on his rifle before pushing the end of the barrel into the lump of clothing. A low, almost inaudible moan floated up into the breeze and squeezed his heart. "Lady, lady," he called lowly as he stooped bending toward the mess of clothing. His heart leapt again as a small, wary voice pleaded, "Please.. please help me." "Dear Lord," he almost yelled as he pressed against the soaked cloth and watched the blood-soaked blond hair fall from the beaten, broken face of a young girl. 
Sybil fought for days against the fleeting images of her father, shooting John Henry, being surrounded by Indians and violent sickness. In the heat of her dreams, nightmares and memories, a soft chanting and the strong but soothing smell of sage and sandalwood soothed the fevered sickness. Opening her weary eyes, Sybil focused against the darkness and smoke finding a caring gaze in the face of an ancient looking Indian woman. "Ssshhh, easy now. You've been sick for a very long time," the softness of a woman's voice drifted through the heat and smoke of the darkened room. Turning her head slowly toward the voice, Sybil saw the deep brown, gentle eyes of a woman staring back at her as a soft pressure caressed over the length of her cheek. She seemed like a dream as the hazy image in the smoke filled room seemed to shimmer around her. The heavy accent tinted her words though Sybil thought she spoke English very well. "I am Little Feather," the beautiful Indian woman continued, lifting her eyes and hand over Sybil toward the ancient but soft face of the older woman, "This is my mother Morning Dove." Sybil blinked slowly taking in the soft features of both the women's faces she'd thought were images in some sort of dream. The brightness of the sunlight pierced the darkened room as the one called Little Feather turned and lifted a flap calling for other's to come. "She is awake," the soft concern of a gentleman's voice questioned as Sybil narrowed her eyes against the light. Watching the bent, limping approach of the man, she shook herself trying to awaken from the dream she must have been having. 
Sybil grew close to Little Feather, the eldest daughter of the old Kiowa medicine man, Running Buck, and his wife. The small 'tribe' as Jed so loving called them had taken up residence on the furthest part of his small spread. While she had always been taught to be cautious around Indians, the fact that Jed thought so highly of them eased her mind. The small 'tribe' had been a small family that Jed had known for years. The medicine man and his wife Morning Dove, along with their two daughters Little Feather and Dancing Moon, one son in law White Eagle and a small child shared Jed's small farmland. As Sybil regained her strength and moved into the cabin of the old farmer, her relationship with Little Feather grew. White Eagle had often worked around the town helping people with their farms or tracking for the sheriff. Running Buck and his wife Morning Dove were often called upon by the town's doctor when 'modern' medicines didn't quite heal as they should. Little Feather and Dancing Moon often made and traded skins, coats, blankets and moccasins with the town's folks while tending to the raising of Little Feather and White Eagle's young son. Jed was a wily sort of fellow. After she recovered and moved into his small cabin, he left on one of many of his panning trips leaving her in the watchful care of his Indian friends. Though she had been heading toward her uncle's place in New Orleans, the growing friendship with Little Feather and the love she found in the company of the old man and the Kiowa family comforted Sybil and had her decided to stay with them. 
Little Feather was at least ten years older than Sybil, but they became the best of friends. While Dancing Moon was still young and not yet married, the two women often teased her over the longing looks she'd share with the grocer's young son Daniel. Daniel had taken over the deliveries from his father when people outside of town placed orders. The young man always made the last delivery to the farm so he could linger, help White Eagle with things around the farm and spend time with Dancing Moon. When the budding courtship first begun, Sybil and Little Feather often spoke with White Eagle about the possibility of it growing into something more than the harmless courtship. White Eagle well knew the necessity of the old ways changing and after a long while had deemed Daniel a suitable husband for his sister in law. Running Buck on the other hand took longer to convince that the white son of a grocer would love and provide for his youngest daughter if the courtship grew into a relationship. The laughter and happiness of the two young lovers pulled heavy at Sybil's heart. She had missed the years of her youth caring for her frail mother, then for her father. Being twenty-three hadn't made her too old to find love, but often when she'd hold the young son of Little Feather and White Eagle, Sybil wondered if she'd ever have that kind of love or children of her own.  
In the six years since her father's murder, Sybil had come to love the older man almost as much as she did her father. Little Feather and Dancing Moon became the sisters she had never had. After Jed had saved her, nursed her back to health and moved her into his old cabin, she continued to live on with him. Over the years of the unlikely couple sharing the stories of their separate lives, Jed more so than Sybil, always fretted over the old Indian medicines leaving her face and neck scarred so badly. One evening of the makeshift family celebrating the birth of Little Feather's second child, White Eagle had assured Sybil her scar was a symbol of her strength and should never be looked at as a mark of shame. After one of his famous panning trips, Jed had returned to the small farm with news of the man Sybil was sure she had killed. John Henry had been severely injured but luckily for him the darkness and the heavy mahogany table took most of the damage from the shot. The story was told that due to a letter in the local sheriff's possession and proof of his misdealing obtained from a man in New Orleans, John Henry Horner had been arraigned for the murder of the area's largest landowner. Though his own social status swayed the judge to forego the verdict of hanging, John Horner had been sentenced to an Oklahoma prison for the rest of his life. 
A deep seeded hate filled her at the news, but also a relief that she hadn't actually murdered a man gave her hope at some semblance of a normal life. Though she had taken her mother's maiden name and portrayed herself as Sybil Delacroix, the dark fear of being found out some day haunted her relentlessly. There were no lawman looking for her if she hadn't actually murdered him and in that idea she found a peace within herself and oddly even with the long rugged scar that marked the event forever in her life. Sybil knew she still owned the ranch and struggled over the decisions left to her. Often she thought of returning to her childhood home and resuming with the cattle business her father had left behind. Her family was here now, she reminded herself, remembering the devastating loss of both her mother and father. She had long discussions with White Eagle and Little Feather. She had told them of her lack of desire to return to her father's ranch and offered it to them to run and live on. It wasn't much of a surprise when they turned down the offer. She too felt that she was at home on the small farm amongst the people she loved as dear as family. While they refused to let her sign the land over to them, they had decided that a few trips to work the big ranch could be possible. On a short trip to New Orleans, Sybil and her uncle made arrangements for the ranch before she returned home, to the small farm. 
Even though his love for the young woman couldn't keep him away from the temptation of gold panning, Jed had always returned to the cabin every few months to check up on her. The warm smile creased her lips again as she remembered Jed's gift to her the previous Christmas. Somehow he always managed to come home for Christmas. His gift of the deed to the farm just the year before had endeared her to the man, even after her protests of him giving away all that he owned. "I'm not going to live forever and you are the daughter I never had," his soft wrinkled smile insisted. The memory of their last Christmas warmed Sybil but not nearly as much as knowing that with tomorrow being Christmas, Jed would be home soon. 
The sudden low warning of the dog's growl shook Sybil from her memories as she turned in the chair focusing on the raised ridge along the spine of the black and white bird dog named Bird. The hunting dog that had once accompanied Jed on so many of his panning trips had begun to feel her age over the years and began staying at the farm with Sybil when Jed would leave on another adventure. Quickly but quietly, Sybil reached for the rifle standing in the corner behind the door and glanced back to the warning stance of the old dog. "What is it Bird," she asked the animal as she cocked the rifle and reached for the door. Swinging the door open wide, Sybil aimed the rifle chest height and stepped through the doorway pressing the end of the barrel against the thickness of a man's chest. Laughter rang out as his heavy bags thudded against the porch and his hands flew up in the air, "Don't shoot Honeybee, it's just me." "Jed," she squealed as she steadied the rifle and stood it against the old wooden chair beside the door. Wrapping her arms around him in a tight hug, Sybil sighed softly against his shoulder before stooping to lift his bags. "I'm so glad you're home. I wasn't expecting you so early. How did the Pup do? Did you have any luck?" The questions poured out of her as she ushered the old man into the warmth of the cabin. Watching the limping old frame as he moved past her filling his coffee cup, Sybil smiled as Jed settled into the old worn deer hide chair in front of the fireplace. As the early morning sun rose and filled the small cabin with its warmth and light, the two talked of Jed's recent travels and small discoveries. "I think I might be getting too old for all this Honeybee," Jed sighed, his soft crystal blue eyes dancing in the flickering flame of the fireplace. "The last two weeks, these old knees have done their work on me," he continued bringing his proud but loving gaze toward Sybil, "I did manage to find you something though." Pointing at a dark wrap of cloth near the door, Jed sipped slowly on his coffee watching Sybil rise and grab the satchel. "Merry Christmas Honeybee," he exhaled slowly into the steam of his coffee cup as Sybil unwrapped the cloth finding several small bundles of wrapped saplings. Eyeing the damp wetness of the root bundles, Sybil smiled. She wasn't as wise to plants as Jed was but she recalled a conversation they had the past summer about how much she loved to plant flowers. "It's rare to find roses like that in the dead of winter. They will take some love and care, but I thought you might like to plant some around this old place." "Oh Jed," Sybil smiled and reached to hug the old man, "I know they will be beautiful. Thank you!" Sybil prepared a large breakfast as Jed unwrapped the thick woolen coat and brightly patched quilt Sybil had made him for Christmas. After their long quiet meal, Jed excused himself to the small room they had added to the barn as his sleeping quarters. Watching him walk out to the barn, Sybil gathered up his pile of dirty clothing and turned back into the cabin smiling. It was good to have him home. 
Sybil milled around the barn humming a soft tune as the happiness of Jed's return home drowned out the uneasiness of her latest dream. She had longed to talk with Little Feather about the dream as she usually did, but until Jed showed up, she had been completely alone on the small farm. As they had done the previous year, the Kiowa family had made the trip to the ranch shortly after Thanksgiving leaving Sybil on the farm by herself. With all the animals taken care of, Sybil knocked softly on the door of Jed's room. "Jed, you awake," she called lowly not wanting to disturb him if he were still asleep. Smiling at the softness of his voice floating under the door, she walked in carrying the pail of milk. "Oh nice, fresh milk, that's just want I wanted," the sly old man smiled and dipped his cup into the pail. Sybil laughed and watched the gentle features of his face twist into the young playful tones she saw many times before. Though he claimed he couldn't remember his age, Sybil figured he was near sixty or that the years of hard work and panning had aged him beyond his years. She never doubted he would have been a handful when he was younger and loved the days when his old aching body let him remember those days. He had always acted like he was sneaking a treat when she'd visit him after milking the cow, but Sybil always made it a point to 'stop by' with the fresh milk when he was home. "I'm going into town shortly, did you want to join me and maybe stop by and see Robert," Sybil questioned as she watched his brow wrinkle and his smile fade. "Jed," she started again against the loud sigh his shoulders sank under, "he's your son. Of course he couldn't understand why you signed the farm over to me. I didn't myself, but he's ok with all that now." "That boy made his own life," the old man snorted and crossed his arms over his chest with a huff, "The city is my home, that's what he said. He wanted it and he got it." Sybil sighed shaking her head softly as she lowered beside the pouting old man on his small bed. "He's still your son Jed and he loves you as much as you love him. You both just need to stop being so stubborn!" She knew there had always been uneasiness between the man and his son. From Robert's stories, Sybil knew it had all started when Jed's wife Martha had passed from pneumonia. Though they still talked sporadically, the two never shared the closeness Sybil thought a father and son should. Ignoring the old man's pouting act, Sybil finished telling him her plans for the day before heading toward the door. "Honeybee," the old man called quietly behind her, "could you bring him that box for me?" Spotting the small plain wrapped box on the table, Sybil ran her finger over the crude twine tie and smiled as she agreed. 
It was near noon as she rode into town placing her delivery order before making her way to Robert's office. "Robert Wilks - Attorney at Law" Sybil smiled as she read the sign making her way into the warmth of the building. "Sybil," his deep voice rang out as he stepped through a doorway and made his way to her. Wrapping his arms around her tightly, he pressed a soft kiss to her cheek and whispered, "Merry Christmas." The man still made her shiver even after two years. The warmth of his lips so near her scar tingled as she pulled back staring into the smiling ice blue eyes that matched his father's. "Merry Christmas to you too Robert, it's so good to see you. I meant to get into town earlier but I've just been so busy. Your father is home you know? You should come have a Christmas supper with us this evening." Sybil leaned back into the warmth of his arms still wrapped lightly around her waist. Even through the thickness of her coat, she thought she could feel the heat of his hands pressing against her skin. The soft smile on his lips as he raised a hand and brushed her hair over her shoulder reminded her of so many evenings before. Sybil steeled her nerves using every ounce of her will to not lean forward and feel the softness of his kiss on her lips once more. After Jed had found Sybil and nursed her back to health, he had introduced her to Robert on one of their first trips into town. Back then he had only been a law clerk to the old lawyer, but Sybil knew that he'd be the one in charge someday. Robert had only been the second man, other than his father Jed, who didn't look at her like monster with the hideous scar across her face. During their short courtship, he would often press soft kisses along the ragged mark and tell Sybil that it only enhanced her true beauty. She recalled the countless evenings his hands and lips wrapped around her forcing out her long suppressed feelings of wanting to be with a man. Last year when he had finished his schooling and announce he was to marry Jane Summerall broke Sybil's heart, as well at Jed's. She had fallen for the handsome up and coming lawyer and son of the man who saved her but more so Jed had his own hopes for the two. Everyone in town, including Sybil knew he had only agreed to marry Jane under the promise of her father turning over the law practice to Robert. Though she mourned the loss of the love and romance that had been growing between the two, Sybil watched Robert's decision break his father's heart over and over again. 
As the two, almost reluctantly, separated Sybil pulled the small plainly wrapped box from her satchel as Robert continued his explanation of his own plans for the holiday. She knew Robert and Jane spent every holiday with her father, whose home was a full day's ride from town. Silently she had hoped one year Robert would return home to his own father and to her. "Jed asked me to give you this," she muttered as she slipped the box into Robert's hands. Watching him turn the small package over and over again before settling in his chair, Sybil sat in the smaller upholstered chair across the large finely polished desk. "Sybil," the softness of his voice almost a whisper as he tugged slowly at the twine, "do you ever wonder what could have happened?" Brushing her fingers across her cheek pushing the long locks of her golden blonde hair behind her ear, Sybil sighed watching the lowered eyes of the man she had imaged so many times spending her life with. "Jane is a beautiful woman Robert," Sybil muttered avoiding the question and lowered her eyes to the silver frame slipping out of the box. A low mournful groan brought her gaze back up to Robert's face as he traced his finger slowly over the picture. Sybil stood and made her way slowly around the desk, glancing down at the picture before pressing her palm over his shoulder. A soft smile pressed her lips at the image of a beautiful and happy family in the photograph. Feeling the shake of a stutter in his shoulder, Sybil leaned down hugging Robert tightly before whispering against his ear, "Y'all looked so happy."
As she waved her goodbyes to Robert and headed back toward the farm, Sybil slumped low in the saddle at the slow steady gait of her mare. The smiling faces in the old photograph seemed to be etched in her mind as she thought over the chance she had missed with Robert. She would be twenty-nine soon, she thought as the images of her, a man and a child haunted her mind. Slow tears burned against the coldness of her cheeks as she rode silently mourning a family she'd never have. Yelps and growls ahead of her path snapped her from her solemn thoughts as she rounded a curve in the trail. Narrowing her eyes against the peaks of sunlight filtering through the trees, Sybil pressed her fingers over her brow and focused on the sight of Bird poised, ridge raised and staring into a clump of boulders. Bird had always followed her into town and often stayed behind frolicking in the woods while Sybil attended her business. She had heard the lonesome wail of wolves earlier that morning. They had been frequenting the area lately, but thankfully there had been no reports of attacks. As her mare drew nearer, Sybil unstrapped the rifle from her horse's side and slowly slid out of the saddle. "Bird," she whispered as she tiptoed toward the old hound. Before the breath fully left her lips the old bird dog lunged toward the pile of boulders, a loud yelp followed by the flash of grey fur barreling toward her sent Sybil reeling backwards. The wolf leapt over Sybil as the shot fired into the darkness of the trees. Whispering a silent prayer of thanks, Sybil rolled to her stomach and watched the wild animal disappear into the woods. As she pushed herself to her hands and knees in the wet snow, Bird's lonesome howl prickled the small hairs at the back of her neck. Knowing the wolves rarely travelled alone, Sybil quickly spun on her knees, rifle at the ready and stared toward the wagging tail of the old bird dog just behind one of the large rocks. Straining her ears against the silence listening for any tell of more wolves, Sybil stood slowly keeping her eye on the rear of the dog. "Bird, come," she commanded lowly keeping her rifle aimed at the pile of boulders. The old mama dog ran to her with tail wagging and tongue hanging out in a delighted grin nudging its head against Sybil's knee before trotting back behind the large boulder. Sybil crept slowly toward the old bird dog, knowing if another wolf were behind the boulders the dog's greeting wouldn't have been so friendly. Lowering the barrel over the top of the dog's head, Sybil stepped widely around the first large boulder and fixed her eyes on the small dark hollow between the rocks. Small miniature caves like this one were a common occurrence in the woods, many times the small makeshift caves created by the settling of the large boulders from the mountain tops were the home of smaller critters like rabbits, badgers and skunks. Sybil's nose wrinkled at the last thought, sniffing lightly against the low breeze silently hoping Bird hadn't found and agitated yet another skunk burrow. Sybil leaned closer narrowing her eyes peering into the darkness of the small burrow as a low, soft sound floated to her ears. 
The muffled sound seemed to float in the cool darkness of the burrow as Sybil's eyes traced over a lump of darkness pressed into the back corner of the makeshift cave. Inhaling deeply but quietly, Sybil tried to pick of the scent of any animal that may have made the small burrow its shelter. Bending to her knees, Sybil crawled cautiously closer to the ragged opening of the burrow. Her breath knotted in the back of her throat as the soft murmur of sound floated up again. Steeling her nerves as the darkness of the lump moved, Sybil pushed her palm into the small drift of snow at the opening of the burrow and widened the hole. Again the sound tested her nerves as she reached carefully into the dimness of the burrow and wrapped her fingers around a thick, wet strap. As she pulled the light mass of dark canvas toward the opening of the burrow, Sybil's eyes widened and her words choked in her throat. "Oh God," she exhaled barely a breath as a small blue hand spilled from the folds of the material. Sliding her other hand under the mass of dark, frozen materials, Sybil carefully angled the lump through the small burrow's opening. Pulling the damp frozen leather of a satchel from around the tattered and twisted wool blanket, Sybil unfolded the clump of materials tracing her eyes over a bundle of light pink wool embroidered with a flower and the single word Rose. The soft low and desperate murmur rattled in her hands as the pink bundle moved slowly. Pulling at the thin wet material, tears stung Sybil's eyes finding the small, lightly blued body of a child. 
"Jed! Jed," she screamed as the mare's hooves thundered their approach to the cabin. "Jed come quick," Sybil's voice broken and shaky as she slid off the saddle wrapping her arms around the large satchel hanging from her neck. "What is it Honeybee," the old man's voice full of worry followed by the dragging of his bum stagger as he tried to keep pace with the long strides Sybil set running into the warmth of the cabin. Closing the door behind him as his heart pounded in his chest, Jed turned to find Sybil's shocked, tear stained face looking up at him over a soaked bundle on her bed. "Good Lord Jed, it's a baby," she cried as she unwrapped the wet blankets from around the small lightly blue skin of a small child. Quickly snatching the quilt from her bed wrapping it around the child, Sybil looked to Jed with fear and worry in her eyes. "She's so cold Jed, so tiny and so cold," Sybil continued to sob as she pulled the bundle of quilt to her chest and headed toward the fireplace. "What? How? Where did you find her," the confusion in his voice asked as he added another two logs to the fireplace and poked moving them around into the flames. Sybil rocked in the chair slowly, rubbing her hand over the quilt trying to warm the child. "She was tucked in a hollow Jed, inside that satchel," Sybil nodded her head toward the soaked satchel that had fallen to the floor near the bed, "she won't open her eyes." As the heavy tears streamed down Sybil's cheeks, she kept up the slow gentle warming of her hands over the child's wrapped body and rocked her softly. "I'll fetch the Doc. Come on Bird," Jed hollered as he disappeared out the door. "Dear Lord," Sybil whispered softly as she traced her fingers over the small cold features of the child's face, "please take care of her."

Chapter Two

"Jed, look," Sybil whispered as she scrambled the eggs and poured them into the hot skillet. His soft hum and the creak of the rocking chair as he turned distracted the young girl sending her landing flat on her bottom. As he opened his mouth to ask what he was supposed to be looking at, the child raised her hands again, wrapping her small fingers into the plush quilt and pulled herself standing on her chubby wobbling legs. "Oh my goodness," he exclaimed softly as he stood and slowly made his way to the side of Sybil's bed, "she's so strong!" Lifting her into his arms, the happiness seemed to play amongst the wrinkles of his old face. As he settled back down into the rocking chair, the child cooed and reached for the soggy canned pear Jed teased in front of her. Sybil laughed and shook her head. Rose was getting strong and was so healthy, something Sybil had feared would never happen the day she found little Rose near frozen in that old burrow. The last nine months the child had grown so much. Robert and the sheriff had searched the woods and neighboring towns looking for the young girl's parents with no luck. When the sheriff had suggested sending the child to an orphanage last month, Robert had made a strong case over why she should stay with Sybil. Of course it had made sense that if the child's parents were to return and look for her the girl should stay in the area, but more than that Robert had seen the effect the child had on the woman he truly loved. Since the child's arrival, through the sickness of the cold and the plight to find the child's parents, Jed never left the farm and Robert had come to visit nearly every day. The relationship between the men had softened and they grew closer than Sybil had ever seen them before. The sense of loneliness and longing she felt after Robert married Jane had also been replaced by the love she felt growing for the young child. It wasn't the idea she'd always had before, but for once since her father's death, Sybil felt like she had a family of her own. 
Sybil rocked slowly in the old chair, the warm breeze lifting the ends of the material from her lap as she sewed, quietly watching the young girl crawl over the lazy body of the old bird dog. "There," she said proudly shaking the material in her hands holding it up toward the dog and child. "What do you think Rose," Sybil laughed as the baby crawled toward her and pulled up on the denim leg of Sybil's pants. The child's short trusses of coal black hair framed the innocent delight in her sparkling emerald green eyes as she reached her tiny fingers toward Sybil. Lifting the girl into her lap, Sybil kissed her forehead softly and spread the thin quilt top over the girl's legs. The child laughed and giggled fanning the material in front of her while Sybil traced the stitching around the smaller blanket she'd sewn into the middle of the quilt. Taking the baby's fingers in her hand, Sybil smoothed the child's touch over the small embroidered rose in the middle of the slightly browned cloth. Laying her cheek against the little girls soft dark trusses of black hair, Sybil smiled, "Someone loved you so much Rose. This flower took a long time to sew. You were so tiny and frail when I found you wrapped in this," her words trailed off as she watched Jed and Robert appear from inside the barn. "I love you baby Rose," she whispered and pressed a kiss into the softness of the child's hair. As the men stepped up onto the porch, Sybil passed Rose to Jed as she stood and gave him her seat in the rocking chair. Smiling softly as Robert draped his arm over her shoulder, Sybil watched the light of happiness shine in the old man's face. Realizing she had leaned against Robert and slipped her arm around his waist, Sybil cleared her throat softly, "I guess I better fix you two men something to eat." Laughing softly as she walked back into the cabin, Sybil's eyes lowered to watch her feet. Her thoughts and her dreams lately turned not only to the happiness and love she had for baby Rose, but also to the unsettling warmth that had been growing between her and Robert once again. Before she had grown to love Rose so much, Sybil had spoken to Robert about the possibility of him and Jane adopting the girl. She knew well from Jed's story a few months earlier that Jane didn't want children of her own and how bad it had affected Robert when he found out. As thankful now as she was that Jane had turned her nose up at the idea of caring for the abandoned child, Sybil often thought how good a father Robert would be to Rose. Her mind returned to images of herself, Robert and Rose loving and growing as a family. Sybil smiled feeling the warmth of his arm still tingling against her shoulders. Shaking her head softly as she carved into the ham she'd cooked for supper, Sybil sighed. "He's married though Bird," she mumbled the reminder to the old bird dog as she dropped a thin sliver of ham to the happily waiting animal at her feet. Shaking the thoughts from her head, Sybil returned back to the chore of preparing supper. 
Sybil stood over the crib Jed and Robert had built for Rose, a soft smile playing on her lips as Jed kissed the child and bid her goodnight. Though the day she found Rose seemed so familiar, Sybil couldn't think of a time she hadn't seen and felt the true happiness that surrounded her small makeshift family. Even the weariness that Jed once wore so heavily had seemed to have disappeared as the young child grew. Pulling the quilt up over the small sleeping child, Sybil sighed softly, "Good night my little Texas Rose." Making her way out onto the porch with her cup of coffee, Sybil startled to find Robert still sitting in the old rocking chair. "Oh," she laughed trying to shake the tension that gripped her shoulders, "I thought you left a long time ago." The fading light of the sunset played over the soft smile on Robert's face as he stood and stepped toward Sybil. Tracing her eyes over the soft brown waves of his combed hair, she smiled softly feeling his hands fall on her shoulders. The same boyishness she had seen in his father's eyes so many times before played in the cool blue pools of Robert's eyes as he leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to her forehead. "I have something for you," he spoke softly, squeezing lightly against her shoulders before letting his hands drop. Trying to steady her breathing and swallowing hard against the lump in her throat, Sybil watched the soft play of the muscles of his back tighten the shirt as he walked toward his saddled horse. The memories of those muscles under the softness of her hands raising a warming flush over her skin, Sybil folded her hands together wringing her fingers slowly against the thoughts playing in her mind. Sybil slowed the gentle wringing of her hands as Robert stepped back on the porch and held a folded piece of paper toward her. "I had a talk with Judge Hawthorne yesterday," he smiled softly as she took the paper and unfolded it, reading slowly. "Oh my Lord," she whispered still scanning her soft brown eyes over the letter, "Robert, is this for real?" Stepping toward her once again wrapping the softness of his palms over her shoulders, Robert smiled and nodded slowly. "If no parental claims of the child are made by Christmas, the one year standard wait will have been concluded and you can file to adopt Rose yourself," his voice low and soft as the tears began to fall over the length of her lashes. She had grown to love the little girl as her own and now that the possibility of it actually being true settled on her, Sybil trembled with happiness. Looking up at him, the happiness of the warm tears streaked down her cheeks and the sob caught in the back of her throat as he pressed his lips to hers. Slipping his hands down her shoulders and wrapping them around her waist, Robert pulled her body against his as his breath feathered between their lips. With the joy of the news and the sweetness of his breath on her lips, Sybil melted into the warmth of his arms for a moment. She had often longed to be in his arms again, dreamed of them raising Rose as husband and wife. Husband, the word shattered her heart as she realized he was already someone else's husband. Pressing her hands into his chest and pushing him away, Sybil stepped away, holding tight to the letter. "What are you doing," she sobbed as he tried to pull her back to him. Watching the happiness on her face transform into confusion and hurt, Robert lowered his head and stepped back. Pain twisted the soft features of his face. He had always loved her, but he had made his decision two years ago. "Sybil," his voice low as he backed down the steps, stepping into the stirrup of his horse's saddle and swinging his leg over, Robert raised the sadness of his blue eyes to her, "I'm sorry." 
~*~ ~*~
"Mama, Bird," the girl laughed as she wobbled to the old bird dog and hugged her tightly. Sybil smiled looking up from the heifer's utters, "Yes Rose, that's Bird." She had grown so much in the past two months, walking more often and speaking her first words as the crispness of fall wrapped around Sybil's small family. She remembered the first time Rose looked into her eyes and called her Mama. The love that filled Sybil's heart was something she had never felt before.  Though the thought that it wasn't right for Rose to call her Mama tore at her, Jed made it a point to call Sybil 'Mama' when talking to Rose. In the way he had always done before, Jed assured her it was proper and reminded her that in less than two months the child's assumption could be permanently correct. While the happiness and anticipation to file for Rose's adoption filled most of Sybil's days, the longing for Robert tortured her nights. He hadn't been back to the farm even once in the past two months. Often he'd send gifts for Rose back with Jed when he would venture into town for supplies, but not once did he show up himself. Several times arguing the point of his marriage to Jed, Sybil found herself quietly yearning for him to return anyways. "Pa," the toddler's laughter and voice broke Sybil's silent thoughts as she looked up seeing Jed come into the barn. "There's my little Texas Rose," he groaned slightly as he bend and raised the child, propping her on his hip as he limped toward Sybil. "How's that cough," Sybil questioned as she stood and placed the bucket of warm milk on the crude wooden table across from the stall. The deep chested cough that had settled on Jed with the first chill of winter worried Sybil to the point of making him visit to the doctor in town. After his assurance it was only the cold most folks around town had also gotten, the doctor told Jed and Sybil he would be fine. "Oh it's nothing," he huffed as he tickled Rose and laughed as she wiggled and squirmed out of his arms. Running to Sybil she wrapped her little arms around her legs and demanded, "Mama, up!" They both smiled as Sybil lifted the girl in her arms and kissed her nose before grabbing the bucket of milk and heading toward the cabin. "I'm going into town. I have two girls to get presents for," Jed smiled as he pulled the mule and wagon from the barn. The doctor had confirmed Rose had been just a bit over two years old when Sybil found her. Without knowing exactly when she was born, Sybil and Jed decided they'd celebrate Rose's birthday on Thanksgiving like they had for Sybil's each year. "You two get on inside, looks like we might have an early snow this year," Jed waved as he pulled the wagon away from the house. "Bye Pa," the soft sweet voice of the little girl called as they waved back at him, Sybil pulled the little jacket tighter around Rose's shoulders and smiled.
Sybil pushed open the door to the small room Jed, Robert and a couple of guys from town had added on to the cabin for her and Rose during the summer. Shivering softly as the coolness pressed against her shoulder, Sybil pulled the light shawl over her shoulders and made her way to the small fireplace. Gently placing a small stack of wood in the stone fireplace, Sybil smiled hearing the soft unsure footsteps of Rose coming up behind her. "Hot," she said as the toddler wrapped her arms around Sybil's legs and watch the fire grow and engulf the small pile of wood. "Hot, Mama, Hot," Rose's soft angelic voice repeated as Sybil scooped her into her arms and walked toward the small window, "Looks like Pa was right again Rose, look at the snow." Sybil snuggled the child close and pointed out the window at the gently falling flakes. "Honeybee," Jed's voice rang out from behind the bedroom door. "Pa," Rose exclaimed and fidgeted in Sybil's arms as they crossed the small room and walked back into the cabin, closing the door behind them. The bright red hue of coldness pressed against the dark tanned tone of his old rugged face as Jed shook the light dusting of flakes from his jacket and wrapped it over the back of the rocking chair. "I was getting worried," Sybil mumbled as she put Rose down and reached for a mug to fix Jed some hot coffee. The shuffle and loud stomp of boots on the porch raised Sybil's gaze to the door as Jed laughed softly, "We have company." Sybil spilled some of the coffee on her hand wincing at the heated liquid as the playful grin playing on Jed's wrinkled face amused her. "Well it's a good thing I cooked a big pot of stew then isn't it," Sybil joked as she placed the cup of coffee on the table in front of Jed and the door swung open. The jovial smile played on her lips as she focused on the pile of brightly colored gifts before raising her gaze to the face of the man carrying them. "Robert," she muttered as her heart leapt into her throat and her eyes caressed over the soft brown curls framing the warmth of his icy blue eyes. Lowering his eyes as he stepped inside and pushed the door closed with his foot, Robert set the gifts down in the chair and reached for Rose who had made her wobbly way to him. Smiling briefly at Sybil before wrapping his arms around the little girl they all adored so much, Robert pressed a soft kiss on the toddler's forehead. "I hope it's ok," he started slowly as he gazed back toward Sybil, "I just didn't want to miss her birthday or yours." His voice lowered as his words faded off. Sybil inhaled deeply before watching the little girl tug at the man's curls. Soft laughter crinkled her lips into a smile realizing how much Rose loved Robert. "Of course," she nodded and smiled softly, "Rose loves you very much and I know she's glad you are here. So am I." 
Sybil smiled and combed her fingers through the soft curls of the little girl's hair. Almost down to her shoulders she thought quietly as she watched the face of the sleeping child. Tiptoeing silently toward the dresser, Sybil folded the new clothes Rose had gotten for her birthday and thought about how much she had grown. The soft knock and creak of the bedroom door pulled her from her thoughts as she turned and watched Robert slip his head around the door. "Sybil," he whispered before she pressed her finger to her lips and shushed him quietly. Closing the door quietly behind her as she walked into the kitchen, Sybil smiled and turned toward Robert. "Thank you so much for all the clothes. She's getting so big so fast, I can barely keep up with the mending," she laughed softly. The soft light of the gas lamp and fire played in the glimmer of his blue eyes as he smiled and stepped closer. "She is getting big. You have made her so healthy and happy," his voice continued lowly as he pulled a small box from behind his back. "I got you something for your birthday too," he whispered, the smile on his face growing soft as he raised his hand and caressed slowly over her cheek. Taking a small step back, Sybil lowered her face away from the warmth of his fingers and murmured, "Robert, I -." "Sshh, just open it," he interrupted softly and lifted the lid on the small wooden box in her hands. Sybil fidgeted with the corner of the paper for a moment as she exhaled and raised her eyes back to the soft stare of his. "I'm sorry. Thank you Robert," she muttered and pulled the paper from the box. The box itself was beautiful, handcrafted she was sure as the soft lines of the etched rose on the cover showed someone had really taken their time making it. "Read it," he whispered as he slipped his fingers over hers before taking the box and putting it on the table beside them. Sybil forced a soft smile toward him again as she unfolded the letter and started to read it. 
Confusion, hope, fear and sadness washed over her as she read the letter, soft tears rolled down her cheeks as she looked up into the softness of his icy blue eyes. "I don't understand Robert. Why did you give me this? Why is she divorcing you? I.. I," she trailed off as the mix of emotions choked her into sobs. The warmth of his body and arms crept into her skin as he pulled her close pressing her against his chest as she cried softly. The weight of his chin pressed against the top of her head as his hands smoothed over the curve of her shoulders. "She told her father she couldn't be married to a man who loved someone else," he whispered into the thickness of her blond hair and hugged her tighter against him. Sliding his fingers over her shoulder, he caressed the curve of her chin and lifted her face to his. His voice low as he stared deep into her tear drowned eyes and whispered, "I gave it to you because I love you. I want to be with you and after the divorce is final, I intend to court you again and not give up until you say you will marry me and that we will raise Rose together." Sybil's mind raced over everything he had told her, parting her lips to reply, her breath caught in her throat once more as his mouth fell softly over hers. The gentleness of his lips, the sweet heat of his breath and the soft urging of his tongue slipped between her lips as the warm scent of his aftershave and his arms surrounded her. She had felt the power and sheer pleasure of his kisses before and like the many times after she'd first met him, she melted into his arms. The slow gentle passes of their tongues caressing one another eased the softness of her eyes closed as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders feeling him pull her tight against him. 
The last month had been perfect, Sybil recalled as she sipped on her coffee and watched Jed and Rose sitting in the rocking chair in front of the fireplace playing with one of the child's dolls she had gotten for Christmas. Robert had spent every day with them after Thanksgiving and every evening they spent together talking about their future together. Passion had overtaken them several times but after confiding in him she had never actually been with a man, Robert eased her mind and softened her heart assuring her they would wait until after she became Mrs. Robert Wilks. After several conversations with Robert, he seemed to understand the reasons she wanted to go ahead with the adoption for Rose. Even taking her himself to file the papers with Judge Hawthorne, not only did he understand but told her that once they were married they would both be Rose's parents. The light knock on the door pulled her from her happy memories of the last few weeks as Sybil smiled and walked toward the door. "Robert," she whispered and wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing the softness of her lips to his. Stepping back from the tight coldness of his lips, Sybil's smile faded seeing the emotionless expression on his normally gentle face. "Robert, what's wrong? Come in," she started more worried as she slid her hand into his and tried to lead him into the house. "I can't," he barely mumbled without budging under her tug on his hands. Poking her head back around the wooden door, Sybil watched Jed and Rose for a moment before feeling the pull of his grip against her hand. Closing the door behind her, Sybil stepped into the cold of the porch and looked for some sort of explanation of his emotions against the lifelessness of his face. "Robert," she started again before his head sunk low, a deep exhale of his breath stopping her, feeling he was fighting something deep inside. "Jane is sick Sybil. Very sick," he muttered lowly not raising his eyes from the careful study of his feet. "I'm sorry Robert. Is she going to be ok? I'm sure she is going to be fine," Sybil tried to assure him even against the growing knot in her stomach. "I did this to her Sybil. We did this, and I can't.." his voice trailed as he slowly raised his chin and found her eyes. "Robert, you didn't do anything. You couldn't prevent her from getting sick," Sybil spoke softly, running her fingers through the soft curls of his hair trying to sooth the obvious pain that trickled into the softness of his words. "I did this to her Sybil," his voice grew as his eyes narrowed and he pulled away from the slow caress of her fingers in his hair. "She begged me to stay and I, I'm her husband, I have to -" he snorted loudly before his voice trailed off as he walked away and climbed onto the back of his horse. Dropping his head as he turned the horse away from the house, Robert looked back over his shoulder and whispered, "I'm sorry," before kicking the horse into a high gallop. Soft drifts of snowflakes began to fall as she stared into the darkness that enveloped Robert as he rode away. Her mouth still opened slightly at the shock of what had just happened, she watched the puffs of white cloud rise from her shallow breaths. 
"Sybil," the soft voice carried over the slow creak of the door, "it's cold out here Honeybee. Who was that? Are they gone already?" Feeling the weight of her coat slip over her shoulders, Sybil's eyes stung with tears as she reached back grabbing hold of Jed's hand. "Honeybee," he whispered as he pulled her shoulder turning her slowly to face him. Fear, worry and horror flashed in the softness of his old blue eyes as she collapsed against his shoulder sobbing. Pulling her inside, Jed closed the door behind them and held her tight whispering soothing calming words into her hair. After long minutes that passed as slow as hours, he held her listening to the heart breaking sobs pour from the depths of her soul. Sitting her on the edge of the old bed between the fireplace and the kitchen, Jed pulled a chair in front of her and sat down searching the red, cold, and tear stains of her face. "Talk to me Honeybee," he whispered the fear and worry heavy in his old trembling voice. Sybil tried to force the words through the sobs of heartbreak, sniffling between each sentence before finally getting it all out. Fighting back his own mix of emotions, Jed pulled Sybil back into his arms, rocking her slowly.
~*~ ~*~
February passed slowly as Sybil tried to come to terms with losing Robert once again. Jed's anger at his son breaking her heart again was the common mood that surrounded the small family the last month. The fact that he decided it was time to take another of his famous panning trips wasn't much of a surprise to Sybil when he had left the day before. As much as her heart hurt, she knew the old man hurt as well after seeing once again his dreams of his son marrying the young girl he loved so dearly wasn't going to happen. As she sat on the porch rocking in Jed's old rocking chair, Sybil remembered the first night she and Jed argued over Robert. "You'll see Honeybee, he'll come around, then you two will be married and Rose will have a mother and a father," the old man's hopeful tone striking at her heart. Dealing badly with her own emotions, Sybil had lashed out at the loving old man reminding him that Robert had passed her over twice. "I don't care to be anyone's second choice," she retorted before seeing the pain of the truth overcome the old man. 
The soft clamor of horses' hooves pulled her from her thoughts as she glanced beside her to Rose pointing at pictures in the book and telling Bird what they were. Sybil smiled, though she had a heavy heart filled with longing and loss of Robert yet again, she loved the child and happiness filled her. "Good evening Miss Delacroix," Daniel waved as he slowed the horses stopping the deliver wagon in front of the small cabin. Setting the dress she'd been mending in the rocking chair, Sybil stood and smiled at the young man. "Hello Daniel, it's good to see you. How are Dancing Moon and young Elizabeth?" The young man had finally convinced Running Buck and White Eagle to let him marry Dancing Moon just the year before. It had only been a few months after she'd found Rose that Dancing Moon given birth to her and Daniel's first child. Naming the beautiful little girl Elizabeth, after Sybil and her mother, the young couple lived in town, but Daniel still made the deliveries for his father's grocery store. "Oh they are just fine Miss Delacroix, Elizabeth is getting so big and Dancing Moon is already talking about when we have another," the young man laughed as he stepped from the buckboard and began to unload the wagon. As the two finished unloading the goods from the delivery, Sybil smiled handing Daniel a cup of coffee as he tickled Rose. "Miss Delacroix, Dancing Moon wanted me to ask if we could have Rose stay with us, to celebrate Elizabeth's first birthday. My older brother Charlie and his wife and children will be staying as well, so Rose will have plenty of children to play with," Daniel spoke softly as he pulled a piece of taffy from his shirt pocket and handed it to Rose. Dancing Moon always wanted to bring Rose home with them when they would come to visit Sybil and Jed. Now that Rose was walking, talking and more in more control of her small body, Sybil thought she couldn't be much of a handful for the young mother. "I don't see why not," she smiled slowly watching the delight play on the face of the young man, "besides, it's time for her to have other children to play with and I could use a little break." As she watched the young man and child drive away, Sybil sighed lowly. She already missed Rose and realized for the first time in years, she was absolutely alone.
Sybil pushed her spoon against the soft mush of canned pears she'd decided would be a suitable supper for her alone. As the wind whirled and howled around the small cabin, she turned over in her mind her decision to let Rose stay a full two weeks with Daniel and Dancing Moon. She knew her daughter was safe with the couple and their family, but the last two days she had found herself wandering around the small farm lost without the child, Jed or the Kiowa around. Shivering slightly as the chill settled on her shoulders, Sybil pulled the shawl around her tighter and pushed another log onto the fire before settling back in the old rocking chair. "I thought a break would be good," she chuckled to herself trying to fend off the feeling of loneliness that crept into her like the cold. The churning of the dark clouds earlier that evening had warned of the coming storm, but it wasn't until the thunder and lightning turned to sleet that she realized just how long a night it was going to be. She had never slept well during storms. Even the first assault of thunder this evening had her rushing into her bedroom to check on Rose before she remembered that she was by herself in the cabin. Carefully sewing two more rows of quilted squares to the child's blanket, Sybil smiled knowing that soon her adoption of her daughter would be final. She couldn't imagine a life without her daughter now. The images of the child's dark raven locks curling around her shoulders framing the sparkling innocence in her bright green eyes warmed Sybil as she passed her fingers over the embroidered rose in the middle of the quilt. Tying the final knot in the stitching, Sybil walked into the bedroom and placed the quilt back into the crib passing her palm over the soft mattress as the love for her child filled her. 
A loud rumbling crash of thunder startled Sybil as she walked back into the cabin, pulling the bedroom door closed behind her. Fixing her eyes on the old dog that had been sleeping on the rug in front of the fireplace, Sybil shivered hearing the low growl extending beyond the thunder. "What is it Bird," she whispered almost breathless as the dog stood defensively in front of the cabin door with its fur standing on end. The eerily loud retort of a horse sounded just beyond the front door as Sybil ran toward the fireplace and rifle positioned just above the mantel. Frantically pushing the shells into the chambers of the gun, Sybil's eyes flashed between the door and the growing rumble of the dog's warning growl. A sudden loud thump against the door shook Sybil, biting against the scream threating to escape her lips as she steeled herself and raised the gun at the wooden door. Heat flushed her skin in the long minutes she stood barely breathing watching the door and waiting. Electricity burst through the air as lightning struck outside the cabin. After tense minutes, the old dog lowered her head and sniffed toward the bottom of the door. Sybil couldn't recall when Bird had stopped growling, but the heavy thudding of her own heart couldn't drown the unsettling sound of the dog's soft whimper. They had never had trouble before luckily, but with her being alone for the first time in years on the farm, Sybil's mind tumbled over all the possibilities of danger and shuttered softly thankful Rose wasn't home with her. As her imagination turned over hundreds of images of evil behind the cabin door, Sybil inhaled deeply as the dog continued its whine and began to scratch at the bottom of the door. As if a lightning bolt of thought struck her, Sybil jumped toward the door her mind automatically flashing to the thought of Jed lying hurt on the porch. Sybil stepped to the door, keeping the rifle cocked and ready just in case, she pressed her ear against the wood and listened intently. Slowly turning the knob, she eased the door open and pointed the barrel of the rifle into the darkness. As lightning flashed again lighting up the night sky, Sybil breathed softer finding the porch empty as her eyes narrowed focusing on the silhouette of a horse pacing around the door of the barn. "What on earth," she whispered starting to step further into the doorway as a low moan drifted up to her ears on the chill of the night air.
Sybil's heart leapt into her throat as she lowered her eyes to the large mass of darkness sprawled over the floor of the porch. Swinging the aim of the rifle's barrel to the barely moving pile of sleet covered clothing, she stepped back. "Who are you? What do you want," she screeched as the dog stepped closer to the blackened mass. Only the whimper of the dog and the deep groan of the slumped mass answered her as lightning flashed again and lit the night air showing the slight features of a man's bloodied face. "Dear God," she muttered as she pushed the end of the rifle barrel against the shoulder of the man finding him now unresponsive and unmoving. Looking around quickly assuring herself there was no one else in the darkness, Sybil stood the rifle against a chair inside the door way and leaned down over the man. His breathing was slow and ragged. The insistent chattering of his teeth gripped her heart as the coldness of the storm settled on her. "Watch him Bird," she half whispered as she wrapped her hands into the mass of cold, sleet soaked clothing and struggled to pull the man into the cabin. He was a large man, a heavy mass as she pushed and pulled to get him into the warmth of the cabin. Breathing heavy against the assertion of moving him out of the cold, Sybil closed the cabin door and leaned back against it for a moment her eyes tracing over the injured man before setting on the bright red streak of blood smeared across the floor. Stooping once more over the man, Sybil pushed at his shoulders rolling him onto his back. Pressing her palm over her mouth, she held back the shock of seeing the large bleeding gash on his forehead. "Mister, Mister," she spoke loudly as she pressed her palm into his massive chest and shook him, "Mister please, you have to wake up." 
As she trailed her gaze slowly over the huddled trembling mass of the man lying on the floor a fear and sense of urgency overcame her as her mind turned back to the day she'd found Rose in a similar state. They had almost lost her so many times that first week from the cold and fever. Sybil leaned over the man pulling her handkerchief from the chair side table and pressed it tightly over the gaping would on the man's forehead. The coldness of his skin mixed with the heat of fever seeped through the thin material into the palm of her hand. "Mister please," she pleaded feeling the heat of tears sting against her eyes. Pushing aside the fear of being alone with a rather large strange man, Sybil quickly began picking at the buttons of the soaked coat. Her fingers shaking with nervous urgency, she began tugging and pulling the thick wet material away from the man's body. Struggling with his limp weight, Sybil pulled him across the floor by the shoulders of the loose jacket under him and lifted him to sitting against the side of the spare bed. She muttered at the unwilling shakiness of her fingers as she removed the soaked coat and shirt. Pressing her ear against the wet coldness of his undershirt, Sybil held her breath listening for the slightest sound of a heartbeat. The beat was slow, almost inaudible as his breath rattled in his chest. "Mister," she yelled again as she buried her shoulder under his arm and tried to lift him into the bed. A low rattled grunt rushed a soft warmth of breath over her face as she inhaled deeply and tried again to lift the heavy man. "I can't lift you," she struggled pulling her feet under her trying to leverage against the floor, "you have to help me, I can't lift you." Against the groaning moans, Sybil felt his arm tighten around her shoulders. Pushing his feet against the floor with a low grunt, Sybil drove all her weight into the underneath of his arm and fell along his side as they landed across the bed. After what seemed like an hour long struggle, Sybil had removed his boots and trousers. Arguing in her mind the necessity to remove all the wet clothing, Sybil left his under clothes and pulled the blankets up around him. Retrieving the blankets from her own bed and the poultice the old medicine man had left for her, Sybil stoked the fire in the fireplace adding two more logs. Dipping the bloodstained handkerchief in a bowl of warm water, she cleaned the area around his wound and lightly pressed the poultice across the cut. She sighed, relieved at the actual smaller size of the wound once it was cleaned, but the heat of his fever still worried her. Exhausted from the struggle, Sybil exhaled deeply as she pulled her coat tightly around her and headed for the door. Passing a quick look back over her shoulder, she opened the door and stepped into the frozen night air. The man, whoever he was, was sleeping soundly now, but she knew if the horse she'd seen by the barn were out in the cold sleet and snow it would not survive the night. Thoughts and images of the evening swirled in her mind as she plotted through the snow and whistled for the horse. The shuffling sound of hooves behind her as she pulled the barn door open, Sybil stepped inside the shelter of the barn and watched as the tall, stocky stallion pranced inside away from the cold. Holding the gas lantern up high, she looked around deciding if it would be safe enough to just leave the stallion loose in the barn for the night. Satisfied with her assessment of the barn and exhausted from the evening's events, Sybil quickly pulled the barn door closed and made her way back to the cabin. 
Blowing softly over the rim of her cup, Sybil sipped at her hot coffee and watched the more normalized rise and fall of the blankets covering the stranger. His hair was long, ending near his shoulders and jet black, almost the color of Rose's she thought as she traced her gaze slowly over the sick man. Thick dark brows capped the wrinkles around his eyes but highlighted the strong chiseled features of his face. The growth of hair along his cheeks and jaw looked to be a few weeks old, but surprisingly even in her own thoughts it seemed to fit him perfectly. Placing her cup on the chair side table, Sybil yawned. Feeling the stress weigh heavy on her eyes, she pushed her foot quickly against the floor, rocking as she closed her eyes and focused on the rattled breathing of the man. Her uneasy rest left her twisting and turning in the rocking chair as her mind relived the events that unfolded. The soft crackle of the fire and the mournful wail of the wind outside the cabin wrapped around Sybil as she slept and dreamed of her daughter and Robert, before the sudden, violent thrashes and screams of the stranger sat her upright in her chair. Startled for a moment at the sound of a man's yells, Sybil strained her sleep filled eyes at the unsettled movements in the spare bed. Recalling the night's events, she crossed the room talking softly, trying to sooth and ease the man that must have been as confused and disoriented as herself. Lowering beside him on the edge of the bed, Sybil pressed her palm against the heat of his sweat covered forehead before running her fingers slowly through his hair. "Sshh, you're alright," she whispered, thankful her presence seemed to calm the violence of his flailing. A million questions ran through her head to ask the man but before she could began to find out who he was, she realized he was still asleep and fighting some wicked sort of dream. "Mister, are you awake," she exhaled softly as she passed her fingers through his hair once more. The shifting of his body and the pain filled groan became her only answer as she reached for the cool cloth and began washing it softly over his forehead. As he settled once more into sleep, Sybil gently wiped the poultice from the gash and smiled seeing that it had already begun to heal. She remembered years ago her mother saying a wound to the head always bled more and seemed worse than any more serious wound elsewhere. "Cecilia, I'm so sorry. Please stay with me," the low mournful plea shook Sybil from the memories of her mother. Looking back at the man's face, Sybil stared into the half lidded hazy gaze of his eyes. "Mister, are you awake? Who's Cecilia," she rattled off quickly as she looked for any sign of recognition in the deep green pools of his eyes. Swallowing hard against the lump in her throat, Sybil stared as he raised his hand slowly and traced the tip of his finger over the long rugged shadow of her scar. "What happened to your face my love," he whispered as his hand dropped to her waist and pulled her toward him. Fear and confusion choked her as she felt the gentle pull of his arm around her, pressing her palm to his chest Sybil opened her mouth to reply as his eyes closed and he whispered lightly once again. "Please Cecilia, stay with me." 
As she lay in his arms for the second night, Sybil pulled the quilt off of her. The heat of his fever was stifling but it seemed the only peaceful rest he'd gotten was when she'd lay beside him. The soft pressure of his arm around her waist and the hardness of his body pressing against hers were unsettling to Sybil. The first night of his violent dreams had scared her too much to argue with her mind about being in the strange man's arms. With her thoughts of missing Robert and the worry for the sick stranger, Sybil forced herself to think of the arms around her as Robert's to ease the confusion in her mind. He'd done it to her again, carried her away in a whirlwind of passion and promise before choosing Jane, his wife, over her once more. She had loved Robert the first time she'd laid eyes on him and against her mind's arguments, felt she always would. Robert had been the first man, other than his father, who hadn't seen her as a monstrosity with the long jagged scar marking her face. Robert had been the first man she'd kissed and brought the warmth of arousal into the empty darkness of her soul. She had been well old enough to have known the love of a man but the twists and turns of her past had always made her push those natural feelings away. Sybil longed to feel Robert's bare body against hers, have him show her the way a man and woman could connect beyond words. As the thoughts of her lost love and the exhaustion of the last couple days overtook her, the warm strength of his arms pulled her closer. Sybil nestled her head against the soft but strong chest of the handsome stranger and slipped off to sleep. 
For three days and two unrest full nights, Sybil bathed the stranger with cool rags trying to break the heat of fever. While she knew riding for the doctor was what she should have done, the fitful and violent dreams that accompanied the fever left her with a fear he may hurt himself if she wasn't there. From the few brief moments of his consciousness, Sybil had learned a few things from him as she fed him beef broth and soups. As unreliable as fevered conversations could be, she believed the tidbits of information were true. The soft rumble of hooves pulled her from her thoughts as Sybil stood from the porch rocking chair and stretched her arms into the coolness of the afternoon wind. Smiling as the delivery wagon approached, she made her way down the steps and greeted Daniel. After helping him unload the goods and learning about all the fun Rose was having, Sybil led the young man inside and told him about the stranger. "He said his name is Cole Marshal, he's from Santa Fe but recently was in Oklahoma. He hasn't answered many of my questions since he hasn't been awake much, but he constantly calls for a woman named Cecilia," she confided in her young friend as he checked over the man and his belongings. "Daniel, I need you to fetch the Doc. The fever doesn't want to break and I don't know what else to do. Maybe talk to Sherriff Woods too? I don't know about having him here when Rose comes home," she finished still unsure of the presence of the stranger in her home. As they walked back outside and Daniel hugged her tightly, he assured her he'd take care of things. "Charlie and I will come back with the Sherriff and help him move the man into town. Don't worry about Rose, Sybil, Dancing Moon would keep her however long you wanted her to," he finished as he climbed back into the wagon. Looking skyward as he settled behind the reigns, Daniel sighed, "Looks like more snow tonight. I'll come back this evening and stay with you until tomorrow when the doctor and sheriff head this way." Sybil pulled the shawl tight around her shoulders thinking for a moment how much better she'd feel with someone else around before shaking her head softly, "That won't be necessary Daniel. Thank you, but I'm sure he'll sleep on through the night like he has been." Waving to her young friend as he pulled the wagon away, Sybil turned toward the barn calling the horses and cows in before the snow got heavier. 
Sybil smiled softly over the steaming pot of stew as the stuttered ruckus of snoring filled the small cabin. He hadn't felt as warm as he had been the previous two days and silently she prayed for a restful and uneventful night. As she ladled the thick hot stew into a bowl and poured a glass of tea, Sybil thought about the growing feelings she realized she had for this stranger. Of course she had taken him in from the cold and had been tending to him constantly, but more so than all that, when she looked at him he reminded her of Rose. They had the same soft black curls and deep green eyes and the irony of how they came into her life was too much to not think about. Though she scolded herself constantly, she couldn't deny how good it felt laying against him when she'd settle onto the side of the bed and sooth away the nightmares. The few times he'd wrapped his arm around her, Sybil thought of the moments she'd spent in the warmth of Robert's arms, though it wasn't exactly the same. The soft shuffling of the blankets lifted her eyes to the strangers as she lowered herself onto the side of the bed. "Cole," she spoke softly watching his eyes narrow then open fully adjusting to the dim light of the cabin. "Can you sit up? I made a stew. If you think you can chew on it a bit, I think it will help you feel better," she smiled as he pushed his palms into the mattress and sat up against the wall. "It sure smells good," his deep hoarse voice whispered as she placed the bowl on the bedside table and leaned toward him adjusting the pillow behind his head. As she lowered and sat back on the bed, she saw the softness of his smile as he looked back at her. Pressing her palm to his forehead before checking the heal of the wound, Sybil inhaled sharply feeling the heat of his breath feather over her cheek. "Ouch!" Jumping and pressing her hand against his chest, Sybil's eyes opened wide with the thought of hurting him, "I'm so sorry, I just needed-" The soft rumble of his laugh stopped her mid-sentence as she wrinkled her forehead in confusion. Crossing his arm over his chest he patted her knee before pulling his hand from underneath it and smiled, "Not my head, my hand." Laughing softly as she watched a sort of playful gleam dance in the sparkles of his deep green eyes, Sybil blushed realizing she had knelt on his hand before sitting back on the bed. "I'm so sorry," she smiled as she reached for the bowl and began to blow softly over the steaming spoon of stew. The tingle of playfulness trickled over her as the tension from the past few days seemed to melt away. Shaking her head as she gently pressed the spoon against his lips, Sybil laughed again. "Cole, what happened to you," she questioned as she fed him the stew and began to relax in his company. As he chewed slowly and traced her face with a thoughtful look on his face, Sybil swallowed hard wondering if she should have said anything. "I think my horse slipped or stepped in a hole. I'm not really sure. I just remember being cold, wet hearing the thunder crackle around me then hitting the ground. I woke up rested on a big rock. I'm guessing that's where this came from," he winced lightly as he touched the large rounded knot on his forehead. Sybil bit down on her lip almost as if the pain touched her own forehead, as she leaned forward and smoothed her fingers over the swollen blackened knot. The sudden catch of his breath filled her ears as the soft warmth of his breath tingled against her neck. Until the growing warmth of urging knotted in the pit of her stomach, she hadn't realized how close she'd been to him or how affected by him she had been. "It looks really bad," she admitted, fighting against the tingle trailing down her spine as her eyes traced over his face to the softness of his gaze. Clearing her throat and leaning away from the closeness of his face, Sybil scooped more stew into the spoon and continued as he took another bite. "The Doctor should be here in the morning. He can look at it and hopefully get the fever to break," she almost whispered as she stared unwillingly at the soft curve of his lips as he chewed the food. "Sybil, what happened to you," the warmth of his fingers pressed slowly tracing the ragged scar along her cheek as he spoke softly. Her eyes closed for a long breath as the heat of his fingertips spread over the softness of her cheek. Swallowing hard against the quickened thumping of her pulse, Sybil opened her eyes and turned away from his hand before setting the empty bowl on the table. "I think you should get some rest Cole," she forced a soft smile as she turned back to him, pulling the blankets over him as he settled back into the bed. 
Sybil tossed uncomfortably in her bed as she wrestled with the blanket pulling it up over her shoulders. As worn out as the last couple of days had left her, the thoughts and memories playing over and over again in her mind left her fighting for sleep. How could she have such an attraction to this man! She didn't know him, she hardly knew anything about him, but in the past three days she felt herself being drawn to him more and more. Maybe it was just the situation, maybe it was the resemblance to her daughter, she argued in her head over the confusion of her emotions and thoughts. She had never known a man in a husbandly sort of way, yet she'd spent the last two nights in the arms of a stranger. That was it! The long forgotten desires had been awakened again by Robert and the situation she found herself in with this stranger was just confusing her emotions. As her thoughts turned to Robert and the second time he'd chosen Jane over her, soft quiet tears swelled in Sybil's tired eyes and she cried as she drifted off to sleep. Her dreams revolved around the stranger, Robert and her daughter before turning back into vivid frightening images of her past. Sybil fought restlessly as John Henry's hand wrapped around her ankle and she fell in slow motion into the large glass French doors that had always brought a smile to her mother's face. Sybil startled, sitting upright in bed as the loud ear shattering rumble of glass breaking rang in her ears. The muffled screams and yells of a man's voice beyond her bedroom door had her heart racing. Running into the cabin, Sybil spotted the glimmer of the shattered glass reflecting the soft glow of the fireplace as she rounded it carefully and climbed onto the side of the bed. Cole was thrashing around, fighting with the blankets as she pressed her body on top of his penning his arms under her weight. "No please," he screamed almost tossing her off the bed," please wait, I have a ch-!" "Cole, Cole wake up," she yelled hearing the torment in his voice and watching the anguish of his dreams tear at the features of his face. A pool of tears under his eyes shimmered in the flickering light of the flames as his movements slowed and his eyes began to open slowly. "Cole, it's ok. I'm right here," she whispered as she raised her hand and stroked his hair softly. Feeling the labored breath of his sobs, tears fell down her cheeks at the obvious pain and sorrow in his eyes. The pain and torment showed deep in his eyes as he stared at her with tears trailing from the corner of his eyes. The confusion of the moment mixed with the anguish she felt as she watched some horror tear at Cole's heart. The memories of her past and the tormented screams of the stranger squeezed against her heart. Pressing her lips to his fevered forehead, Sybil's mind raced as she shushed him and whispered soothing words against the softness of his cheek. His arms pulled slowly from under the blankets and wrapped around her, holding her tight against his chest as his eyes closed and he pleaded softly, "Sybil, please don't leave me." The glimmer of a tear rolled down his face as Sybil felt her very breath choke her. "Cole," she whispered, watching his eyes open to her again slowly. Her heart ached for him. She yearned to ease the pain she'd seen flash in his eyes the past days, yet no words seemed to come to her mind. As he rolled them onto their sides, her tears began to fall faster as he turned burying his head under her chin. The pain she'd seen in his eyes with the body rattling sobs that rocked against her as his ragged breaths feathered across her neck left Sybil in tears of her own. Running her fingers through his hair and holding him tight, she sobbed softly and whispered, "I won't Cole."  
"Miss Delacroix," the murmur of a voice and a soft tapping filled her mind as she squeezed her eyes tighter. Snuggling her head into the soft curve of his shoulder, she exhaled slowly feeling the smile grow across her lips. The heated weight of his arm squeezed around her shoulder as she moaned softly. As the knocking sounded again much louder this time, Sybil jumped, pressing her hand into the thickness of his chest. Her eyes grew wide as she glanced down realizing she was still lying by his side with his arm wrapped around her shoulders. Slowly and quietly she slipped out of the bed, smoothing her hair with her fingers as she found her robe on the floor and pulled it around her quickly. He groaned softly but with a quick glance over her shoulder finding him still asleep, she stepped quietly toward the door. Opening the door to the concerned looks on the men's faces, Sybil smiled and yawned stretching her arms. "I'm sorry, I must have over slept. Come on in Doctor. Sherriff Woods, good to see you. Good morning Daniel," she greeted the men and stepped behind the door as they entered one by one. "Forgive me," she started again as she walked toward the kitchen, "the last few days have been tiring. Would you gentlemen like some coffee?" As the doctor sat on the edge of the bed, Cole woke up and slowly began to sit up as he eyed the different men in the room. Sherriff Woods walked around the foot of the bed and stared down at the shattered glass before passing a cautious look over the sick man. "I'd love some," his deep voice replied as he pushed the toe of his boot around the glass, "Everything alright here Miss Delacroix?" As Daniel passed behind her pressing a kiss against her cheek before pulling the coffee mugs from the cupboard, Sybil looked at Cole then to the pile of shattered glass. "Oh that," she laughed and reached for the broom before making her way to the sheriff. "Bird brushed against me this morning as I was bringing Mr. Marshal his breakfast and this glass just tipped over the side of the tray," she lied and tossed a quick glance at the dog that'd raised her head at the mention of her name. Sweeping up the mess of glass, Sybil smiled softly at Cole as the doctor examined the lump on his head. "If you'd like Miss Delacroix, Daniel and I can load Mr. Marshal into Doc's wagon and carry him into town," the sheriff spoke up again as he leaned through the bedroom door and seemed less curious after spotting her unmade bed. Into town, the sheriff's words echoed in her ears as she felt her chest tighten. Before Sybil could answer, the doctor stood, closed his bag and spoke in a soft voice. "I don't think that is a good idea Sheriff. His fever has broken, but with the size of this knot, there is a possibility of concussion. If he is not a bother to you Miss Delacroix," the old doctor continued as he turned toward her, "it would be best if he didn't travel until the knot goes down." Shaking the rag full of shattered glass into a can, Sybil turned glancing quickly at Cole then wiped her hands on the front of her robe. The warmth of his arms around her that morning still tingled over her skin. The thought of him not being there sent her mind into a panic as she flashed her eyes around the different men in the room. Something about this man sparked a curiosity in her she hadn't felt before and now the thoughts of losing him were more than she could stand. "He's not a," she started before Daniel handed her a cup of coffee and interrupted. "Sybil can I speak to you a moment," he insisted as he nodded to the sheriff and guided her through the door of her bedroom. 
"Sheriff Woods and I checked into the things you told me you knew about him Sybil," Daniel started lowly as he grabbed the edge of the blanket and helped her straighten her bed. The solemn, worried look in his face gripped Sybil's heart as she waited for him to continue. "If he is who he says he is, he was recently in Oklahoma because he was in prison." Daniel walked slowly around the bed and leaned against Rose's crib as he watched Sybil press and straighten the same section of blanket she'd just smoothed. "Sybil, he was in prison for murder. One he didn't commit, but still he was in prison for murder. The sheriff in Gonzales said they had arrested him for the murder of a Mexican dance hall girl, but at the trial they learned he had told the truth and hadn't been the one that killed her. He may not have done it Sybil, but I still don't like the idea of you being here alone with him," Daniel finished with a heavy sigh. Her mind whirled over the new information her friend had told her as she sunk to the side of the bed. She couldn't imagine Cole murdering anyone. She had seen the gentleness deep in his eyes even through the cold, the fever and the torment of his nightmares. Nightmares that now she was sure where the haunting memories of the time he was locked up with the world's most evil men. "Daniel," she started slowly as she questioned her feelings about a man she barely knew and just learned of him being in prison. Returning her gaze to the concern of her friend's eyes, Sybil smiled softly, "I will be fine. You heard the doctor; he shouldn't travel until the swelling has gone down. I do want to ask if you and Dancing Moon would mind keeping Rose with you an extra couple of days. That will give Col.. uh.. Mr. Marshal time to heal and be on his way before she comes home." As she stood and walked to her young friend, Sybil hugged him tight. "Of course," he exhaled loudly. Daniel knew full well of her stubbornness and wasn't about to test her even with his deep concern.
The gentle bay of the milk cow awoke Sybil from her rambling thoughts. After the Doctor, Sheriff and Daniel had left this morning, she found she had much trouble keeping her thoughts straight. He was in prison, Daniel's hushed voice came flooding back to her over and over again. She couldn't deny even to herself that the bit of information worried her to no end. Cole was a large man, nearly twice her size. If he had it in mind to do anything to her, she'd have no chance at defending herself against a man of his stature. She had gotten lucky in getting away from John Henry who had been near the same size of Cole, but did she really have that much luck around her? Her mind's comparison of Cole to John Henry suddenly angered her. Cole was no John Henry she argued with herself as she stood from the milking stool and carried the full bucket to the rough table. The first night he'd pulled her body against his, fear crept into her very soul feeling the hard, strong mass of his body under her arms. Even though she had been alone with a strange man and knew she could never withstand an attack on his part, Sybil realized she'd felt safe around him. Almost protected, she thought as her mind twirled back to the strength of his arms wrapping around her as she lay chasing away his nightmares. 
The soft smile still played on her lips as the soft thunder of hooves turned her from the stall she'd been cleaning. "Robert," the confusion twisted her face as the smile dropped and she watched him slide from his saddle. Quietly but quickly he crossed the short expanse of the open barn and wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her tight into his embrace. Sybil's mind whirled with questions as her body defied her and melted into his arms. "Wha.. what are you doing here," she muttered after moments of his heated embrace threating to shake every ounce of her reserve from her. Pressing her hands against his chest, she pushed backwards out of his embrace and steeled her face at his silence. "Robert," she said again, her voice more forceful now as she'd scolded herself of wanting to stay in his arms. "Sybil, I'm sorry. I just found out from the sheriff what's been going on. I won't have you here alone with some strange man," he started as he returned to his horse and began untying the saddle bag. Shock, then agitation set in as his words and tone settled on her. "You won't have me here alone," she questioned as she crossed her arms in front of her chest and straightened her back against the possession in his tone. "I am not your wife! You don't have any right to say what I can and will do Robert Joseph Wilks," she shot out in anger as the idea of him thinking she'd be under his control twisted her brow and tightened the thin curve of her lips. The growl of anger in her voice halted his action of untying his bag of clothing from the saddle. Looking over his shoulder at the wild eyed, determined stance, Robert laughed lightly. The rumble of his laughter angered her even more as she stomped long strides toward him, "Get out of here Robert! You are not welcome here. Leave! Go home to your wife!" As she approached his smile seemed to widen, was he laughing at her when she could only see the red of anger? Quickly catching her wrist as she pulled her hand back to slap him, Robert jerked her arm pulling Sybil against his body once more as her screaming words fell into his shoulder. Before she could wedge her hands between them and push him away, she parted her lips again to scream her anger when his mouth fell over hers. 
She fought it, didn't she? She asked herself as his tongue explored the depths of her mouth. She'd struggled against his gripping hands and pressed her lips tight against the soft invasion of his tongue, yet here she was tangled in the warmth of his arms returning the passion of his kiss. As the heat of his mouth pulled slowly from hers, Sybil blinked staring into the loving eyes she'd dreamed for so long to wake up next to. Her thoughts were in shambles as his arms unwrapped from around her waist and caressed slowly up her arms before settling onto her shoulders. Slow labored breaths feathered over her still parted lips as she tried to wrap her mind around the events of the last few minutes. She wanted to yell, she wanted to hit him, she wanted to cry and yes, she thought quietly to herself, she wanted to be kissed like that again. As the softness of his fingers caressed over her cheek, Sybil sighed and tried to form some kind of intelligent words. "You may not be my wife yet," Robert started softly as he pressed his lips against the corner of her still gaping mouth, "but I love you and I will not leave you here alone with a strange man." Her mind whirled and her heart pounded in her chest. Still lost in the confusing haze of what had happened, Sybil hugged her arms around her waist and stepped away from Robert. Something had been awakened deep inside of her. Her heart pounded against her chest as her legs trembled but as her thoughts became a whirlwind in her head, her mind turned to Cole. Pressing her forehead against the rough wooden door of Jed's room, Sybil exhaled slowly. "You can't stay here Robert," she started almost in a whisper. "I can't," her breath hitched as she bit back against the heavy sob threatening to choke the life from her. "I can't keep being your second choice," she finished more solid as she stood and turned back to face him. 

Chapter Three

A week had passed since the doctor and sheriff had come to see the stranger. Merely a week since Robert showed up and turned everything upside down. It had taken her hours to convince him she could handle herself and the stranger. She had wanted Robert back in her life so very much before Cole had found his way to her door, but now, things had changed. He had told her that he still loved her and still planned to leave Jane for her, but Sybil wasn't as delighted by those thoughts now as she had been before. Twice he'd chosen Jane over her and while she never doubted his love for her, Sybil had come to terms with the way things were. She'd tried her best to avoid Robert's advances the past week though once or twice the old feelings overwhelmed her and she'd found herself in the heated passion of his arms. What was it about the warmth of a man's arms? Something had changed in the way she felt when Robert would hold her against him and kiss her softly. A few times much to her dismay, the passion had been provoked by her mind turning to thoughts of Cole. She knew the warmth of his arms and though she'd tried to fight it, she wanted to know more of it. The horrors of his nightmares hadn't found him last night, but the one time she'd ventured into the room to check on him. Cole had pleaded with her to lay with him until he'd fallen asleep. 
The gentle tapping of the snow and sleet melting on the cabin roof fell against the window as Sybil opened her eyes to the soft pastel glow of sunrise. Smiling as she pulled the warmth of the quilt around her shoulders, she drifted back to the warm of his arms around her last night. Every night his nightmares haunted him and she found herself in the soft embrace of his arms as she chased away his demons. She had decided after the morning she'd been awoken by the sheriff she'd not allow herself to stay in his arms all night again and though she struggled with her own resolution, she stuck to her promise and always returned to her own bed. He had been awake more the past week than he'd been when she first found him on her porch and they had talked over the things Daniel had told her about. Sometimes she felt he wasn't telling the whole story, but not once did Sybil think he had lied about anything to her. The night he told her of the Mexican woman named Cecilia, her heart sank. She had been the woman he loved and planned to marry when he returned from the war. Sybil could feel the longing and misery when he spoke of finding her again only to lose her the same night. She could almost sympathize with him on that, often feeling like she had found Robert again then lost him. Although she couldn't figure out why, his visits and his return to her recently didn't make her as happy as she'd thought she would be. She did miss her daughter though, very much. Two days ago when she had ridden into town, Sybil had been surprised by the arrival of the official adoption record. It was final. It was legal. Rose was her daughter. With the happy news and the longing to see her daughter, she had spent all day at the home of Daniel and Dancing Moon. To her it seemed Rose had grown so much in the few short weeks and had picked up so many more words from Charlie's older children. Before she left to return home Sybil promised her daughter she'd be coming home with Daniel on his next trip to the farm. That was two days away, she thought as she pulled the quilt off her and stood beside her bed. 
Wrapping her thick robe around her, Sybil pushed the door to the cabin open. "Cole, we need to talk," she started as she cross the small kitchen and stared at the empty, neatly made bed. Looking around seeing his clothing and satchel gone, Sybil swallowed against her breath. Surely he hadn't just left without saying anything. She knew the swelling in the knot was gone and he'd been feeling much better yesterday, but she didn't think he'd just leave without saying a word. As she turned back toward her room to get dressed and head to the barn to check for his horse, she spotted a piece of paper on the table. Feeling better, went to town to get supplies, it said simply. A wash of relief fell over her as she traced her fingertip over the words on the paper. She didn't know what these feelings she had for the stranger that appeared on her doorstep one dark stormy night were, but she did know that she wanted the chance to find out. Humming softly as she poured a cup of coffee, Sybil went over the questions for Cole and the conversation they'd have about Rose.
~*~ ~*~
Cole grimaced and exhaled loudly as the cold drop pelted the back of his neck and chilled its way down his spine. Pulling at the collar of his jacket, he buttoned another button across his chest and held the thick material tight. The wind had been gentle this morning and the crispness of last night's rain lingered in the air, but the persistent drops of the melting sleet and snow falling from the barren tree branches made their presence known. Settling back into the slow comfortable gait of his stallions walk, Cole smiled thinking back. He had felt much better yesterday. He and Sybil had talked, bringing up the painful memories of Cecilia. Several times he'd started to tell her about the child, but the growing feelings he'd had for this woman stopped him. He knew he shouldn't have, but after feeling the softness of her body under his arms and the warmth of her breath against his chest again last night, he had to sneak a peek at her this morning before he left. He had pushed the door open slowly and stood for long minutes watching the rise and fall of the quilt as she breathed deeply. The soft glow of the fire in the fireplace shimmered amongst the golden strands of her hair as it lay splayed over her pillow. The long length of her lashes hid the beauty of the brown softness of her eyes but he couldn't get those eyes out of his mind long enough to forget them. As she stirred and the full roundness of her lips stretched into a lazy smile, he silently prayed the dream that tiptoed through her mind and brought on the beauty of her smile had something to do with him. He had to catch himself and stop from leaning down, pressing his lips against hers as he watched her peaceful sleep. His brow furrowed against the cool swirl of wind recalling the dark shadow of the long ragged scar trailing down her cheek, around the softness of her chin and disappearing under the quilt pulled snuggly around her neck. He knew so little about her, other than the fact she'd probably saved his life. He had so many questions. The scar, the crib, the deep shadows of loneliness he always saw tucked into the recesses of those beautiful brown eyes. The feelings that stirred in him during their days together needed answers. He'd played the sick card as long as he possibly could, but he wanted.. no, needed to know more and find out what these feelings were he had for the angel who'd rescued him from death. Cole laughed as he watched the black and white spotted bird dog jump through the thicker mounds of snow like a puppy. He hadn't even noticed his travel companion while he was lost in thoughts of Sybil Delacroix. Even her named whirled in his mind bringing the familiar warmth deep inside of him that he always found when she came near him. He had things he needed to know. He knew the grocer delivery man was a friend, but wanting to find out more information he decided that town would be the best place to start.
As he slid from his saddle and tied the reigns to the hitching post, Cole looked up and down the street of the small town. It wasn't a big town at all. A few stores, a couple of businesses that was all. He spotted the hotel, the livery, sheriff's office and a bank. Exhaling a quick sigh of relief, Cole was glad there were no signs of saloons or dance halls in the small town. He had seen more than enough of those kinds of places in his past and had no desire to find them once again. Scrapping his boots as he stepped onto the porch of the general store, Cole tipped his hat at an elderly couple emerging from the hotel next door. "Montgomery's not open yet young fellow," a crackly old voice rose over his shoulder as he looked over the building and saw the closed sign hanging in the window. Turning toward the elderly couple who'd made their way down the street toward him, Cole smiled, "Any idea when it opens?" The old lady's light blue eyes sparkled in the morning sunlight as she eyed him closely. Cole swallowed back a laugh imagining that everyone in town would probably look at him the same way, wondering who he was and what he was doing here. Extending his hand toward the old man, Cole hoped to ease the curiosity playing amongst the wrinkles of the elderly woman's face. "Oh, probably thirty minutes or so," the old man replied as he shook Cole's hand, "Montgomery was just getting his breakfast when we left. Iffing you need to speak with him, you might head into the hotel and grab a bite to eat. You can't miss him. He's a portly fellow." Nodding after giving his thanks, Cole watched as the old couple walked hand in hand down the street. His thoughts turning back to Sybil as he walked to the hotel, Cole thought that she was someone he could see spending the rest of his life with. 
"What can I get for you," the abruptness of the woman's voice sent him back a step. Lost in thoughts of getting to know more about Sybil, Cole realized he'd been lingering just inside the doorway of the hotel's dining room. "Coffee please," Cole smiled as he pushed the heated blush from his cheek's and looked around the small but amazingly busy little dining room. "Excuse me ma'am, would that be Montgomery who owns the general store," he quested with a nod toward the large man sitting with his back to the door. Affirming his assumption with a nod, the woman disappeared behind a swinging door without another word. "Mr. Montgomery," Cole started as he walked toward the man's table extending his hand as the large store owner nodded him toward the empty chair across the table. "Just call me Monty," he mumbled around a forkful of eggs, "What can I do for you?" Cole introduced himself as the waitress placed a steaming cup of coffee in front of him. After a short one sided conversation explaining that he was new to the area and looking for work, Cole sipped the coffee and watched for any response from the man completely involved in his morning meal. As the man wiped his plate clean with the remaining piece of biscuit and pushed the plate to the side, he looked at Cole carefully and sipped at his coffee. After explaining the different businesses in town and how most were family owned and run, the store owner offered up the names of a few families that sometimes hired help around their farms. "Come to think of it," the portly man continued his rattling, "I overheard someone saying the other day that Jed was off on one of his wild goose chases. I don't know if she'd hire someone on, but it might not hurt to pay a visit to that Delacroix woman." Cole hid his smile behind another sip at the long empty coffee cup as the name teased thoughts in his mind. "With Jed and the Indians gone, she's out there all alone with that kid. She might need some help around that old place. Mind you though, don't stare at that hideous thing on her face when you see her," the store owner trailed off again looking around the room and motioning for the waitress. Cole felt his chest tighten at the man's words. How could anyone use the word hideous when talking about Sybil. Yes, the scar was a bit surprising, but the woman who wore it was a thing of beauty. Clearing his throat and the thoughts of cussing the man for all he was worth, Cole sat back in the chair and took another sip of his coffee. "Mable," the store owner started back up as the woman waddled to the table before looking back at Cole, "This here's my wife, Mable. She could tell you more over whether that woman would hire someone." 
After a couple of hours in the hotel dining room, as was usual in small towns, Cole learned much about Sybil. The talk of her young daughter visiting family answered the questions he'd had about the crib, but no one seemed to speak about her father. The only mention of how she got the scar was the hazy recall of a few of the townsfolk about her showing up with half her face ripped off. As he nodded to everyone and stepped onto the porch of the hotel, Cole's mind was a turmoil filtering all the new information. No one had spoken of a husband or a father for the child she raised alone. "It couldn't be possible," he muttered before lifting his eyes to the heated stare coming from across the street. "Ah," he chuckled to himself as he sized up the man leaning against the doorframe of the law office across the street, "the father." Deciding with a nod by the glare from the tall dark haired man, Cole was almost certain word of him asking about Sybil had made its way into the law office. With the coldness of that stare, the man had to have something vested in his inquiries. As a thin layer of sweat formed over his brow, Cole turned from the gaze of the law man and headed toward the doctor's office. He had been feeling fine, but if he intended to find work and stick around, Cole needed to be sure he was a well as he felt. 

~*~ ~*~

Sybil wiped the thin layer of sweat from her forehead before shoving the handkerchief into her back pocket. The wind was still cool from last night's storm but inside the barn shuffling the hay around was hot. After tending to the animals this morning, Sybil started on the task of clearing the tack and tools from the extra stall and worked most of the morning preparing it for Cole's stallion. The gentle smile she'd woken with returned to her lips as she thought of Cole. The way his dark black curls folded behind his ears and fell on his shoulders always made her think of Rose and how long her hair had gotten. The deep green sparkles of his eyes showed more often the last few days he'd been feeling better and the softness she found deep inside those seas of green haunted her dreams. She couldn't keep her mind off the strength and warmth of his arms wrapped around her when she'd lay beside him to comfort him in his sleep. A ripple of giddiness rose inside of her as she turned over the images of Cole and the growing feelings she had for him. The soft thudding of horse's hooves brought a smile to her face as she had been awaiting Cole's return. While she had intended to give him a good talking to about traveling without the doctor checking him out, she silently admitted to herself that she had missed him this morning. She wanted to tell him about Rose, find out more about him and, hopefully if he had no plans of moving on just yet, discuss building him a room as they had done for Jed. As the soft clatter of the horse's hooves got closer, she sighed softly and muttered out loud the thought running through her mind, "Or he could just stay in the cabin with me." 
"Sybil," his voice startled her as she turned still pulling her coat over her shoulders and stared almost not believing it was him. "Robert? What are you doing here," she questioned quietly thinking if it had been some crazy illusion she wouldn't be heard talking to herself. As he walked into the shadow of the barn, Sybil traced over the stretched expression on his face. A million thoughts ran through her mind as he walked quietly. "Is it Jed? Robert, has something happened to Jed," the very thought of something happening to the gentle old man she loved as dearly as she had her father threatened to bring Sybil to tears. "No, Sybil no. I haven't heard from Father since he left a few weeks ago," he assured as he pressed his hands over her shoulders and pulled her close. For a moment in the lull between fear of her thoughts and the realization of his words, Sybil pressed her forehead against his shoulder. Feeling his breath catch in his throat as his arms dropped slowly around her waist, Sybil straightened and quickly stepped out of his grasp. "Then what are you doing here Robert. What do you want?" Her short quick snap of questions and the loss of her soft body from his arms left Robert dumbfounded; standing there for a long moment with his mouth opened giving no response. "I.. uh.. I he-" he started as he watched Sybil turn and head back toward the stall. Dropping her jacket back over the rail of the stall, Sybil turned flipping her hair over her shoulder and exhaled loudly, "What is it Robert, Jane not happy again? She leave you again and you thought you'd come running back to me?" A punch of satisfaction hit her as the words she'd been longing to say finally rushed from her lips. The almost inaudible groan had her second guessing herself though as the slow shuffle of his feet approached her. Clearing his throat as she turned back toward him, Robert swallowed hard and tried to straighten the sadness creasing the features of his face. "I just came to check on you Sybil," he started slowly with his head hanging low. Guilt twisted around her heart as the pain of her words soaked heavily in his voice. "I saw the stranger out and about in town and I-," he continued again without raising his eyes, "I just wanted to make sure you and Rose were going to be ok." Sighing heavily knowing that the brief triumph of finally letting her hurt flow wasn't worth the pain she could see on his face nor the sadness in his voice. Sybil swallowed hard as she shoved her hands into the pockets of her jeans. "I'm sorry Robert," she started low as she stepped toward him, "I shouldn't have said that. I'm fine and Rose is with Dancing Moon. Thank you for your concern, but everything is fine." Raising his gaze from the ground, Robert lifted his arms pressing his palms against her shoulders once again. "Sybil, I'm the one who should be sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. I love you and Rose both so very much. I don't know what is going to happen with Jane and I, but I know she is not where my heart is," his words were different, but the feeling was the same it had always been before. Sybil did truly believe he loved her deep down inside and once she had loved him too, but now she wasn't sure. She was different, or at least her feelings for Robert were. "Robert, come let me fix you some coffee. I think it's time we finally talked about all this," she offered the truce as she pulled her coat back on and slipped her arm around his.
~*~ ~*~
Some things looked so familiar, but it was possible this had been the same place. So many miles he'd traveled the same idea haunted him. He had gone so far and so fast that he'd lost track of where he'd actually been. He'd spent countless days a few weeks back digging into every burrow he'd come across. While the hope he'd find the right place kept him pushing on, the fact that it had been over a year gave him a defeated feeling of hopelessness. If only those women had stepped up that night and told of the gambler who'd been pushing the girls for part of their wages, he wouldn't have lost her or such a big chunk of his life. The soft friendly bark of the black and white bird dog broke him from his thoughts as she greeted him coming out of the woods. "Hey Bird, ready to head home," he chuckled toward the old dog as she fell into pace with his stallion. Home, the word and the thought turned his mind back to Sybil. He could picture his home and already knew it could be anywhere as long as she was there. Nudging against the sides of his stallion, Cole picked up the speed of their gait as he neared the farm and the growing feeling of anxiousness crawled over his skin. He wanted to see her, talk to her and tell her that he didn't want to leave. As he rounded the last bend in the path, Cole looked ahead to the farm and pulled back on the reigns spotting the horse at the porch. Guiding his horse slowly off the path, Cole narrowed his eyes toward the two silhouettes on the porch. There was no mistaking the shapely curves of Sybil as she stood talking to a well-built dark haired man. After making sure he was far enough off the path, Cole leaned back in his saddle watching around edge of a boulder as the two embraced. Much too long for his liking, Cole shifted in his saddle fighting against the heat of jealousy rising in his throat before moving his horse around the backside of the large boulder. As the man's horse approached at a fast walk, Cole clinched his fists around the saddle horn and watched him until he disappeared around the bend of the path. "The father," he muttered flatly as he recalled the earlier encounter with the law man and his cold stare. He had to be, Cole decided as he slowed his horse back onto the path. If she'd been married, any kind of husband wouldn't have left her alone this long. If he was a big time lawyer and they'd had a fling that produced a child, he could handle that but the embrace he witnessed between them left much to his vivid imagination. 
Watching him ride up, Sybil smiled and stepped from the porch waving. The coolness of the midday wind nipped at her still flushed cheeks as she walked toward the barn and Cole. As he approached she pulled the barn door open and stepped inside. Sybil wrapped her arms around her waist and smiled as he slid from the saddle and untied his satchel. She was certain now that she wanted him to stay. After talking to Robert, she'd realized the feelings she'd once had for Robert were not the same as she'd been feeling about Cole. As he started tugging on the straps of the saddle, his silence weighed on her shoulders. "I cleared a stall for him," she started softly as she walked around the front of the stallion and softly stroked his face. She'd hoped all morning that by her making a permanent space for his horse, Cole would realize she wanted him to stay. A quick nod and sharp grunt wasn't exactly the response she'd expected but as he turned to set the saddle over the rail she noticed the strained paleness of his face. "Cole, are you feeling ok," she stepped forward raising her hand to check for fever. A small gasp slipped from her lips as he startled her, grabbing her wrist and stopping her from touching him. "I am fine. The doctor said I'm right as rain," he muttered flatly as he let go of her arm and turned away leading the stallion into the stall. Still shocked by his actions and cold demeanor, Sybil stood there with her mouth open in disbelief as she wringed her fingers around her wrist. Closing the stall gate, Cole turned back toward her and watched the deep rise and fall of her chest as she stood gaping at his reaction. "Cole, I don't understand. Are you angered with me? Why are you acting so cold," her soft voice flittered into the stifling heat of the barn as the beginning of tears glimmered in her eyes as she watched him. God she is beautiful, he thought. Watching the moisture pool in the corners of her eyes, his heart thumped loudly in his ears. His breath caught in his throat as the idea of making her cry tore at his heart. With a quick step forward, he wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her against him. Watching her eyes widen at the speed of his movements, Cole grinned as he lowered his head pressing his lips firmly over the soft curves of her mouth. Feeling the straightness of her surprise soften under the weight of his arms, Cole teased the tip of his tongue over the seam of her lips. Her mind whirled as the quickness of his arms left her feeling dizzy. The searing heat of his mouth wrapping over her lips, forming perfectly against the plump curves of her mouth had Sybil holding her breath until she relaxed, almost melting into the warmth of his arms. She had dreamed of this so many times in the past two weeks but the warm sweetness of his breath was more than her inexperienced mind could even begin to know. As the soft, pleading teases of his tongue pressed into the soft seam of her lips, Sybil sighed. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she leaned into the firmness of his body and parted her lips feeling the moist softness of his tongue slip over hers. Her slow rolling moans slipping between the soft passions of the kiss wrapped around them in the warmth of the barn as they tenderly teased and explored the depths of each other's mouths. Her heart pounded against his chest as the heated tingle playing over her body seemed to center into the depths of her stomach. "Cole," she whispered between the gentle rushes of heated kisses. The tightening of the soft mounds of her breasts ached as the hardness of his chest pressed against them. Sliding her fingers along the buttoned seam of his shirt, she pulled at the buttons slowly. Letting her fingers press against the heat of his skin under his shirt, Sybil moaned softly. Her mind whirled with the heated thoughts of falling to the ground wrapped in the strength of his arms, wanting to feel the bareness of his skin against hers and the rush of passion as he made her feel whole. Pulling his lips from hers, Cole pressed several soft kisses over her lips, smiling for a moment as her eyes opened and gazed dreamily into his. The heated hue of redness in her cheeks affirmed he'd accomplished what he'd set out to do, but the soft moans and the stroke of her fingers against his skin brought a burning flame of desire over him. The last few nights his thoughts had twisted around his desire to have her, to make love to her so passionately, but the blaze of jealousy betrayed his thoughts as the image of her in the lawyer's arms returned. Straightening his back and loosening his hold around her waist, he twisted the soft smile into the form of a cocky grin and stepped back. "Even the kid's father didn't make you blush like that." Shaking her head at the rawness of his tone, Sybil pressed her fingertips to the heated wetness of her lips and looked at him slowly as the words sank into her mind. Before it all could settle and make sense, she watched as Cole's face paled and he swayed falling fast to the ground. 

~*~ ~*~
The low bay of the cows and Jed's scent comforted her as she shivered and turned in his small bed pulling the blankets up over her shoulder. Though the mix of emotions attacked her over the last few hours, Sybil still sobbed quietly against Jed's pillow. Cursing herself lowly for not having the strength or courage to face him, anger swelled inside of her thinking of Cole sleeping in the warmth of her cabin. He was somewhat awake as she hauled him back into the bed and she could have faced him then. She should have stayed inside and taken care of him. He'd done too much too fast, it was no surprise he'd collapsed. After she'd settled him in the bed and made sure he was warm, she couldn't stand the confinement of the cabin. Sybil couldn't be there with him, so she made her way to Jed's small room. She couldn't figure out what his words meant, but she knew the tone was meant to hurt her and that it did. The feelings she'd felt growing over the past couple weeks toward Cole now twisted and turned in her stomach as she fought the memory of his breath on her lips and the coldness of his words in her ears. She hadn't told Cole much about Rose but obviously he heard something that made him think she was involved with Rose's father. That was impossible! Even if he had asked around town about her, everyone knew of Rose and how Sybil came to adopt her. It made no sense to her at all. Sybil flipped roughly in the small bed again turning her back toward the door as the creaking of the bed mingled with the torment of her thoughts and emotions. 
"Sybil, wake up," his voice floated amongst her tortured dreams. The warmth of his touch mingled with the passion of the kiss they had shared, "Sybil wake up! It's your daughter." "Rose," she whispered as she opened her eyes against the confusion of his voice in her dreams. "Sybil, get up my love. Your daughter is sick and she needs you." Jumping at the force of his hand pushing against her shoulder, Sybil spun quickly in the small bed and focused her eyes on the deep concern in the green pools of his eyes. "Come on, a man and an Indian woman brought her inside and sent me after you," he whispered softly as he pulled her from the bed and held the blankets around her tightly. "Rose," she half yelled as he slipped his arm under her legs lifting her and running toward the cabin. Jumping out of his arms as they entered the cabin, Sybil pushed past her two friends and fell beside the bed wrapping her arms around the sweat soaked frame of her daughter. "The doctor was right behind us Sybil. Daniel went to fetch him when she first starting being sick and crying for you. Her crying broke my heart and I started this way before Daniel and Dr. Brown could catch up. I knew you'd want her here at home," the soft worry filled voice of the young Indian woman floated behind her as the woman's arms wrapped around Sybil's shoulders. "How long has she been sick Dancing Moon," Sybil stuttered between sobs as she pressed kisses to the fevered forehead of the little girl. "Just today," the old friend assured, "but she slept a lot yesterday. Daniel and I thought she was just tired after Charlie and his family left." As the soft knock on the door vibrated in the small cabin, the little girl opened her hazed eyes, "Mama," she cried as she lifted her arms and Sybil pulled her into a tight hug. "Shh Rose, Mama is here. You are home and Dr. Brown is here to make you feel all better. I love you baby," Sybil sobbed as the doctor bowed his head, waiting as Sybil moved and sat slowly on the edge of the bed. Dancing Moon pulled Sybil into a hug as she stepped away from the bed. As worry over her daughter brought on a steady river of tears, Sybil stared over her friend's shoulder at Cole who hung his head and turned, quietly slipping out the front door. 
~*~ ~*~
It couldn't be possible he assured himself as the sun broke the morning haze and he stared at the path in front of him. She had been bundled when the Indian woman rushed her inside the cabin and ordered him to find Sybil, but he had gotten a glance. The darkness of his curls wrapped around the blanket, the warm deep tone of Cecilia's skin showed in the fragile fingers of her small hand. When she'd opened her eyes and called to Sybil, it had been his own eyes staring back at him. He'd been in the town, he'd seen most of the area and while most of the woods held a hint of familiarity nothing else had. It had been so long he couldn't remember passing through any small towns. All he could remember was that damned burrow in the rocks! Every night for a year he dreamed of the path he thought he'd taken and hoped that the day he could take it again he'd find her, somewhere, somehow. Stopping every few yards, Cole scanned the areas to the north of the path. He had prayed that someone would find her. Someone, not something but he hadn't any other choice. He didn't know who was after him. If it had been the law, sure they'd have taken the child and made sure she was taken care of, but if it had been that gambler and his men, they'd have killed her for sure. His memories turning back to the day he'd tracked down Cecilia and found her working in a dance hall, he didn't imagine that day would have changed his life so profoundly. The few letters she'd written to him that he actually received during the battles, she often told him of her moving to different places looking for work. It had been a long time since he'd gotten a letter from her and tracking her down took months, but Cole knew, no matter what her past was, when he found her he would marry her. The last time he'd seen her, they'd made love for the last time and he knew he'd found the love of his life. The war kept him away so much longer than he'd planned. Each letter filled with her desperation tore at his heart as she finally told him she had become a dancehall girl to support herself. She was still so beautiful the day he found her. His memories of their time together and the letters she'd written to him are the things that kept him pushing through the tedious battles of the war. When he'd shown up in Gonzales and checked in with a source he'd used to find her, Cole never expected what he'd find in her small room. Knocking softly on the door, the bruises and scars on her face stopped the beat of his heart as the loving eyes of his first love stared back at him. She confided in him about the gambler who'd taken to beating the girls if they didn't give him a part of their wages. Before he could find the bastard and kill him, she calmed him and placed the small bundle in his arms. "Rose, this is your father," her gentle voice haunted his memories again as he scanned over a gathering of boulders and slid from the saddle. Walking slowly through the slippery melting snow, Cole dropped to his knees in front of the small burrow, pressed his palm against the crude carving of a rose against the flat side of the rock and sobbed. 
~*~ ~*~

"Mama, cows. Moooo," the soft frail voice tickled against her chest as Sybil lay beside the fevered child fighting sleep as the sun shone brightly through the cabin windows. Laughing softly as she pressed her lips against the heat of the child's forehead, Sybil whispered, "Yes Rose. Cows go Mooo." She was thankful her daughter had been awake more than Cole had, but the heart wrenching sounds of the child's sickness through the past two nights had been more than Sybil could take. As she stretched and sat up slowly, for a brief moment she wondered where he was. He hadn't been back since her friends had brought Rose home. Still confused and hurt by the words he'd used after the heated passion of their kiss, Sybil sighed softly realizing she still missed him. "Are you hungry," she yawned before pressing another soft kiss against her daughter's forehead. As the little girl shivered and pulled the quilt tighter around her, the dark circles under her usually bright eyes pulled at Sybil's heart. "Me eat Mama," Rose nodded and forced a smile as Sybil stepped into the kitchen. Reaching for the milk jar, Sybil sighed heavily. She hadn't been out to tend to the animals in two days. The heifers were probably swollen with milk and she had none for Rose's breakfast. Sybil uncovered the small pot of chicken broth and stoked the fire in the stove. Turning her tired swollen eyes back toward her daughter, Sybil smiled watching the little angel play with one of her dolls. "How about some chicken broth Rose," she asked hoping the child's stomach would agree not wanting to hear the wrenching sounds of her child getting sick again. As she stirred the broth, Sybil worried over her sick child and Cole's absence until the soft knock at the door interrupted her thoughts. Shuffling her feet toward the door, Sybil stopped and tucked the covers in around her daughter before crossing to the front of the cabin. Opening the door slowly, she narrowed her eyes against the brightness of the sun and focused on the blurred shadow. "I thought you'd be out of milk by now," the deepness of his voice rumbled in her ears. Sudden flashes of anger then worry followed by relief flooded her as she fell against his chest and cried. Wrapping his arms around her slowly, he inhaled the warm lavender scent of her hair and sighed. After the way he'd acted in the barn a few days ago, he didn't know what her reaction would be but he knew the child was sick and that regardless he had to talk to Sybil. 
After she'd introduced him to her Rose as "Mama's friend Cole" Sybil sat back in the rocking chair and watched through heavy eyes as Cole carefully fed the broth to her sick child. The way he looked at Rose, the softness of his voice and the attention he paid to the weary ramblings of the small child made Sybil smile. As the exhaustion of the past couple days set heavy over her, Sybil's mind turned over dreamy images of her, Cole and Rose walking hand in hand. Stretching her arms over her head, Sybil yawned watching the heavy lids of her daughter's eyes drift closed. Cole moved like a dream in her eyes as he carried the empty bowl into the kitchen, poured a cup of coffee and returned, standing beside the rocking chair. "Come on Mama," he teased in a low soft voice, "you need some fresh air, sunshine and coffee." Slipping her fingers into his extended hand, Sybil stood slowly. Watching him tuck the blankets around her daughter, Sybil smiled and stepped under the arch of his arm as he guided her out the front door. "It's warm out and the fresh air will do her good," he assured as he pulled the door partly closed behind them and motioned Sybil toward the bench near the end of the porch. "Cole," she started as she blew slowly over her cup of coffee waiting for him to sit, "Rose isn't my child." Exhaling deeply against the sleepiness skewing her thoughts, she shook her head softly and turned to Cole as he draped his arm over her shoulders. "I mean, she is but I adopted Rose. It's a long story, but I don't know what you meant about her father. I don't know who her parents are. I don'-" her voice trailed as he raised his hand and pressed his finger softly against her lips. "What I said was rude and wrong Sybil. As much as I wanted to kiss you, I shouldn't have done it that way. When I saw," he paused for a long moment and swallowed hard, running his fingers through his hair before regaining his thoughts. "I saw the lawyer in town. From his stare toward me and then from the blush on your cheeks when he left here, I just assumed he was your child's father." Cole's head lowered as she traced her eyes over his face. "You saw Robert here," she questioned as the confusion and weariness wrinkled her brow. Nodding slowly, Cole raised his gaze back to hers and licked his lips, "Who is he Sybil?" 
As she finished explaining her history with Robert, including how they'd met through Jed and who Jed was to her, Sybil watched a sort of relief pull the tensed muscles of Cole's face letting his expression soften. "Whatever blush you thought you saw came from clearing the stall for your horse," she laughed lightly as his fingers brushed her hair over her shoulder. "At one time, I wanted nothing more than to marry Robert Wilks and raise Rose as our daughter, but now," she stopped mid-sentence and looked deep into the green sparkles of his eyes. "Cole," she questioned softly watching the moisture build in his eyes as tears threatened to spill from the deep green pools. Cole sat quietly fighting back emotions as his arm dropped from her shoulder and he tangled his fingers into hers resting their joined hands in her lap. Clearing his throat he turned the sadness of his eyes back to Sybil and started softly, "I had a daughter once Sybil." The ragged edge of his breathing as he spoke and the way he said it tore at Sybil's heart. Squeezing his hand, she sighed softly trying to keep the tears from taking over her own eyes. As the chirp of the crickets and the sweet songs of the birds filled the long silence between them, Cole draped his arm again over her shoulders and pulled her close as she leaned in laying her head against his shoulder. The slow steady rhythm of his breathing with the exhaustion she'd been fighting for two days lulled Sybil to sleep. Feeling his arm slip under her, she laid her head on his shoulder as he carried her inside, lowered her into her own bed and pressed a soft kiss to her lips. 
"Shh, Mama's sleepin," the softness of her daughter's voice whispered amongst the restful dreams. Sybil smiled and opened her eyes slowly against the glow of the morning's light spilling into her small room. Deep soft laughter echoed before she recognized his voice, "Yes Rose, Mama's sleeping, but we don't want her breakfast to get cold do we?" Clinching her fingers around the top of the quilt, Sybil quickly pulled it up over her remembering she'd changed into her thin nightgown. Turning from the warmth of the sunlight caressing over her face, Sybil rolled on her back and faced the door. Shaking her head slowly, Sybil tried clearing her mind of the dream seeing Cole standing in her doorway holding Rose on his hip. As he walked slowly across the room and sat on the edge of the bed, Sybil smiled feeling the pressure of Rose crawling over her. "Good morning Mama," he whispered softly returning the smile as Rose echoed him. "Mornin Mama," the sweetness of her voice brought tears to Sybil's eyes as she pulled her daughter close and kissed her forehead. Sitting up quickly, wrapping her arms around the little girl, Sybil kissed her forehead again before the excitement in her voice almost screamed, "her fever is gone!" Cole chuckled as he brushed the long blonde locks over Sybil's shoulder and tickled the little girl's side, "Yes and she woke up hungry." Hugging her daughter and rocking her slowly, Sybil gazed at the softness of his smile. 
"Thank you," she half whispered as she raised her hand and ran her fingers softly over his as it lay on the table. His eyes caressing over her without the longing and sorrow that had always been present deep inside those green pools, Cole cleared his throat and savored the warmth of her touch. "For breakfast and for taking care of Rose last night and this morning," she finished as she slowly chewed the last bit of eggs. A soft smile creased the corners of his lips as he looked back and forth between the little girl and Sybil. "She was hungry and you were so tired. What I've put you through-," Cole lowered his eyes and the smile faded into a twist of sorrow. "Sybil," he started again as his fingers slipped from under hers and held her hand tight, "I was hoping maybe I could stay in that old room out there and stick around. Maybe help you with Rose until she's feeling better and help around the farm." Feeling the soft caress of his fingers over hers and the tight heated tingle deep inside of her, Sybil shifted in her chair and stared into the softness of his beautiful green eyes. Swallowing softly as she scolded the tingle growing inside of her, Sybil exhaled slowly. "You can't stay in that old room," she started quietly, watching the gleam in his eyes fade as he lowered his head. "But I'd love for you to stay around. To help with the farm I mean," she finished with a soft smile as she squeezed against his hand. A new look of hope and happiness played on his face as she explained the old room was Jed's and offered to let him stay in the spare bed he'd been using until spring when he could add a room to the barn. 

~*~ ~*~

"I still don't like the idea of it Honeybee. I know alot happened while I was gone and you could use the help around here. But I don't know if I like the idea of him in your cabin with you and the baby." The heavy stain of concern in the old man's voice made Sybil smile as she watched him rub his fingers over his stubble covered wrinkled chin. His eyes keen as a hawk's as he watched Cole replacing some broken boards on the corral and Rose following him around like a puppy. "He's good with Rose, Jed. You will see. The way he reacts to her, it's almost as if she were his own daughter," Sybil assured the old man as she smoothed a palm over his shoulder trying to comfort his fears. "So why didn't he add a room to the barn instead of that other room to the cabin," the caution in his voice was deep as he pondered over the man's intentions. Sybil laughed and leaned over Jed's shoulder wrapping her arms around him in a tight hug. "Jed, he was already staying in the cabin over a month. I thought it was nice he wanted to build Rose her own bedroom. She is growing up you know," she chuckled as the old man just sighed. 
Sybil pressed her palm over her stomach smoothing the thin material of her shirt as she glanced back over her shoulder and smiled watching the pout still play over the old man's features. "Mama," the excited yell of her daughter's voice greeting her as she stepped into the barn, letting her eyes adjust to the lighting. "There's my little Texas Rose," Sybil teased as she lifted her daughter into a hug and grunted softly, "my you sure are getting big!" The child's giggle pushed heated breaths over her cheeks as Sybil narrowed her eyes and smiled once again watching Cole appear from one of the stalls. Setting the girl back to her feet, Sybil pulled at the hem of the child's dress and whispered softly, "I think Pa could use a hug." "Pa, Pa," the little girl sang as she ran out the barn heading back to Jed. Sybil laughed quietly watching the happiness of her daughter and silently thanking God for making her well again. As she turned back toward the stalls, Sybil collided into the soft but strong chest. His large hands wrapped gently around her hips, steadying her as he lowered his head and inhaled the soft scent of lavender. Gasping softly as she raised her eyes to his, Sybil smiled finding the softness of his gaze. "So," his deep voice started lowly as his hands slid over the curve of her hips and his arms wrapped around her waist. "The old man still doesn't like me," he questioned. Sybil laughed softly as her palms smoothed over the damp, sweat licked skin of his arms to the rolled sleeves of his shirt. A slow burn began in the core of her as she leaned back into the cradle of his arms around her waist. Licking softly over her lips, she shook her head from side to side as her fingers caressed small circles over the bare part of his arms. "He's just worried about his girls," she almost whispered her voice low and crackled with the intensity of the knotted heat growing inside of her. Cole stared down at her, lowering his gaze slowly over her face then down her neck to the shadow of the opened button of her shirt. Wetting his lips with a slow pass of his tongue, his eyes rested in the shadowy place, watching the slow rise and fall of her chest as he pulled her closer. Pressing the softness of his lips against her forehead, he placed small kisses along the ragged scar stopping short near the corner of her lips. "What about you? Do you like me," he whispered. The warmth of his breath tickled against the dampness of her parted lips as she softly panted through the growing tingle spreading over her body. The heat between their bodies was stifling. The dark wooded scent of his body infiltrated her senses as his slow deep breaths pressed his chest against her. Trailing her fingers over his shoulders, Sybil stared into the deep green seas of his eyes, finding the longing playing in the pools that matched the desire growing inside of her. Pressing up on her toes, snaking her arms behind his neck, Sybil pressed her parted lips to his, exhaling slowly as his tongue slipped between them. 
The warm air wrapped around her as she stood on the porch and waved. "You two be careful. I'll see you tonight for supper," she called as Jed waved back over his shoulder and Rose bounced in the seat of the wagon. "Bye Mama!" Daniel had brought the message that Robert wanted to talk to Jed when he'd delivered the goods the day before and it was little surprise that Jed wanted to take Rose to town with him. He did love the little girl dearly, as any grandfather would. That's exactly what he was to Rose, her Pa. As much as he'd been a father to Sybil the last few years, he was every bit the grandfather to Rose. Watching Cole emerge from the barn with two buckets of milk brought a smile to Sybil's lips. A day alone, she thought as the warmth of the summer sun trickled over her skin. The past three weeks had been a dream. Often she'd found herself wrapped in Cole's arms enjoying the sweetness of his breath as they fell into the passion of their kisses. So many times she found herself wanting to know him more, know all of him, only to be interrupted by Jed or Rose when they had found the couple's hiding places. As he brushed past her and smiled, Sybil shivered at the seemingly electric spark that always accompanied his touch. She couldn't control herself at times and would reach out to feel him against her and feel his kisses on her lips. Wrapping her arms around her waist, Sybil hugged herself as she listened to the birds chirping in the trees and closed her eyes to the soft shuffling of his feet as he made his way into the cabin and back out to the porch. The soft pressure of his fingers slid over her hips, smoothing their way over her stomach as he stepped behind her and wrapped his arms around her. Sybil inhaled his deep wooded scent that always made her heart quicken and exhaled slowly as the softness of his lips pressed against her neck. "I have a surprise for you," he whispered against the curve of her ear. Stepping beside her leaving his arm around her waist Cole walked her toward the barn and the wagon he'd loaded waiting inside. They traveled a way down the road away from town to a small clearing near the river. After eating the picnic lunch he'd hidden in the wagon, they laid in each other's arms listening to the soft gentle flow of the water. 
"Sybil," he whispered as he pressed another soft kiss against her temple and pulled his arm closer, sliding her against his side. Pushing her elbow under her, Sybil rested her head in her palm and smiled down at him as his fingers traced slowly over her cheek. "Tell me about this," he pleaded softly as he turned catching the soft gaze of her eyes. Pain tightened over his chest as the sadness seemed to dim the once bright shine of her brown eyes. Swallowing back against the lump in her throat, Sybil started low telling him about her past. Cole ran his fingers through her hair as she recalled the horrible memories of her mother and father's deaths. When she told about John Henry and the night she had gotten the scar, his arms tensed around her in anger. Her voice softened as she spoke of Jed and the years she'd spent recovering under the loving watch of the old man. Sybil pressed her cheek against his chest as the tears of her past finally broke free and fell over the softness of her face. Long heartbreaking minutes passed as he held her tight, listening to the ghosts of her past haunt her in the soft sobs that soaked into his shirt. Slipping his hand under her cheek, Cole slowly caressed the curve of her chin before lifting her face. Leaning up he pressed his lips against the wetness of her tears, trailing his kisses down to her lips. Sybil shifted slowly pulling her body against his side as his breath lingered on her lips. "I would never hurt you Sybil," he whispered between the soft caress of their lips on one another. The warm thickness of his tongue caressed over the softness of hers as she sighed. The now familiar tingle began again in the pit of her stomach as his arms wrapped tightly around her and turned them on the small blanket. Wrapping the fingers of his hand under her shoulders and into the soft blond tresses of her hair, Cole's body pressed against her side with the slow burning passion of their kiss. Caught up in the heat of the kiss and the growing yearn in her stomach, Sybil gasped softly as his palm pressed fully over her breast and squeezed softly. "Cole," she whispered as their lips parted and his hand moved to the buttons of her shirt. The deep green shimmer of his eyes seemed to pulse with the same urgent passion she felt in the pit of her stomach as he looked up at her. "Yes my love," he whispered softly pressing another kiss to her lips. Sybil swallowed hard, lifting her head trying to keep the warmth of his lips against hers as her shaky voice barely made a sound. "I-," she started then cleared her throat against the creakiness of her voice," I've never, you know. I've never bee-." The deep probe of his tongue into the recesses of her mouth cut off the words forcing a soft moan from the back of her throat as his fingers tugged against the buttons of her shirt. 
Her fingers trembled over the smoothness of his bare back as he rose positioning himself over top of her. Sybil chewed on her lip as his weight pressed over her hips and his eyes returned to hers. "I would never hurt you Sybil," he repeated again as he lowered his head and pressed his lips against hers. The heated moisture between her legs let the hard silken shaft of his arousal slide over her sensitive flesh. The now demanding ache in the pit of her stomach tightened as she raised her hips slowly, pressing her heated flesh into him. Slow gentle pushes of his manhood teased between her folds as he shifted his hips and slid into the wetness just a bit. Sybil gasped and dug her fingers into the hard muscles of his shoulders feeling the pressure between her legs as he rocked slowly barely entering into her body. "Cole," she whispered against the curve of his neck, her voice pleading as he pressed his arousal deeper inside of her. Pushing her hips against the sudden fullness between her thighs, Sybil screamed out as the sharp pain and burn dug deep inside of her. Cole pressed his lips to hers, slipping his tongue into the heated softness of her mouth and slowly lowered his weight over her. Wrapping his arms around her tightly, he lay still, holding her in the passion of his kiss as her body slowly softened again in his arms. "Sybil," he whispered with worry as the tears fell from her closed eyes. Her arms wrapped around his neck again as she opened her eyes to his soft gaze and pressed her hips against his. The soft low murmur of the river seemed to set the rhythm of their lovemaking as pleasured moans and urgent groans lifted from the cozy clearing near the riverbank. "Oh Cole.. Oh.." she muttered as her thighs clamped around his waist, burying her face into the soft curve of his neck as her body shook violently against the quake of pleasure coursing through her. As his arms wrapped around her stilling the shaking, his eyes glazed feeling the pull of her release against him as he groaned. Pushing his hips fully into the gentle valley of her thighs, Cole shivered as his passion spilled into her. Rolling onto his back, he pulled her body on top of his covering them with the blanket as the soft trembles of her muscles squeezed against the final release of his love for her.
With the smile pressed permanently to her lips, she kissed softly against the soft curls of hair on his chest. The gentle caress of his finger through her hair and the steady rhythm of his heart pressing against her breast made Sybil sigh. As she slowly studied the gentle lines of his face, she wondered if her own reflected the complete happiness she saw in his eyes. Pulling herself up his chest slowly to press her lips against his, Sybil giggled softly feeling the soft urging pressing between her thighs once again. As the slow lazy smile on his lips tightened into a sexy coy smile, Cole pressed his hands against the ground and sat up before wrapping his arms tightly around her waist. Parting her lips with a soft sigh, Sybil closed her eyes against the slow entry of him sliding back into the depths of her body. "I love you Sybil Delacroix," she thought she heard the softness of his voice whisper as she opened her eyes, locking her gaze on his. Searching the depths of his dark green eyes, she bit down on her lip as she raised her hips and slowly lowered them again. "Say it again," she begged quietly as his fingers caressed over the rounded curve of her bottom. The slow smooth motion of her hips rising and falling against the fullness then loss of his thickness as she whispered a bit louder, "Say it again Cole, please, just say it again." His fingers trailed over her bottom before digging into the softness of her hips as he stopped her slow movement and forced her eyes to stay on his. As she stilled in his lap, Cole raised one hand slipping it into her hair behind her head and looked deep into her eyes. "I love you Sybil Delacroix. I'll say it over and over again if that's what you want. I love you. I love you. I love y-," his voice trailed as his lips pressed to hers pulling her deep into the slow burning passion of his kiss. 

Chapter Four

"Where are we going," he asked as he playfully nibbled her ear. The heated spicy scent of their lovemaking wafted around them as the wagon bounced down the path. Sybil smiled letting a soft moan slip from her lips as she leaned into the heat of his breath against her ear. Laughing softly as his hand slid over the denim of her thigh, Sybil pulled back on the reigns of the horse and slowed the wagon to a stop. Wrapping her fingers into his, she turned sideways on the wagon seat and locked her eyes on his. "There is something I want to show you," she started softly as he pressed his lips to hers. Giggling again, she pushed against his chest, "come on, it's getting late and it will be hard to see if it gets too dark." Cole slid out of the wagon seat and looked around before turning to help Sybil to the ground. Catching and holding her against his chest as she slid down, he smiled and kissed her deeply once more before letting her go. With his fingers tangled into hers, Cole walked slowly behind Sybil as she pulled him this way and that through the trees just north of the path. The insistent urging pushed against the front of his trousers as he watched the gentle sway of her hips and the denim of her trousers pull tight over her rear as she climbed over small boulders. "Here," her soft voice broke his study of her backside as he looked up and surveyed the area. His chest tightened as the familiarity settled over him and Sybil dropped to her knees, pressing her palm against a gathering of boulders. "Cole," her voice soft and questioning as he brought his eyes back to the soft shimmer of happiness playing in her eyes. Reaching out for his hand, Sybil smiled as he stepped forward and knelt beside her. "What is this," he half whispered almost wishing he didn't already know. Sliding her hand down the flat surface of one of the boulders, Sybil wrapped her fingers around their joined hands and smiled. "This is where my whole life changed," she started not noticing the squeeze of his hand inside of hers. Cole traced slowly over the rough etching of the flower on the rock, fighting back the tears that threatened to overtake him. "This is where I found Rose," Sybil continued before the rambling of her story became a blur of noises in his head. 
"Cole! Cole," she screamed as she ran back through the twisted trunks of the trees trying to catch up with him. The low branches clawed and tore at her face as she swerved in and out of the thick clumps of trees. "Cole, what's wrong? Wait, what are you doing," she cried breathlessly as she leaned against a tree and watched him tie the single horse back to the wagon. Sybil breathed deeply trying to refill her lungs from the rushed sprint after him when he darted from the woods and headed back toward the wagon. As he fashioned a lead rope into a bridle around the second mare's neck, Sybil lunged forward again, reaching for his shoulder. "Cole, please. What's wrong," she begged as tears began to slide over her cheeks. He stood still for what seemed like an eternity before turning around to her. The darkness in his eyes caught her breath in her throat as he stepped forward and grabbed the top of her arms. She'd never realized his sheer height until just then as he loomed over her staring hard into her eyes. Her lips trembled as she tried to call to him again. "I have something I need to do Sybil. Get home. Go home now and don't look back," he ordered her coldly as he shook her by the shoulders. "Cole please," she muttered before his grip on her arms tightened and he pushed her toward the wagon. "Go home Sybil," he raised his voice into the air as he threw his leg over the bare back of the mare, kicked hard against her sides and took off down the path toward town. 

~*~ ~*~

Sybil steeled her breath and straightened her back as his arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her against his chest. "I'm glad you came," the softness of his voice trickled down her cheek and played in the shallow pool of the curve of her neck. "You said it was important Robert," she sighed as she pushed him away, backing out of his arms. It had been three months now since Cole had disappeared into the shadows of dusk. She tortured herself every day since trying to think of why he'd left her the way he had. He'd taken her innocence and he'd taken her heart but since he'd disappeared Robert had been persistently trying to get her back. Before Cole and the day he'd made love to her so vigorously then disappeared, Sybil would have been delighted at the news of Robert's divorce. Now though, after three long months of missing and longing for the man that was as much a part of her heart as her young daughter, Sybil could find no comfort in Robert's pursuit of her. Robert groaned softly and lowered his head as she stepped around the finely upholstered chair in front of his desk and sat down. Raking his fingers through his hair as he straightened his jacket and took a seat on the desk in front of her, Robert cleared his throat. "I received word someone had been looking into Rose's adoption, Sybil," the earlier softness of his voice giving way to the starch legal tone. Her heart stopped. "What do you mean Robert? It's been almost two years! Who would have.. why would anyone...Robert," the fear flashed in her eyes as the swimming questions churned leaving only one that needed to be answered. "Robert, no one can take Rose from me can they," the tremble of her lips and the moist pools of tears punctuated the reality of the fear she'd long since let go of. The long silence tightened the grip of fear in her chest as she sat twisting her fingers together. Letting out a low sigh as he rubbed his fingers over the stressed wrinkles of his forehead, Robert raised his eyes watching the tremble of the tears pull at the corners of her eyes. "If someone has a legal claim to her, if they can produce witnesses to the fact of parenthood," he paused as the tears broke and fell down her cheeks. Standing he stepped toward her and crouched beside her. "They can fight you for custody of their own child. You would have to battle it out in the courts," he finished as he smoothed his thumb over her cheek trying to push away the tears. The news and the weight of sadness overwhelmed her. Leaning forward into his arms, Sybil pressed her face into his shoulder as the flood of tears and the bone rattling sobs overtook her. "Robert, I can't afford a long court battle. They can't take my daughter away from me," she stuttered between heart wrenching sobs as he whispered into her ear trying to sooth her. "Marry me Sybil," he whispered into the warm mess of her hair. Sybil sat up straight, pushing her hands against his shoulders as her eyes flew open. As her lips trembled and he watched her mental fight for words, Robert knelt on one knee and pulled her hand into his before looking into her eyes. "Marry me and we'll fight for Rose. I'm a lawyer and I can afford whatever battle they put before us. Just say you will marry me Sybil and no one will ever take Rose away from you." 

~*~ ~*~

"Ok you two, game is over. Come out from hiding now," the soft voice of the Indian woman rang in Sybil's ears against the pounding of her headache.  The laughter and playful chatter of her daughter and Little Feather's son echoed against the constant throb of pain behind her eyes. "He is gone now," her voice called as she opened the door and rushed to Sybil's side. Every muscle in her body tensed, her eyes slamming shut as her stomach forcefully expelled the remainder of her breakfast into the pail beside the bed. "Sybil drink this," Little Feather whispered softly as she pulled Sybil back against the pillow and passed a cool cloth over her forehead. Sybil raised her head slowly against the arguing growls of her stomach and sipped the warm bitter tea before opening her eyes. "What did Robert say," she questioned her friend as she lay back against the pillow willing the bitter liquid to stay down. Little Feather exhaled deeply as she dipped the cloth back into the bowl of cool water, looking over Sybil with worry in her eyes. "Little Feather please," she pleaded wrapping her fingers around the soft hand of her friend. Dropping her head low, the Indian woman squeezed Sybil's hand and started softly, "The father has proven his paternity with letters from witnesses. Sybil, Robert showed me the copy of the paper. Cole's name is on it." The hard sob and tears choked Sybil as she sat up and gagged again, her stomach releasing its fit into the pail once again. The soft chanting tone of the elder medicine man's wife flittered between the wrenching gags as the sickness and sadness cursed and tumbled in Sybil's brain. "I.. I have to marry him then," Sybil stuttered between the wrenching gags and tears. "No," the old woman's usually soft weak voice was strong as she spoke in the chanting rhythm of her native language. As Sybil turned her wearily tear weighted gaze toward the old woman, Little Feather squeezed her hand. "Mother says the dark man is your baby's father," she paused as she looked down at the confusion on Sybil's face. "We know that now," Sybil stuttered wondering why the old woman would bring it up again, "You saw the paper saying he was Rose's father." Little Feather listened intently to her mother as she slowly shook her head side to side. Lifting her hand from Sybil's, she pressed her palm against the rumbling growls of Sybil's stomach. "This baby," she whispered softly. Sybil swallowed back the gag trying to force its way out, "No," she screamed as her head sank back into the pillow and the tears overtook her once more. 
Dreams haunted her restless sleep as she tossed and turned, waking occasionally at the urging of her stomach to expel her breakfast for the third morning in a row. The muted voices drifting in from the porch mingled with the fight in her mind. "She has to marry Robert, Jed. If Cole takes Rose and finds out about this baby, it will kill her," Little Feather's voice rang clear in the fog of her dreams. "No," the usually weary crackled voice of the old man cut off Little Feather's sentence, "I think this is all wrong. Cole loves her as much as he loves Rose. This is a misunderstanding!" "If the big ranch sells, we can fight for Rose," she heard the strong deep tone of White Eagle's voice over the soft chanting of the elder woman's voice. "Mother says she has seen Sybil and the dark man carrying two children wrapped in their love," Little Feather quieted as she repeated her mother's words in English. Sybil squeezed her eyes closed with tears rushing over her cheeks. She'd dreamed and prayed that someday she'd marry Cole and raise Rose as a family. Even with the news of the infant growing inside of her, she longed for him, but as the other's fears filtered into her thoughts and dreams, Sybil's heart ached at the thought of him trying to take Rose from her. She did love Cole, but losing both her children was not going to be an option. Would Robert still want to marry her knowing she carried the child of another man? He knew all about Rose and loved her dearly, but Rose wasn't Sybil's child by birth. Could he accept being the father of two children that were not his own and if he could, could she love him again or enough to raise both her children? As the sorrow of the tears and the potency of the bitter liquid weighted her eyes, Sybil made her decision as she drifted back into fitful dreams.
"Sybil, my darling," his soft voice echoed in her ears as she cringed at the words. Feeling the weight of his hand on hers and the gentle squeezing did nothing to sooth the foul taste left in her mouth by those words. My darling. Opening her eyes slowly, Sybil jolted, opening her eyes wide as she crawled back in her bed at the flash of her memory reflecting John Henry's face in her eyes. "Sybil, Sybil," his voice drenched in worry as he grabbed her shoulders and shook her softly," Sybil my darling, it's me Robert." Blinking quickly, Sybil narrowed her eyes forcing them to focus on his face. Letting out a low sigh, she relaxed staring into Robert's eyes. "Don't call me darling," she whispered softly as she tried to focus the fuzziness of her brain. Soft laughter surrounded her as he scooted further up the bed and pulled her into his arms. "Ok my love, never again," his voice chuckled over her shoulder as she tensed in the pull of his arms. "That either," she sniffed as she dropped her forehead to his shoulder and cried softly. Robert wrapped his arms around her tighter as he pulled her against him and rocked back and forth. "Shh, shh sweetheart, Father told me you wanted to see me. Tell me, what has you this upset," his voice feathered softly over her ear as his sincerity tugged heavily at her heart. She had made her decision, but sitting here in his arms, the sadness in her soul as he held her close wouldn't let her form the words. After long minutes of rocking her, trying to sooth the heartbreaking sobs that ravaged the body of the woman he loved, Robert sat back lifting her tear stained face to his as he stared deep into her eyes. As if he knew, or felt why she had wanted him here, Robert exhaled softly, "Sybil, will you marry me?" She could feel the warmth of his arms around her. She could see the truth of his love in his eyes. As Sybil opened her mouth to speak, her eyes widened as her stomach clinched. Forcing herself from his arms, she laid over the edge of the bed and gave into the vile burning lava fighting its way free from her stomach. "Sybil," he yelled as he stood and quickly ran around the bed. Pulling her hair back as he reached for the cold cloth in the bowl of water on the bedside table, Robert pressed the damp coolness against her forehead and slumped over her as the sickness wretched her body. Worry trembled in his voice as he rubbed softly over her back and whispered words trying to sooth her. "I'm pregnant," she croaked abruptly through the hurls of gagging. As the weight of his body lifted from her back and the violent throws of her stomach's displeasure eased, Sybil turned her face toward him and swallowed hard. 
~*~ ~*~
"I wish you didn't have to go," she sobbed quietly as the old man settled onto the seat of the wagon. Ugh, why did she cry at everything these days! Sybil wrestled with her emotions as she raised her arms and helped Rose from the wagon. "I will be back Honeybee. The Kiowa will be checking in on you and our little Texas Rose," he smiled as he leaned over and ruffled the dark black curls of the little girl's hair. "Jed," she started again softly. "Let Robert make his own decision. He has alot to consider," she lowered her head and rubbed her palm over the tightness of her stomach. Shaking his head, the old man's shoulders sank, "I'm not going to talk to Robert. I have other business I need to take care of." Watching as Rose ran toward the cabin, Sybil sighed, "Be careful please. I couldn't stand to lose anyone else." Before the old man could say anything, the happiness of the young girl's voice brought his eyes down in front of Sybil. "Bye Pa, here's a flower to 'member Rose," the child smiled brightly as she held up one of the dainty red roses that had been growing near the porch. They both laughed as Sybil helped Rose back into the wagon and Jed hugged her tight. "I'd never forget either one of my girls," Jed chuckled and pinched the child's cheek.
As the coolness of the fall evening wrapped around them, Sybil called Rose inside for supper. Sitting down to the small table for their meal, Sybil turned her thoughts over and over in her head. "Rose," she called quietly as she watched her daughter slurp the soup from the spoon, "do you love Robert?" The happy rapid nodding of the little girl made Sybil smile as she watched her slide from the chair and grab the doll Robert had given her. "I loves Robert Mama, he gives me Sarah," she beamed as she settled back in her chair and held the doll up. "Yes he did," she sighed lightly. She knew her daughter loved Robert, but the energetic response didn't sooth her troubled heart the way she hoped it would have. "Rose, would you like Robert to be your Papa someday," she questioned the child again as she reached across the table and squeezed softly over Rose's hand. The usual sparkle in the bright green eyes that reminded her so much of Cole's seemed to dim as the little girl lowered her head and played with the yarn hair of the doll. "Rose, tell Mama what you feel," Sybil urged her slowly as she smoothed her fingers over her daughter's hand. Rose combed her fingers over the yarn covered head of the doll and nibbled on her lip for a long moment of silence. The softness of her eyes turning back to Sybil as she raised her head. Her lips twisted as she thought about her words before she opened her mouth slowly. "No," the soft voice echoed in Sybil's mind as she watched the slow shaking of her daughter's head, "Cole's not my Papa?" The question stabbed deep into Sybil's heart. Rose hadn't even mentioned Cole in the three and a half months he'd been gone. Tears pressed the corners of her eyes realizing her dreams had also been the thoughts of the young girl. Curling the fingers on her hand, Sybil motioned for Rose to sit with her as the tears began to fall slowly down her cheeks. Rose crawled into her lap, looked up at Sybil and kissed the wet path of the tears, "Mama, why are you sad?" Sybil hugged her daughter tightly and rocked back and forth in the chair. The soft breathing of the child, the slow creak of the chair and the low rumble of Sybil's sobs filled the lonesome cabin. 

Chapter Five

The chill of the air set deep into his bones as Jed shivered pulling his jacket and a thick blanket around his shoulders. It had only been two days and he was only half way to Gonzales, but the tingling pain in his knees and hips made his decision to stop a necessary one. He mentally fussed at his pains and age as he stepped down from the wagon. "Any time before I could just sleep in the wagon or pitch a tent," he grumbled as he made his way into the warmth of the small hotel. After paying for a room for the night, Jed walked into the dining room of the small hotel and smiled. It was warm and the delicious smell of the food made his stomach rumble. Settling behind the table closest to the fireplace, Jed's bones cracked and groaned as he removed his jacket and hung it on the back of the chair. Though the loud piano and noise from the nearby dancehall filtered into the small dining room when anyone would enter or leave, Jed looked around the cozy, well decorated hotel dining room and sighed. Not bad, he thought as he leaned back watching the woman place the bowl of dumplings in front of him. Deciding instantly that if he ventured off on more panning trips, he'd make it a point to stay in a small hotel like this instead of on the cold ground. "Can I get you anything else Mister," the soft low voice drifted over his shoulder as he spooned into the dumplings. Looking back over his shoulder into the soft blue eyes of the waitress, Jed smiled. As she stepped around his side and put down the steaming cup of coffee, a low chuckle escaped his lips as he gazed over the soft rounded curves of her body. "Maybe a little company," he winked as he watched the pinkness of blush take over the roundness of her cheeks. Her smile brightened as she explained she had another two hours of work. Extending his hand, the delight played in the sparkling blue of his eyes as he spoke softly, "I'm Jed and I'm in no hurry."
"You sly old dog," a soft deep voice carried as Jed winked once again at the waitress as she passed by his table. Turning in the chair toward the voice, Jed choked on his mouthful of coffee, "Cole!" The heartiness of his laugh rumbled in the small room as he clapped his hand over Jed's shoulder and took the seat next to him. "What are you doing here old timer," he asked as the waitress set a cup of coffee in front of him. Taking a long sip before waving the waitress away, Cole's eyes narrowed as worries flashed through his mind. "Jed, is it Sybil? Is it Rose? Is something wrong," he rushed through the questions like a whirlwind before Jed could even begin to tell his tale. "Calm yourself son," Jed's voice was low and quiet as he patted Cole's shoulder and sat back in his chair. "I need to ask you some questions and 'pendin on your answers, have some things to tell you," Jed sighed over his cup of coffee as he took another long sip. 

~*~ ~*~

"Are you sure this is what you want to do," Little Feather's voice was barely a whisper over Sybil's shoulder as they watched Robert and Daniel load the crib into the wagon. Sybil sighed heavily under the soft pressure of her friend's hands on her shoulder and turned around watching the worry crease the normally beautiful curves of the Indian woman's face. "Robert's right Little Feather. It's for the best. In town I'll be closer to the doctor, Rose will be closer to Dancing Moon and Elizabeth, and honestly," she took a long deep breath as she glanced back over her shoulder, "the cabin is too empty now." Little Feather pulled her tight into a hug as she watched tears roll down Sybil's face. They all knew why she had agreed so quickly to move into town with Robert. The elder Indian woman still sat on the porch fussing in her native language as she had been since the day Sybil agreed to the move. Forcing a soft laugh as she stood from her friend's embrace, Sybil turned back toward the cabin and nodded her head. "Do I even want to know what your mother is saying," she pressed the teary smile to her face as Robert closed the cabin door. "No," Little Feather chuckled as Robert lifted Rose into the wagon seat. As he made his way back around the wagon, Sybil wiped the back of her hand over her tear stained cheeks. "Ready sweetheart," he questioned softly as he wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Just one more look around," she forced the half smile as she tried to step away. "Sybil," he tightened the embrace on her waist and pulled her back to him pressing his lips against the soft curve of her ear, "it's not forever. After we are married and the baby is born, we'll decide what to do about the farm." 
"It's right up there," she pointed wiping tears from her eyes as Robert slowed the gait of the horses and the wagon creaked to a stop. "It won't take me but a minute," Robert started as he stood, stepping into the back of the wagon. "No," she held out her hand, grabbing his wrist as he lifted the moistened burlap and turned back to her. "Sweetheart, let me do it. Please," she pleaded as he sighed and nodded quietly. Slowly lifting the sleeping child out of her lap, Sybil kissed her forehead before laying her on the wagon seat. Robert raised his hand helping her down from the wagon. As she stepped down and watched his mouth open in protest, Sybil smiled and pressed her lips to his. "It won't take me but a minute," she echoed his words as he frowned and let go of her hand. "Please be careful," he called after her as she shivered and tears crowned her lashes once again. The coldness of the ground seeped into her knees as she knelt slowly in front of the crudely etched rose. All the memories of her loves and losses flooded back to her as she slowly hollowed a hole near the boulder with the small shovel. Unwrapping the damp burlap from the delicate bundle of roots, Sybil lowered the small bush into the hole and tamped the dirt back around them gently. "For you to remember Rose.. and me," she whispered softly into the wind as she leaned forward, pressed her forehead against the worn lines of the etched rose, and allowed the full sadness of her tears freely flow. 
As the wagon bounced slowly back up the path, Sybil looked once again over her shoulder watching the canopy of the trees thin as they got closer to town. Feeling the soft pressure of his hand on her shoulder, Sybil leaned her cheek against Robert's shoulder and pulled her sleeping daughter tight to her chest. Daniel and Dancing Moon were already at the law office when the wagon slowed to a stop and Rose woke from her nap. Happy to see Elizabeth and Dancing Moon, the little girl climbed quickly down the side of the wagon before Sybil could catch her. The two little girls talked quietly and hugged one another dancing happily in the street as Robert helped Sybil from the wagon. "She looks so happy," she whispered to herself only realizing it was louder by the soft hug Robert pulled her into. "Her mother will be that happy too, I promise," he whispered as he draped her arms around his waist and lowered his head. Turning her head just slightly away from his lips resting it on his shoulder, Sybil sighed. It eased her mind some that Robert and Jane had never lived in the small room above the law office. She hadn't really known if he ever really loved Jane, but she did know how the memory of someone could haunt a place long after they were gone. As she walked around taking in the deep wood tones of the small living space, Sybil smiled realizing Robert had divided off two smaller rooms. For the children, she though softly as she ran her fingers over the smooth texture of the stone fireplace mantel. She had remembered the upper floor when it was Jane's father's office, but so much of it was different now. The thought that Robert had spent the time, even before she agreed to marry him, getting the place ready for them warmed her heart. She had loved Robert before and didn't doubt she would love him again, but still her heart ached. As the slow roll of her stomach's rumble shook her from her thoughts, Sybil smiled and wrapped her arms around the gentle curve of her growing belly. 
~*~ ~*~
The soft glow of daylight filtered through the sheer lace window coverings fell on her face highlighting the true beauty of the woman. It had been a rough day. Leaving the place she'd called home for so many years left her exhausted. He couldn't help but smile as she lay in restful sleep and his eyes and mind took in memories of every crook and curve of her. She was so beautiful, even the dark jagged line of the fading scar couldn't diminish the truth of her beauty in his eyes. Glancing back through the large window, he watched the two little girls laughing and running as Dancing Moon called them to the wagon. He stared at Rose for long minutes watching the sunlight dance in the dark swirling curls of her hair and sighed. She'd be happy anywhere, he thought as his gaze turned back to Sybil. She'd loved the farm as much as Jed had, as much as he himself had before his mother's passing. Would she ever really be happy living in town? Lifting his fingers to his face, he rubbed his fingers over the hard curve of his chin. Would she ever really be happy living with him?
The soft lines tracing the corners of her eyes seemed to shimmer as the filtered sunlight danced over her face. The slow arch of a smile on her lips warmed his heart as he stood silently over her taking in her beauty. He had loved her from the moment he saw her, but so many times he'd made the wrong decisions. He'd always wanted her to belong to him, be his wife, have his children. Robert shifted slowly as he lowered himself to the bed. Leaving his clothing in a rumpled pile on the floor, he lifted the thin blankets and slid his body up against hers. The lightness of the soft cotton nightgown did nothing to keep the warm, delicious heat of her body from caressing his as he pressed against her and slowly untied the ribbon across the chest of the gown. He could remember the softness of her lips, the slow massage of her hands and the taste of her neck. So many times he'd kissed her, feeling the flutters of desire tremble over her body but now, she would be his. Pulling the last lacing of the small ribbon from the top of the gown, he gazed down at the soft swell of her breast. The thin cotton pursed over the dark pebbles as his fingers caressed softly between the valley and swell of her breasts. Supporting his weight on an elbow, Robert leaned over pressing his lips to hers. Soft sleepy mutters tickled the heat of his lips as her lips responded beyond the slow smile. Smoothing his hand along the silkiness of her skin, he palmed the full roundness of her bare breast and squeezed softly. The light murmurs of desire lifted again as the heat of his mouth fell to the slow curve of her neck. The slow movement of her body under the heated touch of his fingers and lips swept a burning heat of desire over him. "Sybil," he whispered between feathered kisses along her neck. Her hand raised slowly, her fingers combed into the thickness of his hair as he pressed his lips to hers once more. "Oh Cole," flittered the softness of her voice filled with the desire he'd always yearned to hear. The tightening in his chest set him up right along her side. Narrowing his eyes, he watched the gentle roll of her dreams play in her eyes behind her closed lids. Damn fool, he muttered as he raised his hand and slowly pushed the soft locks of hair over her forehead. Pressing his lips against the soft curve of her cheek, Robert exhaled loudly as he slid from under the blanket. 
Anger swelled in his chest as he pulled his trousers on and shuffled across the room. She was meant to be his. The child growing inside of her was meant to be his! Robert's hands shook as he poured the thick dark liquid of the liquor in his glass and glanced back over his shoulder. As his thoughts swirled and the heat of the liquor burned the soft lining of his throat, the softness of her sleepy moan tightened the grip around his heart. How could she not have waited for him? How could she have given her body and heart to another man? Didn't she know he had always loved her? As the day's light grew dim making way for the darkness of night, Robert sat in the large stuffed chair staring out the window with his mind and memories twisting like the leaves in the wind. Pressing his face into the palm of his hands, the low mournful sigh enveloped him as his own voice wrapped around the entirety of their lives. He didn't deserve her love. He had toyed with her emotions for so long, always putting her to the side. Nevertheless, he had always loved her. His heart felt heavy in his chest over the memories of the sadness and longing that had always been present in the sparkling beauty of her deep brown eyes. Though it had lessened when Rose appeared in their lives, he couldn't remember it being completely gone until the last few months. In his dreams and plans, he alone had been the one to ease the hurt that dimmed the beauty in her eyes. Pressing the warm glass rim against his lips again, Robert sighed. The sadness and longing had disappeared when Cole showed up. Tightening his lips into a rough scowl at the thought of the other man, Robert lowered his head into the palm of his hands once more, remembering the haunting of sadness and longing in her eyes this morning. 
~*~ ~*~
The soft shutter of her own tears awoke her as the loss of warmth from his body and the images of Cole walking away from her filled her mind. Opening the soaked lids of her eyes, Sybil stared into the darkness trying to clear the ghosts of her dreams from her mind. Her hand rose slowly to her lips, pressing soft against the warm moisture coating them as she sat up in the darkness of the unfamiliar room. Blinking slowly against the soft glow of moonlight, Sybil scanned the furnishing of the room remembering the weight of the journey to town that morning. She had thought it part of a dream as she turned letting her legs fall over the edge of the bed. Walking around the small room, the coolness of the autumn night caressed over the warmth of her chest. Fingering at the unlaced ribbon, Sybil's mind turned back to the lingering dream remembering the softness of Cole's hands as he untied her gown and caressed her slowly. Warm, wet tears trickled over her cheeks again as she tied the ribbon back in place and opened the bedroom door. As the low creak of the next door echoed in the silence of the house, Sybil smiled watching the small figures turn and snuggle under the quilt she'd mended so carefully over the years. Tiptoeing quietly, Sybil sat on the side of the bed and ran her fingers through the soft curls of her daughter's hair. The chorus of her own breathing mixing with the softness of the girls' breaths filled her mind as she sat quietly watching Rose and Elizabeth sleep. Rose had been the most important part of her life the past few years, but still the tears fell for the loss of Cole. While her first thoughts of him planning to take away her daughter chilled her to the core, Sybil couldn't forget the dreams and hopes she'd had of them marrying and raising her together. It made sense didn't it? If he truly loved her as much as he said he did, they could marry and raise both their children. If she had told him how much she loved him, would he have stayed?
Sybil stood quietly watching the ragged rise and fall of his chest as his body sunk into the darkness of the stuffed chair. She had always admired him, adored him and at one point in time thought she had loved him, but all she felt now was pity and sadness. She had always dreamt of the day he'd divorce Jane and come back to her. What other man in his right mind would want to marry a woman and raise not one, but two children that were not his own? Jed's son, her mind answered quietly as she recognized the similarities of their features. He had hurt her so many times, choosing Jane over her, but as she nibbled softly on her lip Sybil realized she'd always loved him. Yes, she loved him but her heart told her it was never a love like she had for Cole. Remembering back over all the years, Sybil always felt close to Robert. After all he was the son of the man who'd saved her life and took her in as the daughter he'd never had. Next to Little Feather, he had been her closest friend over the years. Sybil exhaled quietly as she lowered to her knees in front of the chair, resting her elbows on his knees as she watched him sleep. For so long she had wanted him, wanted to be Mrs. Robert Wilks, but now her heart wasn't sure. How could she marry Robert when every fiber of her yearned for Cole. 
~*~ ~*~

Cole lowered the brim of his hat as the early morning sun spilled through the thickness of the tightly clumped trees. The weight of time sat heavily on his shoulders as he sighed deeply and raised his gaze to the wagon and the old man. He hadn't wanted to stop last night, but the crackling of the old man's bones and the deep groans of pain swayed his decision. They hadn't been far from the farm and several times during his restless night, he'd thought of pushing on, making his way home and to her. The exhaustion of the past three days ached in his body with each step of his stallions pace. How could he have been so dumb? He knew what he had to do but without thinking over the way he'd left things, had he destroyed everything already? It seemed like the right thing to do when he'd finally put it all together. He had told her that he loved her, how could she think otherwise? How could she think that he could love her and still plan to steal his own child? 
Cole groaned with the anguish of his thoughts. For so long he'd felt like he had nothing left in this world for him, but when he'd run into Jed a few days ago and heard the story he had to tell, the darkest sadness swept over him. Not only did he risk losing his only child again, but he was going to lose the woman he loved. It all seemed so impossible, so surreal. The more time he had spent with Rose, he knew without a doubt she had been the daughter he'd hidden away in the small burrow that cold dark and stormy night. Instantly he'd recalled the horror of his long year away from the child he'd learned of and lost in a small stretch of days, but everyday he'd spent with her lately, he'd seen both Cecilia and himself in the little girl. Cole had thought it a blessing, or a gift from God, that not only had his daughter been saved, but she had been saved by the very woman whom he knew he was destined to be with. Why didn't he just ask her then? Cole cursed himself as the thoughts rambled in his mind. If he had only asked her to marry him that afternoon by the riverside, none of this would be happening. She had been so beautiful that day. Lying there in the afternoon sun in the small clearing near the riverbank, not only had Sybil stolen his heart but her pure beauty had enticed him. Every fiber of his being needed her, wanted her and when she'd kissed him so softly, he'd forgotten his important question and made love to her for the first time. When she had told him that he was her first, it had only been the true sign he needed that she was meant to be his. If only he hadn't gotten so caught up in her beauty and in his desires, she would have known he meant to marry her and raise their child together. 
Their child, the words haunted him now. When she'd brought him to the burrow, he knew instantly what he had to do. After he'd found Cecilia's parents and however more witnesses he'd needed, Cole had proof of Rose's paternity and planned to give it to Sybil. She'd have known then how much he truly loved her and Rose by making sure it was legal and known that they were Rose's parents. Sybil had adopted her legally, his name would be listed as her father legally, it would all be permanent. Cole glanced up from his blank thought filled stare at the back of his stallion's neck and recognized where they were. He'd started to call out for Jed to head on to the farm when he looked up to find the old man was already out of sight. Pulling lightly on the reins, he led the stallion into the thick grove of trees north of the path. As he approached the place that his life had turned upside down so many times, Cole felt the heat of tears warming his cheeks. Sliding out of the saddle, he knelt before the burrow and scanned his eyes over the small scrawny bush. "That wasn't there before," he muttered softly as he leaned forward breaking a small branch of the shrub and inhaling softly. The softness of a smile creased the corners of his lips. It was a rose bush. It had been all he needed to renew his energy to return to her and fight for her if needed. 
"They're not here," the old man's voice trembled as his rough palms scrubbed over the confused and exhausted wrinkles of his face. As Cole's horse trotted to a stop, Jed stood in front of the porch with a look of worry. "Maybe they went into town," he thought loudly as he slipped from the horse's saddle and headed toward the cabin. "No," the old man started again toward the cabin as Cole pushed open the front door, "they are just gone." Turning from Jed, Cole stepped inside the cabin slowly. It was all different. It was clean, empty. Rose's toys were gone from the old firewood crate. Sybil's materials and mending were gone from the table near the fireplace. The spare bed laid neatly made, countertop clean and dishes lined up on the shelves as if no one had been there in years. Darkness squeezed his heart as he rushed through the cabin and pushed the bedroom door open. Sybil's bed sat naked in the shadows of her room. As he swallowed hard against the tightness in his throat, Cole opened the next door slowly. His heart stopped for a long moment as tears began to stream down his face. When Jed pushed past him into the room and stood in its emptiness, Cole didn't even have the strength to mutter the words himself. "They're gone," the old man sniffled once again as he stood in the empty spot that once held the child's crib. 
The two men were numb as they sat drinking their coffee, barely feeling the warmth it offered as they wondered if Sybil had taken Rose back to her father's ranch. Jed had never known exactly where it was, but he assured Cole they could find it. As they talked over plans for the trip, figured how long it would take them to get there and when they should leave, heavy footsteps echoed from the porch pulling them from their plans. "Jed, that you home," the familiar strong accent of White Eagle brought their attention to the door as he opened it slow with rifle at the ready. "White Eagle," Jed almost jumped up from the chair as the stout Indian walked into the cabin, "Where are the girls? What happened? Did they go to Sybil's childhood ranch?" The Kiowa narrowed his eyes as he stared coldly at Cole who'd joined Jed, standing by his side as the old man rattled off questions. Shaking his head slowly, willing himself not to just shoot the stranger and put an end to all the mess he'd cause, White Eagle sighed lowering his rifle and placed a hand on Jed's old weary shoulder. Jed had been as much a father to him as his own and was part of his family. White Eagle frowned at the sadness weighing down his oldest friend from the loss of the girls who had brought life back to the small farm after the death of Jed's wife. Keeping a cold, knowing glare trained on Cole, White Eagle spoke softer toward the old man, "No. They live in town with Robert. Little One, Sybil, agreed to marry your son so they could raise her daughter together." "Over my dead body," Cole blurted out as he turned his gaze from the old man to the Indian, taking a step back as his eyes looked squarely down the barrel of the rifle. The coldness oozed out of White Eagle's mouth as he drew a deep breath and cocked the rifle with a cold, tight grin, "That can be arranged." 

~*~ ~*~

The warmth of his arms wrapped around her as she pressed her head under his chin, nuzzling softly against his shoulder while her fingers smoothed slowly over his chest. "Good morning," he whispered gravely as he pressed his lips to her forehead. Sybil opened her eyes quickly, every nerve in her body on end as she lifted her head from her dream and focused on Robert's face. Pulling her hand back quickly, she rolled and stood from bed silently whispering a thanks as her fingers brushed against the thin material of her nightgown. She'd been so caught up in her dream about Cole, she'd almost forgotten she'd helped Robert to bed last night after he'd drank way too much. Turning her eyes back to the fading smile, she lowered her head and tried to force a smile of her own. "Good Morning Robert," she whispered, watching his hand slowly reach out toward her. Letting him take her hand and pull her back into the bed, Sybil fought with the fogginess between her dream and the reality of waking up in Robert's arms. "Sybil," his deep hoarse voice turning her eyes toward him as she sat back down on the bed and leaned back into the cradle of his arm. Clearing his throat softly, Robert combed his fingers through her hair and turned on his side to face her. "Do you want to marry me," he asked flatly as she settled back into the bed and focused her gaze on his eyes. "Of course," she whispered. "Yes of course," she said a bit louder trying to convince not only herself but Robert as well. The corners of his lips trembled as a soft smile grew over the curves. "Sybil, Do you really want to marry me," he asked again, emphasizing the words as he ran his finger softly over her cheek. As she lowered her head, she prayed he couldn't see the tears she felt stinging her eyes. Scolding herself and fighting to find the right words was the push the tears needed, as they fell freely over her lashes Sybil sniffled. His arm tightened around her waist and his fingers wrapped into her hair pressing her face into his chest as he whispered softly against her ear trying to sooth the growing sadness of the sobs. She could feel the tightness of his chest as he held her close. He could feel the shutter of regret and worry in her sobs. Robert cleared his throat once more and wrapped both his arms around her, rocking her slowly as he started lowly. "I have loved you for as long as I can remember. Even with all the bad choices I made, I never stopped loving you. All I ever wanted was to see you happy. Sybil," he paused for a long moment as she lifted her tear soaked eyes and parted her lips as if in response. Pressing his lips to hers softly before she could speak, he continued, "Shh. Let me finish what I have to say. I can't marry you Sybil. I want to, believe me I do, but I can't. I can never make you as happy as Cole did." Her breath caught in her throat with a sob and choked her as her eyes widened with worry. "Robert, I-" she started as she watched his eyes lower to her mouth and confusion whirled in her mind over the flash of relief playing in the handsome features of his face. "Shh, don't worry about Rose," he spoke up as if he could see her thoughts in her eyes, "I will still fight him to the death or in court over her if that is what you want. I was wrong Sybil. I never should have told you the chances would be better if we were married. You are the greatest mother that little girl could ever have asked for, and I will proudly stand up in any court and tell them the same." He watched as her eyes darted back and forth between his. Of all the feelings he'd imaged last night coming from this moment, the overwhelming love for her wasn't one, but it was there just the same. He'd always loved her and probably always would, but the happiness in her eyes at that exact moment was something he knew he'd never be able to give her again in a lifetime of marriage. 

~*~ ~*~

"Let me talk to her first, I'll get all this mess straightened out," his old voice was strong and sure as he stepped up onto the board walkway in front of the law office. "No Jed," Cole commanded as he wrapped his fingers around the feisty old man's arm and pulled him back. "I need to talk to her myself. If I had told her of my plans in the first place, none of this would be happening," he sighed heavily as he stepped up to the door. As the two stood there gathering their wits, the old man cleared his throat, "Robert is my son and I love him, but he has to know this is wrong. I'll talk to him while you talk to Honeybee." With a decided nod, Cole opened the door to the law office and stepped inside. Narrowing his eyes against the changing of the light, Cole huffed loudly as a solid force slammed into his side forcing him back against a couple of hardwood chairs before thudding into the wall. "You," a loud deep voice rung in Cole's ears as he struggled for breath, looking up recognizing Robert's face just as his fist connected solidly with Cole's cheek. "Will NOT," came the sharp tone again as a hard thud of knuckles vibrated Cole's ribs. "Take Rose from Sybil," the scream punctuated with another blow of fist landing in Cole's stomach. "Holy Hell Robert, stop that! Shut up and stop that," the excited voice of the old man echoed in the law office as Cole inhaled and exhaled deeply trying to get his lungs to work again. The deep drawn breaths seemed to take hours to refill his lungs as he watched Robert stand and back way slowly with Jed pulling on his arms. Reaching out and pulling on the closest upright chair, Cole heaved himself from the corner of the room staggering slightly as he stood and readied himself for another attack. Both men stood for long minutes, breathing heavily and staring each other down. Jed pushed Robert behind the reception desk in the small law office and fussed quietly as Cole's head rang with the words. Taking a slow step forward into the heated hate filled gaze, Cole approached Robert slowly. "I would never take Rose from Sybil," his hoarse pain filled gasps of breath whispered out. Confusion clouded Robert as he stood heaving, staring at Cole. As he retained his composure, Robert sighed, "Then why the hell did you sneak off and have her paternity legalized?" Cole crossed the room to the front of the desk and rubbed his reddened cheek as he narrowed his eyes at Robert. Leaning over the desk, Cole lingered for minutes before opening his mouth, "Because I want to marry Sybil. I want to raise Rose together with her as a family," his drawn whispered words ending as Robert leaned forward. Swinging out wide Cole punched Robert's face over the top of the desk and snorted as the lawyer slumped to the floor. "Damn it! Would you two stop it," the old man shrieked as she stepped around the desk and bent down to help Robert up. Deep hoarse laughter filled the room as Jed helped Robert to his feet. Holding his fingers over the blood gushing from his nose, Robert chuckled as he righted himself and pulled a handkerchief from his pocket. "So, you do love her," he laughed pressing the stark white handkerchief to his nose. "That's good, because she loves you too," Robert shook his head as he looked at the blood-soaked rag and motioned for Cole to sit down. 
"Are you sure you and the girls don't want any peach cobbler Sybil," Mabel Jenkins called from the kitchen. An elderly widowed woman, she'd arrived in town last winter and quickly made her way into the heart of the townsfolk. "No thank you Mabel. It's a bit too early to fill these girls with all that sweetness," she laughed as the elder lady joined them at their table. "Uncle Eagle," Elizabeth hollered as she took her last bite of pancake and stood dancing in her chair. Sybil smiled as she turned and watched one of her dearest friends walk into the hotel's dining room. Standing to give him a hug, Sybil offered the Indian a seat. "No thank you. I just came to bring Elizabeth home. My sister and Daniel are back and want to see her," his soft deep voice half whispered. "Aw, well, ok. I'll go get her bag for you then," Sybil started slowly as she set her coffee cup back on the table. "No need, I got it," he assured her as he picked up his niece and turned toward the door. Sybil watched as he walked away with the child and stopped short of the door. She wrinkled her forehead as she watched a smile stretch over his lips before he stepped through the door. She didn't think she'd ever seen White Eagle smile. Shrugging her shoulders, Sybil sat back down and turned to Rose. "Finish your pancakes sweetheart. Uncle Robert should be here soon, then we are going to get you a new dress," she smiled and ran her fingers softly through her daughter's long coal black curls. Mabel fussed and played with the little girl as she snuck a few pieces of smothered peaches onto the child's plate. Dipping the pancake piece into the thick syrup of the peaches, Mable lifted the fork to Rose's lips and smiled. "Don't spoil her," Sybil laughed as she sipped from her coffee cup. "There's my Honeybee and my little Texas Rose," the softness of his voice rang out from over her shoulder. Sybil stood turning, quickly wrapping him in a hug as her voice squealed, "Jed! You're home!" The softness in his laughter filled her heart. "Well Honeybee, I was home but when you weren't I had to come find my girls," he chuckled as he pinched Rose's nose playfully. "Yea," she muttered lowly, "about that. We-." "Yes, yes, I know all about it now," he interrupted as Mabel delivered his cup of coffee. "Robert wanted to see you by the way. I'll sit with our little Texas Rose while you go see what he wants," he dismissed her with a wave of his hand as he sat in her chair, forked a piece of Rose's pancake and held it to her lips. Sybil sighed and shook her head as she leaned down and kissed the old man's cheek. She knew he'd be upset with her for leaving the farm without talking to him first, but his weird, non-concerned tone was something she'd never expected. Jed had always wanted her and Robert to marry, but after their talk this morning, Sybil wondered if it were the right time to tell Jed of their decision. 
Sybil breathed deeply as she stepped out of the hotel dining room and pulled her shawl tightly around her shoulders. Shivering once at the coolness of the early winter air, she combed her fingers through her hair and looked down the road to the law office. She didn't think she could keep living in town, but Robert had been right. If she stayed through the winter, she'd be closer to the doctor and to him if something were to happen to Rose, herself or the baby. The short walk down the street was filled with fleeting thoughts. She thought the animals would be taken care of by the Kiowa, but now that Jed was home again, she knew they would be fine. Rose had gotten sick both the past winters and while it wasn't anything horrible, it did settle her mind that the doctor would only be three doors away. The baby, her mind tumbled over thoughts of her pregnancy. While she wasn't due until early spring, the thoughts of anything going wrong helped Robert's plea for her to stay in town with him. She was only four months along but she would also be turning thirty-two in three weeks, a fact that seemed to cause worry when she'd visited the doctor two days ago. Sybil exhaled slowly as she turned the handle to the law office door and stepped inside. "Hey sweetheart, how was breakfast," his gentle voice greeted her as she blinked adjusting her eyes to the difference in light. "It was good. I thought you were going to join us though," she said as Robert stepped behind her and pulled the shawl from her shoulders. "I was going to," he assured her as he guided her to the upholstered chair in front of the desk, "but something came up. I've learned some news." Sybil searched his face as he knelt beside her. The strange look gave her breathing a hitch. The conversation they had this morning had eased her mind so much, but now this look she could not give a name to, began to worry her. "Robert, what news," she half whispered as he held her hand tight, resting them in her lap as he smiled up to her. "News that no matter what kind of legal documents he might have," he paused and shifted his weight to his other foot," Cole will not take Rose from you." Tears flooded the darkness of her brown eyes as she bit down on her lip, "Really, he can't take Rose away from me?" Robert pressed his thumb against her cheek catching the tears that escaped over her lashes as he smiled softly. "Oh I didn't say he couldn't," he paused as he stood up and let her fingers slide from his hands. "Robert, I don't understand," her voice trembled with the threat of more tears as she stood up with him. 
The low creak of his office door pulled her attention away from Robert as the stream of tears trickled over her cheeks. Sybil pressed her fingers to her lips, her eyes widened, and her breath caught in her chest as she watched him step around the door. "I would never take Rose away from you Sybil," his voice started low as he walked toward her. "Cole," the tear soaked whisper escaped her lips as she watched him lower in front of her to one knee. "I would never take her away from you because I love you and I want you to marry me Sybil Delacroix. Please, will you marry me," the shimmer of his own tears flashed in the deep green seas of his eyes as he reached for her hand and held his breath. "I.. I don't understand," she muttered as she looked back and forth between Robert and Cole. She'd dreamed of him like this so many times, wished with all her heart that someday he would ask her to marry him. "What about the papers? Cole, why did you leave and what about the paternal ruling papers," she barely managed to whisper as her knees began to shake. Watching the color drain from her face and feeling the trembling of her body through her hands, Cole stood and guided her back into the upholstered seat. Pressing his forehead to her knees as he knelt in front of her, Cole exhaled deeply. "I don't know what I was thinking Sybil. I thought if I could prove I was Rose's father that you might marry me. I'd planned to ask you that afternoon on the riverbank, before we ma..," he stopped and glanced up at Robert, swallowing the words quickly before continuing. "I told you how much I loved you but when you didn't say anything in return, then brought me to the burrow-," his voice trailed as he swallowed hard against the tears threatening to drain every ounce of his will from him. With a deep sigh, Cole raised his eyes to hers again, "I'd thought I'd lost her after a year. When I found her and found you, I knew we were meant to be together. I just didn't know if you had felt the same way." Sybil sat motionless as Robert's hand pressed against her shoulder. "I think I better leave you two alone," he whispered as he sniffled and pressed a kiss against the top of her head. She turned at the rush of chilled air as he opened the door and stepped outside. Her heart pounded against her chest as the trickle of tears turned into a river. Wringing her hands inside the warmth of Cole's grip, Sybil wet her lips with a soft pass of her tongue and whispered, "Yes." 
Cole's eyes blazed with surprise and confusion as he stared up at her trembling lips. His voice cracked as he whispered, "what?" Sybil sniffled back against the tears and curled her lips into a soft smile. Lifting her hand to his cheek, she brushed lightly over his skin pushing her fingers into the softness of his coal black curls. "Yes, I'll marry you," she smiled again as she scooted forward in the chair, "I have loved you since the moment I found you on my doorstep Cole Marshal. I took you to the burrow to tell you about Rose, tell you how much I loved you, and my hopes that one day you would want to be her father." As quickly as he had caught her so many times before in the strength, protection and love of his arms, Cole leaned forward, pulling her tight against him and lowered his mouth to hers. Pressing soft kisses to her lips, Cole laughed and lifted her from the chair as he pulled her into a long, slow passionate kiss. "Cole," she muttered in a whisper as his lips left hers and he squeezed his arms tighter around her waist, "you have to be careful." Setting her back to her feet slowly, Cole lightened the grip of his arms and held her out away from his chest. "I.. I," he stuttered as he looked her up and down slowly, "I didn't hurt you did I my love?" Sybil pressed her hands against his chest and sighed. Wiping her fingers over her cheeks to push away the tears she laughed softly as she untangled his arms and took his hand. "No," she started as she moved his hand around her waist and held it tight over her stomach, "but you don't want to squash your child do you?" 

Chapter Six

"Mr. Marshal, it's a girl! Your wife and the baby both are doing fine. The doctor will come retrieve you in a moment," the middle aged red headed nurse spoke quickly before sliding back into the room. "Woohooo, another girl," Jed yelled as he stood and shook Cole's hand, "congratulations son!" Cole stood shaking and covered in a thin layer of sweat. A thin smile creasing his lips as everyone shook his hand and hugged him. The door opened again as the oldest Kiowa woman and the medicine man appeared with their faces twisted into smiles flushed with exhaustion. It seemed like a dream as they floated toward the rest of their family, Little Feather and Dancing Moon in tears as White Eagle and Daniel each lit up their cigars in celebration. "Another girl," his sister's soft voice rang as she turned him and wrapped him in a tight hug. "I'm so happy you could be here for this, Samatha," his voice barely a whisper as he held his sister tight. "Mama and Papa would have been so proud," she assured as she stepped to the side at the urging push of her niece's small hands against her hip. "Papa, is Mama ok? Is baby Jacob ok," Rose questioned, confused over all the commotion. Cole lifted the little girl and hugged her tight as he laughed softly. "Well Rose, Mama is ok, but would you be ok if Jacob was actually a girl? You have a little sister now instead of the little brother we'd talked about," he chuckled as he pressed a soft kiss against his daughter's cheek. "Oh a sister," she screamed happily as she wiggled in her father's arms, "She won't still be named Jacob will she? That's not a very pretty sister's name." Everyone in the small waiting room of the doctor's house laughed as the large miss matched family celebrated the arrival of the baby. 
Cole lay beside Sybil holding her in his arms, pressing kisses to her temple as they watched the small girl wiggle her fingers and toes. "She's so beautiful," he whispered as Sybil turned and passed the small bundle to him, smoothing the blanket over his arm. "Cole, I've thought of a name, but I think we need to talk to Jed and Robert first," Sybil whispered softly as she watched Cole's fingers smooth over the small hands of their newborn child. After long minutes of talking and cuddling with the new baby, Cole called Jed and Robert from the waiting room. Robert stood at the foot of the bed and smiled watching as everyone cooed at the baby and congratulated the couple. Jed held the small bundle as lovingly as he'd always held Rose when she was smaller. Clearing her throat softly, Sybil squeezed Cole's hand and turned her attention toward Jed. "We've decided on a name," she started as she watched the old man smile and cradle the baby. "If it is ok with the both of you," Sybil looked back and forth between Robert and Jed for a moment before continuing, "We'd like to name her Lily." Robert stepped toward Jed and the baby and dropped his arm over the old man's shoulder. Jed smiled, a solitary tear rolling down his cheek as he looked over his shoulder to his son. "After Mother," Robert questioned choking back his own tears as he raised his gaze from the tiny newborn to Sybil. Sybil nodded softly as Cole sat back beside her on the bed, "Lily Cecilia Marshal. I didn't get a chance to meet your mother, but without you two, I'd have never had a family of my own." 

~*~ ~*~

"Cole, where are we going," Sybil laughed softly as she buttoned her shirt back and snuggled her now full and sleeping daughter back to her chest. "Feeding on the go isn't much fun," she joked as she reached up and touched the softness of the scarf tied around her eyes, "especially when I can't see anything!" The weight of his arm dropped over her shoulders and slid down her back as he pulled her close and laughed. "We're almost there and it's a surprise, you're not supposed to see anything yet," he chuckled as he pulled the wagon to a stop. "It's about time, everyone has been waiting," Jed's kindly old voice greeted them as Sybil sat back in the darkness of her blindfold and huffed. "What are you two up to? Is this what y'all have been disappearing for the last couple of months," she questioned as she felt Cole lift the baby from her arms. "You'll see my love," Cole's deep voice pressed to her ear before the wagon shook and he stepped down, "sit here for a minute let me check everything is ready." Sybil sat quietly as she heard the men's footsteps shuffle away from the wagon. She had heard the soft rush of the river as they passed and knew they hadn't headed into town. "Cole," she called out in the darkness of her blindfold and listened to the hurried shuffle of footsteps approaching her. "Yes my love," he questioned with a light chuckle as he grabbed her hands. Helping her step from the wagon, Cole pulled her tight into his arms and pressed his lips to hers. Since the wedding and the birth of Lily, she had truly been happy for the first time in her life. "I sure hope that is my husband since I can't see anything," she teased as his lips separated from hers. His hard deep laughter filled her ears as he wrapped his arm around her waist and guided her forward. Cole twisted her this way and that, being careful not to let her fall as they walked. Sybil sighed as they stopped and he wrapped his arms back around her waist, "Come on my love. I can't see anything." Cole chuckled softly as he pulled the cloth from her eyes and quickly turned her around. Sybil's eyes adjusted slowly to the fading evening light as she focused on the rocks around the burrow. The rose bush she had planted that winter was in full bloom, surrounding one side of the boulder etched with the crude rose. Her breath caught in her throat as she trailed over the burrow to the other side where a cluster of beautiful red lilies bloomed surrounding the boulder on the other side framing a crude etching of a lily. "Oh Cole," she sniffled as she stood there staring at the display, "it's beautiful." His arms tightened around her waist as he pressed against her back and whispered softly into her ear, "Not as beautiful as the Honeybee that nurtured the Rose and the Lily." A collective of 'awws' set Sybil on her heels as she turned quickly toward Cole and the sounds. Her eyes widened and tears sprang forth as she gazed over Cole's shoulder at all her family standing in front of a large newly built cabin. 
As evening set in and Sybil walked around refilling everyone's coffee cups, Cole wrapped his arms around her and kissed her softly. "So do you really like the new place my love," he questioned as they turned and watched Jed and Mabel Jenkins whispering quietly in the corner of the big living room. "I do. I love it," she assured as she pulled him to her once again. Standing there in the loving embrace of his arms, Sybil bathed in the happiness that had become her life. She'd married the man who'd fell into her life and her heart, they were watching their children grow, and her entire family was here with them to enjoy the warmth of their new house. Life couldn't get any better, she thought as she hugged her husband close. "Hmm," she hummed softly as she peeked over Cole's shoulder toward the large stone fireplace. Cole turned slowly and followed her gaze toward Robert, then toward his sister walking back from the kitchen. "Hmm indeed," he whispered as he grabbed Sybil's hand and they walked toward the fireplace. "Sam," Cole called and motioned his sister toward them as Sybil hugged Robert and made small talk. "Oh Robert," she smiled softly as Cole's sister approached, "Have you met Samantha? Samantha Marshal meet Robert Wilks." Sybil slipped back into Cole's arms as Samantha blushed and took Robert's extended hand. "Hello," Robert's eyes sparkled as Sybil and Cole turned walking away. Laughing softly as they stepped through the front door, Cole pulled Sybil into his arms once more and kissed her softly. "The home of Cole, Sybil, Lily and our little Texas Rose," he chuckled as Sybil turned pressing her back against his chest while they watched the sunset through the trees. 
