



Texas Tornado

By Jolene Faye

Copyright 2012 Jolene Faye

Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Texas Tornado


The crisp morning air whistled a sad tune through the door wing window of the old man’s truck. The clanging of shovels, rakes and other tools in the bed of the truck as it bumped along the muddy dirt road broke the silence that had been suffocating in the cab of the vehicle for the last fifteen miles. She loved the beginning of spring when everything was new and fresh. That’s what Megan had hoped for when she met the kindly old man a few months ago, a new and fresh start to her life. The snail’s pace of the truck gave her time to take in the scenery around her. The newly grown grasses dipped in the shimmering dew of this morning’s fog. She smiled softly as the calves in the roadside pastures frolicked around their mothers'. The sun crawled slowly over the mountain top as it turned the thing wispy clouds into a beautiful portrait of radiant pastel colors. 
Lost in her thoughts, she wondered where she would go from here just as a long, troubled sigh broke into her thoughts. “I’m sorry Megan, I truly am. You know I’d have you stay on as long as you’d like, but it’s just not right.” The sadness in the voice breaking her heart almost as much as packing her duffle did early this morning. “I know Gus, I shouldn’t have stayed with you as long as I did already. I know how small towns work, I just thought maybe…” her soft voice trailed off as she caught the glint of sunlight reflecting in the building tears of the old man sitting beside her. 
“If my Martha were still around, you could stay with us as long as you needed, but without her, it’s just not right a young lady your age living with an old coot like myself.” The old cowhand half snorted a laugh as he willed himself to not shed a tear like an emotional old bag, he thought to himself. A forced but still broken hearted smile played on her lips as she placed her small hand on his arm and reassured the sweet old man that she too knew he was right and this was for the best. He had already defended her presence at his small spread three times which she could count in the last couple of months that she had spent helping him around his small ranch or slinging drinks at his bar. Gus Winslow didn’t have a huge herd of cattle and couldn’t afford a bunkhouse full of hired hands to help him along, so when she wondered into town that night couple months ago, cold and starving, he offered her a hot meal, a waitressing job in the bar and a warm bed to sleep on. Megan worked tirelessly around Gus’ old place, from working his small, wilting herd of cattle to sprucing up the barn, a few things around the farmhouse, and slinging drinks nightly in his small but surprisingly popular little bar. She had been happy just having a warm place to lay her head and friendly company. 
“I’m not sure how ol’ Blake will feel about you being a woman, Megan, but give him this when you talk to him about being hired on.” The worn calloused hand of the old rancher dug in his front shirt pocket and pulled out a folded square of paper. Turning to the girl beside him, he forced a smile, holding back the tears as he pulled the truck to a stop alongside the muddy dirt road. Looking past the watery eyes of her old companion up the long dirt driveway outside his door, her eyes gleamed in the sunlight like two wayward emeralds lost in a sea of reddened wheat. Pulling her hands through her strawberry blond hair, she tied it back at her collar and leaned over giving the kind old man a hug. “I can never thank you enough Gus,” she stammered as tears threatened to escape her own eyes. With one last loving look into the damp eyes of her friend, she swung open the door of his old truck and hopped out onto the muddy old dirt road. “I’ll see you tomorrow night,” she smiled reassuring her dear friend their departure wasn’t permanent. With her duffle slung over her shoulder, Megan brushed away the one determined tear that rolled slowly over her freckled cheek and waved into the sunlight as the old rusted truck pulled away. A heaviness fell over her soul as she peered up the long driveway ahead of her, “if this don’t work, I don’t know what I’m going to do,” she muttered to herself and she heaved the heavy duffle higher up on her shoulder and started up the long driveway. 
~*~ ~*~
After ten minutes of walking and reflecting on her time at Gus’ place and the long nights at the bar, pouring drinks, dancing with some of the more regular patrons and repeatedly keeping the pawing hands at bay. Her friendly conversations, not to mention a little harmless flirting did bring her a decent amount of tips each night as she, Roxy and Gus closed the bar.  Megan began looking around at all the signs of spring showing on either side of the long, muddy drive. With the storm last night, the air was still chilled and the dew still clinging thickly on everything it had touched. A smile pressed at Megan’s pink lips as a squirrel scurried across in front of her, the singing of the morning birds flittering through the crisp air and the sound of the freshly thawed brook bubbling happily alongside the drive. This was indeed a beautiful place, she thought to herself as she dropped the heavy duffle onto the still wet grass. Ruffling for a moment in the large bag, she pulled out a brush and mirror before untying her tangled mess of wheat colored hair. “Don’t think the wild look will help my plea,” she laughed to her reflection in the small mirror. 
Dabbing softly at the tender bruise under her right eye, Megan smoothed makeup over her fair skin. The darkness of the reminder from last night stubbornly tinted her light complexion. Megan’s eyes traced slowly over the reflection of her face in the small handheld mirror and sighed. She never could understand what all the fuss was about. Men had always been drawn to her like moths to a flame. As Megan idly counted the freckles on her milky skin, she could not wrap her mind around it all. Barely five foot tall, Megan always got a good laugh as she’d dance with the tall cowboys at the bar. Her legs were fairly muscular due to her love of the long walks that usually started her day no matter where she was. Her hips, while in her mind were a bit larger than she would have liked, rounded softly toward the soft curve of her small waist. Megan sighed softly as she looked down the front of her shirt and raised an amused eyebrow. Like most women, she assured herself quietly, she had wished she had been more blessed in the breasts department. Her small rounded breasts were still firm, but undoubtedly to her were some of the features that lead folks to believe she were much younger than twenty-seven. Megan’s eyes quickly scanned over the speckling of freckles on her chest before focusing back on her small framed face in the mirror. She knew she was pretty. Much of the features of her face reminded her of an old photograph of her mother that dressed the fireplace mantel all those years ago in her grandfather’s home. The plumpness of her soft full lips always made her face look pouty, Megan thought as she counted away at the freckles dotting her soft milky complexion. The soft hues of greens sparkled in her eyes, her father’s eyes she corrected herself silently as she traced the long, tangled lengths of her straight, red stained locks of honey toned hair. Blowing a hard, slow but focused breath upward, Megan watched her bangs float up into the air and fall back softly against her forehead as she mused once again to her reflection, “I just don’t get it.” Combing through her silken hair she smoothed it over each shoulder of the red flannel collar of her shirt. Megan began to braid her long locks as she shifted on the duffle bag. After a few minutes of securing her two long braids of flaxen hair, she gave herself a once over. “Looks ok for a ranch hand, don’t you think?” she asked playfully toward the two doves that had perched on the fence across from her and cooed happily. Brushing her hands over the dampened cuffs of her jeans, Megan stood looking down at the crumpled bottom of her flannel shirt. “Hmmm,” she hummed to herself as she tied the two flapping bottoms of her shirt hem together in front of her and buttoned the first couple of buttons above the now secured knot. Picking at the black specks of long weed seeds and hair that clung to the soft cotton of her white tank top just above the knot of her flannel shirt, her eyes rested on the long scar wrapping around her small, pale wrist and grimaced. Turning back to her overstuffed, duffle bag she pulled free from a mess of waddled clothes a fine pair of leather work gloves. Dusting them against her hip, Megan pulled them on one finger at a time. Satisfied that they covered her scar, she fixed her slightly worn straw hat back down over her parted braids. Tying up her duffle bag, she huffed as she heaved it back onto her shoulder. As Megan began her walk again, her mind drifted to the hideous scar encircling her wrist and dropped her head from the bright sunshine, “this has to work out, it just has to,” she whispered to herself whole heartedly.
~*~ ~*~
Blake tossed uneasily, bringing a hand up to block the sun from his eyes that had slipped between the dark curtains over the window. “Damn,” he exhaled, rolling his tired, sore body over the edge of the bed throwing a quick, squinted glance at the clock as his feet hit the floor. Pressing the palms of his calloused hands to his face, Blake shook his head as he wiped at his sleepy eyes. Blinking a few times to adjust to the growing light in his room, Blake’s stormy blue eyes all bloodshot from the night before, searched for his clothes on the nearby chair. His long lean body revolted as he stood stretching, every bone cracking their loud disapproval of his movements. Grimacing as he reached for his jeans, Blake caught a glimpse at himself in the full length mirror. His body long and lean, the years of sun tanning his skin to a hue lightly darker than toffee, he brought his hand to his stubbly chin and rubbed it slowly. The sun shone brightly on the hints of gray hair sneaking through the blackened sea of his hair. Sliding his fingers through the dark, thick mass of his curly black hair he frowned wondering where all the years had gone.  Though he had just turned thirty-six a few months back, mornings like these he felt much, much older. His eyes as dark as the clouds from last night’s storm looked over his toned body and scowled at his reflection. “You’re getting too damn old for all that yeehawing,” he mumbled as he rubbed at his tired, sore shoulders. His critical observations of his body beginning to turn his already bad mood sourer were interrupted by the loud rapping knock on his door. “Boss, you alive in there,” called a jovial voice from behind the heavy wood door. “Yea Cookie, but you won’t be if there is no coffee left,” he grunted as he pulled on his clothes and headed for the door.
“Eeew weee boss, that you smellin’ like someone slept in a sourmash barrel?” the chipper little man laughed as he poured a steaming cup of dark coffee into a large red mug. Coffee and the swirling smells of a hearty breakfast usually put a smile on Blake’s face. “Good lawd!” the aging cook quipped again, jokingly pinching the end of his nose as he placed the mug in front of his employer. “That bad eh?” Blake asked only half listening as his friend rattled on, slapping three runny eggs and a couple slices of ham onto a plate and dropping it on the table. Drinking his coffee still trying to wake up, Blake looked down at the breakfast the cook had served and shivered. His stomach lurched into a spinning protest as Blake pushed the eggs side to side in his plate. The wet, slimy greasiness of the eggs and ham sent his stomach into a flurry of flip-flops as the pounding in his head reminded him he had drank way too much the night before. Swallowing hard a few times trying to ease his stomach, Blake pushed his chair away from the greasy pool of food in his plate and excused himself from the table. “Thinkin I might better take care of this smell before I eat,” he laughed hoping not to offend his dearest friend. Cookie had always been a great cook for him and the guys, but this morning, nothing short of another cup of hot coffee would sooth his fitful stomach. Pouring himself another cup and grabbing a bite of biscuit as he passed by, Blake walked down the hallway rubbing his fingers at his throbbing temple. Choking down the last big gulp of his hot coffee as he adjusted the water temperature, Blake stepped into the shower hoping to rid himself of the aches and painful reminders of last night’s romp, not to mention the ‘sourmash’ smell as Cookie had so delicately put it. 
Blake groaned softly as the welcoming heat of the water fell over his fingers. His entire body ached so much from last night's romp, he was sure even some muscles he didn't know existed where screaming their protest. Stepping into the shower, his eyes fell closed letting the heated pulse of the shower wash over his tired aching body. Blake had never been one to feel his age, though the last couple of months he couldn’t deny a growing emptiness in his life. Though he wore his hair considerably longer than most men his age, the thick dark wavy locks of his hair framed the high cheekbones on his face and sat lightly on his shoulders. The soft sprinkling of grey sneaking into the dark thick mass of Blake’s hair barely bothered him. He remembered well how his father had a full head of white hair by the age of fifty five. Often Blake prayed the strength of his mother’s blood in his genes would extend the inevitable. The tell-tale ancestry of his mother’s Native American heritage well marked its presence on him. The years in the sun had darkened his skin to a tan the hue of fine cured leather. Unlike his mother’s though, Blake’s eyes swirled in the darkest blue tones of a raging storm. The softness in those storms of blue eyes, contrasted the hard cut features of his face that made him look so rough. Blake often laughed silently musing over his height while comparing those of his parents. While he stood a full six foot-four inches, his mother barely hit the five foot mark and his father, before the slumping of years on his old body, measured a firm five and a half foot. The well-toned curves of his muscular body twisted and turned under the wash cloth as he slowly soaped his sore body. The hot rush of water falling over his thick, black hair eased the curls pulling the ends toward his mid back. The steam seeped soothingly into his aching arms as his mind wandered back to the bar last night. 
~*~ ~*~
His eyes narrowed into a predatory stare as he watched the short woman walk across the dance floor. Her faded jeans hugged tightly against the softly rounded full curves of her hips and bottom. The black half top reading “Texas Tornado” across the back teased with small glimpses of her tight, tiny midsection. Through the smoke-filled, dimly lit room he stared at the pale, milky complexion of her skin as it teased him hiding then revealing itself again under the cropped top as her dance partner swung her around the floor. The feathering of her flaxen hair as it swung over her shoulders with each turn of the dance, shimmered in the pale lighting of the bar looking like a field of wheat, wet with dew blowing in the soft winds of the summer. Drinking back another shot of Jack, he swallowed hard feeling the burn of the stout whisky ease down his throat. He dropped his glass to the bar hearing her laughter rise above the den of noise coming from the crowded little bar. Looking up he caught the sight of her glossy pink, pouty lips stretching into a full open smile as her partner swung her around again. “Those eyes,” he grumbled under his breath, feeling a tingling want growing under his belt. Laughter wrinkled her pale, freckled face around the glistening glow of her emerald green eyes as she talked and laughed with her dance partner. Shifting uncomfortably in his chair, Blake tried to position himself better hoping to ease the growing ache in his tight jeans as he pulled his mesmerized stare from the curved shape of her hips to the face of her dance partner. He knew Gus from around town, not to mention the many nights the old fellow had helped him to the bed of his truck to sleep off a nights volley of shots and beers. Blake had been more familiar with the old man’s late wife Martha who had mended clothes, draperies and such around his place a few years back. The old woman was a kind soul, always worried away after him and the boys when she came around the ranch to tidy things up. Winter before last when the biting cold took Ms. Martha away from them all was a sad time for each and every soul at his ranch. Every rough and rowdy man on his crew looked to Martha as a mother of sorts and she was dearly missed. 
Drinking the night away, celebrating one of the best auction hauls him and his boys had in a long time, Blake stole glances at the young woman who was warming his body more than the whiskey itself. Watching Gus say goodnight and hug the girl before leaving brought a slow, sly smile to Blake’s lips as drunken courage urged him to finally approach the girl. 
She hated not leaving with Gus, but he insisted she stay to help Roxy close up the bar for the night and have a little fun. The longing in his eyes for Martha was hard for him to hide as the couples danced slowly along the dance floor. Almost as if half the men in the bar were waiting for that exact moment, Megan returned from bidding her friend goodnight and walking him out the door and almost bumped into a rugged looking man with a soft smile on his face. “Care to dance,” he asked in a low voice, extending his hand in front of Megan. Considering turning him down for a moment, she smiled hearing Gus’ words again, “Have fun little lady, you most of all deserve a little of that.” Reaching out to the cowboy's rough hand she nodded and followed him to the dance floor. 
“Damn!” he uttered as he flopped back down in his chair. It seemed Blake wasn’t the only one who had worked up the courage to approach the gorgeous woman. Grumbling softly under his breath he ordered another whiskey, slugging it back immediately before slamming the glass back to the table. The smile fading from his face Blake’s mood turned darker by the minute. Blake watched sullenly as the cowboy twirled the flaxen haired beauty around the floor. The music slowed down a bit as the end of the night neared and all the couples on the dance floor followed its lead, snuggling close to one another as their bodies swayed in slow, loving movements on the dance floor. Blake scolded himself quietly as his eyes stayed fixed on the young barmaid. An unexpected longing pulled heavy at his emotions, leaving Blake’s troubled mind swirling with thoughts and emotions. Blake Moore had never been the kind to have trouble finding a woman. His rugged looks combined with his smooth, endearing charms often had the local ladies swooning over any amount of attention he paid to them. Something ached inside of him though, as the soft glow of the bar lights played over the frame of this light haired beauty. For the first time in his life, Blake began to feel the tinges of longing and the dull pain of loneliness. 
The throbbing ache in his groins had been long replaced by a cold, almost jealous anger as he watched the man’s arms wrapping tighter around the emerald eyed woman. The soft smile on her lips as they whispered close to one another boiled Blake’s blood as he chased after the man’s wondering hands with his cold stare. The chap had gotten more daring after the first two slow dances. Slowly letting his hands caress the tender curve of her lower back, the cowboy let them slip down from the warm, milky skin of Megan’s midsection to the rounded, full curves of her hips as they swayed back and forth. Tension in Blake’s hands balled them into fists as he eyes watch the cowboy’s  fingers dipping down, slipping into the tight seem of her back pockets as he pulled her closer. Dropping his head the drunken confidence of the man locked his lips on hers in a hot, hungry kiss. The loud scraping of the chair as Blake pushed it back was drowned out by the reverberating sound of flesh smacking against other flesh. Looking up just in time to see the flaxen haired beauty’s hand smash hard against the cowboy's cheek, Blake smiled, almost gloating, “that’s my girl,” under his breath. Blake laughed aloud and amazed at the bewildered look on the guys face and the now reddened face of the woman as grumbled something over the bar to Roxy and stomped out the front door. Glancing back at the victim of the little woman’s anger, Blake shook his head slowly and chuckled as he thought of the first time he’d encountered the wraith of the beautiful, small framed wildfire himself. 
~*~ ~*~
After way to many drinks, Blake and the boys were cutting up near the pool table one night a few months back. The guys had been talking about the new barmaid for a week before he decided it had been a while since he really cut loose. Never once did the thought that, one little woman would have such an impact on him, until that first night. Blake was never an arrogant or cocky man, but once the temptation of the liquor entered the scene, no woman was safe nor did any man tempt his fate by crossing the formidable man they all knew so well. Smitty had been on a roll that night, blowing through some money he’d won at the casino. As he boasted loudly, he made sure the drinks came cold and came often. After several hours of the guys fumbling, blushing and acting like lovesick teenagers every time this new barmaid brought their drinks around, Blake decided it was time to make them sweat. He was taken aback by the beauty himself. Her warm emerald green eyes seemed to pale even the brightest of lights surrounded by the waves of long, thick strawberry licked trusses of flaxen blonde hair. The soft feathered ends of her hair framed her small face softening the sparse dotting of light freckles that swam in the milky complexion of her skin. The soft, pouty fullness of her sweet lips seemed to entice even the shyest of men to speak to her. The thought of those plump lips pressing against his, hungrily nipping against his skin sent a chill down the otherwise cool man. As she walked toward the den of rowdy cowboys bringing yet another round of beers to their table, Blake stepped up to the plate and asked her for a dance. “Here we go again,” she thought to herself holding back a sigh. It had already been a long night she wished she could have skipped. With it being her first week on the job, Megan hadn't dared to take a night off. She loved talking to everyone, dancing with some of the guys that came into the bar and her job in general. The idea of another set of hands taking their liberties with her small body delighted her in the least. At least the tips were good she reminded herself and she smiled at the tall, dark cowboy and nodded her agreement. 
Megan had noticed the tall, well-built cowboy when he walked into the bar earlier that evening. Her frequent trips to the guys’ table had her smiling almost wanting to introduce herself to him all night. She felt his eyes tracing the curves of her small frame many times, though he never spoke a word to her as she’d bring the latest round of drinks. Like most woman who found themselves in the proximity of Blake Moore, Megan’s emotions were set a flurry by his strong, silently calm and cool demeanor. Letting her eyes take him in as they walked to the dance floor she almost laughed realizing she barely came up to his chest. “This would look like some sort of father-daughter dance,” the thought teased her as she turned under the urging of his hand and stepped in time with his direction to the music. She was thankful it was one of the quicker tunes as the couple swung around with the music but the silence between them made her a little uncomfortable. Most men yammered on as they danced but this one hadn’t said a single word since he asked her to dance. Raising her eyes, Megan traced her gaze over the strong features of his face. Decidedly she nodded to herself that there must be Indian in his heritage somewhere as his high cheekbones stretched the dark, rugged skin over his somewhat sun worn face. As the song ended, she started to step back to thank him for the dance before the next slow song could get started good. Holding his arms tight around her midsection, he looked down at her for the first time and smiled. “One more,” his husky voice almost whispered as his dark, stormy looking eyes traced her small face. She wasn't sure if it was the way his lips curled, the soft edges of his eyes or his deep voice, but the tall dark and quiet cowboy sent a shiver up her spine. Smiling slowly and trying to break away from his soul piercing gaze, Megan nodded and allowed him to pull her a bit closer, resting his chin lightly on the top of her head. 
The scent of her hair and perfume waffling around them, he pulled her closer savoring the warmth of her body pressing against his. The rise and fall of her breathing pressed her small rounded breasts against his chest. His eyes narrowing softly as he looked down at her. Blake’s body was more affected by this little beauty than he realized when the tingling need growing in his loins struck him like a lightning bolt. The searing heat of her small hands holding on to his shoulders burned into his skin. She smelled so good, was so warm and soft against his hard, bulky body. The soft humming she’d been doing was unmistakably striking him to his very core. His arms wrapped in a close, protective shield over the small frame of the woman. He savored the heated closeness of their bodies and closed his eyes momentarily as the fingers of her hand stroked lazily over the taut muscles of his neck.
Megan sighed softly as the heat of his strong body played over the tender flesh of hers. The slow steady thump of his heartbeat pressed against her cheek as her head lay softly against his chest. The soft humming she had been doing with the slow tune of the song caught in her throat as his arms moved softly over her waist, tightening his grip around her. Behind the closed lids of her eyes, Megan breathed in slowly the rugged smell of his cologne mixed with the soft hint of leather setting a dull burning ache into her very core. Letting her fingers wander lazily over the strong, taut muscles of his shoulders, Megan moaned softly trying to subdue the building warmth over her skin. “I don’t even know his name,” she whispered into her thoughts as her body awakened slowly with a deep wanting passion. The gentle curve of his body molding itself around hers ignited a raging fire as the warmth of his breath trickled down the soft flesh of her neck. Trying to control the growing desire welling inside of her, Megan raised her face and smiled as her gaze met his. His smile slowly stretched to match hers as he traced his soft dark blue eyes over her face. Knowing the guys were in the back, dimly lit corner of the bar assuredly still staring as their boss pulled the object of all their affections tight against him, Blake turned her small frame in a slow circle, placing her between him and the boys. His lips tightened into a thin, defiant grin as he saw his boys waggling their tongues for sure about him and this warm, soft half pint of a woman. Making sure all the guys were still eyeballing him with the barmaid. Blake’s lips curled into a devilish grin as he slid both his hands from her mid-section, feeling the soft rounded curves of her ass under the strong, calloused grip of his hands. He surprised even himself as his head dropped, almost automatically drawn to those full, soft, delicious pouty lips and trapped them under his heated kiss. 
~*~ ~*~
Rubbing fondly at his cheek and turning his gaze back to the unlucky cowboy, he laughed thinking he too had been cocky enough to think he could get close to the barmaid before realizing he had unleashed the fury of hell. Throwing back another shot of whiskey to drown out the memory of those soft sweet lips, Blake started away from the table before seeing the now shamed man storming out the door. “I know he’s pissed,” he laughed to himself as he made his way through the tightly packed crowd of dancers on the floor. Pushing the swinging door open, the crispness of the night air slammed against Blake heated face reminding him of just how much he had drank already, or was it remembering the feel of her soft ass under his hands and her sweet lips trapped under his own not so long ago. Looking side to side assuring there were no unexpected eyes, he reached down shifting the notably uncomfortable bulge that had pressed against the tightness of his jeans.  Squinting he searched the foggy, dimly lit parking lot deciding to himself the hot tempered, curvy woman must have already gone. Soft rumbling of distant thunder brought the promise of a spring storm to notice filling the cool night air with a hint of electricity. Blake whistled as he slipped his hands into his front pockets and started walking toward his truck. His smile growing full and cocky once again as he replayed her hand smacking across the cowboy’s cheek just moments ago. “Texas Tornado is right,” he chuckled as he turned the corner of the building. Blake’s smile faded quickly as the low thump of the music coming from inside the bar was broken by the sounds of a scuffle. “Let.. me.. Go!,” shouted a woman’s voice, dripping with fear as thick as a night fog. “Get off me you son of a bitch!,” the curse was punctuated with the unmistakable sound of flesh slapping against flesh. “You little bitch!” rang an angry man’s voice as Blake rounded the back end of his red pickup truck, “lead me on all fucking night then act like you are better than me!” The last word being cut off by another sharp rap of flesh striking more flesh more hard and loud than the first. Breaking into a full run as he pointed out from the sounds of struggle where the scuffle was coming from, Blake rounded the front of an old Pinto and leapt. Knocking the cowboy to the ground in a rush of anger, “Why don’t you pick on someone your own size?” Blake grunted coldly as his fist connected with the man’s face. With the heated rush of alcohol fueling his temper and the echoes of a female’s voice still on the night air, Blake dropped another hard fisted punch. He didn’t even see who the cowboy had been fighting with only the faint sounds of scattering gravel and rapid footfalls leading away from the scene. A few hard punches landed on the cowboy as Blake aimed around the wild swings the drunk threw. He barely remembered the guys pulling him off. Blake looked around for the woman whom had unluckily found herself in the way of the now beaten mass of cowboy that lay at his feet. Whoever she was, she was gone now, almost as if she were never there. His shoulder ached the reminder of the hard night before while the tingle deep in his groin rushed the image of the barmaid wrapped in his arms, smiling up at him before his stupidity spilled out on the woman. “Idiot,” he cursed himself shaking his head trying to clear the image of the gorgeous, curvy woman, Blake rubbed his shoulder once more then stepped out of the shower.
~*~ ~*~
“Good morning,” she called out, lifting her hand to shield the bright morning sun from her eyes as she peered at the older cowboy in the corral wrestling with the lead of an untamed horse.  “Wha.. uh, good mornin’ little lady,” the rounded older gentleman called back as he dropped the rope and eyed the short, soft figure of the woman now leaning against the corral gate. Tossing a quick glance over his shoulder as the wild horse bucked and ran realizing he was freed. Hobbling over to the gate with a noticeable limp in his walk, the old man’s soft voice rang out, “What can I do ya for?” Dropping her small hand from her brow she smiled, extending a friendly hand through the corral gate. “Looks like you got your hands full there with that one,” she nodded toward the uneasy stallion, frothing at the mouth still with anger. The hard lines of the older man’s face softened with a laugh, “Yea, I’m beginning to think these old hands are filling up too quickly these days.” His smile fading as he turned his gaze at the young woman wondering where she came from and what she was doing here at the ranch. Her honey toned braids framed her small freckle covered face. Her inviting soft smile seemed to radiate with a warmth he could feel down in his old bones. Her eyes sparkled in the morning sunlight with flashes of emerald and gold as she watched the impatient stallion stop and spur at the ground. Uneasiness settled over her as she realized the older gentleman was still staring at her. Lifting her eyes to his she started to say something when he spoke, “quite a shiner you got there little lady.” A slight twinge of pain could be heard in his voice as he wondered what or who could have hurt such a beautiful creature as this. This was nothing compare to the bruises, marks and scars she had toted in her short 27 years, Megan thought as she raised her hand. Touching her gloved fingers to the hot, swollen cheek, she sighed realizing her make up didn’t cover the large purple bruise on her face as well as she hoped it would. Fighting back a tingle of pain under her eye, Megan laughed softly looking up at the gentleman. “Yea rough night. Hey..” she continued on not wanting the pitying look in his eyes burn against her swollen cheek any longer. “.. You mind if I give him a go?” nodding at the stallion across the corral. 
“Well,” the cowboy started fumbling with a bandana he’d drawn from his pocket and wiped slowly at his sweaty brow. As she dropped her duffle by the gate and crawled through, Megan made her way across the corral before the older man could finish, “Hey! Hey girl, you be careful around that beast,” he called out in a worried holler as she approached the stallion, pulled her hat from her head and slapped it hard against her thigh. “Oh hell..,” he shouted as the angry stallion raced toward him, hugging the rounded edge of the corral at full speed just missing him as he opened the gate and stepped quickly outside. “Haw, haw!” she taunted as she worked the stallion up into a bucking froth of anger pushing him harder and harder slapping her hat against her leg. “Look out girl, look out!” the old cowhand hollered as the stallion reared up in front of her. Without missing a step she slapped her dirty, straw hat against her leg again sending the raging stallion in a full speed sprint away from her, this time though, she ran behind him still hollering at the top of her lungs. Rubbing his face with the palm of his hand, the old man shook his head, too scared to take his eyes off the girl and the stallion. Not being able to do anything but watch the thirty minutes of fast paced interaction between this small girl and the frantic, angry animal, he thought to himself “that beast is going to trample that girl, then I’m going to have to explain to Blake what happened.” After two more rounds of the crazy, high tensioned chase around the corral, the girl stopped chasing the stallion as he raced around in circles. 
A thin smile creased her lips as she planted her feet firmly in the ground as the stallion thundered up behind her and reared in anger ready to crush the small body in front of him. Just before the old cowhand could scream out, she spun on her heels to face the charging stallion, pulled her hat down tight on her head and started walking toward the rampaging animal. The sweat glistened on the buckskin’s hide as he slid to a halt merely feet from the small woman.  His eyes wide and his breathing heavy, he watched the figure approach him slowly. Complaining loudly, the stallion reared and snorted as she took a final slow step toward him and reached her hand out softly stroking the rope dangling in front of him. Without breaking the intense stare of the bewildered animal, she turned letting the rope slip from her fingers as she watched the confused and angry eyes of the stallion over her shoulder and began to walk away from him. Shaking his head and snorting loudly, it was clear the animal was as confused as the old cowhand. As she strode slowly past the gate, she gave a soft wink at the older man whose wide eyes told her the stallion was in step behind her as she had planned. Walking at a slow pace around the edges of the corral a soft humming floated up into the morning air as the small woman continued her leisurely stroll as if unaware of the dangerous animal only a few feet behind her. After another circle of the corral with the curious but tired and winded horse following behind Megan, she stopped again across the corral from the gate and turned on her heals slowly. The stallion still wide eyed, but considerably more tired, bucked his head leaving a loud report of snorts in the air as she approached and slid her fingers up the length of the lose rope. Slowly raising her other hand to stroke the length of the beautiful stallion’s face she smiled and turned the gentle humming into her sweet, small voice singing a soft tune. The old man’s face still drained of color from the images of the large stallion trampling the girl that had been going through his mind. His mouth dropped open as she turned toward him after 20 minutes or so of stroking the horses face and singing to it. “Hell’s bells little lady,” he whispered almost breathlessly as she placed the limp rope in his big hand, “what did you say your name was again?” He held back a laugh, trying not to frighten the stallion. Her smile radiating under the thick black bruise on her face, she laughed herself as she stroked her fingers along the strong muscle of the stallion’s now relaxed jaw before lending her hand to the old cowboy, “Megan, Megan Calloway.” Chuckling to herself she amused at the big man still bewildered by what she’d just done, she shook his hand firmly as he finally replied still in shock, “Buchannan Moore, but please, just call me Buck.”
The gentleman reminded her a lot of Gus and her grandfather. Stealing glances at him as they walked from the corral, she guessed he was close to, if not already into his seventies. Even through the years of hard living, hot sun, changing winds and weather, the gentleness of this man couldn’t be hidden under his rugged, worn looks. His eyes, warm puddles of blue oceans, glimmered of pride as he walked her around the ranch pointing out things here and there. After their half hour or so of walking the working area of the ranch, she’d come to the conclusion this old man had worked hard all his life for all that she’d seen of the place. There was a sadness that seemed to lurk there, mixed in with the pride and joy swimming in his eyes. She smiled as the older gentleman pulled a hand rolled cigarette from his shirt pocket and fished in each of the jean pockets. Dipping her small fingers into her own pocket, she pressed a lighter into his palm as he looked at her almost amazed. “Oh, I don’t smoke,” she answered to his unasked question, “but often at the bar the drunker of the patrons have trouble keeping up with their own lighters,” she laughed softly brushing the wild straying feathers of her flaxen hair away from her face. Pulling the folded square of paper from her hip pocket, Megan began telling the older gentleman of what brought her to his sprawling ranch this morning, filling him in on bits of her upbringing that would lend kindly on her plea. She still intended to work at the bar, besides, she couldn’t just up and leave Gus to have to go back to running the bar himself, he couldn’t do that, he didn’t have the heart to do that anymore since his wife had past just that last winter. The bar had been Martha’s dream, her baby other than frequenting the Moore ranch and taking care of her boys. “So you see, I can do most anything required on a ranch, inside or out, day or night,” she paused momentarily before adding, “well minus the couple hours I’ll be helping at Gus’ place.” Running a worn red bandana he’d retrieved from his pocket over his forehead, Buck Moore read the carefully penned note and folded it back in place. The old cowboy forced a soft smile, though his thoughts were far from the rambling story the girl had just laid out for him. Tucking the folded cloth back into his pocket, he nodded and turned his sparkling soft blue eyes back to hers giving a soft laugh. “Good ol' Gus, guess he figured he wasn’t the only one missing dear sweet Martha. I think you staying on would be just fine little lady, only..” he paused lost in thought for a moment. Megan glanced at the old man again, searching his face, was that a hint of sadness in his eyes? She knew it was coming, her stomach already knotting up getting ready to be rejected because she was a girl. She’d known the feeling too well these past few months. This wasn’t the first visit to a ranch she’d made since the chatter in town had started about her staying with Gus. “I think I better talk to my son, this is really his ranch now,” Buck continued as he stood, offering her his hand. Reluctantly she took his hand and stood up with the older man, her head hanging low knowing this wasn’t going to work out. Where would she stay now? How was she going to get these old ranchers to realize she was as good as any man out there? Her mind worried and turned the questions over and over in her head as she strode sullenly beside the old cowboy. “I thought for sure the stallion show would have sealed the deal,” she mumbled to herself as the old man pulled a gate closed behind them. 
Kicking the toe of her boot at an invisible rock in front of her, she sunk her hands into her front pockets. Megan looked up a few times as the old man hobbled up to the porch of the large log and stone framed house. Squinting slightly as a tall, stout man appeared in the opening of the front door and stood, it seemed towering over the older gentleman, and laid his hand lovingly on the old fellow’s shoulder. The new gentleman never looked her way but she measured him up from the distance. He was tall, nearly a head taller than the older fellow, his body was stout, well built from ranch work she was sure. His broad shoulders seemed to block the entire doorway as he stood nodding at the old man, his dark hair falling lazily against his shoulders as he laughed at something the gentleman said. She watched Buck’s head drop slightly as he pulled Gus’ letter from his pocket and passed it to the man she assumed by now was his son. When the conversation turned to a more hushed, serious tone she turned her gaze away from the men and looked at her surroundings. Off to the side of the huge barn stretched a long narrow building, a couple of doors marking the plain white front. The sparsely decorated porch stretched the length of the building with only a couple of benches dotting its long span. Not far from the long white building she saw what she figured was the cookhouse. Its chimney jutting up into the sky with the light puffs of smoke rolling into the clear sky, a mouthwatering sweet scent of apple pie floated throughout the entire ranch. Megan walked slowly toward a lonesome cowboy song that was coming from the cookhouse. 
“Why hello!” a chipper voice greeted her as she stepped onto the porch. As her eyes adjusted to the shade of the porch, she spotted a short, skinny man with both his small hands wrapped around a towel covered dish. “Those sure smell good,” she smiled standing firm at the door not pushing her way in without being invited. “My mam’s recipe, the boys can’t resist it after a long day under the heat,” the soft, aged voice half sang as he wiped his hands on his apron and stepped toward her with his hand extended. “Name’s Cookie,” he bowed politely. Unable to return the soft smile that creased the older man’s face, she squeezed softly against his shake, “Pleasure to meet you Cookie, I’m Megan.” She returned looking past the man’s questioning face as she pulled her hand back and slipped it into her front pocket. “I saw the way you wore that spirit down out there,” the cook spoke softly over his shoulder as he turned back to the stove. The clank of a pan on the counter pulled her attention back to the small, wiry frame of the cook, “I’m sorry?” she asked almost embarrassed she hasn’t heard exactly what he had said.  “The horse,” he paused for a second, “and old Buck,” he finished with a laugh. Forcing a smile she sighed, hopefully she had worn down ‘old Buck’ if not, she had nowhere else to go. She knew in her heart Gus wouldn’t kick her out if she couldn’t get this job, but she knew too that it would do no good to keep counting on his kindness and watching those old biddies in town keep heckling him every time her name was brought up. Though she found the polite conversation the cook offered over a cup of coffee relaxing, her worry of being turned away still loomed largely on her mind. The scuffling of feet behind her on the porch snapped her out of her down on her luck sullen thoughts as she turned in the small wooden chair to face the noise. Buck stood there decidedly out of breath as he leaned against the door frame. Fishing for his bandana from his back pocket, he wiped his brow and smiled down at the worried face of the wild little filly who’d brightened his morning. 
~*~ ~*~
Even the musty smell of the bunkhouse couldn’t wipe the overjoyed smile from her small pink lips as Buck ushered her through the door. “It will just be for a little while, until we can get that old cabin back by the lake there cleaned out and set up for you young lady,” Bucks deep but tender voice assured her as she dropped her duffle on a bed in the far back corner of the bunkhouse. Rubbing his rough, arthritis bent fingers under his chin he continued, “I’ll talk to the boys and make sure they behave themselves. Better yet, I’ll have Blake talk to them when he’s back from town later this evening.” The hard smile on his face told her that his son Blake must be a formidable man that all the guys both respected and feared. “I’m sure the guys and I can come to some sort of schedule,” she assured the older gentleman thinking the sleeping situation and bathing schedule would have to be worked out with the men she would be sharing this space with. After an hour, Megan had strung a tight wire from the walls around her bunk and hung a few of the long thick blankets over as a curtain. Smiling satisfied with her temporary lodging Megan pushed past the blankets and headed toward the sound of the guys making their way to the cookhouse. “Now’s as good a time as any to introduce myself,” she thought as she stepped through the cookhouse door and smiled at Cookie who already had her cup of coffee extended as she neared. The kindly old cook accompanied her to the back dining room, a large screened in addition to the cookhouse that held one long wooden table with long benches on either side filled with the eight men caught up in their own conversations. 
“Hey fellas,” called out Cookie’s soft voice, “this here is Megan, she’s hired on this morning with old Buck, so she’ll be staying on here at the ranch.” She smiled and nodded trying to hold back a flood of laughter as each of the rough, dirty looking cowboys stopped, wide eyed with their mouths dropped open around their spoons. Every one of the faces looking up at her like a deer caught in the headlights was familiar to her. She’d seen them all at the bar more times than she could count and for the most part, they always had that same befuddled look in their eyes then. Her smile widened as a long, lanky boy stood from the back of the table and approached her. Reaching out she lightly hugged the young man as her soft voice rang out in recognition, “Jason, I didn’t know you worked here on the ranch.” Jason had been around the bar a lot since she’d arrived in town. Not yet old enough to drink, he often sat at the bar eating whatever Roxy had cooked up and drinking sodas like they were going out of style. The only one who should have been acting like a love struck teen, Jason had always been comfortable around Megan as he helped her and Roxy stock the coolers, sweep the bar and often showing up at Gus’ small ranch to help out around there as well. “You’re really going to be staying here,” he asked her quietly while his eyes darted uneasily between the men around the table, their gaping mouths slowly returning to the chore of swallowing down their food. She nodded noting the concerned look in her young friend’s eyes and spoke up trying to ease his young mind, “Yep, but it would probably be more comfortable if you introduced me to the guys.” The worry still in his young eyes, Jason reached for her hand instinctively and pulled her toward the front of the long, food laden table and began his unsure introductions of the guys to Megan. Each guy almost nervous as they stretched their hands in greetings to her spoke his name shortly, she smiled and nodded relived that she actually had known some of their names already. As Megan and the young boy made their way back around to the front of the table, the steeled stare coming from the first man seated felt as though it was burning straight through her. Swallowing a few times she extended her hand since he didn’t bother to offer her his own. His eyes traced slowly up her arm, lingering a little too long over the stretched white tank top that peeked from behind her tied up flannel shirt. Finally dropping his uncomfortable gaze on her lips, “Smitty,” he grunted out with a deep, gruff voice. Goose bumps rose to the surface of her soft, pale skin as he wrapped his hard hands in a tight grip around her extended fingers and squeezed a silent warning. She swallowed hard, the unsettling stare setting her spine on edge, forcing a weak smile.  Megan pulled her hand from his and stepped quickly out of his reach, bumping into Jason. Her eyes darting up to her young friend, almost hoping he would step between her and that searing gaze. Jason took a step in front of her, likely reading the expression in her eyes, as he ushered her to a small table in the back corner of the screened in room and sat her facing away from the guys before joining her. “Stay away from that one, as far away as possible,” the young boy warned in a hurried whisper nodding back toward Smitty. He rose to his feet after a moment fetched her a plate and returned to the small table. 
~*~ ~*~
The cool air blew across the darkly tanned arm as Blake drove back from town, his window rolled down and the music up loud. Laughing out loud his mind flashed to a rough, homely looking woman near as big as his dad walking into the bunkhouse and laying down the law to his boys. He knew his dad had a soft spot for portly women, his mother bless her soul, was as big around as his father, but never a sweeter woman in the world. As rough as any cowboy and as loving as could be, he missed his mother though he barely remembered her anymore. Blake had only been ten when they lost his mother. The one reason he slept most his drunken nights off in the bed of his truck, she had been killed by a drunk that didn’t do the same so many years ago. Still, soft on this woman or not, did his father even think of the mess this would make with the guys having to share the bunkhouse with a female. Hell most of those guys would bed a goat if the feeling hit them just right. He laughed at the thought of his rough and rowdy guys but reassured himself that each of them has also been well raised and knew their place around a woman. Each except for Smitty, Blake reminded himself, as the thoughts of all the hell that followed on Smitty’s heals last summer when that Carter girl claimed he forced himself on her. Her past itself didn’t lend any credit to the claim, nor did her leaving town with a truck driver a week later. The look he’d seen in Smitty’s eyes though often made Blake wonder if the girl hadn’t spoken the truth. He’d have to speak to the guys when he got home and set up some kind of schedule, he noted to himself silently, especially Smitty. 
His truck pulled up to the house as the porch light turned on and the shadow of his father slid through the door, walked across the porch and stopped on the old swing at the far end. As the faint red glow of the hot end of a cigarette arched through the air, Blake stepped up on the porch. Turning to his father sitting on the swing, Blake tossed him a large, light weight box. The older gentleman’s voice crackled as he caught the box and lifted the lid, “What’s this?” Buck smiled gently as he eyes fell on a brand new straw hat. “Thought you needed a new one,” Blake muttered as he dropped into the empty seat next to his father. A sigh broke through the chilled night air as the old man choked back a flood of old memories, startling softly his voice broke, “Thank you son, but I think I’ll just wear it for special occasions.” Blake didn’t have to look at his father. He knew the sound of the empty years without his wife as they overtook the old man. His parents had been returning from town late one evening the day his and his father’s life changed forever. Buck was never able to settle when Blake was out late at night because of it. Dropping his arm down softly over the old man’s shoulder Blake cleared his throat, “Well, let’s go see this new hand you hired on.” Buck’s sullen face stretched into a warm smile as he began telling his son about how the young woman had tamed down that buckskin stallion. The old cowboy’s voice softened talking about how nice it was going to be having a woman’s touch around the place again. As the two strode up to the bunkhouse, the guys greeted their boss as usual before Blake started talking about their new guest. The strange looks on the men’s face went unnoticed; dare they tell him the barmaid was their new guest? All the guys knew the fiery little barmaid had awakened something in their boss they had never seen before. Before he was a strongly business minded man, quick to lose his temper, had is fun with the single ladies, and showed little care about having to make treks to town. These last few months his whole demeanor changed though, he jumped at the chance to head into town, frequented the bar more often than ever and decided just two weeks ago the rough sodden place had needed some sprucing up. Blake had definitely been taken with the new girl in town. The firecracker of a barmaid had brought a yearning into his heart that he never felt before. Oh there had been many women in their boss’ life, several a week at times the guys recalled, until recently that was. Never before had Blake seen a future that included a loving woman by his side with two strapping young boys playing in the yard. That longing had lessened his desire for just any warm woman considerably the past few months. After heckling the guys a bit about minding their manners in the woman’s presence and laying down a few steadfast laws, Blake started toward the bunkhouse door intending to introduce himself and meet this mysterious woman who had come to his ranch looking for work. “She’s already asleep,” the young cowhand spoke up before Blake could turn the knob, half turning to eye the young man he’d taken in when his grandparents had passed. Blake laughed, “This one isn’t going to last long then I see,” almost glad he didn’t have to deal with the pleasantries of meeting her this evening. There was only one woman he had wanted to see today and she hadn't even been there.
~*~ ~*~
Pushing the swinging door open, Blake grinned with his eyes narrow tracing the spread of people in the bar. Tuesday nights were never real busy, but he couldn’t help think of the blonde headed barmaid as he left the western store twenty minutes ago. Not usually the kind to spend every evening in the bar, everyone noticed Blake’s more frequent visits lately including his old high school sweetheart Roxy. After his eyes finished his initial scan of the place, his cocky grin faded from his lips as he waded slowly to the bar. Sneaking a peek here and there in the dark corners of the bar hoping to get a look at the reason he stopped in. Soft laughter broke his gaze around the dimly lit, smoke filled room as he saddled up to the bar and plopped disappointedly onto a bar stool. “Guess you didn’t find what you were looking for huh stud,” teased the light familiar voice of Roxy. “Only thing I came lookin’ for was a cold Bud and a sexy smile,” he sneered playfully turning his soured face to his old friend in a flirtatious smile. Roxy’s long slender fingers pushed a towel into a beer mug and turned it lazily as she eyed the cowboy twisting her thin red lips into a stretched frown, “Mmhmm, ok whatever you say Blake.” Roxy was a long tall glass of water, curves in all the right places and legs that seemed to go on for miles, nearly as tall as Blake himself. He remembered, sometimes too fondly, all the nights they had thrown caution to the wind behind her daddy’s barn all those years ago. Blake Moore had never been the settling down type and Roxy had found that out back in high school, but these days she had noticed a sort of sadness or longing in his eyes. Had the new barmaid brought these changes to her old friend? Roxy had seen her sharing shielded glances with her rough cut, but still absolutely gorgeous old lover. She laughed quietly to herself thinking that those two must have been the only ones who thought the glances between them had gone unnoticed. The whole town talked about the growing tension between the area’s most sought after bachelor and the new barmaid that blew into town one cold night a couple months back. Roxy couldn’t remember the two speaking more than a few words to each other, but the burning tension between the two let the bar feeling stifling hot some nights. “She’s off tonight,” his friend finally blurted trying to put him out of the noticeable misery as his searching eyes turned back over his shoulder to see the source of laughter in the back corner of the dance floor. Slumping his shoulders with a heavy sigh, Blake turned back wrapping his hand around the beer mug and sipped at the cold frothy beer letting his gaze fall on the familiar features of Roxy’s face. Had he messed up years ago letting her go off to college instead of asking her to marry him there on the spot? Why now were all these feeling coming up? He never saw himself a married man, couple good nights in the sack with some warm woman who had fallen prey to his charms had always been more than enough to appease his appetite, but now.. Blake’s sullen and confused thoughts trailed off with the hard clap of a strong hand on his back. Raising his gaze from his old lover, he glanced up catching sight of the sheriff’s badge on the chest of the tall figure beside him and smiled, “Barry you old bastard, how you been?” The fellow chuckled and shook Blake’s hand, then leaned over the bar catching Roxy’s thin chin in his fingers before planting a soft kiss on the glossy, red lips that moments before had been the attention point of Blake’s reminiscing stare. “You not hittin’ on my ol’ lady are ya Blake? I’d hate to take ya outside and remind ya who got the best woman around,” the tall thin man teased his old friend. Barry had married Roxy years ago, when Blake was too dumb to hang on to her. Blake smiled and pounded his fist into Barry’s shoulder, “You sure did Barry, you sure did,” he left off sending a quick smile over to Roxy before getting to his feet. Waving his goodbyes, with a quick push of the door Blake headed out of the bar more lonesome and confused about the black cloud that had been hanging over his mood lately. Roxy frowned as her old friend disappeared behind the swing of the door and tossed a concerned look across the bar to her husband, “I think the bug finally stung Blake. I’ll tell you one thing though, that girl better not break his heart,” she took pause a second and laughed, “especially now we all know he actually has one.”
~*~ ~*~
Blake passed behind his father’s chair quietly figuring he was already snoozing as an old western blared in the living room. The black cloud of loneliness hung heavy over his heart all the way home. He was actually glad the new lady cowhand hadn't been awake, and all he wanted to do now was get a quick shower and crawl into bed for the night. After his hot shower Blake chose to bypass clothing all together. Dropping the wet towel from around his slender waist he crawled under his sheets, closing his eyes and sighed loudly. He couldn’t make any sense of his mix of emotions lately, admittedly the new barmaid had caught his eye, but whatever this deep longing for her he felt was a completely new territory for him. Blake shifted restlessly under the heavy quilt, his body tired beyond belief but his mind was running at full blast. Her hair glimmering under even the dim lights of the bar filled his mind. Blake traced the memory of the thin wisps of reddish blonde hair as they fell around her face and teased over her shoulders. Her body, even with her short height fit perfectly against his and his arms cradled her soft curves as if they were made to be together. The fiery gold sparks in the emerald seas of her eyes burned against his memory as hot as a stray ember from a blazing campfire. It could take him years to find the reasoning behind the pain in those beautiful eyes. Though she tried her best to hide it with her soft, pink lips as they smiled, creasing the corners of her mouth. Aimlessly his tongue slipped between his lips and wet a slow path over them as he remembered the softness of her mouth under his the night he’d made a complete ass of himself. Kissing away from the small curled corners of her lips, his mouth would take possession of the soft, milky white skin of her neck. Feather like strokes of his tongue over her smooth vanilla scented shoulder filled his mind as a heated twinge started deep in his loins. His strong hands pushing the short cropped shirt upward along her outstretched arms, first letting his eyes feast on the small mounds of her young, firm breasts before his kisses could trail downward. She was young, he thought to himself, couldn’t be much more than twenty-five. A soft pebble of flesh slipping between his hot, wet lips, he’d sucked softly wrapping his mouth around the hardening nipple as he cupped her breast in his hands, engulfing most of the small firm mound in his grip and squeezed gently. Hoarse moans of discomfort rumbled from his elicit dreaming as the hardness of his manhood ached for the heat of her body wrapped around his. Pressing his palm over the source of the uncomfortable tension, moving its pressure back and forth as his mind’s eye saw her small hands wrapping around his swollen member. Squeezing softly as the long slow strokes only increased the pressure beneath her fingers. The fire in her eyes unmistakably pleading for release as his mouth fell softly over hers intent on giving her exactly what her eyes had begged for. Slipping between her short muscular thighs with the slow guidance of his hand, he’d found the entrance to the heaven he knew he needed so bad. Pressing his hips into hers, the slow but increasing rhythm of his pumping threatened to finally release all his pent up passions and desires. Harder and harder he pumped his fullness into her soft awaiting body. Blake trembled as her full pink lips formed the shape of his name spilling from her lips, “Oh Blake.” His eyes shot open as his grip around his throbbing shaft tightened, stroking harder as his body released. Grunting out in frustration as he realized she was not with him. Despair and a cold emptiness quickly filled his emotions as the last of his passion spilled against the warm sheets of his bed and the fleeting images of her awaiting arms faded from his mind. “Fuck! Fuck, FUCK!” he cussed himself as he sat up on the edge of his bed flinging back the sweat and passion soaked sheets. Anger at himself sinking deep inside as his head dropped into the palm of his hands and he shook his head disbelievingly. Narrowing his eyes, his anger quickly turned toward the image of the short, flaxen haired beauty. Confusion from the swirling emotions and a deep seeded embarrassment twisted his face in anger. Feeling such a need for this woman had him cussing, “The little tease is more trouble than she’s worth.” While this unsettling need for this woman grew deep down inside him, the thought of another woman sleeping only yards from his window never crossed his mind. 
~*~ ~*~
The banging of pots and pans in the nearby cook house awoke Megan with a start. Her restless night’s sleep, if you could call it that, shown gravely on her face. The soft indentions under her eyes dark with exhaustion as she pressed her palms tightly to her eyes and rubbed slowly. A sharp pain ached across her cheek as her palm pressed a bit too roughly over her still swollen and bruised cheek. Breaking the full gutted yawn, a small sadness washed over her face as the few fleeting images of her restless dreams floated back into her mind. She hadn’t paid a lot of attention to the cowboys around town. Often Megan felt a twinge of disgust deep in her stomach as the rather large number of them had tried to warm her to them or outright assumed they could do with her as she wished. Of all the gentlemen who tried taking their liberties with her, the one that disgusted her most was the tall dark cowboy who had been in the bar nearly every night after her first week working there. His cool, cold and cocky demeanor paired with his arrogant smirks and sneers often left her fuming at the end of a night. Ready, willing and waiting to put the prize rooster in his place! The audacity he’d shown that first night, groping and kissing her like she were a toy brought a heated anger to her cheeks. A heated anger she knew was directed more at herself and her unexpected attraction to him.  His eyes though, since that same night, had always fixed on her.  His dark, stormy blue eyes were always following her in the evenings when he visited the bar. Yet in her dreams, he always seemed to make an appearance that didn’t light her short tempered fuse but instead stoked the unwanted desire that rose deep inside of her. Shaking her head trying to dismiss the growing frustration and confusion that began to twist her mind into a dull ache, she ringed her thumb and finger around the small faint scar encasing her wrist. Even after ten months, Kenneth chased her to the very corners of her thoughts. Doubt and fear began to swell in her eyes as tears threatened to escape. Megan wondered would she ever really be free of that man. Sniffling softly as she brushed the back of her small hand over her eyes, the inviting smell of coffee filled her lungs and surprisingly the worries that hung loosely over her dreams faded away. Giving a quick look around the darkness of the bunkhouse, Megan slipped out of her sleep shorts and began to dress. Slipping her toned legs into the jeans she’s laid out the night before and pulling her long sleeved denim shirt around her body, Megan dressed quickly and quietly tiptoed past the still full bunkhouse of snoring men. 
The old cook’s bright smile dared to compete with the early rising dawn as he turned toward the low creak of the old door and said gleefully,” Well mornin’ little lady! How did you sleep?” The warmth of the stove inviting her inside away from the still early spring chilled morning air as she reached for a coffee cup. Slowly pouring herself some coffee, mindlessly Megan topped off the cup the sweet old cook had placed on the counter just moments before. “None them boys hassled ya did they? Blake came down here last night to set them all straight and to introduce himself to ya, but Jason had told him you turned in early,” the every busy little cookie rambled as he flipped flapjacks on the large cast iron griddle. Sipping slowly on the hot coffee she stifled back a yawn, “I wish Jason would have woke me, I look forward to meeting Mr. Buck’s son. I’m sure if he’s anything like his father, he will be a pleasure,” she smiled thinking kindly of the man who most likely saved her from more aimless traveling looking for a safe place to stay. At least for as long as she could stay in one place, she thought quietly to herself. 
Comfortable with his company early this morning, Cookie began telling Megan about himself and how he came to cook at the Moore ranch. Cookie had been a gambler in his early years and a damn good one for a while as it were. His biggest win was a ten acre stretch that bordered the Moore ranch years back when he was still a young man. Buck Moore and Cookie were longtime friends and when Cookie won the small tract near his place, Buck and his wife became close companions with Cookie. Often Buck would help Cookie on his small place and in turn Cookie would go to help the Moores on their ranch. The friendship was strong and grew by the years, but more so Cookie’s affection for the Moore’s baby son grew as the bump in Nina Moore’s belly grew. Buck never diluted himself about Cookie’s affections for his young half breed wife, but Buck himself could never be mad at anyone who was attracted to the beauty that drew him to Nina in the first place. Cookie had never married over the years and while his own Native American heritage first drew him to Nina, it was his affection for the woman that kept him coming back to the Moore ranch. The early morning sunlight glimmered in the old cook’s eyes as he recalled the happiness of Blake’s arrival and how the Moore’s had chosen him to be the child’s godfather. Cookie had been Buck’s closest friend and with the cook’s affection toward Nina, they knew if anything were to happen to them Cookie would raise Blake as his own. A few years after Blake was born, Cookie tried his hand at a big gamble once again. A wild night at the newly built casino lead to an after-hours poker game in which Cookie staked his hand with the deed to his small ranch. Days later when he finally worked up the courage to tell Buck about his short comings at cards that night, the Moores didn’t think twice before Buck headed off to town. After Buck had bought back the deed from the slick handed gambler, Cookie couldn’t accept the gift without returning anything to the Moore’s. Even though Buck had turned the deed back over to Cookie, Cookie snuck off to town a few weeks later and deeded the small ranch under the Moore’s young son’s name. Still living on his own place, Cookie became a permanent fixture at the Moore ranch when he took over the position of full time cook. The friendship grew into a family over the years, as Cookie watched his godson grow, mourned the loss of Nina and slowly turned grey headed and bent with age alongside of Buck. “Of course, he’s still more grey than I am,” the elderly cook chuckled as he finished the story and turned back to the young lady who had been listening intently. Cookie laughed lightly and began to speak again as another low creak sounded behind them.  Megan turned to inspect the new addition to the small warm cook house, her eyes twinkling with admiration and delight seeing Buck walking through the door. 
Cookie was a wonderful cook. Embarrassingly she had to rub her full stomach a few times as she walked along side Buck. After their rather large breakfast, Buck had wanted to show Megan more of the property, discuss the things that needed doing in the big house and begin making plans on fixing up the old cabin for her more private sleeping quarters. The ranch was beautiful. She had seen big money ranches in her past that never compared to the love, care and pride that was shown in every part of the Moore ranch. As Buck pushed open the door of the old cabin, the sun gleamed off old trophies and medals hung over the mantel of the ancient fireplace. Even the years couldn’t hide the warmth this cabin had known. As Megan explored the small cabin listening to Buck ramble on about this and that, she found the small scratched marks in a door frame that she was sure measured the growth of the couple’s son. The love this cabin had housed for so many years seemed to wrap itself around Megan as she looked around. “Been using it for tack and storage, but this was the original Moore ranch house before..,” the sadness in the old cowboy’s eyes twisted her heart. She could picture the small cabin being the loving home of Buck and Nina, and a young child playing at the edge of the lake just outside the kitchen window. Raising her hand slowly, she patted the old man’s shoulder and smiled, “It’s absolutely beautiful.” 
The deep pink hues of the morning’s dawn melted away and the sun rose higher above the mountains as they made their way back toward the main house. The view of the big house perched in the shadow of the mountains simply took her breath away. Forgoing her hat this morning, Megan held one hand in a high salute over her brow blocking the glare of the morning sun as Buck hollered ahead. A knot suddenly catching in the back of her throat, Megan swallowed hard realizing Buck was calling to the tall, stout looking man stepping from the shade of the front porch of his house. She was about to meet Buck’s son and her current employer, for the first time. Worry flushed her skin with a thin layer of sweat, thought the elder Moore had happily accepted her, Megan didn't know what his son would think of her. It was after all, his ranch now, as Buck had commented sadly the day before. The nervous flutters in her stomach settled as he approached slowly, with the rising sun at his back she still couldn’t make him out completely. Calming her nerves as she straighten the soft denim she'd put on that morning, Megan assured herself that any son of Buck’s was sure to be as pleasant and kind as he was. 
“Blake, this here is the little wrangler we hired on yesterday, Megan meet my son Blake,” the happy older cowboy smiled ushering her toward his much taller, well-built son. Her eyes fell squarely with the middle of his chest, smiling softly she raised her gaze toward the man’s face. “You!” Their voices rang out simultaneously with a heavy coating of disdain. Neither of them noticed the old man’s mouth drop in shock as they glared daggers at each other. Megan's heart pounded with anger as she fixed her eyes on his, her mind floating back to the first night they met and his force of himself on her. Blake's soft smile stretched quickly into a taut grimace as he laid his sight on the frame of the small woman who had tortured his dreams the night before. “This ain’t going to work pop,” Blake said flatly. Without giving Megan a second look, he turned on his heels with his chest puffed out, his fists balled and started back toward the house. Before he was a few steps from them he spat back over his shoulder at Megan with the same cool cocky smile she had seen so many times before, “Might as well pack your shit and hit the road.” Her eyes swelling up with angered tears, she countered his angered strut and stomped away leaving Buck standing in the middle of the drive looking back and forth between the two young folks and shaking his head in disbelief. All the racket and voices coming from the cookhouse gave her a bit of relief knowing the bunk house was empty. Not that she cared or could even control the tears that now flooded her heated cheeks as she ran to her bunk. After lugging the half empty duffle up on her bed and began shoving her clothes inside, Megan flopped down on the bed overwhelmed with tears of anger before the soft sobs of uncertainty and worry began to shake her small frame. “Ms. Megan,” a low, quieted voice came, startling her enough she jumped as she lifted her head to see where it came from. The tender face of the young cowhand drained of color as he saw her sitting there crying. Her normally milky white complexion was now a deep shade of red, her eyes swollen with the tears that sprang forth like a spring creek and her hands shook as she clinched a piece of her clothing tightly in her small fingers. “Ms. Megan,” his voice a bit louder and full of concern. Jason stepped forward and caught her awkwardly as Megan nearly collapsed against his chest sobbing uncontrollably. “What is it? What’s wrong? Did Smitty say something to you? Did he DO something to you..” his string of questions rolled out without pausing. 
Buck’s usually slow hobble was nowhere to be seen as he stomped onto the porch, grabbing his son’s arm and spinning him around quickly, “What the Hell is wrong with you son?” The sudden strength and hard sounding voice coming from his father raised Blake’s brow as he steadied himself against the door frame. “What has gotten into you, what was that all about?” his father barked questioning the short but overly heated exchange that had just taken place. “You didn’t tell me it was that barmaid you hired old man,” Blake voice now calm and a lot icier as he gazed past his father to the bunkhouse with a flat, cold stare. The old cowboy straightened, not backing down to the cool, controlled demeanor of his son as he flung his cigarette to the ground. “I don’t know what you are talking about, I didn’t hire no damned barmaid! That girl needed a place to stay. Hell she even proved in half a day she could carry as much weight as all these guys out here,” Buck snorted back unflinching. The cold anger drained from Blake’s face as the thought hit him that while she had haunted his dreams last night, she had been just yards from him. Maybe it was the sudden warming deep down inside of him that started to lessen the icy cold expression he had worn only minutes ago, but whatever it was Blake watched as his father pulled a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket and shoved it in his son’s face. “Read this!” Blake leaned back a moment spacing himself from the paper held tightly in his father’s hand. It had been a long time since he’d see any kind of determined sternness on his father’s face. “That one is going to cause a hell of a lot of trouble pop,” Blake muttered almost in a defeated tone as heated defiance in his father's look warmed him softly. Taking the paper, Blake unfolded it slowly and recognized the hand writing of old Gus, the bar owner. 
Blake,
I hope this note finds you and your father well. Too much time has passed since we visited last, but I hope you will remember my wife and me fondly as you read the rest of this letter. I know I shouldn’t have sprung this on you like this, but I’m at wits end. The old hens in town have been talking so much, I just know word will get out about Megan before too long. Megan is the new barmaid that’s been staying at my place and helping me around the farmhouse. More than that, she has become as close to my heart as I imagine any daughter I would have had might have been. This child has been through a lot of hard times. Her nightmares frighten her so bad at times, I’m afraid any creak of this old house will set her running into the mountains. She hasn’t told me much, other than she moves around a lot.  I’ve gathered that she had a man that used her as a punching bag. The few scars I’ve seen with my own eyes, pale in comparison to the ones she carrying inside. Normally I don’t mix myself or my friends into any kind of affairs such as this, but the screams this girl has awoken me with in her dreams are enough to turn a rattlesnake’s heart to fear. I planned to let her stay with me. It’s nice having her around the place, but if the fears she’s expressed in passing were to come to life… I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to protect her. She’s hiding from something and I’m sure it’s whatever bastard she’s running from. I can’t offer you much, but I will gladly send you some rent and enough money to cover her staying at your place. She is friendly with most of your guys from working at the bar and I know she’d be safe there on the ranch.
Your old friend,
Gus

A dull pain washed over Blake’s face followed by a searing heat of anger. While he hadn’t acted kindly in front of her moments ago, the thought that some had and could possibly hurt her set his jaw in a tight grip. His anger crushing the letter in his hand, Blake stared across at the bunkhouse.  She would stay here safe within his reach, he decided just seconds before his heart whispered out and in my arms. Straightening himself realizing his father was still standing in front of him, he calmed himself and sighed, “Call ol’ Gus Pop and tell him we won’t be needing his money.” Blake paused with a sudden gut wrenching nervousness and mumbled as he started toward the bunkhouse, “I’ll see if I can straighten all this out.” 
Exhausted with crying, Megan leaned still against the tear soaked shoulder of her young friend as he talked calmly to her after listening to her ordeal. “I got a sister I can call,” he was saying as the sound of wood scraping against wood interrupted him. The pair looked up to find Blake standing there with his hand on the back of a chair. A protective, cold stare shot from under the young cowhand’s hat as he stood slowly and stepped in front of Megan. Blake bit back a laugh when he realized this young kid was ready to fight him over the barmaid if needed. While amused, the show of affection this boy had for the barmaid, especially him willing to take on Blake himself if he thought he had come to make her cry again, endeared the rough ranch owner even more to the boy he half raised. “Jason could I have a moment with Ms. Calloway,” Blake paused momentarily. Looking over the boys shoulder to the swollen red eyes staring back at him, Blake swallowed against the question that seemed to be chocking him, "if that is alright with you.” Asking her permission eased the tightened fists and stone cold stare of the young cowhand. Looking back over his shoulder to see her nod her approval, Jason stepped aside. Placing his hand on her shoulder, the young man bent slightly toward her ear, “I’ll be right outside if you need me.” Blake nodded, almost with a sense of pride, as Jason scooted past him and looked back at Megan before stepping out of the bunkhouse. A low, soft laugh broke the moment of silence as Blake turned his attention back to the barmaid and smiled, “I sure would have hated to take my belt off to that one.” The hot glare of anger shooting through her eyes told him she didn’t think he was the least bit funny. Blowing a forced breath of air up into her bangs, she stood grabbing the strap of her bag and shot him a look that could kill a weaker man. “I’m leaving now, not that I expect you came to see me off,” she muttered with a hint of disdain. After heated moments of the two staring at one another, the angered look that had flooded her eyes was slowly replaced by one of uncertainty, worry and fear.  The heavy strap of her duffle strained the snaps of her denim shirt, pulling the top three buttons open and stretching the material tight over her breasts. A sight that set his body into a soft tremble, the growing ache that had been visiting him a lot lately returning. A flat punch of guilt hit him hard in the stomach as he realized his stare rested squarely on the soft freckled flesh just above the peak of cleavage. Clearing his throat as she took a step toward him and the door, Blake reached out his hand and grabbed her upper arm. Jerking her arm away from him making the duffle fall to the floor, a quick heated look flashed in her eyes, “Don’t fucking touch me!” Surprise and the tone of her voice shook him, taking a step back he stuttered and quickly apologized. “Megan, please. I didn’t mean to… I mean I wasn’t going to.. fuck,” he sputtered out trying to find the right words. Cussing himself for a stuttering fool, he straightened himself, stepped in front of her and put out his hands just a fingers length away from her body, “Please, sit.” Crossing her arms in front of her she glared at him, making Blake feel he had been sized up and she were ready to pounce. “Damn it woman, I’m just trying to apologize,” he forced out as the small woman’s stubbornness began to stretch his very boundaries of politeness. Set back in her motion to leave, her arms dropped slowly to her sides. As she looked up into his eyes, Megan was surprised by the sudden look of remorse as he rubbed his hand over his face. “I want you to stay,” he finally muttered feeling the heat of her eyes brush over his face. “What for,” she retorted sharply. The memory of his roaming hands and crushing kiss flooded back into her mind, “planning a second attempt to grab ass and have your way with me?” Her cold, pointed question stabbed him directly through the heart. That was the first night this small framed, flaxen haired beauty crept into his heart and couldn’t be shaken loose. Blake knew for certain he was in trouble now. “Uh,” he just muttered as his head dropped down almost slamming into his chest. The embarrassment and shame painted on his face as Megan amused watching the recall of his actions now eat at him, but the smile faded quickly from her lips. Was that regret now flashing in his eyes? Blinking fast, she strained her eyes to see if it really was what she thought, but looked away quickly as he raised his head slowly and mumbled. “I know you probably hate me and wouldn’t want to stay here any longer, but please know you are welcome to stay.” Looking up at her for a moment before turning to walk away he muttered a little softer, “and I hope you will,” just before he disappeared through the door. Megan stood there frozen as his last words played in her mind. She knew it couldn’t have been regret or even concern in his tone, but somehow her heart heard it. After a few minutes, the rumble of a truck spinning out of the driveway broke the silence as Jason walked back into the bunkhouse, looking out toward the sound and shook his head.
~*~ ~*~
Megan’s smile covered her face as she rode beside her dear friend Gus. He laughed softly as she told him of her first day and night at the ranch, then laughed even more when she huffed over the details of meeting Blake. “Blake’s not a bad fellow Megan. He’s had a hard life taking care of his father and the ranch over the years, but he is a standup guy. Cocky at times, but if I had been blessed with a son, I couldn’t have asked for one better than Blake. Although,  I had hoped things would go smoother for you over at the ranch,” his old tender voice said as they pulled up in front of a wood planked building bearing a sign over the door reading “The Texas Tornado.” A relieved feeling washed over her knowing that in minutes she’d be busy pouring drinks, talking to the townsfolk and probably spinning a few dances around the floor. Smiling to herself, Megan knew it would be a happy distraction from the thoughts of Blake Moore. “It’s ok Gus, I’m a big girl, I can handle that Blake Moore,” she reassured him as she climbed out of the truck and pushed through the front door. Megan’s thoughts turned over in her mind all night as the evening progressed on. While she was happy to be back working at the bar, she was also relieved it had been a slow night. Most of the people who frequented the small bar were ranchers and the crowd was always smaller when the bigger auctions were held out of town. The polite conversations she had with the older gentlemen who would sweet talk her into a dance eased her mind. Megan had felt safe here. She had already made so many good friends and could easily imagine living out the rest of her life here in the small Texas town. “Not at the ranch,” her mind reminded as fleeting thoughts of her earlier encounter with Blake replayed. Megan had already inspected a small house at the edge of town and as soon as she could save up enough money to hold her over, she decided that was the place she would rent. Her wandering attention was turned back to the older gentleman who had been twirling her around the dance floor. Her rambling chain of thoughts was interrupted as the song ended and he kissed the back of her hand. As the night wound down, Megan hadn’t noticed when Blake had slipped into the bar. Agreeing to bring drinks to a table so Roxy could slip off to the rest room, Megan found herself face to face with Blake as she set the drinks on the booth table. Her heart tightened and her breath choked in the back of her throat as his cool blue eyes met hers. Smiling softly, she passed the drinks around ignoring Blake deciding she’d treat him as she would any other customer. She was relieved when the redheaded cowhand from the ranch excused himself from the booth giving her a chance to slip away from the story about the auction, and away from Blake’s stare. Pressing her palms against the front of her thighs, Megan wiped the moisture from her hands as she made her way back toward the bar. Her emotions swirled inside of her as the confusion took over her thoughts. She was still so angry after her encounter with Blake, but the look in his eyes just now and the regret and possible care in his tone when he left the bunkhouse haunted her. Megan swallowed hard as she mindlessly began cleaning a table, her thoughts not letting her find any peace. “Megan,” a soft touch on her shoulder sent her whirling around toward the voice as it broke the confusing argument in her head. Narrowing her eyes slightly, Megan’s lips tightened as she saw Blake towering behind her, his hand still on her shoulder. The flat stare of her green eyes caught Blake by surprise as she fixed them coldly on his. “I uh,” he stumbled on his words as she twisted the towel in her small hands and took on a look of indifference. “Did you need another drink Mr. Moore,” she asked flatly, one corner of her lip turning up into a cocky grin as she watched him uncomfortably trying to find his words. “No, I wanted to.. I mean, would you mind a dance,” he started slowly, taking a deep breath then recovering his nerves as he looked toward the dance floor. “Well I,” Megan started coyly. Looking around the small bar, her smile faded as she realized most people had already left and an excuse of being busy wouldn’t work. “I guess I have time for one dance,” she answered reluctantly, turning toward the dance floor. Though he only hovered his palm over the small of her back, Megan could feel the heat of his skin so close to hers as they walked to the center of the floor. As they stepped together and started to sway to the slow song, Megan’s heart raced. A false relief washed over her as she thought back to his silence during their previous dance and felt she was safe from any conversation again this time. “Megan,” his voice whispered softly near her ear as his shoulders flexed under her fingers as he leaned toward her. “I wanted. No, I needed to apologize to you for yesterday,” his voice trailed momentarily as he sighed lowly, “and for the first time we danced.” Without looking at him, Megan felt the soft tremble of his voice dance under her fingertips and the heat of his words still tickling the soft skin of her neck. “No need to apologize boss,” she said flippantly. The long drawn out huff that slipped from him as he straightened his back told her she hadn’t given him any hope of forgiveness. They swayed stiffly as the song droned on, but Megan couldn’t help but feel the warmth of his body so close to hers seep into her. Maybe it was the recall of the softness in his voice before he left the bunkhouse and in his apology, but as the song ended and she felt him pull back to walk away. Megan held on to his shoulders. Looking up at him softly, the guilt of her actions and words opened her lips in a slow smile, “One more?” The softness in Blake’s blue eyes lit up as he traced her face. Settling his arms back around her waist, he continued their soft sway. A smile stretched Megan’s lips as she laid her head against his chest and felt the hiccup in his breathing as he felt the soft weight against his body. “I have always loved this song,” she whispered and broke into a soft laugh, “even before coming here.” Blake smiled softly listening to the words of “Texas Tornado "as he lowered his chin to rest on the top of her soft reddish blonde hair. As the dance ended and Megan went back to cleaning up, Blake watched her from the booth. It would be time to close the bar soon and he knew Gus had been picking her up and dropping her off the past few days. Settling slowly up to the bar, Blake sat across from her on a barstool and talked idly with Roxy and Megan as they finished cleaning. “Megan, I could drive you back to the ranch, if you like,” Blake mentioned as she and Roxy restocked the cooler, “No sense in ol’ Gus having to get back out when I’m going that way myself.” Ignoring the smile that had Roxy looking like the Cheshire cat, Blake took the last sip of his beer slowly. “That is, if you don’t mind driving me back,” he laughed softly as he leaned over the bar and dropped the empty bottle into a trash can. More at ease over the last few hours of their friendly conversations, Megan smiled, “I haven’t driven in a long time, but sure, I can drive us home.” Her choice of words never entered her mind, but the smile on Blake’s face grew as they came back to him again and again, “I can drive us home,” her voice echoed in his mind. 
~*~ ~*~
She seemed nervous as they crept slowly down the long dark highway. Her mention of not driving for a long time kept creeping back into Blake’s mind as he stole quick glances at her. “What happened,” he questioned softly watching the light feathers of her hair dance in the air pouring through the truck window. “Hmmm?” Megan replied softly, not taking her eyes off the road. “You said you hadn’t driven in a long time,” Blake recalled and crossed his arms over his chest as the urge to brush the hair out of her face overwhelmed him. The sadness in her eyes twisted his stomach, making him wish he hadn’t asked her the question. After taking a deep, solemn breath Megan replied, “I was driving 4 years ago, lost control and got in an accident.” Her short reply didn’t add up to the deep sadness that fell over her face, but Blake decided against probing further. As she slowed and turned toward the barn instead of the big house, Blake raised an eyebrow, “Where are we going?” Megan’s eyes sparkled in the moonlight as she turned the key of the truck, opened the door and looked back at him with a soft smile, “I always check on Stetson before going to bed.” As she hopped out of the truck and made her way pulling the barn door open, Blake opened his door with a confused frown and followed slowly behind her. “And just who is Stetson,” he questioned with a teasing of a jealous tone as he stepped into the barn a few feet behind Megan. Blake watched questioningly as Megan crossed in the shadows of the barn toward one of the back stalls and came to a stop. The smile on her face sent a tingle down his spine as she reached over the stall door. “Stetson, meet Blake,” she joked as she smiled back toward the tall cowboy and motioned him over with a quick nod of her head. The glimmer of gloss on her lips made Blake's spine tingle, but he couldn't remember seeing that look of happiness in her face ever before. Blake laughed as he walked up behind her and saw her small soft hand stroking the face of the buckskin stallion. “So Stetson huh?” He quipped as he reached over her shoulder and petted the horse. “Yea,” the smile brightening her face as Blake watched her soft expression from over her shoulder. “Your father told me since I tamed him, I could name him. He reminded me so much of that old hat Buck wears, I named him Stetson.” He wasn’t sure if it was the softness of her voice, the warmth of her body so close to his or the gentle stroke of her fingers over his as they pet the stallion, but nonetheless a strong rake of passion rolled over Blake. Stepping up slowly he pressed his body against her back and tangled his fingers into hers as he lowered her hand from the stallion’s face. The heat of his skin against hers and his body molding behind her sent a fevered shiver over her small frame as she slowly turned toward him. They had both longed and ached for each other, though neither of them would admit it. The pent up feelings of desire between the two lent to the urgency of the first hot kiss. Blake lifted her quickly into his arms letting out a soft moan into the fevered kiss as she wrapped her legs around his waist. Hurrying the few steps toward the stack of hale bales, he lowered her onto her back before unbuttoning his shirt and throwing it on the ground behind him. Half falling on top of her with the heated rush of passion and the alcohol spinning his head, Blake kissed her roughly. Sliding his hand between their bodies, his fingers unbuttoned and lowered his jeans before yanking the buttons of her jeans open. Megan scratched her nails against the taut muscles of his back as his lips and mouth wandered urgently over her face and neck. Grabbing the bottom of her shirt, Blake pushed the small, tight fitting tank top over her head letting it catch her arms above her. As his mouth locked over her already hardened nipple, Megan began to wiggle under the weight of his body. The passion had filled her and numbed her mind, but the restricted movement of her arms brought a streak of fear back into her. The strong urge of passion fought back against the fear growing inside of her as his mouth hungrily nipped and licked over her chest. As Blake’s first drunken attempted failed and pushed his hardness hard into the joint of her leg and pelvis, Megan screamed out. “No, get off me, stop please stop!” Freeing her arms as she slid the tank top back over her body, Megan pushed Blake’s weight off her. She stood as the loud thump of his hip hitting the barn floor thudded in her ears. Without looking back Megan ran out the barn door and disappeared into the night’s darkness. Blake bewildered by what just happened, fumbled to fix his jeans back closed and lay there in the straw. His mind swirling from the heated passion, the alcohol and now the anger building inside of him, Blake drifted off into an alcohol induced sleep.
“Hey son, you couldn’t make it to your bed?” An overly chipper voice rang in Blake’s ears as his foot rocked from the playful kick. Opening his eyes slowly, Blake made his eyes focus on Cookie standing over him with a joker’s grin. Turning his gaze from the obnoxiously happy cook, Blake scanned the barn as his fuzzed memory of last night flooded back to him. Anger swelled in his stomach as the old cook helped him to his feet. “Teasing lil bitch,” he muttered as he stumbled once, bracing himself against a stall door. Looking up Blake’s fury grew as he found himself face to face with the buckskin stallion. Blake stomped out of the barn, his anger choking him as he spotted Megan walking into the bunkhouse. Calming his angry stagger, he walked to the bunkhouse and pushed the door open. Tucking a worn pair of work gloves into her back pocket, Megan turned and was jolted to a stop as her eyes fixed on Blake. Her heart sank. Dropping her eyes, she walked slowly toward him meeting him in the middle of the long room. “Blake, about last night..” she started softly. She tossed and turned over what happened all night. She shared the urgent passion, but the haunting memories of her past made her believe Blake only intended to hurt her. The deep longing she felt for him though, twisted at her heart when she realized she had wanted him, wanted to be close to him and definitely wanted to be intimate with him. “I don’t have time for excuses,” Blake snorted roughly cutting off her regrets, “I have an auction to get to.” He spit out the words and turned stomping out of the bunkhouse before he could see the hurt in her face and her hand reaching out for him. As she watched the trailer speed past the bunk house and the buckskin stallion in its gates, Megan began to cry softly. Buck found her standing there in tears as he walked from the barn. Wrapping his arm over his shoulders, the old man’s face twisted with anger as she told him what happened this morning and the night before. 
Blake smiled with a proud revenge as he slid into the seat of his truck. The stallion sold quickly and for a lot more than he’d ever expected. The satisfaction of him getting back at her for the night before faded fast as his mind returned. He couldn’t shake the softness of her face as she smiled at the dumb beast. The sweet vanilla scent of her perfume swirled around him as the heat pressed his shirt against his skin. Blake cursed himself for not washing and changing clothes before leaving the ranch. As he drove away from the auction yard, his thoughts of her pulled at the cold revenge that had incased his heart. He knew she had wanted him as much as he wanted her, but fear washed over her face just before she flew off and left him. Running his tongue lightly over his lips, he could almost still taste her kisses. “She was scared,” his mind echoed, “something had her scared.” The thoughts faded the long miles behind him until the image of her saddened eyes and hands reaching toward him came forward. He was so angry when he decided to let her know he was selling the stallion. Now that his softness toward her wrestled with the desire to punish her, the image seared into his memory. He had only seen it from the corner of his eye, but she had reached for him as he stormed out of the bunkhouse. The swirl of emotions on her face still had him confused, but he knew something was there on her sad, longing face that wanted him. Guilt settled into his stomach as the last few miles to town seemed to stretch on forever. 
~*~ ~*~
“Roxy!” she waved as she entered and saw her co-worker leaning over a booth table near the jukebox. Megan stopped short in her tracks as the woman’s odd look suddenly struck fear in her heart. “Hey girl, there is someone here to see you,” Roxy turned slightly thumbing back over her shoulder. Oh God, please no, please he can’t find me again, she pleaded quietly while her mind raced and her eyes darted toward the back door. While the overwhelming urge to run washed over her body, she stood still unable to move as fear gripped her body. The hairs on her arms stood on ends and her hands began to shake as she slowly turned her gaze toward the booth. Heat flushed over her body as the spinning memories of her past came to mind. Megan’s heart sank and her breath caught in the back of her throat. Her knees that had been shaking suddenly felt as though they were going to give out when a pair of jean covered legs swung from the booth and he stood turning toward her. “OH fuck!” he swore and raced toward Megan as the color drained from her face. Complete horror engulfed him as her eyes began to roll upward and her small frame swayed. Reaching out just as her knees gave way dropping her heavily against the floor. Blake scooped her up into his arms and pulled her close to him. 
“Maybe it was the heat,” she could hear a faint feminine voice floating through her hazy mind. The light headed feeling of her floating and unrecognizable voices haunted her peaceful sleep. Sudden warmth caressed her entire body as a voice she knew all too well invaded her peacefulness. “Good God what have I done, this is because of me. Pushing myself on her last night then acting a complete ass this afternoon,” the voice drifted away cursing, “I’m such a damn fool.”  Her eyes tightened trying to will her arms to reach out and comfort him, pull him back to her. Her hand fell softly against his cheek as her eyes opened slowly. Blinking a few times she gazed up, a warm loving smile spread across her lips as she found his stormy blue eyes looking deep into hers. She couldn’t understand why those gorgeous eyes were so sad and so filled with hurt. “She’s awake! Gus hurry with that water and rag! Megan, Megan can you hear me?” The relief and concern heavy in Blake’s voice as he asked softly, pressing the palm of his hand against the back of hers that she had placed so gently against his cheek a moment ago. The sudden bright light of Gus pushing the front door open sent her slamming her head against Blake’s chest as the headache struck so hard she felt her head would explode. Rocking her and whispering softly against her hair, he pulled her close. Wrapping his arms around her tighter, Blake placed one hand at the back of her neck holding her steady as hard, quiet sobs began to shake her body. “My head,” she cried, clinging to his neck as he picked her up from the floor. Leaving the pool of light by the door, Blake carried her into one of the darker corners of the room. After a few minutes the intense sharp pain that had struck deep into her brain eased enough for her to sit up.  Quickly squeezing her fingers over the top of her head and blinking, Megan moved her eyes slowly trying to figure out where she was through her fuzzy sight. “What happened?” she managed to whisper as she felt the warmth of an arm loosely around her shoulder starting to pull away. “No, don’t leave me, please,” she whispered as her eyes drifted shut. “Shh, now, just relax,” a heated breath whispered through her hair, the warmth of the words tickling the soft flesh behind her ear. “I’ll never leave you,” the words came again as the arm wrapped tighter around her. Blake rocked gently and pressed the soft warmth of his kiss against her forehead as he guided her head against a strong but soft shoulder. 
“She’s going to be fine. Almost sounds like she had some kind of panic attack and just fainted. Her head will be sore for a bit I’m sure, but I see no signs of concussion. That big bruise on her face on the other hand looks much worse. It looks a couple days old, but that definitely should have been iced down at the least.” Megan opened her eyes and strained against the blurry images. Blinking slowly she focused on a grey haired gentleman with his back to her talking to Gus and Roxy. The dull ache in her head throbbed against her temple and not sure of what was going on she tried to sit up. “Look who’s awake again,” came the soft low voice from her dreams. Turning her eyes toward the voice, she found Blake staring down at her. There was a softness in his eyes as he brought a hand to her forehead a pushed a stray sprig of hair away from her face. “You had me..” he paused as his fingers rested on the soft warmth of her cheek, “us worried.” Her forehead creased in confusion as the same eyes that shot daggers at her earlier were now smiling down at her with relief swimming around inside dark blue oceans. Pushing her hands beside her she made herself sit upright.  Megan found herself placed firmly in his lap with one of his arm wrapped tenderly around her waist as Blake stroked the thumb of his other hand softly over her cheek. Sitting back a bit as her eyes flew open surprised at his gentleness. Blake braced himself for whatever was coming next. Megan’s eyes darted from the people standing around Gus who hadn’t noticed she was awake yet back to Blake’s soft gaze.  “You didn’t leave me,” she whispered almost inaudibly as the faint memory of her sleep flooded back to her. Tears began to fall quietly from her eyes as she sat in his lap. Staring into his dark blue eyes, switching her gaze back and forth from one to the other, Megan sighed as her sobbing became barely more than a whisper. Wrapping her arms around him, she nestled her forehead into the soft curve of his neck and cried with confusion as he held her tight. 
~*~ ~*~
“What the hell happened?!” they young cowhand hollered. Starting in a full sprint toward the truck, Jason watched with a pale face as Blake reached in and lifted Megan from the truck seat. Carrying her toward the big house with the young cowboy on his heels, Blake's mind twirled. “She fainted and hit her head,” Blake answered quietly as he nodded toward the door motioning the boy to open it. Laying her softly into his bed, he pulled the extra pillows around her head and turned lifting one foot at a time and slowly pulling off her boots. She was so fragile, Blake thought as he brushed a thick lock of hair from her face. As his hands hovered over her body and started toward the button of her jeans, a heat burned into the side of his face. Looking up he smiled at Jason and nodded, “Your right, comfort or not, I’m sure she’ll be just fine in her clothes.” Blake couldn’t help but remember the sight of her small body and her pale skin in the dim lights of the barn last night. Sighing softly to himself, he pulled a thick blanket from the foot of the bed and tucked it around her small body. As the two men walked quietly back into the living room, Blake began explaining the whole ordeal to the young cowhand, carefully leaving out the part about last night. “The look on her face was sheer terror, it was like she fully expected someone other than me to step out of that booth and just rip her very soul away from her,” Blake recalled as the words of Gus’ letter popped back into his head. Jason stepped around the refrigerator door and twisted the top off a soda bottle with a stern look on his face. “You know I help Ms. Megan and Ms. Roxy around the bar right? And sometimes go to Gus’ spread on Sundays and help her there too?” Jason questioned. With a nod from Blake and another sip of his soda the boy continued. “I’ve heard her talking to different people. Some things she’s even confided in me. After hearing what ol’ Gus said about her nightmares though, I’ve got the mind to think she did think someone was there to take her soul, or at least her life.” Blake’s eyes hardened as a twinge of anger shot across the stormy blues. The thought of someone after Megan set his blood to boil. “Boss..” Jason started again slowly watching the whole mood on Blake’s face change, “what are we going to do if someone is looking for Ms. Megan and does come after her?” The boy’s concerned tone was endearing, Blake didn’t doubt any of the feeling of protection and maybe even the crush Jason had on Megan, but the thought of someone hurting her, coming after his Megan. Blake clinched his jaw so tightly his teeth gritted with anger as he hissed in a low, steady tone, “I’d kill him.”
~*~ ~*~
The thin layer of sweat coating her ivory skin cooled against the breeze that defied even the beating rays of the hot summer sun. Megan narrowed her bright green eyes, holding her small hand to her brow as the glinting reflection bounced down the long driveway. As quick as a hungry barn cat spotting a plump mouse, a thin hungry smile crawled across her plump pink lips as the dust settled behind the approaching vehicle and the tall, thin man stepped out. “Kenneth!” she waved and called across the front pasture of her grandparent’s small farm. Making a quick swipe over her brow with the back of her gloved hand, she returned to her work of busting and spreading a bale of hay. Her mind twisted in and out of rapidly changing scenarios as she pushed hay this way and that. Though they had never done more than hold hands, Megan’s young developing mind had put herself in more romantic situations with Kenneth than she could remember. The shade of the barn was much cooler than the beating beams of the sun but still her skin tingled and her body warmed with thoughts of Kenneth Copeland. Kenneth had frequented the Calloway farm a lot those past few months, not only for business but also because the young granddaughter of Layton and Sarah Calloway had caused a stirring, maybe not in his heart, but definitely in his loins. He knew well the sad tell of the young girl and often used it to his business advantage. 
Layton and Sarah Calloway loved Megan so very much. Every sparkle of her smiling emerald green eyes reminded the old couple of their son long since lost. Scott Calloway had married Anita King just a year after the two graduated high school. One year after that, the entire family was blessed with Megan’s arrival in the world. Though Scott had an older brother, Megan had been the first and only grandchild Layton and Sarah would have. The day before Megan’s seventh birthday was the worst day of their lives when the news came that Scott would not survive the car accident that put him in the hospital. After the funeral the Calloway elders insisted Anita and the grand baby stay with them living on the farm. The oldest son Jacob was never around much, always traveling here and there with work, but a year after the loss of his younger brother, his presence around the farm grew immensely. Megan did not have many memories of her father she could recall quickly. Most that she did recall had come from the stories attached to pictures she’d bring up to her grandmother or mother. None the less, her Uncle Jacob filled the father part as much as he could. As Megan’s 10th birthday neared, she could remember all the focus being placed on her then pregnant mother. Anita had never remarried and never actually dated anyone after her husband died. But everyone talked, like in most small towns and consensus was that the baby had belonged to Jacob. After many months of a very difficult pregnancy straining Anita’s body, one stormy night in August the family rushing to the county hospital. The signs of labor announced the upcoming arrival of the new baby. Hours passed with no joyful news, Jacob paced and looked increasingly worried each time the doctor’s appeared and pulled him aside. By time the clock struck midnight, the family had again been haunted with the pain of losing another member, this time it was two. Anita died trying to deliver the stillborn baby, and even at Megan’s young age, she remembered thinking a part of her Uncle Jacob had died too. Tragedy hadn’t put its final touch on the Calloway family though, as an unshakable bout with flu took the precious life of Sarah Calloway three days after Megan’s fourteenth birthday. With Jacob back to his ramblings, often it was only her grandfather and her left to tend the farm. Megan had experienced so much loss in her short lifetime, but the love she had grown up with in her family always made her feel she was never alone.  
Layton truly loved his little granddaughter, but being a farmer all his life he knew that there was no way he could care for her future the way she deserved. This thought had aged and wrinkled his elderly face every morning when the brightness of her smile greeted him across the breakfast table. His heart ached and felt torn in so many places as he still mourned his losses after all these years and tried to raise Megan the best he could. The Calloway farm had been passed down four generations, a fact that always filled the elderly man with pride as he worked the small 55 acre ranch, but sorrow always followed shortly behind when the realization that his only remaining son Jacob, wanted nothing to do with the ranch. Sure Layton wanted to leave the ranch to Megan, but more so he wanted her to go to college and get a proper education. That thought alone is what brought him to the door of Copeland Investments one grey, dreary fog heavy day. Copeland Investments was owned by Wayne Copeland and his son who had just finished college and joined his father in the business. They were well known around the county for helping farmers with financial needs and even though there had been talk of their misdealing, Layton felt he had no other choice. 
~*~ ~*~
“Mrs. Kenneth Copeland,” Megan giggled to herself as she filled the cattle trough with a measured mix of sweet feed and oats. Her green eyes twinkling under her straw hat as her mind wondered to thoughts most teen girls would have about an older, tall and lean, blond haired son of God. “Ahem,” she heard as she rounded the corner of the barn door stepping into its cool shade letting her eyes adjust from the bright heat of the sun. “Kenneth!” her entire face smiled as she saw the object of all her affection, not to mention dreams, leaning against one of the nearby stalls. “Hey there my little tumbleweed,” he laughed as he wrapped his arms around Megan, always holding her a bit longer and a bit tighter each time he saw her. “You know in two weeks I’ll be 19 doncha?” Megan asked in a flirtatious tease as she stepped out of the heated embrace of his lean but toned arms. “All of 19,” Kenneth teased back as his eyes trailed heavily over the well-formed curves of the young girl and his lips curled into a slow, predatory smile. “Well guess that means it’s almost time for your birthday spankings!” He laughed as he lunged toward her, wrestling her to the ground. Rolling her small body over his extended legs, Kenneth began to drop firm, hard strikes of his hand against the soft, rounded curve of her ass. Laughing out loud as she fought and struggled with him, her body tingled with a strong desire she’d felt many times in his presence. Soon the playful pops against the tightness of her jeans began to send a sharp searing pain down the back of her thigh. “Ow, ow Kenneth, not so hard,” she cried out managing to turn her body around in his lap to face him. The sheer look of cold pleasure in his eyes causing her to gasp just as he pulled her forward and pressed his lips down hard on hers, his teeth biting into her lips as the rough kiss deepened. Maybe this is how it’s supposed to be her young mind assured her as the soft thoughts she had so often about her and Kenneth faded from her mind. The instinctive yearn of her maturing body accepted his hard wandering hands and rough maneuvering of their bodies on the warm hay covered floor of her grandfather’s barn. 
Kenneth was ten years her senior and didn’t think twice about showing her the things that happened between a man and a woman. His hard, hot palms pressed firmly against her cheeks as he forced is tongue between her soft, pink lips. Rapid hard strokes of his tongue in her mouth ignited a flame deep inside her as his hands pulled the bottom of her tight tank top out of the waistband of her jeans. Megan drew in a deep breath as he raised his weight off her small body, dropping his mouth over the laced cup of her bra and sunk his teeth into the soft mound. Her body felt like it was on fire under his weight, a low yelp slipped from between her lips at the sharp, tingling pain of his teeth sunk into her young, tender breast. Pushing his hand between their bodies, Kenneth opened her jeans with ease, pressing his hardness roughly between her thighs. Megan lifted her hips from the warm hay coated floor as his hands ripped and pulled at her jeans and panties, roughly pushing them over the rounded curves of her hips. One hard deep push of his hand brought tears and a painful shutter to her lips as he shoved his fingers into her small pool of innocence. Her tear filled eyes, searching his, confused over what was going on seemed to heighten his need for her. Kenneth quickly unbuttoned his own jeans as he pressed his mouth down hard on Megan's again. “Get on your hands and knees and I’ll make you a woman,” he commanded in a rushed breath as he freed his manhood from the confines of his clothing. “Kenneth,” Megan started to whisper before he rolled her onto her stomach. Rapping his fingers around her hips, Kenneth pulled her into a bent position in front of him. Megan looked around, embarrassed, confused and a little afraid hoping no one could see her naked body there in the barn bent in front of him. Megan never saw the wicked grin on Kenneth’s face as he admired the red tint of the flesh where his spankings had landed earlier on her small, rounded bottom. “Kenneth, I’ve never..” she started to say again before his hands jerked back hard against her hips, driving the full length of his shaft into her small, fragile pool of innocence. The deep stabbing pain shot through her young body causing her to double over pressing her stomach against her thighs. “Stop please Kenneth, it hurts, please stop,” her eyes flushed with tears as his hard, rapid pumps ripped through her. Swinging his hand back, he landed a full palmed slap across the soft flesh of her bottom as he arched his back pushing his manhood hard and deep into her wetness. “Be quiet,” he demanded coldly through grunted breaths. The excruciating pain rocked her small body. Megan thought it would never stop as his rough, deep probing continued against her resistance. As the pain slowly started to fade, the natural rhythm of their actions began to rock her hips pressing her bottom tight against his waist. The tensioned tingle in her breasts shot through her body as his hand smoothed over her spine and wrapped into her long, flowing hair. Yanking hard in her hair, Kenneth pulled Megan’s head back forcing her full weight against his pounding thrusts as his loud groan broke through the fast paced rhythm of flesh meeting flesh. Placing his palm between her shoulder blades, Kenneth pushed her flat against the straw floor. Trapping her legs between his as plunged his hardness harder and deeper into her, he grunted through the final strokes of filling her with his heated seed. 
Megan never could remember a soft moment between her and Kenneth. From the time he made her a woman at the tender age of nineteen up until the last time she had escaped him, he had always treated her roughly. With no doubt in her mind, Megan knew Kenneth had never loved her. By the time she was twenty, Layton Calloway had reluctantly given her his permission to marry Kenneth. Not that he had much choice with her growing belly and dim future for his granddaughter, and soon to be great grandchild, always on his mind. On the verge of losing his family ranch to the Copeland’s already, due to their dirty handed dealings when he had mortgaged it trying to ensure a bright future for his only granddaughter. Layton hoped at least married to him, she may get some of the benefits of all the money he’d lost trying to save his ranch and provide for her. Even after becoming Mrs. Kenneth Copeland as she had daydreamed about so many times in her youth, the only love and comfort Megan found came from the small bundle of blessing she was forced to name Kenneth Wayne Copeland, III. Kenny as Layton lovingly dubbed him was the mirror image of his father. Kenneth’s crystal blue eyes and dark, dirty blonde hair marked the boy his undeniable son. Even before Megan became pregnant with little Kenny, Kenneth and his father started having their weekend hunting trips. It really wasn’t any surprise, although still a heartbreak, that on their wedding night Kenneth packed his bag and left for his hunting trip. It wasn’t until he missed little Kenny’s 1st birthday that the bi-monthly hunting trips really started to bother Megan. After all, when Kenneth would return from the trips the first few days he almost seemed to care about her. Often he’d come home with flowers or take her out to eat that night. To her surprise, he was always a bit gentler when it came to their first night or two back together as a couple. She never diluted herself with the term lovemaking when it came to her and Kenneth’s sexual relationship.  By the time she found out she was pregnant with his child, Megan already knew there was nothing loving about Kenneth. Four months after little Kenny’s 1st birthday, as if it were some dark curse upon her family, tragedy struck again. 
~*~ ~*~
Her grandfather had been feeling poorly lately but still, Megan couldn’t wait to go pick him up and take him out for dinner. With Kenny strapped securely in his car seat, she turned toward her husband who had been busy loading his bags into the Tahoe and asked him once again if he could skip this weekend’s hunting trip. Kenneth sneered with his usual cold stare, “Why the hell would I give up my time to go watch that decrepit old man gnaw at his food and talk obsessively about all the dead people in your family?” Anger struck hard in Megan’s heart, but washed away quickly with the sadness that he no more cared about anyone else in her family than he did her or his own son. After a semi-peaceful meal to which her grandfather did recall the fond memories of Megan’s grandmother, father and mother, Megan barely heard much of his reminiscing as her own mind toiled over her loveless marriage. She couldn't deny even to herself the impact it had made on her life or how it would affect little Kenny as he got older. Her mind was made up. When they returned to her grandfather’s ranch, she laid the baby down to sleep for the night and made the phone call. After a lot of screaming and tears, she settled the phone back on his cradle and told her grandfather of her decision to leave Kenneth. A peace flooded the face of the old man as he held his granddaughter in his arms. As she laid her still sobbing face against his shoulder, the old man shivered with fear knowing that Kenneth Copeland would not be so easy to be rid of. Thirteen months after telling Kenneth she was leaving him, Megan’s life had found a little peace. Being back at home with her grandfather made her happy and happier still were the moments he spent with his great grandson. 
Megan flicked at a picture of her grandfather holding Kenny and both being sound asleep. An unusual sense of peace still filled her as she recalled each and every stroke of signing her name to the divorce papers just three days earlier. She was free of Kenneth Copeland once and for all. He even gave up his rights for visitation with Kenny. Megan sat quietly contemplating how the rest of her life might play out as a glare reflected over the dash and broke her thoughts. She smiled as she saw her grandfather leave the hardware store and make his way back to her car. The sun had already begun to set as the car made its way along the curvy country road. Megan and her grandfather discuss what they would have for supper as little Kenny slept quietly in the back seat. The flashing of headlights in the rear view mirror startled Megan, but not as much as the increasing closeness of the large truck behind her. Loud blasts of the horn broke through the evening air as the truck continued to flash and at last lurched forward crushing into the back of her car. Swerving, trying to keep the small vehicle on the road, Megan began to scream as her eyes focused on her sleeping baby in the rear view mirror and the horizon turning upside down in the front window. Glass shattered and metal crushed around her as the vehicle flipped and groaned before her head crashed sharply into the steering wheel. Loud ringing and an antagonizing pain awoke Megan. Her eyes clouded with tears, blood, dust and glass as she reached an arm slowly behind her seat and felt the limp foot of her baby boy. A sudden rush of obscenities and grunts filtered into the loud ringing in her ears before her body was yanked roughly through the sharp shards of glass that has once been her door window. Her head fell limp as the glass ripped into her back and shredded her legs before she was thrown to the ground. “Please, my baby.. please help..” her crackled voice pleaded to anyone who could hear her, but before her vision could clear a large hand wrapped around her throat. The strong hands lifted her from the ground and slammed her small, broken body against the crumpled metal of the car. “Leave me?,” snorted a cold hard voice, her blurred eyes straining to focus on the voice she knew all too well. “You will never leave me you fucking bitch, and without that old bastard and your brat around, I’ll show you just how loving I can be.” The grip on her neck tightening with every word made her plea more silent than a whisper, “Please Kenneth, the baby.” 
A week later when she was to be released from the hospital for the double funeral of her grandfather and child, Kenneth pressed his mouth to her hair as the nurse notified them of the police man wanting to speak to Megan. “Unless you want a third casket, you better behave,” the tight grip on her shoulder reinforced his words as the officer entered the room. Megan answered all the questions and confirmed the story Kenneth had given the police earlier then laid back and cried. After the funerals, a deep dark drug induced depression overtook Megan as she lay in Kenneth’s bed. “Please don’t leave me,” she pleaded as he slung his bag over his shoulder and headed for the door. “Aaah,” his cold voice retorted back, “but wasn’t it you would planned to leave me? We see what that got you didn’t we,” he laughed a wicked, soul less laugh stepping out the door. 
Several hours after crying herself to sleep, Megan jumped straight up in the bed as the door slammed closed. The shock that Kenneth had come back and cancelled his hunting trip showed on her face as he dropped his bag and sat on the edge of the bed beside her. Before she could say a word, he slammed his hand hard into her chest forcing her backwards. Yanking her arms up over her head, the sudden coldness and loud click of metal against metal made Megan scream out just before his hard fist came down across her face. Pulling her knees up toward her body trying to protect herself, Megan squirmed and turned fighting to get away from Kenneth but his hand wrapped tightly around her throat. Pulling the pillow, shaking it from its case, Kenneth shoved the pillowcase roughly into her mouth. Megan kicked at him as he slowly began to climb on top of her, sitting his full weight on her thighs. “Shhh.. shhh,” he whispered as he slipped his fingers between the buttons of her night shirt and ripped the thin material apart. “I was half way to the cabin when the words of my loving wife came back to me,” his voice low and calm but the evil glint in his eyes reassuring there was no care behind them, “so I decided to bring the hunting trip home.” A dark evil fire burned in his eyes as he gazed down at her naked flesh and passed his tongue over his lips. A chilling smile stretched over his face as the sound of a knock came from behind him. Leaning down pressing his mouth over her bare breast, he bit down hard and pulled her tender flesh between his teeth before standing and walking toward the door. “Sounds like the guys are ready to hunt too.” Opening the door, he welcomed his father, uncle and two men she did not recognize like they had just shown up to watch the Sunday football game. His father was the first to stroll toward the bed and gaze wicked, hungry eyes at her as she watched him in embarrassment and horror. “Well boys, since it’s my weekend, I’ll grab the beers while y’all decide who gets to go first,” Kenneth shouted as he left the room. Screaming against the cloth, Megan kicked and turned trying to free herself. The four men circled around the bed with smiles on their faces, snorting grunts in the air and reached down toward her small, helpless body.  After what must have been hours of fading in and out of the drug and exhaustion induced sleep, Megan awoke to other of the men groping her body and pounding his heavy, sweating body between her legs. The dull pain in her wrists pulling her focus to the metal biting deep into their flesh brought a short sweet thought to her mind, “if it cuts deep enough, only if it would cut deep enough.” 
Even in the weeks between Kenneth bringing the hunting trips home, Megan lived and mostly slept in a drug and alcohol induced dream. One night when the men had brought another woman with them, Megan floated in and out of her dreams. With no will left to fight and no feeling left in her body, the men had their way with her as usual. The woman, obviously paid, had been there several times and often tried to care for Megan when the men grew tired of their presence. She’d wash lightly over the cuffs and freshly broken scars around Megan’s wrists when the men weren’t in the bedroom. “You poor girl,” she often whispered as she’d clean Megan’s limp body, brush the hair from her face and cover her up. As they often did, the guys retreated outside after using Megan and the woman as sex toys and punching bags. The woman washed Megan’s bleeding wrists again but this time she uncuffed them. Quickly she dressed Megan in a flannel shirt and pajama pants she found in the dresser and helped her out the bedroom window. “Get out of here! Run away!” the woman’s voice rang out in her memories. She had ran several times, first to New York, then Delaware, even living almost a year in Montana but always Kenneth managed to find her. The last time he had found her two years ago in Ohio and she had gotten the upper hand. Knocking him off balance, Megan tied him up and beat him senseless. As she ran out of the room he warned her that when he found her again, he’d kill her.
~*~ ~*~
The warmth on her face brought a sleepy smile to her lips as she raised her arms and stretched. The intense dream she had left her skin sticky with a thin layer of sweat. The contempt she had once felt for Blake Moore somehow drifted away as her mind heated her dreams with images of him. Opening her eyes to the bright ray of sunshine slipping between dark blue curtains, she licked her parched lips and moaned softly. As she focused on the gently swaying curtains her eyes widened. There was no window with dark blue curtains near her bunk, nor in her room at Gus’ place, her mind recalled. Suddenly frantic about where she could possibly be, Megan started to sit up before she noticed a heavy weight over her waist. Biting down on her lip to stifle a scream that threated to spill from her lungs, she looked down at the muscular arm that held her down. Tracing her eyes slowly down the bed, the mass of black hair splayed over the blanket and framed the etched lines of his face. A sigh of relief slipped from between her lips as she found Blake sleeping soundly in the chair, bent over the side of the bed with his arm over her waist. Once her breathing steadied the faint, broken memories came back to her. She remembered the heated passion between Blake and herself in the barn. She remembered the angry, hurt look on his face. She remembered walking into the bar and thinking Kenneth had found her. She remembered not being able to move or even to breathe. The dull ache returned to the back side of her head and her breathing became heavy with the memories and anxiety flooding back to her. Her breath caught in her throat when she remembered that Blake didn’t leave her. A soft smile played on her lips as she stiffly rose without moving around too much. Sinking her fingers into the soft thick mess of hair, she stroked the long tresses letting them slide between her fingers. Brushing her fingertips over his forehead, Megan pushed the hair away as she traced the fine lines of his face, all the while being overtaken by a tingling warmth that washed over her entire body.  A low moan came from the big man as her fingers caressed every inch of the exposed side of his face. With the slight movement in the chair, the smile returned to her lips as she spoke softly, “Blake. Blake wake up.” She continued to stroke soft caresses over his forehead and cheek as she watched his eyes flutter and squint before finally opening. A surprised gasp came from her lungs as his hand quickly flew to his face, pressing his palm against the back of her hand and holding the warm touch of her small hand against his cheek. As he opened his eyes, she couldn’t see any trace of the anger, coldness or cockiness she had always seemed to find there before. Instead the deep blue oceans seemed to be softened, caring and almost mesmerized as he looked up at her. Sitting up slowly, Blake scooted to the edge of the chair, a soft smile pressed against his worn and obviously tired face. Raising her arm slowly, she placed her other hand over his and pulled, lightly guiding him up onto the bed beside her. He stood stiffly for a moment then sat beside her on the bed. Staring first into her eyes then letting his gaze drop to her lips as she open them and softly whispered, “You didn’t leave me.” Megan leaned forward pressing her lips to Blake’s softly. The feel of her soft lips under his pulled Blake closer to her as his arms slipped behind her guiding her back against the pillows. With feather light strokes, she traced the tip of her tongue over the curve of his lip and moaned softly as his tongue slipped over and past hers.  Searching the warmth of her mouth, he pressed gently with his tongue urging her to let his passion in. Slowly as her fingers wrapped into the thickness of his hair, she parted her soft lips and welcomed the loving embrace of his tongue around hers. Caressing her face and neck with his strong hands, he devoured her lips in a slow, heated passion. “I’m so sorry Megan,” his low, hoarse voice whispered against the moist heat of her lips. “Shhhh,” she breathed softly letting her tongue part his soft lips again. The sun rising outside filled the room with a blanketed warmth as they lay holding one another. The soft slow kisses and delicate caresses of their hands passed through the hours like minutes. As Blake’s guilt ate at him, he slowly told her about the hollow revenge. Not as hurt by his actions as he thought she’d be, Blake questioned her about why she had fainted. Not ready to tell him what really happened, Megan gave him a quick excuse of getting too hot that afternoon and kissed him softly. Blake raised his lips from hers and caressed his thumb lightly over the faded yellowing bruise on her cheek, his eyes almost losing their glow as he whispered softly, “What happened here?” Through her shaky breathing Megan gave a shrug of her shoulders as her fingers reached up toward her bruised face. “A cowboy at the Tornado ,” she half whispered as she ran the fingers of her other hand over his shoulder softly. “A couple of weeks ago,” Blake asked as he leaned down pressing a soft kiss over the bruised cheek. “Mmhmm, he was taken care of though,” she let out a small laugh, “someone jumped him before he could really get ahold of me.” Blake’s lips tightened into a proud smile and had started to lean back down to her when she shoved her palms in his chest and pushed him back, “That was you wasn’t it?” He laughed at the recognition in her voice and the surprise in her eyes as he shook his head, “ I had no idea it was you that asshole was fighting with or I’d have really kicked his ass.” His words tugged at her emotions. From the faint shiver of memories that had been flooding her mind to hearing his words, Megan never thought anyone would feel protective or caring toward her. Pulling his lips to hers she sucked his bottom lip between hers and breathed out softly as his palm made a slow trail from her face to her chest and pressed over her rounded breast squeezing softly. Urgency pressed him as the throbbing ache raked across his loins, the hard bulge pressing hard against her heated thigh as he lifted then lowered his body slowly on top of hers. The need for him building deep inside her brought soft begging moans rolling from her throat. The unrelenting need of more of him.. all of him threatened to strangle her before too long. The softness of their kisses took on a new, stressed urgency as his deep growls mingled with her soft moans in the heated air between them. Pushing the fingers of his wandering hand between the top two snaps of her denim shirt, he pulled slowly popping every one of the snaps free. Pulling his lips free from her hungry kisses, Blake gazed down at the soft black laced bra that contrasted the soft, milky white skin of her body. Watching her eyes slowly close, Blake moved his lips slowly over the gentle curve of her neck. Each warm, wet pass of his lips tingled against her body as his mouth ventured lower.  Dropping his lips down against the soft upper curve of her breast he kissed and sucked softly feeling the smooth sweet taste of her flesh slipping between his lips. Tracing small pointed circles over her lace covered nipple with his tongue, Blake moaned against the hardening bulb as he covered it with his mouth. A primal growl escaped his lips as he got to his knees between her legs and pulled her to sitting in front of him, “I want to see you..,” he trailed off making a slow pass of his tongue over his lips before continuing, “ taste all of you.” His breath was heavy against her neck as he slid her shirt off her shoulders and down her arms. Pulling the sleeves off her arms, he dipped his head down sucking softly at the soft curve between her shoulder and neck. His fingers quickly kneaded and cupped the soft fleshy mound under the lace of her bra. Megan’s eyes caressed over the soft lines of his face as he rose on his knees in front of her. Pulling his shirt open with her hands, she pressed hot kisses all over his chest. Working her hungry lips down his stomach as he shrugged the shirt off his arms, she paid special attention to the taut curves of his body before tracing lazy circles around his navel with the tip of her tongue. Scratching her nails along the curves of his back, Blake pushed his hips forward pressing her kisses along the top of his jeans. Slipping her fingers around his hips, Megan brought a wanting gaze up his body. A soft, hungry smiled creased her pink pouty lips as she wet them with a quick pass of her tongue. The moan rumbled and shook Blake’s body as his eyes fixed on her lips and knew of her intentions. Megan quickly unbuckled his belt, popped open the button of his jeans and began to lower the zipper before his hand stopped her. Looking up slightly confused into his dark blue eyes, she stroked her thumb over the hot, tight crotch of his jeans feeling the hardness of him pressing against the denim. Without saying a word, he pulled Megan’s hand up his chest as he bent, pushing her back against the bed. Raising her hands over her head, Blake wrapped his strong fingers around her wrists and dropped his mouth over her hardened nipple and biting down softly. Megan's eyes flashed open with fear. The restrictive weight of his hands over her wrist brought the memories of her past flooding back. “No! No please stop!” she screamed bringing her knee up into his ribs knocking him off balance. The heated passion in her body suddenly turned cold as the memories of Kenneth and his hunting trips filled her mind. Still holding her wrists in his hand completely shocked, his eyes fixed on the fear in her eyes as the tears began to fill them up. “What’s wrong? Megan, what did I do?” he pleaded frantically as she twisted and wiggled beneath him. Dropping his hands down to cup her face, he stared at her frightened face as she broke into shaking sobs. Blake’s heart broke as he pulled her head up against his shoulder and held her tight. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” he whispered against her ear and stroked his fingers through her hair as the gut wrenching sobs shook her small, beautiful body. Utter confusion wrapped around Blake as he lay on top of her, trying to comfort her. After minutes that seems like hours to Blake, Megan’s crying slowed. Pushing her hands against his chest and her body out of his arms, Megan slid out of the bed onto her feet. “I can’t do this,” she stammered through the hiccups left behind by her crying. Pulling her shirt back on she buttoned it up and ran out of the room. Blake buckled his belt back together quickly and ran after Megan. Stopping abruptly at the edge of the porch, his eyes focused on her crushing her small frame into the open arms of the young cowhand Jason. The heated passion faded quickly from Blake as the boy turned ushering Megan into the bunkhouse . Touched by a slow coldness of jealousy, confusion then anger, “Fuck, I give up” he muttered. Behind the cloud of heated anger rising swiftly in Blake, he pushed away the silent whisper of his heart longing to hold her tight once more. 
~*~ ~*~
Weeks passed on the ranch with little more than a few glances of coldness from Blake toward Megan. Buck glanced up at his son standing in the front door of the big house, sipping slowly on his coffee and glaring toward the corral. Following the icy stream of Blake’s stare, Buck found Megan and Smitty unloading hay from the trailer and carrying it into the barn. A silent frown formed on the old man’s worn and weathered face seeing the hurt dripping off his son almost as thickly as a late evening rain dripping from the roof. Even he couldn’t get passed the iciness that had surrounded his son the past few days. Lately the two men quarreled over nonsense things, from the runnings of the ranch down to the doneness of this morning’s eggs. Buck could never remember his otherwise life loving son being so cold, withdrawn, and quiet. Megan stood outside the barn door just in the shadow, wiping her bandana across her brow before stealing a quick glance toward the big house. She too had noticed the icy cold stares coming from Blake as she worked around the ranch. “I think it’s about time for a cold drink and maybe a splash of cool water to our faces,” Smitty grunted breaking her thoughts. Smiling toward the man who had scared her so badly when they first met, she was relieved that her comfort around him had grown slightly since they usually ended up working closely together. “So the boy left already?” Smitty asked as they walked back toward the barn unloading the last bale of hay. Megan remembered the smile on Jason’s face as he left that morning, excited about becoming an uncle. “Mhmm, his sister is due any minute now,” Smitty’s smile grew widely as he watched the jeans tighten over Megan’s rear end as she pushed the last bale of hay onto the stack. Quietly adjusting the growing urge that pressed against the front of his jeans, Smitty walked up behind Megan and reached out toward her letting his hand slip over her hip. The slightly startled look in her eyes as she spun around, and the fact that Buck and Blake were less than 50 yards away, quickly changed his mind.  Smitty lightly teased Megan, “How about I buy you a drink,” letting his hand slide over her waist before turning toward the cookhouse. A soft sigh of relief escaped Megan’s lips as she assured herself she was letting her mind get to her. Following Smitty she agreed, “Sounds good to me.” Hearing her soft footsteps behind him, the wicked grin returned to Smitty’s lips. He knew it was Friday and she’d be working at the bar tonight. With the runt gone, she wouldn’t spend the entire night dancing with him, “I might just get lucky tonight,” his mind mused as he handed Megan a tall cold glass of sweet tea. Megan sipped slowly and took a seat in the chair closest to the door. Megan barely noticed the wicked planning playing over Smitty’s face, though she did notice the still cold stare coming from the porch of the big house. Many nights she tossed in her small bed arguing in her mind over the thought of telling Blake why she had freaked out and left him the way she did. The warm feelings she realized she had for him were only made more confusing as his demeanor lately had reminded her a lot of Kenneth. Megan knew Blake was no Kenneth Copeland, but feared her past would always haunt her. No matter how loving and kind Blake had been, she thought she probably could never feel completely safe with anyone ever again. “Ya know, I’m going into town a little early this morning,” Smitty’s gruff voice broke her away from her thoughts, “you could ride in with me if you want.” Trying to remember why Smitty had seemed to frighten her so much before, Megan pushed her bangs to the side of her forehead and smiled, “That would be nice. I just need to catch a shower first and change.” The smile across Smitty’s face seemed to light up, she thought, as she excused herself and headed toward the bunkhouse. 
Brushing the straw from her hair, Megan combed the long untangling braids down over her shoulder, smiling at the brighter highlights the sun always streaked through normally strawberry tinted locks. Unbuttoning her shirt and letting it slip down her shoulders, Megan shimmied her hips letting her jeans fall to the floor. Standing there looking in the mirror at her pale skin behind the black lace of her bra and panties she wished silently she hadn’t had so many freckles. As she reached back to unclasp her bra a thick, creepy feeling of being watched came over her. Turning quickly toward the bath house door, she sighed with relief seeing it was still closed and the hook and eye lock still intact. Shrugging off the feeling and laughing softly to herself, she pulled the sweat soaked bra from her arms before reaching down slipping her fingers under the sides of her panties pushing them over her short but toned legs. Running her fingers under the steady stream of heated water, Megan stepped into the small space of the open faced stall shower and leaned back into its relaxing massage. Stringing her fingers though her long flaxen hair, Megan’s thoughts turned back to Blake and the warmth that wrapped around her under his kisses. There was no doubt in her mind that his sudden cold and cranky demeanor had been brought on by her actions. But none of the guys, especially old Buck deserved being on the short end of his temper lately. Nodding her head to herself in agreement, Megan decided later this evening she’d pull Blake to the side and try to explain her actions. Though she was unsure she could really begin to tell of her horrid past, she knew she had to try. Trying to picture the whole scenario in her mind as she scrubbed the days sweat and dirt from her ivory skin, the teasing circles of the wash cloth against her hot skin twisted her thoughts into those moments being wrapped in Blake’s strong arms. Megan’s eyes closed and her breathing slowed as her fingers, wrapped softly in the soapy rag, caressed and soothed every inch of her torso and breasts. Slipping her hands lower and slower toward the soap soaked small patch of reddish curls nestled between her thighs. Letting her small teasing fingers slip softly inside, Megan’s mind whimpered, “Blake.” 
Outside the small vent window of the bath house the warming breeze of mid spring winds blew softly around the dark, bent frame of the spying cowboy. Rubbing hard long strokes against his zipper, Smitty bit down on his lip as his eyes strained through the small opening of the window. Focusing on the rise and fall of her small, rounded breast and the lazy motion of her fingers disappearing between her thighs, Smitty groaned. Thick heated sweat coated his brow as his eyes followed her roaming hand over the soft, heaving curves of her breast. Letting his gaze drop and focus as the fingers of her other hand slipped more rapidly between her thighs. Breathing deeply as the pressure of his palm against his jeans brought him closer to release, Smitty watched as Megan’s small frame began to shake. Cussing quietly to himself, he stepped away from the rear of the bath house and tried calming the raging urges in his loins. He knew she would be through soon and be ready to leave for town. 
~*~ ~*~
Arriving early, Megan started her routine of getting the bar ready to open. Smitty stepped into the usual paces of the young cowhand that normally helped Megan and Roxy prepare for the night. Toting cases of beer from the storage cooler to the front, Smitty found few chances to act on his plan, always being interrupted by Roxy or Gus rambling all over the place in preparation of opening. The night progressed on with people filing into the bar and while kept busy, Megan felt lonesomeness. Most of the guys had left town the day before heading to auction and with Jason gone, it was only her, Blake, Buck, Cookie and Smitty left at the ranch. Though they had all been shy and befuddled by her before, the cowboys quickly became as close to her she thought of them as brothers. Megan enjoyed the time they all spent together working, horsing around and cutting up. She missed Jason the most, she admitted herself, but still her heart reinforced they all were dear to her. Surprisingly so, but even Smitty had seemed to warm to her over the weeks. Missing the guys, a few times that evening she found herself dancing with Smitty and talking about things at the ranch. She hadn’t even noticed Blake’s cold stare coming from the back of the bar as Smitty spun her around the dance floor. Blake had slipped into the bar an hour earlier while Megan had been in the stockroom gathering a few more bags of peanuts. The anger that had solidly formed a barrier of ice around his heart lately didn’t keep him from showing up at the bar the last few weekends. Though he had told himself he wasn’t coming out tonight, the sore memory of her hopping into Smitty’s truck earlier with a full smile on her lips set his fuse short. A war of emotions inside of him showed in the darkness of his blue eyes as he sipped slowly on his beer and focused on Smitty’s arms wrapped around her small waist. Their laughter floating through the crowded little bar, riling the very ends of his anger as the night moved on. His bitterness bit at him as a memory his arms around her waist, the warmth of her skin against his and the sweet taste of her lips flooded back to him. “Stupid, stupid, stupid,” he scolded himself. His face softened slightly from its hard, determined anger as he watched her smile so softly. She had seemed so fragile, so helpless when he held her in his arms the day she fainted, still the idea of anything being that frightening to her weighed heavy on Blake’s heart. Think over that morning when he came so close to making love to her, Blake sighed heavily and admitted to himself that he believed he was in love with this girl. As the realization swirled his thoughts and emotions into a storm deep in his soul, jealousy pushed forth as he watched Smitty and Megan walking toward the door of the bar with Smitty’s arm wrapped tightly around her waist. 
During the last couple dances Megan had confided in the new found friendliness with Smitty that she missed all the boys and felt bad for everyone having to deal with Blake's harshness the past few weeks. After a little soft talking and prodding Smitty had convinced her she could confide in him but the loud music and drunken laughter provided no place for such a personal confession. Leaving his arm draped around her waist from the last dance, Smitty assured Megan they could talk more privately out in his truck away from the noise and ushered her into the coolness of the night’s air. The thin layer of sweat on her body lead her to the tailgate of Smitty’s truck rather than the cab as they decided the night air felt too good to miss. Seating herself on the tailgate, the thought of Smitty standing there in front of her never crossed her mind as she began to tell him of her growing closeness with Blake that ended because of her fears. Megan swallowed deeply with the sadness playing in the corners of her eyes as she wondered if she could tell Smitty how she really felt about Blake. As she opened her mouth to speak though, Smitty stepped forward pushing her thighs apart with his legs. Wrapping his hands around her face and pushing her backwards in the bed of his truck, Smitty lowered a rough, hot kiss over her lips. “What are you doing?” Megan demanded as she pushed her hands between them and against his chest. “Stop Smitty, get off me,” her voice racing higher as he dropped all his weight on her and pushed his palm hard against her breast, mashing his fingers into her tender flesh. “Shhh.. shhhhh,” hissed from between Smitty’s lips as his left hand slipped up cupping over her mouth roughly pressing hard into the tender flesh around her lips. His right hand slid down over her breast and ripped open the material of her half cropped shirt. Pulling the thin white laced bra down over the soft mounds of her breast, Smitty centered his hot, sucking mouth over the top curve of her breast and bit down hard into her tender flesh. Swinging her fists at his face and kicking her legs, Megan frantically tried to free herself from under his body. Mumbling loud screams into the palm of his hard rough hand, tears began pouring from her eyes as his hand ripped open her jeans and pushed them down her hips. His weight was unmovable as she kicked and squirmed, wildly swinging her arms only seemed to make his hand and mouth move faster over her exposed body. “Fuck, son of a bitch,” growled from between Smitty’s gritted teeth as the loud zip from his jeans filled her ears. As the hot, hard pressure of his cock jabbed into the crease of her pelvis and thigh, Megan tensed her body trying to fight him off. Holding her thighs tightly together she bucked her hips, forcing him to drop his hand from her mouth to steady himself in the truck bed as she screamed. “Mother fucker..” came a loud, low and angered voice as Smitty’s heavy weight lifted off her small helpless body. Pulling her jeans up, Megan hurriedly scooted further up into the pickup bed. She watched Smitty’s face twist in confusion then pain as Blake slammed him hard against the gravel. Trying to pull the torn material of her shirt over her, Megan looked around frantically grabbing at an old black garbage bag from the bed of the truck. Wrapping the damp dirty plastic around her body, Megan watched Blake’s fist pound repeatedly into Smitty’s face and body. Her still crying red and swollen eyes focused on the blood pouring from Smitty’s face. Megan had been unaware of the crowd that had gathered until three sets of arms pulled Blake from on top of the crumpled body of the cowboy. A few well-placed kicks from the toe of Blake’s boot showed Smitty to be unmoving and most assuredly unconscious. Megan’s terrified glare fell on Blake’s belt buckle as he turned toward her. Lifting her eyes along his tall frame, Megan focused on the swelling eye Smitty had found luckily while swinging wildly trying to defend himself. Stepping toward the tailgate, Blake unbuttoned his shirt, slipped it off his arms and raised it in his hands toward Megan. A soft grunt escaped him as she half stood and jumped into his arms, burying her head tight against the soft curve of his neck. Blake pulled his shirt around her and held her tightly against him. Lifting her softly in his arms, Blake pressed his lips into her hair and whispering softly, "I'm here Megan, I'm here." Blake carried her  past the crowd toward the police car that had suddenly come skidding into the parking lot. 
As Megan sat on the side of the hospital bed and confirmed to the police officer what happened, she felt the gentle warmth of Blake’s hand on hers, slowly stroking his thumb over her fingers. Tears still moistened her eyes as the sheriff informed her of the arrest warrant from Colorado they found on Smitty. Her stomach setting into a sickening spin as the word rape came from the officer lips. He had almost raped her, just as he had done at least two other woman as the officer reported to Blake. Rape, the word swirled in her head as her mind turned back to the repeated weekends that Kenneth had brought his hunting trips and buddies home. Broken down in utter despair, Megan sobbed, laying back into the hospital bed. The concern was heavy in Blake’s eyes as he shook the Barry’s hand asking him to let Roxy and Gus know he was staying, and closed the hospital door behind him. Quickly making his way back to the bedside, Blake sat quietly stroking Megan’s hair as her small body quaked with the force of the heart wrenching sobs. Finally his want, his need, to protect her guided his arms under her small, shaking body, pulling her into his lap and wrapping the protecting love of his arms around her. Megan cried softly against his neck as Blake stroked his hand softly over her shoulders. Caressing his fingers under her chin, Blake slowly lifted her face to his. As the sobs faded away and the warmth of his arms seeped deep into her flesh, Megan slowly began to tell Blake about her past. She told him everything about her marriage to Kenneth, the repeated weekends he and his buddies had raped her, about losing her son and about her always being on the run. A fever of hatred stiffened Blake’s spine as he listened to the heartache Megan had endured all her life at the hand of her so called husband. Pulling her closer to him as she finished telling him why she fled his arms, Blake sighed lowly taking in all the horrors she had survived and realizing still how strong she was despite it all. The wet shine of the tears on her face encircled the pools of green in her hurting eyes as he pressed his forehead lightly to hers. Looking deep into her eyes Blake whispered softly against her cheek, “No one will ever hurt you like that again.” 
~*~ ~*~
Three months had passed since Smitty had been arrested for the attempted rape of Megan Calloway and sent to an upstate prison for the rapes of the two other women in Colorado. Megan had never returned to the bunkhouse other than to visit with the guys, since Blake had moved her into the old cabin the day she was released from the hospital. The guys were more protective than ever barely allowed Megan to do much around the ranch anymore, even to the point of setting her anger on them for babying her. Even Buck’s depression seemed to lessen now that relationship between Megan and Blake grew. As Blake sat next to Megan on the swing that evening with his arm draped lightly over her shoulders, Buck knew the small, fair skinned woman had brought about this change in his son. The two spent most days close to one another, talking softly and sharing intimate evenings in the swing, laid out on the couch watching movies or wrapped up around the campfire with the guys. A happiness that hadn’t showed in Buck’s eyes in many years twinkled in the faint glow of the porch light. Blake stood slowly, taking Megan’s hand and muttered to his father, “I’m going to walk Megan to the cabin Pop. If I don’t see you before you turn in, I’ll see you in the morning.” Smiling lovingly at Buck, Megan leaned down and pressed a soft kiss on the old man’s cheek wishing him a good night before following Blake’s lead into the darkness of the evening. 
The night air was muggy still from the days heat as the couple walked slowly toward the lake hand in hand. Megan, who Blake had realized had been distracted by deep thoughts earlier, sighed softly as a gentle breeze began to blow, lifting her loose locks around her shoulders. “Megan,” Blake started then swallowed hard as she fixed her soft green eyes on him. “I know how hard your life has been, and I know the pure hell you have lived through. I can’t help to think some nights, that if you hadn’t showed up here…” His voice trailed off as he pulled her close him and pressed his forehead to hers softly, fixing the loving gaze of his eyes on hers “.. I may have never known what this.. this feeling had felt like.” A strong sigh passed his lips as he watched her soft smile grow. Blake tangled his fingers in the breeze scattered length of Megan’s hair and smiled softly as he pressed his lips to hers. Her breath catching in her throat as she savored the warmth of his mouth on hers, parting her lips at his tongue's gentle urging she caressed her tongue over his in a gentle dance of desire. Bringing her arms to rest over his shoulders, Blake pulled her small frame against his. Moaning softly as the warmth of her body pressed into his and her fingers tangle into the ends of his hair. The slow, loving strokes of his tongue as it danced and darted into every corner of her mouth coaxed a soft, delicious moan from deep inside her. The tingling warmth of passion touched every inch of her being as it grew inside her. Under the heat of his hands, the softness of his lips and the throbbing urgency of his manhood pressing into the softness of her stomach, her desire to be with him grew. A body shaking shiver washed over Blake as he pulled his lips from hers, wrapped his hand around her fingers once more and walked her back toward the cabin. 
A few nights since moving into the cabin had ended up this way, so it wasn’t much of a surprise as they walked to the door. Tonight though, when Blake didn’t stop at the door to kiss her good night, Megan’s heart began to flip flop in her chest as he pushed the front door open and guided her inside. Dropping the hold on her hand, Blake crossed the room and lit the small kerosene lamp on the mantle of the fireplace. Megan’s body groaned with need as she watched him unbutton his shirt and in the faint golden glow of the lamp let it drop to the floor. Her eyes feasted on the puppet show of shadows the fire dangled over his body as he slowly crossed the floor back to her. His eyes sparkled in the pale light as his hands floated up from his sides capturing her face softly in his palms. The softness of his eyes searched, staring deep into her eyes as he pressed a soft kiss to her lips.  “I love you Megan Calloway,” Blake whispered against her skin as his tongue darted over the soft, plump curve of her lips. Teasing at the tender flesh with the tip of his tongue, a low growl rumbled from deep in Blake’s chest as her mouth accepted his urging pleads. Her fingers pressed lightly over the smooth, bare skin of his back and caressed every well cut inch of his muscles as they flexed under her fingertips. A passionate slow dance of kisses erupted in the heat between their bodies. Blake’s hand smoothed over the soft cloth of her white tank top. His fingers slipped slowly under the bottom hem as he lifted it. The heated softness of his fingers caressing her skin as the shirt lifted over her face and slid down her arms. Blake’s eyes hungry for her as he stepped back looking at her half clothed body. Tracing the scars of her past as he memorized ever curve and wrinkle of her ivory skin, his fingers unhooked the front clasp of her bra and slid it down her shoulders.  Placing his hand on Megan’s shoulder, he turned her slowly away from him, stepping up against the back of her small body. His fingers worked diligently massaging her shoulders, his mouth tenderly sucking at the soft skin of her neck as his gaze fell over her shoulder on the soft rounded curve of her breasts and the upright stance of her nipples. Megan’s eyes closed slowly as the heated knot in her stomach forced a moan of pleasure up her throat. The hard heat of his need pressing into the small of her back as his hand slid slowly around her ribs reaching up to cup her small breasts. “Oh Blake,” the words played on her lips as his strong hands rounded and squeezed lightly over her breasts. Flicking his thumbs softly over the tensed, hardened buds, his hot fevered kisses sucked softly at the delicate skin of her shoulder. Letting one hand trail light strokes down her ribs and smooth softly over her stomach, Blake unbuttoned her jeans letting the back of his hand push the zipper open. As he slipped his long, rough fingers under the soft satin of her panties and begin to tease lightly along the soft curls, Megan’s body shivered against his chest. Megan arched her back pressing her shoulders into his strong chest. Looking back over her shoulder with closed eyes she searched for his lips with hers and found a hot, passionate kiss awaiting her. The rough denim of her jean's waist band twisted and pulled against her soft hips as Blake’s fingers continued to tease softly under the damp satin panties. Circling his fingertips lazily in the wet patch of soft curls, Blake’s kiss deepened in the warmth of her mouth. A quick almost surprised gasp broke the heat of the kiss separating Megan’s lips from Blake’s for a moment as his finger slipped below the tangle of wet curls and pressed softly against the sensitive nub between her wet lips. Capturing her mouth again with his, Blake stroked between the soft, plump lips of her womanhood and moaned in the warmth of her kiss. The growing pressure in his jeans pressed harder into the small of her back as her hands caressed along the back of his thighs. The heated passion built between her thighs as she arched pressing against his hand. His fingers massaged and pushed slowly back and forth between her lips before pressing into her hot wet wanting body. Megan moaned loudly as his finger caressed her tender swollen nub, coaxing the moisture of her passion from her. Turning her body toward him, Blake’s work worn calloused hand slipped from the wet sweetness between her thighs and wrapped around the tender flesh of her full, rounded breast. The warmth from the soft suction of his mouth over the tensed bulb of her nipple sent sharp, electric feeling shocks deep into the tender flesh of her breast. As his lips worked their way back over the soft milky skin of her neck, Blake flicked the tip of his tongue lightly at Megan's lips. Catching his bottom lip in between hers, Megan pressed the tips of her swollen, aching nipples against Blake’s chest. The heat of her fingertips coaxed a soft moan from Blake as she slowly trailed her fingernails over his abs before pulling at the button of his jeans. Her soft green eyes opening slowly as Blake stopped her fingers working at the button of his jeans, scooped her up in his arms and carried her into the bedroom. 
Megan’s skin warmed against Blake’s body as she slid down his stomach to stand at the edge of the bed. The heated passion of his kisses stoking the fire growing inside of her. Blake lowered her against the mattress with a gentle guiding of his hand on her hips. Leaning over her, Blake kissed softly down her neck to the supple flesh of her breast, sucking the pert nipple between his lips as his hands slid her jeans and panties down her legs. Stopping to pull the boots from her small feet, Blake smiled up at Megan as she lay back against the soft blankets. His hungry stare devoured the sight of her bare body under the moonlight that filled the small room. Trailing his kisses slowly up her thighs, Blake stopped as he leaned down and pressed his lips lightly over the sticky sweet patch of curls between her thighs. Megan’s eyes rolled closed as her jeans pulled free of her feet and Blake’s arms slipped under her knees. The heat of his breath enticing a deep moan from her as he lifted her legs softly and let them drop over the taut muscles of his shoulders as he rocked forward onto his knees. Kissing softly along the soft curve of her thigh, Blake’s massaged his fingers into the rounded flesh of her bottom as he lifted her hips up off the edge of the bed. Slowly he sucked, licked and kissed his way down her thigh. The thick scent of her passion still moist on her thighs and curls, Blake passed his tongue slowly over his lips as his hunger for her grew. Pressing his heated mouth over the length of her swollen lips, he parted the sweet wet flesh with his tongue and sunk it slowly between the tender folds. The taste of her passion coated the softness of her flesh. Blake slid his hands around the bottom of her thighs and massaged the plump flesh of her lips with his thumbs. Slowly pulling the thickness of the sweet folds apart then pressing them together again around his tongue, Blake savored the delicious juices of her passion. Megan’s body arched pressing her body against the gentle probing of his tongue. The sheer gleam of sweat shimmered as the dim moonlight danced on her naked body in front of his eyes. Her begging moans driving Blake’s motions as she sucked her soft folds between his teeth and slipped his thumbs into the hot wetness of her. Opening her swollen, slick folds gently with his thumbs, the quickened fever of her moans deepened the slow motion of his thumbs slipping in and out her pool of need. Long tender strokes of his tongue as it bumped over the sensitive nub followed by the caressing exploration of his fingers pushed the swelling passion deep inside of Megan to the very edge. Soft shivers shook his shoulders as Megan’s muscles tightened against the waves of pleasure his slow, dedicated loving brought to her. Blake’s hungry eyes watched as her breathing grew more rapid. Her breasts rose and fell faster with her labored breathing as her hands wrapped carefully around their round tenderness. The hardness of Blake’s desire strained against the confines of his jeans as Megan’s moan grew louder and the tightness of her thighs on his shoulders warned of her reaching the edge of her passion. “Oh God Blake,” Megan moaned loudly as her body began to shake furiously, squeezing her thighs around his shoulder. Blake slipped his thumbs deep inside her, opening her up to him fully. Pressing against the throbbing swollen sides of her womanhood, Blake sucked hungrily catching the flood of her sweet passion with the loving kiss of his mouth. 
Megan’s chest rose and fell in deep, heated breaths as Blake stood, letting her legs slide from his shoulders. His eyes devouring every inch of her glistening pale skin as he unbuttoned his jeans, kicked his feet out of his boots and pulled the denim from his long toned legs. As Megan pushed herself up on her shaky elbows, her tongue passed hungrily over her lips as she fixed her eyes on the long thickness of his manhood. Slowly turning and scooting herself higher up in the bed, Megan reached out to him as he crawled up between her still shaking legs. The heat of his skin seared her thighs and stomach as he lowered his weight on top of her slowly. His mouth finding hers and holding it hostage under his soft, hungry kiss as Blake’s body moved softly over hers. Megan trailed her fingers over his shoulders, scratching her nails lightly down his back as the slow movement of his hips pressed him between her thighs and the hard head of his manhood pressed softly against the still tingling nub. The slow dance of their tongues went uninterrupted by the soft moans and low growls filling the air between them. Blake paused as a slow grind pushed the hard, thick head of his manliness into the softness her lips. He straightened his spine momentarily, as a gasp escaped the softness of her pink pouty lips, Blake watched her eyes for any signs of tension or discomfort. Megan caught the sudden flash of worry on his face. The soft desire in her green eyes and the gentle curve of her lips smiled. Slowly she increased the soft pressure of her thighs around his waist, assuring him that she needed him as much as he needed her. The soft tightening and release of her inner muscles adjusted to the thickness of his shaft as he moved his hips in slow short strokes, pressing his length into the hot wetness of her pool slowly, a bit at a time. Megan’s hands wandered aimlessly, caressing the lines of his muscles over his back and shoulders as she slipped her tongue along the strong cut of his jaw and down his neck. Sucking softly in the tender curve between his neck and shoulder, Blake moaned loudly at the surprising sensation and pressed his thickness deep and hard all the way into her. Megan’s body tensed as a low deeply drawn breath pulled her back against the bed. Snapping his eyes quickly up to hers with worry, Blake searched her eyes for any sign that he’d hurt her.  Blake’s breath caught in his throat as she opened her eyes, seeing the worry twist again over his gentle face. Megan looked deep into his eyes, pressed her mouth over his in a long, loving kiss and raised her hips. Urging him on with her thighs she pressed him deeper into her awakened passion. With long soft strokes Blake loved her deeply, timing his movements with her soft rolling moans. The painful throbbing in his groins threatening to release the pressure of his passions rocked Blake into a faster rhythm. Slipping his hands under the firm roundness of her bottom, he lifted her hips into the heated urgency of his thrusts. Soft shivers trembled under his hands as Megan’s muscles began to tremble again under the threat of her passionate release. As her moans began to rise in pitch, Blake pressed himself deep inside of her passion. Sliding his hands over her hips, he held her tight against him as the rapid squeezing and release of her inner muscles sucked demandingly at his shaft. The sudden flood of warm, sticky wetness gripped Blake tightly, fighting back his own urges as his legs began to shake. Raising his hips from hers sliding the long length of his shaft from her body, Blake lay on top of her kissing her deeply. The impatient throb of his manhood pressed against her thigh. 
The realization of Blake letting her release come with little thought of his own warmed Megan. As their tongues danced in the passion of their kisses, she knew for the first time in her life, she loved this man and he loved her in return. Her emotions tumbled inside of her. The overwhelming warmth of his love wrapped tightly around her exhausted body. Megan moved her lips slowly to his ear against the arguing tone of his soft moan as she broke the kiss. Nipping softly at the tender flesh of his earlobe, she whispered softly, "I love you Blake." His lips found hers again and pressed the deepness of passion against her. Megan pressed her palm against his shoulder pushing Blake onto his back, before kissing and licking a slow trail down his stomach. Turning her eyes up to his, she hovered over his glistening roundness of his manhood and curled the corners of her lips into a hungry grin. Making a slow pass with her tongue over her soft pink lips, Megan pressed the plump tenderness of her lips over the rounded knob sucking softly. A deep animalistic groan shook Blake’s body as she kissed the tip again before letting the slick, taught skin slip between her lips. Returning her passion filled green eyes to Blake’s intense stare, Megan wrapped her tongue around the thick cap of his manhood and lowered her lips again down the thick, throbbing shaft. Letting a soft moan tickle around his manhood as her tongue pressed against the throbbing vein, Megan wrapped her small fingers around the curls at its base and squeezed lightly. Blake’s mouth dropped open in a loud moan as her gaze burned into his soul and her mouth continued to slowly love his hard, aching manhood. Reaching out to stroke her hair, Blake pressed softly at the back of Megan’s head following her loving caress of him with her lips. The long slow bobbing of her head teased him with each tantalizing suck of her mouth over his throbbing shaft. With the tension in his body building and the shaking of his muscles, Blake broke free of her gaze as his head fell back against the pillow enjoying the soft pleasures of her tongue and lips. Massaging her fingers around the curl covered base of his man hood, Megan moaned feeling the gentle shiver of Blake’s muscles under her fingers. The increasing intensity of the soft quakes pressed her lips faster up and down his growing length. As the soft throbbing increased, she increased the pressure of her tongue against the vein and the motion of her head with its rise and fall.  A low guttural growl surrounded her as a salty sweet thickness coated her tongue and Blake sat up suddenly, roughly jerking her mouth off him. The look of urgency in his eyes as he wrapped his hands over her shoulders, Blake began pulling her up his body.  Megan pressed her palms against his chest as she lowered her body on top of his hips. Straddling him slowly, she pushed his hand between them letting him guide the thickness of his swelling manhood into the soft wanting entrance between her thighs. Arching her back letting his full length slip slowly inside of her, Megan moaned loudly as overwhelming fullness inside of her shook her legs. Blake pulled her hips firmly against his, holding her still as her legs trembled softly over his hips. Rising onto his elbows, his mouth engrossing a small achingly hard nipple, Blake sucked on the bulb softly. The slow rise and fall of her hips against his thighs coaxed more urgent and fevered moans from both of them. Megan’s lips fell forward against his at the urging of his arms as he wrapped them around her. Letting her small frame slip up and down under the weight of his arms, the fevered passion rose between them. As the deep groans and grunts pressed against the softness of her lips, Megan increased the movement of her hips. The long, fast rise and fall of her hips against his arched her body back into the cradle of his arms. "Megan, Megan," grunted Blake's low labored voice as the tremble in her thighs spread into the whole of her body. His fingers dug into the softness of her hips, the hard breathed groans catching in his throat as his body tensed under hers. The insistent throbbing deep inside of her set off a series of hard squeezes from her inner muscles as the quickening rise and fall of her onto his shaft brought the relief of both their releases. Sinking into a deep passionate kiss, Megan wrapped her arms around his neck.  Her trembling body slowly rode out the last few hard thrusts of his hips. The heat of his passion squirted out, filling her completely as his strong arms slowed her rise and fall. Holding her tightly against him, Blake poured every ounce of his love into a soft kiss. Lying back against the bed, Blake held Megan as her soft, sweat soaked body weighed lightly on top of his. Their breathing slowing down and matching each other’s as the rise and fall of their bodies rocked them to sleep. 
As the first peeks of sunlight slipped between the thin flowered curtains, Megan awoke to the soft rhythm of snores. Opening her eyes she smiled softly, letting her gaze fall from the peaceful sleep of Blake’s face to the soft curls of his chest as she twirled her fingers in their soft mass. Her body still ached from the pleasures of last night. Megan sighed softly and pressed a soft kiss to the warm flesh of his chest. Her mind drifting back to the previous night and the way he had loved her so softly. Tears started to build in her eyes as her mind began comparing their lovemaking to all the rough handed nights with Kenneth. Her breath catching in her throat as Blake’s arm pulled her tight against him and his lips pressed softly against her forehead. Looking up at her, his eyes flushed with worry as they fell on the wet trail of tears. Before he could speak Megan smiled softly pushing herself on her elbow and kissed his lips softly. Brushing his hair softly off his forehead, she looked into the depths of his worried blue eyes and whispered, “I’ve never been made love to the way you loved me last night.” Blake held his breath a moment as a tear trailed down her cheek and followed the crease of the beautiful smile on her face. Sliding his fingers into her hair, Blake pulled her face down to his and kissed over the wetness of the tear. Blake whispered softly, “Because no one could ever appreciate and love you as much as I do.” A soft sob of happiness shook her small body as he pulled her to his lips again, kissing her tenderly as he wrapped her tightly in his arms. 
~*~ ~*~
As the sweltering heat of summer rolled into the long days on the ranch, everyone knew of the relationship that had formed between Blake and Megan. Determined to not let things change, Megan still worked hard every day on the ranch and worked at Gus’ place most nights. Though the past few months the other hands seemed to do everything Megan was supposed to do before she had a chance to. Often her temper flared up when she’d find a chore she had started got halted by the guys so they could finish it for her. She knew Blake had talked to the guys before heading off to the auction, but the three long days of him being gone left her frustrated. She didn’t want to be treated any better or worse than the other guys because of her and Blake. She hated that they didn’t let her do her work. By the time evening had rolled in and Blake returned home, Megan’s temper had not cooled. She had almost forgotten that it was Thursday and that he’d be home today. As the trunk rolled to a stop in front of the barn, Megan blew a heated puff of breath up into her bangs and slung a pitchfork full of hay into a horse’s stall. Blake talked with his dad a few moments before heading up to the bunkhouse. “Eeew weee, I wouldn’t want to be in your boots,” laughed Cookie as Blake stepped out of the bunkhouse with is face already twisted. “Yea, the guys told me she’s mad,” Blake shook his head slowly feeling like a man walking in front of a firing squad. The small framed old cook just laughed, “Ha! Mad is being kind.” Blake huffed heavily as he slipped his hands into his pockets and started toward the barn. 
“Megan,” Blake spoke cautiously watching the heap of hay fly into the back of the stall. His head dropped low as she turned, flushed faced and straight backed with anger. He listened intently to her explosion of anger while trying to hold back the smile that kept threatening to escape as he watched her small frame, pointing up at him and fussing. He knew when he told the guys to take over her jobs it was going to start a fight. Ever since her first day at the ranch, she tried to prove she was as good as any of the guys. Blake lowered his head hiding the sparkle in his eyes from her as she fussed on and he couldn’t help but love her even more. “But baby..” he started as she pushed him out of her way and stomped out of the barn. Blake couldn’t help but laugh as she stopped and grunted, throwing her arm back around the door to flip her middle finger at him, “Baby this.” As the stomping sound of her boots quieted and he knew she was away from the barn, Blake doubled over with laughter remember the fire in her eyes as she chewed him out. 
The faint sound of the cabin’s screen door closing set Blake upright in the swing on the porch of the big house, straining his eyes in the darkness. His eyes followed her small silhouette as she walked to the lake from her small cabin. She had fumed all day. Blake wanted so much to find her after she stomped out of the barn and hold her tight, but his father's advice to let her cool off seemed like the right thing to do. The full moon shimmered on the lake as she slipped her shoes off on the dock. The heat of the day still warm on the worn boards though the evening air had cooled a bit, Megan had loved the lake being so close to the cabin. A few days and more than a few nights, she’d slipped out in the darkness easing her mind and body in the coolness of the water. Tonight though, she stood on the dock watching the light breeze tickle over the smooth surface of the lake and sighed. She had missed Blake immensely the three days he was out of town. While she wanted to just wrap her arms around him, her damn inconstant emotions spurted out her anger at him instead. She had been a roller coaster of emotions and thoughts lately, mostly of her son. Soft tears rolled down her face as she sighed and quietly whispered, “Happy birthday babyboy,” into the night air. In her dreams she could see him running and playing here on the ranch, more often than not, she’d wake in a cold sweat with the scent of his hair still haunting her. Wrapping her arms around herself, she fell silently into the tears and the deep hearted sorrow of not being able to hold her son. Her child had been on her mind a lot the past few days. 
The warmth of a hand settling on her shoulder broke her from her silent thoughts. Megan turned wrapping her arms around Blake’s waist and cried softly into the warmth of his chest. Holding her tight, he swayed their bodies into a slow rocking motion and pressed a kiss to her forehead as she looked up at him. “My son would have been five years old today,” she said softly as Blake began to stroke her hair. The moon rose higher in the clear night sky as she told Blake about Kenny and how wonderful the memories of him and her grandfather were. As the hours passed, they began to talk about children and the future, the bar, the auction and things around the ranch. Blake smiled as her earlier anger at him flashed in her eyes and she admitted she had come out to the lake to cool off from all that. Blake kissed her lips softly as she playfully fussed still over being treated differently by the guys. A coy look came over his face as she looked up smiling at him. “Still need to cool off,” he asked with the same cocky grin she had hated when they first met. “No, I thi..” Megan started to say before a quick push of his hands against her shoulders sent her falling backward, splashing into the cool lake. Blake doubled over with laughter as she came up out of the water sputtering and cussing, “You Asshole!” Her surprised holler quickly turning into laughter as she swung her arms forward in the water sending a plume toward the dock. “Hey don’t, I’m not dressed for a swim,” Blake joked as he stepped toward the end of the dock and leaned down holding out his hand to help her out of the water. “Not my problem,” she snorted quickly as she wrapped her hand in his, planted her feet at the front edge of the dock and pulled him tumbling into the water. The two laughed and played, splashing and pushing each other under the water before Blake pulled her to him holding her in his arms. “Holy shit this water is cold,” he mumbled into the soft kisses that pressed between their lips. “Not really,” Megan replied as she felt his hand caress over her ribs and his thumb flick roughly over the wet cloth covering her hard nipple. “Oh really, then what’s this from,” he asked with a sly smile before parting her lips with his tongue, pulling her into a deep passionate kiss. Slipping his hands under her tank top, Blake pulled the thin soaked garment over her head and tossed it up on the dock behind them. His eyes feasting on the soft glow of the moonlight falling over the upper curve of her bare breast as she floated in front of him with her legs wrapped around his waist. “You are so beautiful,” he whispered pushing her wet hair over her shoulder and began warming the skin of her shoulder with the heat of his kisses. Megan reached down into the water and pulled her small pajama shorts down her legs as Blake tossed the last piece of his drenched clothes onto the deck. Turning back to her, the sharp urge in his body pulled her legs back around his waist. The hardness of his manhood pushed softly against her folds searching for the warmth of her body. Guiding her hips slowly with his arms, he slipped the tip of his manhood between the silken folds and watched her body arch backwards as his thickness opened her to him. Pressing his arms against the small of her back, Blake slipped into the warmth of her love letting the length of his passion filled her. The moon crept slowly across the clear night sky as they made a slow, passionate love in the lake for hours before dressing and heading to the big house. 
As Friday’s morning light arrived, Blake slipped from beneath his flaxen haired beauty and stepped quietly out of the bedroom leaving her asleep. He had a lot to do today. Though he had finally talked her into only working at the Tornado on the weekends, he knew without a doubt she’d fuss to go into work at the bar tonight and he had to make plans. Jotting down a quick note as he told his father of his plans over coffee, Blake started out on his trip to town. Buck smiled over his coffee cup as Megan walked from the shadow of the hallway wrapped in Blake’s long house robe. “Good morning little lady,” his chipper voice rang as he poured another cup of coffee and slid her cup across the bar. Although this wasn’t the first morning she’d encountered Buck as she left Blake’s bed, the heat of embarrassment still tinted her cheeks. As she looked around for Blake, she smiled, “Morning Buck.” Sipping her coffee slowly, she peered through the kitchen window and sighed softly seeing the spot where Blake usually parked empty. Buck followed her longing gaze then smiled quietly answering her unasked question, “He said he had to get an early start. He’s picking up a horse today and he had some stuff he wanted to do in town. He left you a note on the fireplace.” Buck watched as her smile brightened and she excused herself, walking into the living room.
Good morning my love,
I hated to leave the warmth of your arms, but there are a lot of things I need to do today. I might even have to get you a surprise. I will see you at the Tornado later.
All my love,
Blake
Megan smiled letting out a soft sigh as she held the note tight against her chest. He knew he had upset her when the buckskin stallion she tamed her first day sold at auction, so the thought of her possible surprise warmed her heart. Sometimes she felt so silly, feeling like a teenager in love, but never before had she felt so completely safe with or loved by anyone. As she dressed for the day and headed to the barn to help the guys, Megan pressed a soft kiss to Buck’s warm cheek and laughed, “Guess I can’t stay in bed all day, lots of work to do.” 
As the sun started to drop behind the mountains, Megan let out a low sigh and hopped into the front seat of the truck with Jason. The sadness of Blake still not being home shown on her face as her young friend smiled and shook his head. Starting the truck, he joked at his dear friend, “You got it bad girl,” he couldn’t even finish because of the laughter that burst from him. “Just shut up and drive,” she laughed and punched at Jason’s arm. He was right though, she thought, she hated being away from Blake, even before they shared so many passionate nights. The heat swelled in her cheeks as the blush tinted her face against her light make up. The young cowhand smiled widely seeing the coloring of her cheeks as he backed the truck up and pulled out of the driveway. Her mind drifted back to Blake’s note as they drove. She couldn’t help but smile when she thought of him and the time they had spent together. 
A cloud of dust flooded over the back door of the bar as Jason skidded the truck to a hard stop. Megan poked at his ribs, “maniac,” she teased the young man as she opened the truck door and made her way inside. The two, coupled with Roxy and Gus started in the early routine of getting the bar ready for the busy night. Everyone in town now knew of the relationship that had developed between Megan and Blake the last few months, so the talk always turned in that direction. Though Megan knew Roxy and Blake had been a couple years ago, there were no stressed feelings between the two women. It actually drew them closer the past couple of months with Roxy seeing how happy Megan made Blake. As the first few guests started spilling into the bar Roxy made short work of getting their drink orders filled and making her way back to the friendly conversations between her, Gus, Megan and Jason. An hour or so after Gus left for the evening as he usually did, Roxy was tending to a rowdy bunch of young patrons in the back as the front door swung open spilling the soft fading light of the evening on the bar floor. Megan didn’t look up from the chore she had taken over of restocking the front cooler, but Jason surveyed the unfamiliar guy as he stood in the door with his eyes fixed on Megan. “Hmmm,” hummed the young cowboy drawing Megan’s attention up from behind the bar. “What’s up,” she asked as she searched his confused face. “Hey buddy, can we get you anything,” the question louder than Jason’s normal talking made Megan raise an eyebrow and follow his gaze to the door. Dropping the beer bottle she had been holding in her hand, the door swung shut with the man disappearing behind it. “Guess he changed his mind,” Jason said softly as he slugged back another drink of his soda. Megan’s face turned a pale white as the partial image of the man seared into her mind. It couldn’t be him, her mind argued as she felt the fear creeping into every pore of her body. Jason looked strangely at Megan across the bar as the beer bottle crashed on the concrete floor. Seeing all the color drained from her face he stood up, “Megan, you alright?” “Uh, yea,” she half whispered, “I um, I forgot something at the ranch, can I use your truck Jason?” A little taken back by her response but with no reason to think she’d lie to him, the young cowboy slid his keys across the bar and took another drink of his soda. Megan grabbed the keys and headed out the back door. Slowly poking her head around the corner of the bar, Megan scanned the parking lot. Not seeing anyone around, she ran for Jason’s truck, started it up and took off speeding toward the ranch. “Maybe Blake is home,” the thought flashed through her head quickly replaced by her heart telling her she couldn’t leave him. She didn’t want to leave him or the ranch, but if that was Kenneth, she’d have to run. Her mind ran through escape routes and plans quickly as she sped down the highway. As she grew nearer to the ranch she sent up a slight prayer that Blake wasn’t there, she couldn’t face him and tell him she had to leave. The memories of their time together, her life with Kenneth, the love making she shared with Blake and the rape she endured repeatedly at Kenneth's hands flooded her mind before the abrupt sound of a loud horn brought her back to reality.

An hour later when Blake pushed open the door of the bar and scanned around quickly looking for Megan, the sly grin on his lips made Roxy laugh as she walked up beside him. “Well aren’t you looking like the cat that ate the canary,” she laughed as she poked him in the ribs. Reaching out quickly to grab her arm, Blake spun Roxy to facing him. Fishing in his front pocket with his fingers, he pulled out a small black box. A soft gasp slipped from between her full smile as she grabbed the box, opened it slowly and laughed, “Well you’re about 14 years too late for this, but I’m sure I know someone who will take pity on you.” The loving smile of his old friend warmed Blake’s heart, but not nearly as much as the important question he had for Megan. Scanning the bar again he asked Roxy quietly, “Where is she?” The confused look on her face slowly faded his own smile as Roxy put her hand on his arm and replied, “We figured she was with you at home. She left about an hour ago in Jason’s truck saying she forgot something at the ranch.” Spotting Jason playing pool in the back corner, Blake got a chill. “Megan don’t ever drive,” he muttered as he quickly made his way to the young cowhand. After Jason told Blake of the guy that never stepped into the bar and the look on Megan’s face, Blake left the bar, the light weight door left swinging as he pushed through so fast. 
Worry and fear washed over Blake’s face as he raced down the highway into the darkness. Glancing down in the seat beside him at the black box, he couldn’t imagine where Megan was or why she would drive away after all this time. He knew she had told him a few times that she never drove after the accident that killed her son and grandfather. That thought and the image of some unknown man staring her down pushed his foot harder on the accelerator. As he rounded the last curve before the ranch, a flash of light in the woods off to the side caught his eye. Sliding the truck to a stop he searched the side of the road. “No, oh no,” he muttered as just past the path of light from the headlights he saw the fence ripped into shreds and a path of pushed down young growth. Someone had definitely missed the curve and in Blake’s worried mind it had to have been Megan. Reaching under the truck seat Blake felt around for his flashlight, feeling the handle of his revolver a strong fear gripped him. Taking the gun and flashlight in his hands, he ran into the crushed thick path through the broken fence. Looking closely over a bright red pickup truck left running in the path, Blake startled seeing the cab empty. Reaching in through the window, Blake picked up a newspaper that was laid on the seat with red marker circling the story about Smitty’s arrest. His breath caught hard in his throat seeing the dark red line under Megan’s name in the story. Walking slowly to the front of the vehicle, holding his palm against the glare of the headlights, Blake’s stomach turned in wild fear seeing the damage to the passenger's side of grill on the truck. Looking over the damage Blake quickly realized this wasn’t the vehicle that crashed through the fence. Scanning his eyes ahead into the foggy path of light that flooded the brush, Blake squinted for a moment then cussed under his breath as his eyes focused on the red glow of tail lights up ahead, but something wasn’t right about the tail lights. 
Fear choked Blake as he ran up to Jason’s truck lying up on the driver’s side in the small creek. The front end of the truck was crumpled from the impact with the fence and brush. Shining his light through the busted out front window, Blake’s heart pumped hard against his chest not seeing Megan in the cab. A hushed sound broke his concentration followed by a weak grunt and the rustling of the underbrush a few feet to the left side of the headlight beams. Walking slowly through the shallow creek toward the rustling sounds, Blake could see the faint shadow of a person leaning down over something. Just as he was about to call out, a hushed angry grunting voice floated through the air, “I told you the next time I’d kill you bitch..” the voice trailed off. As Blake pushed his way through the brush, his eyes fell on Megan’s naked, bloody body lying limp on the ground with a light haired man’s naked waist pressed into the curve between her thighs. Both of the man's hands were wrapped tightly around her neck shaking her limp head. Blake’s guts tightened as his last step landed just inches from the man, drawing a deep breath Blake pulled the revolver from his belt and squeezed the trigger. The shot rang out in the dark, echoing off the mountains as the body of the man slumped over Megan and fell heavily off to her side. Heated tears stung Blake’s eyes as he bent down beside her, shoving the limp body of the man off her waist and leaned down close to her face. “Megan, Megan,” his voice broke as he softly shook her shoulders. The stillness of her chest and the dark pool of blood under her head brought Blake’s head down to collapse on top of her body. “God please no, Megan wake up,” he shouted through tear flooded eyes and pulled her limp body into his arms. As the heart broken sobs shook his large frame, he rocked her small body in his arms as the approaching lights bounced along the underbrush. As Jason and the other ranch hands found the scene, a faint breath touched Blake’s neck, "Blake.” Blake held Megan’s body close, pulling her blood soaked and torn clothes over her body. “Megan, open your eyes, look at me my love, open your eyes,” Blake screamed as the guys leaned over him huffing with deep labored breaths. “Baby please don’t leave me,” Blake whispered into the mass of glass filled bloody hair that clung wetly to his shoulder. The warm tears falling from his face landing on hers, as  her eyes fluttered. Barely able to raise her hand, Blake held Megan’s fingers tight and pressed them to his cheek as her eyes slowly rolled closed again. Rocking her small body as the sirens neared and the crushed path of underbrush filled with people and emergency vehicles, Blake whispered a soft prayer toward the heavens. 
~*~ ~*~
A white room and bright lights drifted in and out of her dreams. Hushed conversations that made no sense filled her mind while the horrors of Kenneth’s hunting trips were being replayed over and over. Kenneth’s breath on her face stung as his words swirled around in her head, “Without that old man and your brat around I’ll show you just how loving I can be.” “Leave me..” Kenneth’s voice echoed in her head, “.. next time I find you, I’ll kill you.” Megan gasped pulling at the hand wrapped around her throat, sitting up quickly her head began spinning as the white walls and bright lights invaded the fuzziness of her eyes. “Please, the baby,” she screamed frantically. “The baby is fine,” came a soft, sweet reassuring voice as Megan’s eyes focused on the warm face of an elderly lady dressed in white. The old woman brushed Megan’s hair out of her face, “Easy darling, you’ve been out of it for a long time, 9 days total now,” pressing Megan’s shoulders making her lay back against the hospital bed. Fear gripped Megan’s heart as the room and the nurse came into focus, feeling around her neck Megan didn’t find angry fingers but tape and tubes. “We were beginning to worry about you, but then we figured when you and the baby were ready you’d wake up, you’d join us again,” the nurse smiled down at Megan as she squeezed the wheezing bulb of the blood pressure cuff. As the most recent memories swirled in Megan’s head, her whole body shivered. Her eyes darted back to the nurse as she asked quietly, “the baby?” The elderly woman smiled and nodded her head, “With you being out for over a week, we didn’t do too much other than make sure the baby was fine.” A soft laugh filled the room as she continued, “Of course as early as it is, we wouldn’t have even known of the little one if not for the blood tests. Doctor Persons said you are a week or two along.” “A baby,” Megan whispered softly with a smile as the pain killers lulled her back to sleep. Images of her being pregnant filled her dreams, the warmth of Blake’s arms around her as he rubbed her swollen belly. Memories of Kenny flooded back to her before the dreams of the birth of the new baby. Hers and Blake’s child grew in her dreams, slowly as they unfolded like a movie in her mind. The images of Blake holding a child that looked like Kenneth woke her in a cold sweat. “Good morning Miss Calloway,” rang a soft, low toned voice. Blinking her eyes against the bright sunlight spilling into the hospital room, Megan looked up as he continued. “I’m Dr. Persons. It’s nice to finally see you are good and awake.” As the doctor examined her chart and spoke of her drug induced coma they kept her in over the past week, Megan found it hard to focus. He spoke of the extensive surgery they had performed on her ankle, told her of the necessity that lead to the removal of her spleen, and the extent of her injuries. As he concluded and closed his chart, Megan reached up grabbing hold of his arm, her eyes full of tears as she quietly asked, “the baby?” “Ah yes,” his kind eyes smiled with the rest of his face, “congratulations. We couldn’t get a good look since you are not very far along, but nothing suggests the baby was stressed by the sound of the fetus’ heartbeat.” Megan pressed her palm over her stomach, her voice catching in her throat as she opened her parched lips, “how far along?” The doctor shrugged his shoulders slowly and sat down beside her on the bed, “It’s still really too early to tell. Maybe a week or two, if it hadn’t been for the blood tests, we’d never have known in the first place. By the sound of the heartbeat though, I’m guessing you didn’t know either. You might have slept through most of its growth already. We did take extra precautions keeping you under for your recover though, to be sure of the safety of the fetus.” The doctor’s soft smile reassuring, but his words fell on deaf ears as her mind turned over the new information. Nine days she’d been asleep, all the while a baby grew inside of her. A week or two, the doctor’s words floated around in her head as the tears swelled up in her eyes. The soft droning of the doctor’s evaluation ceased. “Does anyone else know,” Megan asked the doctor quietly as she heard voices just beyond her hospital room door. His reassurance of her medical right to privacy should have eased her tortured mind, but the days of her coma compared with the estimated term of her pregnancy weighed heavy on her heart. “Ah Mr. Moore, Blake, Mr. Winslow,” the doctor’s cheerful hello broke her train of thought as she glanced toward the door to watch Blake, Buck and Gus filing in from the hallway. Pressing a soft smile to her lips, she kissed the cheeks of both the older gentlemen as they hugged her and told her of their worry for her. As Blake sat beside her bed in the hard green vinyl covered chair, the mix of emotions and thoughts kept her from meeting his gaze. The following couple of days in the hospital seemed to linger on as the joy of having a baby growing inside of her battled with the fear of the possibility of it being Kenneth’s child. Her dreams reminded her every time she closed her eyes of the night her ran her off the road, raped her broken body, and tried to squeeze the life out of her. Though her heart kept flashing back to the night before that, and the many nights before, when she shared her love with Blake and him spilling his seed into her time and time again. 
The morning the doctor came in with the welcomed news she could go home, Blake had been telling her of that night. A dark sadness set into the swirl sea of his stormy blue eyes as he recalled his first night in jail not knowing if she was going to live or not. He had shot and killed Kenneth without a second thought and while it wasn’t self-defense, the judge declared him free of his own recognizance and denied the lawyer's plea for bail. He spoke softly against Megan’s ear as the tears fell down her cheeks and assured her Kenneth Copeland could never hurt her again. Sliding into the bed beside her, Blake wrapped her in his arms. The still very real memories flooding him as he spoke, “I thought I was going to lose you forever.” Megan adjusted the few remaining tubes and wires to turn on her side and face him. Pressing soft kisses over his forehead and lips a soft, breeze of a whisper slipped between her lips, “Never.” As they lay there holding each other, Megan still battled in her mind if she should tell Blake about the baby. The decision hadn’t come easy, but as she opened her mouth to tell him a soft knock at the door interrupted her. As the older man slipped slowly through her door, she traced over his face wondering why he looked so familiar to her. “Uncle Jacob,” she questioned as the soft features of her grandfather’s face seemed to show in the tired solemn face before her. A sigh of recognition escaped the hard features of the man’s worn face, but when he smiled crossing the room to her bed, Megan could see her father in him. “Uncle Jacob,” she repeated through the happy sobs that shook her small, fragile body. Jacob stepped around Blake as he rose from the bed and wrapped his arms around Megan. All the happy memories of her child hood flooded back as he held her tightly and whispered, “I’m sorry it’s been so long.” 
~*~ ~*~
Blake sighed heavily with his eyes focused down the drive at the front of the old cabin. The soft touch of her father’s hand on his shoulder did little to sooth his solemn mood. “How long does it take Pop,” Blake asked quietly without waiting for an answer. He sighed deeply almost asking himself as he whispered so quietly, “How long could it take for all the damage she’d went through to heal?” Blake’s head hung low as Buck patted his shoulder and kicked his foot against the porch setting the swing into a slow, gentle motion. “No one can know son. She won’t even know until one day she will just wake up. Not that the things she endured will ever heal completely, but one day she will wake up and be able to put it all behind her. She’s strong son.” The old gentleman continued after a soft laugh shook his rounded belly, “I think we all know just how strong she is, but she’s home now. So much has happened, but she will heal and our little Megan will be back to us. Just watch, give her time and you’ll see.” Blake shook his head hoping to be more comforted by his father’s words, but the four months since Megan got out of the hospital had been taking its toll on Blake. He spent as much time as he could at the cabin with Megan since she came home. He wanted to take care of her as much as he could, but since her uncle had moved into the cabin with her, he had taken over her care. Blake was happy her uncle had showed up. He remembered the emptiness in her voice so many times when she spoke fondly of her childhood and her last living relative that she missed so dearly over the years. He never thought though, that relative would become a blockade between them. Blake passed a side wards glance toward his father and smiled softly as the old man too gazed toward the cabin. He too knew of the feeling of the thoughts of losing the last remaining member of family as his eyes trailed over the concern drenched face of his father. Slapping his palm down over Buck’s knee, Blake stood and straightened himself, stretching his arms into the air. “Think I’m going to go see how she is feeling today,” he called over his shoulder as he stepped off the porch in the direction of the cabin. 
Megan smiled as her uncle pushed the chair in behind her, settling against the small wooden dining table, she sipped her coffee still half unable to believe that he was really there with her. Though they didn’t speak of her childhood too much in detail, Jacob filled Megan in on the years of his drug and alcohol addicted destruction of his life. She found out much to her surprise, he had gotten out of rehab barely two years ago but had managed to buy back twenty acres of what was left of her grandfather’s farm. The mix of emotions tossed her stomach violently as she tried to swallow back the feeling of sickness. Excusing herself from the table, Megan barely heard the light knock on the cabin door. Running to the bathroom, she kneeled wrapping her arms around the toilet, pushing the door shut with her toes. Jacob had started behind her mad rush to the bathroom when the knock stopped him. His heart wrenched hearing the soft convulsions of tears and sickness through the bathroom door. The thought of her almost regular bouts of sickness quickly left his mind as he opened the door, fixed his eyes on Blake and stepped outside quickly closing the cabin door behind him. “Jacob,” Blake offered as he raised his hand. The two men had talked several times since his coming back to the ranch with Megan and there was no doubt in Jacob’s mind that Blake felt deeply about Megan. “Well good morning Blake,” Jacob shook his hand. 
Purposely guiding the cowboy away from the door as he walked, Jacob draped his arm around Blake and turned them toward the pond. “How is she, I mean, is she doing ok,” Blake stammered as he kicked a small rock toward the driveway, lifting his eyes toward Megan’s uncle. The concern coated Blake’s face like a dreary coat of paint and the sadness in his eye’s made Jacob swallow hard. “She’s getting better I think. Went through a lot the way I understand it, but I think she’s getting better,” the older man answered trying to sooth the sullen look in Blake’s eyes. The men walked around the lake and talked of different things. Blake filled Jacob in on Megan’s time at the ranch and his feelings for her as Jacob told Blake of her childhood and the multitude of losses from their family. “She’s just so cut off, so rigid and almost cold,” Blake broke the silence that had set upon the men. “I’m scared I’m going to lose her,” he confided quietly to her uncle. Before Jacob had a chance to speak, Blake cleared his throat and began again, “Am I the only one who’s noticed when I try to hold her, she pushes you between us? Have you noticed that too or am I just going crazy, desperate to hold her and love her?” Jacob watched the turmoil build quietly as Blake’s shoulders slumped.  Blake turned slightly away from Jacob as his emotions washed over him like an unexpected storm. Jacob raised a hand and placed it on Blake’s shoulder. “You’re not going crazy son. We just have to give her space and let time ease the pains of her young heart.” Blake nodded softly with his back still turned to the older man and started toward the barn. As Blake turned back for a moment, Jacob noticed the glimmering pool of tears in the young cowboy’s eyes as he pleaded, “Will you tell her I love her?” Jacob nodded solemnly as Blake walked away.  
~*~ ~*~
“There you are,” Megan forced a smile as her stomach turned flip flops impatiently as she lightly buttered a biscuit. Making her way into the living room, she wondered over the solemn look on her uncle’s face as she flopped down into the overstuffed arm chair and bit into the biscuit. “Don’t know what’s wrong with my stomach,” Megan lied softly as her uncle placed his hand on her shoulder and pulled a dining chair up beside her. Her eyes fixed on his as he lowered his body into the chair, stroked her chin between his fingers and held her gaze to his. “When are you going to tell Blake about the baby,” he asked matter-of-factly. Megan’s eyes glistened as they opened widely, sliding straight up into the chair her voice broke in surprise, “How did you know?” Tears swelled in the corner of her eyes and fell slowly down her cheeks as her uncle recalled the early days of her mother’s pregnancy. He confirmed after all the years of wondering that he had loved her mother so very much and repeatedly begged her to marry him after she realized the baby was on his way. Deep sadness fell over Jacob as he swallowed back the still painful memories, “the night we lost her and my son was the night I died deep down inside. As much as I loved you and wanted to stay around and watch you grow into the beautiful woman you are today, the drugs and alcohol drowned out all the pains. You look so much like your mother.” The love he still had for Anita showed even now as he spoke of her. Jacob’s breath choked in his throat when he spoke, “That boy loves you Megan, and he is going to love y’all child just as much. He needs to know.” Megan broke down into tears, pressing her face hard against her uncle’s chest. The hard grasps of sobs shaking her small body as the doubt flooded her mind. “I don’t know if it’s his,” she stammered through heart wrenching sobs as her uncle wrapped his arms around her and rocked her slowly as he did when she were still a child. As the heart breaking tears exhausted her weak body, Megan told her uncle of the night Blake killed Kenneth and how Kenneth had raped her pushing his hot hate deep inside of her before Blake found them. As the timing and the term of her pregnancy became clear to him, Jacob felt the heartbreak that had been burning deep inside his niece. “Regardless of who the father might be, do you love this child that is growing inside of you,” he asked softly against her slowed sobs. “No matter how hard I try to make myself believe it is Blake’s baby, even with the possibility that it could be Kenneth’s, I do Uncle Jacob, as much as I did Kenny as he grew inside of me.” Megan’s soft voice trailed off as she leaned back pressing her palms to her slightly rounded belly. Gently laying his hand on top of hers, Jacob pushed her hair behind her ear and smiled as she looked up into his eyes, “and so will Blake,” he whispered. 
Days passed with heaviness lifted off Megan’s heart as she decided her uncle was right. She loved Blake and missed him so much the past few months as she struggled with thoughts, memories and dreams. His daily visits had gotten harder on her. She wanted so much to just stay wrapped in his arms but her fears and worries pushed her to hiding away in her bedroom, pretending she was asleep when he’d come to spend time with her. It was time he knew, she thought to herself as she pushed the cabin door open and stepped outside. Whether he would accept the baby or not, she knew it was time she told him why she pushed him away. 
Her still sore ankle hobbled her as she hurried toward the barn. She had watched him hauling in hay with the guys earlier and sighed with relief when they all left leaving him behind. Stepping quietly into the coolness of the barn, Megan was stopped in her tracks by the mumbled cussing and grunts that filtered through the air. Following the sounds, she rounded the end of a stall and stood quietly watching his tensed shoulders as he angrily threw hay this way and that. Huffing and mumbling to himself, she could hear the anger mixed with hurt and confusion. I did this to him, Megan thought. Her eyes began to tear as he straightened his back and turned toward the shuffling of hay under her feet. The anger faded quickly from his face as his shoulders eased their taut stance and he smiled. Even behind his smile she watched the mixture of happiness, confusion, concern and longing play over his face. Blake stepped toward her, wrapped his arms lightly around her waist and whispered softly into her hair, “How are you doing? You feeling ok? I’ve missed you so much.” The flurried heat of his breath tickled against her ear. The warmth of his strong arms seeped into her skin as his roughed scent of sweat, hay and cologne teased her very senses. Holding back from the full warmth of his embrace, she dropped her arms from his shoulders and took a small step back. Worry replaced his soft smile as her hips slipped from beneath his fingers. The concentrated look on her face made him stop and catch his breath. “Blake,” she started softly as her fingers ran down his arm and tangled into the firm warmth of his hand, “I’m doing ok and I missed you more than you know, but I have something I need to tell you.” Megan stepped backwards slowly, pulling Blake’s hand to follow her lead as she sat quietly on the bench outside the stall. “Please sit,” she asked softly as she patted the empty spot beside her on the bench. The fear and heartache in his eyes piercing deep into her heart made her force an uneasy but hopefully reassuring smile as he sat next to her and wrapped his hands around hers. “Megan, I..” Blake started before she pushed her lips together shushing him quietly and pressed her finger to his lips. “What I need to tell you is hard enough already Blake, please, will you just listen?” She could almost hear his heart break as the seriousness of her tone weighed heavily on him, his shoulders slumped low as she began to speak. “The past months have been so hard on me Blake. The constant changes, the uncertainty of knowing if I was safe here, if I could stay here, the confusing feelings I had about you, all that was very hard. Then as time went on, everything seemed to fall into place. I had a home full of people I cared about and I realized that I cared more for you than I did any of the others. I can’t begin to explain how happy I was our first night together, and when you told me that you loved me..I.. I knew I had found this place for a reason. The nights we loved each other so completely left me breathless. I’d never known that kind of love before you. You have loved me and made me so happy Blake,” the words caught in her throat as her body began to tremble trying to hold back the tears. “Megan, I do..” Blake began again watching her eyes fill with tears. “Blake please, sshh, just hear me,” Megan interrupted, squeezing his hand as she wiped the back of her other across the moist tear trail on her cheek. Megan’s eyes dropped from his gaze as she lowered her head and her voice, “Kenneth raped me that night Blake. For months I’ve turned over the memories of us in the lake the night before and the many nights even before that, but I can’t forget that he raped me and there is a very real chance that,” Megan’s voice broke as she began to sob. Her body shaking trying to force the words out as Blake stared at her confused with anger and hurt. Before he could say anything and before she could make her mouth form the words, Megan slowly pulled his hand into hers and dragged it up her thigh, pressing his palm gently against her stomach. Blake’s stormy blue eyes darted rapidly from the gentle rise and fall of her stomach under his hand to her eyes still swollen and red with tears. The confusion welling up inside of him as his mind turned her words over in his head before his eyes finally settled on the small, soft bump of her stomach under his hand. Taking in a deep breath, Megan pushed back the tears and stroked the back of his hand as he moved it slowly over her stomach. “I’m pregnant Blake,” she whispered softly. His eyes drew slowly up toward her gaze, his lips slightly parted as everything began to sink in. Blake sat quietly staring into the sea of emeralds in her eyes and rubbed softly over her stomach. Almost as if awoken from a dream, Blake straightened himself, and stood up in front of the bench. Looking down for a moment at Megan, without saying a word he walked slowly out of the barn. 
Though the different scenarios played over and over in her mind the past few days, Megan collapsed against the bench her body rocked with tears. She never thought it would hurt so much watching him walk away and walk out of her life. She lay there for long minutes crying softly as she hugged her arms around her belly. Even the painful sight of him walking away still hadn’t dulled the love she had for the child growing inside of her small belly. Closing her eyes as she rocked quietly hugging herself, Megan began to go over plans in her mind to leave the ranch. Tears overtook her again as the stinging pain of a life without Blake sunk into her. A sharp gasp caught in her throat and her eyes flew open at the warm pressure on her thigh. Seeing Blake there in front of her on his knee brought the tears again as she lunged forward falling into his arms. “Blake, I don’t want ..” she started out in a fevered rush of emotions. The soft shushing of Blake’s voice stopped her as he pushed his palms against her shoulders. “Megan,” Blake started softly. Straightening her after minutes of holding her tightly, he eased her back against the bench.  Blake squeezed her hand tightly and continued, “remember the business I had to attend to that put me late showing up that night? When I arrived at the bar and couldn’t find you, my heart sank. The moment Jason told me you took his truck and about the guy, I thought you were running and I’d never see you again. That’s how I found you, I wasn’t about to lose you.” Megan stroked the back of his hand with her thumb and wiped the back of her free hand over her tear soaked cheeks. Her heart wrenched inside her chest as she watched Blake struggle with his own emotions and fumble in his pocket. “Megan Calloway,” Blake swallowed deeply as he stared into the shimmering light of her eyes, “I set out to do this months ago.” He muttered softly as he released her hand momentarily and with shaking fingers opened a small black box. “Will you marry me,” his deep, hushed voiced whispered as he took her hand in his again and raised the small box toward her. Megan watched as a single tear trailed slowly down his face, the glimmer of sunlight playing on the ring as his hand shook. Her breath caught hard in her throat as a new rush of tears streaked her cheeks and the delighted smile creased the corners of her full pink lips. After a few moments of silence, as if the question slapped across her cheek, Megan straightened her back and focused her eyes on Blake’s. Her quivering voice broke the uneasily silence, “but what about the baby,” she questioned. Blake dropped his other knee to the hay covered ground and leaned forward pressing his lips to her stomach as his arms wrapped around her waist holding her softly against him. Raising his face to hers, his eyes swam in the sea of emeralds as his lips parted to speak. “Our child will be the happiest and most loved baby to ever enter this world,” Blake smiled rising to her seated height and pressed his lips softly against hers. Her moist tear soaked lips welcomed his softly. The longing and passion that had been stifled by fears over the past few months sprang forth. “Yes,” barely a mumble, the heated breath of the word danced over his lips. Blake’s smile tightened under her soft lips as his arms pulled her even closer. “Say it again,” he begged catching her face softly in his hands as he pressed his forehead against hers and stared deep into her eyes, "Please baby, say it again." “Yes Blake Moore,” Megan’s shaking excited voice raised just above a whisper, “I will marry you and our child will be the most loved.” Pulling her quickly into his arms, Blake stood spinning around as he kissed her deeply. “Wooohooo!” rang loudly throughout the barn as they laughed between heated kisses. The hurried scuffling of footsteps broke the excitement and passion of their kisses. A worried voice hollered from the doorway of the barn, “What the hell is all the racket going on in here?” Laughing loudly as Blake swung Megan around in his arms again then eased her back to her feet as they turned toward the entrance of the barn. Buck, Jacob, Jason and Cookie had rushed to the barn to find the source of all the hollering and stood there with the sun to their backs when they spotted Blake and Megan. “We’re getting married!” Blake’s proud, happy voice hollered out toward the men as he pulled Megan tightly against him. With the happiness still playing on his face, Blake turned Megan slowly toward the men. Dropping his hands over the small bump of her stomach, he began to rock her slowly side to side. “And we’re having a baby,” he continued a bit softer as the guys drew nearer and the happiness in their congratulations echoed through the old barn. 
~*~ ~*~
“Megan are you sure this isn’t all too rushed?” Roxy fussed as she twisted Megan’s long hair onto the top of her head. “And why at the Tornado,” she crinkled her nose as she gazed around the dark, overcrowded store room. “I don’t know why you two don’t get married at the ranch,” Roxy continued to fuss. Megan laughed softly and caught her friends hand as she pinned the last of her hair in place. Squeezing gently, Megan turned and faced the woman who she had grown so close to. “Roxy, this is my home. The Tornado was the starting place for all my happiness. Everyone I love is right here with me and in a few short minutes, I’m going to be married to the most wonderful, loving man in the world.” While Megan’s attempt to fight back the tears proved successful, Roxy had no such luck as she squeezed her dear friend in a tight hug and cried softly. The two laughed as Roxy exaggerated her hug around Megan’s rounded belly. “You are one lucky little boy,” Roxy whispered as she rubbed slowly over Megan’s stomach. 
The door creaked slowly behind them, breaking up the happy chatter between the two women. Both woman turned to the door and fought back laughter. Standing in the half closed doorway, Jason’s face flushed a bright shade of red as his mouth hung open, gaping at the sight of Megan in her wedding dress. Finally losing the fight, both women burst into laughter as the young man cleared his throat, closed his mouth and walked toward the two. “Wow, Megan..” the young cowhand stuttered. Wiping the back of his hand over his forehead, Jason licked his parched lips, “you look… beautiful.” Megan smiled with the warmth of the boy’s affection reaching her own cheeks, stepping forward she embraced him in a tight hug. “Thank you so much Jason, for everything,” she pushed the words against his cheek with a light kiss. Stepping back, Jason began to twist his fingers and fidget uncomfortably before the color began to return to normal in his cheeks. Still his voice quivered slightly, “They just wanted to know if you were ready.” Megan nodded softly as the young man wrapped his hands around hers and stepped in toward her again whispering, “Megan if Blake ever..” his voice trailed. Megan smiled watching Roxy roll her eyes behind the young boy’s back. Swallowing hard, Jason continued, “well I mean, you know if he ever, I mean, if you ever needed me, I’ll be here.” Megan squeezed his hands softly as she smiled and placed her palm against his cheek. “I know Jason, I know,” she assured softly as she pulled him into another gentle hug. Roxy still shaking her head at the pitiful display pulled on the back of Jason’s shirt, “Come on lover boy, we have a wedding to get started.” As Jason squeezed around the door, Megan smiled at her uncle who hugged Roxy as they met in the door. “Ready babygirl,” he asked as he looped his arm in hers and pressed a soft kiss against her forehead, “You look so beautiful.” 
With the music starting to play, the louder murmur of voices hushed as Jacob pushed the door open slowly. Megan’s eyes wide with excitement, she smiled nodding at each of her ranch brothers who lined the walkway to the dance floor. As they slowly crossed the bar, Megan’s eyes began to tear seeing all the people she had come to love as family looking at her through smiling eyes. As Roxy stepped off to the left and Megan’s gaze fell on the sight of Blake standing there beside Jason, Megan stopped in her tracks. Her heart felt like it was in her throat threatening to choke her until he turned and smiled at her. As she stood there, arms linked with her uncle’s the tears began to swell in her eyes. “Who gives this woman’s hand?” The preacher’s voice rang in her ears as her uncle spoke up, “I do.. and..” A loud timed roar filled the room as everyone in the bar stood and hollered, “We do!” Blake and Megan both broke out in laughter as the tears slowly trickled down her face and his hand wrapped lovingly around hers. The loving gaze between their eyes never broke as they listened to the preacher's words and both repeated the vows of devotion.  Megan smiled into Blake’s blue eyes as the preacher announced that the groom had something to say. 
Squeezing her hands softly, Blake cleared his throat and began. “Megan, before you came into my life, I thought it was perfect. I never imagined life being better than it was back then. But when you whirled into town like a little tornado, you flipped my life upside down. I thank God every day for bringing you here. When I almost lost you I..,” his words choking him as he straightened and cleared his throat once again, “the thought of losing you was something I couldn’t wrap my mind around. One day, one minute, even one second without you would be too much to go on living with. From the day I met the fiery heat of your anger, til the first moment I felt the warmth of your loving arms around me, I knew I loved you. Deep down inside, with all that I am, I’ve loved you from the moment I saw you and I will love you for every moment of my life.” The soft chorus of ‘aws’ hummed lightly in her ears as her smile spread fully across her lips. Mouthing the words, Megan looked deep into his loving eyes and whispered, “I love you.” The abrupt clearing of a throat caused them both to laugh softly as the preacher spoke up, “Well after that, there is nothing more I can say other than, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.” Cheers went up into the air as the song Texas Tornado began to play. Blake pulled Megan tight against him and whispered playfully, “Come here Mrs. Megan Moore,” as his lips fell softly over hers and began swaying their bodies slowly to the song. As the afternoon moved on, Megan hugged and danced until her swelling feet began to hurt. Making her way to the dressed table with Gus’ arm linked around hers, Megan looked up as the front door swung open wildly, flooding the dimly lit bar with sunlight. Roxy rushed quickly over to the sheriff as he stepped inside. Their quick whispered conversation raised Blake’s attention from the chatter of the guys around him. Barry waved as he looked over the small crowd of people, pulling his wife close by his side and yelled over the music, “They dropped all charges!” Making his way through the crowd, Blake found Megan as Gus helped her settle into a chair. Dropping to his knees he cupped her face into his hands and smiled before leaning down pressing his lips to her stomach. Wrapping her fingers into his hair, Megan held Blake close against her bulging stomach and sighed softly. 
~*~ ~*~
Megan stepped through the door, smiling as her eyes fell on her son wrestling in the grass with his great Uncle Jacob. “That boy looks more like your mother every day,” Buck laughed as he clapped Blake on the back. The deep rich, Native American heritage showed dominantly in child’s face. Megan hollered out calling the boy in to wash for supper as Blake stepped to her side, slipping his arm around her waist and pulling her close. “Layton Buchanan Moore, I know you heard your mother,” Blake’s deep but soft voice spoke up over the laughter and rough housing between their son and his uncle. “Otay daddy,” the baby grunted as he climbed off his uncle’s back. Hurrying up the steps, the dark haired, blue eyed toddler pushed between Megan and Blake’s legs as he ran inside. Jacob hobbled up to the porch and flopped his weary body onto the swing beside Buck, huffing and puffing for air as he wiped his shirt sleeve over his brow. “Whew, I tell ya, for being only 3, that boy sure is strong,” Jacob laughed through labored breaths. 
“Blake,” Megan’s gentle tug on his arm broke the loud laughter between the men as he turned, wrapping his arms around her tightly and looked into her eyes, “yes my love?” Her soft, sultry smile never wavered as she glanced over his arm at the two older men and pulled Blake’s hand. “Walk with me,” she barely formed the words into a question before stepping off the porch. Once she was sure they were out of the hearing range of the two old cowboys, Megan stopped turning her body toward Blake’s. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she pressed her lips softly against his. “Mmm,” Blake growled as he nibbled softly on her bottom lip. “Should we sneak off to the lake,” he teased letting his hand slide over the luscious curves of her hips and squeeze against the rounded firmness of her bottom. Laughing softly Megan flirted back with a wink, “Hhmm Layton is due for a nap.” Blake's smile pressed against her lips again softly before she leaned back in his arms. The serious look on her face lightened his teasing mood as his eyes traced over her lips. Megan smiled softly again and tangled her fingers into the curled ends of his hair as she started, “Remember when you said our child would be the most loved?” Her question caught Blake off guard as he leaned back searching her eyes. “What if there were two,” she whispered softly as if it were a secret from even the wind. “Two,” Blake muttered as he swallowed hard, “two,” he repeated more excitedly as he watched her face rise and fall in an affirming nod. Quickly lifting her against his body he hugged her tight. His arms softening as she slid down the length of his chest and they kissed deeply. “They will be the two most loved children in the world,” he laughed softly against her lips as he kissed her. “Pop, Jacob,” Blake hollered out as they turned and walked back toward the big house, “Two!” Megan laughed as his loving arm cradled her body tightly against his and the love and pride on his face outshined the afternoon sun. 
~*~ ~*~
