





That Old Black Magic

The Boys of Raven Cove- Book 1



J. Ashburn 

Copyright © 2015 by J. Ashburn Fiction
All Rights Reserved
Cover Art Copyright © 2015 by Clarissa Yeo

All characters, events and descriptions in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living or dead are the product of the author’s imagination and are purely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any mean, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from J. Ashburn.
The Boys of Raven Cove Series


Book 1: That Old Black Magic

Book 2: Under His Spell

Book 3: Raven Ascending


One 



JONATHAN paced around the room. Four walls and a door, but no windows and the door wouldn’t open. He stared at the dark walls, looking for some clue as to where he was or why he was here. The floor was stained with what looked like candle wax and chalked-markings. His heart raced, and sweat dampened his brow, matting his blonde hair. 
He studied the door again, tried the knob once more as if this time it would open, and sighed. Jonathan clinched his fists and focused on the door, smelling the timber wood it was made of, tracing every knot and crinkle with his mind’s eye. His body temperature rose. The hair on his arms stood up. He opened his hands and a bolt of blue lightning ripped from the ceiling and struck the door. A puff of smoke rose off the door, but nothing more. His magic had no effect on it.
A growl escaped Jonathan and he rushed the door again, pounding on it with both fists. “Let me out of here! Let me out!”
The door flew open, a dark purple light blinded Jonathan, and he sailed backwards, hitting the wall. He froze against it, stuck as if held by a dozen arms. The magic was much stronger than his, and it was dark…
Footsteps echoed and Jonathan looked up to see a tall, lean man with jet-black hair and a well-trimmed beard walk into the room. The long duster coat he wore rippled as he approached Jonathan and set piercing blue eyes on him. 
“Who are you?”
The handsome stranger smiled at him—a sly smile full of sensuality and secrets. “You weren’t supposed to see them. It wasn’t you they were calling.”
“That ritual…just what were they doing? I’ve never seen a ritual like that before. Are you their leader? Listen…I don’t know how you got me here or what’s going on, but you can’t keep me here. Let me go.”
“I’m sorry, Jonathan, but I can’t let you go back to Raven Cove. I can’t let you tell Julian. Not yet.”
“How do you know my name? I can’t read your thoughts…you’re blocking me….who the hell are you?”
The stranger raised his hand toward Jonathan and the stone of the wall stretched and slid around his legs. It crackled and crawled up his thighs as if alive, engulfing his waist, his chest, his shoulders. It sprawled over his arms and hands.
“No,” Jonathan cried. “No…I…you’ll…pay...for…”
Only Jonathan’s eyes remained as the stone muffled his words and covered his face. Shock and horror seized him as he felt his heart rate slow down and a cold chill fill his entire body. It was like being suspended in ice. He watched helplessly as the stranger turned away, swinging his duster around him, and vanished through the door. It closed behind him. 
###
The open kitchen had a spacious view of the living room and its huge bay window. Julian Holloway loved the natural light that filled the house in the morning. He gazed out of the window as he put the finishing touches on breakfast, lost in daydreams about Chris, as usual. 
Right across the street, he caught glimpses of the ocean against the hazy blue horizon. The beach was just one street over and he almost took it for granted that he owned one of the most coveted homes in the blustering fishing town of Raven Cove. His home resembled a seasonal cottage decked out with clapboard siding and actual functioning shutters, although it was considerably larger due to all of the additions built onto it, including an entire second floor—all of this practically on beachfront property.
Julian set a plate of scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and homemade hash browns onto a tray with a tall glass of orange juice and a small vase with a single red rose. It was Chris’s twenty-eighth birthday and Julian wanted to surprise him with breakfast in bed.
He picked up the tray and strolled through the kitchen and living room to the stairs. He followed them up to the second floor, paused on the landing, checked to see if Chris was up yet or in the bathroom, then continued with a smile forming on his face. 
Julian nudged open the half-closed door and set eyes on his still slumbering partner, the covers wrapped around him haphazardly, a bare leg sticking out from beneath them. It was so cute. 
“Hey, sleepyhead,” Julian beamed, not loud enough to startle him but enough to make his presence known.
“Huh?” Chris stirred. He lifted himself from out of the sheets, his chestnut brown hair tousled and sticking up in various directions. He yawned and trembled all over. He spotted Julian in the room and a warm smile spread across his face. 
Julian wanted to laugh at the sight of him, but knew Chris hated when he treated him like he was an adorable puppy. “Happy birthday!”
“Oh, yeah,” Chris said breathlessly. “I almost forgot it was today. Thank you for remembering…”
“Like I would forget.” Julian brought the tray to the bed. “For my man, breakfast in bed.”
“This looks awesome. Thank you, babe.” Chris looked up as Julian leaned in and kissed him. 
Julian basked in it, tasting his partner’s lips, his tongue, soaking in the smell of him. 
Chris beamed, eyeing the food. He picked up the fork and began scarfing the breakfast down. His stomach was already growling at the anticipation of the it.
Julian sat on the bed beside him and watched him eat. He’d never seen a metabolism like Chris’s. He could eat anything. Not Julian, he had to work out endlessly to make sure the weight didn’t sneak in, especially since turning thirty-three this year. His metabolism wasn’t as cooperative as Chris’s, but he sure did appreciate it in his lover. Chris’s taut body and bulging muscles were a turn on. He felt so protected in Chris’s arms even though he was the younger man. It was probably being a fisherman that gave Chris his nice shape. It wasn’t the easiest profession.
“Oh!” As if Chris had read Julian’s mind, he perked up suddenly. “My God, I’m almost an hour late.”
“What?”
“Dad’s going out today, fishing and to check the lobster traps. I told him I would go with him.”
“But it’s your birthday.”
“I know, baby, and thanks for the awesome breakfast. I won’t be all day. I’ll be home for dinner.”
“Fine. But you better. I’m planning an even more special dinner for you.”
“I can’t wait.” Chris slipped his hand across Julian’s face and pulled it toward him. He kissed Julian again, slipping his tongue into his mouth and playing with Julian’s. He pulled back and looked into Julian’s eyes. “I love you.”
“I love you, too.” Julian wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tight. 
Chris gently pulled free and hopped from the bed, his naked body streaking across the room to the bathroom across the hall. “I gotta go!”
Julian shook his head and stole a piece of bacon from the tray. “Can’t wait until tonight.” 
###
Many of the roads in the downtown area were still made of cobblestone. Chris raced through them to meet his father Henry, a gruff and impatient man who took the fishing business very seriously. Henry Flaherty had always been a fisherman like his father and grandfather before him. All of Henry’s brothers had left to become farmers and ranchers in the Midwest, thinking that’s where the money was. Not Henry. Raven Cove was where he was born and raised, and it was where he would die.
Chris was happy to follow in his father’s footsteps. He loved being a fisherman, loved working on the ocean waves, in the outdoors. It was hard work, but it made him feel strong and alive. He liked seeing the rewards of his physical labor. There was something fulfilling about it. He also loved the strength both inner and outer it gave him, a body that was firm, toned and muscled, and confidence and determination to face most anything. Like his father’s brothers, Chris’s brothers hadn’t felt the little fishing town was exciting enough for them. The four of them had moved to the big city, way on the other side of the mountains, where they now lived and raised their families. 
Then there was the sailing and the ocean. Chris loved the water, and he always felt like a fish somehow, like he belonged in it. It was there that he first discovered he could make magic. He was able to stop a raging thunderstorm by thinking about it. Storms always made him sick as a dog when he was caught in them. He’d thought stopping that storm had been a coincidence, but when he was able to levitate the ropes on the deck and raise the sails without touching them, and saw the hint of blue light in the air, well, he figured he was a little different. 
He pulled up to the docks and saw his father staring at him from the trolley. He didn’t look happy. Chris parked and jumped out. The salty air filled his senses and he took a big whiff as he skipped across the dock. The seagulls squawked above as if scolding him for not arriving on time.
“You’re an hour late,” Henry said with a raspy, hoarse voice. Too much pipe tobacco—his one vice.
“Sorry, Dad,” Chris said softly, averting his eyes from his father. “It’s my birthday, y’know.”
“I know it, that’s why I didn’t leave. Thought we might spend it together.”
Chris smiled. “Me, too, Dad. Julian thought the same thing. He made me breakfast today.”
“That was nice of him. Usually you make that for him.”
“I know. It was a nice surprise.” He dashed onto the trolley’s deck and untied the ropes from the docks. “Okay, ready.”
His father started her up and raised the anchor. “You have to come home for lunch with me. I promised your mother.”
Chris nodded at him.
“She made you a cake. Don’t tell her I told you.”
“I won’t,” Chris laughed. “I’ll act surprised.”
“Good. Now let’s check the lobster traps first, then we’ll see what we can get with our nets.”
Chris knew his father was already anticipating the tourist season. The Flahertys came from all around to eat lobster here, go fishing, sailing and whale watching. All of the restaurants in town would be demanding tons of lobsters. They would be ready. Even though they were catching fewer lobsters with each passing season, they remained the top fishermen in town. The other companies hated them for that. Chris and his father had competitive pricing and an old-fashioned business sense that served them well.
 “You got it, Dad.”
There was nothing like being out on the trolley with his father. Chris smiled and looked at the blue skies ahead. The spring day was sunny and clear, not much wind, and just a bit cool. It would be a bit colder out on the water. Chris put on his wool cap and pulled out a white cable sweater from below deck. 
His heart was already racing at the thought of the catch of the day. 
###
Julian lay back on the couch, his feet up, grading papers. That was one thing about his job--he didn’t have to work on Saturdays and Sundays, unlike Chris. Schools weren’t open on the weekends. He was an assistant professor at the University of Blackstone. Blackstone was the next town over from Raven Cove, and was twice the size of it. It was mostly a college town with tons of art houses, retail stores, malls, and hip restaurants--everything from Vegan food to Asian fusion. 
The day was passing so slowly, which is why he’d chose to grade the papers. Normally, he would have done them Sunday night before bed, or even during his lunch breaks in the school cafeteria or at the campus coffee house, but he wanted to stay occupied while Chris was away. 
He flipped through the tests, marking up corrections when something caught the corner of his eye. The sun was suddenly swallowed by some fast moving clouds and Julian felt cold. It was as if the temperature in the room had dropped. Julian looked around the room, gooseflesh growing on his arms. He glanced toward the antique mirror on the wall adjacent to the couch and saw a shadow pass across it.
Dread filled Julian. He felt eyes on him. “Who’s there?” He let the tests drop and got up off the couch. He approached the mirror and gazed into it, but there was nothing but the living room’s reflection in it now. He waved his hand across the glass and a curtain of blue light shimmered across it. 
“I know someone’s here,” Julian said to the mirror. “Show me.” The mirror’s image grew murky. It rippled, then stopped, returning to normal. “Damn it.” His magic revealed nothing. Julian grew frustrated. He shifted away from the mirror and a creak sounded behind him.
It came from the second floor. Julian made his way to the staircase and paused at the foot of it. He looked up. Upstairs, a moan sighed and a shadow moved. Julian collapsed.
He woke on the couch, his test papers strewn across his chest. He was still holding his pen in his hand. “What the…?” He looked around but the house was normal, nothing out of place. He checked his watch and jumped. “It’s almost five? I lost time. I lost almost six hours.” Julian sat up, his head pounding with a splitting headache. “What’s going on?” 
Julian shook his head. “No, no, I know something was here. I know it.” He looked up the staircase but there was nothing there. He sucked in some air then exhaled. “Chris will be home soon. I better get dinner started.”
###
The front door opened and chimes jingled just outside the threshold. Julian smiled, looking up from his steaming pots. Chris suddenly appeared. Julian loved when he wore the wool hat. 
“Hey, babe!” Chris called.
“There’s the birthday boy!” Julian went to him and they embraced tightly, kissing.
“Let me get into a hot shower,” Chris said. “Get rid of the fishy smell.”
“Sure.” Julian put his hands on Chris’s hat, feeling the soft wool, then kissed him again before running his cheek against Chris’s. “Hurry. I’ve missed you today.”
“It’s only been a few hours.”
“I can’t help it.”
“I won’t keep you waiting…or maybe I should.” Chris ran his hand down Julian’s t-shirt.”
“You’re such a tease.” 
Chris licked Julian’s lips before rushing out of his grip and to the bathroom upstairs. Julian shook his head and returned to the kitchen to check on his dinner. 
About fifteen minutes later, Julian watched Chris come down the stairs, still slightly damp, a towel around his waist.
“Hey, how much time do I have?”
Julian made his way over to him. “Not much.” He wrapped his hands around Chris’s cheeks and kissed him. “You smell amazing.”
“Thank you.”
Julian slid his fingers around the edge of Chris’s towel, teasing it. 
“Don’t just tease me, baby,” Chris whispered into his ear. “Go for it. Take it. It’s yours.”
Julian pulled the towel with one finger and it dropped to the floor. He took Chris’s cock into his hand and stroked it once. Chris shivered, his mouth half opened, and a barely heard moan escaped him. Julia kissed him, slipping his tongue into his mouth as he gently stroked Chris again, just once. Then once more. He felt Chris getting hard in his hand and it sent his pulse racing.
He looked Chris in the eyes, nodded to him, and gently eased him onto the stairs. Julian climbed onto Chris, kissing his neck, his chest, down to his belly with the little trail of hair leading to the thatch of dark hair at his groin. He licked around the hair, nuzzling his nose in it, feeling Chris’s dick throbbing against him. Julian swallowed Chris’s dick down to the base. 
Chris moaned and leaned his head back as Julian sucked it slowly, up and down, licking the shaft, then teasing the head of his cock with his tongue. Julian went down on him again, all the way. 
“Oh God…” Chris gasped, his mouth opening in ecstasy. He grabbed the banister with one hand and pressed his other against the wall.
Julian’s mouth glided up and down, up and down, savoring his lover’s cock, making it slick, then stroking it with his right hand. He looked up at Chris and smiled. Chris gestured for him and Julian complied. Julian climbed the stairs on all fours, straddling his partner. Chris reached up and pulled Julian’s t-shirt off, then drew his mouth to his nipples, sucking each of them. Julian climbed up and Chris reached for his jeans, unbuttoning them. Julian helped, ripping off his belt and pushing the jeans to his hips. He leaned over Chris and fed him his cock.
Chris sucked long and slow, using his hand as an extension of his mouth while cupping Julian’s ass with his other. Julian bucked, using his strength to balance himself, pushing in and out of Chris’s mouth. Waves of pleasure shot through Julian as he inhaled and exhaled steadily. He looked down to watch his dick vanish into Chris’s mouth, then come back out. It was almost mesmerizing. 
Julian’s heart raced, he felt it pounding in his chest, his palms grew damp, and he felt a tingle down his spine. “Oh…Oh…Oh…Chris…Chris-to-pher…” He pulled up and crawled back down Chris’s naked, writhing body, one stair at a time. He shook off his pants and grabbed Chris’s ankles. He lifted his partner’s legs and raised his ass. Julian slid down on his belly and buried his face in Chris’s ass, rimming his hole with his tongue.
He licked and sucked, drooling on Chris’s twitching hole, teasing it with his tongue. He looked up from between Chris’s legs to see him closing his eyes and basking in the pleasure he delivered him. He loved to see Chris in pleasure; it turned him on even more. Julian’s dick throbbed uncontrollably, hungry for his lover. He loved taking Chris on the stairs, a spur of the moment act, a place that wasn’t the bedroom. Different places were a big turn on for Julian. He wanted to have Chris in as many areas of the house as possible. The back deck had yet to be christened. 
Julian grabbed his dick and stroked it hard. He spit into his hands and glided them up and down his dick, getting it wet. He climbed onto his knees and Chris held his legs up for him. Gently, he eased his dick inside of Chris, then gave him one quick thrust, closing his thighs around Chris’s body. 
“Oh, yeah,” Chris gasped. “Oh, baby, I love when you’re inside me.”
“Yeah, tell me how much…”
“So fucking much, baby. I need it…fuck me…fuck me hard.”
Julian gave him his wish and thrust again, then out. He then humped him hard on the stairs. Chris howled at first, then grit his teeth. His body shimmied and trembled, his hair fell over one of his eyes and wriggled there. It drove Julian crazy. He fucked him even harder. 
“Oh God…oh my God…give it to me!” Chris called. 
Sweat poured from Julian’s face, his hips bucked, and his belly pressed against Chris hard. The inside of him felt so good. 
“Yes…yes, right there…right there, baby.” Chris’s eyes shut tight and he flung his head back.
Julian grabbed Chris’s cock and jerked it quickly. He could feel him about to climax. “Ready, baby? Ready?” Julian called.
Chris could only nod now, his gasps of pleasure rendering him helpless. 
Julian jerked him one last time and Chris exploded in climax, screaming. Julian pulled out and came as well. The two of them panted and gasped. Julian fell onto Chris, and Chris wrapped his legs around him.
“I ‘m wiped out now,” Julian said, kissing his lover.
“C’mon, you could do it again in five minutes.”
“With you I’d be glad to…wait…what’s that smell…oh, shit!” Julian jumped up, pulling on his pants, tripping into the kitchen. He rushed to the oven and pulled it open. “Oh, no!”
Chris came around the corner, still naked. “What is it?”
“Dinner…it’s ruined. I’m sorry, babe.”
Chris laughed. “It’s okay…you gave me the best present I could ask for.”
Julian laughed back. He shut off the over and grabbed his cell. “I’ll call for pizza.”
“Sounds good.”
“It’s just as well. We need to get some rest tonight. We have to be up early for the esbat later tonight.”
“Oh, yeah, Saturday night. I almost forgot.”
Julian winked at him. “Happy birthday!”
Two




JULIAN and Chris took a nap after dinner. Entwined with each other, they slept lightly until eleven p.m., when their alarm woke them. They got up, showered together, and grabbed a duffle bag.
By eleven-thirty, they climbed into Julian’s car and drove across town to their close friend and fellow coven member, Geoff Kelleher. He lived on a private part of the beach that was the perfect place to hold their weekly esbats. 
They pulled into his driveway and got out, the lights on the front porch switching on with their presence and illuminating the entire yard. Julian carried the duffle bag up the flagstone path, and before he could reach the porch steps, the front door opened.
Geoff’s face lit up when he saw them. “Guys!” He stepped into the front yard and hugged Chris first before throwing his arms around Julian. “I’m so happy to see you.”
“You see us every week,” Julian laughed, mussing Geoff’s red hair with his free hand.
“I know but it’s always a joy.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Julian said with an eye roll. 
“Come in, you freaks.” Geoff led them through his home and to the back deck just off the kitchen. The backyard was lush and crowded with a garden full of fruit, vegetables and flowers. There were herb boxes and fragrant trees, the scent mixing well with the salt water in the air. A trail snaked through the backyard and to the edge of the beach, a small clearing opening like a doorway into the twilight, swatches of slate gray and midnight blue painting the horizon.
Julian dropped the duffle bag on the deck and unzipped it. He and Chris slipped into the dark blue hooded robes that were inside the bag. Julian pulled out a black velvet sack and handed it to Chris.
“Be right back.” Geoff headed back into the house and returned a few moments later in his own robe. He opened his mouth to say something, but the doorbell cut him off. He vanished again.
“Why does Geoff always seem so nervous on these nights?” Chris asked.
“I think he still doesn’t trust his powers. He sometimes goes into a trance during the ritual and his gift kicks in.”
“You mean he leaves his body during them?”
Julian nodded. “Only for a minute or two. He gets nervous that he can’t control it or the rest of his magic.”
“We’ve been doing this for years and he was born with his powers, just like the rest of us.”
“He’s the youngest of us and it took him a long time to accept what he was. He used to bury his powers, not use them. When I met him he denied he was a witch.”
Sadness filled Chris’s face. “I could help…”
Julian hushed him as Geoff returned with Noah Potter, Julian’s oldest friend and his right hand man in the coven…although that was slowly changing as Julian was training Chris to be co-leader of the coven.
As high priest, Julian decided the hierarchy of the coven, how they used their magic, for what causes, and how to keep their magic a secret from everyone in town. 
“Hey, Noah.” Julian gave him a warm hug. Noah was slightly shorter than him, and kept his dark hair cropped short just as Julian did, but, unlike Julian, sported a goatee. It suited him well, giving him a rugged edge. He had a tattoo of a vine of thorns coiling down the length of his right arm. 
“Good to see you guys,” Noah said. He slipped his backpack off his shoulders and pulled his blue robe out of it. 
“We’re just waiting for Troy and Jonathan,” Geoff said. 
“Those two are always late,” Chris said.
“They’re probably fucking again,” Noah said. “They’re like freaking rabbits.”
Julian laughed. “They’re in love. Nothing wrong with that.”
The doorbell rang again and Geoff rushed to let the last of the boys in. Julian looked up, sensing something was off. He started through the house, Chris and Noah following him. 
Curly-haired Troy Lockmore stood in the living room, his robe bunched in his hands. Glasses perched on his nose and his half-buttoned plaid shirt gave him that sexy nerd vibe. The snug fit of his shirt hinted at a broad chest and hunky shape. His eyes were red from crying.
“Troy, what’s wrong?” Julian asked. “Where’s Jonathan?”
Troy fought back his tears. “He never came home.”
“What?”
“He went out for his usual bike ride yesterday and hasn’t been back. He’s missing. I don’t know where he is. He hasn’t called or used his ESP to communicate with me. He always stays in touch one way or another. I’m scared…what if he’s hurt?”
“Why didn’t you come to us?” Julian asked. “We’re a brotherhood. We watch out for each other. We love you and Jonathan. We would have helped look for him.”
“Of course,” Chris said, taking Julian’s hand.
“I thought he’d just come home. Then when he didn’t, I tried to find him myself with my magic, but I don’t have enough power to cover a wide range. My weather power is useless for this.”
“Don’t worry.” Julian broke away from Chris and went to Troy. He put his arms around him and Troy put his head onto his shoulder, crying into his chest. “We’ll find him. We’ll ask the Goddess for help tonight and cast a scrying spell.”
Troy sniffled and nodded. “Okay…”
“I’m sure he’s okay,” Julian soothed. “Come, it’s almost midnight. Let’s go honor the Goddess and the circle.”
Troy nodded and slipped on his robe. He joined the others and the group headed out back. They moved through the garden, and fireflies danced around the trees. Chris stared at them in wonder. 
The white sand of the beach practically glowed in the light of the new moon. The guys walked over some small dunes and traveled along an old, ravaged fence that broke up the scenery. The sound of waves filled the air as they descended some sea cliffs to a small, private beach surrounded on three sides by the cliffs. 
They stopped just out of reach of the tide and formed a circle. Chris got on his knees and began emptying the contents of the velvet bag. He brought out four small lanterns with white candles inside of them. Julian, Geoff, Troy and Noah each took one and put them at the four points of the land—north, south, east and west, then lit the candles.
Chris brought out a knife with a black handle, its blade glinting in the moonlight, and a silver chalice. He handed both items to Julian, then, lastly, pulled out a copper bowl, some jars of scented lotions, and a bottle wine. He stood up and raised the hood of his robe.
Julian nodded and he and the others raised their hoods as well. He handed the chalice to Noah, who watched Julian kiss the black-handled knife, then point it up to the sky. Walking clockwise, Julian traced a circle in the sand, keeping the lanterns and his friends inside of it. 
The others joined hands as Julian and Noah faced each other, holding the tools of their trade in both hands. Julian nodded to Noah and looked up into the sky.
“We gather to honor the Lady of the Moon,” Julian called. “And her consort, the Horned One. We are the Blue Light Coven, ruled by the waters of the oceans and seas, fluid in our thinking and practice, gentle in our magic, and guardians of Raven Cove, a haven to our brothers of the Blue Light. We give thanks to Lady Habdonia, our Mother of both Heaven and Earth.”
Julian stepped up to Noah and plunged the blade into his chalice. Noah looked at him with sultry eyes. For a moment, Julian sensed a heat radiating off him, but soon shrugged it off when he caught a glimpse of Troy. Julian realized their circle wasn’t complete and it bothered him. He felt they weren’t as strong tonight. They were only complete at six members, and with Jonathan missing, the prayer just wasn’t the same. He felt obligated to keep the esbat as planned, but his heart searched for the missing soul as if it had been torn away from them. He only hoped Jonathan was safe and would return soon. Perhaps with his honoring of the Goddess, and despite their handicap, she would send good luck their way.
He pulled the knife out of the chalice and Chris let go of his coven brothers’ hands and took the bottle of wine. He glanced at Julian as if to ask him if everything was okay, then poured some wine into the chalice. 
Julian nodded to him and to Noah, taking the chalice from him. He raised it into the air, catching the moonlight. “We drink a blessing to the moon and its tides, to our circle, and our love. Together we are strong, may nothing ever break our circle.” Julian thought about that last line hard before taking a sip of the wine. He passed the cup to Chris, who took a sip and kept it going. 
The chalice stopped with Noah, who finished the rest of the wine and set the chalice down in the sand. He gathered the scented oils into his grip and slipped out of his robe and his clothes.
The rest of the guys did the same. They stripped their robes and clothes, the moonlight bathing their naked bodies in milky white. Noah opened one of the jars of oil and poured it into his palm. He passed the jar to Julian, letting it linger for a moment in Julian’s grip before letting go. 
Everyone rubbed their bodies with the oils and sat on the beach crossed-legged. They sat in silence, letting the scents fill them, relaxing them like an intoxicating form of aromatherapy. 
Geoff’s head titled back and his eyes fluttered. Julian knew what was going to happen, but before he could reach for him, Chris already had his arm around him. It was strange at first, seeing his lover, naked, with his arm around another man, but Julian knew it was out of pure love. He let Chris calm Geoff down, and there was a physical peace that fell over him. Geoff was in control and truly meditating without fear, all because of Chris. Julian filled with pride. 
That’s my man. 
For about an hour, midnight to one a.m., the boys meditated and cleansed their minds and spirits. They stood and dressed again, Julian bid farewell to the Goddess and her consort, and dismissed the energy the group had conjured. One by one, they blew the lanterns out.
“What about Jonathan?” Troy called, his lips quivering. 
“We haven’t forgotten,” Julian said. “I meditated on him the entire time. My thoughts have been with him the entire night. I beseeched the Goddess. We will try the scrying spell I’ve taught us. Geoff, do you have some black ink in the house?”
“Yep.” Geoff nodded.
“Cool. Can you get it? Chris, can you fill our bowl with some ocean water?”
“Sure.” Chris headed to the edge of the ocean with the bowl in hand.
Julian walked up to Troy and put his hand on his shoulder. “We’ll find out where he is. Or at least get a vision to help guide us.”
Troy said nothing; he simply nodded.
Chris returned with his bowl full of salt water and they waited for Geoff. A few moments later, he appeared with a small bottle of black ink. He handed it to Julian. Chris put the bowl down on the sand and Julian knelt down beside it, opened the inkbottle, and slowly dripped nine drops into the water. The group watched the ink swirl within the water, eventually turning it black. The moonlight reflected in it, wriggled as the water swirled. 
Troy jumped down to begin the spell, but Julian halted him. “Let Chris do it. He needs the practice and you’re too emotional right now. You won’t get a clear vision.”
Chris looked at Troy, some hesitation in his steps, but Troy got up and made room, his disappointment evident. Chris looked up at Julian, and their eyes met.
“It’s okay, Chris. Go ahead.”
Chris waved his hand over the bowl of black water. The surface rippled and images swirled. “Lady Habdonia,” Chris called with authority. “Give me your sight.”
The group watched over Chris’s shoulder, and Troy stood as close to the bowl as he could. The water whirled in a circle, flashes of scenes flickering inside of it. Chris couldn’t make any sense of them. He put his hand over the water again, attempting to direct it or steady the flashes, but they wouldn’t obey. Images of the beach winked, then vanished into the inky darkness, then pieces of the ocean, the daytime sky, the night sky, then the moon again…a blood-red moon formed.
Chris gasped and the visions ceased. The water stopped swirling.
“I’m sorry,” Chris said. “I’m not getting anything. The sight is clouded. We need to wait and try again another time.”
“Another time?” Troy said, his voice cracking. “The love of my life is out there somewhere and we just wait for another time?”
“Troy,” Julian said. “We’ll try again. We won’t stop…but you need to calm down. It’s been one night. Maybe he went to visit his parents.”
“He would have told me. He wouldn’t just take off and not tell me. Jonathan’s not like that with me. I know you guys think he’s flaky but something is wrong this time.”
“We don’t know that yet,” Julian replied.
“I know it!” Troy clenched his fist. Blue light glittered around his waist and floated up his arms.
Wind swept across the beach. Dark clouds appeared in the sky, engulfing the moon.
“Troy…!” Julian called. 
“Where is he?” Troy raised his fists into the air. Thunder cracked and the wind howled. “Something is wrong with him and none of you will help me!”
Cold, biting wind lashed the beach, throwing up sand. Icy pain washed over Julian and he stumbled. Rain poured suddenly, beating the sand, soaking the guys. Troy raged, screaming into the storm.
The inky water exploded out of the bowl in front of Chris, startling him as the bowl flipped into the air, ripped away by the howling wind. Lightning streaked across the sky, igniting the dark clouds in blue-white light. 
“Troy, calm down!” Julian cried, muted by the deafening storm. A cacophony of thunder and lightning assaulted the beach. 
Geoff and Noah fought to reach Troy, struggling against the wind, but it kept pushing them back. 
“Bring it down!” Julian called. “Bring it down…you’re out of control!”
Troy heard nothing. He screamed with rage, letting the storm express everything he’d been feeling for the last twenty-four hours. 
Julian spread his fingers, rain smacking him in the face, and called on his magic. His hands lit up with blue light, wind attempting to throw him off his feet, thunder bellowing in his ears, and pointed both of his hands at Troy. 
A flash of blue energy struck Troy and threw him to the ground. The storm stopped suddenly, clouds parting, wind dying. Troy stretched himself across the sand and cried. Julian went to him, cradling him in his arms.
“I’m sorry…” Troy whimpered.
“It’s okay…everything’s going to be okay. I promise. He’s all right. I can feel it. Now get some rest.”
Noah joined them both and helped Troy to his feet. “I’ll make sure he gets home okay. He’s overtired.”
Julian nodded. “Thanks, Noah.”
Chris and Geoff surrounded Julian, and Julian’s heart was pounding. The three of them hugged. 
“Quite an esbat, huh?” Chris said.
“An understatement.” Julian smiled, kissed Chris, then tousled Geoff’s hair. “Let’s clean up and get some sleep. Our circle needs some healing.”
Chris leaned his head on Julian’s chest as they walked back to gather their ritual tools. 

Three

STEAM rose in the air, filling the bathroom. Julian scrubbed Chris’s back with soap, then cradled him in his arms. He kissed the back of Chris’s neck, slid his hands up to his hair, and rubbed his head. He reached for the shampoo and squirted it onto Chris’s hair, massaging it in and letting the hot water wash over it. 
Chris melted in Julian’s safe embrace as the two of them let the water roll over them, their bodies one, their hearts connected. After a few more moments of basking, they switched the shower off and stepped out.
They toweled each other off and crossed the hall into the bedroom. Julian walked over to one of the windows and opened it halfway, letting the spring air waft into the room. A black raven flitted onto the sill and stared at Julian.
“Hello, my friend.” Julian smiled at it. It squawked once before flying off.
“Last night was really something, huh?” Chris asked.
Julian shook his head. “A close call. Troy is really hurting. I didn’t want to use my magic on him but…”
“You had to. He couldn’t control himself. I hate to say this, but maybe Jonathan doesn’t want to be found. Maybe he left Troy and couldn’t tell him the truth.”
“You might be right. I’d hate to think he would do it this way. He know leaving the circle without telling us it would leave a hole. We’re just a little bit weaker right now because of it. I know he’s disappeared for a weekend or two before but he usually did maintain his connection with Troy.”
“You mention us being a coven of blue light at every esbat, but I never thought to ask before…are there other colors of magic? Other covens with different lights?”
“Wow, I’m sorry, babe…I forget sometimes that you still have so much to learn. Yes…there are other colors of magic. We’re ruled by blue, the color of water and the sky, and it’s a cool color, very fluid. Our magic ebbs and flows like the tides. We sort have adopted our color based on where we were born, where the magic gets its energy. There are green covens, ruled by the earth, the fields and farms. They get their energy from forests and trees, and they’re very natural, no tools in their spells, just the nature around them…flowers, tree wands, stone circles. The purest color of all is white. It’s the closest to the Divine consciousness. Those that practice it are at peace with the universe. They are very spiritual and shun all personal use of their magic. They use it only to help others and our world.”
Chris smiled. “That sounds so exciting. I hope I get to meet some of those other covens.” A buzzing sound interrupted their conversation and Chris reached for his cell phone on the nightstand. “Hey…yeah, I’m leaving now.”
Julian looked up quizzically.
“Eric. I said I would have lunch with him today.” Chris threw on a t-shirt and a pair of jeans.
“Are you two going to eat crap for lunch again?” Julian slipped a hoodie over his head.
Chris laughed. “Yes, we’re going to that retro diner.”
“He’s so unhealthy.”
“That’s what he likes. He’s my best friend, and I let him pick the places. It’s not that often.”
“It’s gonna catch up with him. He’s won’t always be that skinny.”
“Okay, Dad.”
“Cut it out. Have fun. Tell him I said hi.”
Chris slipped on his sneakers and gave Julian a kiss goodbye. “I will. What are you going to do today?”
“I’m gonna paint down in the basement. It’s warm enough again finally and I’m feeling the urge.”
“That’s great. See ya later.”
“Don’t be too late. We’re having Maggie and Rosa for dinner tonight. It’s our turn.”
“I won’t!”
###
Chris drove over to Commercial Street, a corner of town filled with gimmicky restaurants, souvenir shops, kiosks, hot dog vendors and seafood shacks. The street was mostly for tourists. Of course, Eric spent the most time there. He loved junk food, video arcades, skateboarding and generally slacking off or appearing to. 
The two of them grew up together, right next door to each other. Eric was two years younger than Chris. They came out to each other as teenagers, and were each other’s first man-to-man encounter, some playful, mutual jerking off that didn’t lead to much else. There weren’t any romantic feelings, just a fun, thick-as-thieves friendship that witnessed many nights of dancing all night, drunken parties, skinny-dipping at the beach, and many other memories. 
Eric’s father owned a fish market in the town center, a perfect companion to Chris’s fisherman father. The fisherman and the fishmonger’s sons right next door to each other—it was the perfect scenario. The two families had worked together to create a successful life in Raven Cove, and they remained the closest neighbors and friends in town. 
The smell of fried food caught Chris’s senses as he pulled into the diner’s parking lot. Eric was waiting for him at the outside patio. He was wearing his favorite knit cap, a tank top, and a pair of jeans with holes in the knees.
Chris dashed over to the table. “Sorry I’m late. Julian and I got a late start.”
“I’ll bet you did.” Eric winked at him.
“It’s not like that.”
“No? That’s disappointing.”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s good to see you.”
“I know.”
“Stop being a dick.”
“I learned from the master.”
“Please. I’m never like you.”
“Oh, bullshit. Remember Sullivan’s Pub?”
“Don’t remind me. I had a little too much that night and that guy was an asshole.”
“You were so funny. Dude couldn’t pick his jaw up off of the floor.”
“Well…not my finest moment.”
“It was your best. Who are you kidding?”
Chris laughed out loud. “So how’s things with Danny?”
“Danny and I are done. He dumped me last week.”
“I’m sorry, Eric.”
“No biggie. He wasn’t the one, obviously.”
“Exactly. Mr. Right is out there for you.”
“Or Mr. Right Now. I’ll take either. Like him over there.”
Chris followed Eric’s gaze to a young man walking his dog. He was blond and blue-eyed, a jogging outfit hugging his body as if it was painted on. Chris shook his head. “One track mind.”
“My mind has many tracks. They just all end up in the same place.”
“That’s your problem. How’s a guy supposed to take you seriously if you don’t take yourself seriously?”
“Gee, Chris, wet blanket much?”
“I didn’t mean it like that. I mean, yes, there’s time to have fun, but maybe you need something more serious, too.”
“Christ I’m twenty-six, not forty-six. There’s plenty of time to settle down. Life is what you make it. You need to take it by the balls.”
“Right, but some guys want to know that you will settle down when the time is right. You can’t always be playing video games or working at a burger joint.”
“We can’t all be fisherman or have well-off boyfriends…”
Chris was quiet for a moment, then looked up at Eric, who was now scowling. “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to pick on you. I just worry about you. I love you. I want you to be happy.”
“I am happy. Besides, I’m not always a punk. I was going to tell you next time I was over your place with Julian around, but I’ll just tell you now. I’m starting the spring semester at Blackstone University. I’m taking graphic design classes. I’ll be at Julian’s school, might even see him.”
“Eric, that’s awesome!” Chris smiled widely. “I take back what I said…you don’t need me nagging you like your mother. You got this. I’m proud of you.”
“Thanks. See…you don’t have to worry. I’m hoping to get into animation down the road.”
“So cool.”
That was Eric for you, no secrets. He’d never had any from day one. Eric always told Chris exactly what was on his mind and didn’t censor it. Chris just wish he could be the same. He’d always wanted to tell Eric about his power. From the day he discovered he was a witch he wanted to tell Eric, but something held him back. He was afraid. Afraid of what his best friend would say or think. Would it scare him? He didn’t want Eric seeing him differently. He didn’t want to be feared. Just the thought of saying it out loud to him was terrifying. He would think Chris was crazy, or yanking his chain. And if he showed him the truth…what then…?
No, he couldn’t. Julian was right. It needed to stay a secret for their own safety. 
“Let’s celebrate after lunch,” Chris said. “What do you want to do?”
Eric’s eyes lit up. “Get ice cream!”
Chris laughed, not because the reply was ice cream, but because he was absolutely serious. “Ice cream it is.”
###
Geoff sat on the deck of the Raven Cove Yacht club and watched the waves. He nursed a fruity drink and enjoyed the sun on his face. Then he walked in.
He was so adorable, and the moment Geoff set eyes on his, his heartbeat a bit quicker and his face grew hot. He’d been seeing him for weeks now, a new member of the club. Geoff was a charter member. His family had been one of the first to settle in Raven Cove hundreds of years ago. It also helped found the yacht club, and he was a lifetime member. 
Geoff’s gaze followed the cute guy as he walked up to the bar and waited to be served. His hair was short and spiky, his skin was a beautiful shade of olive, and his eyes were a striking emerald. Geoff found everything about him irresistible. He’d even asked around and found out the man’s name was Josh.
If only he could just go up and talk to Josh, but Geoff was too painfully shy. It was almost a handicap. Men never seemed to come up to him, as they could probably smell the fear all over him. So Geoff pined away in secret, longing to be wrapped around Josh and his big biceps and broad shoulders. It was obvious he worked out. 
A few ravens flew overhead, screeching, startling Geoff. He almost took it as a sign. Actually, he did take it as a sign. 
This is ridiculous. I should go introduce myself. I can’t keep being afraid of every guy I find cute. 
“The ravens are right,” he mumbled and stood up, forgetting his drink. He moved across the deck, around tables filled with people enjoying the day and getting ready to sail. He nodded to a few familiar faces, smiled, but kept his eye on Josh, who had just received his drink. It was the same drink Geoff had been drinking. If that wasn’t a sign, he didn’t know what was.
Geoff was nearly at the bar, his palms damp, his heart pounding in his chest, his throat dry, and put on his best smile. He started to greet Josh when the guy’s cell phone rang. He reached for his phone and turned away. Geoff stopped short, biting his lip, swearing under his breath. He was about to lose his nerve. 
This time, the choice was made for him. Fate stepped in and Josh left the bar abruptly, his ear glue to his phone. He, too, left his drink behind and exited the bar in a hurry. Geoff hoped everything was okay for him. 
“Can I get you something?” the bartender called to him, her voice friendly, her smile bright. 
Disappointment washed through Geoff. He turned and managed a half smile. “Sure.” He took a seat at the bar, wishing Josh would return, but he knew he wouldn’t. Ravens, come back…I need another dose of courage. 
###
The last train into Blackstone pulled into the station and the man with the long duster coat and lush, dark beard stepped out onto the platform. A heat radiated off him. He exuded charisma and sex with every step. 
He walked across the train station. Women turned their heads to stare at him, and some of the men, too. He enjoyed every glance, every moment. There wasn’t another train to Raven Cove tonight so he needed a room for the night. Across the street from the station was a small restaurant. He made his way to it.
The waitresses practically fought over who got to serve duster coat man. The lucky one stood at his table, her face red, a nervous smile forming on it. “What can I get you?”
“I’ll have a steak—rare. I like things bloody.” He grinned up at her and winked. “And a beer.”
“Coming right up.” She didn’t even write his order down but he knew she wouldn’t forget it.
Duster coat man looked around the restaurant. It was rather plain and dark. The décor was mostly brown wood. Brick walls, hardwood floors, wooden beams and tables with brass finishes all made the place bereft of personality. It was not the usual upscale, gourmet dining he was used to, but it did have a slight appeal.
Across the restaurant, he spotted another man eating alone. The plaid shirt and jeans looked good on the man’s solid frame. He was strawberry blond with slight stubble around his face. Duster coat man liked the guy’s next-door look. It hinted at weekends working with his hands in a sprawling yard, smelling of fresh cut grass and soil, sweating from manual labor. Afterward, he would soak in a hot tub or use massage oil to bring relief to those sore, aching muscles.
The beer came first and duster coat man took each sip slowly, eyeing the strawberry blond across the way. He watched him drink beer after beer, his bladder filling up. Duster coat man smiled, growing smug and confident. His plans for the evening were already locked in. 
While eating his steak, he caught the strawberry blond’s eye briefly, then looked away. He finished his steak and saw him go to the men’s room. Duster coat man followed. 
Inside the men’s room, strawberry blond stood at the urinal, just finishing up. Duster coat man stood at the urinal next to him. He nodded to him and reached for the man’s cock.
“Hey, what the fu--!”
Duster coat man brushed his free hand across his face, a stream of dark purple light that only Duster coat man or other witches could see rippling across the man’s cheek. “It’s okay. You like it. You’re into it. In fact, you’ve been begging for this your entire life.” He didn’t know whether the man was gay or straight, and it simply didn’t matter.
He stroked his cock until he got hard, then pulled him close, kissing him, slipping his tongue into the man’s mouth. They pressed against each other, duster coat man jerking him slowly, then quickly. He let go of the man’s throbbing dick, licked his fingers, and reached for it again, getting it wet, squeezing the head gently.
Strawberry blond man moaned, closing his eyes. Duster coat man sucked on his ear, then ran his tongue down his neck, sucking on it, too. He whispered into his ear, “Why don’t you take me home with you and we can finish this.”
“Okay,” the man replied breathlessly.
“Good. You pay for both of our dinners and then let’s head for your car.”
They left the bathroom together and the man paid the bills. He led duster coat man out of the restaurant and to the parking lot around back. They hopped into the car and drove off, the setting sun casting the sky in three shades of red. 
Before long, they entered a large apartment complex and strawberry blond man pulled into his assigned space. He got out and duster coat followed him. The apartments were about as exciting as the little restaurant was. They entered an elevator and stopped at floor seven…lucky number seven. 
Strawberry blond unlocked his apartment and let them into a dark room. A nightlight glowed green in the galley kitchen at the back of the apartment. Strawberry blond switched on the main light and the living room came to life. It was a typical single man’s living room. A simple, solid-colored couch and a rectangle coffee table, a large screen TV and a stack of newspapers on the floor. A fish tank hummed in the corner. The galley kitchen had one bar top counter and two bar stools where he ate all of his meals. The white walls were pretty much bare except for a clock and one picture of his family, mom, dad, a sister and himself. 
“Tell me your name,” duster coat man said, putting his hand on his shoulder.
“Evan.” 
“Take me to your bedroom, Evan.”
Evan walked down the short hallway past a tiny bathroom to his bedroom. He flicked on the light, revealing a huge bed with a nightstand beside it strewn with fiction books, candy wrappers and loose change. There was a desk in the room with a computer and printer, and a chair with extra clothes thrown over it.
Duster coat man liked the size of the bed; it would make the night’s sleep a bit more comfortable. He took Evan’s hand and guided it to his crotch. He kissed him as Evan began playing with his rousing dick. He unbuttoned Evan’s plaid shirt one button at a time, then ripped it off, letting it fall to the floor.
He slid his hands under Evan’s t-shirt and played with his nipples until they hardened. Evan gasped as if it were the first time someone was touching him. He ran his beard along Evan’s neck, caressing and smelling him. He smelled a mix of beer and Polo cologne. He liked it. 
“Let’s get on the bed, Evan.” He took Evan by the hand and they sat on the edge of the bed together. Duster coat man slipped the coat off and let it fall to the floor. He ran his fingers through Evan’s hair and kissed him again, French kissing him, their tongues tickled each other. He slipped Evan’s t-shirt off and worked his lips down to both nipples, sucking on them, tickling them with his beard. 
Evan cupped the man’s head and basked in the pleasure, panting now. He wrapped his arms around the stranger and held on as he grabbed his crotch, rubbing his hard dick through his jeans.
“Take your jeans off, Evan, but leave your underwear on.”
Evan stood up and complied. Then duster coat man pulled him closer, bending him over his knees. “You have a nice ass, Evan. Mind if I play with it?”
Evan shook his head and the stranger slowly pulled his underwear halfway over his cheeks. He rubbed his ass, tickling his asshole. He slipped two of his fingers into Evan’s mouth. “That’s a boy. Suck on them. You’re going to get your own hole wet.”
He sucked on his fingers as the man reached under him and played with his dick. Duster coat man pushed his fingers in and out of his mouth until they were soaked. He then circled them around Evan’s asshole, getting it wet until he pushed them inside.
“Oh…oh…” Evan groan, then sighed. “God, that feels good…”
“You like that?”
Evan nodded. 
“Good.” He slid his fingers in and out, in and out, while jerking his dick. He pulled his fingers out, slapped his ass, then pushed them back in. “That’s a boy, get that ass nice and hungry.”
“Yes…oh…yes…”
He slapped Evan’s ass again, then eased him up, kissed him and pushed him down on the bed. He yanked his pants down and pulled out his hard cock. “Take my cock, Evan. Take it now.”
Evan swallowed it down as the stranger played with his dick, jerking it before sliding down beside him. They got into the sixty-nine position and sucked each other, savoring each other’s cocks, soaking them. Moans escaped both as they pleasured each other simultaneously. 
Duster coat man rubbed his beard over Evan’s balls, causing him to quiver, his legs buckle, and his ass twitch. He slapped his ass again and pulled out of Evan’s mouth before rolling him onto his belly. He buried his beard in his ass, rubbing it hard up and down his twitching hole. “Like that, Evan…huh? Tell me how much.”
“I love it…more…please, more…”
“That’s my boy. I’ll give you more. A lot more.”
He continued by licking Evan’s ass, spitting on his asshole and burying his face in it. Evan grunted, nearly screaming with the undeniable pleasure. Finally, when Evan could stand no more, the stranger climbed onto his knees, leaned in and slid inside of him. He thrust and Evan flinched, grabbing onto the covers. 
“Oh, God!” Evan cried out. “Fuck me…oh….fuck!”
He fucked him long and slow, thrusting in and out, taking it easy on his ass, pleasuring him as much as he could. He wrapped his arms around Evan’s chest and pulled him up, humping him the entire time. His right hand slid down to Evan’s still hard dick and stroked it.
 A little faster now. A little harder. He nibbled on Evan’s ear, blowing into it as he stroked him. He felt Evan’s heartbeat, its vibration spreading through him. He caressed Evan’s undulating body with purple light, using his magic to intensify the sensations. Evan’s entire body writhed, then shivered until he climaxed. Duster coat man held his cock as he did, feeling it throb and pump. 
Evan huffed, catching his breath, sweat dripping from him. He reached back and grabbed the stranger, who gently pulled out of him and came, sighing in pleasure. 
“Thank you, Evan.” He brushed his hand across Evan’s face again; purple shimmered from the tips of his fingers. “Let’s go to bed now. I have to be up early in the morning.”
Evan yawned and stretched out on the bed. He pulled up the sheets and climbed into the stranger’s arms, quickly falling asleep.
“Not long now,” duster coat man said. “I’ll be in Raven Cove very soon.”
Four 



JULIAN dropped the lobsters into the pots of boiling water and put on the lids. The front door opened and he spotted Chris gliding in.
“I’m back!” Chris called. 
“Fixing dinner in the kitchen. Maggie and Rosa will be here any minute.”
“Cool.” Chris rounded the corner into the kitchen and joined Julian at the center island. 
“Hi, sweetie.” Julian gave him a kiss.
“It smells great in here. What are we having?”
“Lobster. And I have potatoes baking in the oven.”
Chris laughed. “You always whip out the lobsters when you want to impress guests.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Oh, please…Tim and Laurel—lobsters. My parents—lobsters. There’s a smart one. Even on some of our holiday feasts with the coven boys—lobsters.”
Julian laughed back. “Well, you know…I have this boyfriend who gives me all the seafood I want…for free.”
“Really? He sounds like a great guy. I’d love to meet him sometime.”
“Okay, okay, so I use the lobster card a lot. Everyone loves them.”
The sound of the doorbell cut the rest of their banter short. 
“There they are,” Julian said. “Can you let them in? I still need to throw together a salad and put the garlic toast under the broiler.”
Chris waved him off and headed back to the front door. He yanked it open to find Maggie and Rosa standing there, smiling warmly. Maggie was holding a bottle of white wine and Rosa carried the trademarked red and white box from the Luciano Bakery in town.
“Hi, guys,” Chris beamed. “Come on in.”
Maggie was a vivacious blonde with blue eyes. She ran a yoga class that was very popular with tourists. Rosa was the quiet one, which was strange for a Latin woman. Chris expected her to be fiery and hot-blooded, but she was the opposite. She was shorter than Maggie and was a great cook. She did all the cooking when the boys visited. Rosa was an executive at the local TV network. She was responsible for getting some gay content on the local programming station. Maggie was very proud of her for that. 
“Chris!” Maggie said, “you look great. We came bearing gifts!” She handed him the wine, then nudged Rosa.
“This is a chocolate chip cheesecake,” Rosa said.
“Men seem to love cheesecake,” Maggie added. “All of our guy friends love it…our straight guy friends, our gay guy friends…all of them.”
Chris hooked his arm under the cheesecake as well. “Thank you so much. So nice of you. Julian’s in the kitchen, and dinner’s almost ready.”
They followed him to the kitchen to find Julian just finishing his self-proclaimed famous salad dressing. He stopped what he was doing and rushed to greet his friends. “My ladies! So good to see you.” He gave them each a big hug.
“He gets the hugs but I get the gifts,” Chris chirped. “Cheesecake for one!”
The room filled with laugher, the wine was poured, and the four friends enjoyed a succulent lobster dinner. Maggie and Rosa shared a house even closer to the water than Julian and Chris. They were two streets away from the boys on a cul-de-sac that ended at a beach entrance. It wasn’t an official entrance. The residents of the street used a trail through an old fence then crossed the sand dunes to the water. It wasn’t an official entrance but the town didn’t fight it. The residents had paid enough and were sort of grandfathered in. 
“So, don’t you boys have an anniversary coming up?” Maggie blurted after finishing her third glass of wine.
“Oh, my God, you’re right,” Julian feigned surprise. “I almost forgot.”
Chris eyed him with suspicion. “Yeah, right, like hell you did.”
Julian winked at him and touched his face. “Like I could forget being with you. Yes, Mags, next month.”
“How long’s it been?” she continued.
“Three years.”
“Wow, already? Time really does fly. It feels like just yesterday you were introducing him to us.”
“Well, time has really stopped for me,” Julian said, his gaze never leaving Chris. “He’s the best thing that’s ever come into my life. There is no time when I’m with him.”
Chris turned a shade of red. Julian took his hand and he remained speechless. 
“You guys are so sweet. Aren’t they, honey?” Maggie ran her fingers through Rosa’s curly dark hair.
“Absolutely. Every day should be a celebration.”
“That’s how I feel.” Julian agreed with her. 
“Anyone ready for cheesecake?” Chris blurted, trying to swing the attention away from him.
“And more wine?” Maggie added. 
“Sure.” Julian grabbed the bottle.
“Oh the Charity Dance,” Rosa said. “You guys are going right? The GLBT Charity Dance? I sent you the invitation but didn’t hear back.”
“This is her baby,” Maggie said. “I’m so proud of her. You guys are going, right? It’s the event of the whole season. Rosa’s worked so hard getting this put together.”
“We’re definitely going,” Julian said. “I’m sorry about the RSVP…we must have lost the invite, but we wouldn’t miss it. We’re going. We can’t wait.”
“Good,” Maggie said. “It’s in two weeks, on Friday night.”
“You can count on us. Let me write you a check for the tickets tonight. That way, we’re locked in.”
“You don’t have to tonight,” Rosa said.
“I insist.”
“Great,” Maggie said. “That’s settled, then. Now let’s get to that dessert.”
Truth be told, Julian had forgotten all about the Charity Dance. The invite had come three months ago. He’d meant to reply, but then his workload at school had grown, and there was managing the coven, the house, and giving his attention to Chris. He’d simply forgotten about it. He was back on track now, and he would make sure he and Chris attended with bells on. He was sure it would be a fun night to remember. 
###
Noah walked through the dunes, the moonlight showing the way to the beach. Behind him, Charlie, the guy he’d just spoken to online, followed him like a puppy dog. 
The tide was high as the two men reached the water.
“You first,” Noah said to him.
He watched Charlie strip off his clothes, first his button-down shirt, then his khaki pants, and, finally, his boxers. 
Noah grinned at him. “Nice.”
“Now you,” Charlie said.
Noah slipped his Henley over his head, then unbuttoned his jeans, wiggling out of them, using his right leg to push out of them and his shoes at the same time. 
“You’re hot,” Charlie said.  He moved toward Noah.
Noah stopped him, shook his head, and put up his hand. “Nah-ah, in there.” He pointed to the water.  
“Whatever you say, stud.” Charlie turned and started into the water. Noah noticed how cute his ass looked in the moonlight. He stepped into the water, one foot at a time, and flinched. “Shit! That’s cold.”
Noah laughed. “Still all hot and bothered for me?”
“You bet, come on and join me.”
He followed Charlie into the water and the two of them kissed, working their way away from the beach just a bit. The water was up to their waist now and they were quickly adapting to its temperature.
Noah grabbed Charlie’s bum and squeezed it, pulling him into his arms. “You have a nice ass.”
“Thank you, and you have an awesome body.”
“I try.”
They kissed again, exchanging tongue lashings, then Noah reached down and massaged Charlie’s balls. Charlie grew hard in his hands, enjoying Noah’s firm but gentle touch. 
Noah moved on to stroking Charlie’s cock as they kissed. Charlie worked his hand down to Noah’s ass and ran his fingers over his asshole. Noah winced and whispered into Charlie’s ear, “I don’t like that. My hole is off limits. Sorry.”
“That’s too bad. Mine’s not.”
“Good to know.” Noah slid his hand under the water and fingered Charlie’s asshole, then dunked under and took his cock into his mouth. His head bobbed back and forth until he needed to come up for air. 
Charlie sighed, then laughed. “That was cool.”
“Yeah.” Noah dunked him under the water and then let go of him.
Charlie came back up, spitting out water. “Oh, so it’s like that!” He lunged onto Noah, throwing him under the water. 
The two men frolicked and laughed, dunking each other, swimming together like fish. They wrapped around each other, diving, breaking small waves and bobbing in the water. They splashed each other and eventually got back down to business. They took turns jerking each other and sucking one another while under the water, coming up for air, taking breaths and then going back down.
Noah and Charlie moaned, groaned, writhed in each other’s hands, letting the water carry them and make them feel weightless as they brought each other to mutual climax. They embraced in each other’s strong arms and kissed, tasting the salt water mixing with their skin and manhood. The heat between them was strong and it was obvious Charlie was a bit smitten.
That was when Noah pulled away. He swam to the beach and walked out. He turned back to Charlie and waved. “Thanks. That was fun.”
“You don’t want to do some more moonlight swimming? It’s a gorgeous night. I would love the company.”
“I really can’t. I have to go. See ya.”
“Yeah…see ya.” The disappointment in Charlie’s voice was obvious.
When Noah was away from the water and in the midst of the dunes, he made sure he was totally alone, then called upon his magic. He lifted his hands and whirled them around his head. A shower of blue light sprinkled him and he vanished…
…reappearing in front of his condo. His teleportation gift power came in handy for wanting to travel home quickly. He unlocked his door and slipped in. A meow greeted him as a black cat leaped into his path.
“Hello, Nebula. Did you miss Daddy?” He stroked her head and scratched behind her ears. 
Noah walked through a condo decorated with seashells, minty-colored sea glass and starfish, and headed for his bedroom. He glanced at his alarm clock, nearly midnight, and went to his dresser. He fished around the inside of his underwear drawer, then pulled out a red candle in the shape of a man. He also fetched a small vial of oil and a bag of rose petals.
He assembled the items, then remembered the last thing he needed for his spell. Noah went to the lone nightstand beside his bed and yanked the drawer open. Inside was a framed picture. He turned it over and slipped out the photo. It was a photo of Julian. 
At his kitchen table, Noah put his spell into action. He stood the candle up in a bowl of salted water. He opened the small vial of oil and poured some of it into the palm of his hand. A strong rose scent filled his nostrils. He anointed the candle with the oil, then lit it. He sprinkled the rose petals into the salted water. The picture of Julian found its place flat on the table in front of the burning candle. Noah touched it briefly, then closed his eyes.
“Great Goddess, let him notice me. Let him think of me. Let him desire me. Horned One, god of the wild and of lust, let him have lust for me. Let him dream of me. Let him make love to me. May he come to me and choose me. Let him see no other but me. So mote it be!”
With that, he blew out the candle and stood up. Noah glanced at the picture of Julian one last time before heading for a shower. 
###
Julian climbed into bed where Chris was already sleeping soundly. He looked down on him, watching him sleep, thinking about how lucky he was. He couldn’t have asked for a sweeter guy, or a more honest and loyal partner. He brushed his hair gently with his fingers before lying down and pulling his sheets up. Just before he drifted off, Noah’s name popped into his head. But why? He hoped everything was all right. 
###
Evan woke to see the stranger putting his duster coat back on. The morning had come fast and he wasn’t quite ready for it. His body ached all over. 
“Will I see you again?” he asked.
“You might.”
“How will I know you? Who are you?”
He walked over and sat on the bed with Evan. He brushed his face with his hand. “You will not remember anything that happened last night between us. But you will remember my name. I am Sage. When you hear my name, you will come to me. Whenever I call, you will come.” 
“Of course.”
“Thank you, Evan,” Sage said. “Call me a cab to take me to the train station.”
“Done.” Evan jumped out of the bed naked and rushed for his cell phone.
Sage smirked as he headed out of the apartment and to the elevator to wait outside. 
The cab picked him up minutes later and dropped him off at the station. He just made the waiting train on the track and chose a seat next to a young man glued to his phone, music blaring inside of his ear buds. 
Sage brushed his finger across the guy’s arm. “Turn the music down. I’d like to get some sleep.”
The young guy complied, then returned to his phone.
The train pulled out of the station and its horn blared. Sage closed his eyes and put his feet up.
“Next stop—Raven Cove!” The conductor’s announcement put a smile on Sage’s face.
Five


CHRIS came home the next evening to find the house empty. Julian wasn’t home from class yet. He yanked off his fisherman jacket and wool hat and walked into the kitchen. He started to pull out some pots and pans to prep dinner for his hardworking partner when his cell rang.
“Hey!”
“Hey, babe.” Julian’s voice was cheerful and warm. “I’m afraid I’m gonna miss dinner tonight. The professor dumped this project on me that he needs first thing in the morning. I’m gonna wrap it up here, then be home. Don’t wait up.”
“Sure, no problem. I’ll miss you tonight.”
“Me, too. I’ll see you later. Have a good night.”
“You too, handsome. See you later.”
Chris hung up and started in on some dinner. Julian was a much better cook. Chris would just throw together some pasta with garlic oil and grated cheese. Maybe a salad. He looked in the refrigerator. “Score--romaine lettuce and some arugula.”
After eating, Chris showered and parked himself in bed, watching TV. The sun set and the house grew extremely quiet. An owl hooted outside of his window and the moon rose, a curtain of light shimmering through the window behind him. His eyes grew heavy and he slid down on the pillow. Moments later, he was asleep. 
Hours later, a strange sensation woke Chris. He felt his underwear sliding down his legs and someone finger-tickling his balls. His mind was fuzzy. He tried to open his eyes but it was so difficult, and his vision was hazy. He felt hands on his legs, sliding up and down them. The hair on his arms stood up and he grew aroused, his dick getting hard. 
He felt someone massaging his legs, then his chest. Chris reached out to touch, but something held his arms down. Warm lips slid down his belly and to his dick. A tongue teased him, circling the head of his dick, then stopped. Chris’s eyes fluttered, he blinked, then again. He caught a glimpse of the room, but he couldn’t see anyone. He felt the weight of someone pressing against him. 
“Oh, Julian,” he moaned. It had to be Julian. There was no one else it could be. Hands explored him, rubbing his ass, teasing his hole. Lips brushed against his own lips and his cock throbbed. Someone stroked it now. “Yes…baby…yes…”
Chris’s body grew hot. Perspiration dampened his brow. He wiggled on the bed as a hot mouth swallowed his dick. His arms were still held down on the bed. His eyes were so damn heavy…but he loved every moment, loved being taken, restrained. The mouth pumped his dick fast, then slow. Fingers brushed through his hair. He could almost smell something, someone…it wasn’t Julian’s usual cologne…but that wasn’t possible. Was it? 
“Julian…Julian…oh my God…” Ecstasy washed through him. His entire body tingled. Heat burned in his groin. The teasing drove him crazy. Having sex while half awake was always so much fun…it was like someone else was ravishing him…some stranger…someone…nearly there…nearly ready to explode…the sex was raw, rough, dominate…not Julian’s usual… 
“More…baby…more…almost there…”
“Baby, I’m home!”
It stopped. Chris’s eyes shot open. There was no one in the room with him. He heard Julian’s footfalls on the stairs.
“What the…?” He looked around. He was the only one in the bedroom, naked and rock hard.
Julian popped in the doorway, a huge bouquet of flowers in his hand. “I’m sorry I’m so late. I brought you some flowers.”
“They’re beautiful!” Chris beamed. 
“Whoa, looks like you’re all hot and bothered.”
“I just had the hottest dream…at least, I think it was a dream. I thought it was you. I wished it was you—working me over. It was so real.”
“I can take care of that for you now, Christopher, for real.” Julian set down the flowers, unzipped his windbreaker and went to the foot of the bed. He got down on his knees and went down on Chris immediately. 
Chris leaned back on the bed, enjoying Julian’s hot mouth. Waves of pleasure ran up and down his shaft. Julia sucked him, going down and up, sliding his tongue up his shaft, around the head, and down again. He licked Chris’s balls, nestling his lips and nose into them. Chris writhed and moaned, his breathing growing heavier, faster. 
Julian slid his face down Chris’s balls to the edge of his asshole and licked. Chris writhed, grabbing hold of Julian’s head and pushing it down hard. “More…baby…more…feels so fucking good.”
Chris abruptly rolled onto his belly so Julian could get a better hold of his ass. Julian obliged, burying his face between his cheeks, tonguing him, soaking him. “God… God…more…more…”
“Hungry tonight, baby?” Julian asked, his breathing heavy now, too. “You want more?”
Chris closed his eyes and nodded. “Yes, Julian…give it to me.”
Julian got off his knees and went to their nightstand. He pulled open the drawer and took out a small bottle of flavored body oil. He opened it and slowly squeezed a stream into the small of Chris’s back. He watched the oil slide down Chris’s spine to the nape of his ass, running over his ass cheeks. Julian ran his tongue down Chris’s back and to his ass, licking the body oil up, savoring it, smearing it over Chris’s twitching asshole.
“Mmmm, strawberry,” Julian said as he returned his mouth to Chris’s. 
“Yesssssss,” Chris sighed. 
Julian returned to the nightstand and slipped out a red dildo. He took hold of Chris’s waist and slid the toy between his cheeks. He teased Chris’s ass, running the toy around his hole. Julian smeared the oil onto the dildo and slowly eased it into Chris.
“Oh, God, yes…” Chris groaned, curling his toes. His nipples were hard, his dick was wet with anticipation. 
Julian slid the toy in and out of him slowly with a firm but gentle hand. Chris’s mouth opened in a silent moan of ecstasy. He turned his head over his shoulder and caught Julian’s eye. He stared into his lover’s eyes and nodded. Julian slid the toy in deeper. “That’s it, baby, right there…right there.”
Chris squirmed, a deep tingling swarming in his solar plexus. He closed his eyes tight and felt Julian slide his hand across his belly and grab his dick. Julian stroked as he fucked Chris with the toy…slow, then fast, slow, then fast. Chris dropped down on his elbows, laying his head on the bed and allowing the pleasure to take him, nearly pushing him into another state of consciousness. 
“Oh, baby, baby, baby…” Chris cried out in the throes of ecstasy. He panted, sweat dripped down his face. His heart pounded against his chest. A few moments later, Julian’s attention fixed on his partner’s ass, Chris yelped, and his sighs grew more high-pitched as he came, exploding through Julian’s loving grip.
Julian stopped and kissed Chris’s lower back, then slowly pulled out the toy, setting it down on the bed. He cradled Chris in his arms and kissed him, feeling his hot skin against his face, the smell of sex all over him, his body still trembling as it settled down. 
Sweat glistened on Julian’s hand after running it through Chris’s hair. He kissed him. 
“Want me to take care of you now?” Chris asked.
“No, baby, that’s all right. That was just for you.”
“My God, that was good…I loved what you did at the end there.”
“Yeah, it was fun watching you. What was that you were saying about a dream?”
“God…it was so real. It was like someone was in the room with me. I woke finding my underwear pulled off. I guess I could have done it myself.”
“Hmm.”
“What?”
“A few days ago I felt a presence in the house, or what I thought was a presence. Like someone was watching me. Did you feel that?”
Chris nodded. “It definitely felt like someone was watching.”
“Yeah, something’s up. It’s weird. Both of us felt someone in the house. Might be a wayward spirit or…something more negative. I think we should protect the house.”
“You mean like a salt barrier?”
“Exactly.”
“Let’s do it.” Chris jumped off the bed, cleaned off, and got dressed. 
He and Julian headed downstairs where Julian grabbed their canister of household salt. Outside, Julian walked around the house and poured the salt around the foundation of the house. Chris followed behind him.
“Okay,” Julian said. “Take my hand. Now focus on a ring of white light surrounding our house.”
“Gotcha.” 
Chris took Julian’s hand and closed his eyes. He could clearly see a ring of white light surrounding their home. He imagined ghosts being blocked from their house, unable to sneak into their windows, their attic, their basement, beneath the doors. He felt a peaceful energy filling him, and it caused him to lift his arms.
“Lady Habdonia,” Chris said. “Protect our home. Bar all negative thoughts and energy. Allow only positive energy, peace and love. We beseech you, lend your power to our circle of protection. So mote it be!”
Chris opened his eyes to see Julian smiling at him. “That was awesome,” he said to Chris. “You did so well. You’re getting really good at the spell casting. See, I told you it would help focus your power.”
“You were right. I really like having a way to tune it.”
“Well, hopefully, that will prevent anymore visitations. Let’s go to bed.”
They started back inside and Julian’s cell rang, vibrating inside of his pocket. He reached down and pulled it out. 
“Hey, Noah, what’s up? Everything okay? It’s late.”
Julian’s face was a mask of concern. Chris knew something was wrong.
“Okay, we’ll be right over.” He hung up and turned to Chris. “It’s Troy. He’s freaking out over Jonathan again. He threatened to go off on his own, using his magic to snuff out whatever’s going on. Troy’s convinced dark magic is at work. We need to go to Troy’s. Geoff and Noah are there.”
“What can we do? I mean, if Jonathan left on his own…”
“Yeah, I know. If he’s blocking us with his ESP, then we can’t locate him with scrying spells or telepathy spells. I have an idea, though. Let’s get going.”
They grabbed some jackets inside the house and headed for Julian’s car.
###
“You don’t care,” Troy said, a little more calmer now than when Noah first found him. “It’s been days and none of you care about where he is.”
“That’s not true,” Julian said, entering the house with Chris behind him. “We’re all here, Troy.”
“Then why haven’t we found him?”
“I don’t know, Troy, but we’ll look into it.”
“Look into it? He’s not some project of yours or some missing dollars on a bank statement. He’s my partner. My love. I’ll tell you why we haven’t found him--because something darker is working here. It’s close to Raven Cove and it has him. He wouldn’t just leave me like this, without explaining…”
“We’re going to get to the bottom of it,” Julian said. “I have a new plan.”
“Good,” Troy said softly, plunking himself down on his couch.
Geoff walked over to Julian and Chris and gave them each a hug. “Hi, guys. Good to see you.”
“You, too,” Chris said.
Noah walked out of Troy’s kitchen with some tea. He handed it to Troy. “Hey.” His eyes lit up when he saw Julian. He walked over and gave him a hug, then one to Chris.
“Can I talk to you?” Noah asked Julian.
“Of course.” They walked into the kitchen, away from the others. 
“He really feels neglected on this.”
“I’m trying my best.”
“Are you? Look, I know that you’re giving all of your attention to Chris, and I know he needs training and you’re doing that on top of everything else, but your circle needs a little more of your attention.”
“I haven’t been neglecting my circle. We meet every Saturday night. I took his plea seriously. Noah, have you thought about how Jonathan might not want to be found? I mean, he used to go from guy to guy.”
“This is different. He went out on a ride and didn’t come back. Don’t you find that strange?”
“Okay, I admit it is. I have a new plan.”
“Great.”
“Now let’s go get started.”
“Okay, Jules.”
Julian smiled. “You haven’t called me that since high school.”
“Just popped into my head.” Noah smiled back. 
“Uh-huh, No-ahhhh. Let’s help Troy.”
Noah put his arm around Julian. “Cool. Just don’t let our circle remain broken.”
“I don’t intend to.”
They walked back into the living room where Julian addressed the others. “Guys, we’re all different. We’re witches and wield magic, harnessing the blue light to move matter, or use energy bolts, but more than that. Each of us is special. We each possess a gift the others don’t. That’s what makes our circle strong. Troy, you can manipulate weather. Noah can teleport almost anywhere. Jonathan has ESP and can communicate with any of our minds, and Geoff can astral travel through this world and beyond. We need to use our combined gifts to try to find Jonathan. And I think we need to start with Geoff.”
“Me?” Geoff swallowed air. 
“That’s right,” Julian said. He walked over to Geoff and put his hands on his shoulders. “Don’t be afraid of your gift. We’ll help you.”
“Okay…”
Chris took Geoff’s hand. “It’ll be okay. Like at the esbat the other night.”
Geoff smiled and nodded. 
“Good,” Julian said. “Let’s get prepared.”
They gathered in Troy’s bedroom. Geoff lay down on the bed and the others sat around him, holding hands. The only light in the room was a host of candles in different shapes and sizes. 
“Now,” Julian began. “Regulate your breathing. We’ll all send our thoughts of Jonathan to you. When you’re ready, slip out of your body and we’ll watch over you.”
“I’m ready.”
Geoff closed his eyes and …
###
A feeling of weightlessness came over him. Geoff saw the ceiling of the room getting closer and closer. He looked down and saw his body and all of his friends sitting around him. At first, he felt a strong pull at the center of his being, but it was quickly replaced with a sensation of flying. It was always like that, and it always spooked him as if the was just going to fly off into oblivion and not be able to get back into his body.
He slowly moved toward the ceiling and went right through it like a ghost. The entire horizon appeared in front of him, a vast expanse of stars and water. The stars were brighter with his new eyes, as was the moon. Everything was crystal clear and sharp, as if the imperfections of Geoff’s physical world were simply falling away. He began to move toward the water. 
It was always a little unstable at first. Geoff couldn’t quite choose a direction or control his astral self. He sort of thought about the direction or stared intensely at the way he wanted and he would fly there…sometimes slow, sometimes fast…too fast, like the blink of an eye. 
This time he floated slowly toward the sea and watched the land below glide by, houses, cars, buildings, treetops, sea cliffs, water, lots of water. He looked down at himself and examined his astral body. He was so fascinated by it. He seemed to be made up of light, little amber points of light that formed a simple outline of his body. He couldn’t touch himself or anything else; he could only observe and listen. Sometimes he heard real-life sounds, and sometimes the thoughts of others. Once in a while, but only rarely, he thought he heard what might be the sounds of the universe--strange echoes and strange ringing that he couldn’t find a source for.
He stopped over the ocean, then looked up. He only had the thought for a second—what would space look like?—and then he found himself going straight up, faster than he wanted.
Geoff blazed upward at the blink of an eye and saw a vast darkness fall around him before it was lit up with the most magnificent lights…thousands of lights. Stars, suns, planets as far as the eye could see. He shot toward space, bright light engulfing him, unable to stop when the thought finally caused him to freeze in mid-air, stuck at the threshold of the cosmos, floating in the midst of Earth’s atmosphere. 
Jonathan. 
He dropped down, free-falling back to land and sea, and stopped over Raven Cove again. The thoughts of his friends came into his mind. “Jonathan. Where is Jonathan?” 
Where am I supposed to even start looking? The world is huge. He could be anywhere. 
Geoff was right. There was no way of telling where Jonathan could be, and it could take years of searching. He began in his own town. 
He floated down closer to the roads and skimmed around. He focused and got a clear visage of Jonathan in his mind’s eyes—his contagious smile, his wide, bright blue eyes, his blonde hair, the birthmark on his chin, the freckles across his nose. With the image locked in his mind, he searched on what seemed like a futile mission.
Geoff tried to search his friend’s favorite places…the scenic road along the sea, the vista points, the sea cliffs, the woods along said cliffs, the bike trails in the park and state forest. He even checked the network of underwater caves across the shores of Raven Cove. 
Where are you Jonathan? I can’t even find your bike. Your favorite bike. He worked his way inland, checking ports and docks, then he checked the bars and hotels, and Jonathan’s favorite restaurants. He checked alleys and commercial buildings, construction sites, and under bridges, but there was no sign of him. No clues. Nothing. 
God…where are you? I can’t stay out for too long…my body might think I’m dead. 
Some more searching came up empty and Geoff decided it was time to return to his body…the sun was coming up. He pulled himself back and thought of his body. A few moments later, he was soaring over the beach and to Troy’s home. He came into his bedroom through the door and his friends were still sitting around him, ever diligent. 
He moved into his body again and his eyes popped open. He caught his breath and gasped. “Ugh…” he tasted something weird in his mouth, both sweet and rancid at the same time.
“Well?” Troy asked.
“I’m sorry…nothing yet. No sign of him…I didn’t get any trail or residue of his essence like I sometimes do, but that doesn’t mean…”
“Where the hell is he!” Troy raged. 
Chris went to him, putting his arms around him. “He’s all right…if he was dead, Geoff would have noticed. He would have seen evidence of his ascension…his connection to the universe.”
Troy looked over at Geoff. “Did you see that? Anything like that?”
“No.” Geoff sat up and crawled over to Troy. He put his hands to the side of Troy’s head, feeling his soft curly hair, and put his forehead against his. “I will look again. I promise. I only covered most of Raven Cove. There’s a big world out there, and no, he was not gone from it. He wasn’t part of the universe. I would have felt it.”
Troy began to relax again. “Okay…I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
“No, I get it,” Geoff said. “He’s the love of your life.”
“At least you get it. At least someone gets it…”
Troy put his arms around Geoff and the two friends embraced. 
“I’ll try again. I just need some recharging. I’ll check every night until I find some sort of clue. He’s out there, Troy. I can feel it.”
“Thank you.”
Chris patted Troy’s back. “You need to get some rest. We’ll go now.”
Julian took Chris’s hand, then looked up to see Noah staring at him. He started back outside with Chris. Noah and Geoff followed them.
“Our circle needs us all, now,” Noah said as he hopped into his car.
Geoff cocked his head at him, then gave a hug to Julian and Chris before getting into his car.
“What did he mean by that?” Chris asked.
“He’s worried that we’re growing weak. That I’ve not been nurturing enough.”
“It’s because of me, right? You’re spending all your time teaching me the way and not finding Jonathan.”
“I don’t believe that,” Julian replied. “We’re doing fine. All of us are doing our part. We’ll find Jonathan if he wants to be found. We have no idea what’s been going on between Troy and Jonathan. We just need to keep focus and not let this divide us.”
“It will never divide us.” Chris kissed him.
“We have to remember we have a higher calling to protect Raven Cove and the blue light.”
“Of course. Let’s get some sleep, or you’re going to be a mess in class tomorrow.”
“Ha, ha, always looking out for me.”
Julian started the car and drove away from Troy and Jonathan’s home.
###
Geoff was exhausted when he got home. He collapsed on his bed and started to fade when he thought of Josh again…his secret crush.
The next thing he knew he was floating outside of his body again. 
Uh-oh…what the heck…?
His mind’s eye conjured a vision of Josh…his beautiful skin color, his spiky dark hair. Geoff glided through the walls of his home and across the beach. He sailed through the park and on the other side saw a row of brownstones. He floated up to the third floor of the oldest one and saw Josh rising from his bed. He was wearing nothing but his underwear. 
I shouldn’t be doing this. This is creepy, isn’t it? Yes…it is…but he’s so beautiful. 
Josh got out of bed and went to his bathroom. He splashed his face with water, and then walked across the hardwood floor and snatched the pot from his coffeemaker and poured himself a cup. He poured himself a bowl of cereal and sat at the table.
That’s my favorite cereal! 
Geoff watched Josh put on a pair of glasses and start reading from the pile of comic books on his kitchen table.
Oh, he needs glasses to read. I didn’t know that or that he reads comics! That’s awesome. 
Josh flipped through the comic books as he enjoyed his cereal. He made it through an entire issue about the same time he finished his breakfast. Putting the dishes into his dishwasher, he headed back to his bathroom to take a shower. He reached for his briefs and pulled them--
Geoff turned away. I shouldn’t be doing this…why did my spirit want to come here? I can’t watch him shower; it’s just wrong. 
He floated back to the kitchen and stared at the pile of comics on the table and the box of cereal on the kitchen counter.
Okay, okay I get it. My unconscious is trying to tell me something. Showing me the things he loves. Giving me an in. I get it…I’ll ask him out. I swear! 
Geoff soared through the roof of the brownstone and headed home, whirling through clouds and disturbing a pack of seagulls. 
Six



JONATHAN blinked, straining to look around the room, the stone pressing against his face and head. It didn’t quite hurt, but it wasn’t the most comfortable thing, either. 
The stasis Sage had put him in had left him without thirst or hunger. It was as if time had stopped on his body, leaving him perfectly safe and healthy. He simply existed. Trapped, but existing. 
He hadn’t seen another person in weeks. Sage hadn’t been back to check on him or anything. Why did he want him out of the way? Who was he? What did he want with Julian? Jonathan had tried sending his thoughts out to Troy, but to no avail. There was no response, nor could he hear anyone else’s thoughts. He wasn’t quite sure where he was. 
The only memory he had was riding his bike around The Cove, and a stray thought coming into his mind--someone’s else thoughts. They were exciting and a bit angry. He took a trail out of town, following it to higher elevation, away from Raven Cove and the sea. 
In no time, he’d found himself in unfamiliar territory, the sun was setting and the thoughts were growing louder. There were more voices in his head. Then something really strange happened…a glowing doorway opened, and without thought, he rode through it. He saw a wooded area and a clearing. A glowing red bonfire glowed behind the trees. 
Jonathan moved in for a closer look. He saw at least six figures draped in black robes. They were chanting words he could not understand, and within their circle made of ashes he saw an array of bleached bones, animal carcasses, black stones, goat horns and what looked like pools of blood. Before they could finish their ritual, he felt intense pain on the back of his head.
After that he woke here in this non-descript room, confronted by a handsome, bearded man. As handsome as he was, Jonathan knew there was something sinister stirring in his heart. 
Jonathan focused on the man’s face, a man named Sage, although that was still unknown to Jonathan as his telepathy gift was blocked from reading Sage’s mind. He got a good visual of his smoldering looks with magnetic eyes and perfect smile. The hair the color of ebony and a sexual energy unlike any man Jonathan had ever met. He sent the visage of this man out into world. If he could not send his thoughts, maybe he could send pictures. He hoped Troy would somehow see this image or any of the others of his circle. Then if this guy showed up in Raven Cove meaning harm, they’d recognize him and be forewarned.
Poor Troy. Jonathan thought he must be a complete mess by now. He must be so worried. Jonathan’s heart sank. He didn’t want his partner to suffer like he was sure to be suffering now. If only he could reach him somehow, someway. Maybe the image of Sage’s face would reach him. Jonathan hoped. He prayed. 
###
“So you haven’t asked him out yet?” Chris asked and laughed. He was talking to Geoff on his cell when he spotted Julian coming into the living room. “I know…I know it’s scary the first time, especially when you really like someone.”
Julian gave him a wave and scooped up a bunch of textbooks off the coffee table. He vanished into the kitchen. 
“Listen, this is what you do next time you run into him,” Chris continued. “This works great at the market. Be sure to find out next time he’s gonna shop there. I know...yes…use your astral projection. Listen…you need all the help you can get.” Chris laughed out loud.
Julian shook his head and smiled as he took a seat at the kitchen table. He started browsing through the books. He could still hear Chris telling Geoff his surefire way of picking up a man. Julian liked that Geoff reached out to Chris and confided in him. He was finally becoming a solid member of the coven, and it was a great feeling.
Chris appeared in the kitchen doorway. “Geoff is about to ask Josh out. It’s so exciting. He’s hoping they’ll go to the Charity Dance next weekend.”
“You and Geoff are pretty close. It’s great. The guys love you. They come to you for advice and everything.”
“Yeah, Geoff and I have a lot in common. I talked to Troy earlier, too.”
“How is he?”
“Okay. But I can tell he’s keeping a lot inside. He’s not sleeping well at night. Must be awful not knowing where your partner is, not hearing from him. If that happened to you, I don’t know what I would do.”
“Hmm,” Julian was quiet. “Have I been insensitive to Troy? You’re right…if you left without saying anything, I would move hell and Earth to…”
“No, no…I know you’re doing the best you can. We’ve used all of our magic to try to find him. He’s got to be blocking us. Troy needs to work through this now. We just need to be sympathetic.”
“I try but I can’t help but think that Jonathan was always a little flighty. Always taking off somewhere. He was the last one to join our circle before you, and only because Troy brought him in. It’s sort of obvious he grew tired of Troy and decided to move on. He seemed a free spirit, you know? Not wanting to be tied down. And with his telepathy gift, he always knows what Troy is thinking. That’s not always good.” Julian smiled.
“I’ll bet. Partners need their private thoughts.”
“You got it. Why don’t we have Troy over for dinner? Keep him occupied. You can give him a call. Maybe this week?”
“Great, I’ll give him a call.” Chris rubbed Julian’s shoulders. 
 Julian basked in Chris’s touch. “Cool.”
“Why do you think my gift power hasn’t manifested?”
“Where’d that come from?”
“Oh, thinking of Geoff’s astral projection and then Jonathan’s mind reading.”
“Well, it’s different for everyone, but usually it sticks when you’re emotionally ready. Mine didn’t firm up until I was thirty.”
“Really? You never even told me what yours is. You never use it.”
Julian stalled for a bit. “That’s because it’s not that useful.” He looked up at Chris. “I can conjure illusions. Make people see something that isn’t there. It can mess with people’s minds but that’s about it. It’s more of a defensive power. Like this.” He put one hand over Chris’s and pointed to the corner of the kitchen with his other.
Over in the corner another Julian stood, an exact copy of himself. Chris gasped. “Wow, that’s cool.”
“Yeah, well, that’s about all it is.” Julian waved his hand and the copy of himself vanished. “It’s not real.”
“Well, it’s still cool.” Chris removed his hands from Julian. “At least you know what yours is.”
“Yours will come, my love. I think pretty soon. I can feel your magic getting stronger.”
“Really?” Chris smiled but wondered. When he was young, he could remember being able to control the weather now and again, especially when he was out on his family’s boat. It was never consistent, but it did happen. Then there was that time he teleported just like Noah, just once. He was being chased by some bullies from school and wished he was home, across town, and poof…he was. It was the only time he was able to do that, during times of extreme stress. Would he be able to do it again? Did he have a gift like one of the guys? Or did he even have more than one? Was it even possible?
“I hope it comes soon. I want to do my share,” Chris said.
“You already do,” replied Julian. “More than you know.” Julian reached up and kissed Chris.
“Don’t forget, I’m meeting Eric out for some dancing tonight. I’m gonna run and take a shower.”
“Okay, babe, have fun tonight.”
###
As luck would have it, Josh stopped in at the gourmet food market downtown. Geoff made sure to know when he would arrive there and then swore he would not spy on him again. He raced across down, away from the beach and to the market.
The small shop was crowded with imported foods, jars of pricey olives, peppers, and oils lined the shelves. The little deli corner had Parma ham, prosciutto, cured meats, organic beef and chicken.
There were all kinds of cheeses from all over the world, expensive wines and chocolates, and organic vegetables. The market usually had a large tourist client base and catered to some of the more well off locals. It was just a bit too pretentious for Geoff to shop there, not to mention he could never afford to buy from there on a weekly bases. He was a bit surprised that Josh shopped there. It didn’t seem to fit his other interests and lifestyle.
Geoff grabbed a shopping basket and quickly tossed in a bottle wine, a jar of olives, some capers, and a few lemons. He waltzed into the next aisle and saw Josh checking out some gift baskets full of cheeses and cured meats. 
He got closer to him and casually bumped into him. “I’m sorry. Excuse me.”
“No problem.”
“You know, since I have your attention--do you know anything about wine?”
Josh looked and smiled. “A little bit.”
“Does this wine go with fish? I’m not really an expert on these things.”
“I think so. It’s white, so that’s usually a good pairing. I’d drink it.”
“You would? Great. You know…it’s funny, I have this great meal to make tonight but no one to share it with. Hey, if you’re not doing anything, would you like to join me?”
Josh smiled again. “That’s nice of you, but I’m sorry. I have plans tonight.”
“Oh.” Geoff’s disappointment was obvious. He looked down at his basket and started to move away from Josh. “That’s okay.”
“But I’d love to take you out to dinner this week. Would that be okay?”
Geoff’s heart surged. So many thoughts raced through his mind. “Ah...ah…sure. That would be great.”
“Cool, here’s my number.” Josh pulled out a business card and handed it to Geoff. “Give me a call tomorrow. Let me know when you’re free.”
“Okay...I’m Geoff.” He put down the basket and put his hand out.
Josh took it. “Josh.”
“Good to meet you.”
“Same here. Thanks for running into me.” Josh winked at him.
Geoff felt his cheeks warm up, and he knew he was blushing. “Um, sure, and thanks for the help with the wine.”
“No problem. Talk to you soon.”
Geoff walked the opposite way, almost forgetting his basket. He ran back and picked it up, heading over to the cash register. He looked down at Josh’s business card and saw that he was a masseuse with his own company. Oh, my God… 
He nearly fainted.
###
Chris and Eric worked up a sweat on the dance floor. They gyrated and spun around in a crowd of other sexy guys. Multicolored lights flashed all around the club as the sound of excited chatter and hypnotic dance music filled the night.
The small dance club sat on the outskirts of town and had gay night every Friday night. On Saturdays and Sundays, they were a straight dance club. Chris understood why Friday was the chosen night. Saturday was the busier night, bigger crowds, and they needed it to appease the larger customer base. He always thought it was like they were being handed the leftovers, as if they could either take it or leave it. He only went because Eric begged him. His best friend was still on the prowl after breaking up with Danny.
Chris just wished there was a gay club that was gay fulltime, but Raven Cove just didn’t seem to have the need. That’s what the big city was for. None of this really mattered to Chris; he wasn’t single anymore. He just liked to dance with his best friend. 
Eric grabbed Chris by the waist and grinded up against him. He whirled behind him, grabbed him again, and yanked him against his crotch. Eric bumped and grinded him, dirty dancing with Chris with reckless abandon. Chris laughed, locking onto Eric and going with it, letting the music take him, the rhythm moving his body in sync with Eric.
They indulged to the end of the song, and then Chris took a break, sweat dripping off his face, his t-shirt soaked, and took a seat at an empty table. Eric ran off to the bar to get them drinks. Chris watched the guys streaming by, dancing with each other, removing their shirts, making out. A part of him was glad he didn’t have to live this life anymore. He was glad to have Julian, and their bond was very strong after three years together. He looked after Chris, taught him all about the craft and his powers. That was one of the greatest parts. All of his life he thought he was some sort of freak, but after finally meeting Julian and the other guys, he discovered he was not alone. Julian and the others had taught him how to focus his natural magic, cast spells, harness the Earth’s energy, and balance his powers between right and wrong. 
It would be easy to use his power to take from others, to give himself riches, sex, and power. His life would be full of luxury and laziness. But this was better. Helping others, and helping the Earth, felt right. There was always a price to pay when you took without giving. Julian had taught him that well.
“Hey, bitch.” Eric returned to the table. “What’cha thinking?”
“Nothing, really.”
“Yeah, sure.” He set down their drinks.
The two of them nursed sweet mixed drinks while catching their breath. 
“To be honest,” Chris said, “I think this isn’t really my scene anymore. All I keep thinking about is Julian and being with him.”
“Aw, c’mon,” Eric moaned. “You’re not old yet. Look at all the studs in this place tonight. It’s like a buffet. I just want to eat them all.”
Chris laughed heartily. “You’re such a pig.”
“Hey, I’m just living. Something you need to do more of. You shouldn’t sit at home every weekend and become a couch potato. You have a nice body; you need to keep it in shape and let your hair down.”
“We don’t stay home every weekend. We do plenty of things. Besides, I’m happy. I don’t need anything else.”
“Yeah, wait a couple more years when you’re in your thirties and you’re bored, wondering where your life went. You’ll be glad that I dragged you out with me.”
“I won’t be bored. That’s silly. You want the same thing…don’t you, Eric?”
“Sure, when I’ve had my fun. And when it does happen, I’m not going to let someone change me. I’m still going to dance, go out late, and have fun.”
“Julian didn’t change me. I have all the fun I want. Don’t knock it till you try it.”
“I’m sorry. I’m not putting down your relationship. Julian is awesome. The perfect guy for you. Now, you wanna dance?”
“Just one more then I gotta go.”
Eric jumped up and yanked Chris out of his seat. They popped onto the dance floor and danced to the next popular song. 
As Eric whirled around, he caught a glimpse of a bearded man staring at him. The guy stood at the edge of the dance floor, his gaze glued to Eric. It was obvious the guy was interested. Eric maneuvered Chris closer and closer to the guy in a long duster coat. Eric couldn’t take his eyes off him. The man was enigmatic, handsome as hell, and mysterious. 
Chris smiled at Eric and noticed he was growing more and more distracted. He looked around, but saw a crowd of guys looking back. Which one had caught Eric’s eye was anyone’s guess. He knew that once Eric locked eyes with someone, there was no stopping him. Soon, Chris would find himself in a corner alone while Eric did his thing. The time to leave was close at hand. 
The song ended and Chris slipped off the floor. Eric skipped after him, taking him by the hand and trying to convince him to keep dancing, but Chris shook his head. 
“I’ m gonna go.” Chris gave him a kiss on the cheek. “Good luck with your hunt.”
“You old man.” Eric smiled, then stuck his tongue out at him. 
Chris waved goodbye and headed through the crowd to the exit.
Eric watched him leave before skidding around the dance floor again. He’d lost track of his bearded admirer so decided to recharge at his table. When he reached it, he found the man sitting there, two drinks on the table.
“I got you another,” the man said to him. “May I join you?”
“Of course,” Eric said, taking the drink and sitting down. “Thanks for the drink.”
“You’re very welcome. I’m Sage.”
“Eric.”
“You’re very cute, Eric. I like your hat. Looks good on you.”
Eric touched his knit cap briefly then smiled. He was suddenly very shy, which was not like him at all. “Thanks. I think you’re cute, too.”
Sage smiled. “Was that Chris Flaherty you were dancing with?”
“Yes. You know him?”
“I know his partner, Julian. We’re old friends. I’m glad he still lives in town.”
“Oh, yes, they live together.”
Sage nodded. “Very nice. They’ve been together long?”
“About three years.”
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen Julian. I want to surprise him. You won’t tell him you saw me, will you?” Sage slid his hand across the table and brushed it against Eric’s. A blink of purple light sparkled briefly.
“Oh, no, I won’t. I’m sure he’ll be surprised when he sees you.”
“I bet he will too, Eric.” 
Sage brushed his hand up Eric’s arm and pushed the drink over to him. Eric grinned and picked it up, then practically sucked it down. Sage laughed and stood up. He stepped over to Eric and gave him a kiss on his neck.
The beard tickled Eric’s neck and he shivered. A tingle shot up his spine. He wanted Sage to take him on the table right now. He felt his dick getting hard in his shorts. 
“Why don’t we go somewhere more private?” Sage asked. “It’s so loud and distracting here. Maybe go someplace more comfortable?”
“Sounds good to me,” Eric said, taking Sage’s outstretched hand. 
Sage led him through the crowds and to the exit doors. They stepped out into the warm night air and the scent of saltwater. 
###
Troy stirred and caught his breath. He squirmed in his bed, tossing and turning. He called out at one point. 
“Jonathan!” His eyes jumped open and he looked around his darkened bedroom. His hand swung to the side of the bed next to him instinctively. There was no one there. 
He got up out of bed and went downstairs to the kitchen, where he poured himself a glass of water. He started to cry. Wind stirred through the kitchen, rustling his hair, the tablecloth on the kitchen table, the dishtowels and the curtains. Troy released control of his magic and the inside of the house filled with cold air. 
Troy’s skin grew gooseflesh, his heart pounded. Blue light crackled above him, rising to the ceiling. A flash of lightning streamed before his eyes. 
“Cool it,” he said to himself. “You and Jonathan worked too hard to get this house. You made a life here. He wouldn’t want this…” Troy loosened his grip on his glass of water. The water inside had turned to ice. “Calm down…calm down…”
Soon the elements in the room dissipated and the warm air returned to the house. Troy opened the windows in the kitchen, dumped the frozen water into the sink to melt, and headed back upstairs. He crawled across the bed and nearly collapsed onto it. 
Across the room he could see the pictures of him and Jonathan, despite the darkness—a camping trip, their trip to England, their hike in and out of the Grand Canyon together. Such great memories and happy times. His gaze drifted from the wall to the huge oval mirror above his dresser. Shadows moved within.
“Huh?” Troy sat back up. He focused on the mirror. Something was there!
Troy hopped out of bed and rushed to the mirror. He pointed to the light in the corner of the room and it flicked on. He watched the mirror fill with smoke. It swirled around the edge of the mirror, snaked to the center of it, and clouded all of the glass.
A figure took shape inside the mirror. Troy’s palms were damp. His heart skipped a beat. His throat went dry. The smoke cleared and the reflection of the room began returning to the mirror, but with something new in the room. A man. 
A bearded man with dark hair and piercing blue eyes stood in the room, staring directly at Troy. The man remained unmoving, his gaze seeing right through Troy. He shot around to make sure the man wasn’t really standing in the room with him. 
An awful feeling filled the pit of Troy’s stomach. He turned back around and reached out to touch the mirror, but as he did, the vision of the man vanished.
Troy nearly collapsed. He let out the massive breath he’d been holding. “It was from Jonathan! I knew it…I knew he didn’t leave me. Jonathan was trying to reach me…this was a vision from him. He was taken. Taken by that man. I feel it…I know it.”
He knew he would never get back to sleep tonight. Instead, he raced back downstairs, fetched a bowl from the cupboard, and filled it with water. He willed the junk drawer across the room to open, and a bottle of ink sailed through the air and into his hands. He poured some ink into the water. 
The ink pooled into the water and turned it black. Troy waved his hand over the water. “Lady Habdonia, hear my plea. Lady Habdonia, lend me your sight. Show me where my lover is. Show me he is safe. Show me…show me…”
Troy waited and waited, but nothing appeared in the water. “C’mon, Jonathan, where are you? Please…let me see you.”
Seven 


THE food was amazing at the Italian bistro Josh had taken Geoff to. It was a refreshing change from all of the seafood. Geoff divided his time staring at the small, flickering candle on the table and staring at Josh. He felt awkward and nervous as hell. He couldn’t believe that Josh actually wanted to take him out to dinner. 
“This is a great place,” Geoff began. “I’ve never been here before.”
“Really? I love it here. I’m glad I was able to show you something new.”
“You have. Thank you for that. I’m so glad I ran into you at that market.”
“Yeah, that was…perfect…timing. I never shop there. I just went in to get a gift basket for some friends.”
“Oh, gotcha. I’m not in there very often, either.”
“No, you spend a lot of time at the Raven Cove Yacht Club.”
Geoff cringed, taken off guard. “You noticed?”
“Sure. I saw you checking me out.”
“Oh, God…I’m sorry. I just think you’re very handsome.”
“Thank you. Why didn’t you ever come talk to me?”
“Are you kidding? I was too scared. I never thought you’d give me the time of day. I even had to ask the employees there who you were. What your name was.”
Josh laughed graciously. “Don’t sell yourself short. You’re cute and I love redheads.”
“Well, at least that’s in my favor. I didn’t mean to stalk you. I’m just not really good at this stuff. All of my friends are so forward and just go after what they want, but not me. I get really shy and nervous.”
“I get it. A lot of people are like that. It’s not unusual. Well, now the ice is broken. Maybe we can go out again.”
“Since you’re saying that,” Geoff began. “I’m really gonna take a chance now. I have this big GLBT Charity Ball to go to this weekend. I was wondering…if…ah…you’d like to go with me?”
Josh paused. He looked into Geoff’s eyes. He could see Josh was working things out in his head. 
Oh, shit…oh shit. Too soon. I knew it. 
“I’d love to,” Josh replied with a smile. “I was actually already going, but didn’t have a date. I was going stag.”
“You were going stag? Who would let a guy like you go to anything alone?”
“A guy like me?”
“You know, handsome, owning your own business, nice, easy to talk to.”
“Stop, I’m not perfect.”
“Who’s looking for perfect? Not me. God knows, I’m not…now I’m rambling. I do that when I get nervous. Again, I can’t believe that you’re going out with me a second time.”
“Well, now you can relax. I like you, Geoff. Let’s just have fun on Saturday.”
“Right. I can totally do that.”
“Okay.” Josh flashed his awesome smile and gestured to the waiter for the check.
Outside, Geoff walked Josh to his car. They’d arrived separately for their first date, which Geoff thought was the right thing to do. He always did that for the first date, not that he had that many of them. 
They stopped beside Josh’s car and glanced at each other briefly. “Well,” Geoff said. “I had a nice time.”
“Me, too.”
“Good. Thanks for dinner.”
“You’re very welcome.”
“Okay, so I’ll call you about the Charity Ball.”
“Sure.”
Geoff started off toward his car when Josh took his hand. 
“Hold on, Geoff. How about a hug goodbye?”
Geoff wanted to melt. It was the sweetest thing anyone had asked of him in some time. His heart soared, yet panic swept through him. He had to stop doing his to himself. He moved closer to Josh. “Of course.” 
Josh slipped his arms slowly around Geoff and hugged him tight. It felt so good. Geoff held onto Josh’s back, his muscles strong, his frame sturdy. A warm feeling washed through Geoff. He eased his arms off  Josh, pulled back slowly, and Josh stopped him again, leaned in, and kissed him. Geoff froze, holding his breath. The kiss was brief but wonderful. Geoff felt like a teenager.
Josh rubbed Geoff’s shoulder briefly, then fetched the car keys from his pocket. “Thanks for a nice night. Talk to you soon.”
“Yes, talk to you later.” Geoff watched him drive away before heading for his car. He was dancing on the inside as he made his way to his own car, a big smile on his face. 
###
“Okay, Mom, how much longer?” Chris was getting impatient.
Sarah Flaherty had always doted on Chris. He was her baby, the youngest of all of her boys. This was fun for her, and she wanted to capture the moment. Chris stood at her command, decked out in the tux that Julian had rented for the Charity Ball. 
“Just hush,” his mom said. “I don’t get many moments like this. I’m glad you stopped by to show me. You look so handsome, and you never went to your prom so this is the closet thing I get.” She snapped a picture with her digital camera. She hadn’t quite worked her way up to using her phone to take pictures. She shook her head. “I just wish Julian was able to join you. Would be nice to get you boys together.”
“He knew better. He’s no dummy.”
“Just a few more minutes, Chris.”
“Mom, the Ball isn’t for three more days. I should be protecting this rental.”
“Sure, then I never get my pictures. God forbid you’d stop by your old mother’s house on the way to the dance.”
“Oh, Lord.” Chris rolled his eyes as he leaned against the kitchen hutch. Truth be told, he liked the attention. It was nice having his mom fuss over him. He adored her and she had always been there for him, from the moment he came out to his first love to moving in with Julian. She had even given them a housewarming gift after Chris moved in, even though they hadn’t bought a new house. So an hour of posing and smiling really wasn’t too much to ask. 
“Okay, okay, all done,” his mother said. 
“Thanks, Mom.” He put his arms around her and she tousled his hair. 
“I’m so happy for you,” she whispered into his ear, then let go of him.
Chris glanced in the mirror on the grandfather clock in the living room across the hall. He shifted his position, checked out his waist, his chest, his hair. Yep, he really did clean up well. He chuckled, then took a seat at the kitchen table. It wasn’t the original he grew up with, the huge oval one that sat five boys and two parents. This was downsized to seat just two parents now. He was sure his mother was a little sad about that. No wonder she still tried to baby him.
 He watched his mother put away the camera and return with a baggie full of chocolate chip cookies. 
“I made some cookies for you to take home. I know how much Julian loves chocolate chip cookies.”
“Yes, he does. Thanks, Mom.”
“You’re welcome, dear. I’m so glad you met Julian. He’s been so good for you.”
“Yes, he takes good care of me.” He watched his mom flit around the kitchen, dusting things, straightening items on the countertop, adding some fresh herbs to the stew she was simmering on the stovetop. The scent brought back such memories of growing up. 
He was much taller than his mom now, her hair was more gray than chestnut now, and her skin was drier and liver-spotted, but she was still going strong. From dawn until dusk, she managed the house, the chores, and his father as if she was still looking after a big family. As he watched her move, he wished he could tell her that one last thing about himself, the one thing that he’d kept from her all of these years, but he just couldn’t. It was one thing to have a gay son; it was another for him to be a witch. If she knew the half of what he could do with his power, he’d be afraid she’d have a heart attack right on the spot. 
She’d always been a bit afraid of the supernatural. The existence of ghosts, other beings, magic and life after death freaked her out. She couldn’t read a ghost story or watch one on TV. She believed a little too much, and superstitions, built into Raven Cove for hundreds of years, still flavored many of the families here, including his mother’s. She had coral tucked around the house because many believed it warded off evil spirits. She had a horseshoe above the entryway of the house. She even had a dream catcher in the bedroom. 
The last thing Chris needed was for her to add one more charm protecting her house from him. Despite this, he’d found himself very close to telling her on many occasions. Today was no different. As she turned from her stew, he began to open his mouth when his dad stomped into the house. 
“Hey, Chris,” Henry said. “Plan to be here Friday, six a.m. Not any later.”
“You got it, Dad.”
His father nodded, slapping down a cooler on the kitchen floor. He hung up his coat and hat in the linen closet just outside the kitchen, in the hallway. “Wait right there.”
Chris watched his Dad head down into the basement. “I should get going.”
“It was good to see you, honey.” His mom gave him a peck on the cheek, then picked some lint off the shoulder of his tux.
Chris stood up and heard heavy footsteps on the basement stairs. His father reappeared with some bags packed with ice. 
“Some more lobsters and cod,” his father grunted.
“Thanks, Dad.”
“Let Julian cook ’em. He knows what he’s doing.”
“I wouldn’t think of touching them.”
“Okay.” His father grunted once more. “See ya Friday.”
“Sure. Bye, Mom.”
“Bye, Honey.”
Chris looked back on the both of them and left, closing the door behind him. 
###
Charity Dance night.

Julian and Chris stood at the vanity in their bedroom for one final look. Julian smiled and brushed his hand across Chris’s shoulder, then his own.
“We look pretty good in our monkey suits,” he said to Chris.
Chris laughed. “Gorgeous.”
“We should get going before we’re late. Maggie will kill us.”
“You know it.”
They kissed and Julian took his hand, leading Chris downstairs to the front door. He willed the door open with some blue light and the two of them made their way to the car. 
Chris pointed to the door behind them and swept his hand through the air, using his magic to close it behind them. They hopped into the car and headed across town to the hall. 
The banquet hall of the Raven Cove Social Club overlooked an arm of the sea. The view was beautiful. It was dusk when they arrived and the dying sun cast a red-orange glow over the dark water. 
The guys walked in and were immediately greeted by Maggie. 
“Don’t you guys look handsome!” She beamed. “I’m so glad you’re here. Rosa will really appreciate it. C’mon, the Ball is in full swing. The buffet is set up in the back.”
The place was elegantly decorated with white linen table clothes, roses on every table, and a touch of color in the form of balloons in the colors of the rainbow. A paper banner spanned the back wall and read: GLBT: Making Progress. Raven Cove First Annual Ball. The lights were dim and soft music wafted in the air. 
Maggie led the guys over to the food where Rosa was overseeing the staff. She wore a pantsuit that had some subtle sequins nestled within its navy blue pattern. Maggie by contrast wore a backless black dress that was very sexy. 
“Everything looks great,” Chris said to Rosa. 
“Thank you.”
“Yes, congratulations, Rosa…both of you, really. The ball looks like a hit already,” Julian added.
“Totally, and it’s still early. You boys make sure you get something to drink, too. The bar is over there, any mixed drink you want. There’s also wine and beer.”
“Sounds awesome.” Julian put his arm around Chris and looked around.
The hall was already half filled with male and female couples. They were mostly helping themselves to food and drink, but some were already on the dance floor, slow dancing.
“Let’s get some food. I’m starving,” Chris said.
“You got it, babe.”
“You guys come sit with us,” Maggie said. “Over to the right there. Ah, I see Noah is already there with a date.”
Julian looked over to see indeed that Noah was taking a seat at Maggie’s table with a new guy, a tall blonde. The guy’s hair was cut high and tight like a military officer’s, and he even fit the part well, his biceps practically bursting out of his tux. 
Maggie left the guys to themselves and beat a path right to Noah. Julian and Chris loaded up some plates and followed behind.
“Hi, Noah,” Julian said. “Great to see you.”
“Guys.” Noah nodded, but he was sort of restrained. “This is Doug.”
Both Julian and Chris shook his hand, but before anyone else could say a thing, Geoff appeared at the table with Josh in tow. They were holding hands.
“Geoff!” Chris called. “You made it?”
“Of course. I wouldn’t miss it. Guys, this is Josh.”
“Hi, everyone.” Josh put out his hand and everyone shook it. 
Maggie instantly descended on Geoff and Josh and whisked them off to meet Rosa and convince them to have some food. 
“Oh, she’s got her claws into two more victims,” Chris said.
The table laughed. Noah chuckled briefly, then glanced at Julian before turning his attention back on Doug. 
Julian complimented the food and made small talk with Doug as Chris went and got the table some wine. 
“How did you guys meet?” Julian asked.
“We met at the gym,” Noah answered for Doug. 
“That’s cool. Geoff, how about you guys?”
“We ran into each other at the gourmet market downtown,” Josh volunteered.
“Really. Geoff, I didn’t know you shopped there. You always say how snooty it is…”
“What, me? I never say that. I shop there off and on.”
“Okay.” Julian watched Geoff turn three shades of red. 
Two hours later and all of the couples were on the dance floor. Julian and Chris slowed danced, their arms around each other. Julian felt so proud and overjoyed to be with Chris, to hold this sweet man close and never let go. He glanced around the dance floor to see Maggie and Rosa lost in one another, Geoff and Josh enchanted by each other, and Noah looking over Doug’s shoulder directly at him.
Julian shrugged. What? he mouthed.
Noah shook his head and laid his head on Doug’s shoulder, steering away from Chris and Julian.
Chris caught Geoff’s eyes and winked at him. He gave him a thumbs up. Geoff’s smile was the widest anyone had ever seen.
“What are you up to?” Julian asked.
“Geoff. He’s so happy. I’m so happy for him.”
“Yeah. It’s great. He and Josh are very cute together.”
“They are. They seem like a great fit.”
“Maggie and Rosa are in their glory,” Julian said. 
“This is their night.”
“It sure is. It’s a big hit. I’m sure this will go on for many years to come.”
“Good for them.”
“It’s our night too, Chris.”
“It is.”
“Yes, just being with you makes it our night. I won’t soon forget. I love you.” 
“I love you, too.” 
They paused momentarily to kiss, enjoying the feel of each other, imagining they were the only two in the entire hall. An electric charge flowed through Julian and he sighed as they parted lips. Chris laid his head on Julian’s shoulder and they let the soft music take them into the night. 
###
Julian drove them home, but both had had a little too much wine. They were feeling good and free with themselves, and before long found themselves driving to a secluded part of the beach. Julian could think of nothing else, and as he looked over at Chris, he knew he felt the same. He knew that look in Chris’s eye; he’d been noticing it for the last hour and he knew exactly what to do. 
He rolled the car off the side of the road and the two got out. They hung onto each other like school kids as they snuck through a hole in the beach’s fence and trudged through the sand in their tuxes.
The two of them shuffled into the dunes, the sand closing around them, the warm breeze caressing their hair and faces. Sea grass wriggled past them as they kicked up sand and lost themselves behind the tallest dunes. 
Both men fell to their knees, sand covering their legs. Chris kissed Julian, slipping his tongue into his mouth, licking his lips, teasing his partner with his wet tongue before nibbling on his neck.
Julian felt Chris unbutton his white dress shirt and slid his warm hands up and down his chest. He sighed as Chris kissed his neck and worked his way down to Julian’s nipples, sucking on them. Julian’s jacket fell to the ground as Chris’s mouth continued down Julian’s belly.
Chris circled Julian’s bellybutton with his tongue and unbuckled his partner’s belt. He pushed Julian back slightly, forcing him to balance on his hands. Chris ripped Julian’s pants open, unzipped his fly, and grabbed his hard dick, massaging it. He stroked it until it got even harder, then went down on it, swallowing it hungrily.
“Oh…Chris…”
Chris sucked him up and down, pulling his dick out then going back down. He sucked harder and faster, getting Julian’s dick slick and wet. Chris stroked it as he sat up and kissed Julian again. 
Julian ran his fingers through Chris’s hair and stuck his tongue into his ear as his lover climbed on top of him, pushing him into the sand. Julian was surprised by how aggressive Chris was, but he let go and enjoyed it…it was exciting and damn fun. The two made out, writhing in the sand. Julian yanked Chris’s tux jacket off, opened his shirt and pinched his nipples. Chris closed his eyes and groaned, then pulled Julian’s hands off and restrained them for a moment.
Chris smiled mischievously at him. He winked to him before slowly easing a finger into Julian’s mouth. Julian sucked on it as Chris put another finger into his mouth. He sucked both of them while watching Chris unbuckle his belt and undo his pants.
A thrill surged through Julian as Chris fed him his dick, sliding it in and out of Julian’s mouth. He thrust his hips against Julian, watching his dick go in and out. Julian reached between Chris’s legs and tickled his balls. Chris leaned back, thrusting, closing his eyes, his mouth agape.
“Yeah, baby,” Chris heaved. “Take it…yeah, take me…feels so good.”
Julian slid his wet fingers over to Chris’s ass and slipped one finger inside of him, pushing him against his face even harder, sucking down Chris’s dick as if there was no tomorrow.
Chris gasped and buckled, but before he came, he pulled out of Julian’s mouth, slid his pants off the rest of his body, turned over onto his belly, and went down on Julian again, pushing his own dick over Julian’s face. Julian gladly obliged.
The two of them sixty-nined on the sand, the sea breeze washing over them. Julian stared up at a blanket of stars as he rimmed and sucked Chris. He loved listening to his lover yelp and gasp with pleasure. Chris’s entire body twitched, his muscles tensed, his hips undulated. Julian loved every moment as waves of pleasure took him.
Faster, harder, sand shifting beneath them, both Julian and Chris were lost in each other’s pleasuring, giving and receiving until screams of ecstasy were lost in the sound of crashing waves. Julian came first as Chris watched, but he followed moments later at Julian’s hand.
Exhausted, they collapsed next to each other. Julian slung his arm around Chris and kissed his cheek, tasting salty sweat. Chris looked over at him, about to say something when something strange caught their attention. 
“Did you hear that?” Chris asked.
“Yeah…it was almost like a snarl or growl…” He jumped up and put his clothes back on, his shirt remaining open. Chris did the same. The sound repeated. “C’mon. Something isn’t right.”
They walked through the dunes toward the ocean, unaware they were being watched the entire time. Noah peeked from behind one of the dunes, watching them walk away from him. He gave them one last look, then went in the opposite direction.
Julian and Chris walked out to the open beach and to the edge of the cliffs. They looked pat the tree line above them and saw movement there.
“Hey.” Chris pointed out at the water. “There’s a man and a woman in the water.”
Julian saw them kissing, unaware of the danger near them. “C’mon,” Julian beckoned. “We need to do something.”
They rushed up the cliffs and into the trees. There they were confronted by a shirtless man with tattoos on both arms and a shaved head. His eyes flashed yellow.
“Shifters,” Julian said. He opened both hands and summoned blue light into them.
The man began his transformation, and Julian directed his hands at him, hitting him with blue bolts of energy and stopping his shift. The shifter hit the ground as two more jumped into view.
Chris swung his arm wide and a spray of blue sparkles saturated the area. The shifters soared into the air, clattered into the trees, and slammed to the ground. They stumbled to their feet, grabbing hold of one another for support, and fled.
“That was good,” Julian said. “You’re getting stronger all the time.”
“Thanks.”
“I wonder why the shifters were here,” Julian asked. “We have a truce with them. They’d better not be looking for more trouble. I might have to have another talk with them.”
Chris nodded but said nothing.
“C’mon.” Julian put his arm around him. “Let’s go home.”
###
Josh pulled up in front of Geoff’s home to drop him off. Geoff looked at his darkened house, then turned to Josh.
“I had an awesome time tonight,” he said.
“Me, too,” replied Josh. 
“Thanks for the ride tonight. It was really nice of you to pick me up and drive me home.”
“I wanted you to be safe and enjoy yourself tonight. Besides, it gives me a chance to see where you live so I can visit more often.”
Geoff smiled at that. He was so glad to hear Josh wanted to see him again. “Well, good night.” He leaned over and kissed Josh.
Josh brought his hand to Geoff’s face and caressed his cheek. He kissed Geoff a bit deeper, sliding his tongue gently into Geoff’s mouth. He teased his tongue, nice and slow. 
Geoff felt his pulse speeding up and warm feeling swelling in his chest. To his shock, Josh slid his hand from his face to his lap. His finger danced around Geoff’s crotch for a moment before he started rubbing it.
Josh brought his other hand to Geoff’s belt and undid it. Geoff looked down but Josh pulled his face back to his. “Look at me,” Josh said. “It’s okay, just keeping looking at me.”
He kissed Geoff again as he unbuttoned his pants and pulled his zipper down. Josh reached in and gently took Geoff’s cock out. Geoff grew hard and he flinched as he felt Josh stroking him.
Geoff sighed. His heart pounded. Pleasure and nervousness washed through him. The excitement grew as Josh jerked him a little bit quicker and firmed up his grip. Geoff’s legs buckled, and his hips shifted as if he was dancing in his seat. He latched onto the car door.
Groans filled the car and Josh used his free hand to move Geoff’s hand to his crotch. He helped Geoff undo his pants and reveal his cock. Geoff’s hand curled around it. The tip was wet. 
The two of them jerked each other in the front seat of Josh’s car, sitting in Geoff’s driveway, all the while kissing passionately. Geoff closed his eyes and he soaked in Josh’s cologne, the smell of his skin, the taste of his lips. He listened to Josh’s breathing as it grew faster and heavier.
Geoff gasped again, bracing his feet against the inside of the car. “Oh, God…Oh, God…Oh, Josh…” He exploded in climax. He felt Josh’s dick throbbing, swelling, then felt it pumping as Josh came too without making a sound. 
“Wow,” Geoff sighed. “That was…”
“I had fun, too.” Josh cut him off with a kiss.
“I should go get cleaned up,” Geoff said. “Do you want to come in, too?”
“I’ll be okay. I should get going. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Okay, tonight was great.”
“Good. I’m glad you had fun. Maybe we can go to a movie or something next time.”
“I’d like that.”
“Okay, goodnight.” Josh kissed him once more before Geoff left the car. 
Geoff waved back at him as he unlocked his house and went in.
###
Geoff had just finished his shower when the doorbell rang, followed by some rushed knocking. 
“Okay, okay,” he called. “Round two?” He swung the door open to see Troy standing there. “Troy?”
“Geoff, you have to help me. Please. Jonathan made contact with me.”
“That’s awesome.”
“He’s still unable to get home. Someone has him…a man with a beard.” Troy pushed past Geoff and paced around the room. “Please…one more time…use your astral travel. I know we can find out where he is this time. He reached out to me.”
“Are you sure it was him?”
“I’m positive. He’s done images before. He was sending me a picture of his captor. We’ve got to find him Geoff. We’ve got to!”
“Okay, I’ll try it again.”
In Geoff’s bedroom, Troy lit some white candles and sat beside his friend as he went into a deep state of consciousness. 
Within a few moments, Geoff lifted from his body and floated up. He passed through the ceiling, the roof, and hovered in the night sky. He looked down on his house, then remembered what Troy had told him about Jonathan and the stranger. Geoff tried to form an image of the bearded stranger and of Jonathan. He felt a pull in his solar plexus and soared up into the clouds and over the sea.
Geoff flew through the park where Jonathan rode his bike and there noticed a trail of light, almost like residue from the spectral realm. It streamed through the trees and upward. Geoff followed it away from the water and more inland. He went over some hills and across a bridge.
He saw the steeple of a church, the roofs of farmhouses, some taller buildings, and a lake. Across the lake was a forest. Geoff floated toward it and noticed a strange building without windows. It looked like it might be a bomb shelter. He drew closer to it and suddenly heard Jonathan’s voice inside of his mind. Various images flashed. Dark magic, stone come to life, Jonathan’s desperation.
Jonathan?
Geoff floated above the structure. There was a strange aura around it. He prepared to enter when another soul soared in front of him, blocking his path.
Who are you? What are you doing?
Sorry, Geoff, not yet. I’m not ready for Jonathan to be found just yet.
Wait…you’re him…you’re….
Geoff felt a blast of negative energy hit him. The other soul was twisted and dark, and…dangerous. Geoff tried to flee or will himself away in the blink of an eye, but he couldn’t. The dark soul reached out to him and a bubble appeared around Geoff. He was trapped. 
He searched about the bubble with his astral hands but he couldn’t penetrate it. He was stuck there, hovering helplessly in the air, separated from his body. 
###
Troy stood up immediately. Horror filled him. He knew something was wrong. Geoff’s body twitched, his eyelids fluttered. He looked as if he was having a seizure. 
“Geoff!” Troy shook him, trying to bring him back. “Geoff, wake up. Wake up. Oh, my God…oh, my God…what’s wrong with you?”
He ripped his cell phone from his pants and dialed. “Julian! My God, help!”
Eight



“THIS is all my fault.” Tears streamed down Troy’s face. 
“It’s not your fault,” Julian said, putting his hands on Troy’s shoulders. He and Chris had joined Troy at the hospital. They’d been there all night. 
Geoff lay still in the bed, hooked up to fluids and beeping machines. 
“It is,” Troy continued. “I asked him to astral project again…Jonathan made contact with me. He sent me an image of a man, a stranger. He’s being held captive. I was hoping Geoff would be able to find him, or at least his captor. I should have never asked him…he’s always been afraid of his gift.”
“It was a freak thing. It wasn’t his powers that did this. It was something else.” Julian sat on the side of Geoff’s bed. 
Chris joined him, taking Geoff’s hand. “He’s so cold.”
Julian put his arm around Chris and looked up to see Maggie and Rosa walking into the room.
“We came as soon as we could,” Maggie said, her voice soft, her usual personality toned back. “What happened?”
“We’re not exactly sure,” Julian said. “He had a seizure last night. The doctor’s say he’s slipped into some sort of coma.”
“That’s awful. I’m so sorry.” Maggie put her arm around Rosa.
“I will pray for him,” Rosa said. She slipped out of Maggie’s grip and walked over to Geoff’s bedside table. She took a stone out of her pocket and placed it on the table. An image of a saint was on the stone, and that of a colorful snake and some words in Spanish. Julian thought it resembled a mix of Santeria and Voodoo. He wasn’t aware Rosa was a believer. 
“Thank you, Rosa,” Julian said as she returned to Maggie’s side. She nodded to him. 
“Can we do anything?” Maggie asked.
“I don’t think so,” Julian said. Troy began to sob. “We should just take turns watching over his house. Collecting his mail. We don’t want anything to fall behind.”
“Sure,” Maggie said. “We’re happy to help.” She went to Troy and put her arms around his chest. “I know, baby. He’ll pull through this. He’s young and strong. We’ll all pull through his.”
“Yes, we will,” Julian said. Chris got up from the bed and hugged him. 
Josh walked into the room carrying a bouquet of flowers.
“Josh?” Chris said, his eyes wide with surprise.
“I went to his place to surprise him for breakfast,” Josh said. “The elderly couple behind the property told me what happened.”
“The Claddersons.” Julian cracked a smile. “Good old Harry and Alice.”
Josh moved past all of them and put his flowers in the empty vase on the windowsill. He turned back around and moved close to the bed. His eyes welled. 
Chris went over to him and put his arm around his shoulders. “You really like him, don’t you?”
Josh nodded. “Yeah, I really do.”
“He’s going to be okay.”
Josh could only nod now. 
“Guys,” Julian said. “Why don’t we let Josh be alone with Geoff? Troy, come back with us, we’ll figure this out.”
Troy joined Chris and Julian and started out of the room. Maggie and Rosa followed slowly. The group ran into Noah in the hallway.
Maggie and Rosa said goodbye to the group and headed off. Julian hugged Noah and felt him stiffen. “You okay?”
“Fine,” Noah replied. “You?”
Julian nodded. “Worried. Josh is in there with him. Something is wrong. Someone is targeting us, the coven.” 
Noah said nothing as Chris and Troy gathered around him and Julian. 
“We’re going back to our place to ask for guidance,” Julian said. “We should cast the circle tonight. Ask for protection. Something or someone is trying to break us apart.”
“I saw him,” Troy said. “He’s dark, has a beard…he…”
“We felt something,” Chris interjected. “Someone touched me, a spirit or something.”
“And you never said anything to the rest of us?” Noah looked at Julian. “Now are you ready to start paying attention to your coven?”
“You got something to say, Noah?” Julian got up in Noah’s face, staring him down, eye to eye.
“Guys, don’t do this,” Chris put his hands on each of them, slipping between them. Both seemed to relax a bit, unclenching their fists. “We need each other. We need you, Noah, Geoff needs you. We need to ask the Goddess for help. Come with us.”
“Not just yet.” Noah headed into Geoff’s room. “I want to spend some time with Geoff and Josh right now. I’ll join you later.”
“Okay.” Chris turned back to Julian and put his arm around him. “C’mon, let’s take Troy back with us.”
Julian shook his head. “I’m sorry, babe. I didn’t mean to lose my cool. I don’t know what’s gotten into Noah lately.”
“We’re all under stress right now. Let’s just get this figured out.”
“I love you.” Julian kissed him.
“Love you, too.”
###
“Troy, I’m sorry I didn’t try harder,” Julian said. “I owe you an apology.”
“I knew he didn’t leave me…I knew it.”
“You were right.” Julian went up to Troy and opened his arms.
A single tear streamed down Troy’s cheek. He hesitated, then embraced Julian, throwing his arms around him.
“I’m sorry, Troy.” He hugged him tight. “We’re going to find out who did this and kick their ass.”
Troy chuckled, looked up at Julian, and removed his glasses to wipe his face.
“How do we find out who’s doing this?” Chris asked.
“We need help. We need to ask the Goddess. Whoever this is, they’ve taken Jonathan and Geoff out of the picture. They’re most liking blocking us from discovering who they are.”
“So they’re pretty powerful,” Chris said.
“Yep,” Julian replied. “This bearded stranger is using dark magic against us, but he’s only one guy.”
“Why is he doing this?” Troy asked. “Why did he take my Jonathan away from me?”
“I don’t know, but until we get Noah over here, we’re only spinning our wheels. We need to—” Julian stopped mid-sentence and noticed the clock on his living room wall had stopped. The hair on his arms prickled and his skin grew gooseflesh. 
The front door flew open and Sage walked in, his duster coat rippling in the gust of wind that followed him. Troy’s eyes widened, then narrowed to slits. 
“You!” Troy cried. “You’re the one who has him!” His hands twisted into claws, his palms crackled with blue light.
Sage raised his hand and Troy was engulfed by a dark purple cloud, lifting him up off the floor. Sage thrust his palm at him and Troy flew against the wall, smashing into the window, glass exploding outside. He was suspended there, frozen. Sage turned to look at Julian and smiled.
“I like what you’ve done with the place.”
Julian’s jaw dropped. His heart thumped relentlessly in his chest. His hands curled into fists. “Sage? What are you doing back here?”
“It’s a free country. You don’t decide where people can go, Julian. Oh, that’s right. You did use your magic to throw me out of Raven Cove.”
“You didn’t give me a choice. You were hurting people.”
“J-ulian,” Chris stuttered, his voice full of fear. “What’s going on? Who is this?”
“My ex, Sage.”
“Your first love? The one you met when you were twenty?”
Julian nodded, his hands glowing blue. “He’s a dark light now. He let black magic take him.”
“It didn’t take me,” Sage said. “It invited me and I accepted. Pretty simple concept.”
“What do you want?” Julian asked, his voice firm. 
“This must be Chris.” Sage turned his attention to Julian’s partner. 
“Stay away from him.”
“Have you made him a High Priest like you? He’s very powerful. But, of course, you know that. You and your little coven. The coven you always wanted.”
“I’m in training…still,” Chris said, unable to take his eyes off Sage.
“Training?” Sage walked up to Chris. “You should be leading the coven. You are more powerful than anyone in it. Isn’t that right, Julian?”
“He hasn’t finished his path. The right path.”
“The right path?” Sage chuckled softly. “There are many paths. Isn’t there, Julian?” He reached up and caressed Chris’s cheek, a stream of purple sparkles shimmering across his skin.
Chris closed his eyes and basked in it. 
“I said stay away from him!” Julian flung both hands at Sage and a blue bolt of energy shot across the room.
It flung Sage backwards, smashing him into the coffee table before he hit the floor hard. He rolled onto his side and laughed out loud, wiping bits of wood from his body. He stood up again.
“That was good. Still got that temper, I see. You’re strong, my love, but I’m not the same man I was all those years ago. The dark light is strong.” He pointed at Julian and purple light snaked around him. “And I’ve grown, much.”
Julian felt the light tighten around him, restraining his arms and legs, squeezing the air from him. He fell to his knees.
“Julian!” Chris cried, his face a mask of terror. 
“It’s okay, Chris,” Sage said. “I won’t hurt him, yet. I just wanted to let him know I was back in town. Remember what I said about paths. His isn’t the only one.” Sage looked Julian in the eyes. “I’ll see you around town, my old friend.” He lowered his hand and released Julian, then vanished from the room.
Troy fell to the floor in a crash, the air rushing back into him. He gasped.
Julian followed.
Chris rushed to his side, throwing his arms around him. “He just teleported out of here.” Disbelief lingered in Chris’s voice. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine.” Julian climbed to his feet, pressing his forehead against Chris’s, then kissed him. “We need to talk.”
Nine



NOAH joined the guys at Julian and Chris’s house. A nervous feeling permeated the air. Julian poured everyone some expensive wine to ease the tensions, except Noah; he gave him a beer. 
“Sage is back in town,” Julian began.
“Sage Parrish is back?” Noah was surprised and alarmed at the same time, but he shrugged it off with a smirk and a chuckle as if it was all somehow amusing.
“Yeah, Noah remembers him. He’s the only one who’s known him as long as I have.”
“Brother, the guy is a few cans short of a six pack.” Noah said to the others, “If you know what I mean.”
“You haven’t told me everything about Sage, have you?” Chris asked.
“I never thought I’d have to,” Julian replied. “I thought this was ancient history. I never thought he’d come back after thirteen years. But he’s even more powerful now. He never had much of a family life. His parents were killed in a car accident…I think he may have caused it. All of his brothers were separated and sent to different foster homes, but not Sage. He refused to let anyone take him in. He made his own way, using his magic to survive.
“Sage and I were lovers, very passionate and raw. We were each other’s firsts to admit we were witches. We wanted to start our own coven together in Raven Cove. Something happened to him. He got obsessed with his magic, seduced by it. He wasn’t into helping and healing others or protecting the town. He was out for himself and he didn’t care who he hurt to get what he wanted—money, power, free stuff, sex. He was out of control. He destroyed anyone who crossed him. I had to stop him.”
“What did you do?” 
“I fought him in a duel. He was using very dark magic. That’s all he wanted…more and more magic. He kept trying to get me to join him instead of opposing him. I couldn’t…and I couldn’t let him go on ruining our town. I faced off with him and beat him down, throwing him out of Raven Cove. I used a banishing spell, even blocked him for a few years until his presence sort of vanished. I figured he was gone. Now he’s back. He wants revenge for what I did to him, and I’m afraid he’ll hurt any of you to get to me. Especially you…” Julian put his arms around Chris. 
“He’s not gonna touch me,” Chris said. “You won’t let him.” He kissed Julian.
“He’s got a lot more dark power now,” Julian said. “I could feel it coming off him. He was holding back just now. We have to protect ourselves. Each of you--cast a protective barrier around your homes.” Julian got up and grabbed a small chest from the mantle of his fireplace. “And wear these. I made these for us in case we ever needed them.” He handed each of this friends a necklace made of coral. “It’s very old coral from our waters. It can act as a deflector against black magic.”
“Thank you,” Troy said, already putting it around his neck. “What else can we do? How do we get him to let the others go?”
“It won’t be easy,” Julian said. “He’ll take us out until he has me alone. He put Geoff in a coma to get him out of the way. He’s very dangerous. We need help. We need to cast the circle as soon as possible to beseech the Goddess.”
“We can’t tonight,” Noah said, holding the coral necklace in his hands and playing with the strands. “There’s a big sea storm coming in. The beach will be too dangerous.”
“Damn it,” Julian said. “Then the next night. For now, let’s all be in defensive mode. If he comes to any of you, call me right away. We need to stand together or he’ll pick us off one by one.”
“Got it.” Troy stood up. “I’ll keep you on my speed dial. Let’s kick this motherfucker’s ass! He’ll pay for what he did to Jonathan.”
“We need to remain calm,” Julian said. “This is what he wants. Rage and anger to throw us off balance. Stay focused.” 
“Okay.” Troy lowered his head. Julian took him in his arms. Chris joined them.
Julian held his arm out to Noah, who hesitated. “We need to stick together…” 
Noah went to the group, letting Julian slide his arm around him. He looked into Julian’s eyes for a moment. There was longing there, and Julian sensed it. 
“Okay, guys,” Julian said. “Keep in touch. Let’s plan to cast the circle tomorrow night.”
The others nodded and headed out Julian’s front door. Julian watched them go then kissed Chris’s cheek. His partner felt warm and peaceful. Inside, Julian was afraid…scared shitless, actually. There was so much more that Sage knew about him that he could use against him and Chris.
How far would he go to hurt Julian? Would he hurt Chris to get to him? He would never let it happen. No matter what, Sage could not be allowed to get close to Chris…not ever. If anything happened to Chris, Sage would never live to see another day. Julian swore it. 
###
Thunder drummed softly over the sea. The wind thrashed and the waves were huge. Rain came next, pattering the windows of Sage’s room. He’d taken the room at the very top of the bed and breakfast, a large penthouse suite with a private bedroom and master bath. The claw-foot bathtub was a huge draw for him. He loved them and had picked the room just for that. 
Sage soaked in the tub with Eric, steam rising from the hot water and filling the room. Eric rubbed his shoulders, and the slight bruise on his right one. 
“How did you hurt yourself?”
“It’s nothing,” replied Sage. “Took a fall while visiting an old friend.”
“I’m sorry to hear.”
“It’s okay, really. You’d be surprised how fast I heal. Now, why don’t you stand up and turn around so I can see that cute ass.”
Eric got to his feet and turned to face the tiled shower wall. Sage watched the water stream down his thin body, trickle down his small waist, and over his buttocks. 
“You stay in shape with all that dancing you do.”
“I love to dance.”
“I bet you do.” Sage spread Eric’s cheeks with his hands and ran his beard over his asshole. 
Eric sighed, leaning against the wall. Sage ran his tongue up and down Eric’s ass, then cupped his hands with water and let it run down Eric’s back. He blew on the trickling water and it heated up, steam rising off Eric’s body. “God, that feels good…”
“Like that, Eric?”
“Oh, yeah.” Eric closed his eyes as Sage slipped a finger into his ass, then two. He loosened Eric up, sliding his fingers in and out, twisting them around and stretching Eric’s ass. He spit on Eric’s hole and rubbed it hard. 
Sage stood up, water rushing into the tub, and guided his hard dick into Eric, pushing him against the wall. 
“Oh, my God,” Eric gasped.
“Stand and deliver, Eric,” Sage whispered into his ear as he pumped him. Eric yelped and Sage pumped him harder. He locked his fingers with Eric’s and thrust his hips, fucking rhythmically, in and out, in and all the way out.
Their groans and grunts filled the steamy bathroom as thunder now rocked the entire suite, the storm directly overhead. Sage slid his hand around Eric’s hip and curled it around his hard cock. He stroked him fast, then slow, then fast again as he slid all the way inside of Eric and nibbled on the back of his neck.
Eric buckled and his legs trembled. He was breathing hard now, bathwater dripping off him. The lights in the bathroom flickered as the storm raged. 
Heat surged through Sage, building, rippling down his spine. He rubbed the top of Eric’s head with his free hand, purple sparkles falling over his head like snow flurries. Eric’s mouth hung open in ecstasy, unable to make a sound, the pleasure too intense. 
Sage felt Eric’s dick throbbing in his hand, and a moment later, it exploded in climax. Sage pausing momentarily to let Eric come and then returned to fucking him. Eric grimaced, holding back his cries. 
“That’s a boy, Eric, take it.” 
Inside, Sage burned, his heart pounding like a racehorse, his muscles as tense as they could be. A few more thrusts and he was ready, pulling out of Eric and climaxing. 
Eric slid down the wall into the water, exhausted. Sage lowered himself to his knees and kissed him, running a finger over his mouth, then slipping it in for Eric to suck on it.
“Good job, Eric.” Sage pulled his finger out and kissed him again.
“Can I stay with you tonight? The storm is really bad now.”
“Yes, you may. But I can’t see you tomorrow night. I’ll be busy.”
“Okay. I want to introduce you to my friends.”
“Of course. There’s one friend in particular I would love to meet.” Sage ran his hand over Eric’s cheek. “You will introduce me to all of your friends, won’t you, Eric?”
“Of course I will.”
“Thank you, Eric.” Sage leaned over and kissed him again, then stood up for a towel.
###
In the small apartment he called home, Noah romped around his bed with a couple he’d met online. Jake and Brian were looking for some fun tonight despite the raging storm outside. Noah had met them at the bar down the street and walked home with them.
The three of them, soaking wet and reeking of alcohol, played with each other as the building creaked and cracked in the face of the storm. Noah practically ripped the shirt from Jake’s body, sucking on his nipples as Brian kissed the back of Noah’s neck and slid his hand down the back of his pants, playing with Noah’s ass. 
Clothes flew through the air and crumpled into piles on the floor as Jake and Brian went down on Noah, taking turns slurping his cock into their mouths. Brian slid his face back up to Noah and made out with him, rubbing his face against Noah’s goatee. He climbed to his knees and pushed his dick into Noah’s mouth. 
Noah took it hungrily, sucking Brian voraciously. Brain flung his head back and moaned with pleasure. He spread his legs and stretched over Noah, burying his ass in his face. Noah took it eagerly, rimming him hard, basking in the scent of him, the sweat, the salvia. 
Jake continued to suck Noah as he rimmed Brian, who, moments later, reached down and helped Jake service Noah’s dick. The three men used their hot mouths to pleasure each other until Noah could take no more. He pushed Brian’s ass down further, sliding out from under him and easing his dick into his ass. Brian accepted it willingly, backing into Noah and taking his dick in deep.
Jake got onto his knees and pushed his partner’s head down on his cock. Noah fucked Brian while Jake watched. Brian writhed, used by the two men over and over again, screaming as the wind and thunder ravaged the town. 
The heat of sex brought all three men to climax before too long and the three of them crumpled onto each other, heaving, naked bodies glistening with sweat. 
Noah glanced over at his clock, then crawled out from under the couple. He gave them both a kiss. “Thank you, guys. That was fun. Now, if you don’t mind…” He started putting his clothes back on.
“Really?” Brian asked.
“You’re making us go home in the storm?” Jake asked.
“Sorry. I really gotta get up early. Nothing personal. I just can’t sleep with this many guys in the bed.”
“You have a couch,” Brian said.
“Sorry. Just not into it tonight, guys.”
“Asshole,” Jake said as he collected his clothes. Brian followed his lead and Noah showed them to the door. 
“Thanks, guys.”
“Fuck you,” Brian said. “Don’t ever call us again.”
Noah slammed the door behind them. “Don’t worry about it.”
He made his way to his bedroom and opened his dresser. He brought out the red, man-shaped candle and the picture of Julian. He put the candle back into a bowl of water and lit it. He spread some rose petals around the top of his dresser and focused on Julian’s picture. 
Why isn’t this working? I never have issues casting spells. No one ever refuses sex with me, either. If Julian only knew how I felt…if only Chris wasn’t…
He stopped his thought and concentrated. “Lady Habdonia, hear my plea. May Julian only have eyes for me!”
###
Chris ran through the state forest, the rain beating on him, wind lashing at his face. Behind him, hot on his heels, was the Horned One, God of the Hunt, God of sex and play, the Goddess’s consort. The Horned One’s naked body was covered with hair and forest foliage, his eyes flashed green, his huge muscular legs stretched to cloven hooves, and between those legs his great penis stood erect. 
He closed in on Chris, who could feel the God’s breath on the back of his neck. Chris ran as fast as he could, staying just ahead of his pursuer. Thunder cracked. The sky lit up with lightning, and the shadow of the Horned One loomed over him, nearly engulfing him. 
Chris dodged his grasping hands and flicking tongue. He rounded thick trees and ducked down pitch-black trails, the ground beneath him turning to mud. He pushed himself harder and harder, but the sludge beneath him swallowed his feet and he sank, then fell to the ground with a crash. 
The Horned One leapt on top of him, straddling his body. The God roared and licked Chris’s face. Chris looked up at him, terror seizing him, his heart leaping into his throat. Their eyes met and Chris screamed…it was Sage looking back at him, his face morphing onto the God’s massive, undulating body. Chris felt him invading him, fucking him, fire and ice tearing through him.
“Julian!” Chris screamed. Tears filled his face, washed away by the rain. “Help me! Julian!” He turned to his right to see Julian in the arms of Noah; the two were embracing and kissing. Julian turned to Chris and laughed and laughed and…
“Julian!” Chris’s eyes shot open and he jumped with a start. He woke from his dream to find himself safe in bed.
Julian jumped up beside him. “Babe, are you all right? You were screaming.”
Chris’s heart slowed, and he caught his breath, but he still panted. “It was just a dream…shit…it was so real. I--I--you—were gone and I was being chased down and attacked…shit…it was awful.”
“I’m here.” Julian put his arms around him. “I’ll never leave you. No one is going to touch you.”
“I know.” 
They kissed before returning to sleep. 
###
The beach was still wet the next night when Julian and the others made their way down Geoff’s private path to the shoreline. The sand was packed solid beneath their feet.
Chris set the lanterns down in a circle around them and lit the candles inside. Julian put up the hood of his blue robe and took Chris’s hand, then Troy’s. Noah stepped over to Troy and completed their small circle. 
Julian looked at the others and felt suddenly vulnerable. The lack of Jonathan and Geoff’s presence was clearly noticeable. He’d never been so unsure of himself. 
He held tight onto the hands of his friends and closed his eyes. “We are the Blue Light Coven, ruled by the waters of the oceans and seas, fluid in our thinking and practice, gentle in our magic, and guardians of Raven Cove, a haven to our brothers of the Blue Light. We beseech the Goddess, Lady Habdonia, to lend us her protection and to watch over us. A negative force has entered our town and broken our circle. We ask for help in defeating this—”
Water rolled over their feet and upturned the lanterns, the candles snuffing out. Everyone froze. Julian swallowed air and removed his hood. 
“Oops. I’m sorry, boys,” Sage said, stepping from the dunes. “Did I do that? Please, don’t let me interrupt. Continue with your begging.”
“Enough, Sage,” Julian said. “We’re not going to put up with your bullshit. Let my other friends go. Return Jonathan and Geoff.”
“Why would I do that? So you can all gang up on me? No. They stuck their noses where they didn’t belong, and now they paid the price.”
“Listen, if you have a problem with me, then take it up with me. Leave my coven brothers out of it. This is between you and me.”
Sage laughed, smiling chillingly. “You always think everything is about you, don’t you, Julian?” He turned his attention to Chris. “I’ve come to see Chris. I can feel your power. You should be leading this coven.”
Chris blinked and his hands trembled. “I--I--haven’t finished training…”
“Is that what he tells you? You have no idea what you are, do you?”
Julian stepped in between the two of them. “I said stay away from him. I am the leader of this coven. You come through me first.”
Sage shook his head. “Our time is over, Julian. It ended when you banished me, but all that is water under the bridge. I am not here to see you. You are no longer relevant.”
“Enough of this shit!” Troy screamed. “Let Jonathan go!” He launched a scattering of blue lightning at Sage.
Sage held up his hand and a purple bubble shielded him from Troy’s attack. He redirected the lightning back at Troy, blasting him down onto the sand.
“Troy!” Julian rushed to his side.
Momentarily stunned, Troy shook it off and got back to his feet. “You’re going to pay for that.” Troy’s hands crackled, clouds stirred above, and thunder rumbled. Hail fell from the sky, battering Sage.
“Troy,” Julian called. “Calm down. Control yourself. Stay focused.”
“Ahhhhh!” Troy lashed again but Sage was quicker. A sand funnel whipped across the beach, sending both Julian and Troy down.
Julian felt pain shoot through his body, his back burned, and his mouth filled with sand. He coughed and gagged. Turning, he launched a blue bolt of energy at Sage.
Sage deflected it. 
Chris pointed both hands at Sage and shot a stream of energy at him. Sage put up his left hand and deflected it. “Chris, I don’t want to hurt you.” He put up his right palm and thrust it at Chris. “But I will.”
Chris pitched into the air and landed hard on his back, the wind knocked out of him. 
Distracted, Sage didn’t see Julian coming, sweeping his arm and hitting Sage with a shower of blue sparkles. Sage slammed backwards and slid across the beach. He grimaced with pain, struggling until he stopped himself just before hitting the ocean. His eyes glowed purple and he got up, pointing at Julian and seizing him with an invisible grip.
“It won’t be that easy this time, Julian.” Sage stood up and lifted Julian off the ground with his power. He then let him drop.
Julian fell face first into the wet sand. He struggled to crawl onto his knees. “Guys…” he called. “We need to work together.” Sage pointed at him again and Julian doubled over.
Noah teleported and reappeared behind Sage. He nailed him with a punch to the face, sending him off balance. Sage turned, blood lacing his lips, and unleashed an energy bolt at Noah, but he teleported out of the way.
Troy lifted both hands into the air and a gust of powerful wind ripped across the beach. It blasted Sage, who resisted it with all of his might, struggling to stay on his feet, waves of sand scorching by him. Julian, Chris and Noah all took aim with their magic, sending blue bolts streaming at Sage. 
The dark witch caught all of their magic in his left hand, his eyes glowing bright, his skin rippling, his chest illuminated with fiery light, and blasted it back at them. The magical wave rushed across the beach, flashed blinding light at the three of them, and knocked them all off their feet. Only Troy stood.
He summoned all of his anger for Sage and screamed. The storm clouds ignited, the wind howled, and the sea churned. A huge wave rose into the air. Troy’s eyes narrowed, welling with tears, and his arms shook as he aimed for Sage.
“Boys,” Sage quipped. “You are only half a coven. I have the power of my entire coven behind me.” He rose into the air, levitating himself. He stretched out his arm and took control of the wave from Troy. 
Troy’s eyes widened, and his jaw dropped.
“Oh, My Goddess…” Julian whispered. He grabbed hold of Chris.
Chris…Chris… Sage called in his head. You are special. You deserve more than this. You are the seventh son of a seventh son. You have more power than you could possibly imagine.
You lie! Chris’s mind screamed back. I only have four brothers. There aren’t seven of us…you’re trying to trick me.
You’re wrong, Chris. Just ask your mother. 
Sage unleashed the wave on them all, but Noah launched into action. He grabbed hold of Julian and Chris and teleported over to Troy. Nabbing Troy, he got all of them out of the area as the wave came crashing down. 
Sage hovered above the beach, laughing and laughing as he floated back down to land. 

Ten

JULIAN and his coven reappeared inside of Noah’s apartment. Chris collapsed as soon as they materialized, scaring the hell out of his partner.
“Chris! Chris!” Julian dove onto the floor with him and scooped him into his arms. “What’s wrong, Chris?”
Chris’s eyes fluttered and he stirred. A soft moan escaped him. “Sage!” he cried and jolted awake. “He’s in my head…he’s talking to me…”
“That son of bitch,” Julian spat, then kissed Chris’s cheek. He ran his fingers through Chris’s soft brown hair and helped him to his feet. 
“I need to go!’ Chris said. 
“Wait, you can’t…”
“I need to see my parents,” he said. “I’m…a seventh…I have to know if he’s lying.”
“Of course he’s lying,” Julian said. “You can’t trust a single word that comes out of his mouth. He’s a snake. Don’t let him trick you.”
“No…I have to go see them. Something isn’t right. I’ve always felt something was different about me.”
“I can’t let you go out there, Chris.” Julian took hold of his arm. “He’s targeting you.”
“I can handle myself, Julian. I promise.”
“No.”
“You can’t tell me what to do. Now let go.” Chris pulled out of his lover’s grip. 
“Please.” Julian got between him and the door. “Don’t go. He’s out there.”
“He won’t hurt me. I know he won’t. I have to go.” 
“Jules,” Noah said as he stepped behind Julian and put his hand on his shoulder. “Let him go. It’ll be okay.”
Julian looked at Noah, then into Chris’s eyes. “Okay.” He stepped out of the way and let Chris go. His eyes welled with tears.
“He’ll be okay,” Noah said. 
Julian nodded and went into Noah’s arms. “I’m so scared. He’s already running from me.”
###
Chris stood at his parents’ door and debated knocking. Inside of his head, he heard Sage’s voice.
Seventh son. You are the seventh son of a seventh son. 
He pounded on the door. There was no answer. He lifted his fist and pounded on it again. The light above the door came on and the door flew open. 
Chris’s father greeted him, his forehead crinkled, his eyes narrowed to slits. “Chris? What in damnation is the matter? We were about to go to bed.”
“I need to talk to you and Mom.”
“It’s late…can’t this wait until morning?”
“No, Dad, it can’t. I need to talk to Mom.” He made his way past his dad and practically tripped over himself entering the house. 
His mother appeared in the living room, wrapped tightly in her robe. “Chris, I thought I heard you out here. Is everything okay?”
“Mom, there’s something we need to talk about. Something I should have told you and Dad a long time ago.”
“What, dear? What’s wrong? You’re all worked up. Sit down, catch your breath.”
“I can’t sit. I’m going through a lot right now and I just need to tell you guys the truth.”
“Well, for God’s sakes, Chris,” his father grumbled. “We already know you’re gay.”
Chris shook his head, guilt, fear, and sadness rolled into one and whirling in the pit of his stomach. “Do you also know I’m a witch?”
“A what?” his dad croaked. His mother remained silent, the color draining from her face. Chris watched his mother shuffle to her rocker and sit down. 
“Mom?”
She said nothing.
“Chris, what are you pulling?” his dad asked. “It’s really too late for these pranks.”
 “It’s true, Dad. It’s no prank. I was born a witch with the power to influence my surroundings and so much more.”
“This is ridiculous,” his dad continued. “I’m going to be—”
Chris pointed to the lamp in the corner of the room. It winked out, plunging the room into darkness. He wove his hand again and the light came on. He pointed to the collection of Reader’s Digest on the coffee table and they floated into the air before settling back down on the table.
His father stood stunned. His mother covered her mouth, tears rolling down her cheeks. 
“What the hell?” His father finally broke the silence in the room.
“It’s true. I’m a witch. I was born with special powers. Julian is one, too. He’s teaching me how to use it. All my life I was afraid of this power, afraid to use it, afraid to show it to both of you. Now I think you need to know. Things are happening in Raven Cove. Dangerous things…or, so I think…I don’t know anymore.”
“This is unbelievable.” His father sat down on the couch now. “This is the damnedest thing.” 
His mother simply shook her head. 
“Mom…” Chris went to her and she flinched. He got down on his knees and took her hands. “Please don’t be afraid. I’m still the same Chris. I just have a special talent that some people don’t. Now I need you to tell the truth. Did you have other children before David? Before you met Dad? Other sons?”
She tried to avoid his gaze. Sarah Flaherty couldn’t find the words. 
“Please tell me…it’s very important.”
“You stop right there!” his father roared. “You don’t have the right, Christopher. Your mother went through enough pain…I won’t have her going through it again.”
His mother looked over at her husband. “It’s all right, Henry. There were two other boys. After your oldest brother David, we tried to have more children. Each passed shortly after they were born. Premature. The first one was named Joseph. The other we had named James. We waited a few years and tried again, then the boys just kept coming…we were blessed to have five healthy boys in all.”
It’s true…I am the seventh son of a seventh son. Chris’s heart broke for her. Tears dampened his cheeks now. “I’m so sorry, Mom. Why didn’t you ever tell me?”
“Because it was none of your business,” his father interrupted. 
“Henry.”
“No. How dare you make her go through that? Why the hell did you need to come here tonight and do this? What was so damned important?”
“I’m different, Dad…don’t you see it? Haven’t you always felt it? You had six other brothers, and so did I. That makes me the seventh son of a seventh son. Do you know what that mean?”
“It means it’s a curse,” his mother said.
“Mom?”
“Chris, it isn’t a gift. It’s a curse. The seventh sons of Raven Cove nearly destroyed this town once. Look back into its history. Some of the seventh sons actually founded this town, and you are descended from one of them. I thought the curse would be broken when my sons didn’t survive, but now I see I was wrong. I hoped this wouldn’t be true, my boy. I believed you were free of it, but…”
“No, Mom. I’m okay. Everything is okay. Julian helps me.”
“The power corrupts,” she said. “It claims you. Seventh sons are the most powerful, but also the most vulnerable to its temptations. Forsake it, Chris. Turn away from it…”
“Sarah, what are you saying?” Henry stood up. “This is all true?”
She nodded meekly. 
“Mom, it won’t claim me. It won’t. I’m strong…getting stronger all the time. I wish you hadn’t kept all of this from me. I could have gone down the wrong path.”
“I prayed it wasn’t true. I hoped.”
“It is true, Mom. It’s who I am, and we have to accept this.”
“Chris...it will turn you against Julian and all that you love. Give up this power. Do not let it grow inside of you…do not…”
“No,” Chris said, a bit of anger rising in him. The room grew cold. The lights flickered. “You’ve kept so much from me all these years. And now you just tell me to not be who I am?”
“Chris…”
“No, Mom, I can’t hear anymore of this. I’ve got to…I’ve got to go. I need to think…I…” Chris headed for the door. It swung open for him and he ran off, back into the cool night air. His mother and father called after him, but Chris pushed them away as the anger germinated inside of him. 
###
Julian paced around the living room. He looked out of the windows again and again. No sign of Chris yet. 
The dawn was approaching. He saw the last of the shadows beginning to retreat as a soft rosy glow appeared in the horizon. 
Please come home…please come home. 
He tried to sit down but he couldn’t. He tried to drink some water, some orange juice, even wine, but he couldn’t stomach any of it. Noah had teleported him back home a few hours ago. He’d offered to stay the rest of the night, but Julian had refused, telling Noah he’d be fine. 
The house was so quiet. Its rooms were devoid of life. This was what it was like without Chris here, and Julian hated it. He moved around the house again, up and down the hallways, through the kitchen and dining room, back into the living room, gazing out of the bay window again. 
The door creaked open and the house filled with warmth. Chris had returned. Julian rushed to him.
“Chris!” He threw his arms around him and Chris leaned into his chest, crying. “Are you all right? Where did you go?” He lifted Chris’s face and wiped the tears from his cheeks. “Talk to me, baby. What happened?”
“It’s true Julian…I am a seventh son of a seventh son. My mom had two sons who died…I had six brothers.”
“It’s going to be okay, Chris.”
“I told my parents about us.”
“You what?”
“I had to…I had to know the truth. They had to know the truth.”
“You exposed us?”
“I had to, Julian. Everyone is keeping secrets. This whole town was built on secrets. It has to stop.”
“We need to protect ourselves.”
“From what?”
“Sage, for starters. Look what he’s already doing to us. He’s trying to destroy us.”
“He already knows who we are. He won’t destroy us. We can’t just keep hiding, Julian.”
“We’re not hiding, baby. We’re protecting ourselves and the entire coven. What are we going to do now? What if your parents tell others?”
“They won’t. My mom knew. She knew all about the seventh sons of Raven Cove. She knew about me…she suspected all these years.” Chris let go of Julian and pulled away. “And Sage knew about me. He’s never even met me and he knew.” He looked up at Julian. “Did you know?”
Julian’s throat went dry and he hesitated. “I--I suspected.”
“You suspected? That’s it. You should have told me. You should have told me what I was.”
“You’re my partner, that’s who you are.”
“No, I’m different than you, and all of our friends. My powers are different…my ancestry, my past, everything. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I wanted you to discover it naturally, come into your power. You need to take it slow…your power will grow and you need to learn to control it. This is why I’ve been taking it slow with you, teaching you little by little. Don’t let Sage confuse you. Don’t let him into your head. He’ll only deceive you.”
Chris nodded and moved toward his partner, wrapping his arms slowly around him. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you or screw things up. My parents won’t say anything. My mom is afraid of it.”
“No, I’m sorry.” Julian embraced him tight, kissing his head, his cheek, the side of his neck. “I should have taught you more and shared what I suspected. But if I’m right, you’re going to be one of the best witches that we’ve ever seen. Let’s get some rest. Later in the day we’ll try to find a spell to block Sage out of your mind.” 
Chris nodded, not letting go of his man, nuzzling his face into his chest. 
Julian sighed. Worry surged through him. He still wasn’t sure what Sage was up to, but he knew it wouldn’t be good. Something stirred at the back of Julian’s mind, something primal, dark and shadowy. It frightened him…he feared the worst. 
Eleven 


JULIAN blew out the six candles surrounding them and wiped the anointing oil off Chris’s forehead. The two had just finished casting a protection spell over Chris, on top of him wearing his coral necklace. They both put their clothes back on and cleaned up the bedroom. 
Chris kissed Julian and hugged him, caressing his face and hair. “I can feel the energy between us. It’s strong.”
“We are strongest when we work together,” Julian said, kissing him back. “We should use this spell on the others. They’re all in danger from Sage’s magic.”
“Yeah, but I’m number one.” Chris smirked. 
Julian chuckled, trying to alleviate the fear that germinated inside of him. 
“Why me? I mean, what does he want with me?”
“I don’t know, babe. Whatever it is, I won’t let him get away with it. He’s selfish, psychotic. He just takes and takes and inflicts pain on others. We need to figure out a way to get him out of Raven Cove, not just keep him away from us.”
“Maybe there’s something in the spell books we have.”
“Not a bad idea. We can consult them tonight. Let’s go down and make some dinner.”
Chris smiled, the first time since Sage had appeared in town. It made Julian smile right back. “Sounds great.” Chris’s phone rang and he fetched it off his dresser. “Hey! You too. It was fun. Really. No, I can’t tonight. How about tomorrow for lunch? Sounds great. See you then.”
Julian looked over. “Who was it?”
“Eric. He’s dying for me to meet the new guy he’s dating. I said I’d have lunch with them tomorrow.”
“Are you sure it’s a good idea?”
“I can’t just hide in our house for the rest of my life. We need to go on with our lives, Julian, or he wins.”
Julian smiled. “You’re right. It’ll do you some good after all we’ve been through. Just be careful.”
“What else would I be?”
Julian grinned and put his arm around him, walking him out of the bedroom.
###
Noah stretched across his bed and rubbed his chest, pinching his nipples. He glanced at a picture of Julian on his nightstand and played with himself, rubbing his dick. It got hard in his hand and he stroked it, imagining Julian going down on him. 
He slid his hand up and down his shaft, slow, then fast, then slow again. He reached down with his other hand and tickled his balls. His heart started beating faster, and he regulated his breathing, almost as if meditating. His body filled with slow-burning pleasure. It was almost as if he was performing sex magic. 
Beads of sweat dampened his forehead. Noah licked his lips and jerked himself faster, harder. The head of his dick was a shade of red. His mouth dropped open and he closed his eyes. His legs quivered and he curled his toes. Energy built inside his balls and surged through his solar plexus. His stomach muscles tightened.
His climax came fast and powerful, and Noah locked his gaze on Julian’s picture. He panted and collapsed onto his back, laying his head on his pillow. His pounding heart slowed, his breathing grew shallow. He closed his eyes until his cat hissed in the other room. 
“Nebula?” Noah slipped into his briefs and headed into the kitchen. “You okay, girl?”
Sage greeted him at the kitchen table. 
Noah flexed his fingers, and his magic crackled. “You.”
“And hello to you to, Noah. Don’t get all bristly. I’m not here to fight with you. I swear.”
Noah looked him over. The cat dashed past his feet and into the bedroom. Sage’s hands were open, his eyes tranquil. His body language was friendly. Noah relaxed a bit. “Want a beer?”
“I’d love one.”
He took two beers from the fridge, opened them, and handed one to Sage. Noah took a gulp of his and leaned against his kitchen table. “Been a long time, man. So what’s going on? You came back after thirteen years to bust Julian’s balls?”
Sage laughed. “I didn’t come back to bust Julian’s balls. Okay, maybe I did a little.”
“Then why the dramatics? Why are you attacking Julian?”
“Still defending him after all of these years, huh? And what’s he ever done for you?”
Noah was silent.
“He started it. He attacked me at his house. I just came to talk.”
“Right. Because you never have an ulterior motive, right? You never use your magic to make others miserable.”
“Was I really that bad back then?”
“You robbed every market and convenience store in Raven Cove. You set an elderly woman’s hair on fire, and don’t even get me started on what you did to the gay bashers that came at you and Julian.”
“First of all, those bashers deserved exactly what they got. The elderly lady was hilarious, and you know it. She wasn’t hurt.”
“Because Julian healed her and made her forget what happened.”
“And I only took what I needed from the local businesses. It never affected them”
“That’s the problem. You’re always taking only what you need, no matter what it does to others.”
“Okay, okay, point taken. I’ve grown since then. I came back because I had to. I was drawn to the power growing here. Chris Flaherty. He’s going to become very powerful--so powerful, he won’t be able to control it. It could devastate the entire town. He needs someone like me to show him how to use it, to control it. Julian can’t handle it. Julian thinks all magic is flowers and rainbows. It isn’t like that, Noah. It’s a raw power like electricity. It isn’t good or evil.”
“No, it’s all about how the user uses it, Sage. You’re saying sweet Chris will destroy everything?”
“No. I’m saying it will control him. It will do what it wants, and soon he will be driven to the brink of madness by it. He’s the most powerful witch in this part of the world--or soon will be. He needs someone to help him. He doesn’t belong with Julian. You know that in your heart, don’t you, Noah?”
“What are you talking about?”
“I think you know. I saw the way you looked at Julian all those years ago. Even when I was with him, I saw it. You still feel the same way today.”
“You’re full of shit.”
“Am I?” Sage wove his hand. 
Noah turned to see the picture of Julian float out of his bedroom, through the air, and settle on the kitchen table. 
“Listen.” Sage stood up, walked over to Noah, and put his hands on his shoulder. He whispered into his ear. “Your love spells have no affect on Julian. His love for Chris is too deep-rooted. You’ll never get to him. You’re aiming your spells at the wrong person.”
“What?” Noah turned to look into Sage’s beautiful blue eyes.
“Aim your spells at Chris.”
Noah lowered his gaze to the floor.
“We can help each other. You want to be with Julian. I want Chris to be with me. Turn Chris away from Julian and toward me and Julian will be yours. He’ll need you more than ever…his longtime friend. The man he really belongs with. I can help you, Noah. I can lend my magic to yours, and we can direct your spells at Chris. It’s the only way Julian will ever love you.”
Noah stared at the picture of Julian on the table. He touched the frame, then looked at Sage again. 
“What do you say, Noah?” Sage smiled. “You with me?”
###
Moonlight streamed into the bedroom, showering Chris. He stirred and opened his eyes. Sage was in the bed next to him, naked, sheets pulled down over his thighs. He reached out and caressed Chris’s face. 
Chris basked in his touch. He stared at Sage’s hairy chest and tight waist. Sage leaned over and kissed him, running his hands down Chris’s chest and to his belly. Chris shivered, his legs quivered. Sage’s hand slipped to his crotch, playing with his underwear and getting his dick hard.
Sage pulled Chris’s underwear off, sliding it down his legs before going down on him, taking his dick deep into his mouth. Chris gasped and flung his head back, running his fingers through Sage’s lush, dark hair. He smelled incredible, the air filled with his scent, and the room warmed with the heat of their lust. Chris moaned and opened his eyes again and…
He discovered himself lying in bed under the sheets, Julian sleeping soundly beside him. Chris was hard--so hard, it was almost painful. He yanked off his sheet and grabbed his dick, stroking it. He ripped his underwear off and turned toward Julian. Adrenalin shot through him, and his chest heaved. 
Chris pulled the sheet off his partner. Julian was sleeping on his belly. Chris stared at his ass, then ran his hand over it. He climbed on top of Julian, straddling him, and went down on his ass, grabbing his cheeks and plunging his tongue into his asshole.
Julian stirred and woke suddenly. He looked back at Chris pressing down on him. “Babe, what’s going on…oh...oh…God…Chris…that feels good…”
Chris didn’t answer. He continued to rim Julian feverishly. Julian grabbed the bed with both arms, resisting a bit, troubled by Chris’s sudden urge. 
“Oh, God…Chris…what are you doing, baby? What’s gotten into you...I—I—
Chris pushed down harder, then slipped two fingers into Julian, thrusting slowly in and out, spitting on Julian’s ass.
“Oh…yeah…” Julian bucked at first, then surrendered to Chris, letting him take him. “Oh, fuck…fuck…Chris…oh, Chris…”
Chris worked his partner’s ass over, then slid down off of him. He grabbed Julian by the hips and pulled him up, thrusting his hard dick inside of him. 
“Fuck, Chris…take me…I’m yours…”
Chris fucked Julian slow at first, then fast, banging against him, plunging deep. Julian groaned, then howled. He curled the pillow beneath his chest and braced himself. 
Julian heard Chris grunting, sighing with pleasure as he thrust in and out of him, in and out. Chris paused briefly, reached down, and felt Julian’s balls and dick, making sure he was hard. Then he returned to fucking him, harder, faster. Chris’s entire body dripped with sweat. He closed his eyes and pushed. Reopening his eyes he looked down to see his dick plunging in, then out. He thrust once more, a tingling feeling shooting through him, and pulled out, climaxing. 
Chris caught his breath, but without missing a beat, he turned Julian over and went down on him, taking his partner’s dick all the way down to the base. He licked all the way back to the top and teased the head of it. He went down again, curling his hand around it and pumping it, fast, then slow, then fast again.
Julian howled. He clutched the bed sheets. “Chris! Oh, my God…baby…baby…so fucking good!” He tried to sit up and watch, but Chris pushed him back down, keeping complete control over him. 
Moments later, Julian could hold on no more…Chris drained him dry, jerking him furiously as he came, practically exploding into Chris’s hands. He continued to work over Julian’s cock for a few moments longer, teasing it, playing with it, causing Julian to writhe and undulate, his legs shake, and his chest heave. Chris held him down with his weight, and, without saying a word, let go and climbed back to his side of the bed. He glanced at Julian and saw Sage’s face there, smiling at him.
He turned over and went back to sleep as if nothing had happened. Julian reached over to snuggle, but Chris was already fast asleep. 
###
“Whoa,” Julian said. “It’s almost noon!” He stretched and rubbed his eyes.
“Noon!” Chris jumped out of bed. “Shit, I’m meeting Eric and his guy for lunch…I gotta go!” He dashed across the hall to the bathroom.
Julian smiled and sat up. “Last night was incredible,” he called to Chris. “I’ve never seen you like that before. You never fuck me.”
Chris rushed back into bedroom, a towel around him, his hair dripping after finishing the fastest shower of his life. “It was a dream.”
“No, it was damned real,” Julian laughed. “It was awesome. You were an animal.”
“I meant I had a sex dream that woke me up. I was horny as hell. I needed relief.”
“Oooh, a sex dream? Was I in it?”
“Sorry, babe, no.”
“That’s okay. I liked that you just took me and used me. It was hot.”
“Glad you liked it. I really gotta go.” Chris ran over to Julian after throwing on jeans, sneakers and a hoodie shirt, and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. “See you later.”
“Be careful!” Chris heard Julian call as he shuffled downstairs. 
Chris drove across town to meet Eric at the Raven Cove Yacht Club. He had managed to beat Eric there somehow. He parked and crossed the lot, the sea air wafting through his senses, the wind at his back, sun beating down on his face. He felt good, like last night’s sex had somehow rejuvenated him, and for some reason, he couldn’t stop thinking about Sage.
He took a seat on the deck and ordered a drink from the waitress. As he waited for her return, he saw Eric appear on the stairs. Chris immediately smiled until he saw Sage walking behind Eric. His body tensed, and his heart jumped into his throat. 
Eric bounced up to his table with Sage in tow. “Hey!” Eric beamed and Chris stood up. The two locked in an embrace. “Chris, this is Sage.”
“Uh-huh.” Chris nodded. 
Sage stepped up and put out his hand. “Nice to finally meet you, Chris. I’ve heard so much about you.”
“He’s an old friend of Julian’s. Can you believe it? He wanted to meet my best friend and…”
Sage brushed his hand over Eric’s face. “Eric, why don’t you go to the bar and order yourself a fruity drink. Nurse it for a while. Okay, handsome?”
“Sure!” Eric trotted off to the bar.
“Don’t you hurt him,” Chris said.
“I would never hurt him. I like him. Chris, please, sit and talk to me.”
“I’ll talk to you if you let my friends go.” Chris stared him down defiantly, refusing to sit. 
Sage grinned. “You are a fireball. Okay, done.” He gestured to the air and wiggled his fingers, then gestured for Chris to sit. 
Chris complied “You were right. I am a seventh son. I had seven brothers.”
“You asked your mother?”
Chris nodded. 
“See, I told you the truth. And I’m telling you the truth now. You don’t belong with Julian. He doesn’t understand you. Not like I can. See, Chris, I know how the power feels. I know how seductive it can be. I’m a seventh son, too.”
“You are?”
“Yes, you have no idea what we are yet. We have every power, every gift, the others have. We can control the weather, teleport, send our thoughts, levitate, conjure fire, summon spirits, and so much more. But I am not as strong as you. You’re getting stronger with each passing month. Soon, you’ll be the strongest witch in this part of the country. I felt your power and I had to come. It will try to take you over like it did me, but I can show you how to control it. I can show you how to become one with it. Julian doesn’t understand this. He can’t know what we know. I admit, when I was young, I let it take me, and instead of helping me, Julian turned his back on me, He banished me.”
“You were hurting others. You were destroying things. Julian did what he had to do.”
“Yes, I’m sure he did. But I’ve changed, Chris. I’ve evolved. I’ve been where you are, and I can show you. Come with me, come back and join my coven. I will make you co-leader with me…like you deserve to be.”
“No, I can’t.”
“You can. We’re not bad people, Chris. We worship the same Goddess, just a different side of her. I serve Hecate, Circe, and Morgana, the Triple Goddess of the night and of desires. You can have anything you want, and you don’t have to hurt anyone. It’s up to you. We live by our own code, not anyone else’s. We fulfill desires, lust, love, power, wealth. Things we deserve, and we don’t harm anyone. You noticed I didn’t kill anyone or hurt them unless I was attacked first. I was defending myself. It’s really that simple.” 
“Julian loves me. He’s taking care of me. He’s teaching me everything I need to know. Someday I’ll lead the Blue Light Coven with him.”
“Someday? It’s been three years, and how much has he really taught you? He didn’t even tell you what you were, but he knew, didn’t he?”
“He suspected.”
“Suspected.”
“Yeah…but he never shared that with me. He kept it to himself. I actually have to ask him many things. He’s forgotten to tell me about some things.”
“Forgotten? No, Chris. He doesn’t want you to know. He’s keeping you for himself.”
“He loves me. I’m not some possession.”
“Is that so?”
“Stop it. You’re confusing me. You’re trying to trick me.”
“I’m not, Chris. Really, I swear. I will only tell you the truth, and I’m sorry to tell you this, but you have to know.”
Chris stared into Sage’s vivid blue eyes and dreaded what was coming next. 
“Julian is using you. He has no real power of his own, except what all witches are born with--telekinesis and harnessing the energy of their color. He’s a siphon. He takes his powers from others. That’s why he keeps you so close to him. He’s drawing his power from you.”
“No.” Chris shook his head. “That can’t be true. He showed me his power. I asked him and he showed me.”
“Let me guess,” Sage said. “He told you he creates illusions, right? It’s the same thing he told me. He’s a liar. He’s stealing your power and everyone’s in the coven. That’s why we had our falling out. I caught him in his lie. He was siphoning my power and I put a stop to it. You know I’m telling the truth. You can feel it. Trust your magic.”
“I--I--don’t know what to think…he…Julian lied to me. He…” Chris’s heart sank and he was at a loss for words. His mind raced, and his thoughts were confused. 
“It’s okay,” Sage said in his most soothing voice. “Come back with me to my coven. I will teach you everything you should know…” He reached over to take Chris’s hand, but his chair rattled.
Chris was stunned. He watched Sage’s chair vibrate and then suddenly slide across the deck, crashing through the railing. Sage plunged to the beach below. A few club members beside Chris’s table gasped and peered over the broken railing. Chris got up and looked around.
Julian stood across the deck. He rushed to the railing, taking Chris’s arm. “Stay the hell away from him!” he roared at Sage. 
Sage got to his feet and dusted himself off. “So typical.” He stretched his arms out, and his eyes flashed with purple. 
“Julian, what the hell!” Chris yelled.
“We need to get out of here…” Julian yelled back.
“No!” Chris said, pulling his arm out of Julian’s grip. 
“Okay, Julian,” Sage called. “You want to play, let’s play.” 
The roof of the Yacht Club ignited with flames. The entire area filled with screams. Fire spread across the deck, and people rushed to escape, turning over tables, pushing each other out of the way, screaming and stumbling. 
The fire spread fast, engulfing the club and its outdoor deck. Julian grabbed Chris again and guided him through the crowds to the parking lot.
“I told you, he’s a madman!” Julian cried.
“You attacked him first,” Chris replied.
“Chris! Damn it, he’s dangerous. What don’t you understand? Let’s get the hell out of here before he sets us on fire.”
“We can’t just let the club burn!” Chris turned around to face the Yacht Club. He lifted his hands and rain clouds swirled above the Club. Wind swept across the beach and thunder boomed. Rain poured from the skies, dousing the fire. 
“Chris, please!” Julian cried. “We have to go, now!”
Rage surged through Chris. He turned and glared at Julian, his hands sparkling with blue energy. “I’ll take my own car home.”
Twelve



GEOFF opened his eyes, and the first thing he saw was Josh sitting beside his bed. He smiled instantly. “Josh…”
“Oh, my God, Geoff…Geoff.” Josh’s eyes welled. He jumped out of his chair and kissed Geoff, bending his forehead to Geoff’s. “Don’t ever scare me like that again.”
“How long have you been here?”
“I was here every day. I never missed a day.”
Geoff smiled again. “What happened?”
Josh took his hand. “You had a seizure…at your house. The doctors don’t really understand what happened. You were in a coma ever since.”
“My God…I feel like I’ve been sleeping for twenty years. I don’t really remember much.” That wasn’t exactly true. In his mind’s eye, Geoff remembered seeing another astral form that day, a foul energy that confronted him. He didn’t know who or what it was, just that that was the last thing he saw before he blacked out. 
“I’m so glad you’re awake,” Josh said, kissing him again.
“I’m so glad you’re here and that you were the first person I saw when I woke up.”
“Do you need anything? Anything at all?”
“I would love some soda and pizza.”
“Soda and pizza?”
“You said anything.”
“I’ll be right back.” 
Geoff watched Josh leave the hospital room and his thoughts drifted to his friends. He hoped they were okay. He knew that the other astral spirit he’d had contact with was up to no good. Some random thoughts of Julian entered his head as if this other astral spirit meant him harm. He wished he had telepathy like Jonathan did. He spotted the room phone on the small table next to his bed, but his memory was not at its best today. He couldn’t remember anyone’s cell number. Maybe he’d ask Josh to bring him his cell phone from home.
If all else failed, he was sure one of his friends would visit, and he would warn them then. Unless they couldn’t visit…unless…they were…oh, boy. What do I do? 
Geoff was filled with worry. He had to get out of this room. 
###
The stone wall around Jonathan crumbled away. He tumbled to the floor, weak and dizzy. He tried to stand, but his legs were too weak. They gave out and he fell again. 
“Damn it.” Jonathan gritted his teeth. “Where the hell am I?” He crawled to the door in the room. He lifted his hand to will it open with his magic, but that was too weak as well. A pop of blue light fizzled in the air but nothing more.
He rolled over onto his back and stared up at the ceiling, his gaze tracing the cracks in it. He could almost see faces. It was as if others were forever trapped in this room’s structures. His partner Troy’s face appeared in the ceiling and Jonathan reached out to him, holding out his arm, wanting to touch him, wanting to hold him. Tears streamed down his cheeks. 
It was then Jonathan suddenly remembered…his gift, his one power that no one else in the coven had. He concentrated hard on Troy and managed to finally call out after all this time…
Troy! I’m here! I’m alive and I need help. I’ve been kidnapped. I am in a strange building. Help me! 
###
“What the hell were you thinking?” Julian rushed into the house behind Chris, who had gotten there ahead of him. 
“Don’t talk to me that way,” Chris replied, raising his voice maybe for the first time in their relationship. “What’s wrong? You didn’t want him telling me the truth? Is that why you wanted me to keep away from him?”
“What are you talking about?” Julian stopped in the middle of the living room, his heart pounding, nearly out of breath. “I wanted you to stay away from him because he’s a manipulative, twisted, dark witch. I wanted to keep you safe.”
“Or you didn’t want me to find out your secret!”
“Chris!”
“Stop lying to me, Julian. I know you’re a siphon. I know you’ve been sucking power off of me. Sage told me everything. Even about how you also told him you created illusions.”
“You don’t understand.”
“You lied to me.” Chris’s face turned red. His hands curled into fists. “You’ve been lying to me about everything. You should have told me what your power was. You should have been honest, about you and about me. What else have you been lying about? Do our other friends know about your siphoning? Do you take power from them, too?”
“Chris, calm down.” Julian opened his hands and put them up. “I was trying to protect you. I have never used you for your power. I love you. I love you for you, not your magic. I can’t help what I was born with.”
“But you lied and you kept lying. I deserved to know--I’m your partner. You suspected I was a seventh son, but you never said anything. Then you lied about creating illusions. That’s me. I created that illusion that day. I can do everything…can’t I? And you knew it.”
“I didn’t mean to lie, Chris. I was afraid.”
“Afraid of what?”
“Afraid you would end up just like Sage!” Julian yelled. “That kind of power, if used too much, too fast, corrupts. It is very seductive. I wanted you to grow into it with my help. I wanted to guide you, but I thought if I told you everything right away, you would rush to have it all. Do you see the color of his magic? The dark purple…it’s like a black light. It’s dark, Chris. He’s dark, and he wants to take you with him. He gained too much power too soon, and looked what it did to him…”
“Or he got tired of you taking his magic from him. You’re the one who kicked him out when he found out who you were.”
“It wasn’t like that Chris, not at all. See, he’s twisting things. I had to banish him to protect our town, to protect all of my friends. Did you see what he just did to the Yacht Club?”
“Because you pushed him into it. You attacked him and he lost control. It’s always you…you’re the catalyst. You two are bad for each other. It wouldn’t be like that for me and him.”
Julian’s heart sank. “What are you saying?”
The front door exploded before Chris could answer. Wood sailed through the room as Julian and Chris were knocked off their feet. 
Sage stomped into the house. “I won’t let you push me or Chris around anymore, Julian!” Sage roared. “I push back!” He pointed both hands at the fireplace and it ignited with fire. Flames flared out of it, rushing toward Julian and Chris.
Julian dove onto Chris and rolled him out of the way. He looked up to see Sage rushing toward him and waved his hand. 
The sofa slid across the room and nailed Sage, pinning him to the wall. He grimaced and writhed. Sage stretched his arms out, his chest heaving, his eyes glowing with purple light, and the sofa levitated into the air. “Catch, Julian!”
“Shit!” Julian grabbed Chris by the shirt collar and bolted into the kitchen. The sofa missed the two of them and crashed into the wall. Sage shot a stream of magic at them, knocking them down onto the kitchen floor.
Sage rounded the corner and Julian pointed to the butcher block on the kitchen island. Every knife in it ripped through the air and shot at Sage. The dark witch held up his hand and a shield formed over his body, deflecting every blade. He waved his hand in front of him and Julian lifted into the air. 
“Sage, no!” Chris called. “Please!”
“He’s holding you back. He’ll turn on you just like he did me, Chris.” Sage twisted his hand and Julian twirled upside down in mid-air. 
Julian felt the air squeezing from his body. He fought against the magical grip, trying to pull more magic to join with his own, when he saw Troy appear behind Sage, a huge smile on his face.
“Guys, Jonathan’s all right! We need to find…” Troy’s smile melted away the moment he stumbled on the scene. Sage turned to eye him. Troy put up both hands, blue light encircling them. “Not this time, asshole!” His hair stood on end as an electrical charge filled the air. He directed his right arm at Sage and a bolt of lightning shot through the window behind them and struck Sage, sending him reeling through the back door, glass shattering.
Julian fell to the floor and Troy rushed to his side, helping him up. “Are you guys all right?”
“Thanks, Troy. Just in time.” Julian hugged him as Chris stood by, visibly shaken.
“Guess I showed him this time.” Troy laughed.
“Oh, really?” Sage teleported back into the room. He shoved his hands into the air and the house rocked. He then pointed down at the floor and the kitchen tiles fluttered into the air, assaulting Julian and Troy. The hardwood in the living room tore from the floor and sailed across the house.
The wood splintered and lanced Troy’s arm. He screamed and went down, blood spraying the walls. The house trembled and shook. Chris fell to the floor. 
Julian deflected tiles and wood and stepped forward. His eyes glowed bright blue. His hands glowed intensely bright. Sage covered his eyes as every window in the house blew in, glass spraying directly at Sage. A sonic boom ripped through the air and Julian unleashed a blast of energy at Sage so powerful it sent him over the counters and against the living room wall. He smashed his head and crumpled to the floor, unconscious. 
“C’mon,” Julian called. “We need to get out of here while he’s out.” He put his arms around the stunned Chris. “Baby, will you come with me?”
Chris nodded, then noticed the wounded Troy. “My God, Troy.” He went to him and laid both hands on Troy’s arm. The wood splinters slid slowly out of his flesh as he held back his screams. The bleeding stopped and the wounds closed.
Troy’s eyes widened, a half smile crossing his lips. “Wow, Chris…thank you.”
Chris smiled.
“Guys” Julian continued. “We need some place to go. Someplace to hide while we recoup our strength.”
The three gathered together and hurried from the house, making their way down the street. 
###
Julian stood at the front door of the house, lifted his hand with hesitation, and knocked. 
Within a few moments, the door opened. “Boys!” Maggie’s face lit up. “This is a surprise. What are you doing here? Did we have plans I forget about?” She looked around at Julian, Chris and Troy. All were visibly upset and disheveled. Her smile faded. “Oh, my God…what’s wrong? What’s happened? Come in!”
They made their way inside. Julian saw Rosa suddenly stand from the sofa and join Maggie’s side. 
“We need somewhere to stay,” Julian said softly. 
“Of course,” she said, closing the door behind them. 
Julian noticed Rosa making the sign of the cross with her hands. He sensed something around her, an energy. “Thank you so much. We’re in a bit of trouble.”
“Were you attacked?” Maggie asked. “This is an outrage. We need to call the police.” She picked up her cell phone.
Julian put his hand over Maggie’s. “No, you can’t.”
“Why not? You need to report this. This is why they get away with shit like this. Guys, there’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
“It’s not like that,” Julian replied. “We weren’t bashed.”
“Then what is it?”
“We were attacked, just not that way. It’s something else.”
“What?” Maggie took Rosa’s hand. She was growing nervous and uncomfortable. She was speechless for the first time Julian had ever noticed.
“Julian, tell them,” Chris said firmly. 
He shook his head. “I can’t.” He turned to his partner. “Chris?”
“Tell them. You have to tell them.”
“I sense something dark,” Rosa said, clearing the way for Julian. “You need to tell us what’s going on.”
“I’m sorry, Rosa. I shouldn’t have involved you.”
“We’re your friends, sweetie,” Maggie said. “You can tell us anything. What’s going on?”
Chris glared at Julian. He sucked in some air and looked Maggie in the eyes. “Chris, Troy and I are witches.”
Maggie burst out laughing. “Oh, Julian…you are a character. C’mon, be serious. What’s really going on?”
Julian pointed to the vase on their fireplace mantle, willing it into the air, then setting it back down again. “I am serious.”
Maggie’s eyes widened, her mouth dropped open. “Rosa, did you see that…I mean, did you freaking see that? How did you do that?”
“We’re witches, Mags. We’re natural born witches, descended from the first witches of Raven Cove.”
“I knew it,” Rosa said. “I knew there was something different about you, and not just because you sleep with men.”
“Rosa!” Maggie scolded with a laugh. She turned back to Julian. “Why didn’t you ever tell us? We love you. Didn’t you think you could trust us?”
“We didn’t tell anyone,” Julian answered. “We tried to protect ourselves. We watch over the town and each other. It’s been a long guarded secret for generations. It’s just how things were.”
“It’s how you wanted them,” Chris said.
“That’s not true, Chris.” He went to touch Chris, but he pulled away. Julian felt his heart breaking. He turned back to Maggie and Rosa. “But now we’re in some trouble. We’re being hunted by a dark witch. He’s trying to get to Chris, and I’m not going to let him. He’s very powerful and…dangerous. We were hoping we could lay low here for a while until we come up with a plan.”
Maggie went up to Julian and took both of his hands into hers. “Anything you need. Stay here as long as you want. He won’t find you here.”
“We can do a little more than that,” Rosa said. She left the room and dashed upstairs. A moment later, she returned with a small black pouch. She pulled out a handful of what looked like chicken feathers and a small jar of oil. “Come here.” She gestured to Julian and the other guys. 
Rosa dabbed some oil onto her fingers and made the sign of the cross on each of the guys’ foreheads. Then she walked up to the front door. She brushed the feathers around its frame and across the bottom of it. She reached back into her pouch and pulled out some painted stones, placing them against the door.
“My grandmother’s faith is as old as witches themselves,” Rosa said to everyone. “The Loa will watch the door for us.”
“She was a Bruja, a priestess, wasn’t she?” Julian surmised.
Rosa nodded and walked to the sofa, taking a seat. 
Maggie was dumbfounded. “You never told me that,” she said, sitting next to her partner. “Sweetie, you could have told me. I know your family has a lot of deep beliefs.”
“You think it’s all just old superstition. I didn’t think you would understand. I’m sorry.”
“I’m sorry, too,” Maggie said, hugging Rosa and kissing her. “I never meant to make fun.” She looked back at the boys. “I think we’re all safe here now. Let’s get some dinner and open some wine. I think we could all use it.”
“Sound good to me!” Troy finally spoke. Everything was moving a bit too fast for him.
They headed for the kitchen, but Julian lagged behind. He approached Chris. “Please don’t be mad at me…please…everything I did was to protect you. Protect us.”
“How can I ever trust you?” Chris said.
“Don’t tell me you trust him over me?”
“He’s told me the truth. You haven’t.”
“He’s using the truth as a weapon. He’s already shown his true self.”
“Like you? How did you get that much power back at the house? Where did it come from?”
“You know where.”
“Say it, Julian.”
“I drew it from both you and Troy. I had to. He was hurting us. Did you see what he did to Troy?”
“You two need to settle this. It goes all the way back to thirteen years ago.”
“He hasn’t changed a bit, Chris. He has awful intentions towards all of us. He won’t stop until he gets you…please don’t give in. Don’t trust him. I’m sorry for all of this, Chris. Please forgive me. I love you.”
Chris took his hand. “I still love you, too. C’mon…let’s get some dinner and try to forget Sage tonight.”
Julian smiled. His heart swelled again. “Okay.” 
They walked hand in hand to the kitchen where Maggie was already pouring Troy the wine. 
Thirteen


JONATHAN felt his strength returning. He meditated, speaking with Troy through his mind, learning that they were hiding out at Maggie and Rosa’s. He also learned that his kidnapper was Sage Parrish, Julian’s first love. Jonathan almost laughed about it and couldn’t believe he had fallen into a trap, a portal of some sort. It hadn’t been meant for him. he figured. It had been for Chris all along. When it failed, Sage was forced to go to Raven Cove in person. 
He stood up and concentrated on the door again. He wriggled his fingers and summoned his magic. Jonathan thrust both hands out at the door and hurled a bolt of energy at it. The magic hit the door dead center and dispersed. 
“What is that door made of?” Jonathan sighed and approached the door. He felt the wood and examined the knob. “It’s just a wooden door, Jonathan. But it’s charmed somehow…ah…it keeps eating the energy I hurl at it.” 
The thought popped into Jonathan’s mind as if planted there. “I’m over-thinking this.” He locked his mind on the doorknob. It twisted and jiggled. Jonathan harnessed all of his power. His eyes glowed with blue light and he pulled his arm back with a sudden jerk. 
The doorknob ripped out of the door and flew across the room. The door creaked open. Jonathan slipped through it and entered a darkened hallway. He followed it as it turned left and then right until he came to a set of stairs leading up into some shallow light. 
Jonathan stepped up into an area with many small rooms. Some of the rooms had old bunks in them. Others were filled with debris and trash. The walls around him were sprayed with graffiti, some inverted pentagrams, faces of horned creatures, fire, and the word Nightshade scrawled in various handwriting. He paid them little attention and instead followed the small, naked bulbs of light to a pair of heavy metal doors. 
He pushed the doors open and encountered fresh air for the first time since his captivity. It hit him head on. Jonathan soaked in the night air, basking in it before plunging into the unknown. 
Trees surrounded him, and rough trails snaked off into different directions. He was in a forest or wooded land. He chose a trail to his left and let his instincts lead him. He was on guard, his pulse racing, his throat dry, and his muscles tense. His senses remained on high alert, registering every sound, every scent, and every stray movement. 
Above him, a blanket of stars appeared through the treetops, illuminating his way. Before long, the air grew thick and the smell of soot hung in it. Jonathan shivered. It was colder than he thought now that he was outside and in his new surroundings. He moved through the trees, carefully navigating the trail until he came upon a clearing. 
There was movement in it. He slowed. The orange glow of a bonfire made his view hazy and chaotic. Jonathan stopped and watched five black-robed figures appear around the fire. 
###
 Chris felt Julian press up against him in bed. His strong arm reached down his underwear and fondled him. He felt lips on his neck, tongue, warm tingling sensations stretching over his body. 
He took Julian’s hand and pulled it away from his dick. He turned to Julian. “I’m sorry, I can’t. Not tonight…”
“Please don’t push me away.”
“I’m not…I just can’t right now. It doesn’t feel right to me. Another time, I promise.”
“Okay.” Julian kissed his cheek, then the back of his neck. “I’m sorry, too. I should have known you wouldn’t be in the mood after all we’ve been going through.”
“It’s okay. Everything will be back to normal soon, I promise.”
Julian squeezed him gently but tightly. “Goodnight.”
Chris didn’t answer. He slid slightly away from Julian and pulled the sheets of Maggie and Rosa’s guest bed up tight, clinching them under his chin. His eyes grew heavy and he drifted… 
Sage’s visage appeared in his mind’s eye. Chris’s eyes popped back open, he looked at the digital clock across the room, and he was shocked to see that hours had gone by in the blink of an eye. Sage’s face smiled at him. Chris sat up, his legs dangling over the edge of the bed. 
I can feel you. Sage’s voice was in his head. As a seventh son you give off an energy signature. It’s like an echo that reaches out to the universe. I could find you anywhere. You can’t hide from me.
I’m not hiding from you.
I’ve been feeling you for a long time, since before your birthday. It was like a switch that was turned on. Your power is growing at a fast rate, Chris. Before long, you won’t be able to control it. I can help you. Julian isn’t cut out for this. I know exactly what you’ll be going through. Look inside of yourself. You know it’s coming.
Yes, you’re right. I do feel it. It’s like something bubbling just below the surface. I feel like there’s a floodgate inside of me getting ready to burst.
That’s right…a good way to put it. Come back with me, Chris. I’ll train you right this time and you can lead my coven by my side. No more being kept in the dark. No more holding you down.
I just don’t want anyone hurt. 
Of course not. Geoff is awake. Jonathan is freed and on his way back. Search your powers and you’ll sense them. I was true to my word.
Yes… I see them. Thank you. Chris turned over to see Julian sleeping soundly. He got up off the bed and paced. 
He’ll only keep lying to you. He’ll never be completely honest because he’s afraid of you. He’s not like us. He’ll only try to use your power and keep you under his control. I should know. I, more than anyone, know…
I’m getting so confused. There’s too much conflict between you two. It’s in the way. You’re both so angry at each other.
Everything I’ve said has been the exact truth. He always has an excuse for it, doesn’t he, Chris?
Chris stopped pacing and stared at Julian. Yes. He does. 
No excuses from me. No restrictions. No secrets. Just the magic and us. You know you belong with me. You can feel it.
I feel something for you…I do…it’s undeniable. Your face is in my thoughts all the time. I feel you close to me. Inside of me. There’s something…I don’t know…I should be with you…
Yes. That’s right, Chris. You do. I am the only one who can understand you. Hold on, baby. I’ll be right there. 
Chris smiled. 
Fourteen



WIND rattled the guestroom windows. Julian stirred and woke. He was sweating. He turned to his right and discovered Chris was not in bed with him. Concern washed through him. He rubbed his face with the palm of his hand and got out of bed.
He looked out the window and saw dark clouds brewing over the sea. The rain was just beginning to fall. He started downstairs, past Maggie and Rosa’s room, and past Troy in the third bedroom. 
When he reached the last step at the edge of the living room, he saw Chris standing in the middle of the room, shirt off, but jeans on. He looked sexy and lost at the same time. Something was a bit off.
“Chris?”
He turned and smiled at Julian. “He’s here.”
“No, baby, it’s just another sea storm. See?” Julian went to look out of the window when it shook. He stopped, terror gripping him. The window shuddered, the glass warped, the walls shook. A second later it ripped out of the house, frame and all. A thunderous bellow rocked the entire house, followed by the sound of shattering glass. Screams filled the air. Maggie, Rosa and Troy rushed downstairs.
Sage floated up through the gaping hole the window had left in the house. “Ya know, there is more than one way into a house, not just a door.” He landed on the floor and put his hand out to Chris. “Are you ready?”
“He’s not going anywhere,” Julian yelled and raced at Sage.
Sage wove his hand and a gust of wind blasted through and carried Julian across the room. 
Troy powered up, attempting to turn the wind back on Sage, but Sage blasted him with a stream of purple energy. Troy surged into the air and plunged into the kitchen.
“Back, dark one!” Rosa pulled a crystal egg out of her robe pocket. It was painted with the symbols of the Loa. “You will not touch them.”
Sage smiled. “You think your primitive tribal magic is any match for mine? Ladies, please, let the adults work things out.” He snapped his fingers and Rosa’s egg shattered. He wove his hand and both Maggie and Rosa were flung to the sofa where a magical barrier held them in place. “Now, boys, where were we?”
Julian was already back on his feet. He hit Sage with an energy ball, sending him crashing over a chair, a table, and smashing into one of Maggie’s lamps. Julian rushed over to Chris and grabbed his arm. “Chris, c’mon! We need to get out of here.”
Chris seemed strange, out of it, his eyes glazed. He stared at Sage with a look of joy forming on his face. 
“Chris, now.” Julian dragged him out of the room and into the kitchen, where he helped Troy to his feet. The three of them ran out of the back doors and down the deck stairs. They raced across the wet beach as the rain beat down on them. Julian reached for his cell and dialed Noah.
Sage teleported in front of them. He hit Julian square in the chest with his open palm and sent him sailing through the air. 
Julian hit the sand hard, pain lancing his back and ribs. He struggled to get up and saw Troy wielding lightning out of the sky and around his head before diving for Sage. The dark witch seized Troy by the throat, lifting him off the ground.
Noah appeared beside Sage. “This wasn’t part of our deal.” Noah willed Sage into the air, using his telekinesis to fling him aside. Troy fell to the ground, gasping for air as Noah helped him to his feet. 
Sage’s eyes narrowed, his face flushed red. “We have no deal.” He streamed magic at both Noah and Troy, knocking them off their feet. 
Julian tackled Sage from behind and both men rolled across the sand. Julian managed to climb on top of his former lover and punched him in the face, then again and again until blood seeped from Sage’s nose.
“Is that all you’ve got? Tell me how you really feel, lover.” Sage grabbed Julian by his head and shocked him with dark magic. 
Agony ripped through Julian. He screamed, falling off of Sage and rolling across the ground. His arms and legs tingled, and his chest felt like an elephant was sitting on it. He glimpsed Chris on the beach…he was on his knees, his eyes welling, looking up at the rain. Chris cried. 
“Chris!”
Troy and Noah both hurled their blue magic at Sage, but he encased himself in a shield, easily deflecting it. 
Julian crawled toward Chris while Sage was distracted, his face laced with scratches, his lip bleeding. “Chris! Chris...what’s wrong!”
###
Jonathan crept to the edge of the clearing, obscuring himself behind a tree. He watched the five robed men form a circle around their bonfire. 
One of them broke the circle and brandished a large, black-handled sword. He traced a circle around the group with the tip of the blade, then joined the others. They lit black candles atop several gold pedestals. 
Another in the group perfumed the circle with a foul-smelling incense, waving a gold burner and chain around the other members, smoking them with the fumes. 
The men joined hands and began to chant. They raised their voices in harmony with each other. Chills spilled over Jonathan as some of his memories began to flood back to him. He’d seen a ritual like this before when he’d stumbled on that portal and was kidnapped. This was the same ritual…
Jonathan’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a goat. The men pulled the goat into the center of the circle. The man with the sword lifted his blade into the air and called praise to the Goddess Hecate. He swung the blade and slaughtered the goat. 
A moment later, all five men dropped their robes and rubbed the goat’s blood over their naked bodies. They chanted again, louder, faster. A ball of light appeared in the air to their left, not far from Jonathan. He watched with stunned terror as the ball stretched into another portal.
###
“You’ve broken him,” Sage said as he approached Julian and Chris. “You should have told him what he was, Julian.”
“You son of a bitch!” Julian roared, getting to his feet. “What did you do to him? What kind of black magic spell did you cast on him? What?”
“I’ve done nothing to him,” Sage replied. “Yet.”
Julian screamed and pointed at Sage, unleashing a stream of magic on him. Noah and Troy joined him, launching theirs at him as well.
Sage laughed, holding up his hand and bouncing it back at them. Blue magic blasted both Noah and Troy, but Julian leaped out of the way. He rolled to his feet and put out both of his hands. 
Julian’s heart jumped, his breathing grew rapid. His body burned as if with fever. He used his siphoning gift and drew power from both Troy and Noah. His eyes glowed, and his fingers crackled with magic. His chest illuminated from the inside. He pointed to Maggie and Rosa’s deck and willed the patio furniture off it.
A table and chair sailed through the wind and rain and collided with Sage, knocking him to the ground. He fell onto his belly and crawled to his knees. 
Julian blasted him with magic, pitching it into the air, then down again. 
“Chris!” Sage called. “Please! Don’t let him kill me! He’s sucking all of your powers! Please…Chris!”
Julian clapped his hands together and a wave of magic rippled across the beach, whipping sand into the air and zapping Sage again. 
Sage screamed and rolled to the edge of the sea. “Chris! He’s going to kill me…Chris!” Sage closed his eyes and writhed, cowering against the oncoming Julian. “Chris…” he whimpered now. “Chris…”
Julian stood before him, his hand surging with power. “We’ve had enough. Get out of our town or I will destroy you this time. If you ever come near me or mine again I--”
A blast of powerful magic struck Julian from behind and sent him down face first. His power drained as he looked up to see Chris standing above him. “Chris!”
“No more lies,” Chris said. “No more…no more…you never understood me. You can’t help me with my powers…but I know who can.” He stepped around Julian and put his hand out to Sage.
 Sage took it and climbed to his feet. He shot a knowing smile at Julian as a huge portal opened behind them.
“Chris! No! Nooooo!” Julian screamed, tears streaming down his cheeks. “Chris!” 
Julian watched helplessly as Sage took Chris’s hand and the two of them stepped through the portal. He jumped to his feet and raced toward the magical opening, but it vanished as he drew near. He felt to his knees again, sobbing, his heart shattering. Something died in Julian. The love of his life had walked out of his life, and with none other than the darkest witch he’d ever known. He bowed his head and screamed…
“Julian.” Noah put his hand on Julian’s shoulders. “I’m so sorry…” 
Julian slowly got to his feet and put his arms around Noah. He cried into his chest, unable to find roots.
“Come on,” Noah said. “I’ll take you home.”
“I’ll go check on Maggie and Rosa,” Troy said as he headed back to the house. 
Noah put his arm around Julian to support him, then teleported the both of them away from the beach.
###
It’s either now or never. Jonathan saw his chance and took it. He raced into the clearing as the portal opened. He jumped over the bonfire and leaped into the portal. Two figures passed him as he hurled himself through. 
Jonathan fell to the ground, a nauseous feeling assaulting him. He looked around and noticed he was in the exact place he’d been in before he disappeared. The last place he had been riding his bike when he saw the first portal. He shook his head as the rain came down on his face. He laughed and laughed and only had one thought. Troy. 
He started walking through the trees and down various trails until he came to the state park and its main area. A huge grin seemed permanently plastered onto his face. He stopped and sat on a park bench. 
Troy…I’m back! I’m back! Please! Come pick me up...I can’t wait to see you. I love you. 
Fifteen



TROY skidded to the side of the road and stopped the car. He saw Jonathan waiting for him at the picnic tables that littered the public grounds. 
To say that Troy was elated and overjoyed didn’t even begin to describe all of the feelings running through him. He shut off the car, opened the door, and ran to Jonathan, tears welling in his eyes. 
The two embraced, kissing as they had never before. The sun radiated over the two lovers, blessing their reunion.
“I missed you so much,” Troy said, kissing Jonathan’s face, his cheek, his ears, his lips. He hugged him so tight he thought he might be hurting him.
Jonathan laughed and smiled, then laughed again. “I never thought I’d see you again. I thought I was trapped in a stone wall forever. I love you so much, Troy. I’m so happy to be in your arms.”
“Don’t ever leave me again…ever…” Troy whispered into this ear.
“Never, Troy, never.”
“C’mon,” Troy said. “We’re all going to visit Geoff. He came out of his coma.”
“Thank the Goddess.” Jonathan put his arm around Troy and let him lead him all the way to the car. 
###
Julian stood at Geoff’s bedside. Josh had just left and was out preparing for Geoff’s return home. Julian took Geoff’s hand. “I’m so glad you’re okay. We were all worried about you.”
“No one is happier than me,” Geoff said with smile. “This was my worst nightmare come true.”
“What do you mean?”
“This was the reason I was always afraid to use the gift I was born with. I always thought if I left my body, I could never get back to it. It always felt like dying every time I left my body.”
Julian nodded. “I understand now. I’m sorry I never took your worries seriously.” He put his hand to Geoff’s cheek and kissed his head.
“It’s okay, really. Hey, where’s Chris? Is he coming by later?”
Julian grew solemn. He looked Geoff in the eyes. “Chris isn’t coming. He’s gone.”
“Gone?”
“I lost the love of my life, Geoff. I lost him. He went with Sage. Both of them vanished through a portal. They could be anywhere in the world. Wherever Chris is, he isn’t here. It—it—hurts like hell.”
“I’m sorry, Julian.” Geoff squeezed Julian’s hand. “If there’s anything I can do…”
“Thank you. Right now, I just feel numb…”
“Hey!” Noah came into the room, carrying a bottle of champagne. “For you,” he said to Geoff. “We can crack it open when you get home.”
“Thanks, Noah.”
“No problem.” He turned to Julian. “Are you okay?”
Julian nodded. “No…but maybe someday.”
Noah put his arm around him. “We’re all here for you.”
Julian managed a weak smile and put his arm around Noah.
“There he is!” Jonathan called as he and Troy entered the room.
“Jonathan!” Geoff’s eyes lit up. “You’re back and you’re okay!”
“Thanks to all of you!” Jonathan made his way across the room and stretched out over Geoff’s hospital bed. They hugged each other, tight and strong. “Thank you for trying to find me and for risking your life for me. If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t be in this place.”
“It’s nothing. Any one of us would have done the same thing…but I’m the only one who can astral travel.”
“You can keep it,” Jonathan said. “I’m fine inside my own body anytime.”
The room filled with laughter, all except Julian. He wanted to break down crying again, but Josh entered the room with a wheelchair. 
“Here we go,” Josh said. “You’re all set to checkout.”
“Thank you,” Geoff said. “You’re the greatest. Isn’t he the greatest, guys?”
“Yes…yes…” they all agreed and chuckled. 
They helped Geoff from his bed into the wheelchair and Josh pushed him into the hallway. Everyone followed but Julian.
“I’ll catch up with you guys,” he said.
Noah turned back to him. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I’ll see you at Geoff’s. I promise.”
“Okay.” Noah squeezed his arm and kissed him on the cheek. 
Julian looked around the room, then sat on the bed. He recalled the last battle with Sage, and again that wicked smile of Sage’s flashed in his memory. Sage was a seventh son; he shouldn’t have been defeated so easily at the end. It was too easy. No…he needed Chris to believe it. Needed Chris to come to his aid and feel sympathy for him. Julian shook his head and left the room. 
He walked down the hallway and decided to take the stairs down to the parking lot. He got into his car and swore he could smell Chris there. The car carried his scent and the memories flooded back, nearly overwhelming him. He could see the time they fooled around in the backseat and the time Chris spilled a chocolate shake all over the front seat.
The visions brought a smile to Julian’s face, but they were soon replaced by a dismal reality. “Chris…where are you? Where in the world are you?” He punched the steering wheel as the tears fell. His entire life had changed in an instant. How was he supposed to go on? How was he supposed to pick up the pieces? All the magic in the world couldn’t heal these wounds. Had he done it all wrong? Had he made a mistake not telling Chris everything from the beginning? He was sure that too fast would have led to Chris becoming just like Sage, his first love. Not telling him had lead to it anyway. The exact same thing had happened. Well, not exactly the same…Sage had moved things along rather quickly. Hadn’t he?
He wasn’t sure what he was going to do. There was a hole in his heart and a missing piece to his soul. He dreaded going home to his empty house--the quiet, the long nights, the vacant bed. 
He turned on the car, pulled out of the parking lot, and headed over to Geoff’s. He gripped the steering wheel hard as anger seeped into his broken heart. He bore down on the gas and raced across town. He pulled into Geoff’s driveway in no time.
Julian got out and slammed the door shut. He looked around at the beautiful sunny day and blue skies, and he watched the puffy clouds float by and clenched his fists.
I am not letting him go. 


The story continues in “Under His Spell” –The Boys of Raven Cove Book 2. 
Other Tiles by J. Ashburn


The Beast Within Trilogy

Book 1: Man and the Beast
Book 2: Lure of the Beast
Book 3: Moon of the Beast


Short Stories

Matt’s Story-A Beast Within Short
 The Sons of Loki





Connect with J. Ashburn

Website: http://jashburnfiction.wordpress.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/jashburnfiction
Email: jashburnfiction@outlook.com 
