Victoria Klahr
Copyright 2013 by Victoria Klahr
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locals, are entirely coincidental.

That’s a Promise
Copyright © Victoria Klahr, 2013
First published 2013
Published by Victoria Klahr
Email: victoria_klahr_author@yahoo.com
URL: http://victoriaklahrwrites.blogspot.com
www.facebook.com/victoriaklahrauthor
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a database and retrieval system or transmitted in any form or any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the owner of copyright and the above publishers.
Original illustrations/ Photographs by Grace Vang
Cover art design by Samantha Bagood
That’s a Promise
Klahr, Victoria
 
 
 
That’s a Promise
by
Victoria Klahr

For Alexis- who has always shown me what it means to love and be loved unconditionally, and who has always been the source for my own happiness  

“Because there’s nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline, no matter how many times it’s sent away.” –Sarah Kay 
 
Chapter 1
Sunday Present
When I pictured my life six years ago, I’m pretty sure that where I am right now would not have been in that image.
I’m in a sea of black. The beautiful, May day gives no impression that there is any sadness or grief in the air. It’s one of those days that you want to spend outside, smelling the new blooming flowers, getting some sun, and walking in the grass barefoot, but none of those things hold any interest for me. 
Everything is a blur around me, a haze that is just as depressing as I am inside. I know people are talking to me, but I don’t hear them. They express sadness in their words, but most never sympathized with us before today. They talk as if they knew us, but where were they before? They live their lives talking shit behind people’s backs, but don’t see the hypocrisy in their fake condolences.
I’ve learned to ignore the whispers and stares, a lesson learned repeatedly as I grew up in what some would call an “unconventional” household. Apparently punching everyone who bullies you isn’t the socially acceptable way to handle it, so I try to just ignore them. I don’t want or need to let in any of their negativity, so I remain quiet. There’s been enough sadness in our lives, and there is no need for nasty words from nosey neighbors to add onto that pain.
I watch as a person in a black suit finishes shoveling dirt into the cold, deep grave. I focus on the earth closing around the person I loved so immensely and to whom I felt so close. The ground is consuming the casket and taking my loved one away into a lonely pit, permanently putting an end to access with the best person I will ever know.
I look to my dad sitting next to me. He is distraught, but well medicated for the occasion. But the medicated cloud in his eyes still cannot hide the overbearing sorrow that he is feeling. He seems to have aged ten years in the past week. He was once the strongest and most commanding person I knew, but today, he looks like a child. He doesn’t speak, doesn’t do anything except for the essentials. He exists, but he’s not living. He looks up at me and I feel like maybe he wants to reach out and say something to comfort me, but I know that his internal pain is limiting him from showing affection. I put my hand on his shoulder to show that I’m here, hoping he understands what I mean. 
People are finally leaving. Leaving us behind to grieve together in peace. Which is a lie. There is no peace for us, and there won’t be for a long time. With all of the preparations for the funeral complete, I have all the time in the world to sit in “peace” and think about the gravity of what I just lost.  That’s not peace. That’s torture. 
“Dad,” I speak out to my father who is still sitting in the chair that was provided for him, “I think that maybe we should head back to the house.” He still sits there giving me no inclination that he heard me suggest our departure. 
“Dad,” I try again, after a minute, “let’s say goodbye, and go home.” I can’t stand to be here any longer.
He starts to stand slowly and walks over to the mound of dirt covering a life that was once vibrant and lively. He collapses onto the dirt, and at first I am startled by the sudden fall. Once I hear the heart wrenching sobs that escape his mouth, I understand that he is saying his goodbye. I hear him murmuring about his undying love, and decide to give him some privacy.
I look towards the entrance of the cemetery, shaking myself out of the haze that I was just in. I don’t even remember walking this far to get to the grave site, but I don’t want to remember, so I don’t try to conjure up the memory. 
I see a figure leaning against one of the nearby trees, and I start to sweep my eyes past until recognition hits me in the chest like a ton of bricks. I don’t think he wanted to be seen, but he was caught and he knows it. My throat starts to constrict and I feel pain clogging my chest and throat. 
He hasn’t changed much since the last time I saw him, except that he has no smile on his face today. He’s still breathtakingly handsome… but he’s also still the asshole I left behind the café a year ago. 
Why is he here? I wonder. How dare he show his face here on a day like today?
I am in such a state of shock that I lose all concept of space and time. Time seems to have stood still and blurred around me as I take him in. I stare at him for a good two minutes before I jerk back to reality. He gives me a small wave with a slight lift of his beautiful lips. It is a sad and withdrawn smile, enough for me to know that he knows exactly what happened. I glare back at him, not in any mood to be civil, and start stomping my way towards him. I am intent on giving him a piece of my mind. He has no right to be here. 
As I near closer to him, he pulls himself from the tree and walks towards me. We meet up and we are so close, that I almost forget the reason why I came up to him. In my mind’s stuttering state, he speaks first.
“Hi Josie,” he says. His deep dominant voice washes over me, and I am mad that it thrills me to hear his voice again. I swallow down any excitement he’s giving me, and try to keep my guard intact. 
“What the hell are you doing here?” I hiss. “I’m pretty sure I made it clear that I never wanted to see you again. How dare you show your face here?”
“Jo… I just wanted to come and say how sorry I am about your loss. I heard about what happened, and I couldn’t just not come see how you were doing,” he responds, sadness clear in his voice. Hearing him use my nickname with his gentle voice makes me weak. I wrap my arms around my body to try and keep my anger from being impacted by his gentleness.
“I don’t want you here,” I whisper back, looking anywhere but at him. I didn’t want him to see me break down ever again, but between my loss and seeing him again, I don’t know if I will be able to hold back. In that one sentence, filled with the longing and sadness that I didn’t want to show, I have made it clear to him that I am still hurting over what happened. 
“I understand, Jo. I just needed to make sure you’re ok. I know how hard this is for you.” He slowly starts to reach out his hand, and while my cheek tingles at the thought of his perfect hands touching even an inch of my body, I think he knows that his touch is unwelcome. As I turn the slightest fraction away, he lets his hand fall back to his side, a look of regret crossing his face. 
“I can’t do this. Dad needs me right now. I have to take him back to the house,” I say, wanting to get rid of him and the memories he is bringing back.
“Let me come help you for the day. We can catch up and I can help you with things. Today is tough as it is, let me help,” he says to me, confidence and determination starting to come back into his personality. This is the man I knew. 
I hear footsteps come up behind me as my dad walks up to us. He simply stands there, lost in a world I don’t want to enter. He said his goodbye and now he’s retreated back into his shell. I look up to my unexpected visitor and get ready to tell him goodbye for the last time, but he beats me to it.
“Mr. Sommers, I am so sorry for your loss,” he says softly to him. My dad nods slightly. “Josie and I were just talking about heading back to the house to catch up and throw away some of the food that your neighbors sent over,” he gives me a sly smile, and then returns his attention to my dad. “Would one extra person be ok?”
My dad grunts and we both know him well enough to know that he has accepted the request for more company. I shake my head at his response.
“Dad, go ahead to the car. I’ll be there in a couple minutes,” I say, in hopes to convince this annoying person to leave. When Dad is almost to the car, I whip myself around to face the stubborn man and scowl at him. He has a small cocky smirk playing on his lips, and I don’t like how distractingly handsome he still is.
“You need to leave and never come back around here or me again. I can barely even look at you without wanting to punch you in your stupid face!” I say. The last part is only partially true; a part of me wants to hit him again, and the other part wants to kiss him again. His smile grows a little after he hears me say that, because he knows me well enough to know that I really do want to hit him.
“I get that you never wanted to see me again after the last time, Josie. Just let me be here for you today. Let me be your friend for this one time. I can help. You know I can help,” he says, sincerity in his tone. I know he can help, but that scares me
I take a deep breath and try to sort out my thoughts. He is the last person I need to be talking to, and the first person I want to talk to since this happened. I remember exactly who is standing before me, and I know without a doubt that if I let him back in, I will be hurt and betrayed all over again. 
Chapter 2
September Four Years Earlier
“I’m so excited to start classes today!” I exclaimed to my roommate, Brooke. I finally made it to the university, and I was starting classes that week. I had been through a lot in the last two years, and I was beyond excited about getting out, meeting new people, and learning refreshing new coursework that would “stimulate” my mind. 
Brooke was sitting in front of the mirror applying make-up to her already perfect face, and I was sitting on the ledge of my bed in our shared dorm, thinking about the upcoming school year. Butterflies were in my stomach and there was anxiousness creeping through my blood. My body couldn’t decide what it wanted to feel. 
Brooke swiveled in her pink chair and looked at me.
“I swear you are the strangest nerd I know,” she said.  I smirked at her before turning back to my thoughts.
That wasn’t the first time she had said something like that. She had gotten to know me a little bit over the summer, and she knew early on that I loved to read and going to school. But she always said that I never looked like a nerd because I had the whole “exotic beauty” thing going on. I personally thought that she was undoubtedly prettier than me. I wasn’t insecure about myself, but I did know that she was really beautiful. She had light blonde hair that was cropped into a cute bob. She had bright blue eyes, was a gorgeous 5’6,” and had the cutest button nose on her face. She brightened a room because of her “girl next door” beauty and charms. She was a smart girl, but sometimes I wondered where she came up with the things that came out of her mouth.
We had become good friends once we found out we would be rooming together for the school year. We were both juniors at North Carolina State University, but it was my first year there because I was transferring from a community college. Some personal things delayed my entrance to the college. 
My parents and I lived in Wilson, North Carolina and Brooke’s parents lived in Goldsboro. When we realized that we were only thirty minutes away from each other, we took the opportunity to hang out during the summer. She was a great friend to have during that time in my life, helping me forget about my issues and helping me focus on how to be a normal twenty year old college student. 
I was lost in my thoughts when she started snapping her manicured fingers in front of my face. “Earth to Josie! You’re gonna be late if you don’t start heading out!”
“Shit!” I exclaimed when I looked at the clock on my desk that was in front of my bed. 
One of my worst fears was that I would be late to one of my classes. I seriously had nightmares where I was the only one in class who did not turn in my homework, or was the last person to enter the room. Talk about embarrassing! A couple days earlier I had timed my walk to class as twelve minutes, so I rushed out of the room with a quick goodbye to Brooke, and hurried to class. 
My first class of the day was an English class; I always loved English because of how broad the interpretations of the written language can be. It was a comfort zone to me, and I knew that it would be my best class. I also knew that I would see a familiar face when I got there, so I wasn’t as nervous about that class as I was my other classes. I got to the classroom with five minutes to spare, and I searched for an empty seat. I found my friend turned around backwards in his seat, talking to two blondes that were seated behind him. They were giggling at something he said, when I walked up to the seat next to him. 
“Hey, Pussy Cat, I was worried you were gonna be late, since you weren’t the first person here. Thought your worst nightmares may have come true.” He spared me a glance when he spoke, but he turned back to the girls behind him and winked at them.
I rolled my eyes at his typical behavior, and responded in my typical snarky fashion.
“Hey Seth, I talked to your mom last night; she said you need to call her back.” I leaned in closer to him and said in a loud whisper, “She said the doctor called back about the STD results… it’s important.” I smirked at him and started taking out my laptop and textbooks for the start of class. 
I heard him chuckle and turn around in his seat as the professor walked into the classroom to start the class lecture. We were given the course syllabus and list of required readings for the semester, and other than that, the class was uneventful. I looked over at my friend slouched in his chair, barely paying attention, and I smiled. He was doodling on his binder, a binder that no one could tell was brand new because he had already drawn all over it. 
Seth had been my best friend since we were six years old, when we met on the playground during recess. I fell half-way across the monkey bars, and he called me a ‘sissy’. I straightened up and looked him in the eyes and punched him in the face as hard as my scrawny arms could muster. He cried out, and I then proceeded to call him a ‘pussy’ and walked away. We were both sentenced to a week of being on the sideline while everyone else played, and that’s when we became best friends. 
Seth had sandy blonde hair that was a little long, but he sprayed it so that it was a sexy mess on top of his head. He had gorgeous blue green eyes that made every girl melt when he looked their way. He was extremely handsome, and he rocked the alternative kind of style. He was always casual in some worn out jeans and black t-shirts. He really didn’t need anything extra, because he was so attractive. He was an artist, and he expressed it by having a lot of art tattooed all over his body and some body piercings.  
Seth always had a sexy tan coating his smooth skin, and I loved how his tattoos looked even sexier against his skin like that. He was fit and muscular, because his parents owned a farm and he always helped them with the workload, but he wasn’t overly muscular. His passion and desire in life was to be a photographer, and I knew he would succeed because he was amazing with a camera. 
While Seth was extremely flirtatious and was handsome enough to pick up women every time we went out, he was also a really good person and friend. I wouldn’t trade our friendship for anything. He, like Brooke, had helped me out a lot, not only in the past year, but also for the past fourteen years of our friendship. I owed him my life. 
He caught me staring at him, and he gave me a big smile that made most women puddle at his feet, but right then, made me extremely happy. 
When class was dismissed, we got up and walked out of the classroom. He walked next to me as we headed towards our next classes.
“You know, Josie, you are really going to kill my swag if you keep spreading rumors about me like that,” he said to me in mock seriousness. 
“I couldn’t kill your swag if I tried,” I huffed out a laugh. “You could tell a girl that you were gay, and they still would want a chance with you.” It was most certainly true. 
While walking down the halls, I was abruptly pushed to the side by a big brawny football player who was rushing down the hall after someone. He knocked the books out of my hands, and my temper started to rise at the unwanted touch and rude intruder. I may have come a long way, but I still had issues with most men touching me. I didn’t understand why the kid couldn’t just watch where he was going.
“Hey! Watch where you’re going, asshole!” I yelled after him. My deadly glare to the back of his head went unnoticed, but I liked to think I made his karma just a little bit worse with that look.
I bent over to grab my books, but there was already a guy bent over picking them up for me. His hands brushed mine, and I immediately pulled back. I never let a man initiate touching, and even though it felt like a spark traveled up my arm, I recoiled at his touch. Not only did I not have control over how he touched me, but I couldn’t control the pleasant feeling it gave me. After he picked up the books, he rose and handed them over to me. I was struck by how handsome he was. My surroundings were literally lost around me, and the focus of the world seemed to rest solely on this man. 
He was dressed in nice dark jeans, and a black button down shirt over a fitted red t-shirt. He had dark brown hair that was cropped close to his head, but just enough to get a slight tug on it. He had broad shoulders in a dominant and confident kind of way, and you could see the definition of his muscles under his shirt; I knew he could pick me up easily if I let him. When he came to full height, I noticed he had gorgeous deep dark, coke-brown eyes and a nose that was slightly crooked. He had a strong jaw and a square chin, which screamed intense and sexy to me. 
A layer of a five o’clock shadow rested against his jaw perfectly. That little bit of scruff made him look even more handsome and masculine. He was also extremely tall; he towered over my 5’2” frame at about 6’2”. He was so handsome he almost took my breath away. 
Almost.
He was just a guy. Nothing to suffocate over. He smirked at me as I tried to shake myself from the embarrassing blatant act of checking him out.
“Here you go,” he said. With a slight shake of his head, he added, “Some people have no respect.”
I looked up at him and said, “Yeah. Asshole just knocked right into me and didn’t even acknowledge me.”
Seth looks over at me from where he was standing not doing anything to help and chuckled. “He looked like he could have killed you if he was any closer to you. You could have died!” he teased. I rolled my eyes at him and slipped my books into my backpack. I slipped the backpack onto my shoulder, and gave a slight raise of my hand to say goodbye to the stranger who helped me. 
“See you around, Josie,” he called out to me as I started walking past him. I turned slightly and furrowed my brows in confusion as to how he knew my name, but he was already walking away.
“Did you tell him your name?” Seth asked.
“No… that’s strange,” I said. We continued to walk down the halls of the building until we came to the door that led to my next class. “Anyway, this is me. I will see you after classes later.”
“Ok. See ya later, Pussy Cat.”
I rolled my eyes at the stupid nickname he had been calling me for years and walked into the classroom, away from the sound of him chuckling at my expense.
The next class was Life Science for Elementary Students, which was taught by none other than Dr. Smith (allegedly the most boring professor on campus). Luckily, Brooke was enduring the class with me, so I wasn’t too worried about falling asleep at my desk. She was already sitting in her seat when I walked in, so I sat in the seat next to hers. 
She leaned over and whispered (well, her version of whispering), “So, I was talking to this guy at the coffee shop before class, and he said that there is this house party going on tonight at one of the senior soccer player’s house. He said we should come, but that it wasn’t supposed to be a big party so we need to keep it quiet.”
“Why didn’t Seth say anything? He’s on the soccer team too.”
She swiveled back around, and shrugged her shoulders, “I don’t know. Maybe he forgot. Or maybe…” She turned abruptly to look at me, eyes wide. She continued, “…they are brainwashing him into thinking that he can’t trust his friends anymore. I read about that somewhere on the internet once. This girl was on the cheerleading squad, and they found out that the team was brainwashing her, and that’s why she stopped hanging out with her old friends and started drinking all the time.” And that statement was exactly why I wondered where she came up with half the things that spilled out of her mouth.
“Hmmm, that’s an interesting theory. However, I am going to have to say that that is probably not what happened,” I replied, and chuckled under my breath. 
She shrugged her shoulders again, and turned back towards the front of the class. She said, “Oh well, just a hypotenuse.”
“Hypothesis,” I said lightly, trying to hold in a laugh. I swear this girl was going to kill me. In addition to her conspiracy theories, she also had problems with how to correctly say things. She was always changing the words to songs and getting different phrases wrong. She was smart, but she obviously made some silly mistakes. 
The professor started the lecture, and I suddenly understood why everyone said that he was the most boring teacher on campus. I sunk deeper into my seat, and prepared myself for the monotonous lecture. I looked around the classroom at the other students who were also half asleep. My eyes caught with someone else who was looking in my direction. I gave a small smile to him, and he winked at me. Winked at me! He had really blonde hair and looked like a slimy preppy boy who plays tennis as a hobby, so all I could do was glare at him. I had an immense, albeit strange, aversion to guys with super blonde hair. I didn’t look around the class again after that. 
I only had two classes on Monday and Wednesday, so I was done for the rest of the day. I told Brooke I would see her later once the class ended, and started to walk back to my room. I decided to take a longer route to my dorm so I could enjoy the weather, and texted Seth. 
Me: Why didn’t you tell me there was a party tonight?
 
Seth: How did you find out about it? We were all supposed to only invite like one person. I was gonna invite you later 
 
Me: k. Well, Brooke thinks that they may be brainwashing your team, so you may want to keep an eye out for that ;)
                                                                                                                
Seth: Ahh… thanks for the warning. I’ll ttyl
 
Me: k
 
I am usually really good about texting and walking, but it seemed that my luck that day was wearing thin. I was knocked into, yet again, by a blonde bitch who just kept walking. She didn’t turn around and apologize for rudely walking into me, or for knocking the phone out of my hands. It’s not that hard to apologize for knocking into someone, why couldn’t she just say sorry?
 
“You have got to be fucking kidding me!” I bent down to pick up the pieces, and when I came up, I found a familiar face in my bubble of personal space. I backed away from his handsome face which held a small amused grin. The grin turned into a smile, and it warmed my insides seeing such a genuine happiness in his expression.
 
“We should really stop meeting like this. Are you always like this?” He asked, humor lacing his beautiful deep voice. There was a slight southern drawl in his voice, which wasn’t uncommon for the people who lived around here. It wasn’t overbearing, though, which made it even sexier. 
 
“Yeah, it seems like the people around here are inconsiderate assholes who seem to think I have a desire to be knocked around.”
 
He smiled at me again. “Well, if you need any lessons in how to walk, I like to consider myself an expert.” It took me aback a little that he was teasing me, but it felt good. A lot of people I came in contact with usually kept their distance. 
He was being sarcastic, and that was always a trait I really admired in people. The best way to get through life is to have a sense of humor about it. Of course, there were some exceptions. Some things can never be funny. 
“Ah funny guy. I don’t need lessons, thank you very much. I just need people to pay attention.” I glared at the girl who knocked into me. She seemed to be waiting for the stranger who kept witnessing my clumsy hands. I glared some bad karma in her direction while I stared at her. 
I turned my attention back to the handsome specimen, and took him in again. He seemed to make my insides squirm just by looking at him. There was something wrong with me; it was like I was having difficulty getting a good breath around him. I stepped back a little, positive being close to him was making me worse… or stupid. 
Is it just me or did he get hotter since the last time I saw him? I thought.
Over the past summer, I had gone to a couple of parties and met other people, but I hadn’t ever really felt an attraction to anyone other than Seth. I hadn’t been able to feel attracted to any guys since the incident two years ago. This sexy stranger had a handsome smile, and I knew that if he ever pursued me, there would be no way that I could just ignore him. He would be a hard one to shrug off, mostly because I didn’t think I would even want to. 
There wasn’t much else to say, and I didn’t want to further humiliate myself by just standing there, so I got ready to tell him a simple goodbye and be on my way. I wasn’t expecting him to lean into me before I could get away, sending my senses into a tizzy with his close proximity and his sensual smell of rain and citrus. I don’t know how I was able to define exactly how he smelled, but it was intoxicating and I didn’t want him to move. 
As ridiculous as it sounds, I was practically drooling with him so close to me. I swallowed the excess salivation that was pooling in my mouth, and I made a big gulping sound while I did it, adding to my humiliation. I internally rolled my eyes at my awkwardness, and tried to make myself look more confident by straightening my stance and lifting my head. He was only an inch away from me, and while his height was a little intimidating, I was kind of enthralled by him. Definitely intrigued. 
“The soccer team is throwing a party tonight, so I hope you can make a grand entrance that doesn’t involve you sprawled out all over the floor. I’ll see you there, Josie,” he said to me softly and without waiting for an answer to his not-so-much invite. 
He winked and walked towards the girl who was waiting impatiently. She eagerly put her hands on him when he came up to her, and I noticed that he didn’t initiate any touching. It made me feel a little better to see his reluctance to put himself all over the girl who knocked into me apathetically. 
Who is this guy? I wondered. And why the hell do I care?
Chapter 3
 
I finished my walk to the dorm room, and climbed onto my bed so I could lie down. 
I pictured the smile and handsome face of the stranger who kept witnessing my clumsiness. That smile. Looking up to see his face, and catching that smile. I couldn’t get it out of my head, and with my heart fluttering like it was at the memory of that smile being directed at me, I didn’t think it would be leaving my consciousness for a while.
He seemed nice enough, but didn’t they all? This guy seemed to elicit some kind of interest out of me, but that didn’t mean I could get stupid about him. I didn’t know who he was. I didn’t know if he liked to use girls for fun, or if his charming personality was simply a façade. I knew when I decided to transfer over to the university that I wanted to move on. I wanted the friendships and the dating that goes along with a college experience, but I also understood that I was different. I couldn’t just jump onto this guy because he had a seemingly genuine smile.
My phone rang, interrupting my daydreaming. 
“Hi Daddy,” I said answering the phone.
“Hello, baby girl. I wanted to know how well your classes went today. I just know you did great. Am I right?”
I smiled at his enthusiasm. “Yes, it was great. I think I’m really going to like my English class this year. The teacher doesn’t have us reading the boring stuff. I may not be able to make it through my life science class, though. I swear the professor is worse than listening to the pope give a speech.”
I heard him chuckle at my synopsis of the day, and he responded in the only way he knew how. “I’m pretty sure you have never heard the Pope give a speech anyway, but I’ll assume you were just trying to emphasize how boring your professor is.”
“Yes… obviously,” I said rolling my eyes, knowing that he couldn’t see. 
“So…,” he said elongating the “o,” “did you meet any cute boys today in class?”
“No Daddy. No cute boys in my class,” I said, trying not to groan into the phone. Technically, it wasn’t a lie. Sexy Stranger Man was not in any of my classes. The one good thing about being an hour away from home was that Daddy couldn’t tell if I was lying or not. 
“Alright then baby,” he said not sure if he should believe me. “How are you doing? Are you doing ok with being around everyone?”
“Yeah, I’m okay. As long as I stay in control of myself, I will be okay. I have Dr. Peterson’s number on speed dial, and Seth is always around, so I don’t think you need to worry,” I said trying to ease his concern. “I have to go over some of my school work, so I will talk to you later. I love you!”
We said our goodbyes and got off the phone. I laid there a little longer reflecting on the conversation and the worry that I’ve been trying to hide since I left the house, before grabbing my assignments and getting to work on them.
*             *             *
Later that night when Brooke and I were getting ready for the party that I had finally gotten details about, she started telling me about some new conspiracy theory about aliens. I didn’t like to tell her that her ideas were crazy because in reality, if that was what she believed, then who was I to take that from her? I didn’t think anything in this world was absolute, so I had no right to tell her that her theories and stories were invalid.
I was always that nerdy girl who preferred to stay at home and read a book instead of going out, but I learned that going out to a party every once in a while made me feel a little free. Seth started taking me with him so I could meet some of his friends, and I slowly learned how to have fun and still be safe.
Brooke loved parties. She was always telling me about parties that she was going to, and what she would wear and do at these get-togethers. That night, Brooke dressed in cute little black shorts and a quarter sleeved silver sequined top. She finished her look with thigh high boots that would make all of the boys drool at her feet at the party. She always knew how to dress to impress, but she always stayed classy about it.
I looked at myself in the mirror as I finished my make-up. I went with some skinny jeans and a white t-shirt underneath a cute faux leather biker’s jacket. Some red high heels helped give me some height, but they almost seemed unnecessary because I would likely be talking them off within the first thirty minutes. I curled my hair into soft waves and applied some smoky eye make-up to my eyes. 
I looked good. I felt good. I had dark brown hair with natural chestnut highlights, that fell mid-way down my back, and eyes that alternated between dark olive green and a dark blue. My eyes looked pretty normal, but there was a slight slant to them. I also had naturally tanned skin because of the Philippine heritage that I got from my daddy’s side of the family. 
I looked over at Brooke, and was shocked to see her putting extra make-up onto her flawless face. “Whoa Brooke, you looking to get laid tonight?”
“Oh you know how it is. It’s the first school party, so I have to make sure I get the pick of the lottery.”
I laughed. “Do you mean litter? The pick of the litter?”
She scrunched up her nose and shrugged her shoulders. “Sure. Either way, I want to have them all focused on me, so I can choose which one I wanna take to my bed later.” She smiled and winked at me before turning back to her make-up. 
I heard a knock at the door, successfully taking me away from a conversation about her bringing someone back to the room. That we shared. Ew. I opened the door, only to find a distracted Seth who was checking out the passing girl’s ass. 
“Seth! You can’t knock on my door, and not even acknowledge me when I open it!” I chastised. 
He turned his attention back to me and laughed. “Sorry Josie. But did you see her ass in that dress?”
I let out a soft laugh and shook my head at his typical male hormonal response to a woman, and invited him into the room. He leaned in, hugged me, and kissed the top of my head. He leaned his head down to whisper in my ear, “You look really hot tonight, Pussy Cat.” 
I smiled up at him, because he always knew how to make me feel good. We may have made it clear that we were strictly friends, but it still sent tingles through my body to hear him tell me I looked good.
“You’re looking pretty good tonight too,” I said back to him. He did of course. Seth always looked good. I had always thought he was attractive because of his looks, body, eyes, and smile that melted souls, but unfortunately, he also knew how good he looked. Sometimes he wore his cockiness proudly, and it annoyed me.
“So, you ladies ready to go? It’s only about a five minute drive from here.”
I checked myself out in the mirror one last time, and I nodded to Seth when I realized I wasn’t going to be able to get much better. Brooke finished her make-up and said she was ready to go too. We all hopped into Seth’s Dodge Ram truck, and went over the party rules, like we did for every party we went to. I was designated driver for the night, so I was in charge of making sure that everyone made it back safely to the dorms.  
We made it to the house that was hosting the party, and I was surprised to see it was an actual house. I assumed it would be a run-down apartment or town house. This house was a cute yellow house that was two stories and looked slightly Victorian. It was so cute, and I was instantly grateful we weren’t going to a party in a crappy environment. We got out of the truck, and Seth stood next to me while I admired the house.
“You ready?” he asked. 
“Of course!” I replied with a smile. 
He smiled, wrapped his arm around my waist, and walked Brooke and me into the house. The music was pumping, and the party was already in full swing. Everyone had a cup or a beer in their hand and were dancing and talking loudly to one another. There was a DJ booth set up in what I assumed was the living room, which had been cleared out so that it could be a makeshift dance floor. We squeezed through the throng of people, and made it to the kitchen area where people were getting their alcohol and where a beer pong tournament was in full swing. 
Brooke went right to the vodka and took a shot. I grabbed a water bottle, and Seth grabbed a beer. After Brooke took her shot, she quickly lined up a second shot to follow. After she downed her third shot, she grabbed my arm and shouted to me, “Let’s go shake our asses!”
I laughed at her, but acquiesced because I was ready to get lost in the music and have some fun with my friends. I turned to tell Seth that we were going to dance, but noticed him already chatting up a cute redhead. I eventually caught his attention and I motioned to the dance floor; he nodded to let me know he understood, and went back to talking to the girl. 
Brooke and I made it through the large mass of people, and started dancing to some rap music that they were blasting through the speakers. I loved dancing to this type of music, because even with my lack of coordination, I didn’t have to know how to dance in order to shake my booty. I threw my arms up in the air and let the music move my body. We had been dancing with each other through a couple songs, when I felt a heavy hairy, unwanted arm wrap around my stomach. 
An arm wrapped around my stomach, and the other pushed my shoulder towards the back exit.
I immediately felt threatened, but didn’t succumb to the fear this time. I turned around, and before he even saw it coming, I threw a punch right into his nose. I would probably regret it later, because it hurt like a bitch, but I would never regret my impulsive decision to not let some guy think he could just put his hands on me without asking. 
He was shocked, and put his hand to his nose where I punched him. I recognized him as that blonde guy from my class who winked at me, and I enjoyed watching him act like a little girl. 
“What the hell?” he screamed at me.
He raised his arm in what seemed like an attempt to slap me, but I would never know for sure, because someone pushed his arm away and shoved him away from my personal space. I watched as my protector punched the disgusting man in his mouth, clearly angry.
“Get the hell out before I break your fucking nose, Josh!” he yelled to the now bloody Josh. I recognized the voice, and realized that the guy who just saved me from a huge headache in the morning was none other than Sexy Stranger Man, the one who knew my name and kept witnessing people trample over me.
He turned to face me and checked over me as if to make sure that nothing was wrong with me, rather than anything sensual. I started checking him out while he was looking over me, and I realized that he definitely lived up to my memory of him from earlier. He was still in dark jeans, but he changed his shirt to a black fitted t-shirt that had a Fly Society logo on the front.
Brooke took that moment to snap out of her shock and informed the stranger, “Don’t worry. She did more damage to him than he would have done to her.”
He smiled at that and looked back at me. “Are you okay, Josie?”
The concern in his voice was a little surprising, but I didn’t mind having someone care about my safety. “Yeah I’m fine. My fist hurts a little, but I should be okay.” I shook out my fist and examined it quickly to make certain that nothing was cut. 
“Good. You might get a bruise, but it looks like you’ll be fine,” he said looking at the hand that I had just examined. He looked back into my eyes and smiled. “Are you up for dancing with me?”
Mariah Carey’s “Touch My Body” started playing on the speakers, and knowing I wasn’t ready to stop dancing, I nodded my head. I agreed to dance with him because he proved to me in two seconds that I was safe while he was around. 
He didn’t touch me while we danced, and it spoke volumes to me about his respect. I could feel my desire for him pulsing like a current in the distance between us. I moved myself closer to him, swaying my hips in the process, leaving only an inch of space between us. I looked up at him and his dark brown eyes seemed to smolder even darker than they already were. My breathing increased, and I could feel my insides clenching in all the right ways.
“What’s your name?” I asked him.
“Well some like to call me their knight in shining armor, but you can call me Blake,” he said, smirking. Ugh, his name was as sexy as that smirk he kept directing towards me.
“Well Blake, how is it that you know my name, and I am just now learning yours?”
I held my breath with anticipation as he moved his hand towards my neck, but he touched the chain that I had, instead of my skin. He used one finger to lightly trace the chain from the top of my neck to the middle of my chest, where my name was written on a pendant. I immediately felt stupid for forgetting that I wore a necklace that broadcasted my name.
He didn’t touch me, but the electricity that stirred within me from his proximity, was intoxicating. With his finger still lightly touching the pendant, he leaned in and whispered in my ear, “Your necklace really only helped bring my attention to your gorgeous neck.”
I swallowed and bit my lip to hide the moan that had begun to escape my mouth, and his eyes zoned in on my lips. He seemed to like my reaction, because he leaned into me a little more. 
“May I touch you now?” he asked. 
I breathed out a “yes,” and then nodded to make sure he knew for sure I wanted him to touch me. I wanted him to touch me more than I could understand. It was as if my body was calling to him. I held my breath as his hand gripped my waist drawing my body to his, while his other hand reached up and traced my jaw. He dropped his hand, but I could still feel the memorable tingle that his fingers left behind. I focused on that touch and closed my eyes, tilted my head back, and moaned lightly. 
I subconsciously hoped that the music was loud enough to cover my embarrassing behavior, but I almost didn’t even care because his hands were still on me. In fact, I thought I may have heard him moan deeply right before he pulled me even closer and continued to grind his hips into me. I felt the muscles in his arms as I worked my hands up to the back of his neck. I grazed my thumb over the stubble on his face enjoying the roughness before I moved my hands to rest in his short, soft brown hair.
“You are so beautiful, Josie. I noticed you as soon as you walked into the house.”
I smiled and shook my head knowing that it was probably untrue. There wasn’t much to me, so I didn’t understand how he would notice me. I was very short and had a very slender figure. I had a little bit of curve in my butt, but that was about it. The jolt of pleasure from hearing him tell me I was beautiful and that he noticed me was something I had never experienced. 
I used the pleasure that he gave me as encouragement to get a little bit bolder with my dancing. I turned around and backed myself into him. He wrapped his hands around my stomach and I reached my arms up to wrap behind his neck. We moved together and there were no other words for our dancing than hot. It was sexy and intimate, and I was completely captivated by him and the music. I didn’t even worry about the height difference, because all that mattered to me in that moment was that Blake was holding me. It was enough for me. It was perfect.
We danced together for multiple songs before we decided to go back and get something to drink. I noticed Brooke in the crowd making out with some girl that she probably just met. I laughed because she did that almost every time she got drunk. I made my way to her to let her know I was going to get a drink, and then continued to the kitchen with Blake. 
Blake went to grab me a beer, so I spoke up and said, “Oh, I’m not drinking. I’m designated driver tonight.”
“Ah, well you could always stay here so you don’t have to drive.” He smiled mischievously at me before putting the beer back and grabbing me a water. 
“Not only would that be incredibly stupid of me to stay the night in a random house with a complete stranger, but I don’t even know whose house this is.”
He laughed and looked at me in the eyes. “I like that you do that,” he said.
“Do what?” I asked, confused.
“You just say whatever you’re thinking. Also, the fact that you didn’t agree to stay. Because you’re right, it is stupid. Even worse than that is that there are plenty of girls who have and even tonight will agree to stay with someone they just met.” He shook his head and then grabbed my hand before directing me towards the back door of the house that led to the back porch. There were a few people in the yard smoking and talking, but the porch was empty.
He took me over to a couple of rocking chairs seated in the corner of the porch, and we sat down. The wind blew some of my curls in my face, and before I was able to reach out and fix it, his hand gently pushed it back behind my ear. My breath caught as he touched me so gently, taking his time trailing his hand through my hair. He looked in my eyes again, and I was glad to have that moment to take in the depth that his eyes held. They were so brown, but not in a sinister way. There was so much depth in them.
“So, Josie, tell me a little about yourself. I haven’t seen you around campus before, are you a freshman?” he asked, leaning back into his chair.
This was comfortable territory for me. I could do the small talk. It was these other reactions that confused me.
“I’m a junior, but I just started here,” I answered.
“Oh, okay. So where did you transfer from?”
“Just a community college in Wilson.” I didn’t need or want to elaborate on why I needed those two years at home to get my shit together before coming to a bigger campus. Blake must have sensed that any revelations about my life were limited because he didn’t ask me any more questions about my transfer.
“What about you? What year are you? What is your story, Mr. Knight in Shining Armor?”
He laughed lightly, a soft deep laugh that warmed my insides. “I’m a senior. They didn’t offer knight training at this college, so I had to settle for architecture. What’s your major?”
“Well, my major is childhood education, but I still really don’t know if that’s what I want to do. I mean I know I want to be some kind of teacher, but lately I’ve been contemplating becoming a guidance counselor. It’s hard because they ask us so young what we want to do with our lives, and I feel like I had to just pick something without really knowing.” I was rambling, a habit of mine that I wish I could turn off, but wouldn’t go away. He just smiled at me, so I didn’t think he was about to run away just yet.
“You’re right. A few friends of mine had that same problem. They graduated with something that they realized they aren’t happy with, but are stuck with it. I’ve known that I wanted to go into architecture my whole life, though, so it was easy for me. My dad wanted me to go into business like he did, but it just wasn’t something I ever wanted to do.”
I look over at him definitely interested in learning more about him. “Was he mad that you chose architecture?”
Blake looked away and seemed to think about his answer before replying to me. He clenched his jaw, and I saw his hand turn into a fist. “I don’t really care what he thinks about what I chose. He’s a bad person, and I don’t talk to him anymore. He may not have liked it at the time, but he doesn’t get to choose how I live my life.” I knew I should have left it at that and respect his answer like he did with me, but curiosity got the best of me.
“What about your mom?”
He looked back at me and grinned, any frustration drained from his posture and expression. “Now my Ma is the best supporter I have. She and my dad divorced about 15 years ago, so I always had her to keep me on the right track. She has always had faith in me to do what’s right, and she always makes me feel like I can do anything. It’s so corny to talk about my ma like that, but I love her.”
“My parents are like that too. I know I can always count on them.” I smiled at him. We sat in a comfortable silence for a couple minutes before he reached over and took my hand in his. My hand looked delicate and small in his hand, but it felt incredible. The butterflies started fluttering in my stomach again.
“So can we get the first date information out of the way? What’s your favorite color, book, movie, song? All of that stuff,” he said, smiling at me. Everything about him, his demeanor and the swipe of his thumb against my hand, made me feel comfortable and at ease talking to him. I felt giddy at the sound of a first date.
“Let’s see… My favorite color is green. My favorite movie for right now is Superbad. I love to read, so I couldn’t even tell you my favorite book. Probably the Harry Potter series. I’ve read them all about four times. My favorite song changes every day, but today it’s Bubbly by Colbie Caillat.” I laughed, because I knew I sounded ridiculous. He just smiled at me and I repeated the same question to him.
“Hmm… Blue is my favorite color, but not just any blue. I love a dark, kind of royal looking blue. My favorite movie is Toy Story,” he smirked at me as he said that, and I smiled back, enjoying his answers. “Ok, I’m gonna be real right now, and let you know that my favorite book would have to be When you Give a Mouse a Cookie… such a good book,” he said with a laugh. “And finally, my favorite song today is Slow Dance by Framing Hanley.” 
I took in his answers, and was surprised that such simple questions could help shape him into something more… real? I wanted to keep talking to him, but as I began to ask him something else, the back door swung open and Seth came stumbling out. Blake and I both turned in his direction, and Seth must have noticed the movement because he started towards us.
“There you are, Pussy Cat, I was looking for you. Brooke told me you punched some guy.” Seth had clearly consumed a couple of beers, seeing as he was only five feet from us and he felt the need to raise his voice. Blake pulled his hand away from mine as Seth came up to me, making me feel a twinge of hurt. 
“Yup. He thought it would be a good idea to wrap his arm around my waist without permission, so I taught him a lesson. He was about to hit me back when Blake stepped in and punched him.” He seemed to sober up a little more at this new information, and knelt down in front of me and brought his hands to my face. “Are you ok? I’m so sorry I wasn’t out there with you,” he said softly. 
I hugged him and whispered to him, “You can’t be there every time, Seth… I’m okay.”
I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye, and saw Blake stand and lean against the railing overlooking the moment between Seth and me. His brows creased slightly in confusion, before he smoothed out his features and gave me a small smile. 
“Well, I guess I’ll see you around, Josie. I better get back and make sure no one destroys my house,” Blake said to me, his gaze no longer holding the same interest it did earlier. 
“Oh ok. See you around.” So this is his house, I speculated. I was definitely disappointed that he decided to leave, but there was nothing I could do about it. I got up and I wasn’t sure if I should hug him, shake his hand, or maybe fist bump him? So I kind of just stood there before he turned and walked back into the house. Talk about awkward. What happened?
“Well, that was weird,” Seth said pulling my attention away from the awkward goodbye. I shrugged as if it was no big deal, and wrapped an arm around his waist. I figured it was time to go, so we started to head inside the house to find Brooke. 
“Do you see Brooke anywhere?” I asked Seth, scanning the crowd. 
“She’s over there with that guy,” Seth said pointing in the direction of my clearly indisposed friend. 
I spotted her blonde head flirting shamelessly with a handsome guy who looked around our age. He was really cute. She kept touching his arm and leaning in so that he could get a better look at her rack. I walked up to them and let her know that we were ready to leave. 
“Ah man! I just met this handsome feller,” she said with a southern accent that came out whenever she got drunk. I needed to get her back to bed or else she would skip classes the next day. I raised my eyebrows to the guy she was chatting with and he smiled. 
“I’ll help you get her to your car. I already put my number in her phone if she would like to call me sometime,” he said to me. I gave him a grateful smile, because I knew I couldn’t handle two intoxicated people. He was very handsome, in a little brother kind of way. He had shaggy dark brown hair, was pretty tall, and had green eyes. Most importantly, he seemed genuinely sweet, and that made him ok in my book. He smiled down at Brooke and wrapped his arm around her shoulders so he could guide her out of the house. 
We were walking towards the door when I recognized a tall dark haired guy leaning over a redheaded girl against the wall. Blake was saying something in her ear, just as he had done to me earlier. I couldn’t tear my eyes away, and watched as he slipped out his tongue and licked the pretty girl on her neck. I saw her roll her eyes into the back of the head, and I could only imagine how it would have felt to have that tongue on me. He slanted his head, and caught my eye. He smiled that sexy half smile of his, before he went back to making the girl melt at his feet.
I didn’t know why I was hurt or disappointed, but I knew that the sting of disappointment was there. Seth came up next to me and grabbed my hand. The comfort and familiarity of my friend helped calm the unsettling feelings that had started to plague my heart. I shook myself out of the fog, and continued to the truck. Seth didn’t have to say anything to me and the constant run of his thumb against my hand was just what I needed. I always loved his hands. They were soft, but they had callouses on them from helping his parents on the farm growing up, which made them even more appealing to touch. 
Everyone got in the truck safely, and I thanked the guy who helped get Brooke in the truck safely. He told me his name was Brandon, and to make sure that Brooke remembered him in the morning in case she forgot. I committed his name to memory, and drove back to the dorms where I would soon be able to sleep away the confusing night.
 
Chapter 4
 
Brooke had passed out in the five minute ride to the dorms. 
Luckily, the dorms were co-ed and Seth lived in the same dorm building as us. He helped carry her up to our dorm room and put her to bed. I went to cover her up before I turned around and found Seth staring at me. 
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there when that guy touched you,” he finally stated after a minute.
I walked over to him and wrapped my arms around his waist. I needed to let him know it was okay. “Seth, I was in the middle of a dancing crowd. I knew what I was getting into when I went in there. He shouldn’t have assumed I wanted his dirty hands on me, but sometimes it happens. I’m okay.”
“Jos, I don’t know what I would do if I fucked up and didn’t protect you again. I-“
“Seth! There was nothing more you could have done two years ago, and there wasn’t anything that you could have done tonight! I knew how to protect myself in a big crowd like that. I was safe.”
His blue green eyes seemed to turn steely as he backed me against the wall, looked me straight in the eyes, and spoke with a determined edge in his voice. “I won’t let anything happen to you again, Josie. I swear I will spend every day for the rest of my life making it up to you. So don’t stand there and try to tell me that it was okay that I wasn’t there to beat the shit out of that guy’s ass, because it’s not.”
I realized how close he was to me, and though I wanted to argue his response, his proximity to me had left me breathless. He leaned his forehead against mine and let out a small huff. I looked up to him and noticed his eyes were closed. He stayed like that for about a minute before he opened his eyes, swallowed, and lifted his hand to my face. I leaned my cheek into his hand and let him touch me. His thumb caressed my lips, and then it was my turn to close my eyes to help hold myself together. I felt his soft lips gently press against the corner of my mouth, and I lost any breath that was inside of me. 
He lingered there for a moment before he pulled back from me and said, “I love you, Pussy Cat. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
He walked out of the room, and I slid to the floor still leaning against the wall in an attempt to keep my sensation-filled body from collapsing. “Fuck,” I said softly into the dark.
“I thought you said you two have never fucked,” Brooke said, obviously out of it.
“We haven’t,” I lied.
“The physics between you two would suggest otherwise,” she responded. I heard her snoring not twenty seconds after she made her remark.
I rolled my eyes and got dressed for bed. I stared at the ceiling replaying the dance and conversation with Blake in my head. The heat he made me feel soon had been doused when I watched him use his tongue on that other girl. He had me captivated and then in the same night, made me question my judgment. 
Then when Seth had me against the wall, everything that I had been trying to bury came rushing back in. He made me feel special and beautiful. We agreed to stop that kind of intimacy when we started school and it seemed like things had gone back to normal, except for when he did things like that. 
It hadn’t always been that way with us. We were strictly best friends up until about three months ago. I may have noticed how good looking he was, but he was my best friend so it never crossed my mind to change our relationship. When I asked him to make me feel good, wanted, safe, and loved, I knew that he was surprised, but I also knew that he would do anything for me.  
He helped me forget. He showed me that a man’s touch can be loving and tender and not forced. I owed him a lot for taking that chance, and risking our friendship in the process. 
*             *             *
The next morning I woke up and groaned as the events of the night before came tumbling back into the forefront of my mind.
I had three classes that day, and I knew I wouldn’t survive the day without some coffee in my bloodstream. There was a coffee shop not too far from the school campus, so I drove my little silver Neon over there before my class. I hadn’t been there yet, but Brooke had told me that they had the best coffee, and the atmosphere was even better. 
I pulled up to the shopping strip where the coffee shop resided, and there was a bright blue sign that read: Reverie: A Coffee Den. It was small, but I could tell right away that I would love it there. There were tables outside of the coffee shop that I thought would be a perfect place to study until it got too cold. 
Once I got my coffee, I went to sit down outside and enjoy the weather. I was lost in thought, when I heard the chair scrape next to me. I watched as Blake turned the chair around, and sat down with me. 
“Hello gorgeous,” he said to me with a smile. I shook my head at his comment and looked down at my clothes. I was wearing some old worn out jeans, a much worn Ravenclaw t-shirt, and had a Harry Potter wand pen stuck in my hair. There was no way he could really think I looked gorgeous. 
He continued to smile at me, so I returned his smile sarcastically, tilted my head, and asked, “So did you have a good rest of your night last night?” 
“Ahh, it could have been better, but eventually I got everyone out of my house,” he responded.
“So, who did you do after they all left?” The question slipped out of my mouth before I could even stop it. I covered my mouth with my hand and then repeated the question “I meant what. What did you do after… not who.”
 My cheeks heated in embarrassment, and it only deepened when I looked up and saw him raise his eyebrows and smile hugely at me. His teeth were perfect except for one bottom tooth that was slightly crooked, which made me even more attracted to him. He wasn’t perfect, and I loved that. 
“Well, I just went to bed after they left,” he said, not giving much away. I wasn’t going to embarrass myself any further by spelling out to him that I wanted to know if he screwed that girl. I didn’t like that his face looked like he had some sort of self-victory because of my reaction. I pursed my lips to the side, and decided to change the subject. 
“I loved your house by the way. Did your mom go away for the week?”
“No, it’s the house I’m renting while I go to school here. And thanks, I like the house too.” He reached out his hand to push a clump of hair back behind my ear, and I sighed. I freaking sighed! His hands were perfect. They weren’t as calloused at Seth’s, but they were strong and masculine and I could only imagine the kind of work he could do with his long fingers.
I refocused my attention and eventually we picked up right where we left off the night before. We started talking about music, school, and his siblings. He liked any kind of music that sounded good to his ears, which was the same way that I felt about music. It just depended on my mood. He told me about the classes he liked and the ones he didn’t. There was something about Blake that made it so easy to talk to him. I wanted to learn as much as I could about him. He fascinated me.
Our conversation eventually moved to his family. He had two brothers and one sister. Brody was a year older than Blake and was living in Pennsylvania trying to run the family business. Brandon was a year younger than Blake, and was staying with Blake while he finished his degree at NCSU. Finally, Blake had a half-sister named Sabrina, who was 16 and living with his step-mom. 
“Do you like your step-mom?” I asked him.
He took a moment to ponder the question before answering. “I think that she is perfect for John, my dad. She wanted money and recognition, and that is what she got as his wife. My dad used to be in charge of my grandpa’s brewing company, so my step-mom enjoyed the money and the popularity his position offered.”
“You said ‘used to.’ Is he not anymore?” I asked. I should have paid more attention to his facial expressions, then I would have noticed his change in demeanor and the obvious anger that was developing because of where the conversation was going.  
“Yeah well you kind of get thrown out of a position of power when you do something stupid and get sent to prison.” He rose from his chair. “I gotta get to class in a few, so I’m gonna head out,” he said to me briskly, clearly no longer comfortable. 
I didn’t want to leave our conversation like that, so I quickly grabbed his hand before he took off. “I’m sorry I asked you about something you’re obviously not comfortable with. I loved talking to you Blake, so I hope you aren’t too upset with me.” I looked hopefully and apologetically into his brown eyes and I saw his anger begin to fade away. His hand relaxed, and I enjoyed the warmth and the stimulating contact with him.
He gave me a sad smile and shook his head. “I’m sorry Josie. You’re right, it’s just not something I want to talk about. I’m sorry I acted like that.” He leaned down and put his lips right next to my ear, igniting a fire on my skin when the soft pressure of his lips touched me briefly. “And by the way, I went to bed alone last night when everyone left, and couldn’t stop thinking about that dance with you,” he said huskily, then kissed my cheek gently but sensually. 
I let out a small surprised gasp before he walked towards his car. He knew exactly what I was talking about! I thought, completely embarrassed. A part of me was thrilled that he didn’t take that girl to bed with him, but I was also ashamed that I cared so much. I sat in the rusty metal chair, ignoring my cold coffee, and replayed every detail of our conversation. I couldn’t get past the tactile sensations of his hot sweet breath and the brief touch of his lips.
Ugh, I groaned internally. I am totally being a girl about this stupid boy. I didn’t think someone would catch my attention so easily here, but I was under some kind of spell when he was around. 
I picked up my bag and shook my head of the thoughts that had taken control of my mind. As I went through my morning classes, I tried to focus on my work and not every smile or touch that Blake gave me. That damn smile wouldn’t leave my brain. It was the most imperfect perfection I had ever seen, and I wanted to see it more. Why did he have to make a crooked tooth look so damn cute?
My final class of the day was Psychology. I had not been successful in clearing my mind of my nonsensical infatuation with a boy, but I had hoped that my psychology class would hold my interest enough to focus me on something else. I walked through the door and I knew that my hopes were pointless. I could feel the heat and the intensity of his stare before I even saw him. 
Goosebumps filled my arm, and I held my breath, waiting for the moment I would be able to see him. I didn’t even tense when I felt him come up next to me and grab my elbow. His now familiar scent and the familiarity of his touch put me at ease, so there was no shock or discomfort when I turned and saw his handsome face smiling down on me.
“Come sit with me,” he said to me nodding towards the back, not really asking. I sure as hell wasn’t going to say no to him. It wasn’t a question, and I had no desire to say no to him. I wanted more time with him. What had been lacking in my other classes was standing in front of me, and I wasn’t going to pass that up. We walked towards the back of the classroom where we sat in two empty spots. 
I wasn’t sure what to say at first, so I let my eyes wander around the room. Every nerve in my body was increasingly aware of the placement of his hand on the back of my chair. My breathing was slightly erratic. I couldn’t believe how I was reacting to something so normal. That was normal. Guys stretched out their arms all the time. It didn’t mean anything. 
My glance was taken hostage suddenly by a pair of eyes that were throwing daggers my way. The person behind the eyes was the pretty redhead that had been underneath of Blake against the wall at the party the night before. I didn’t understand the apparent anger or animosity that she was clearly throwing my way, so I rolled my eyes and looked away. 
My attention was then raptured once again by Blake as I felt his thumb start to caress my back lightly. It was the simplest of touches, but made my heart skip and made me lose my ability to breathe for a few brief moments. I was extremely still. I didn’t want to disrupt what he was doing, but I knew I had to look frigid by the way I was reacting. I forced myself to look at him, only to find his dark brown eyes already on me, looking very thoughtful. 
I smiled lightly and ducked my head away from that stare. He was doing something to me, and I didn’t know if I liked it. I decided to bring up the girl who was just staring at me, and see what he had to say. 
“So, your conquest from last night was just staring daggers at me. You know of any reason why she would dislike me without even knowing me?” I tried to let my irritation for how he acted last night and the unwarranted disgust from his girlfriend, seep into my words. He seemed to catch onto my frustration and let out a deep laugh. His laugh was so sexy; it made me want to laugh with him. 
“Mmm,” he reached out and traced my necklace again, only this time he touched my skin gently in the process. Goosebumps splayed across my collar bone as soon as he touched me. Those fingers were magic on my skin. “Don’t worry, you’re the only one I’m pursuing now.”
I wouldn’t let my facial expression betray my exuberance over that sentence. 
He pulled away and his demeanor changed. “So is that guy you left with your boyfriend?” he asked. He tried to come off as apathetic or only mildly curious, but I thought that I heard a trace of something else. Maybe a mixture of hurt or anger? 
“No. Seth is my best friend. We’ve been best friends since we were six years old. We’re just really close,” I answered.
He turned in his seat and said, “Then he won’t mind if I take you out Friday night?” I smiled at him, and was glad that we were on the same page. I didn’t know this guy, but I wanted to. 
“No! That sounds like fun. But it has to be close by and it has to be in a place where there are people, but not too many that I could get lost in the crowd. Those are my rules, if you don’t like it, then you can ask someone else out.” I replied. 
The professor started the class, and I felt Blake lean over and whisper to me, “That’s more than okay.”
*             *             *
The rest of the week flew by without much drama. Blake and I met up on Thursday morning for coffee at the same time, and we texted throughout the rest of the week. Brooke had been ecstatic when I came back to the dorm and told her about Blake asking me out. She went straight to her closet and started picking out shoes and outfits that I could wear for the date. Blake wouldn’t tell me what we were doing, but instead let me know to dress casually.
Seth hadn’t been so enthused about the date. I didn’t think it was out of jealousy, because he dated and slept with other women all the time. Instead, he was worried about a stranger taking me out and him not being there in case something went wrong. We hadn’t had another sexually charged incident since Monday night, and I was glad. I was ready to move on from that phase of my life. I was just glad that Brooke did not remember witnessing Seth and me against the wall, so I didn’t have to explain myself to her. 
My parents called me mid-week and told me that they were coming by the campus and wanted to take me to lunch, and I was excited to see them. I was not, however, excited to explain a date to them. They always said I was a terrible liar. Ever since I was a little girl, I would scratch the side of my nose when I was lying, so I knew that I couldn’t keep it a secret from them. They had the same issue with me dating as Seth did. They were worried that I might get hurt.
Friday finally came after over analyzing every encounter I had with Blake. I felt like a ridiculous love-sick teenager while I waited, but there was no point chastising myself because my subconscious mind was just as much under his spell as my body. 
As I was getting ready for the big night, someone knocked on the door. Assuming it was Brooke coming in to critique my look some more, I yelled, “Come in!” I had decided to go casual and wear some shorts that showed off my legs and a blue top that had showed just the right amount of cleavage. Even though I was slender and short, I knew my legs still looked good in shorts. Seth walked in as I was pinning some curls to the top of my head. 
“Oh…Hey Seth. What’s up?” I knew that he was probably there to talk me out of the date. Again. 
“Just wanted to talk to you before you left.” He touched one of the loose curls that escaped my hairspray raid. “You look beautiful Josie.” He looked a little sad, but I didn’t understand why since he was the one to suggest that we should stop what we had to pursue other people.  
“Careful Seth, you might give off the impression to other girls that you could be looking for something serious,” I joked and backed away from him to put on my tan cowgirl boots. 
He smiled and sat on my bed before saying, “Look, Jos, I just want you to be careful tonight. Brooke told me where y’all are going, so I have a better idea of what’s going on. We just haven’t been to a self-defense class in a while, and I wanted to make sure you were okay.” 
He got up and walked back over to me and grabbed my face and made my lips pucker out like a fish. “Just don’t do anything stupid, and call me if you need anything! Even if it’s stupid, call me.” He let go and swatted my butt before backing away and heading towards the door. 
“I’ll be careful Seth. Love you! Go get some girls to fall all over you tonight!” He laughed, shook his head and walked out the door. I finished my make-up and sent a text to Blake letting him know that I was heading down. I walked outside and saw Blake looking so sexy in his dark designer jeans and a fitted grey t-shirt. The shirt showed off his defined muscles, and I immediately and quickly sent out a request to any goddess of sexual desires to give me the chance to touch those arms. 
He strolled up to me, and smiled that big gorgeous smile as he watched me walk to him. He grabbed me, and twirled me around once before wrapping me in his arms. “You are the epitome of beauty, Josie. You ready to go?”
“You better live up to my expectations Mr. Blake Porter, I have heard some rumors that you usually don’t take girls out on dates.” We walked over to his black Lexus and he opened the door for me. My parents would be glad to hear that he had manners. 
“Well Miss Josie Sommers, I think I may surprise you.” 
As we drove, we talked and laughed about different movies and music. He made it so easy to be around him. Every fear I had about getting out into the real world, about putting myself out there for relationships, he was able to melt away. 
We drove in the car for about ten minutes before we pulled up to a building that looked kind of like a night club, but a classy one. The medium sized parking lot was filled, which wasn’t surprising since it was a Friday night. He turned the car off and turned in his seat towards me. 
“So, it was about ten minutes away and there is a crowd here, but not enough of a crowd that you would get swallowed in it. Is that good enough?” he asked.
“Yes it’s perfect.” He smiled, and I melted a little more in my seat. 
“Good. So, this place is kind of like a jazz club or bar, and every couple of months, they have talent nights when people, usually college students, come in and get their five minutes of fame. They have poetry, music, art, or even magic.”
“Ohh, that sounds like fun! Do you ever go up there?” We got out of the car and he opened my door again to let me out. He gave me his hand and I grabbed onto it, already excited that I got to feel his hand in mine. 
“I can only design houses and buildings. So, no, I haven’t gone up there to show some boring blueprints to the crowd. Trust me when I say that you never want me to sing in front of anyone.” I chuckled at his honesty as we walked into the bar. It was very relaxed and peaceful in there, and I was instantly impressed with his taste.
The jazz club, Lantern, was exactly how you would picture a jazz club. The atmosphere was calming and laid back. It had a bar in the back corner, and the walls were lined with draped black and red fabric. The middle was full of round tables with a lantern and a cluster of candles at each one, and there were a few booths against the wall. Everything pointed to a stage at the front where the performances would take place. We went and grabbed a booth towards the back of the room, and settled in for the night. 
We had just ordered drinks and an order of cheese fries, when a group of guys came up to the table. Blake got up and said hi to the guys and did one of those manly hand shake things mixed with a one armed hug. He introduced me to his friends, and I recognized one as the guy who helped me get Brooke into his car. I also found out that he was Blake’s little brother.  
“Hey girl,” he said to me after Blake introduced him, “is your hot friend here tonight too?”
I laughed. “Not tonight, but you might be able to catch her at a make-up party with her other friends. They said there was some room for guys.” Brandon was even more handsome than I realized, and I could definitely tell that he and Blake were related. He had longer dark brown hair than Blake, and wore it in a surfer kind of way. He was leaner than Blake’s muscular figure, and he was about an inch shorter than Blake. He had this cute quirky smile with a dimple on one cheek, and I could tell that that smile probably made him really popular with the ladies. 
“Yeah, that’s right up Brandon’s alley,” said one of the guys Blake introduced as Dom. He had light brown skin and honey brown eyes. He was also very handsome and his laugh was contagious. Everyone laughed, and I felt like I may have missed something, because Brandon looked pissed.
Blake wrapped his arm around my shoulders and moved his thumb against the side of my neck. It sent a bolt of electricity through my body. I was so affected by him. 
“We found Brandon here trying to wipe off some make-up one day,” Blake said with a laugh. His story was getting lost in my inability to comprehend anything but where his hand was touching me. He gently tugged on a loose curl, and it sent a jolt right to my sweet spot. 
“Dude, it was the only way I could get Ally to let me fuck her. I could handle a little make-up if it meant hitting a piece of that ass.” Brandon was trying to brag, but the guys only laughed harder at him. I was still focused on Blake’s hand, but I didn’t miss the comment and I had to roll my eyes at him.
“Yeah… or she just knew that you were the most girly looking guy around and took advantage of that.” The guy named Robbie looked at me and continued, “She came out of the closet not long after that,” he said, and everyone started laughing again.
Robbie was also a really cute guy. He had light red hair and had pale skin, but he was so handsome that the hair and skin only enhanced his features. He was really tall, and very well dressed. He had name brand clothes, and wore them very well. Everyone laughed some more, and we talked for a little while longer before Blake told them to get lost so that we could continue our date. I got the impression that picking on Brandon was a theme within the group, but he took it well. 
“Sorry about that,” Blake said to me when we were finally alone again. 
“No, it’s fine! They were funny. I liked your brother,” I assured him. I actually was relived they were gone, because I was sure that any more contact with Blake would turn me into a boiling puddle.
“Mmmm,” he leaned in towards me and rubbed his nose against my neck before nipping lightly at my ear. “Not too much right?”
Oh my god! I thought. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest and every girl part on my body started screaming for more attention. I needed more of him, and as I turned my head so that my lips were only a few centimeters from his, the look in his eyes seemed to get darker and heated with the same kind of need. I licked my lips, fully prepared to kiss him and heard a small moan mixed with a slight growl come out of his mouth. We were soon interrupted by the host of the night coming on the microphone and introducing the first act. We stared at each other a moment longer, heat permeating the short distance between us, before we reluctantly broke eye contact and focused our attention on the performances. 
The first act showed a short animated video about a dog and cat who went on a mission to save a friend. It was incredible and creative, and I was so impressed with the talent. I could see why Blake went to those talent shows. It really was nice to see other students expressing who they were through their talents, and not being afraid to do it. The fourth act was a guy who dressed up as a woman and it looked like he was going to sing. I instantly felt protective and a little nervous for him. He stood up there with so much confidence, and I smiled even before he started belting out the lyrics to Defying Gravity from “Wicked.” He was so good, and I was lost in the music until I heard someone behind me speaking very loudly.
“Look at this fag! Hey faggot, get off the stage and go suck some dick somewhere else.” Blake and I both turned around and we saw the lewd man standing behind our booth with a bunch of his friends snickering as if he was funny. My blood boiled and my face heated with anger, and even though I noticed Blake starting to get up out of his seat, I raised out of my seat a hell of a lot quicker than he did. 
“Those people shouldn’t be allowed in public; it’s fucking disgusting. They should all be put down” the man continued with his hateful words. He never saw me coming. I shoved him back and yelled in his face.
“Shut the fuck up before I smash your jaw shut and you can’t talk ever again.” He just laughed at me. Big mistake. I threw my arm back, and punched him as hard as I could in his ugly, disgusting mouth. The corner of his mouth bled and my hand hurt, but I still pulled back for another punch. Before I could make contact with his face, a hand grabbed me.
Blake held me back as I yelled at the guy, “How dare you criticize someone for being who they are! Who are you? People like you are the ones who are disgusting!” The man started to move towards me, so Blake pulled me behind him.
“I would stop right there, because if you put one finger on my girl, you will not just be bleeding at your mouth. That’s a fucking promise. I suggest you leave before I get the manager, who happens to be a family friend, and make sure that you never set foot in another bar ever again.”  I didn’t even have time to relish in the thrill it gave me to hear Blake call me his girl, because things got too intense.
“You think I’m scared of you or your ugly Mexican girl-?” the man hissed in Blake’s face, before Blake’s fist connected with his jaw rendering him unable to speak. Mexican… Really? Blake stepped up to the guy, towering over him in dominance and height.
“I think you’re scared of going back to jail for violating your parole, Eddie,” Blake said in a scary soft tone. Clearly he knew this guy, and knew exactly how to make sure he left the singer and us alone.   I was still livid, and I kind of hoped that Blake would kick his ass some more, because I wasn’t quite finished with the guy. 
The man huffed, but the threat of having the police involved must have scared him, because with one last evil glare at me, he and his friends left the bar. The singer finished his song, none the wiser, and the crowd applauded his performance. Blake turned around and looked at me, his dark brown eyes filled with a mixture of emotions. They flashed between anger and heat before he grabbed my hand and took me towards the back entrance. 
 
Chapter 5
 
When we got outside, Blake grabbed me and led me towards the wall where he put both hands next to my head. He was breathing pretty hard, and for a moment he and I didn’t say anything. Our breaths combined as if they were not coming from any one of us, as if we were one breathing being. He moved his hand to my face and held on to me firmly.
“That was so stupid and reckless,” he said, anger and awe lacing his tone.
He moved his fingers to my trace my lips softly, and moved his other hand to the bottom of my back. His fingers grazed over the skin between my shirt and shorts making me get goose bumps again from just a simple touch. It felt like I had been shocked and then reawakened with raw passion. With a gentle strength from his arms, he pulled my hips right into his.
“It was also the sexiest fucking thing I have ever seen,” he ground out deeply.
He finally crushed his lips against mine, and I moaned at the ferocity of the moment. I moved my arms to wrap around his neck and moved my chest to his so that we were as close together as we could be. He started the kiss by licking my lips and then sucking my bottom one into his mouth. The light touch of his tongue gave me a miniscule inclination of what it would feel like to have more of that tongue teasing me, and I wanted more. I opened my mouth so he could kiss me deeper, and he acquiesced enthusiastically. He moved his tongue against mine, and I was relieved that he tasted so good, because it would have really sucked if he didn’t. 
He grabbed the back of my head and put his other hand back on the wall so that he could grind his hips even harder against mine. I could feel how much he wanted me, and I could feel myself getting wet with desire for him. With every lick of his tongue against mine, I could picture that same pressure against other parts of my body.
I moved my hands to rub his arms, and his muscles tightened underneath my touch. I arched my back in a way to show him that I needed him to touch me more, and could feel my heart beating harder against his chest. Blake moved the hand that had been in my long hair down my neck, and touched the cleavage that was spilling from the top of my shirt. He ran his hand down my ribs and then went under my blue top, to touch my bare skin. His hand, splayed against my stomach, made the fire that was building inside of me turn into a wildfire. I let out a loud moan, but I was too distracted by his lips to be embarrassed. He moaned against my mouth as I moved my hands down his chest and underneath of his shirt. I could feel his hard stomach against my hand, and I knew in that moment that Blake Porter would ruin me for anyone else. 
He pushed me harder against the wall, and started trailing kisses and licking the side of my neck. When my back started to scrape against the brick of the building, I was brought back to reality by the agonizing torment that would follow me around like a grim reaper looking for death.
He wrapped his hand around my throat and pushed my dress up to my neck. 
“You make a noise, and I won’t let you get out of this alive. No one is coming for you, sweetheart,” he growled in my ear. He shoved my back against the brick wall. I could feel my bare skin scraping against the brick, and blood trickling down my bruised back. 
I gasped and pulled away from Blake. His brows knit in confusion, but once he got a look at my panic stricken face, he backed away from me.
 “We… I… no more.” I breathed heavily. I knelt down and bent over myself, trying to calm the intense emotions that consumed me. I was rocking back and forth when I felt Blake slide down next to me. I don’t know how he knew, but he didn’t touch me and I was grateful. His presence was enough to help me. There were no tears. There hadn’t been any tears since that night. 
After a few minutes I calmed down enough to sit back against the wall. I looked over at Blake and saw him with his knees pulled up, arms on his knees, and face in his hands. He looked up at me, and the look on his face almost broke my heart.
“I’m s-,” he started while at the same time I said, “I’m so sor-.” We paused because we both were talking at the same time, and I looked away from him.
“Blake, there’s a lot you still don’t know about me. I’m sorry I freaked out.” I looked back over at him, and I saw him sit up straighter and crease his brows together.
“Josie don’t ever say you’re sorry for wanting to stop or for needing a freak out moment. And please don’t ever feel bad for making the choice to stop. I will never force you to do something you don’t want to.”
I nodded, and felt a little better hearing his words. I wasn’t ready to delve into the reasons behind my change in mood. I was simply grateful that he understood, and wasn’t going to press me for anything more than I was willing to give him. 
“So, I’m pretty sure you shocked the hell out of that guy earlier. You were lightning fast. I was getting up to go tell him to shut up or leave, but you sprang out of your seat like you were on fire!” he said, with a light laughter in his tone. He was easing the tension that was surrounding us, and I was only too glad to change the subject.
I laughed, shook my head. “Yeah well, I couldn’t stand what he was saying. I hate when people try to take down someone’s character and self-worth simply because they live their life differently.” I took those things personally, and I was never the type to sit back and listen to other people’s bullying.
“Rob’s been my best friend since grade school, and he told me he was gay when we were in high school. So, I take offense when people say things like that, too. I’ve seen too many people pick on him and try to bring him down.” I smiled at him; it felt good knowing that he would stick up for the people he cared about.
“My parents are gay… Like, I have two dads.” He raised his eyebrows at the new information I offered, and leaned back against the wall to get comfortable. “My dads asked a friend to surrogate for them. She found out she had a tumor while she was pregnant, but it made her so happy that she could make her life worth something by giving my dads a child. She died not too long after I was born, so it’s always been my dads and me. When we moved into the neighborhood they live in now, I would always get picked on for having two dads. The neighbors acted nice, but I always heard them talking about how disgusting our family was. Having two dads is all I’ve known, so it never made sense to me why people would be so mean. 
“I started picking fights with all the kids who would say something mean about my parents. I used to get into so much trouble for it, but I only knew that my parents loved me; I didn’t understand that other people saw our lives as wrong.” 
I laughed and looked at Blake and saw him smiling at me so I continued, “My dads are great. They decided to never find out which one of them is my biological father, so it’s always funny when we get together. Dad is extremely white, and Daddy has darker skin because he is Filipino. I obviously got my skin tone and hair from Daddy, but they always act like they have no idea which one of them actually fathered me.” Blake laughed with me and then looked me in the eyes. I felt like he could see through all the bullshit, and see who I really was, even if I didn’t know myself.
“So, what about your eyes? You have the most beautiful eyes I’ve ever seen. I’m pretty sure they have been changing colors since I met you.”
“Okay. So get this, Dad’s eyes change between green and blue, and mine change the same exact colors. That just adds to their confusion.” I let out a big laugh, and added, “I really think that they don’t know, because not once in the last twenty years has that debate ever let up!” I laughed so hard, I started to get tears in my eyes. I heard Blake laughing with me, and it felt good to just release the emotions that happened in the last hour. I went from angry, to passionate, to anxious, to scared, and finally to comfortable in a short span of time, and I let it all out in that moment with Blake. Maybe it wasn’t that funny, but my frazzled emotions made me think it was the funniest thing ever. 
Our laughter eventually eased, and I leaned my head against his shoulder. I put my hand on his knee, and he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. Blake’s thumb caressed my shoulder, returning all of the sensual feelings from earlier. Every nerve in my body focused on where he was touching me. We stayed like that for a few minutes before Blake suggested we get up and head back home.  
I was dusting off my legs and shorts, when the back door opened to reveal Ms. Jonathon Higgins looking ready for a smoke break. He smiled when he saw us and said, “Did you see me go up? It was so much fun!” 
“Yes, we loved your performance!” I said to him with a genuine smile. Blake came up next to me and squeezed my hand affectionately. Jonathon grabbed something out of his bag and handed it over to us. I looked, and it was two large T-shirts that had the bar’s name, Lantern, and his signature on it. 
“Just in case one day I’m famous. You can say you saw me first.” 
We thanked him and left for Blake’s car holding hands. We didn’t break contact on the way back to the dorms. His hand rested on my knee and I covered it with my hand. We were so perfect and comfortable around each other. He made me feel incredible in a situation that I had worried I would never be able to experience. When we pulled up to the dormitories, I stayed in my seat for a minute before asking him a question that had been bugging me all week. 
“Why did you kiss that girl at the party after you were done talking to me?” I turned in my seat and faced him, “I’m not trying to sound immature, but I thought we were hitting it off and then you stopped talking to me and did that to that girl.” He touched my cheek and rubbed it before he answered. He leaned back in his seat and sighed.
“To tell you the truth, I haven’t ever really dated one girl before. I’ve never felt like there was a point trying to pretend that I would stay faithful to one girl when I’m not even 22 years old yet. So, when I saw you with Seth, it hit me that for once there was a girl who seemed to change my whole theory and outlook on dating, but she was already taken. So I went to that other girl so I could numb the fear and confusion I felt after talking to you and then seeing the way you were with Seth.”
“What do you mean the way I was with Seth?” 
“Just how comfortable y’all were together and the way he looked so concerned for you… I don’t know. I couldn’t help but think about how I wanted to be the one who comforted you. To worry about you. To be the one you could look at like that,” he said, eventually looking out the window. He shook his head slightly as if he didn’t understand what he was saying, or why he was saying it. 
He was so honest in his response, and I was so taken with what he said, that I couldn’t even stop my body from gravitating towards his and turning his face to me so I could kiss him. I licked his bottom lip, before he opened his mouth to me and allowed me access. It was a soft, sweet kiss, and it was perfect after everything that had happened that night. 
We broke off the kiss before it got too heated again, and he walked me up to my bedroom door. Blake stopped at the door, and took my hand to pull me into his embrace.
“At the risk of sounding cliché, I wanted you to know that I had a great time tonight.”
“I don’t think there was anything cliché about our night together.” I stood on my tiptoes, and gave him a small kiss and added, “And I had a great time too.”
I turned to open my door as he walked backwards staring at me. He smirked and hollered down the hall, “Get used to this, Jo, I’m not gonna let you go!”
 
Chapter 6
Sunday Present
When I was ten years old, I remember witnessing my dads in a fight. I never really saw them fight that much, so it was something that has stuck with me. I was sitting at the table doing my homework, when I heard their conversation progressively get louder. I wasn’t trying to listen, but they talked so loud, I didn’t really have an option.
“I shouldn’t have to explain why I changed my mind!” Daddy raised his voice to Dad, which didn’t really ever happen that much. 
“Will, this just isn’t something I have ever wanted for you. It’s my job to take care of you and Josie! You have never had a problem staying home until now! So yes, I want a damn explanation as to why you changed your mind! Am I not doing a good enough job?” Dad had a deep voice, and when he raised it, everyone listened to what he had to say.
“This has nothing to do with you! You can’t shelter me from negativity, Tony. This is an opportunity for me that could make me happy. Why don’t you see that?” 
“Because it makes me feel like I’m not good enough! It just so happens that you get an offer right when the business is struggling.” Dad owned his own mechanic shop here in town, so I assumed that was what he was referring to. 
“No… it really is just a coincidence. Of course you’re good enough.” Daddy’s voice got softer after hearing my dad let his fear known. 
“I just need some time alone. I just can’t deal with this right now.” I heard the front door open, and heard my Dad’s car take off out of the driveway. I went back to my homework, and tried not to worry about the fight they just had. Daddy walked into the kitchen about a half an hour later and started to get things out of the fridge to make dinner. He was a little short for a man, about 5”5’, and he was extremely well dressed and slender. He had dark brown hair that he gelled to the side and dark brown almond shaped eyes.  
“Daddy, are you and Dad okay?” I asked. He turned around and looked at me, and I noticed that his eyes were slightly red from crying. He gave me a small smile and came over to sit with me. 
“Of course we’re okay, Josie. Every once in a while parents can get really stubborn and then they yell at each other.”
“Why would you want to yell?” I wondered.
“Well baby, sometimes it’s a good way to get your feelings out. You should always let your feelings out. Don’t be afraid to tell the person you love exactly how you feel or else you will feel all alone.”
“But what if they don’t like the way you feel. Like, if it was really bad, why tell them?”
“You should always be honest with the one you love, baby girl. Sometimes what you have to say might change some things, but nothing gets solved unless you lay it all out on the table. At that point, you have to be willing to give it all up.” I didn’t really understand what he meant, but I smiled at him anyway. 
My dad walked in not too long after that, and he went straight to Daddy. Dad was a big man, he was about 6’3,” had milky white skin, and was really muscular. He had a bald head and a full beard, and most people would have been intimidated by him, but Daddy didn’t try to move back when Dad came up to him. 
“You can do whatever makes you happy, Will.” 
“I love you, it’s just time for me to go out and do something.” Dad nodded and then wrapped him into his arms and kissed him passionately. Of course watching my parents kiss was gross, so I told them to stop before I puked all over the place. 
*             *             *
I’m sitting in the same kitchen where that memory took place. I’m sitting in the same chair that I did my homework in each day after school. I remember how the love that they shared was always so evident in my everyday life. They showed me every day what it meant to be loved, and yet, I must not have learned much since I still pushed the only one who loved me away.
Blake got to the house about a minute after my dad and I did. He saw my dad just standing in the doorway, and looked at me with a sad expression on his face. He didn’t even ask, he just took dad’s arm and helped him walk upstairs. So, I sit here listening to the sounds of murmuring coming from the upstairs bedroom, and I can’t help but wonder how Daddy would have handled this situation if the tables were turned. 
Why did Blake have to show up? Why did he have to come here and make an already terrible situation worse by looking at me the way he does? I am doing better, finally, and now all of the emotions that I felt and abandoned a year ago are starting to pour back into my heart. 
Brooke and Brandon walk in the door next. Brooke’s hair is long and even more blonde than it was when I first met her. She is still just as beautiful, probably even more so now than she was 4 years ago. She is still quirky and says silly things, but she made it through school and is now a kindergarten teacher. 
When she and Brandon got engaged a couple of months ago, I knew that there would be a chance that I would have to see Blake again. You don’t get to be the maid of honor for your best friend and not have to see the family she is going to marry. Now I am reaping the effects of their being together. 
She comes and kneels down next to me and embraces me. She just holds me, and it is exactly what I need. I don’t know how long we stay like that, but I start to move out of her embrace as she whispers to me, “Is he here?”
I nod, because I know exactly who she is referring to. “I’m so sorry Josie. Brandon let it slip that you weren’t doing too well. He freaked out and yelled at Brandon to tell him what happened.”
“Why does he care?” I ask. Brooke sighs and shakes her head as if she doesn’t understand me.
“You know why, Josie. He may have lied to you the whole time, but he always loved you.” 
I shake my head, not accepting that, and walk to the back window that overlooks our backyard. We have a tree out there that has always been a sentimental reminder of my childhood. I broke my arm once from climbing that tree. Seth and I used to play chicken on the branches of the tree, and whoever would fall off first would lose. I fell too hard one time right on my arm. Seth came into the hospital room with a balloon that said “Congratulations” instead of “Get Well Soon” because he said I won. I still think he made that up so I would feel better, but I accepted the win anyway.
One time, my parents hid a present in the tree. I had to climb to the top of the tree before I found what I thought was the lamest gift ever. It was a picture of the three of us laughing while at a dinner at Seth’s house. I jumped down from the tree and told them that was the worst gift ever, even though I did like the picture. They laughed and told me to look on the back where there was an envelope full of money for my first car. Daddy pulled me aside and said, “Don’t forget about me and your Dad when you’re driving all over the place. You’ll always be my baby girl!”
I smile at the memories, but sadness instantly washes over me as I realize that’s all I’ll have left of Daddy. I will only have the memories. I hear some murmuring behind me, and I try my hardest to ignore the deep voice that belongs to the man I once loved. A man who betrayed me. 
I’m not innocent, though. I’m guilty too, but for reasons that were only known to one person. He ended up taking that secret to his grave. Blake betrayed me first, and even though I wasn’t looking for revenge, what I did do would be considered an act of betrayal. 
But he doesn’t know. And he won’t ever know.
I feel him come up behind me and I whip around and glare at him. I give him the coldest look I have, and don’t let up even though he just stands there looking like he could kiss me at any opportunity. 
“Why are you here, Blake?”
“I told you, Jo. I loved your dad too, and I needed to make sure you were okay. I mean, I know you’re not okay, but I needed to be here to see for myself that you’re going to be okay,” he explains. I throw my arms up in frustration, and give him a look of exasperation. 
“You can’t fix me, Blake! You couldn’t fix my issues then, and you can’t fix the extra broken pieces that were left from my already wounded and shattered heart now!” I say this with as much conviction I have the energy for, but I know that the crack in my voice gave away just how not okay I actually am. He flinches as he listens to me, but I think it only makes him more determined to make me feel better.
He moves closer to me and says in a deep low voice, “I’ve never wanted to fix you, Josie. I love each part of you. I love your strength, and your ability to remain strong even when you are hurting. I love how you get even more beautiful every time I see you.” He reaches out and touches my face, but I pull away from the shock that it gives me after not having been touched by him in a year. My flinch doesn’t deter him because he continues, “I love you as much today as I did four years ago, Josie, and I won’t stop. I can’t stop. You have every right to hate me, but I told you once that I wouldn’t let you go, and I have no intention of giving up.”
“You should.” I whisper to him. “I can’t do this right now, Blake. I just buried my father today, so the last thing I should be talking about is your idiotic notion that you could ever get me back.” I walk away from him and return to the kitchen where there are many cards, flowers, and dishes to sort through. I faintly hear the back sliding door open and close, but I ignore it and the sharp pain that strikes my chest as Blake leaves. Brooke comes in the room and helps me sort through the dishes that people left. 
“What about this one? It’s from Mr. and Ms. William Boom,” she asks and holds out the dish and “sympathy” card.
“Oh hell no,” I say and take it out of her hands. “They were taking a walk one day with their son who was in the same grade as me, and they saw Seth and me playing out in the front yard. They pulled him next to them so that he wouldn’t be near us. And guess what they said to him? She told him that Jesus will send us to hell, and that he shouldn’t be near people like that!” I sit it in the pile of dishes that we are going to throw away.
“Oh sweet baby Santa, I can’t believe they said that. It’s not a freaking disease. They probably poisoned this casserole,” she says. She pauses and looks thoughtful before speaking again. “How is Seth, by the way? Have you talked to him?”
I sigh because I knew that this would come up eventually, I just didn’t want to have to explain my reasoning behind everything I do. So, I simply shake my head no and try to focus her attention on the next set of dishes. I should have known better, because she continues to reprimand me.
“Josie! You haven’t told your best friend that one of your dads died? Don’t you think he deserves to know? I mean, your dads are just as much of parents to him as George and Gayle!” She isn’t telling me anything I don’t already know, so I turn to her and let out a huff. 
“Brooke, you know we don’t really talk anymore. The most information I get about him is when I see his work in magazines and online or when I talk to Gayle. It’s probably been six months since I last got an e-mail from him. We just aren’t where we used to be anymore, and I have accepted that.” In reality, it still breaks my heart. In a lot of ways, losing him has been harder than losing Blake. I am alone. Daddy is gone, Dad is a shell of his former self, the guy I fell in love with lied to me for years, Brooke is engaged and starting her own family an hour away, and my best friend hasn’t been my best friend for almost two years.
Brooke starts to respond, when we notice Blake standing in the doorway. 
“You don’t talk to Seth anymore?” he asks, moving to sit down at the table. I know he is curious, but I don’t want to get into Seth and my relationship with him. I don’t want to get into how I hurt Seth, and that we haven’t recovered from it. I didn’t even tell Seth about what happened with Blake and me. All he knows is that we broke up. 
“Nope,” I say and pop the “p” at the end of the word. I hope that clears up any assumption that I would want to further explain what happened. He nods his head as if he understands, but I know that he will bring up the subject again later, if given the chance. We work through the rest of the dishes, and we end up only keeping four out of the ten dishes and sympathy cards that we received from the neighbors and friends. 
I go outside and leave Brooke and Blake in the kitchen. I take the casseroles from the hypocritical neighbors and I start to throw each one into the garbage bin, but I feel Blake come up behind me. He takes the dish I have in my hands, and throws it on the ground. 
“What the hell, Blake?” I say loudly, completely surprised.
“Go ahead, throw one. Break their glass dishes; put all of the anger that you have always held towards them and towards life in general, and throw it at the ground… I’ll clean it up Jo, just get your anger out before you start punching everyone again.” He smiles at me and hands me the next glass dish.
I’m hesitant as I take the food, but let it drop from my hands anyway. It doesn’t break, so Blake tells me to try again. This time, I throw it at the ground. Fuck you Mr. and Ms. William Boom, for being judgmental! I take another one and throw it further away. It shatters to pieces on the ground. Fuck you Michael for taking away any innocence that I had! The next one I throw against the tree. Fuck you Seth Montgomery for making me doubt our relationship! The next one gets me to let out a small yell. Fuck you Blake for shattering my heart and hopes for a future! The last one I throw and yell as loud as I can. And fuck you drunk driver who took my dad away from me too early! 
It’s exhilarating, being able to let out my frustrations freely. I have been hiding behind the problems that needed to be fixed immediately, and I haven’t really given myself time to grieve. I let my breathing get back to normal and then sit down on the back porch steps, letting out a sigh.
“Thanks,” I whisper quietly. Blake has been quiet while I let out my aggression, and I am glad he hasn’t asked about what I was thinking as I threw the food. He comes over and sits next to me on the porch. He places his hand right next to mine, and I can’t help but wish things were different. I wish I could let him comfort me, the way he used to comfort me. His pinky finger grazes mine, and I get hopeful that he might push the boundaries. He doesn’t. 
“I’m able to get out of work for the next week. I was hoping maybe you and I could talk or just hang out.” He speaks softly, clearly uncertain about how I will respond to him. He looks at me, and he wears a hopeful expression that reminds me of the college boy I met four years ago. He isn’t though, and I need to remember that. I look away, not wanting to get sucked into the look he is giving me.
“Blake, I… um… fuck, I don’t know. It’s not fair for you to come here and make me feel like we could be around each other and be okay. You and I both know we can’t be okay. Too much is wrong with our relationship,” I say with complete frustration. I notice him straightening up next to me, and I recognize the determination in his demeanor immediately. 
“One week, Jo. Then you can decide if we can’t try to make this work. You can decide if we were meant to be nothing but a memory.” 
He looks at me, and before I know what’s happening, he leans over me and places both hands on either side of my hips. He looks me in the eyes and I see his persistence, but I can also see the hurt and loneliness that he has been feeling since we’ve been apart. 
He lowers his voice and says, “We’re not over, Jo. I’ve tried for a year to let you go, and I can’t do it. No matter how many times you need to run, no matter how much shit gets in our way, I will always keep trying. That’s a fucking promise, Josie.” He lightly touches his lips to my upper lip, and I suck in a sharp breath. My heart is racing and I am breathing erratically, surprised that he still holds this power over me. He notices my reaction to him and moves his lips to my ear.
“See how you react to me? Imagine what I can do to you when I kiss every inch of your body.”
I shiver at the thought, and suck my bottom lip into my mouth to help stop a moan from coming out. Because, I can imagine. I remember exactly how mind-blowing it was with him, and I can imagine those same soft plump lips traveling down my body. I don’t realize I’m doing it, but the thought has me rolling my eyes to the back of my head and pushing my chest out towards his. 
I hear him growl lightly before he licks the side of my neck and trails his tongue back to my ear where he pulls it into his mouth. He does this on purpose because he knows it’s my weak spot, and I shiver with anticipation and need. “Don’t do that, love, if you don’t want me to take you right here.” I do moan this time. He takes in a sharp breath at my reaction and leans in closer to me.
Before he can make good on his promise, the back door slides open and Blake swiftly takes a step back. He seems to be in a daze, but I could be wrong, since my mind feels kind of foggy at the moment. He stares at me, a cloud of lust raging in his eyes, before he walks up the stairs, kisses Brooke on the cheek, and goes back into the house. I groan and put my head in my hands. 
 
Chapter 7
 
“What the hell happened out here? Looks like an elephant threw up in your backyard!” 
I laugh, grateful that she chose the mess we made to talk about and not how I was about to let Blake fuck me on the back porch. 
“I needed to get out some anger, so Blake suggested I break some of the dishes. Or all of them. Surprisingly it worked.” I shrug and watch her as she comes to sit with me. 
“You seem to be doing a little better.” She sighs and looks at me, “I’ve got to tell you something, Josie. And please don’t be mad at me for telling you today; I was going to tell you sooner, but with everything that happened with your dad, I just didn’t think you would be in the mood.”
“What’s up, Brooke?”
“Well… so… Brandon and I are expecting!” She shrieks as she says it, and I can tell she is so happy about her pregnancy. A pang of guilt hits my stomach and heart at her words, but I am so happy for her, that I ignore my emotions.
“Oh my god! Brooke! I am so happy for you guys! How far along are you? When did you find out? Are you guys excited? Have you told his mom and your parents yet? This is the best thing I could hear on a day like today!” She laughs at my continuous questions, but answers them with equal excitement. 
“We’re only about 9 weeks along, we found out about three weeks ago, we are beyond excited, and no, we haven’t told anyone but you so far! I’ve been so sick lately, I was sure I would give it away sooner.” I lean over and hug her as hard as I can. I feel bad that I haven’t noticed sooner that she has been sick.
“Thank you for telling me today. I really needed that,” I whisper to her. We sit out there and talk for a long time. We talk about my daddy, her being a mom, pregnancy, our students, and my college courses for my guidance counseling degree. We talk about the wedding and how the pregnancy is going to delay it for a little while. Eventually the bugs start to bite at us, so we decide to go back in the house. 
The boys are sitting on the couch talking, but stop when they see us walking in. Brandon gets a huge grin on his face and gets up, strutting right to Brooke, picking her up, and twirling her around before kissing her zealously. I smile, but turn my head from their intimate moment and my eyes catch Blake’s staring at me. He nods his head in the direction of the kitchen, and gets up to go in there. I follow him. I don’t know why I follow. My body is a traitor. My mind is telling me that there is no point in letting him back in, but my body and maybe my soul won’t listen. 
When I get in there, I notice that the kitchen has been cleaned since I was outside. I hide my smile at the small genuinely sweet gesture he and Brandon did for me. 
“I want to see you tomorrow. I thought maybe the four of us could head out for lunch. Brooke and Brandon are staying at the same hotel I am, so it would be pretty easy to meet up.” He is leaning against the counter with his arms crossed over his body. He has grown up a lot in the past year. 
I take a moment to observe him. His body seems more defined and toned, probably from working on the houses he has been building. He still has the light stubble on his face that I have always loved on him. He didn’t need to shave closely because he was so sexy with that dark shadow. His jaw line is still hard and angular, and his lips are still perfection. His dark brown hair that used to be cropped to his head, has grown out enough for me to really be able to run my fingers through it. It’s the creases next to his eyes that show a difference. He’s a little more worn now than he was four years ago. This past year seems to have haunted him as much as it has me, because I can see the shadow of sadness clouding him. 
While I have been wishing the worst on him since that terrible day, it still makes me sad to see how different his demeanor is. It doesn’t make him any less handsome, however. I would give anything to see him take off that sexy suit and be in nothing, knowing exactly how sexy nothing looks on him.
I look back to his eyes, and realize that he noticed me checking him out. He raises an eyebrow and a cocky smirk plays on his lips. I cough to try to hide my lack of modesty in checking him out, and bring my bottom lip in between my teeth, sliding it back and forth in thought. I am not sure what to do about seeing him this week. I vacillate between hating him and saying no, and succumbing to the passion that he causes when he is around me and saying yes. His eyes seem to darken with what I know to be a look of desire, as he focuses his attention on my mouth. Shit. Is it hot in here? 
“Ok, Blake, but no more of this sexy shit you keep pulling on me. I need a clear head, so stop looking at me like that!” I say with determination, albeit false determination. He drops his arms and continues to look at me with his heated gaze, but a small smile tugs at the corner of his lips.
“Like what, Josie?”
“You know like what! Like you could eat me alive.” It slips out of my mouth before I can filter myself from saying anything stupid. He grins at me as I say it, and I can practically see his mind imagining that very thing.
“Well, it’s not too far off to say that.” He comes up to stand in front of me and looks down at me, smirking. “I couldn’t think of anything better than getting a chance to eat you again, Josie.” I close my eyes and groan. 
It may be extremely sexy to hear, and my insides might be clenching after hearing that, but I can’t fathom how I could change my abhorrence for him so quickly. Four hours ago I couldn’t stand the thought of seeing his face, and now I am picturing his face doing very naughty things to me. I’m mad at myself for letting him get to me, but I’m even angrier that even if we could get past what happened, he will never get past my betrayal to him.
He chuckles and backs off. “Alright Jo, I’ll see you tomorrow at 2:00. I set up an appointment earlier for you and Brooke to go to the spa before lunch, so Brandon and I will pick you two up after you are finished.” I roll my eyes at his audacity to assume that I would have said yes to him. Am I that predictable? Ultimately, knowing it would be more difficult to argue with him about it and knowing my need for a little relaxation, I’m not going to challenge him.  
“I’m going upstairs to check on Dad. You can let yourself out.” I take one last look at him and then walk out of the kitchen. I say my goodbyes (and congrats) to Brandon and Brooke before I head upstairs to see my dad. This night has been interesting to say the least, but I need some time alone with Dad.
He is curled in the chaise by the window with a picture of Daddy lying next to him. He is snoring, so I know he is asleep. I kiss him on his forehead, and grab a blanket to cover him up for the night. After sitting on his bed for a few minutes reminiscing on how great my parents were together, I decide to get up and walk down the hall to my bathroom for a shower. 
The heat and pressure of the shower feel good against my skin. I don’t have to pretend to be okay in here. I haven’t cried since the night I found out that my dad died instantly in a car crash, but the overwhelming sorrow envelopes me and brings me to my knees. I let the water run down my back in sync with the tears that are streaming down my face. I rock back and forth to help calm me down, but nothing is helping. I feel the water turn to ice, but I feel like I am drowning and can’t move. 
I’m not sure how much time has passed, but I do know that I am shivering from being in here for so long. The sobs never let up, and I feel like I am anchored to the bottom of the shower. I hear the curtain pull back, and I hope it’s Brooke and not my dad who is witnessing my breakdown. I hear a cabinet close in the bathroom and then hear the turn of the knobs on the shower that cuts off the water. Finally, I hear the sweet melodic deep voice of the man I want most in the world, but can’t let myself have.
“Oh, Josie. Ok baby, I’m going to pick you up and take you to your room. I have a towel here I’m going to wrap around you.” Blake wraps me in the towel and carries me down the hall. He keeps whispering that everything’s going to be okay. But how can it be okay? I lost both my dads today. I lost my best friend and the man I loved in a year span. I feel alone; that’s not okay.
He lays me on my bed and pulls the covers over my shaking body. I feel the bed shift, and feel him scoot closer to me. He wraps me in his arms and rocks me as I slowly start to calm down. I feel his hands in my hair, continuously brushing it back. The movement and his touch stop the tears and the panic attack. We stay like this until I am about to fall asleep. As quietly as he can, he moves to lay me on the mattress. I feel him kiss my head before whispering, “I love you, Josie.” I know he is about to leave me, and my greediness doesn’t want to let him go.
“Please stay,” I whisper into the darkness. 
“What?” he says back to me. I can hear the uncertainty in his voice.
“Please stay with me Blake. I need to feel you love me, just for tonight. Please.” I beg lightly. I feel braver asking him in the dark, but I can’t help but feel a twinge of embarrassment that I just admitted that to him. I feel him get back onto the bed with me and cup my cheek in his hand.
“I will always love you, Josie. I will spend the rest of my life trying to show you and making it up to you. I promise.” He caresses my cheek, and then wraps me into his arms. I curl into him, reveling in the feel of affection.
“I’m a horrible person, Blake,” I whisper; he doesn’t know what I am referring to, but he denies it anyway.
“No. Never baby. You could never be a horrible person. There’s nothing you could do that could ever make me not love you.” He says it with so much emotion and conviction that I almost want to cry again. He rubs my back as we lay there together, lost in thought. 
Daddy told me to always be honest with the ones you love, even if it means being prepared to lose them. I think I finally understand what he means, but my selfishness still overpowers my desire for coming clean. I’m still hurt from what he did to me, and I don’t feel like he deserves my honesty.
Daddy would be glad Blake is here with me, is the last thing I think before I succumb to my weariness. 
 
Chapter 8
March 3 years earlier
Seven months had gone by since Blake and I went on our first date together. 
Every day filled me with a new reason to fall under his spell. We spent as much time with each other as we could, and eventually we became inseparable. He changed me in those seven months, more than I thought I could ever be changed. I opened myself up to him. I let myself appreciate the desires he made me feel, but more importantly I let myself fall for him. There was something about Blake, from the very start, that gave me no doubt that he was worth giving my heart to.
When I walked into my dorm room after our first date, Brooke begged for details and Seth sat on the bed half listening to us talk about the date. He pulled me outside my room before he left to make sure that I was okay, and that I didn’t have a panic attack on the date. I sure as hell wasn’t going to explain to him that making out against the wall caused me to panic, so I willed my hands to stay behind my back as I told him that nothing happened. 
“You sure this is what you want, Pussy Cat?” He looked sad as he asked me, “To date some guy you don’t even know?”
“I mean, I’m not saying I’m in a committed relationship with him after one date, Seth. I just met him. I have no idea how it’s going to work out. He’s not just some guy, though. He’s different,” I tried to explain. Frustration and annoyance at his overprotectiveness made me continue. “Obviously I’d like to try to have something real with someone and not have to force my best friend to have sex with me anymore.  I’ll be careful Seth, don’t worry about me.” He shook his head as if angry by my response. He turned to leave me there without saying anything in return. 
“Hey! Where you going?” I called down the hall. He turned around sharply and I could see anger in his eyes. 
“Going to go try to have something real with some other girls, Josie. Don’t worry, I won’t bug you about it anymore.” He turned back around, and walked in the direction of his dorm. I didn’t understand until then that I had hurt his feelings when I said those things. It’s just that I knew that when we had sex, it wasn’t the same as what he does with the women he was actually attracted to. I was an exception, and even though it was amazing, I always figured he only did it out of guilt.
It took a couple days before Seth and I were back to our normal selves, but it did eventually get better. He was the kind of friend who was able to move on fairly quickly from any petty fights that we would have. I knew I had to give him a little time to get used to the fact that I was going to be dating someone. He was just worried because he didn’t want me to get hurt, and I understood that. 
Blake and I started dating casually for the first couple of months. When I say casually, I mean we weren’t what everyone else would call “official.” I focused on my school work, and Seth always made it clear that I should keep an eye out for other guys too. But it didn’t matter if I wasn’t officially Blake’s girlfriend, because he was all I wanted. 
He made me laugh and made me feel sexy every time he touched me. While there were many, and I mean many, steamy and intense moments between us, Blake and I still had not had sex… or said I love you. I never felt like he didn’t want me, because he made it very clear he did, it was more that we knew we didn’t have to rush anything. I also think that he didn’t want to rush it because he didn’t want to risk pushing me too far and have me break down again, like on our first date. 
The time seemed to pass quickly through the months. We may not have been together for the holidays, but we communicated non-stop. In January we celebrated his birthday by going bowling. While many would call it lame, we called it the best date of our lives. Not once, not twice, but three times I fell in the slippery lane. To say I wasn’t coordinated, is an understatement. But we belly laughed until our sides hurt, making it the best celebration we could have had. 
I was falling for him like crazy, and nothing anyone did could change it. By the time my birthday came around, I knew that we were at a pivotal point in our relationship. I didn’t know how much more willpower I had to refrain from throwing myself at him completely. 
It was a Saturday night, and Blake had gathered some friends for a birthday party he planned for me at Lantern. Apparently Blake really did know the owner, and he bought out the place for the night. When I asked him how he was able to afford that, he explained to me that his mom’s parents had set up a fund for all of the kids to help with their future. He told me that he had decided to invest his so he could have enough to form his own business after graduation.
“I invested it well. I could have gone into business.” He smiled at me and kissed me before adding, “I’d do anything for you, Jo.” I didn’t talk about money the rest of that night, his lips were just too damn yummy to resist.
I really wanted to dress sexy for the party, so I bought a really pretty dress that was sure to make Blake fall to his knees. It was an emerald dress that had black lace on top of the emerald material. It was extremely short, maybe a little too short. I knew I would be tugging at it most of the night, but damn if I didn’t look sexy in it. The neckline fell to the middle of my stomach, and for once I was extremely grateful for my very small chest. The sleeves went to my elbows, and the back had a scoop that stopped right below my back dimples. I left my dark brown hair down and straightened it so it looked even longer than usual. Brooke helped me put on my make-up, and when I finally looked in the mirror, I couldn’t help but feel gorgeous. 
Brooke finished getting ready and looked amazing in her blue strapless dress. She was trying to get Brandon’s attention that night, and I knew it would work. Brandon and Brooke kind of had a fling sort of relationship. They slept with other people, but still always went back to each other.  We were all still so young, so I figured whatever made them happy was all that mattered. 
We heard a knock on the door, and I knew it was Blake and Seth coming to get us. Seth and Blake had recently started hanging out and had become pretty good friends in the process. That’s a lie. They were civil, and Seth always kept his distance. I didn’t know what his problem was. 
Brooke let the boys in the door, and Blake walked in first, followed by Seth. Both of the boys’ eyes bugged out of their heads, when they got a look at me in my outfit. I did a little twirl for them, and posed when I faced them again. Blake finally shook himself out of his daze, and walked over to me. I could see the lust coming to life in his eyes as he grabbed me in an embrace. He trailed a finger down my back and made a humming sound. 
“Should I be worried about letting you walk out that door in this dress?” He said it low enough for only me to hear. I looked over his shoulder at Seth and saw him shifting his weight back and forth and looking at everything but me. 
“Nope, nothing to worry about.” I didn’t know why Seth’s lack of checking me out hurt my feelings, but I chalked it up to another reason why what we had was nothing more than a friend helping a friend. Brooke handed me my black clutch, and that meant that it was time to go. Seth was designated driver that night, so he was driving his truck to the party. 
When we got to the truck, Seth was ready to help me climb into the cab but Blake was beside me, just as ready.
“I got this, man,” he said, effectively moving Seth out of reach. He helped me into the truck, and even went as far as buckling my seat belt. I’m not even going to pretend like I didn’t know he was doing it so he could get a better look down my dress, because he winked at me when he was finished buckling me. I saw Seth roll his eyes when I looked into the rearview mirror, but I couldn’t help but giggle at Blake’s silliness. 
Blake sat next to me in the truck and kept his hand firmly placed on my thigh, gliding his fingers right where the hem of the dress met my bare skin. He gave me chills while still setting my body on fire, and I knew in that moment that I probably put more torture on myself by wearing this dress than him. 
His hand started to work its way up my leg and under my dress, making me shiver visibly. It felt so good, I closed my eyes to focus on every sensation he sent coursing through my body. The further his hand went up, the more I began to pant for him. I was ready to give myself up to him right there in the car. As I opened my mouth to help me breathe a little easier, he reached the top of my thigh. I was about to moan, but he quickly leaned in and pressed his lips to mine. He slipped a finger inside of my, now very wet, panties and rubbed between my flesh until they reached my clit. 
He moved his mouth to my ear and whispered in a husky voice “Don’t make a sound. They will hear you.” 
That was a hell of a lot easier to say than do. He rubbed me, and worked me up the whole ride there. I kept my eyes closed and kept getting frustrated every time he would take pressure off of my clit every time I was on the edge of an orgasm. When we were almost there, he pulled his hand back out and I wanted to groan with frustration and discomfort from not getting my release. 
I opened my eyes, and the first thing I saw were Seth’s blue green eyes hardened and looking right at me. He eventually set them back on the road, but I couldn’t get his expression out of my head. Is he angry? I guess I shouldn’t have done that in his car. He probably thinks it’s disgusting, I thought. I let it go, and focused on the good times that were about to ensue. 
We walked into the bar, and I was shocked at how the place was transformed for me. There were green and silver balloons all over the bar, and each table had five green roman candles that gave the room an intimate feel. There was space made out in front of the stage so people could dance, and a DJ table set up on the stage. It made me feel extremely special to have been given a party like this. 
There were already a lot of people there to help us celebrate. There were people from my classes, some from Seth’s and Blake’s sports teams, and some of Brooke’s friends. I looked at Brooke, both of us thinking the same thing, and did a little happy dance where we shrieked, wiggled our fingers and jumped in a circle. 
“You want a drink baby?” I looked up at Blake and smiled, nodding my head.
“Cranberry vodka please!” I told him. It was my twenty first birthday, so I definitely wanted to drink, but I didn’t want to get drunk enough that I wouldn’t be present for any action between Blake and me. 
“Ohh get me two shots of SoCo,” Brooke added. 
“Alright I’ll be back in a minute,” he said, walking away to get our drinks. Brooke saw Brandon, and pulled my arm so that we could go talk to him. I smiled, knowing that it was a good sign that she really liked him.
Seth came up next to me and put his arm around my shoulders. I looked up at him and smiled. I didn’t think I’d be able to be this happy after everything that happened to me, but I was extremely happy in that moment. 
“Are you mad at me?” I asked him. He raised his eyebrows at me, gave me a mischievous look, and shook his head.
“No Jos, of course not. Why?” He knew exactly why I asked him if he was mad at me. He just wanted me to say the reason I thought he was mad at me. I punched his arm, and he laughed at me. “He’s your boyfriend, Pussy Cat. I don’t blame the guy. If you were my girl-,” he got cut off when Blake came up and put my drink in my hand. He stood as close as he could to me, and eventually Seth just let go. I snuggled into Blake’s embrace, and couldn’t help but wonder what he would have done if I was his girl. Not his best friend, but his girl. 
“Well, I’m gonna go hit up that hot blonde over there. I’ll see you later, Pussy Cat.” He walked away from us, and I refused to look at the girl to whom he was referring. Instead I took a big drink out of my cup and immediately felt the warmth of the vodka running down my throat into my stomach. My favorite part of drinking is the minute after you take a drink and you feel the heat stirring in the pit of your stomach. This was going to be a good night. 
I grabbed the top of Blake’s black t-shirt and pulled his mouth to mine. I kissed him vigorously before grabbing his hand.
“Thank you so much for doing this for me,” I said. I wanted him to know how much it meant to me that he thought I was special enough to deserve a party like that. 
“You are more than welcome, Jo. Especially if you keep kissing me like that.” He smirked at me and I gave him a big smile back, because I was pretty sure I could continue kissing him for eternity if he let me. 
I was finishing off my drink when Brooke and Brandon came over to talk to us. Brandon wore a blue polo shirt that matched the color of Brooke’s dress. I raised my eyebrows at Brooke when I saw his hand on her ass, but she just shrugged and laughed. 
“Since you’re the birthday girl, I think we should introduce you to a little drinking game I like to call Sexual Shots,” he said. I stared at him, confused, because I had no idea what that game was.
“Everyone gets two shots of tequila. Everyone says the last person they did something sexual with, and after everyone has said who and what they did, we go about our business for the night. If anyone brings the subject up again, they have to take another shot of tequila and take off a piece of clothing. Every time it’s brought up you have to double the amount of shots they took last time and take off another piece of clothing,” Brandon explained. I wasn’t much of a drinker, so I knew that the game could destroy me.
“What?! No way, I have like two pieces of clothing on, and so does Brooke!” I said loudly. Apparently, the cranberry vodka had already affected me, a clear sign of how much worse it could get. Blake leaned in and nibbled on my ear. 
“Mmmm, I like the sound of that,” he whispered to me softly. Brandon clutched his heart like he was going to have a heart attack and staggered back a few steps. 
“You’re both only wearing two things? Even better! Y’all will be naked within the hour!” Brooke and I look at each other and bust out laughing.  There was no way in hell I was going to get naked. 
Seth came up to our group with a sexy tall blonde in tow. I tried my hardest not to look at her. I didn’t understand why it bothered me, but seeing him with someone who was so dissimilar to me just validated the fact that he never would have slept with me if I wasn’t his best friend.
“What’s going on?” he asked when he saw us laughing.
“These preverted boys are trying to get us naked within the next hour,” Brooke responded. I bust out laughing at her, again. Oh yeah, that vodka was working.
“Perverted! Not preverted!” I fell back into Blake because I was laughing so hard. Brooke was right there with me, even though I was pretty sure she still had no idea she said perverted wrong. Blake wrapped his broad arms around me to keep me steady, chuckling at my behavior. Brandon went on to explain the rules to Seth and the other people who came into our circle, including Rob and Dom. 
“Well, I’m DD so I can’t drink, but I don’t mind stripping in place for Brooke and Josie,” Seth said when Brandon finished explaining the rules. Everyone agreed that that was okay, and we began to go around the circle. We each (with the exception of Seth) took two shots of tequila. Ugh, it was so gross. 
“My last sexual experience was with Kenny Lane at last night’s party,” said Brooke. “He fingered me on the dance floor!” I laughed, because I knew that to be true. Brandon was next.
“I fucked Ms. Jennings from the math department this morning before she left our house.” Everyone stayed silent for a minute, not really sure what to think of that piece of information, before we all started cracking up laughing. We couldn’t say anything yet, so we continued. Rob went next.
“I got Tony Carr to give me head before he went to weight lifting practice yesterday.” Needless to say, we were all shocked by that story. No one knew that the quarterback for the school football team was gay, and I am pretty sure he didn’t want it out there. I smiled at him, and told the next person to go. 
Dom had sex a couple of nights ago, a girl I didn’t know said someone went down on her last week, another girl said she gave a guy a hand job in the back of the classroom the day before, and another guy said he had a threesome last weekend. It was Seth’s turn, but the blonde he was standing with answered for him.
“Seth just felt me up, and gave me an orgasm like twenty minutes ago,” she said it proudly, and I couldn’t help but feel disgust for her. Everyone was being vulgar, but it was worse coming out of her mouth. Seth’s jaw was clenched and he wouldn’t look at me, even though I knew he knew I was glaring at him. 
Then, it was Blake’s turn, which also meant it was my turn. Blake looked at me and I could tell he was about to make something up to spare me some embarrassment, but I started talking before he could create a lie.
“Blake fingered me on the car ride over here,” I said with a smirk. Brandon held out his fist for Blake, and Blake just laughed and hit him hard enough to make him stumble over. I looked over at Seth who still wouldn’t look at me, and noticed his jaw ticking like it usually did when he was angry. 
One point goes to Josie, I thought. 
 
Chapter 9
 
After everyone told their story, we started talking to each other about other things. I decided to go get another drink, and told Blake I’d meet him back there in a minute. I ordered a Corona, and waited while the bartender went to get the drink. Seth came up next to me, and took the seat next to mine. His jaw was still clenched, but he seemed more relaxed for the moment. 
“You should probably slow down on the drinking, Jos. You know you can’t handle that much of it.” 
“It’s my birthday party, I’ll drink as much as I want to,” I said back to him.
“Yeah. Well at the rate your boyfriend’s going, I don’t think he will be able to take care of you if you get too drunk,” he said with some animosity. I knew he was worried about my safety, but he had to lighten up. Blake only had those two tequila shots, and he looked perfectly fine.
“Ahhh, but I’ve got you, Sethy Poo!” I laughed at the rhyme, and leaned my head against his shoulder. He relaxed, and I sighed. “What were you going to say earlier? When you said if I was your girl,” I asked quietly. He brought his hand up and cupped my cheek. He rubbed his thumb back and forth before he answered.
“I really don’t think you want me to finish that sentence, Josie.” He sighed and dropped his hand. I didn’t want to come off as annoying, so I kept my mouth shut from asking him again.  
“Did you really do that with that girl after just meeting her?” I asked, curiosity getting the best of me. He smirked at me, and then lifted his hoodie over his head and took it off.
“A shot of tequila for the lady,” he said to the bartender. I rolled my eyes at him, because he had just told me to slow down. He turned to me and said, “Most women don’t really need much time before falling apart when I touch them.” He smirked at me and I could feel my face getting heated. I knew exactly what he was saying. 
He touched my face again, right where I was getting red, and whispered, “God you’re so beautiful, Josie.” He coughed before he straightened up and added, “Too bad you’re such a book nerd.” He laughed, so I punched him on his arm. His words stung a little, but when I looked over at Blake talking animatedly with his friends, I smiled because I knew that Blake seemed to like me just the way I was. 
“You know, Seth, Blake’s got hands that could put what you do with yours out of business,” I said, quirking my eyebrow. 
“Alright, Pussy Cat, whatever you want to believe.” He looked like he was about to say something else, but he got interrupted by one of the guys yelling out his name. We looked behind us, and saw Rob trying to get our attention.
“Brooke couldn’t resist. You gotta take off something else. And bring a shot over,” Rob yelled from across the room. I laughed, knowing Robbie’s story was going to be that one bit of gossip that she couldn’t let go of. We walked back over to the group, and Seth ended up taking off a sock; needless to say, all the women were disappointed. 
I took Blake’s hand and dragged him to the dance floor, wrapping my arms around his neck. We swayed back and forth to the slow song that was playing, and then he asked me the question I hoped he never would have asked. 
“Have you and Seth ever been anything more than friends, Jo?” I pulled back to get a look at his face. He didn’t look angry, just curious. 
I kept my hands laced together extremely tight so I couldn’t move them. I internally debated the pros and cons of telling him the truth about what happened between Seth and me. Eventually I knew that it would probably make things awkward and worse between two people that I cared about most in the world, so I decided to not tell him. It was in the past, so there was no reason to ever bring it up again.
I crinkled my eyebrows to show confusion at his question. “No! Why?” 
He looked relieved by my answer, and I instantly felt guilty for lying to him.
“He just seems to touch you a lot, and the way he looks at you sometimes… just doesn’t scream ‘friend’ to me,” he said with a shrug. He tried to brush it off, but I could tell it was something that he had been thinking about for a while. I sighed and pulled myself closer to him.
“No, he’s just my best friend. He has always been there for me, so we are just really close.”
“Yeah… I’m sorry for asking, but I needed to know.” He pulled back from me, pushed some hair out of my face, and cupped my cheeks. “I have no intention of sharing you, Josie. If we’re going to do this, then you need to be mine and only mine.” 
My breathing quickened at his proclamation, and I nodded my head in response. “I’m yours, completely,” I whispered. 
He leaned down and kissed me. At first it was sweet, but then with the change in music and alcohol taking effect, we started to get more passionate. Yes, we officially were one of those couples, the ones who practically have sex on the dance floor. He grinded his hips into mine and I savored the desire he clearly felt for me. His tongue touched every part of my mouth, hungry for more.
I turned around and pushed my back to his chest, sliding up and down the front of his gorgeous body. It was invigorating when I felt him get harder against my back, as I seduced him with my dancing. He put his hand on my stomach and pushed the hair from my neck.
He stuck out his tongue and lightly traced his way from my shoulder to the back of my ear. I whimpered, as the sensations caused me to shiver and clench my thighs together. He growled and moaned softly, and repeated the action, only with some more pressure. I could barely stand, so he tightened his grip on me. He moved the hand that wasn’t holding me up to the bottom of my dress, and made a circle on the inside of my thigh. 
“Blake…,” I moaned lightly. I needed more, I just didn’t know how to express that to him. He pulled my ear into his mouth, and used his tongue and teeth to work me up even more. There was something so sexy about having his mouth on my ear.
“Tell me what you need Josie,” he whispered to me. 
“Mmmm… I need you, Blake,” I said, gasping for air. 
“Tell me exactly what you need, Josie. I need to hear you say it.” I swallowed hard at his request, but decided to not let the embarrassment of what I needed get to me.
“I need you to make me come, Blake,” I said with a whimper. He growled again in my ear, clearly pleased with me, and then pushed me towards the back hallway. He backed me against the wall and looked me in the eyes.
“I’m not going to take you here at a bar, Josie, but make no mistake, I will make you come multiple times before the night is over.” He leaned in and licked from my neck down my chest. “I’ll help you out for now, but I’m not done with you tonight. Got it?” he asked before nipping at my cleavage. I nodded, because that’s all I wanted. I needed all of him that night. I couldn’t wait any longer. 
He took my nod for what it was, and then leaned in to kiss me again. He licked my lips until I parted them so he could caress his tongue against mine. It was such a heated moment. We were both extremely turned on and all I could think about was the throbbing ache that rested in between my legs. I moved my hands under his shirt and touched his firm stomach, chest, and of course the sexy v at the top of his pants, making me ache for more of him. This party needs to end now so I can get him undressed! I thought. 
He moaned in my mouth before trailing his hand down the slit in the front of my chest, leaving a path of pure hot hunger. He moved his other hand to the bottom of my back, before slipping it down the dress and resting it right above my butt.  
He cupped my breast in his other hand, and I exploded with salacious need. He seemed to have no issue being turned on by my small breasts, and it made me feel sexier than I ever had. I needed more, more touching more of Blake in every way. He seemed to know exactly what I needed because his hand that was resting on my back, cupped my ass perfectly. 
He trailed his kisses down my neck and I rolled my head to the side. He squeezed my nipple in between his fingers and then brought his head down to put it in his mouth. I moaned loudly as his hot mouth worked against my sensitive skin. He took the hand that had been grabbing my ass and slipped it under the front of my dress, pulling down the soaked black thong that had become very unnecessary.
He moved his mouth away from my nipple and crouched down until I stepped out of my panties. I had to grab onto his shoulders for support, but he was strong enough to make sure I didn’t fall. He came back up trailing his fingers up the side of my knee. When he got to his full height, his hand had made it to the apex of my thighs. His eyes looked almost black with need. 
“I want to taste you when we get back to your room, but for now I’m going to make you come with just my fingers.” His voice was so husky and deep as he said it, and I felt delirious, craving only him. He slid his finger inside of me and I almost collapsed to the ground. I tried gripping onto the wall to hold me up, but I couldn’t get a grip. Blake wrapped his arm around my back, pulling me closer to him and giving me the stability I needed.
“Hold on to me, baby, I want to feel you react to my touch.”
I wasn’t going to last very long, since he had been working me since we got into the truck earlier. I whimpered every time his thumb pressed on my clit. He could tell I was getting close, because I dug my fingers into his shoulders and moved my hips in sync with his fingers. He slipped another finger inside of me and increased pressure on my clit. That extra pressure was exactly what I needed, and I finally reached the pinnacle of desire that we were working towards. I cried out and vaguely felt Blake’s lips cover mine to help drown out the noise I was making. I convulsed in his arms and went blind for a good thirty seconds before I came back down from my high. Blake straightened out my clothes and placed multiple soft kisses on my tender lips.
“You’re a vision, Jo. I will go my whole life living to see that again.” I smiled wistfully at him, and we stayed there for a couple minutes longer until he was able to get his himself under control. 
The rest of the night was amazing. We danced until our legs couldn’t stand anymore. Seth ended up shirtless, sockless, shoeless, and boxerless (but not pantless) by the end of the night, and Brooke ended up completely wasted.  His tattoos on display only got him more action from all the women in there, but I didn’t feel any ounce of hurt or jealousy. I had everything I needed in Blake.
I danced with everyone, and we all just enjoyed each other’s company. I started drinking water soon after Blake and I had our intimate moment, so I wouldn’t get any drunker. I wanted to be completely sober when I took Blake back to my dorm. Brandon ended up carrying Brooke out the door, and said he would take her to his and Blake’s house and drop her off in the morning. That worked for me, because it meant alone time with my man. 
Seth drove us back to the dorms, and we were all exhausted and too tired to talk. Seth grabbed my arm before I walked into my room with Blake. He pulled me aside and gave me a pleading look.
“Please don’t sleep with him tonight, Josie.” I did not see that coming. I took a step back and shook my head, not understanding. 
“Why? What the hell Seth! You can’t say shit like that!” He looked down at the ground, and I knew he was contemplating what to say next.
“You’re right,” he said eventually. “I don’t have a say in what you do, but Josie you’re my best friend, and I’m not convinced he’s not going to hurt you one day. I think you should just hold off a little longer.”
“Well, it’s not your decision to make,” I said softly. I put my hand on his arm before turning and walking into my room. I wasn’t going to let him ruin this moment with Blake. 
Blake was flipping through the book I was in the middle of reading before putting it down when he saw me. 
“I wasn’t snooping, I swear,” he said, raising his arms in the air as if in surrender. I just laughed at him before sitting next to him on my bed. I turned towards him and wrapped my arms around him, laying my head in the nook between his shoulder and neck. His arms wrapped around me in return almost instantly.
“Thanks for an amazing birthday, Blake.” He leaned me back onto the bed and climbed over me.
“You are most welcome, pretty girl. Seeing you in that dress might have been more of a gift for me though,” he said, smiling as his eyes trailed down my body. I felt every inch of my body heat up as his eyes looked me over. I nudged him off of me and stood up.
I leaned over the bed and said softly to him, “And what about what’s underneath?” His eyes darkened at my question, and he scooted back on the bed, propping himself up on his elbows. I straightened, and gave myself the courage to take off my clothes in front of him. I just needed to remember that he had never done anything to make me feel like he was a threat to me. 
I grabbed the edge of the dress that rested on my shoulder and slowly slid it down my arm. My breath quickened as I watched him harden in his pants. The other sleeve was next, and as soon as that was out, my whole chest was exposed to the man I was falling for. The dress still rested on my hips, so I shimmied and pulled it the rest of the way off, very slowly. I was left in my thong and heels and prepared to take them off when Blake reached for my hand to stop me.  
“I want you to keep those on,” he said to me huskily. He got up, picked me up, and laid me back on the bed gently. “You are the most beautiful woman to have ever walked this earth, Josie.  I’ve never wanted anyone as much as I want you,” he said to me sincerely. I believed every word that came out of his mouth. Not because I agreed, but because I knew he meant them.
He kissed from my belly button up to my chest, flicking his tongue over my hardened nipples before he reached my lips. There was so much passion in that kiss, making me lose all focus of the world. It was just me and the feel of Blake against my soft heated skin. I started grabbing at the bottom of his shirt, eager to feel his bare skin against mine. He leaned back on his feet and took off the shirt for me. 
As the shirt went over his head, I was struck again at how handsome he was. I had seen him work out at the gym without his shirt on, and I always seemed to be left with a dry mouth, thirsty for something only he could offer me. His broad chest, thick arms, and defined abs were what every girl dreams they could have access to, so I wasted no time moving my mouth to lick his chest. He moaned as I licked him, but eventually pushed me back down on the bed.
“Let me kiss you,” he said to me in a rough voice. I nodded, but he shook his head. “No, I mean I need to kiss you all over. Let me kiss every inch of you, Josie. Please say yes.” 
“Yes,” I whispered. 
He sat back and pulled my leg up onto his shoulder. He started his luscious torture like that. Licking, sucking, and nipping up my leg to the top of my thigh. When I lifted my hips so he could kiss me there too, he pulled back. He continued the torment on my other leg. He put his fingers on the front of my thong and rubbed me through the fabric. I moaned, and he groaned. 
“You’re soaked through. Is that all for me?” he asked, hunger evident in his voice. I nodded to him and moaned even louder as he slipped his fingers inside of my panties. He pulled the fabric to the side and moved his mouth over my mound, flicking my clit with his tongue. I shivered from the electricity it sent to my core. 
“Mmm… Josie, you taste so good in my mouth,” he said, sitting up briefly. He slipped off my panties, but kept my heels on. Every second that he wasn’t touching me, made my body ten times hungrier for him.
He looked me in the eyes, smirked, and said, “You’re the fucking embodiment of beauty right now, Josie.” I was going to roll my eyes, but they stayed in the back of my head when he put his hot mouth on me. He parted me open with his fingers so he could get better access, and licked inside of me and up to my clit. It was the most sensual thing I had ever experienced, having his mouth kiss and suck me like that. 
I was going to come any second, but I wasn’t ready for it to end. I reached for something to grab on to because I felt like I was going to fall. I dug my heels into his back and he moaned while sucking my clit harder into his mouth.
“Let go, baby. I’m not nowhere near done yet,” he murmured. The vibrations of his voice  and the rub of his stubble against my sensitive skin, got me to the point I needed to be, and when he tugged my clit back into his mouth I was sent spiraling over the edge, into the rolling bliss of the orgasm he worked me towards. He lapped at the come that had slowly started seeping out of me, and went right back to work on my clit with his thumb. He really wasn’t finished with me, and I was glad.
I was lost in delirium and barely registered the sound of the door opening. My vision started to focus, and I saw Seth standing there staring at us with a look that could kill.
I was going to die. I was losing focus, and I was seconds away from slipping away from the world forever. He was so focused on ruining me that he didn’t see my avenging angel come out of the back door. The look on his face screamed vengeance, and I felt a glimpse of relief knowing that I could be saved. 
I gasped and clutched my hand to my throat; I could barely breathe. Blake noticed my change in demeanor, and looked up to see my panicky facial expression. He looked in the direction I was staring, and when he saw Seth standing there throwing- daggers at him, he climbed up the bed to cover me from Seth’s view. 
“What the hell, man!” Blake bellowed at Seth. “You couldn’t knock?”
“Well I did, but I’m sure you couldn’t hear me over the sounds she was making!” he yelled back and pointed at me. Blake sighed. He wouldn’t apologize for making me feel good. Seth shook himself of his anger, and looked at me with saddened eyes. Something was wrong.
“What’s wrong, Seth?” I asked gently. 
“Dad had a heart attack. I’m about to head home to go to the hospital.” Oh my god, I thought. My heart broke instantly for him. He shifted his weight between each leg, and I could tell he was worried. “I was hoping you would come with me.” I started to get up, but Blake held me so I couldn’t move. He put up his finger to show that I should wait a minute, and bent down to grab his shirt off the floor. He helped me put the shirt on, and then let me sit up. 
“Is he okay? Do you know how or why? Is your mom okay? He’s not dying is he?”
“As far as I know he’s not dead, but I need to go see him now. You going to come? I know we were leaving tomorrow for spring break, but I gotta see him, Jos.” He choked on the word “dead”, and he gave me a pleading look. I looked at Blake and he gave me a small sad but reassuring smile. 
“I’ll be out in a minute,” I said, looking back at Seth. He nodded and went to wait outside the door. 
“You’ll drive up there tomorrow and meet me? Just throw some of my clothes and books into a bag,” I asked Blake as soon as Seth left. I got out of the bed and started to put on some jeans underneath Blake’s shirt.
“Yeah, of course. I’ll take care of everything here, and I’ll call you when I’m nearby tomorrow,” he assured me. I nodded at him so he would know I acknowledged what he said and went to look for a bra to slip on underneath of the shirt. 
“I’m sorry Blake, but he’s like another dad to me,” I tried to explain as I was frantically trying to get everything together.
“Baby, you don’t owe me any explanation for wanting to be there for your best friend.”
The shirt smelled like Blake, and I wanted to wear it. I smirked at him and said, “I’m keeping the shirt by the way.” He gave me a big smile, and leaned back on the bed.
“You look better in my shirt than I do anyway, so keep it.” I grabbed my purse, gave him a quick kiss, and was about to turn to leave, when he pulled me back. 
“Please be careful,” he whispered to me, and gave me a lingering kiss goodbye, a kiss that I would not soon forget. 
 
Chapter 10
 
For the first half of the car ride, Seth and I didn’t say anything to each other. 
I knew that when he was upset like that, that he liked to keep to himself. George was a good man, and I really hoped that he was going to be okay. I wasn’t sure how Gayle would survive without her husband, and it scared me to think of how Seth would react. After thirty minutes, I couldn’t take the silence any longer, and I grabbed his hand. 
“I love you, Seth. I can’t promise everything is going to be okay, but I can promise that I will be here for you for anything you need.” He glanced at me briefly before turning back to the road and nodding his head. We stayed like that for the rest of the thirty minute ride. I alternated between rubbing his hand and back as a way to comfort him. I was exhausted from lack of sleep, but there was no way I was going to let Seth do this alone. 
We pulled up to the hospital, and headed straight to the ER. He let me hold his hand on the walk/ jog into the building, and I was grateful because I felt like that was the only thing I could do to comfort him. We found Gayle crying loudly in a chair in the back, so I went to kneel down next to her.
“Mom, what’s going on? How is he?” Seth wrapped his arm around her shoulder, but she just kept crying. I got up and went to the front desk. There was a petite blonde behind the counter, and she looked up at me when I got to her desk.
“Hi, my best friend’s dad was brought in here for a heart attack and I need to get some information about his condition. His name is George Montgomery.”
“Let me check real quickly,” she said and started to log into her computer. Every tap of the keyboard made my heart race even faster. She finally looked up and said, “It looks like Mr. Montgomery went in for emergency PCI.” He’s alive, I thought. “Someone should be coming out to let you know what’s going on soon.”
“Ok, thanks,” I said and walked back to Seth and Gayle, where Seth was trying to comfort and calm her down. There was something so sweet about seeing this tall tattooed man comforting a frail older woman. I knew he was taking it hard because he was extremely close to his parents, but the fact that he put aside his emotions in order to make his mom a little calmer, was so sincere and just added to the list of things I loved about him. 
He had always been strong. When I thought I was about to die, he saved me. When I wouldn’t speak to anyone for months, he kept talking. When I asked him to do something that would risk our friendship, he did it. His heart and strength was beautiful, and I envied that about him. I sat on the chair next to Seth. 
“They said that he had to get an emergency PCI, and that someone will come out to tell you what’s going on,” I whispered to him.
He nodded his head to acknowledge what I said, but didn’t say anything else. The ER waiting room didn’t have too many people in it, but it seemed to remain a solemn atmosphere, regardless of the amount of people there. I texted my dads to let them know what happened and that I was in the hospital, but I knew they wouldn’t see it until the sun actually came up, so I just sat in the chair while we waited. 
I don’t know how long we waited before we heard anything because the minutes seemed to run into each other, but eventually a doctor came out to talk to Gayle and Seth. He was a handsome older man, and he came and knelt down to Gayle’s level.
“Mrs. Montgomery. First, I want to say that your husband is alive.” Gayle hiccupped, and I felt Seth relax a little bit more. “We ran some tests on him, and we determined that the best way to go right now is to give him a cardio angioplasty. What we will do during this procedure is put in a device called a stent. It’s shaped kind of like a ballpoint pen, and we will insert it into the artery to help it remain open after the clot is removed. We are prepping him right now for that, so you will have to wait a little longer before you can see him.”
The doctor explained everything very well to Gayle and Seth, and he took time to answer all of the questions they had. After they ran out of questions, and signed all the paperwork for the surgery, we were finally able to sit back down and take a breather. I let out a relieved sigh, because I knew that George was going to be okay. I put my head on Seth’s shoulder, and held onto his hand. 
“Are you okay?” I whispered to him.
“I will be when I see him alive,” he said back to me. He turned to look at me and put his forehead against mine. “Thanks for coming with me, Jos. There’s no way I could keep it together if you weren’t here.” His breath whispered against my face, making his words seem more intimate. 
“That’s not true, Seth. You’re the strongest person I know,” I whispered to him, shaking my head. He grazed his lips over my cheek and moved them to my ear.
“You have no idea, Josie. You have no idea what you do for me, what you do to me.” He grabbed my chin with his hand and held it firmly while he kissed the side of my mouth. After a moment of lingering there, he moved his lips to my top lip and pulled it softly into his mouth. I started breathing rapidly, and I couldn’t think. I could never think when he did that to me.
I started to open my mouth to him, fully prepared to let him take it further, when my cell phone went off. Seth closed his eyes and sighed before letting go of me and turning back around in his seat. I suddenly felt empty at the loss of his touch.
I reached inside of my purse and pulled out my cell phone. It was only 5:00 in the morning, so I had no idea who could be calling. I looked at the screen and a lump grew in my throat as I saw Blake’s name come across the screen. I got up and moved towards the coffee machines for a little privacy. Nothing like a phone call from your boyfriend to bring you back to earth.
“Hello?” I said softly into the phone.
“Hey! I am about 15 minutes from where you live. I was wondering if you were still at the hospital, or if you are back home yet.”
“You didn’t have to leave yet! You could have slept some. I’m so sorry! I’m still at the hospital. You can meet me here in the ER.”
“I need to be there with you, not sleeping, Josie. I’ll be there soon, okay?”
“Okay. Be careful.”
“I will… bye.”
“Bye.” I ended the phone call and put it back into my purse. 
I got a cup of coffee, and leaned against the wall for a few minutes before I went back to where I was sitting. I was about to let Seth kiss me, and I was anxious for it. Guilt riddled my consciousness for letting myself get wrapped up in Seth, for losing control. Eight hours ago, Blake made it clear he wasn’t going to share me, and I was already breaking his trust. I needed to get my shit together! 
I walked back and sat down. I didn’t say anything to Seth or Gayle, wanting to wait the minutes before Blake got there in silence.
“Is he coming here?” Seth asked me. I knew who he was referring to, so I nodded my head. I saw him clench his jaw and then rise from his seat. “Well, I think I saw enough of you two in the last twelve hours, so I’m going to go walk around. I’d rather not see your reunion.” He walked away from me and I was a little speechless at what he said, but I didn’t go after him. He needed time alone. Damn moody artist, I thought.
A few minutes later, Blake came into the ER. He walked right to me, and I was eager to be back in his arms. He kissed my head, and held me for a few minutes. Gayle had fallen asleep in her chair, so I didn’t have to introduce him to anyone yet. 
“I’ve got all your stuff in the car. It’s a good thing we were mostly packed already. It was pretty easy to get everything,” he said. We separated long enough to sit down in the chair and get comfortable.
“I figured you would sleep some before you came. I’m so tired.” He wrapped his arm around me and held me closer to him.
“Go ahead and sleep. I’ll wake you up whenever they get some news.” I nodded into his shoulder, and I felt so comfortable with him that I drifted to sleep pretty easily. 
*             *             *
Someone was nudging my shoulder.
“Baby, wake up. He’s out.” I felt someone placing kisses all over my face. “Wake up, sleepyhead.”
“Uhhhhhh…. I’m awake. Just one minute,” I said groggily to the evil human being who was waking me. 
“George is awake,” Blake said to me. I shot up from where I was laying. I’m not really sure how I managed to do it, but my head was in Blake’s lap with one leg on the back of the chairs and the other one on the floor. I cocked my head in confusion at my position, and then turned myself back to sitting position. 
Blake chuckled, “Yeah, I wouldn’t have believed you did that in your sleep if I hadn’t been the one you were laying on.” I smiled up at him, slightly embarrassed.
“She’s always been like that. Every time we slept in the same bed, she would end up in a different position in the morning,” Seth said from the seats across from us, seemingly taking some sort of pleasure in knowing how I sleep. I shot him a warning look, and then looked at Blake who creased his eyebrows.
I nudged him lightly. “When we were kids,” I said. I heard Seth huff, but ignored him.  “So he’s awake?”
“Ya. Mom is back there now with him. They said for today, they only want family going in, so you won’t be able to see him until tomorrow,” Seth answered.
“Oh, okay. Well, I’ll wait until you’re done seeing him, and then head home.”
“You can go now. I know you’re tired.”
“No. No, I’ll stay until you’re done. Make sure everything is okay.” I wasn’t going to leave him there.
We waited a few minutes longer until Gayle came back out. She patted Seth on the cheek, and then kissed him before sitting back down. Seth got up for his turn to see his dad, and I gave him a quick hug before he left.
Blake and I played a word game on his phone while we waited, and I loved how comfortable we were able to be even in a sad situation. We were laughing and goofing off, making up funny words in the game. I didn’t feel self-conscious or uncomfortable with Blake; it was always easy. We were good together.  
When Seth came back out, I instantly noticed a change in his mood. Seeing his dad doing well must have lifted his spirits. I got up and gave him as big of a hug as my small arms could muster. I was so glad that everything was okay.
“Go home Pu-,” he pulled back abruptly and grimaced. “Wow… it’s going to be really weird calling you that from now on.” I chuckled nervously, and looked away, wanting to find a hole I could go hide in. “Go home, Jos. Get some sleep. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Okay. Let me know if anything changes.” I kissed him on his cheek, and Blake came up to stand with me. 
“Glad he’s doing well, man,” Blake said genuinely to Seth. Seth just nodded, and went to sit with Gayle.  I said a final goodbye to her and then we went to Blake’s car.
“Thanks for being there with me.” I said to Blake after I buckled myself in.
“No problem. I’d do anything to help you out.” He took my hand, and we drove to my house. My dads were expecting us that day for spring break anyway, so it wouldn’t be a surprise when we showed up at the house. Blake and I decided it was time to meet the parents, so we planned to spend the week with my dads and then a few days with his mom.  
“So, do you think your dads will like me?” He asked me in his cute boyish way. I laughed because that was probably the tenth time he had asked me that question that week. I think he was nervous because he not only had to worry about one dad trying to kill him if he hurt his baby girl, but two. 
“I think they might like you. If not, then I guess it just won’t work out for us,” I said back to him with a smirk. He pulled his hand from mine giving me a devilish look, and reached over to tickle my side. I hated that I couldn’t control the bout of laughter that was always uncontrollable when I was being tickled. It wasn’t funny. Being tickled is never funny. So I resorted to the only thing I knew would work while he was driving. I beat him up with my scrawny fists.
“Stop it now, Blake James Porter!” I yelled at him, still laughing. 
“Okay... okay… But only because we are in the car. I am not finished with you missy!” he said, pretending to give me a stern look. I smirked at him, having no doubt that he wasn’t finished with me, but knowing that I would find a way to steer his playfulness towards a different outlet. 
“Mmmhmmm we’ll see. We women have a secret power that makes sexy men like you lose complete focus, so I think I will be able to escape your future torture.” I winked at him and chuckled at the look on his face.
“You play dirty, baby. But something tells me I really don’t think I will mind,” he said shaking his head.  
We pulled up to the front of my house, and giddiness started to work its way through me. We had lived in that house for about 15 years, and I always felt peace when I was there. It was a two story house that had white paneling on the outside of it. I could tell that Daddy was already working on the garden, because the flowers in front of the house were vibrant. It wasn’t huge, but it wasn’t small either. I grew up in that house, and I loved being there. I looked over at Blake, and smiled. 
“Come on, scaredy cat!” I hopped out of the car and made my way to the front door. I waited for Blake to catch up, and grabbed his hand to walk into the house together. Daddy was cleaning up the kitchen when we walked in, and Dad was sitting at the kitchen table reading the Sunday paper. They both looked up in unison as we walked into the room.
“Hi dads!” I said smiling at them and running up to give them each a big hug. Dad’s eyes never left Blake’s in a look of resentment, but Daddy looked at him with a much more appreciative eye. I walked back up to Blake and grabbed his hand again. “This is Blake. Blake, these are my dads, Will and Tony.” Blake went up to each of them and shook their hand.
“Nice to meet you sirs.” He cringed a little at the use of ‘sirs,’ but I just laughed and nudged him. I couldn’t get over how cute he was, meeting my dads. He was a tough and confident man around me and other people, but being around my family turned him into a shyer person. I loved it.
“Good to meet you too! Josie seems to be keeping us in the dark, because we were not told how handsome you are!” Daddy said to him teasingly. I swear I saw a slight blush creeping up Blake’s neck when he heard that. 
“Yeah, well I am nowhere near as good looking as Josie is,” he said wrapping me into his arms. “She seems to have gotten a perfect mixture of both of your DNA,” Blake said to them, seriously. It was quiet for a few seconds before we all started cracking up laughing. 
“Looks like you got yourself a funny one, huh baby girl,” Dad grunted and pulled me into another big hug. He always held me like that, but I swear he was going to kill me one day from squeezing too hard. 
“Oh! How’s George?” Daddy asked me, turning serious.
“He had to get a cardio angioplasty, but he seemed to be doing well afterwards, according to the doctors. We can’t see him until later… only family for right now.”
“Oh alright. We’ll go over there with you later. Are you guys hungry? I was just about to make some lunch.” I looked over at the clock, saw that it was 11:00, and I knew he was lying. Sundays were their lazy days. They stayed in bed until 10:30, so they would have just had their breakfast. I smiled at his sweetness, and said yes because I really was starving. 
I showed Blake around the house while we waited for Daddy to cook us some food. I showed him our game room, my parent’s room, the guest room (that I begged Daddy to convince Dad not to make Blake stay in), and finally my bedroom. I flopped onto my bed when we walked in. It was good to be in my room. Blake looked around the space, at all my Harry Potter posters, and pictures of family and friends on the wall. He looked at my bookshelf filled with dozens of books. I always prided myself on my bookshelf. There was nothing better looking than a filled bookshelf. 
Having him look around my room, a room that screamed nerd, was a little intimidating. This was a personal space for me, and I was sharing this big part of myself with him, not knowing how he would react. He came back over to the bed and laid down next to me and looked at me with a lazy smile.
“You really love books, huh?” he said. I smiled back at him.
“Yes! It’s always been my dream to have a room filled with books. Like in Beauty and the Beast. I’ve always dreamt of gliding around the room on one of those ladders that climbs up the wall, picking out books to read.” I said it wistfully and softly, imagining it vividly in my head. 
“What about other activities?” he said with a mischievous look on his face, wiggling his eyebrows. I laughed.
“Yeah, there is nothing hotter than having sex in a room filled with books!” He leaned in closer to me and started nuzzling my neck.
“Mmm, do you have experience in that, Ms. Sommers?”
“No,” I said a little breathless. He climbed over me, but didn’t let his body touch mine. 
“I’m going to build you a library room like that, and I am going to make that experience come true for you, love. That’s a fucking promise.” I closed my eyes, picturing us together in a room like that. I could practically feel the euphoria that he would make me feel in there. Pleasure also washed over me, as he called me “love.” He had never called me that before, but it gave me hope that he felt the same way about me as I did him. 
“I would love that,” I whispered. He leaned in closer to me so our lips were separated only by a small breath. I licked my dry lips, tasting his in the process, and he moaned in reaction. It took about a millisecond of thought before we sought out each other’s lips greedily. 
I slipped my tongue inside his mouth as he moved his hands over my body. He got them underneath of my shirt, and traced them across the bottom of my belly to the bottom of my bra. I moaned into his mouth and rolled over so I was on top of him. I could feel him harden against my groin, turning me on more than I already was. I started grinding against him while he kissed me. 
He kissed down my neck, nipping at my skin then licking it after. My movements started to get faster, and he gripped my hips tightly, helping me move against him. I needed more friction, more movement. He moaned as I quickened my pace and grinded himself even harder on me. I needed… needed more… I was moaning louder now, and Blake grabbed my face so he could cover up my moans with his mouth. I felt myself get wet enough to seep through my jeans, but I was too close to my orgasm to try to stop. Blake slipped his hands under my bra and pinched my nipples, giving me exactly what I needed. I groaned and shuddered three times as I came. I was completely embarrassed at myself, but the look of adoration on Blake’s face eased some of the shame.
“Fuck Josie. Watching you do that almost made me bust in my pants. I haven’t done that since I was fifteen years old!” I laughed, and rolled off of him. I was about to say something smart, but Daddy called up the stairs.
“Come on you two! Lunch is ready. Josie, that boy better not be doing naughty things to you or else we will have no choice but to cut off his balls.” 
Blake raised his eyebrows at me and I just laughed as we walked down the stairs. “He’s just joking,” I said trying to reassure him. 
Dad grunted. “He might be joking, but I’m not.” 
*             *             *
The four of us spent the day together, and my dads seemed to like Blake a lot. Especially Daddy. The two of them played chess for a couple hours while Dad and I went into the garage to check out the car we had been working on for the last couple of years. It was a 1965 Plymouth Barracuda Formula S, and Dad got it from a loyal customer who couldn’t work on it any more. 
It was my favorite thing to do with Dad. We talked about the shop and life, and I always felt like it made us closer. I was underneath the car replacing the starter, when Blake came walking into the garage. I rolled out, and grinned up at him. 
“Come take a walk with me,” he said to me.
“Okay. Just let me tighten this bolt real quick, and I’ll be out. Dad is that cool?”
He grunted, and I knew he was saying yes in his own bear-like way. I finished what I was doing, and got up to go wash my hands. 
“Okay. I’m ready,” I said grabbing Blake’s hand. 
We started walking down the sidewalk, making small talk. I told him about the neighbors, and explained some of the awful things they would say. He rubbed his thumb back and forth on my hand comforting me as I told him the stories. I felt so at peace with him; I was head over heels for this man. My heart tightened with fear of what that could mean, but a part of me was thrilled. 
“I have your birthday present. We got distracted last night, so I wasn’t able to give it to you,” he said to me as we walked. I got excited and grinned at him, stopping our walk immediately. 
“Ohhhhh, I love presents! Can I have it?” I pleaded to him with widened eyes and a pouty face. I wasn’t ashamed about being excited for a present from my boyfriend. Who didn’t love getting presents? He kissed my pouted lips before he reached into his pocket. 
“You can have it, but you have to promise me that you’ll say you like it even if you don’t. I put a lot of work into finding the most perfect gift,” he said a little nervously. He handed me a small box wrapped perfectly in green wrapping paper and a tiny silver bow. I looked up at him and smiled.
“Don’t get any ideas… I had no hand in wrapping that,” he laughed.
I opened the wrapping paper carefully, and pulled out a small little box. My heart raced. No one had ever given me jewelry before, and I was pretty sure that it was jewelry in that box. I opened the box, and gasped when I saw it. I put my hand to my chest and looked up at Blake. He gave me a small smile, and I looked back down at the beautiful ring he had gotten for me. 
It was a rose gold band that was molded into a pattern that looked like rope entwined. The band was laced with small diamonds that led to the center of the ring. The center was so gorgeous I could barely breathe. It was an emerald stone that was shaped into a square, my favorite style of ring. The part that was even more amazing, was that the emerald was wrapped in surrounding blue sapphire stones. 
It was gorgeous, and so thoughtful. It was unique and completely me. It was us. It was a perfect image of what we were becoming, and how I was feeling. I looked back up to him, and got lost in his brown eyes. I was speechless. I could feel my heart expanding with emotion for him. As I looked into his eyes, I knew. I knew I was so unbelievably in love with him. 
“It’s beautiful,” I whispered and looked away. I was shocked at myself for falling in love with him so easily, but there was nothing that I could do to stop the overpowering swell of love that was blossoming for him. It hadn’t been planned. I came to college with no intention of falling in love, but fate had other plans for me. He took the box from me and grabbed my right hand. He slipped on the gorgeous piece of art, and I really believed in that moment that I was spared my life to love and be loved by that man.
“If you don’t like it, Jo, I understand. It was the first time I had ever designed jewelry, so I wasn’t sure,” he said, trailing off at the end of the sentence. I reached up and grabbed his face, and then kissed him in a way that would reflect everything that I felt but couldn’t tell him yet. 
“I love it so much,” I said emphatically. I love you, I thought. “It’s perfect,” I assured him. You’re perfect, I said to myself. “Wait, did you say you designed it? Oh my god, Blake! You are so freaking amazing!” He smiled and lifted me into his arms and kissed me.
“I’m glad you like it,” he said. He grabbed my hand again, and we continued our walk. I felt like I was walking on clouds, deliriously happy to be with him. 
“I really like your parents, Jo. I’m glad you let me come and meet them.”
“Yeah, I think they like you too. Now we just have to get through meeting your mom and then we can both relax.”
“Ma’s going to love you, Josie. You’re perfect.” I wasn’t perfect. I was seriously flawed, but I didn’t want to shatter that image just yet. 
“I’m tainted, Blake,” I said to him seriously. He stopped abruptly, and stared at me.
“You are most definitely not tainted, love.” There it was again. He called me ‘love’ again. That had to be a sign. He kissed me sweetly, before we turned around and walked back to the house.
*             *             *
After dinner, we went to my room. We watched the first Harry Potter, because my weirdo boyfriend had never watched it! After the movie, we laid in the bed and talked. 
“Your dads are great parents, huh?” he asked me out of the blue.
“The best. I never wanted anything. They have always been supportive of me. They rarely fought, and I have always felt lucky to have had them as my parents… Do you want a family?” I asked him, curious. He turned to me and smiled his perfect crooked toothed smile.
“Yeah, I do. I want a bunch of kids with the most perfect girl by my side. Like 10 kids, babe...,” he said, chuckling. I’m sure that last part wasn’t true, but he was so cute when he said it. His eyes got thoughtful, and he continued. “I’ve always worried that I would end up like my dad, but I think I’ve always placed enough distance from him so that won’t happen.”
“You won’t be like your dad if you don’t want to be,” I said. I really had no idea, because he didn’t talk about him too much, but I could just tell that he would be a great dad. I’ve seen the way he coaches the kid’s soccer teams at the gym. He’s amazing. 
“I hate my dad,” he said softly. I held his hand and turned to face him. 
“I’m sorry, Blake.” 
“He’s in jail. He did something unforgivable, and even though I never really respected him before, I despise him now. I can’t stand the thought of him.”
“What’d he do?” I asked. I had been wanting to ask that question since he first brought it up months ago, but he always avoided talking about his dad. He looked away from me and I could tell he was mad because his face got a little red and he clenched his jaw. He sighed before he answered.
“He sexually assaulted someone. Ruined her life, and doesn’t even acknowledge that what he did was wrong. I hate him.” I was shocked. I would never have guessed that that was what his dad had done. There was something about the admission that made me feel closer to him. Made me feel like I could tell him everything. 
“I was raped,” I whispered into the night air. I felt his hand tighten at my words, but I wouldn’t look at him because I was scared he wouldn’t want me anymore. Scared I was too tainted. 
 
Chapter 11
Monday Present
I wake up, sprawled across my queen sized bed. I groan at the sunlight seeping in through the windows. I hate mornings. I look over at my phone and realize that it was an alarm that woke me up. What the hell, I think. 
Blake. He helped me last night. It slowly comes back to me how he pulled me out of the shower, how he helped me calm down, and how I begged him to stay with me. I groan again before I start to roll out of bed. I’m still naked, and I’m glad that Blake left before I woke up because this would have been completely awkward. 
I pull on a large t-shirt and some panties and run downstairs. I need to make my Dad some breakfast and lunch so he doesn’t starve while I’m out. I hear a chair scrape as I start working on the food, making me jump. 
“Mmm, now that is a sight. I remember when you used to make me breakfast with nothing on,” Blake said, leaning on the back two legs of the chair and not hiding his blatant, hungry stare at my bare legs. I give him a pointed look, and walk to his chair hitting one of the back legs. Blake falls onto the floor with a loud thud, shocked. I just grin and get back to work on my eggs. 
“I see you haven’t changed too much,” he muses as he gets himself back into his seat. I just shrug, not caring if he thinks that’s a bad thing. “I’m glad Jo, because when I win you back, I want my Josie to still have her sense of humor,” he says, confidence clearly not bruised. 
I whip around and stare at him hard. 
“I am not the same Josie I was a year ago, Blake. Make no mistake about that.” He looks a little sad after I say that, but it’s the truth so I don’t really care. 
When I finish with the omelets, I run upstairs to put on some pants and take one to Dad. I hear him in the closet, so I go in and find him flipping through some old photo albums. 
“I just wish I could see him one last time,” he whispers to me. It breaks my heart. I slide down next to him, and hug him.  
“I do too, Dad.”
“Just to tell him not to go…,” he says, starting to sob again.
“I know, Dad… but he would have left anyway. He always believed in fate,” I say, trying to reassure him. I don’t know what to say. I’m mad Daddy felt like he had to leave to go get some ice cream for us, too. I’m mad that the driver was driving drunk. I’m mad Daddy didn’t even have a chance to recover because he was killed on impact. How do I reassure someone it’s going to be okay, when I’m not sure it is?
After a few minutes, I get up and hand him his food. 
“I am about to make some lunch for you. It’ll be in the fridge. I’m gonna be out today, so if you need anything just call me. Okay?” All I get is a grunt this time, so I sigh and kiss the top of his head. “I love you, Dad.”
When I go back downstairs, I see Blake playing on his phone. I roll my eyes, and get my plate to eat my omelet. I don’t ask if Blake wants anything, and I don’t feel bad about it either. 
“Brooke will be here in an hour so y’all can go to the spa. You’ll only have three hours before we all meet for lunch, but I promise to get you in again soon.” I stare at him wondering what the hell he thinks he’s doing. 
I drop my fork, and it clangs loudly against the plate. “Blake, what are you talking about? I’m not going to let you do this again. I agreed because I said we could hang out, and I think you knew that if Brooke was going to go then I couldn’t say no. But don’t get any ideas about where this is going. I won’t change my mind.”
“I’m not ready to give up, Josie. I love you too much. So, you don’t get any ideas that this isn’t going anywhere,” he says just as adamantly and passionately. I shake my head, and ignore him. 
As I get ready for the day, I get a little excited about relaxing for a few hours. This last week, hell this whole year, has taken its toll on me, and I could use this little treat. Brooke came not a minute after I applied my last stroke of make-up. Okay, maybe I put on a little more make-up than usual, but that doesn’t mean anything. Right?
Brooke and I take my car, and Brandon and Blake take Brandon’s car.
“Wasn’t this so nice of Blake? I soooo need a day at the spa. I swear I was up half the night puking my guts out!” I give her a sympathetic smile.
“Yeah, it’s pretty nice, but he’s just doing it so he can win me back,” I say to her.
“So what!? The boy loves you to pieces. You should hear him back home. He’s always asking about you, making sure you’re okay, and asking what you have been doing. He’s miserable without you.” I’m a little shocked hearing this. 
“You never told me any of this before,” I say.
“Yeah, well you banned any talk of him, so I just avoided the topic as best as I could,” she says, shrugging. 
That’s some food for thought. Throughout my massage and facial, I couldn’t stop picturing Blake. Blake kissing me. Blake holding me. Blake asking about me. Blake mourning the loss of our relationship. Could he have suffered as much as I have? No. No he hasn’t. He won’t know suffering until he has had to experience what I have.
I get anxious as we walk to the restaurant. It almost feels like a first date, and I have no idea what to expect. They meet us there, looking impeccably handsome. Brandon gives his fiancé a big kiss, letting everyone in the restaurant know she is taken. Blake leans in and places a lingering soft kiss on my cheek. 
“You look radiant, Josie,” he says softly, taking my hand in his and leading me to the table. 
The restaurant is nice, but it has a laid back kind of atmosphere so it isn’t stuffy. There is a stage near the front, and it looks like someone is setting up to play. We order our food, and then fall into an easy conversation. I’m actually surprised at how normal it feels to be sitting here with everyone. We haven’t been like this in months, but it feels like no time has passed.
Blake takes my hand underneath the table, and I let him. I know I am just giving in to what I thought I didn’t want, but there is something about Blake that makes me succumb to his charms. He rubs his thumb across my skin, and I lose focus of my surroundings. The continuous circles he rubs into my palm make me putty in his hands, but I no longer care. 
“Ladies and gentlemen,” someone says into the microphone, making me redirect my attention. “Please help me welcome to the stage, Ms. Jonathon Higgins!” I gasp and turn to Blake. He smirks at me, and as soon as the music starts, he pulls me out of my seat so he can dance with me. He moves my arms around his neck, and then slips his across my back.
“Did you bring him here?” I ask him, wondering if this is a coincidence or if it was something he planned. 
“I did. I convinced him to change his schedule so we could see him again.” I smile so big my cheeks hurt. I can’t believe he did this for me. I can’t believe he remembered. I still have my shirt in my apartment, and wear it when I feel lonely. 
“I still have my shirt,” I say to him. He puts his head in my neck and breathes me in.
“I do too. I think about you every time I see it. I can’t get rid of it. It means too much to me,” he says softly, bringing me closer to him.
We dance and twirl around while Ms. Higgins sings his music. Dancing with Blake brings me back to a place of happiness and comfort. He’s always been able to help me feel whole and carefree, and that hasn’t changed even with everything that’s happened between us. The day I met Blake, I blossomed; the day I found out the truth, I wilted. I didn’t realize that he could still make me feel whole, even after everything he did wrong to me.
The last song is a slow one, and we each start to get a little bolder with our hands. I play with the little bit of hair that has grown since I last saw him. His five o’clock shadow rubs against my cheek and his hot breath whispers against my skin. I feel such an overwhelming sense of peace that I start to tear up. He feels so good, and I don’t want to let him go. One week. For one week I can have him, and give him a chance to make things right. 
He pulls back and looks at me, noticing my misty eyes even though I try to avert them. He grabs my chin to keep me looking at him, and gently brings his mouth to mine. His kiss is so soft, barley grazing my lips at first. He keeps his eyes open, making sure that he’s not overstepping, but I have no intention of stopping him. I close my eyes wanting to appreciate the bliss that he is offering. 
When I don’t turn away, Blake brings me flush against him and deepens the kiss. I weave my fingers in his hair, and bring him closer to me. When his tongue begs for entrance, I oblige with just as much enthusiasm. It has been a year deprived of each other, and we both take in as much as we can in the short moment that we’ve been given. The music stops, but the moment between us continues. Not wanting to spoil the intensity of this kiss, we keep ourselves wrapped around each other. 
I hear a shriek from the table next to us, effectively bursting the bubble we had built. 
“Oh my god, I’m going to be sick,” Brooke says, bringing her hand to her mouth. She gets up and runs to the bathroom.” Brandon looks at me with a pleading look that I know instantly is a plea for me to check on her. I nod at him and then turn to Blake. 
“Must have been the fish. I’ll be right back.”
I grab Brooke’s purse, and walk to the bathroom. I hear Brooke throwing up in the bathroom stall. I know it’s gross, but she is my best friend, so I walk into the stall and pull her hair back and rub her back until she is finished. 
“It’s okay sweetie,” I say as she moans, “You’ve only got about three weeks left in your first trimester. It won’t be as bad after that. Do you need any crackers? I can go get some.”
“Ugh… no thanks. I’ve still got three weeks? Geesh, I should have paid more attention at the doctor’s visit. How do you know all that?” I laugh lightly, even as a pang fills me again at the thought of a baby. 
“Didn’t you take health, Brooke?”
“Well, yeah. But Brandon was in my class, and we sat in the back and did our own health experiments. If you know what I mean.” She winks at me, then gets up to go to the sink and wash out her mouth. Of course I know. I can’t even count how many times I have caught their experiments in action. 
“Wait! You went to the doctor already? Did you get a sonogram?” I ask, getting excited. 
“Oh yeah! Duh! They had to stick the longest dildo looking thing inside of me to get the picture. It’s in my purse.” I shake my head and hand her the purse so she can get the picture. She grabs it from an envelope she has in her purse, and hands it to me. She looks over my shoulder as I look at the picture of the little jelly bean that’s sitting in her tummy. 
“Oh Brooke,” I whisper. I am so happy for her. I am happy that she has Brandon to share something this special with. I look over my shoulder at her, and see the fascination in her expression. She’s probably looked at this picture a million times, but she’s still riveted by the mini human inside of her. She smiles wistfully at the picture one last moment, and then puts it back in her purse. 
I see Blake paying the tab when we walk out of the bathroom. Brandon tucks Brooke under his arm, and she looks at Blake and says, “Must have been the samonella in the fish or something.” 
Blake and I look at each other both trying to hold in a laugh, but as soon as we look at each other, we can’t hold it in. 
“It’s called salmonella, sweetie. Don’t worry, most people wouldn’t have noticed,” I said, putting an arm around her before walking out of the restaurant. I love hearing the things that come out of her mouth. 
We all decide that a walk in the nearby park would be nice, so we start heading in that direction. Seneca Park is a cute park that has a pond in the middle and paths that lead you through the woods, through a butterfly garden, or around the pond. It’s always been a favorite place of mine to walk and think.
Blake grabs my pinkie as we walk in silence around the pond. We don’t need to say anything, we just take what we are given in this moment.
I hear someone calling my name, and I turn around to find Gayle walking around the path as well. I stop and smile at her as she gets closer. I let go of Blake, and meet her in the middle. She wraps me in a big hug, and it feels good to have a motherly figure hug me right now. We hug for about a minute before she grabs my face to get a good look at me.
“Well for everything that’s happened, dear, I have to say you look as beautiful as ever! I’m so sorry we couldn’t come to the funeral. George has been doing too much behind my back, so I had to stay and make sure he didn’t give himself another heart attack.”
“Oh, it’s okay. I barely remember the first half of it anyway. Daddy knows you were there in heart,” she nods her head at my response, the mood suddenly becoming solemn. “Have you told him?” I ask softly.
“I left him a message, dear, but I haven’t heard back from him. I didn’t think I should tell him in a message that Will died, so I just told him he needed to call me back because something happened to you.” I can tell she is sad that she hasn’t heard back from Seth, but it’s just something I’ve gotten used to. It sends a shock of pain through my heart, though, that he doesn’t seemed to be a little concerned for me. I could die, and he couldn’t care less. He really did mean what he said, I think. 
“Well, that’s okay. He’s got his own life now; I know he’s busy.” I try to swallow the sudden ache that has lodged itself in my throat. I give my best fake smile, and hug her again.
“He misses you, dear,” she whispers to me. “Every time I do hear from him, he asks about you first. It will all work out soon,” she says reassuringly. 
I mentally shake the pain that has started clouding me, and return to Blake, grabbing his hand. I lead him on a path that enters the woods and towards a hidden hideaway in the trees. There’s a patch of flat land in front of a large tree that makes a perfect sitting area. I sit down against the tree enjoying the peacefulness and beauty of the earth around me. 
“This week only Blake,” I declare, watching him as he slides down next to me. “Make me fall back in love with you again. Make me feel something again, because I’m dead right now.” While I may not be pouring out my soul, it was still a declaration that I have kept hidden even from myself for way too long. He reaches out cups my cheek in his hand, and I can tell he understands. 
“I have felt the same way for this last year, Jo. The last twenty four hours with you have woken me, and I’m starting to feel whole again. I’ll do anything, Jo. I can’t take back what I did to you. I can’t take back the awful truth, but I will make the new memories better. I will make it so you never have to feel dead again.” I nod into his hand, already relaxing at the sincerity of his promulgation. I want to feel alive, even if it is just for a week. 
“Okay,” I say back to him. 
 
Chapter 12
 
The four of us return to my house, and sit on the back patio talking. 
As it gets dark, Blake decides to spice up the conversation with some beer. Dad declined our offer to go outside, so it’s just the four of us outside listening to music and chatting. It doesn’t surprise me, but it did break my heart a little to see the emptiness that the drugs and his loss seem to have created in him. 
When Blake comes back, he hands me a Corona, he knows me too well, and goes to hand Brandon and Brooke a Bud Light. When Brooke declines the offer for alcohol, I get a feeling her little secret is about to be exposed. Blake kind of looks taken aback when she says no, and I have to hide a laugh, knowing how strange it is to hear Brooke say no to alcohol.  Brandon and Brooke exchange a sweet, intimate smile while Blake comes and sits next to me. 
“I’m so confused… I don’t think I’ve ever seen Brooke turn down free booze,” Blake muses. About a minute later, he sits up in his chair, eyes wide. He points between the two of them.
“Are you guys…? Are you…?” he tries to ask, stammering. Brandon and Brooke just laugh as they smile joyously. 
“Yeah man, Brooke and I are gonna have a baby!” Brandon says, excitedly. Blake shoots out of his chair as soon as the words leave Brandon’s mouth. He goes to Brooke first and hugs her gently, almost cautiously, and gives her a kiss on her cheek. 
“Dude, I really didn’t think you’d be having a family before me! I always thought I’d be the one married with kids by now!” he says to Brandon, giving him a big hug with a hard slap on his back that sounded like it hurt.
“You tell Ma yet? She’s gonna be thrilled. A wedding and a grandbaby.” Blake calms down enough to come sit back down with me, and can’t keep the smile off of his face. Seemingly without a thought, he finds my hand and rubs his thumb in circles on the top of my hand.
“Nah, just you two know. We’ll tell everyone else soon though. Just wanted to make it through the first trimester,” Brandon explains. 
Blake turns and looks at me wistfully, and I know exactly what he’s thinking. I know how much he wanted kids, and I know that we had always dreamed of starting a family together. His look makes me feel that ache again, and I have to turn away from him before I start breaking down. 
We all talk animatedly about the baby and the future wedding, all of us excited for Brooke and Brandon’s future together. Being the maid of honor means that I have a lot of responsibilities in the wedding. It also means that there will be no way to hide from Blake, the best man, if things don’t work out this week. I try to shake off the negative thoughts, and focus on the fact that for one week, I will be loved by my other half. For five days, we can forget about what he did to me, and I can forget about what I did to him. 
“Please don’t make my dress a hideous pink fluffy dress, Brooke!” I beg her as conversation changes to bridesmaids’ dresses.
“Mmmhmmm, this coming from the girl who will probably have the minister dress up as Albus Dumbledore, and have the bridesmaids on a broom stick in her wedding,” she retorts.
Blake and I exchange a glance, and then start cracking up laughing. Not because she thinks she’s funny, but because I’ve told him that it would be cool to have a wedding like that. He thought I was joking at first, but I wasn’t. 
“You wouldn’t believe how close to the tr-,” Blake starts to say, but I jump on him and cover his mouth with my hand before he can finish his sentence. 
“Don’t you dare!” I yell at him. He licks my hand and I pull it away abruptly. “Eww Blake! You know I hate that!”
“Josie totally wants a Harry Potter wedding!” he says before I could get him to stop talking again. I sag against him and put my face in my hands. He’s shaking with laughter, and even though it is kind of funny, I can’t believe he just admitted that to them. 
Brandon, Blake, and Brooke continue to laugh and bounce ideas off of each other as I pretend to pout in my seat. Suggestions like, a sorting hat that gives the seating assignments, Marauder’s map as the wedding schedule, having people use wands to give good wishes, hats and brooms as props, a leaky cauldron themed reception complete with Butterbeer (I’ll have to remember that one), and even put on a wizard dual at the reception. 
“Stop picking on me!” I plead sticking out my bottom lip, but it just makes them laugh even more. Blake grabs my face, forcing me to look at him.
“I’d give you anything you want, Jo, no matter how silly anyone else thinks it is,” he says sweetly giving me the sweetest smile. I love his hands on my face, so comforting and strong. 
“Oh yeah? What if I made you continue the charade back to the bedroom?” I ask with a smirk, knowing I got one on him. 
“Then I’d show you just how good I am with a wand,” he says and winks at me. Okay, maybe he got one on me, but I don’t mind the little excitement the words give me.
We laugh and joke until Brooke passes out from fatigue. Brandon picks her up, and carries her to the car. Brooke has to return to work Wednesday, so they have to leave in the morning. I will miss them, but I have no doubt that Brooke will check up on me frequently. 
When Brandon and Brooke leave, I run upstairs to check on Dad. I find him asleep in his bed amidst a mess of pictures of our family. After cleaning them up and tucking him in, I run to my room to change into pajamas before going back downstairs. 
“When do you have to go back to work?” Blake asks as I flop onto the couch next to him.
“I go back on Wednesday, too. I’ve taken too much time off. And I have exams coming up soon. Should be graduating next month.” He gives me a small smile and pulls me so I lay my head in his lap.
“I wish I hadn’t missed this whole year with you,” he says softly rubbing my hair. 
“You didn’t miss much,” I say casually. 
“Josie,” Blake whispers to me in the dark room. The pain in his voice makes me look at him. His dark brown eyes reflect the same pain I feel. “I’d give anything to be able to hold you like this every day until I die. So, yes I did miss a lot. I missed kissing you every morning. I missed kissing you before we fell asleep. I missed celebrating every class you passed. I missed every conversation about your students, family, and life. So please don’t say I didn’t miss much, because to me, I lost the other half of my fucking heart for a year.” I reach up and lightly touch his face. Every word was said with the sorrow and loneliness that he must be feeling, and my heart hurts. I want to take the pain away, but how do I do that when my pain is just as fresh and agonizing?
Before I am able to take my hand away, he grabs it and brings it to his mouth. He slips out his tongue and licks the tip of my middle finger, and then bites it lightly. I moan softly, enjoying the way my insides clench. He repeats the action on each finger making the shock turn to pure desire. As my breathing gets rapid and unsteady, I feel him harden against my shoulder. He pulls me up so he can wrap his arms around me.
“Let me take care of you, Jo,” he whispers, lips trailing along my jaw. Even though I know he means more than satisfying me sexually, I nod anyway. 
“Say it, baby,” he says gravelly.             
“Take care of me, Blake,” I rasp out.
“Tell me how.” He won’t do anything until I tell him. It’s his thing, it turns us both on to hear the words come out of my mouth. 
“I want you to lick me,” I say. He flips me so I am laying on the couch and he lays over me, moving his lips to my neck. He slides his tongue up to the shell of my ear, and licks it just how I like. I buck my hips up to his so I can get some much needed pressure, needing him more than I have ever needed anyone.
“Right here, love?” he whispers huskily to me.
“Ah, Blake. You know where!” I whine, hoping he will give in.
“Mmmm, I need to hear those dirty words come out of that pretty mouth of yours.” He trails kisses down my neck and pushes his hard dick against me. His soft lips lightly graze my tan skin, making my skin cover in chills. He teases me across my neck with his lips, causing me to pant as desire overtakes my body. The need and longing that has been building for a year is so powerful that I start shaking.
“I need you to lick my pussy right now, Blake, because I don’t think my cunt could throb any more than it is right now!” I say, knowing that there is no way he can deny me after hearing that. Clearly my lack of intimacy with any human being for the past twelve months has built up to the point of explosion. He straightens his arms and looks down at me with a semi-shocked look on his face. I’ve never said anything like that to him before, and if I wasn’t so turned on, I think I would run to another room and never come back out. He groans and closes his eyes. I see his forehead glistening in the same lascivious need that I am feeling. He’s restraining himself, and I hope he doesn’t hold back any longer.
“Oh my god, Josie, that’s the sexiest fucking thing you have ever said to me. I’ll make you feel so good that you won’t have a choice but to be mine… that’s a fucking promise.” He kisses me hard, and slides his hands under my shirt and over my stomach. He pulls it up until I lift my arms so he can take it off. 
He puts his strong soft arm around my back and forces my back to arch for him. His wet tongue drags from the skin above the tops of my shorts, up my flat belly. He dips his tongue into my navel, and then continues to my right breast. He cups it, and pulls my hard nipple into his mouth. 
“I’ve always loved how hard these get for me,” he says, his voice vibrating my sensitive skin. He bites it and pulls, just how I like it, continuing on the other right when I feel close to climax. I love watching his eyes as he takes my breasts into his mouth. His eyes are hooded with lust, and they hold so much control and passion in one look. He moves his other hand down my stomach, tracing every curve in my body, until he glides it into my shorts. I love the moan he lets out when he realizes that I didn’t wear any panties when I changed. As he pushes his fingers to part me open, I start squirming underneath of him. 
“You’re so wet. I can’t wait to taste you again, Josie,” he says before making me lift my hips so he could take off my shorts. He leans back and takes in my femininity with a look that makes me melt even further into the cushions. What makes me feel shy or uncomfortable, he thinks is beautiful. He cups my mound and uses his palm to add the pressure that I’ve been craving. I gasp and moan at the touch, and I hear his breathing getting louder in unison with mine. He spreads my legs and drapes them over his shoulders so he can get better access to me. 
He wastes no more time teasing me, and pushes two fingers into my wet slit. He works them in and out as he moves his head down to press his tongue against my most sensitive spot. I throb against his tongue, and when I feel myself getting closer to the peak of ecstasy, I push his head further into me, grinding against his mouth. He pulls my clit into his mouth and nibbles it lightly, making my eyes roll to the back of my head and cry out in unadulterated bliss. 
He moans against me as my insides clench around his fingers, and he holds my hips as I shake against him. He doesn’t move, licking every drop that I let out. He gives me one more kiss before he pulls himself up to me. He goes to wipe his mouth, but I grab him before he can. I bring his mouth to mine, tasting my excitement on my tongue. 
He pulls back and smiles at me. “You taste even better than I remembered. Dreams don’t do you justice.” He moves us so we are both on our sides, and cradles me against his chest. 
“You dream about me?” 
“Almost every night. I try to drink it away, but I feel like the earth is trying to punish me with the constant reminder of what we could have had. No amount of alcohol can take you out of my head. You’ve ruined me.” I smile sadly into his chest knowing that I always felt the same about him. Weariness starts to consume me, and I yawn loudly.
“I need to take care of you now,” I say sleepily. He just chuckles and rubs his hand over my back.
“No, love. That was more than I could have ever asked for. Go to sleep,” he whispers, and kisses my head before I let sleep pull me under. 
 
Chapter 13
August 6 years earlier
It was the first night in August when my life was dramatically altered into a life that was filled with haunting nightmares and plagued with uncertainty. 
I will forever have a shadow entwined with my soul because of the innocence and sense of security that was taken from me that day. The shadow consumed me and refused to let go. 
Seth and I asked our parents to pitch in and throw us a send-off party at a nice restaurant in Raleigh. It was a way for us to celebrate with friends one last time before we all went our separate ways for college. I wore a red Grecian style dress that had one strap going over my left shoulder, and my hair was in a slightly mussed side bun. I felt beautiful, and I was fully intent on having a good time with my best friend and classmates. 
We had about thirty people come to party that night, and I was hoping it would be the night that Mark and I would take things a step further than kissing. Mark was a guy that I used to make out with for the fun of it. For the past couple of years, we would sneak into my room and make out, but never took things further than that. No matter how many times I tried. 
Seth looked very handsome in some black fitted jeans and a black button down shirt. He was hoping Toni-Ann would let him take her in the bathroom before the night was over… and not for any bodily functions. We weren’t the only ones at the restaurant, but that didn’t deter us from making it our own. There was a ballroom area that we turned into an under aged night club for the night. We were having a blast. 
Our parents were sitting in a booth in the corner of the restaurant laughing and having a good time too. I went over to them and told them I was going to go get something to drink, and asked if they wanted anything. They didn’t, so I went over to the bar by myself.
I sat down on the stool so I could catch my breath from some hardcore dancing, and tried to get the guy’s attention behind the counter. 
“Here, I’ll help. What do you want?” A man in a nice blue tailored suit asked from the seat next to me.  His demeanor and clothing screamed wealthy. He was an older man, but he was still pretty handsome for being older. I smiled back at him, and told him I wanted a coke. Somehow, probably because of his powerful aura, he was able to flag down the bartender to get my drink. 
“Thank you so much! That was awesome. I would’ve been there for like ever if you hadn’t gotten that for me! I’m Josie, by the way.” He gave me a charming smile, and took my hand, giving it a lingering kiss. It felt like it meant too much, so I pulled my hand back before he got the idea that I was looking for a sugar daddy. 
“I’m Michael, and you are most certainly welcome. I don’t know how they missed you, you’re the most beautiful person in here,” he said.
Okay creeper, I thought.
I smiled and moved to leave, but not before he placed his hand on my thigh and rubbed it roughly against the light fabric of my dress. I immediately tensed, and started to think it had been a bad idea to let him help me. He drank the rest of his glass that was full of dark brown liquor, and pressed a little harder on my thigh. 
I was panicking. I couldn’t think and my heart started pounding in fear. I swallowed my trepidation and tried to pull away, but his hand remained on my leg.
“Well, thanks again, but I better be going back to my party.”
“That’s your party over there? Not too many chaperones is there? Busy. You should be careful about who you meet. You’re pretty enough to be the one that someone wants to take advantage of,” he said calmly, but menacingly. I shivered at his words and pulled away even harder. 
“Please don’t touch me ever again, you pervert!” I say forcefully and pulled as hard as I could to get away from him. I was able to get away, but not without the fear of what happened weighing heavily on me.
I was walking back towards the ballroom when I saw a familiar brown haired boy in a shirt he used to wear all the time at school. Mark was leaning against the wall talking extremely close with someone in the back corner.
I could tell he wanted to be hidden, but I slipped against the wall to get a better sight of him. Mark was kind of a scrawny guy, and I could tell the other person was much bigger than him. The next thing I saw was something that surprised me. He was pushed back against the wall by a muscular man, wearing the uniform of the restaurant’s waiters. He grabbed Mark’s face and then starting kissing him forcefully. And Mark let him! 
What the hell? I thought, unable to stop watching. Mark never tried to pull away from him in those few minutes that I stared at them, shocked.
How the hell did I miss that? You’d think I’d have better gaydar! I thought, while I searched for Seth. He was letting Toni Ann grind her little ass against him, and seemed to be enjoying it, but I had to talk to him. I grabbed his arm and pulled him back towards the bathrooms.
“Guess what I just saw!?” I asked him when we were in the hallway. 
“I don’t know, but it better be good, because I almost had Toni’s tight ass ready to go,” he said to me. I rolled my eyes at him and made a gagging sound. I proceeded to tell him what I saw Mark doing, but I did not, however, expect Seth to crack up laughing.
“What are you laughing for? I just saw the guy I’ve been making out with for the past couple years going at it with a GUY!” He continued to laugh at me, and it took him a minute before he calmed down enough to get out a coherent sentence. 
“Oh Pussy Cat, in those two years has he ever tried to have sex with you?” I shook my head, knowing he never pressured me once. I always thought he was being a gentleman. “Well there you go, sweetie. No guy our age would have you humping him in your room, and not even try to make a move. Hell, even I get hard around you sometimes! And you’re my best friend, practically a sister!” Someone walked past us and went into the bathroom, so I waited to respond until we were alone again.
“Ew Seth, I didn’t need to know that. You could have told me you know! I wasted all that time…” I lost my train of thought, because I was putting the pieces together. How could I have missed all of that? Seth chuckled and patted my head. 
“Right, I’ll let you go over what you missed. I’m going to get that girl ready for me to take her in the bathroom. I’ll see you out there.” He turned and left for the ballroom. I went to the water fountain to get a drink of water, realizing that I left my drink at the bar. I didn’t know in that moment, that I would regret turning my back to a hallway for the rest of my life. I heard a door open, and before I could even register what was happening, I was grabbed from behind. 
An arm wrapped around my stomach, and the other pushed my shoulder towards the back exit. I should have taken those two seconds, when he didn’t have his hand around my mouth, to scream, but I was completely shocked. When I finally did open my mouth to scream, his hand was there in an instant, squelching my desperate cry. I started to wiggle myself, in hopes of getting him to let me go. I kicked him from behind. I squirmed. I cried. I clawed. I tried to punch. I tried to run and bite. But nothing was successful in getting out of his grasp. 
He had effectively taken me to the darkest part of the alley behind the restaurant, without a flinch from my fists. He took me to the place where a piece of my soul would soon die. He had let me squirm, kick, and try to get out of his grasp on purpose, I realized. It was a game to him, like a cat and a mouse. Play with the food until it is too weary to fight any longer, and then devour it whole so there is no life left inside of them. I was the prey.
He turned me around, and I immediately recognized the man at the bar. He told me to be careful, and I wasn’t. I was stupid. I practically walked into his trap. There was nothing charming about his features as I looked at him then. He wore a look of pure hatred. His brown eyes screamed evil, and I knew then that I wasn’t going to make it out alive. 
He wrapped his hand around my throat, and pushed my dress up to my neck.
“You make a noise, and I won’t let you get out of this alive. No one is coming for you, sweetheart,” he growled in my ear. He shoved my back against the brick wall. I could feel my bare skin scraping against the brick and blood trickling down my bruised back. 
He won’t let me live either way, I thought.
He kept a firm grip at my throat, and I could feel myself suffocating. My vision was blurry, but I could still feel every disgusting thing that he did. He ripped off the panties that I had on, like they were nothing. Those things didn’t protect me from anything that night. They were barely an obstacle for that beast of a man. No… Monster… that thing was not a man; he was a monster. 
“I have a knife in my pocket, so when I take my hand off your throat, you better remember that I have no problem killing you before I fuck you,” he sneered at me as if I was the vile one. He removed his hand, and I couldn’t make a sound because my voice had grown too hoarse. He smirked at my failed attempt, and then grabbed my arms with one of his hands to pin them above my head. His other hand undid the buckle on his pants.
 I’m going to throw up! I thought. That unmistakable sound of his zipper would haunt me for the rest of my life, because following that sound was the start of the real pain. He pulled himself out of his pants and situated himself in front of me. First he grabbed my breast so hard, that I knew it would bruise, and then he grabbed himself. 
He then led his unwelcome appendage into me, and I tried my hardest to scream out from the pain. There was nothing more discouraging than having the opportunity to scream, but being too hoarse to make a sound. I felt myself rip open as soon as he shoved himself inside me. My scream wasn’t loud enough. 
He was right. No one was going to come for me. I could feel my innocence break the further he went into me. The agony and sorrow that plagued me forced tears to stream down my face. He was so rough with me. He was an animal. His nostrils widened with each push, and I could see spit foaming at his mouth from breathing so roughly. 
No words could ever describe the minutes that passed while he assaulted me. There were tears from me, and animalistic sounds from him, but there was so much more than that. There was the sound and burn of him tearing my insides apart; I could feel it throughout my body. There was the drowning sound of death as it beckoned me to let go. There was the scraping of skin against the wall. There was the sound and feel of blood running down my back and in between my legs. There was the sound of a belt buckle clanging from his attack on me. There was the sound of his revolting skin hitting mine. There was the feel of vomit rising to my throat. The blood running through my veins sounded like crushing waves in my ears. The most shattering sound to hear while standing helplessly, was the pounding of my heart that beat in terror, suffocation, and brokenness. 
He grunted loudly, and pulled out abruptly. I was going to pass out any minute, I couldn’t handle the pain. My blood and his semen dripped between my legs, and even though he was done, I knew I still wasn’t safe. He was going to keep torturing me until death finally took me. 
“You’re a fucking tease. You disgusting bitch!” He spit on me, and I continued to cry. “You did this to yourself,” he growled at me. He put his hand back at my throat before moving me away from the wall.
He grabbed my hair and shoved me to the ground and continued his assault on me, shoving himself into me roughly again. He kept his hand on my throat to constrict my breathing. I threw up as he ripped me open again, and the lack of air and the throw up made me choke. He was going to kill me while he raped me. The look in his eyes, the brown eyes turning black with murderous rage, will haunt my dreams. I was going to die. I was losing focus, and I was seconds away from slipping away from the world forever. 
He was so focused on ruining me that he didn’t see my avenging angel come out of the back door. The look on his face screamed vengeance, and I felt a glimpse of relief knowing that I could be saved. 
 
Chapter 14
March Three years earlier
I had never gone into detail about all of the feelings that I felt that day. 
There was the immediate scare of being attacked from behind, the actual rape, the relief I felt when Seth came to save me, and the sickness I felt from being defiled. I talked to my counselor for two years, but I still never talked about it. Seth knew what he saw, but he never pressured me for more details. It would have broken Daddy’s and Dad’s hearts if told them. So, I kept my disgusting story to myself, and didn’t think it needed to be shared. Why bring more grief to this world?
I wasn’t going to tell Blake either, until I saw the look on his face. We had never told each other that we loved each other, but I knew when he looked at me that there was something fierce formulating between us. I could feel the anger radiating from his body, I could feel his desire to protect wrap its arms around me, and I could feel him pleading for me to open up and let him love me. So, I decided to let him in. 
I will always wonder if it had been the right choice to explain to him about what happened to me that night, but I think that it ultimately would have come out. I explained every thought, detail, and feeling to him, while we laid in my childhood bed holding hands. I didn’t cry for the life I lost that night, but I did feel the overwhelming relief from talking about every detail of what happened. I felt his hand tighten, saw veins start to protrude in his neck from clenching his jaw so hard, and saw him share the emotions I was feeling while I recounted my story.
“What happened to him?” he ground out when I finally fell silent.
“Seth beat the shit out of him, but I didn’t find out about that until later, because the last thing I remember before I passed out, was Seth throwing him off of me and throwing up again. There was no denying the DNA evidence on me, and the fact that Seth had witnessed it, so he went to jail. He was guilty of first degree rape, and sentenced to twenty years to life.” It was a relief to know he would be put away for that long, but it would never take back what happened to me. 
Blake let out a jagged sigh, and then sat up on the bed. He pulled his knees in and put his hands in his hair. There wasn’t much hair to play with, but he managed to make it messy anyway. He looked at me, and I saw so much sadness in his eyes. That wasn’t what I wanted. I wanted us to be able to connect better because I was able to unveil my whole being to him. I wanted him to understand, not hold back from me. Even Seth held back from me, though he would never admit it. I didn’t want Blake to be that kind of person too. I didn’t want to be looked at as a delicate doll who couldn’t handle being touched. 
“Look, Blake, I didn’t tell you so you could pity me. I told you because I feel unbelievably comfortable with you, and I feel like there is something different about our relationship. I don’t want you to look at me differently now. I went through my period of grief, and I don’t need to be treated like I can’t handle you. I don’t want to be the girl you are too gentle with because I went through a traumatic experience. I don’t want you to hold back, I want something real. If you can’t do that, then I just made a huge mistake telling you,” I said, sadness washing over me. 
Blake took in what I had to say, and waited a minute before he said anything in return. He untangled himself, and faced me. He was so serious, and I really had no idea what he was going to say next.
“Jo, I… I can’t stand the thought of someone using any kind of force to hurt you in any way. It’s killing me that someone as amazing as you had something that terrible happen to you. More important, it’s killing me that I don’t have a chance to kill that man with my bare fucking hands! Don’t mistake my sadness for not wanting you Josie, because you couldn’t be more wrong. I love how strong you are. I love how you’re living your life without letting that monster keep his hold on you. I’m sad for the fact you had something taken away from you that you can’t get back. Please don’t blame me for knowing you deserve so much better than that.” He grabs my face and places his forehead against mine, and breathes heavily.
“I’m not sad that you told me. I won’t let it change us. You have full control of us, baby, and if you’re okay with me touching you the way I like to, then I won’t hold back. You deserve the best, and I plan on giving it to you. I love you, Josie Lynn, more now than I ever thought could be possible. I will always make sure every touch you feel from me is the realest and best thing you have ever experienced,” he promises ardently. He moved his hand down my neck and I shivered. I couldn’t believe he just told me he loved me. My heart felt like it was begging to come out of my chest and connect with his. I wanted to speak, but I was too focused on his hand on me.
“Does this feel real, Jo?” he asked in a whisper before putting his lips to the side of my mouth.  He continued to trace my neck with one hand and gripped the side of my hip with his other. “Don’t mistake my self-control for not wanting to fuck you Josie, because that couldn’t be further from the truth.” He hovered his lips over mine, and I could feel desire radiating in the energy in that one centimeter that separated us. 
“I love you, Blake,” I whisper back to him so he would know exactly how I felt. My lips grazed his while I spoke, making me gasp from the shock that resulted. My breathing was rapid, and I could hear and feel his heavy breath combining with mine. When he kissed me I felt like he was trying to show me how he couldn’t live without my lips pressed against his. I loved that he made me feel like he lived and breathed for that kiss, like his life depended on it. Both of us were pouring every feeling that we possessed for each other in that kiss. Our tongues were slow dancing to the music our souls were singing. 
He laid me back gently onto the bed, while he continued to tell me how much he loved me with his lips. My hands alternated from resting on his face and in his hair. I wanted to make sure he knew how much he meant to me, how much it meant that I could confide in him, and how much I loved him for still wanting me. He moved his hands from my face, and traced them down my side until they reached the bottom of my pajama top. He slipped his hands underneath, and rubbed his thumbs over my rib cage. The sensation that his touch gave me was overwhelming, and I started shaking with anticipation. He pulled away from me and I could see lust and need calling to me in those dark brown eyes. 
“I want to show you how much I love you, Josie. Let me show you,” he said softly to me. 
“Yes,” I whispered back to him. I needed him to show me. I needed him to show me that he still wanted me, knowing that I had been ruined by someone else. I needed to feel him touch me with pure passion and not trepidation from fear of hurting me. He moaned lightly before he dipped his head to my stomach. 
His hands raised my top so he could trail kisses easily across my stomach. When he got to my ribs he sat back up and pulled me to him. He kissed me briefly, and then pulled my top up so he could take it off. I didn’t have anything on underneath, so I was fully exposed to this beautiful man. The look on his face told me how much he loved what he saw, which made me want him even more. His hand reached behind my head and pulled the hair tie out of my hair. My curly hair sprang free, and cascaded down to the middle of my back. I heard him suck in a sharp breath, and enjoyed watching him get harder in his basketball shorts. 
“Words can’t describe how stunning you look right now. A goddess has nothing on your beauty, Josie,” he said softly before pulling me towards him so he could get his mouth on me again. 
His words meant more than he could ever understand. I reached my hands under his shirt and felt his stomach muscles tighten under my touch. It was like touching fire when I touched him, and I loved how my body scorched against him. I tugged at his shirt until he pulled away and took it off. Our breaths became even more ragged, as we stared at each other. We both came together at full force, and didn’t hold back the passion due to fear or restraint. We fell back down on the bed, and I relished in the feel of his bare chest heaving against mine. I couldn’t stop moving my hands over him, and I think he felt the same about me. 
His tongue moved from my mouth to my neck. I turned away so he could get better access, and I whimpered as he teased me with his tongue and lips. I knew I should be embarrassed by how I was reacting to him, but I couldn’t control the feelings he aroused in me. He moved down my clavicle and slid his teeth across the bone. I shivered underneath of him, goose bumps spreading across my legs and arms. My breasts were heavy with desire, and my nipples were taut with need for him to pull them into his mouth. He cupped both breasts in each of his hands, and while one hand focused on the hardened nipple on my left breast, the other hand held my right breast in place so he could trace it with his tongue. When he finally pulled me into his mouth, I moaned loudly. Subconsciously, I was relieved that we were on the other side of the house, so my parents didn’t have to hear us. 
I heard him moan in return and push his hips into my core. He bit on me hard, and I loved it more than I thought I ever would. His beautiful brown eyes looked to me to make sure that he wasn’t being too rough with me, and I replied by arching my back and chest back up to his mouth. He did it again, and didn’t hold back after that. That little bit of pain did something to me that I didn’t think was possible. I could feel myself throbbing with desire. He continued to do the same on my other breast, sucking hard then biting it, then soothing it with his tongue.
“Oh my god, Blake,” I moaned as he pleased me. I lifted my hips up, searching for something to help with the pressure that was building.
“Jo, you’re going to make me come before I even get inside of you if you keep making those sexy little noises,” he groaned against my body. 
He moved his hands to my pajama pants, and started to pull them down my legs. I knew my panties were soaked with my wet excitement, and I couldn’t wait for him to feel what he was doing to me. When he finally placed his fingers over my panties, he closed his eyes, and I saw his chest heaving as he felt my need for him against his hands. 
“These need to come off,” he said hoarsely, tugging on my pretty pink panties. We slipped them off, and he stared at me unabashedly, loving every inch of me. He moved his eyes to mine, and he kept them on me as he moved himself between my legs. He lowered his head, and kissed the top of my mound tenderly. He moved his mouth lower and he kept his eyes on me. He dipped his tongue in between my folds, and licked the length of me. He put his hands on my thighs and held my legs apart so I could feel every single thing he did to me. I closed my eyes and fell back against my pillows as he stuck a finger inside of me and kept massaging my clit with his tongue. I was mewling like a cat as he kept up the pattern of licking, sucking, pushing his fingers in and out, and rubbing the stubble on his face against me. 
“I can’t hold it any longer Blake,” I moan to him.
“Don’t hold it baby, I need to taste you,” he murmured against me. 
I let myself go after he said that, and could feel myself building to the orgasm that he had been working me towards.
“Look at me, Jo. I need to see you lose your control,” he demanded.
I stared into the deep depths of his brown eyes, giving him my soul in that one look. We both expressed what it meant to us in those seconds before I exploded against his mouth. I trembled, and I had a hard time keeping my focus on him as I was spiraling out of control. He licked enthusiastically at my come, turning me on again from watching him. He gently kissed my mound again before sliding up to me. 
“I love watching you come apart underneath of me,” he said softly, before I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him to me. I could taste myself in his mouth and it made me even more excited. I kept grinding my hips against his as we kissed, and I knew I needed him inside of me. There still was a part of me that needed more.
“I need you inside me, Blake. I can’t take it any longer,” I said to him forcefully. 
“Mmmm, Jo. You are so fucking sexy,” he said, breathing heavily. He leaned back to pull off his shorts, but I moved his hand so I could take them off instead. I slipped my hand under his boxers and felt how bad he wanted me. I tugged them off and got the chance to stare at this god of a man sitting before me. His body glistened with a thin layer of sweat from our heated moment, making me drool over him even more. His defined muscles on display before me was a sight that I felt lucky to have, and my mouth started salivating as I looked at his big hard cock in front of me. I felt like my lower body was trying to call him over to me.
“I don’t know how I got so lucky, but I am really glad you chose to fall in love with me,” I said to him with a smirk. He smiled back at me before leaning me back down on the bed. He put his hands in my hair and aligned his body evenly on mine. We were both breathing heavily as we felt each other’s heart beating off of each other. I could feel him begging for entrance, but he laid there with me, watching and placing small kisses on my face. I was about to start begging him when he bolted up. I was shocked that he could move away in that moment, and I was a little hurt. He leaned down, kissed me quickly, and smiled at me.
“Just need to get a condom first, love,” he explained. Oh, duh!
“Um, I’m on birth control, and I’ve been checked for diseases. I’m clean, I’ve only been with one other person besides…” I trailed off knowing I didn’t need to explain for him to know who I was talking about. “Anyway, he and I used a condom and I still got checked out again. I’m good,” I should’ve just shut up. Feeling embarrassed, I refused to look at him. I felt like I ruined the moment. He grabbed my chin gently and forced me to look at him.
“I’ve never done it without one, but if it’s something you’re ok with, then I would love that. I get checked in my physicals anyway, and I’m good too.” He leaned back down and looked at me. “I love you so much, Josie. If you’re sure, then I would love to be inside of you with no barriers.” He didn’t move as he waited for my answer.
“Yes. I want that,” I told him. I ran my hands up his chest and he kissed me again. There was nothing holding us back, and we both were filled with raw passion in those moments before he entered me. His brown eyes never left mine as he put his hand on my pussy. He rubbed me, making sure I was well lubricated, before he led his cock inside of me. It was as if the world stopped when he finally put himself in me. We both held our breath for a minute before he finally pushed himself the rest of the way in, causing us both to moan in pleasure. I finally felt whole.
“Oh god, Jo. You feel so amazing,” he said roughly to me. He cradled my head in his hands, and I wrapped my arms and legs around him. When he started moving inside of me, I couldn’t believe how exhilarating it was. I couldn’t stop voicing my ecstasy to him. I was in heaven as he rocked in and out of me. Every moan, groan, and whisper of my name from Blake turned me on even more.
“Oh… Blake…,” I said breathily.
The way he moved his hips against me was probably illegal in certain places around the world. I had never felt so amazing, ever. I was so close. I watched his face shimmer with sweat from the work he was doing to me. He watched my every facial expression with rapt attention. Every emotion he felt for me was displayed vividly in the way he made love to me.
“Josie, oh god… you feel so good...,” he moaned. 
“I’m going to come, Blake,” I gasp and tighten my legs around him. I clawed at his back as he bucked harder against me. 
“Eyes open, love,” he said roughly. I opened them, and the look in his face as he watched me, sent me over the brink. I yelled out in pure delirium, feeling my insides clench around him as I let go. He ate up my cries with his mouth, and moaned with me. I could feel him going faster against me, and then his rhythm started to get choppy as he started to reach his point of bliss. 
“Oh god… ah Josie… you feel so good,” he gasped, shuddering against me. I loved every fucking second of watching him let himself go. I watched as he closed his eyes and leaned his head against mine. We breathed each other in as we tried to calm down. He kissed me softly, and grabbed my face lovingly. 
“You are so perfect, love,” he said to me softly. He rolled off of me, and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me into his chest. “You amaze me, Josie. You have me bewitched.” The honesty in his words sent a bolt of pleasure through me. I had never felt more content than in that moment, laying in Blake’s arms. 
“I love you, Blake,” I whispered to him.
“I love you, Josie,” he whispered back. 
 
Chapter 15
 
The rest of the week flew by in a similar fashion. 
We expressed in many different ways just how much we loved each other, and every night he held me in his arms whispering his secrets, wishes, and stories of life. I whispered back to him about all of my fears, dreams, and fantasies. He would sit with me for hours and listen to me talk about the books I read or was reading, smiling and asking questions at all the right moments. Every cuddle, whispered secret, and stolen kiss made me fall in love with him even more.
We all visited George the next day, and he seemed to be recovering well. He looked the same as I have always known him, but the fragility of being in the hospital bed with monitors hooked to him, was evident. He joked around with Blake and me, and it made me feel better knowing that the accident didn’t take away his fun personality. 
The doctor said that he would have to relinquish a lot more control of the farm to other workers. He needed to relax more, and not participate in any extraneous labor work on the farm. He was furious, but there was no denying that he would have to submit to the doctor’s orders, because there was no way he would intentionally put Gayle and Seth through that again.
I didn’t see Seth much the rest of the week, but I really didn’t miss him either. I know that sounds terrible, but I was so captivated by Blake and spending time with my dads that I didn’t feel the need to have him be there with me all week. He was busy helping out his dad anyway, so I knew that he wouldn’t have time for me. When Seth first saw Blake and me after the night we declared our love for each other, I could tell that he knew. He wouldn’t look at me while we were in the hospital room, but when we were alone in the hallway, he finally said something to me. 
“You love him?” he asked softly while looking at the ground. He looked back up at me and I was surprised to see sadness in his blue green eyes. “You fell in love with him, didn’t you? And you told him everything.” He knew it was a fact as he said it, and maybe he was hoping I would deny it, but I couldn’t. I don’t know how he knew. I didn’t know if Blake and I seemed closer or if I slipped out an “I love you” too loudly, but Seth knew.
“Yes. I love him. And yes, he knows everything. I told him everything, and he still told me he loves me.” 
“There’s nothing not to love about you, Josie” he said tenderly, embracing me quickly. 
“I’m happy you’re happy, Pussy Cat. I’m gonna be helping out my dad, so I’ll see you back at school next week. I love you,” he told me, clearly ready to end the conversation.
“Thanks Seth. I love you too. Let me know if you need anything.” He smiled at me, and mussed up my hair before turning and going back to his dad’s hospital room. 
My dads seemed to like Blake more each day that they spent together. Blake seemed to really get along with Daddy. They played chess, Scrabble and talked about architecture for hours. I didn’t mind, because it gave me more time to work on the car and spend time with Dad. 
About midweek, Dad started asking more questions about Blake, which I took as a good sign.
“So you seem to be very taken by this boy. Is he being good to you?” he asked me seriously. I gave him a big smile to reassure him
“Yes, Dad. I didn’t think I would be able to connect with any guy the way I have with him. I told him everything.” He seemed a little shocked by my admission.
“Everything?” he asked speculatively. 
“Yeah,” I said, knowing that it was a big deal. “Every single thing. I haven’t been able to talk to anyone like that, but there is just something about him. He makes me feel safe and loved at the same time.” 
“Yeah, well…. If that boy hurts you, I won’t go easy on him. I promise you that, baby girl!” We went back to work on the car, but I couldn’t help smiling at his proclamation. He did like him.
Every night, I made Blake watch the next movie in the Harry Potter series. He started to get hooked on them, and I swear I saw him tear up when Sirius died (or vanished! Worst part ever!). Of course when I called him out for it, he just attacked me by tickling me all over. He was serious when he said he wasn’t finished with me. My sides were killing me from laughing so hard. He made it worse (or better) by holding me down on the bed and giving me wet slobbery kisses all over my face, while I tried my hardest to stop him.
Towards the end of the week while Daddy and I were cooking, Daddy decided it was his turn to give the “dad talk” about boys. Only his was a little different than Dad’s.
“Do you love that boy, Josie Bean?” he demanded of me while I chopped an onion. I looked over at him and grinned.
“I love him so much, Daddy. He really is the perfect guy for me. I spend so much time laughing with him. I don’t know… I just feel like he is exactly what I needed in my life, past and present.” I shrugged and went back to chopping. 
“Well good, because if you didn’t, I was sure to fall in love with him soon,” he said, smiling and winking at me. “He really is a good man, Josie. I can see how much he loves you with a single look. It’s how I used to look at your dad when we first fell in love. He looks at you like he can’t live without you. Like it would be taking away his very breath if you were away. He breathes you in with every hug and kiss. That’s not easy to come by, baby girl.” I knew exactly what he meant, because I felt the same way about Blake.
“I feel the same way about him,” I said. He smiled at me, and I knew he was happy that I had found someone who could make me feel happy, safe, and loved. He came up next to me and leaned against the counter. 
“And by the way, you might want to be a little more quiet during your nightly rendezvous,” he said quietly. I immediately reddened at his comment, but he continued, “Your Dad has about had a heart attack from wanting to go in there and kill him every night this week,” he said, chuckling quietly.  
“Oh my god, Daddy! I cannot believe you guys heard us! I swear I thought we were far enough away from you guys.” I would’ve put my head in my hands to hide from the embarrassment that I felt if I didn’t have onion juice all over them. 
“Yeah well, I can handle your dad, but you might want to make it easier by keeping the volume down some.” He laughed, and went back to his cooking. 
That night Seth and I made love as quietly as we could, but he still had to cover my mouth with his every time he gave me an orgasm. I felt like it made the moment even more intimate, and I wouldn’t trade those moments for anything.
On the last night at my house, Blake and I watched the very last Harry Potter movie. That one had always been a hard one for me, because it wasn’t just the end of a movie, it was the end of an era for me. I cried every time I watched it. Blake was leaning on his knees as he watched the end. I glanced at him and could see that he really was interested in what had happened. When it ended, and I had tears in my eyes, he looked over at me and gave me a sad smile. He just shook his head.
“I just don’t understand why they had to kill off all those people. I really liked that werewolf and that twin. They were kind of like a family to Harry, and they just killed them off! I don’t get it,” he said to me. He really did look frustrated about the ending. 
“I guess not everything has a perfect happy ending,” I shrugged and told him. “I mean Harry had his best friends still, and the love of his life, but not without a lot of trouble getting in the way. Life’s not perfect, and I think that’s why they made it that way. The road to happiness has to have its bumps.” He seemed to contemplate what I had said. Then he shook his head.
“Nah, I just think they’re cruel!” He smiled at me, and then tackled me back on the bed. “Thanks for making me watch those movies with you. I really didn’t think I would like them that much.” He nuzzled my ear and neck, placing soft kisses under my jaw. “I love you so much, Josie. This past week has been perfection for me.” He leaned up so he could look at me, smiled, and continued, “I love my Ma, but spending time with your family really showed me what a family should be like.” 
“I love you too, Blake. I never thought I could feel this way. I’ve never been this happy,” I reached up and cupped his cheek in my hand, wanting to savor that moment of contentment with him. Where we were free to laugh and be happy without any problems. 
He let me take control that night, and I grinded on top of him. I loved watching his face as I moved against him, knowing that it was me who was making him pant and moan my name. Eventually he took over, and rocked into me, showing me exactly what he could do when he was in control. I was grateful for the chance to be in control for a short time, but I liked it so much better when he worked his hips against mine. He came at the same time as I did, and I loved how in sync we were together. We just worked. 
The thing was, though, that there is never just a happily ever after without bumps in the road along the way. Blake and I didn’t realize that it would be so soon that our bubble of bliss would pop, and we would have to get over mountains if we were ever going to have a happy ending. 
 
Chapter 16
 
We drove to Blake’s mom’s house the following day. 
I gave my dads a big hug, and thanked them for such a great week. Blake gave them each a hug before we left, and I felt much better going back to school knowing that they both approved of him. We still had almost another week before the break ended, so we planned on staying with his mom. It was my turn to be nervous. She was the most important woman in his life, and I wanted to make sure that I was accepted by her. 
His mom lived in the opposite direction of the school, so it was about a two hour drive before we got there. We held hands, and sang random songs on the radio together. He would tickle my side every time I put my bare feet on his dash board, and left foot prints in the window. He would say I was ruining his “baby,” but the laugh he had every time he caught me didn’t sound like he cared. 
When we pulled up to his mom’s house, I was shocked at how beautiful it was. It was a huge white house with a wraparound porch and rusty red shutters. It was beautiful, and I couldn’t wait to see the inside.
“She wants me to add onto the house when I start up my business,” Blake said to me when he saw me gaping at the house. I turned to him, shocked.
“Really? It’s perfect! I love that porch! I could just imagine the books I could read all day sitting on there.” I smiled, and he chuckled before taking my hand and walking to the door. I took a deep breath, and he squeezed my hand once before he opened the door.
“Ma! We’re here,” he yelled out into the large home. It was really beautiful inside. It was decorated with antique looking furniture and beautiful knickknacks, but it felt lonely inside. Such a big home with no kids or family around had to feel lonely. 
An older woman who looked about an inch shorter than me, came walking towards us. She had dark brown hair with grey highlights in it and stunning blue eyes. She was a little overweight, but she looked so beautiful that it didn’t even matter. I thought she looked amazing, and I immediately felt welcome seeing her huge smile directed towards us.
“Oh Blake! I’m so glad you’re home!” She pulled him down so she could wrap him up in her arms. She pulled back, and I saw tears welling in her eyes. She looked over to me, and grabbed my face.
“Well, now. Aren’t you just the prettiest girl I have ever laid eyes on? Goodness your skin is amazing! I wish I was able to tan like that!” I laughed at her candor. 
“I’m half Filipino, so I cheated,” I said smiling. Blake snaked his arm around my waist and pulled me to his side. His hand played with the bottom of my hair, thoroughly distracting me. 
“Ma, this is the girl I have fallen madly in love with. This is Josie. Josie, this is my Ma, Joyce” His mom just stared at me, and back at him. Maybe she was shocked that he announced that he love me? She shook her head, and I could tell she was trying not to cry. She patted Blake’s cheek.
“You did good, son. Come on you two, let’s go sit and talk.” She led us to the sitting area, and I almost felt like I shouldn’t sit on the furniture because it was all so beautiful. I was used to chilling out on some used furniture, but this set looked like it rarely was used. 
“Where’s Brandon?” Blake asked when we sat down.
“Oh you know him dear, couldn’t stay with his mother that long, so he took off a couple days ago. Said he was going to hang out with a friend back at the school.” She turned to me and her eyes landed on the ring on my right hand. “Ok, first thing’s first. Let me see that ring my son was telling me he was designing for you.” I smiled at Blake, and held out my hand so she could examine the exquisite ring he created for me. She examined it with a smile, and looked up at me. 
“Isn’t he just amazing?” she asked. “You must be somethin’ really special to him,” she said thoughtfully. She had a much more prominent twang that Blake did, and I loved listening to her talk. Blake hid his accent really well, but there were some moments that I would catch him using it, usually when he would get angry or when we were wrapped up in a passionate moment.
We sat and talked for a few minutes. She asked about my major, and she asked me questions about my life. She seemed to hang on to every word that I told her, and I enjoyed the conversation. She had just started asking Blake about how he was doing with the start of his business, when a beautiful, tall, long legged blonde came walking in.  She was stunning. Like, model stunning.
“I thought I heard your sexy voice, Blake, but I had to come out here to see for myself!” She said to him with a strong southern drawl. Blake gave me a smile before he got up and gave her a big hug. They must have known each other well, because that wasn’t the type of hug you just give to just anyone. I could feel a bit of jealousy sparking to life when I saw her touch my man. She finally spared me a glance, and walked over to me with her hand outstretched. 
“I’m Alice Cornwell, and you are?” she asked, emphasizing the ‘are’ as if I shouldn’t be sitting in this home. 
“I’m Josie Sommers. Blake’s girlfriend,” I replied sticking my hand in hers. I looked her straight in the eyes when I said it, because I didn’t want there to be any mistake about who he belonged to. I could see the challenge in her eyes, but she shook it off before anyone else could see. She gave me a big smile and turned to Blake.
“Now, how come I didn’t know you were dating somebody?” she said, playfully slapping his arm. The unneeded touch was definitely unnecessary and it made the anger and jealousy start swirling in my stomach. Blake came over to sit with me again, and Alice followed way too closely. 
“I’m sorry dear,” Joyce said quietly to me as Blake explained how we had met to Alice. She patted my knee and continued, “What did you say your last name was?”
“Um, it’s Sommers, why?” I was trying to focus on Alice and her wandering hands, but I knew I shouldn’t be rude to Blake’s mother either. It was just that her hand had made its way to his thigh, and my face heated with a rage I couldn’t let out in front of his mom.
“Oh, just Blake never mentioned it before. Thought I may have recognized that name,” she wondered aloud.
“Oh, well my dad owns an auto shop, and I used to help him out there all the time. Sommer’s Auto. Maybe you had to get your car fixed there?” I tried to explain, bringing my attention back to her. 
“Yes, dear. I think that’s exactly what it was. I remember my car broke down around where Blake said you’re from once.” Blake turned and creased his eyebrows. 
“I don’t remember that,” Blake said, finally pulling himself out of the bubble that he and Alice had made, and turning back towards me and his mom. My hand immediately went to his upper thigh and rubbed him in hopes to get rid of the foul touch from that witch.
“Oh that was some time ago, dear. You wouldn’t remember. Hmm isn’t that funny how we probably crossed paths at one point in your life before you two ever met,” she said, and seemed to be lost in thought after that. 
Blake placed his hand over mine as Alice started talking about something I didn’t care about. He leaned in closer to me, and placed his mouth next to my ear. His hot breath against my ear made me squirm in my seat. I tried to hold it together since I was still trying to pretend I cared about what Alice was saying, but as he spoke, I lost focus completely.
“You better have something planned for what you’re doing to me with your hand,” he said huskily. I turned to him slightly and smiled.
“I might… I might not,” I teased. I heard him groan softly before returning his mouth to my ear. 
“You be careful teasing me, love. I hold all your pleasure in my hands and mouth,” he teased back. Ugh, he was so sexy. When he said that and then licked the side of my neck, I couldn’t stop the moan from coming out of my mouth. I tried coughing to cover up my moan, and Blake laughed at me.
I turned my attention back to Alice, who was giving me an evil glare, but managed to still hold a conversation with Joyce. They were talking about some people that I didn’t know, so I sat back on the couch, continuing to rub Blake’s thigh. Joyce eventually interrupted Alice, and asked Blake to help her make some tea for everyone in the kitchen, leaving Alice and me alone.
“So…” I started, “How do you and Blake know each other?”
“Oh he didn’t tell you? Oh I am so surprised! We used to date back in high school. High school sweethearts and all.” She said it with a wistful look in her eyes, and I could tell she loved being the one to tell me. I looked into her pretty light blue eyes, and I couldn’t understand how he could go from her to me. And why had he told me he never dated, if he did date back in high school? 
“Hmmm…” It was the only thing I could come up with at the moment. I didn’t like her, and wanted the conversation to end immediately.  
“Oh don’t worry sweetheart, we broke up because he wasn’t faithful… you know how boys are!” she said in her disgusting southern voice, rolling her eyes. “We stayed friends ever since. Every time he comes home, we like to hang out with each other. I help his mom with the garden out back, so that’s why I come over.” I didn’t know whether to be relieved by the reason they broke up, or worried. I just nodded my head, and we sat there in silence for a few minutes before she took off back to where she came from. 
Joyce and Blake were taking a while, so I got up to go search for them. I was startled when I heard an unfamiliar sound. Blake and I had been dating for almost eight months, and I had never heard him yell. I heard him threaten any guy who touched me, but never yell. But on that day, I heard him yell for the first time, and I couldn’t believe what I had heard. I leaned against the wall and kept myself hidden from them.
“What the fuck, Ma!” he yelled at her.
“Do you not pay attention to anything?” I heard her ask in return, clearly baffled.
“No, I don’t fucking pay any attention to his goddamn life! This can’t be fucking happening!” I heard a thud, and I winced because I knew he must have hit something. I heard his mom say something softly to him, but I couldn’t make out what she was saying.
“What the fuck am I supposed to do now? I can’t…” he broke off, and I thought I may have heard a cry or sob come from him. But Blake was a strong man, he wouldn’t cry. I heard his mom try to comfort him, and I wanted to be the one to do it. I just didn’t think I’d be welcome. I couldn’t tell if he was murmuring or crying, and I felt useless. 
“He ruins fucking everything good in the world. Goddammit!” I heard another pounding sound, and winced again. I had never seen, or heard this part of him, and I didn’t know what to think of it. I heard him walking, or stomping, and I tried to turn back before he caught me snooping, but I wasn’t quick enough. The look on his face was pure rage when he saw me. 
“Did you hear that?” he demanded and pointed toward the room he just came out of. I flinched slightly at this unfamiliar person, and I shook my head.
“No… I… um… I just heard you yelling, but I didn’t hear what was wrong. I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to snoop,” I said to him. But of course, I did mean to snoop. I wanted to know what the hell could make this man who was so in control, spiral out of control. He walked up to me quickly, and grabbed my face gently. He laid his forehead against mine, and I felt his heavy breathing against my face.
“I love you, Josie. No matter what, just remember that I love you. Ok?” 
“Yes, Blake. I know you do. I love you too,” I reassured him. I wanted to kiss him and make everything okay, but he pulled back abruptly and nodded his head.
“Ok, good. Now where’s Alice?” he asked. 
I furrowed my brows in confusion, but pointed in the direction that Alice had gone. I was hurt when he immediately turned to leave. Was he going to confide in her instead of me?  I didn’t understand what was happening, but I didn’t have much time to reflect because Joyce came walking out of the room with tears streaking down her face. She saw me, wiped her face, and wrapped an arm around my shoulders, to lead me back towards her living room. 
“Seeing your child hurting will never get easier,” she said, shaking her head. She must have noticed my confusion, because she squeezed me tightly. “Don’t worry dear, we just are having some family issues right now. He’ll tell you when he’s ready,” she tried to reassure me. “You love my boy don’t you, Josie?” 
“Yes very much. I just want to make sure he’s okay,” I replied. 
“Good, good,” she mumbled as we took our seats on the couch. “Just remember that you love him. Just him. Okay, dear?” I nodded my head, because I wasn’t really sure what else to do. 
I was completely confused and hurt. Every fiber of my being told me that Blake shouldn’t be with Alice, but how was I going to stop him? We sat together on the sofa, lost in thought, until finally Blake came walking back in. Alice was right behind him, and it took all of my willpower to stay put. He knelt down in front of us, and I could still see the storm raging behind his brown eyes. They almost seemed black. 
“Ma, take care of Josie tonight. I don’t know when I’ll be back, but I need to leave for a little bit. I won’t be back later than tonight. Ok? Just watch some movies together or read a book or something.” I was shocked by his request. I didn’t understand what was going on, and I certainly didn’t understand why it looked like he was about to leave with the beautiful blonde and leave me behind. What scared me the most, was that his eyes wouldn’t look at me.
“Oh, Josie and I will be fine. You be careful, son,” Joyce answered for the two of us. But I didn’t think it was fine. It wasn’t fine at all. I was shaking my head and I know my face showed my confusion, but Blake ignored it and got back up. 
“Alright then, don’t wait up,” he said briskly before turning and walked out the front door, Alice in tow. 
I hurt. My heart hurt. My chest hurt. My throat hurt. My head hurt. I couldn’t focus on anything that night. Joyce tried her hardest to keep my mind off of what was going on. She made me help her cook in the kitchen, but I was too distracted by doubt that Blake would even be back for dinner. 
She made me sit and watch Footloose with her, because she said everyone had to see that movie at least once, and I had never seen it. I tried to read after we ate alone, but I couldn’t focus on what I was reading. So the only thing I could do was sit on a stranger’s couch and wait for the man I loved to finally come home to me. I replayed the scene from early over and over in my head, but nothing clicked. My anxiety got so bad at one point that I had to excuse myself to the bathroom in order to calm myself down. I told myself everything would be okay. He would explain what happened, and then we would be okay. I had to believe that we would be fine. 
Joyce received a couple of phone calls during the night, and excused herself from my company for a few minutes each time. I wish I had paid more attention to those phone calls, because it didn’t even cross my mind that Blake may have called her while my phone remained silent. 
“Okay, dear. I talked to Blake, and he said he wants you to take the guest room that’s down the hall. I can take you to it, if you want. I’m about to head to bed. I can’t stay up as late as I used to,” she said to me with a smile. He didn’t want me in his room. I felt like someone had stabbed a knife right in my chest. 
“You talked to him? What did he say? Where is he? Is he coming back?” I needed to know. I needed to know why he couldn’t talk to me, and why he went out with his ex. 
“Honey, he needs to work some things out on his own for right now. Yes he will be back tonight. I am sure of it. And yes, I did talk to him briefly. He’s safe, and he wanted to make sure you were okay. He told me to let you sleep in the guest room, since he won’t be home until later. Now, come on, I’ll show you to your room.” She started walking in the direction of the room, so I followed, not wanting to be rude. 
I had no intention of staying in there if he wasn’t there. I did not want to miss Blake coming home. Blake took his car, which had all my things in it anyway, so it wasn’t like I could get comfortable. She left me alone in there, and as soon as I heard her go upstairs, I went back into the living room.
When he finally did walk in the door, I realized it didn’t matter if I had been in that bed, because the whole house could have heard him. He was drunk, and that girl had her hands all over him, trying to keep him steady. 
“Oh my god,” I whispered. I had never seen him that drunk before, another shocking discovery that day. He must have heard me, because his fallen head shot up and looked right at me. I saw a swirl of emotion pass through his eyes: sadness, love, hatred, anger, but ultimately settled back to sadness. I gasped at how much he revealed in that one look, pain obstructing my throat. Alice said something about getting him some water, and dumped him in the chair opposite of me.
“You are supposed to be in bed, love,” he slurred in my direction.  
“I wanted to see you. Make sure you were okay. Are you? Are you okay?” I asked sitting up and leaning towards him. 
“No. I’m not okay, but seeing my beautiful girl sure does make me happier,” he said. I wasn’t sure if he meant me or Alice, but I didn’t want to entertain the idea that he meant her. I took a closer look at his face, and noticed dried blood on his lip and nose, and a black eye forming on his right eye. I let out a shocked gasp, and immediately went to sit in front of him.
“Blake! Oh my god! What happened?” I touched his face gently. He grabbed my hands and kissed them quickly before pushing me away from him. I loved that he touched me, but I didn’t love that pushed my hands away.
“You’re a fucking angel, Josie. I don’t deserve you. I don’t deserve for you to touch me,” he said roughly to me. 
“No, Blake, that’s not true. You-,” I started, but his strong voice cut me off.
“Don’t, Josie. Just don’t try to make me feel better right now. You don’t fucking know anything, so you can’t decide,” he said it forcefully, and I knew I needed to stop trying while he was like that. I learned that I didn’t really know Blake as well as I thought I did. “Go to bed, love. We’re getting up early and taking you back home tomorrow,” he said as he got up from his chair. 
I was shocked. Alice was standing in the entryway, waiting to take care of my man. I was angry. I was hurt. But most of all, I was fucking confused! 
“What do you mean I’m going home tomorrow?” I demanded at his back. 
“Just what it sounds like, Josie. You can’t stay here anymore,” he ground out, finality lacing every word. He didn’t even spare me a glance as he said it, just continued to walk towards Alice, who helped him up the stairs. I stayed grounded in my spot, waiting for Alice to come back down those stairs. She did eventually come down, and she headed to the door to leave, but I called out to her before she left.
“Is he okay? What happened?” I asked in hopes of getting a straight answer. She glanced up the stairs and then back at me. 
“Oh don’t you worry yourself, sweetheart. He just likes to work off his anger on other people’s faces sometimes. Actually, it is quite sexy to watch. He’ll tell you about it if he’s ready, I’m sure,” she smiled at me in a way that I think was meant to be reassuring, but was actually devious. I would have liked to take out my anger on her face. I didn’t trust her at all, and I really didn’t want Blake to be telling her things and not me. I had a headache, so I laid back down on the couch until I fell asleep. 
I was jostled awake, by the feeling of weightlessness. I felt hot lips on my neck, and heard a familiar masculine rumbling in my ears.
“I love you so much, Josie. I’m so sorry,” he whispered. He didn’t know that I had woken up, so I let him talk to me without fear of knowing that I could hear him. I heard a door creak open, and I was placed onto a comfortable mattress. Blake covered me with a blanket, and I felt him kneel in front of me. 
“I can’t lose you, Josie,” he started whispering again. “I just hope one day you’ll forgive me.” I felt a kiss on my head, cheeks, nose, and finally my mouth. He lingered there for a few moments, before getting up and walking out the door. I heard the door close and I was alone again. I drifted back to sleep a few seconds later. 
 
Chapter 17
Tuesday Present
Tuesday morning I wake up, and for the first time in a long time I feel relaxed and content.
 I notice that Blake must have moved us to my bedroom, because I am wrapped around him in my bed. He is sleeping peacefully, so I decide not to move, not wanting to wake him. 
Yesterday I decided I would give him the week to show me that he loved me and that things could work between us. He wants to make me fall back in love with him, but he doesn’t know, of course, that I have always known I am in love with him. 
My biggest wish is that we are successful in overcoming every betrayal and problem in our relationship.  I want to feel loved by him one last time just in case he decides he cannot take me back after what I did. It’s a precarious game, but it’s worth a try.
I see his eyelids flutter, making me smile. I used to love to watch him sleep, and that clearly hasn’t changed in a year. I feel his arm tighten around my body, and he brings me to him as a moan escapes his throat. I’m still naked, and he is in his basketball shorts and no shirt. His body heat against mine is electrifying. His eyes open all the way, and he kisses my nose, making me smile lightly at the affection.
“Good morning, love,” he says groggily. “And might I say, it is most definitely a good day because the woman of my dreams is wrapped around me,” he says with a smirk. I smile, loving his confidence, as he kisses the side of my mouth.
“Mmm, good morning to you,” I say quietly.  Being in this bed with him is almost surreal. He looks at me like I am the reason the world turns. No one has ever made me feel the way he does in one look or kiss. 
“You are so beautiful, Jo,” he says as he runs his hands through my tangled bed hair. I shake my head and let out a little huff. “You are. You have no idea just how beautiful you are. Every picture I look at doesn’t do you justice. Not when you look like you do right now.” He continues to run his hand through my hair, and the other one cups my cheek. I lean into his touch, loving the thrill it gives me to be loved again. 
“If I had known that that day would have been the last day I saw you, the last time I held you, I would have kept you in bed all day and never have left that morning,” he whispers to me. He leans in and starts placing kisses all over my face. “I would have shown you exactly how much I love you.  I never wanted to lose you, Jo. Please believe that.”
I know he wants to talk about everything that happened, but I am just not ready yet. If we talk about it, then it means I will have to confess too, and I can’t do that yet. I want to keep ourselves in this bubble before it has to burst again.
“I’m not ready yet, Blake. I can’t talk about it yet. We will, but for the next few days, let me just have you without all of the problems that are keeping us apart,” I plead.
He nods his head in understanding, and continues placing kisses all over me. He climbs on top of me to get better access. I laugh as his stubble tickles my face, and he starts to laugh with me. He rubs his face all over me until I am consumed with uncontrollable laughter. He starts tickling my sides while I am laughing, and I swear I can’t breathe. I hit and kick him, but he’s a hell of a lot stronger than me, so it doesn’t do any damage to him.
“Blake!” I yell. “I’ll give you anything, just stop tickling me!” He laughs at me and puts his finger to his mouth as if lost in thought.
“Hmmm, anything?” He asks with a mischievous grin. I nod at his question. “Okay, then I would love for you to go make me an omelet like you used to make.” I raise my eyebrows at his request, and start to laugh. 
“What?” he asks innocently, and then pats his stomach. “A man has to eat, and you make the best omelets.” 
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just assumed you would pick something else,” I say and shove his shoulder so I can get up. He stays right where he is. 
“I can, if that’s what you want, Josie,” he says, a little naughtily. His eyes turn heated, and I bite my lip to keep him from knowing how easily he can make my breathing unstable. He pulls my lip out from under the assault of my teeth. “Mmm… baby, don’t bite your pretty lip.” 
He leans down and licks the length of my bottom lip very gently, before pulling it into his mouth. I try to close my legs because the pressure is so intense and I need some friction, but Blake moves his body in between my legs so I can’t move them. I groan against his mouth, feel him smile. He moves his hand in between my legs and cups me, making me gasp.
“This what you need, love?” he asks me roughly. I nod my head. I know he sees me, but he pulls back and shakes his head. “No, no, no, pretty girl. I need to hear you say it.”
I shake my head at him. I can make him come to me. I will not give him the satisfaction. He smirks at my determination, and raises himself off of me. 
“Alright, Jo. But I will make it impossible for you to resist. That’s a fucking promise,” he says with a laugh. “Now go make me my omelet, wench!” he says, winking at me. I can’t help but feel like we have slipped right back to where we were. 
I pull on some clothes that I brought, and head downstairs to start breakfast for everyone. I want to see if I can get Dad to come downstairs today. I’m going back to my apartment tonight, so I want to make sure he will be okay before I leave. I hear Blake come up behind me, and smell his favorite cologne. He wraps an arm around my stomach, and I raise an arm to wrap around his neck, tugging on the little extra hair as he kisses my neck. 
“I like this little bit of extra hair,” I say to him as I tug it again. He moves his hand and tugs a strand of mine. 
“Keep that up, love, and I’ll have you begging for me within the next five minutes,” he says and then swats my butt. 
“I will never beg for you Blake Porter, I have too much pride,” I say over my shoulder with a smirk. I finish making three omelets, and place them on the table. I am about to go upstairs to get Dad, when Blake grabs my hand and pulls me into his lap. 
“You are the most gorgeous girl in the world. Do you know that? You have the most beautiful soul. Thank you so much for doing this for me,” he said emphatically. I feel a wave of sadness that he thinks I am such a good person. I know he will be disappointed. Instead of confronting the issue head-on though, I just nudge him and get off.
“It’s just an omelet, Blake. Geesh, you would think I bought you an island,” I retort with a chuckle. He gives me a small smile, but it’s clear he was hoping I would have said something different. I just can’t.
I run upstairs to find my Dad staring into space. I am hit again by our loss. I’ve had distractions these last couple of days, but he hasn’t had any. 
“Alright, Dad,” I say to him, opening the curtains. “It’s time to get out of bed. Go take a shower and meet me downstairs. We have a lot to do today.” He stays where he is. 
“I’m not ready, Josie,” he says, his voice thick with emotion.
“None of us are ready to move on,” I say, sitting on the edge of the bed and grabbing his hand. “But we have to start living again at some point. Daddy would not be okay with this and you know it. I’m not asking you to move on. I’m not asking that you act like you didn’t just suffer the biggest loss of your life, but I am asking that you get out of this goddamn bed and spend some time with your daughter before she has to leave tonight! If you don’t, then I am going to pour a bucket of water on you. Don’t think I won’t!” 
“Ugh…,” he grunts, but the hint of a smile means I got through to him a little. He leans in to give me a one armed hug, and I recoil. 
“Ew, take a shower first, please! You stink, and we have company,” I say rushing to the door, so I don’t have to hear him ask who the company is. I run back downstairs, and I stand at the bottom of the stairs to make sure that he gets up. Once I hear shuffling and the water running, I give myself a pat on the back and head back to the kitchen. 
“He’s in the shower,” I say with a triumphant smile. He smiles back at me, and I notice that he waited to eat until we all were there. That small gesture means more to me than he will ever know.
“You were always good with pep talks. Remember when you gave Dom that pep talk after his girlfriend broke up with him?” he laughs. I start laughing with him.
“He needed to get over it!” I defend myself.
“I think he did after you slapped him and told him to wake up and look around,” he said.
“Yeah well, it was practically a strip club, there was no reason for him to be moping about a girl who was a crazy bitch,” I say. I really did slap him that night. Everyone was shocked, but there was a room full of girls checking him out, and he was still hung up on a girl who had cheated on him months prior. 
Dad walks into the room while we are still laughing, and kisses the top of my head, barely sparing Blake a glance. He was really disappointed when Blake broke my heart, so I’m not sure how he will react to Blake being around this week.
“What are you doing here, son?” he asks in his deep voice. He is a pretty intimidating man, but Blake has always held his own around my dad.  
“Just trying to make things right, sir,” Blake says with so much conviction in his voice and eyes, that I know Daddy would be proud. My dad grumbles, and digs into his food. I grab Blake’s hand under the table, and we hold hands while we eat. I remember that first week we stayed together in this house, and how this was the place where we finally admitted our feelings for each other. Maybe that’s why it feels so good to be here with him, why it feels so easy go back to the way things were. 
I tell Dad to sit in the living room while I do the dishes, and before Blake goes out to join him, he pulls me in for a hug. 
“Do you mind hanging out with my dad and me today?” I ask him.
“There’s nothing I would love more. I just wanted you to know that I love you. Just in case your dad tries to kill me later on in the day,” he says with a smile and kisses the tip of my nose. It sends a chill all the way to my toes. I smile up at him, and go back to work on the dishes. 
I make a plan while I clean the dishes to make multiple dinners for Dad to eat for the week. I make a mental list of the recipes that I will make, and get started on finding the ingredients. 
As I move around the kitchen, I can’t help my mind from wandering to what tonight might be like. I will be going back to my apartment and getting ready for my third graders, but I will be doing so much more than that. I’ll be inviting Blake back to my apartment, a place where we learned how to be together without any interruptions from the outside world. It’s the place where we grew from a college couple, to a more mature couple. 
I know in my heart, that if I decide to let him walk through that door, everything that I have worked towards will be ruined, and it scares me. All the things I tried to do to forget him will be washed away. I don’t want to have to start all over when this sham attempt of a reconciliation fails. But if I don’t let him walk through my door, then I’ll never know what could have happened. I would rather risk another year of recuperation, than to never have the chance to make things work, regretting it the rest of my life. 
When I have the ingredients prepared, I walk into the living room to let them know what I am up to. I find them watching a Fast & Furious movie on TV. I always loved that Blake and my dads were able to bond easily, seemingly enjoying each other’s company. I stop before they see me, and eavesdrop on their conversation.
“So what are you going to do to fix this mess?” Dad asks Blake.
“I just want to show her how in love I am with her. I want to remind her how good we are together. Most of all, I want her to know how sorry I am that I lied to her,” Blake says quietly. I catch a glimpse of him tugging on his hair, a trait I know to mean he is upset. Upset that he hurt me.
“And why did you lie to her in the first place?” I can see the turmoil in Blake’s eyes as he looks at my dad. They both are broad men, and noticeably strong. They both display a controlling demeanor. They both wear sad expressions. 
“I didn’t want her to have to suffer anymore. I just wanted to provide her with a life of happiness, so she could forget everything. I didn’t want her to view me differently, because I loved her more than she could ever understand. But most of all, I was a fucking coward. I was selfish, and I wanted to keep her no matter how much it could hurt her,” Blake admits. 
The anguish in Blake’s face makes my chest ache and my throat tighten. It was selfish of him, but he is right when he says that I would be hurt more by the truth than without it. That’s why I always wondered why Daddy was so adamant about telling the truth. If it hurts the person you love, then is it really worth telling them? He always seemed to think it was, but I’ve struggled with that advice, knowing how it feels to be on the receiving end of that honesty. 
“Boy, you broke her heart doing that, but Will always told me that he understood what you were trying to do. He said if you ever came back, that I needed to give you another chance to prove yourself to Josie. Between Seth leaving her and your lies, she’s barely been living this past year. So, if you mean what you’re saying, then I hope you bring her happiness back.” 
This was the most I’ve heard my dad say in almost two weeks, and I am even more surprised that he is encouraging Blake. Daddy did always seem to have a soft spot for Blake, so I believe Dad when he says that Daddy tried to get him to give Blake another chance. He was always telling me the same thing too. He also was trying to get me to tell him my secret. 
“I will make things better. No matter what, I won’t give up on her and me,” I hear Blake say roughly. My Dad just nods his head, and they continue watching the movie. I walk in as they start discussing the cars in the film.
“Okay, Dad. I am about to make some dinners that you can heat up while I am gone. I had thought that we could watch some movies when I was done, but it looks like y’all have started without me,” I say, putting a hand on my hip in mock annoyance. He pulls my arm until I am at his level, and messes my hair. 
“You’re too good to me, baby girl. We’ll be here when you’re finished. But don’t worry about making too many dinners. I can cook for myself.”
“Oh yeah? I only recall Daddy making the food around here. He specifically demanded that you not cook in that kitchen.” He chuckles softly at the memory, and my heart swells seeing him with a little bit of life. 
 
Chapter 18
 
“Remember that one time I tried to make you that red velvet cake, because it’s your favorite?” Blake asks, startling me from the doorway as I layer a lasagna. 
Cooking together had been one of our favorite things to do when we moved into my apartment. His favorite look for me was just-fucked hair and only wearing one of his t-shirts while baking something delicious. He enjoyed the view and the food, and I enjoyed the rewards. I chuckle at the memory, and smile at him. 
“Yes! You were awful! When I walked into that kitchen that night, I swear I thought something had exploded in there.” It was such a mess, but I fell in love with him all over again once he turned around and I saw a confused look on his handsome face. 
*             *             *
“I just don’t get it,” he said to me. I tried my hardest to hide my smile.
“I should have bought the damn cake mix box at the store,” he grumbled, and turned back around to his cake batter. I looked around the kitchen and noticed that it was cocoa and flour that was clinging to every surface. I walked up to him and wrapped my arms around him. I placed my cheek against his back, and smiled knowing he couldn’t see it. I stick my finger into the mixing bowl that he had in front of him and brought it back to my mouth. 
“That’s not too bad, baby,” I said trying to console him, but still trying to hold in a laugh. “It just needs some more sugar to balance out the extra salt.” I felt him grab some sugar, and gradually add it to the bowl. I tasted it again, and it tasted much better. He turned around to face me, and smirked. I kept my arms wrapped around him and looked up at him, completely overwhelmed with the love I felt for him. 
“You think I don’t feel you laughing against me, love?” he said with an evil glint in his eyes. I shook my head and tried to get out of his arms, but his hold on me was too strong, He reached behind him, and scooped some of the batter into his hand.
I knew it was about to get messy, so I tried to wiggle free, but he just laughed a fake maniacal laugh and held me to him. He took the batter, and dripped it in the cleavage of my dress, then swiped some on my nose. Thus began our war of cake batter. Needless to say, the kitchen got even messier after that. 
He had let me go, and we both went to war with the batter. He separated it into two bowls, and we made a game out of who could get who messier. I tried to hide in the cabinet because I was small enough to fit in there, but he opened it up and threw the contents of his bowl at me. He won, I was trapped. 
I surrendered, and raised my arms as he lifted my dress over my head. When we were naked and covered in the sugary goodness, he stalked up to me and licked from my belly button up to my neck.
“Never thought you could taste any better,” he said into my neck. He lifted me up on the counter, and licked the batter clean from my thighs, and into the folds in between them. He licked me clean, and by the time he was done, I was panting with excitement. It didn’t take long for me to cry out in pure pleasure when he unleashed his tongue on me. 
Once I calmed down from my orgasm, I hopped off the counter, and pushed him against it, so I could take him in my mouth. He tasted so good, but he didn’t let me stay down there long. Blake picked me up, and set me back down on the counter before pushing his big hard cock inside of me. I arched my back, and my head fell back as he pounded into me. 
It was sticky. It was sweet. It was hard and shameless passion. He tugged on the hair that fell down my back, and it was the trigger that made my insides clench around him and come. He came inside of me with a moan of my name, and we stayed like that for a minute before we did anything else. It was amazing. Perfect. Blissful. He licked the batter against my ear and laughed.
“Josie and red velvet cake… mmmmm… my new favorite.” 
*             *             *
I laugh as I remember the fun we had in that mess. I bump my hip against his.
“You were so frustrated when I walked in! It was so freaking cute!” 
“That was the hardest thing I ever had to make,” he says acting exasperated. 
“It wasn’t that bad. It was a good thing you didn’t put the red food coloring in yet, because I found batter all over for days!  It would have stained my beautiful kitchen,” I say raising my eyebrows at him. 
“Yeah, but it was a lot of fun. It always turns me on to watch you in the kitchen. I was just trying to make your favorite cake, and I fucked it up,” he says shaking his head.
“I thought it was sweet. And incredibly sexy,” I say with a smirk. 
“I am only buying boxed cake from now on, though” he declares. My heart beats a little harder at the thought of him planning cake making in the future with me. I can’t stop the butterflies that form in my stomach.
By the time night falls, we have watched four of the movies in the Fast & Furious series, and are thoroughly worn out from sitting on our butts the whole day. We ordered pizza earlier, and sat on the floor in front of the coffee table, our favorite spot to eat. Blake gave me the crusts to his pizza, knowing it’s my favorite part of the pizza. It wasn’t that he just gave me the crusts, it’s that he did it without even thinking, that made it obvious that we are still good together. 
I’m still unsure about how we are going to proceed with the rest of the night. I’m about to leave, and I have no idea if I should invite him over, or ask him to give me a little more time before I let him into the place we once considered our home. 
I walk up to Blake, who is leaning his ever so sexy body against the railing on the stairs. He smiles at me, and I can’t catch my breath for a moment. It’s amazing how a small smile can comfort me and turn me on in the same moment. He holds out his arm for me to walk into his embrace.
“Every time I see you, I feel like I lose all sense of what is going on in the world. You take my breath away, Josie,” he says as he leans in and smells my hair. I just laugh and shove his shoulder. 
“Whatever, Blake,” I say rolling my eyes. He grabs the hand I used to shove him, and pulls me until I am against him. 
“Don’t you dare think that I’m lying, Josie,” he says. I can see his eyes become more determined and darker as he tries to convince me. “I have not been the same since I met you. Since the first day I saw you, when those books fell from your hands and I saw how pissed you were at that guy, I just knew you were going to change my world. And you have. I feel like I am the luckiest guy in the fucking world to even get a smile from you. And to have you touch me? I feel like I can’t breathe. It’s not a joke to me, so don’t downplay what I feel.”
“You make me feel the same way, Blake,” I say quietly after he is finishes his rant. It saddens and thrills me to know he thinks about me that way. I’m sad thinking about how he feels for me, knowing that I did something he would hate me for. He puts his hand under my chin, and lifts my face so that I can see the sadness in his eyes clearly.
“I will never forget the way you looked at me that day a year ago. I will never forget the disgust and anger in your eyes. It killed a piece of my soul to know I disappointed, angered, and revolted you in a matter of minutes. I will live every day of my life trying to get that image out of my head. So, to hear you say that I could make you feel something other than those things, is the best thing next to hearing you tell me you loved me for the first time.”
Not giving me an opportunity to tell him that I do still love him, he kisses me. His tongue slips into my mouth, and my breathing gets shallow. He angles my head so he has better access to my mouth, and I open up for more. I trace my tongue against his and then across his bottom lip before pulling it between my teeth. He moans into my mouth, and I press myself harder against him, wanting more. 
I want him to know exactly what he does to me, so I put so much emotion into this kiss. We tell each other with our mouths how much that day devastated us. I rub my hands over his hard body, and can feel his chest heaving with need, like mine. I push my hips into the part of his jeans where his hard cock is making an appearance, and kiss him even harder. I feel so hot, and I want to rip off both of our clothes so we can be together again. 
He starts to slow down his movements against my mouth and my hips, by placing gentle kisses against my lips. His eyes stay closed as he runs his hands through my hair and traces his hand down my back. He leans his head against mine, and takes a deep breath before he finally speaks. I have a sinking feeling he is about to deny my need of satisfaction for my throbbing sweet spot.
“Jo, I want you so bad. Words cannot even describe how bad I want to be inside of you and make you completely mine again. But-,”
And there it is people, I think.
“I think that we should just hold off for a little bit,” he continues.
I pull back from him. I am hurt, but I don’t really want him to know that I am hurt. We were just teasing each other this morning about making each other beg, and the fact that he isn’t even trying to sleep with me really hurts my ego. 
Maybe I don’t have the same appeal as I used to, I think to myself. 
“Hey,” Blake says, pulling me out of my sink into darkness. “I want more than anything to show you exactly what you do to me, because being able to kiss you like that is driving me fucking wild. It’s just, I want to make sure we’re okay before we jump into that again,” he says. I know what he is thinking. I know that if we jump into bed together, then we can forget all about our real issues without resolving them. But I don’t want to talk about it yet. 
“I get it, Blake. We’ll talk about it all soon,” I say and give him a chaste kiss before hearing my dad call for me upstairs. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Jo,” Blake says giving me one last kiss before walking towards the door. 
“When?” I ask. 
“You’ll know, love. Sweet dreams.” He gives me his most charming smile, crooked tooth and all, and walks out the door. I stand in the same spot for a moment trying to think of what he might have planned for tomorrow. I can’t think of anything, so I walk upstairs to my Dad’s room.
He’s sitting on his bed with an old box in his lap. It is mahogany and square, with some beautiful detail engraved into the wood. I swallow a knot that’s forming in my throat from the obvious sadness that has filled the air. Dad has his head hung, and his shoulders slouched. I walk closer to the bed, and see tears streaming down his face when he looks at me. 
“I have something I need to tell you, Jose. It’s extremely important, and I need you to keep an open mind as I tell you. Do you understand?” I can feel my chest constricting in fear of what he needs to tell me. 
“Yes,” I say hesitantly. He nods, and pats the bed telling me to sit down. Once I’m situated, he takes a deep breath.
“Your Daddy and I were very much in love, Josie. Please do not forget that. He was such a good man, and I will love him every second until I die. He supported my dreams of owning my own business, and he was always there to hold me and comfort me. He always said I was the ‘man’ in the relationship, but I always knew that he was the better man. The way he loved me every day of our lives together shows exactly how good of a man he was. He was always much better at showing me, than I was. 
“When I first met him, when his friend had referred him to the shop I was working at, I was captivated by his eyes. They were so gorgeous, not just your typical brown eyes… It was the little things like an accidental touch when I was trying to show him exactly what was wrong with his car, and the glances we would secretly give each other when no one else was looking. It took me a hell of a lot longer to fix his car than it should have, because I wanted him to keep coming back and talk to me.” I smile at his admission, and he smiles back at me. He takes my hand in his, and continues his story.
“I knew he was different. What I felt was different. I had always struggled with my sexuality because my parents never thought it was right. But, when I held his hand for the first time behind that shop, I just knew in my soul that regardless of what anyone thought, he was the one for me. After a couple years of dating, your biological mother agreed to give us a child. We were so happy to be given such a precious gift, and we cherished you as soon as your mother had you. When she gave us full rights, we felt complete. We were happy. I was learning everything I had to in order to start my business, and your Daddy loved being home and taking care of you. 
“He loved you so much. You were an angel to him. He always knew you would turn out to be an amazing woman, and you have. You are so strong, and I am so grateful that you had him as your Daddy, because you get all your good traits from him,” he says, and I roll my eyes. 
“You contributed to my childhood too, Dad. You are both great parents.”
“He was better. So much better… every year, on the anniversary of our commitment ceremony, your father and I wrote a letter to each other. Every year we wrote down all of our feelings, thoughts, and ideas. We told each other how much we loved each other, but we never read them. We put it away in this box so that if something ever happened to one of us, we would know exactly how the other felt. Nothing would be left unsaid, because we would always have those words. I never thought I would be the one to read his letters,” his voice cracks at the end of his sentence and a sob escapes his mouth. Tears are streaming down both our faces. It’s beautiful, thoughtful, romantic, and so heartbreakingly devastating. It takes him a couple minutes before he calms down enough to speak again. 
“I haven’t been able to read the rest of the letters, but I was able to read the letter from this past February,” he says, his voice hoarse from the raw emotions he is feeling. “He didn’t go into too much detail about what has been going on with you this past year, but he thought it was important for me to know that you were going through something even worse than what Blake had put you through. 
“You know how much he loved Blake. He was disappointed in him, but he always told me he understood, and that we needed to hear him out and give him another chance. He told me you had your own secret, but didn’t tell me what it was. He did tell me that it was important for me to tell you about something that happened between me and him years ago. He said it would help you make a decision that may be really hard for you. He didn’t tell you this earlier, because he knew it was my story to share with you.”
I try to prepare myself for what he is about to tell me. It must be important if Daddy wrote it in a letter meant to express his love for my dad. I can’t think of anything that would make my secret any easier to tell, so I wait patiently for Dad to start talking. He lets out a long sigh before he starts talking again.
“When you were about four years old, I cheated on Will,” he says, not meeting my eyes. Shock doesn’t even begin to describe what I feel after hearing his confession. I can’t even formulate a response, so I just sit there, drumming my fingers on my knee.
“I won’t make any excuses that will in any way make up for what I did to him. We were going through a really rough period in our life. I was trying to establish a business, and I was getting increasingly frustrated that I couldn’t get a loan for my own building. I had you and Will to take care of, and I think that the pressure started to eat away at me. I went out at night, telling Will that I was trying to figure out some business stuff. He knew I was lying, but he always just told me he loved me, and let me go. I would drink at the local bar, and I would come home drunk. There was no way he missed that, but he was always there for me when I got back. 
“One time when I was out, a guy came up to the seat next to me, and started talking to me. It felt good to be able to talk about my life without having to try to act strong. I didn’t have to feel embarrassed that sometimes I hated having to be the one to take care of the family. I won’t give you any more details, but he was the one I slept with. It was the one time, but that one time was all it took for me to feel sick and disgusted with myself,” he pauses for a moment, in order to gather his thoughts. I feel a little sick, and am glad he won’t be giving me any more details. I still don’t understand why this will help my decision to come clean about what I have been going through, though.
“What happened?” I ask quietly.
“Well, Will and I started to get more distant. I felt so guilty, I could barely look at him. It was hard because I could see how much he loved me every time he kissed me goodbye, and every time he put dinner on the table. I stopped going out to the bar to drink, but I still distanced myself at home. One night, we were in bed, and I asked him if he would rather be blissfully unaware of the truth or secrets from someone you cared about or to know the truth. He took a few minutes to think about it, and turned over to me and told me seriously, ‘I would want to know the truth…And I will tell you why. I would want to know, because there is no way to fix or improve any relationship without the truth. There would always be some kind of block holding back a better future.’ So I asked him if he felt that way even if it meant hurting the person you loved immensely, and he said that he still would want to know.
“I think he knew I was going to tell him something bad as soon as he saw me crying. I broke down and told him everything while he laid there listening. He listened as I told him about all my fears, my cheating, and the disgust I felt for myself. When I was finished, he couldn’t look at me. He told me he respected that I told him, but he couldn’t be near me. He slept in your room for two weeks. I always left the bed open for him and slept on the couch, but I don’t think he could bear to be in a place that signified our love and commitment to each other.
“The reason he wanted me to tell you that, is because he thought you should know that he needed to hear me tell him what I did to him. He came to me when he was ready, and we worked on our relationship. We became stronger and even more committed after that. It was hard, Josie. I knew there was a big chance I could lose him forever, but he was right. There would never have been any way for us to ever be truly happy if I hadn’t told him the truth.” 
I take a moment to mull over what he’s been trying to convey to me. I’ve always known that Blake deserved to know what happened, but I don’t see how telling him something that could make him hate me would help our relationship. 
“Daddy told me that he thinks that you need to tell Blake something important, and that you need to trust that love can overcome some obstacles,” he says still trying to convince me. I close my eyes, and sigh.
“Some things are just too big to get over, Dad. Daddy wants me to be prepared to let him go, and I don’t want that. I don’t want to see the look on his face when I tell him. He’ll know that I’m not a good person. I had my reasons for what I did, Dad, but it won’t matter to him,” I try to explain.
“I understand, baby girl. I really do. I knew I could lose your Daddy, but I also knew I would lose him if I kept my distance from him too. You’ve had a year to recover, now it’s up to you to determine if that’s enough time for you to tell him. Don’t you wish he would have told you what he was keeping from you, instead of someone else? If it had come from him, and a hell of a lot sooner, don’t you think it would have been a little easier to forgive him? Instead, his lying for three years ruined your trust and love.”
He’s right. There are so many times that I’ve thought that I could be over what he did to me, if I had known a lot sooner. I may have found a way to cope with what happened, but he had no intention of telling me and that was the problem. There’s no point in wondering, because he didn’t. He decided to break my heart instead. 
I’m going to break his heart too. I need to tell him. I can’t avoid it forever. My parents gave me hope tonight. If I can forgive Blake for what he did to me, then he may not hate me at the end of the week. 
 
Chapter 19
June 3 years earlier
Three months went by, and I could feel the distance widening between Blake and me. 
He was there with me throughout the rest of the school year, but he wasn’t really there. The kisses were chaste, and the time spent with each other, more limited. I didn’t know how much longer I could stay in a relationship that seemed to have stalled.
When I woke up the next morning in Blake’s mother’s house, I wasn’t sure how I had gotten into a bed. What I did know, what was blatantly obvious to me, was that there was no one else in the bed with me. Blake wasn’t sleeping with me for the first night in over a week. It was a clear indicator as to where our relationship was heading. I assumed Blake was the one to leave the extra pair of clothes for me on the desk in the room, but I didn’t know when he had done that. I was apprehensive to walk out that door, because I remembered that Blake said that we were going back home in the morning. 
I was still confused by the sudden change in behavior from Blake, and wasn’t looking forward to dealing with it again anytime soon, so I took my time getting ready. I couldn’t stay in that room forever, so eventually I walked out and faced the situation head on. When I walked to the kitchen, I saw Blake leaning against the counter with his head hung. He seemed so lost in his thoughts, so I decided not to say anything. My lack of grace, however, meant that I made way too much noise sitting in the chair, so my attempt to be quiet was futile. Blake looked up, and his beautiful coke brown eyes looked at me with an expression I had never seen.
“We have to go,” Blake said quietly to me. I looked at his face, noticing that his bruises looked even worse than he did the night before. 
What the hell did he get himself into? I wondered. 
“Why can’t we stay, Blake? I don’t understand what happened. Where did you go last night?”
“It was a mistake bringing you here, Josie. I have too many family issues for you to be here. I’m taking you back to your parents,” he said firmly. 
There was no arguing with him, he made his choice. I was so hurt, but I walked to his car anyway and prepared myself to go home. Blake hopped in the car after a short, seemingly tense, conversation with his mom at the front door. She waved to me and gave me a small, sad smile before we pulled away from her house.
“Take me back to the dorm,” I said to him, looking out the car window. I didn’t know this Blake. He was a stranger, and I couldn’t even look at him. I felt him look at me, but nothing he could say would make me change my mind. After the amazing week in our bubble of bliss, I was not about to go to my parents’ and let them see me hurt the next day. 
“Jo-,” he started, but I gave him a hard look that stopped him from continuing what he was going to say.
“No, Blake. You don’t get to try to convince me where I need to go. You’re kicking me out. I get it, but I get to choose where to go. You may have the power to kick me out of your mom’s house, but I have the power over my life. I am in control of that, so take me back to the fucking dorms.” I said defiantly. He looked angry, and stared back at the road. His jaw ticked as he clenched it, and I hated that it made him look even more handsome. 
“Thought you might like some more time with your parents,” he finally said. He wasn’t happy with me either, but I didn’t care.
“I’d rather be alone when I think about how my boyfriend doesn’t want me around his family, and how he wants to hang out with some other girl instead of me. I’d rather not have to explain to my parents how much of an asshole you turned out to be.” I was being a bitch, but I was hurt and angry. He sighed and shook his head, but didn’t say anything back to me. We drove the rest of the way to the school in silence. Both of us brewing in anger. 
When he pulled up to my building, I wasn’t expecting him to get out and help me carry my bags up to my room, but I let him because I really had no desire to carry those heavy bags. Also, I sort of hoped he would hurt himself on the way up to the dorm. I sent out hopes that he would fall down the stairs, but apparently the universe wasn’t aligned with me, because he carried them all with ease and no pain. 
I guess I didn’t send out enough energy; I need to work on that, I thought. I was about to walk into my room, when he grabbed me and pulled me to him. He kissed the top of my head and I heard him breathe me in. I closed my eyes and savored his closeness while I still had it.
“I’m sorry, Josie. I just can’t talk about the problems my family has. I’m not trying to be an asshole, but I just don’t want you around their issues,” he said softly, rubbing my back. 
“Shouldn’t it be my decision to make?” I asked into his chest.
“It’s not one I’m willing to let you make. I’m just not ready to talk about it, and I am not ready for you to be thrust into that yet.” He pulled back and placed his hands on the sides of my face. “I love you more than I thought I could love anyone. I won’t risk losing you because you think you know how to handle my family. You can’t. It’ll all blow over soon, and you won’t even have to worry about it anymore.” 
My anxiety grew as he dropped his hands, making me feel cold instantly. It felt like a jab at me, but he said it well enough to make it not seem too malicious. It didn’t help the pain I felt when I heard it, though.
“What about Alice? Why did you leave with her?” I demanded.
“Alice is an old friend, and she knows some of my issues and how to help me calm down. It wasn’t meant to hurt you-,” 
“That’s the problem Blake! Why does she get to help you, and I don’t? That should be my job as your girlfriend, not an ex!” I pulled away from him and raised my voice. He seemed a little surprised when I revealed that I knew she was an ex, but he hid it quickly. His face turned blank, and I knew that I lost him. He was done talking, and I would be left to my thoughts for the rest of the week.
“Ok, Josie. Think what you want, but I don’t want you around them, and I won’t explain why I want that or why Alice could help me and not you. I’ll see you when I get back,” he said apathetically, and turned around to leave. 
The rest of that week was miserable. I sat in my room, and looked at the ceiling. I felt ridiculous, feeling upset over a guy. Brooke had come in once, and seemed shocked to see me. She said she had been staying with a friend for a few days, and was just getting some more clothes. She could tell I wanted to be alone, so she gave me a big hug and kiss before she left me to continue my wallowing in peace.
On the second night of being alone, I was reading a sad book, when I got a text from Blake. He had been silent for a couple days, so I was shocked and angry when I finally got a text from him. It was extremely late, or extremely early depending on how you rank 2:47 am. 
Blake: You are so fucking beyutiful. I miss you so much.
Me: Are you drunk? 
Blake: Maybeeee… just out, wishing I had my girl with me. 
Me: You could have… but you didn’t want me
It took about ten minutes before I got a reply. Just imagine the constant phone checking, tapping of a foot, and wondering about what the hell he could be doing, and you will have a clear picture of how those ten minutes were spent. 
Blake: I yub you. 
I rolled my eyes. He must be out of his damn mind, I thought. 
Me: Are you okay? You’re not driving are you?
Blake: Nahhh… Alice took my keys. She told me to stay at her place
The anger inside of me grew to a level I had never experienced, at the mention of her name and the possibility of staying with her. How could he think that would be okay with me? I hated her. And I really disliked him. 
Me: Blake, do you need me to get you? 
Blake: noooo… she’s taking care of me 
Me: Right… She’ll take care of you. You don’t need me to help. That’s fine, Blake. Have fun. 
I slammed my phone on the bedside table, and could feel the pressure of anxiety building its way within me again. I wanted to be strong enough to turn off my phone and not care about what he did and who he was doing them with, but I wasn’t strong. I was scared shitless that I just lost him to another girl. I waited another hour, hoping to get a response that held an apology, but nothing came. 
I should have bought some vodka before I came back, I thought to myself before settling for a Xanax that the doctor had prescribed me to help control the nightmares of my attacker.  
The weekend went by, and I read five books. I was glad I had bought a bundle of books while I was back home, because those four days before school started would have been even more awful if I hadn’t. Brooke came back to the room on Sunday, and that was when I found out that Blake was back and didn’t think it was important for me to know. She was hanging out with Brandon at their house, and Blake had come in with a black eye, and swollen lip. The worst part was that he returned two days ago. 
“Want to know a secret?” she said to me while we were lying in bed that night. I turned so I could face her and nodded.
“Yeah. Duh,” I said, smiling.
“I was with Brandon most of spring break,” she said to me with a huge smile. She was excited and giddy as she told me. “He left his mom’s house so he could spend the week with me.”
“Why didn’t you stay with your parents?” I asked. I only met them once and though they seemed flighty and distant, I didn’t know them well enough to understand. She never really talked about them, and I let her keep her secrets, because I still had mine. 
“Um… well they didn’t really want me there. They planned a cruise, and took the rest of the family. I didn’t want to sit in their house by myself,” she said timidly.
“What? Why? Why weren’t you invited?” I asked, shocked. She may have never really talked about her family, but I always assumed that they were still on good terms.
“Hmmm… that’s hard to explain. I guess I just don’t fit in with them. They are an extremely smart family. My dad’s a doctor. My mom’s a surgeon. My brother’s a scientist who is researching the cure for cancer. I’m just a dumb blonde who wants to be an elementary school teacher,” she shrugged as if it really wasn’t that big of a deal, but to me it was. 
“You’re not dumb, Brooke. I’m going to be an elementary school teacher, too. I don’t think I’m dumb, and neither do my parents.”
“You’re parents are different, Jos. They love you completely. They wanted you. I was an accident,” she said sounding sad. I think that was the first time we were ever completely honest with each other. She knew about my family, and she knew that I had been raped, but she didn’t know anything more than that. I loved her as a person, but we never felt the need to divulge into any more secrets. I was finally rethinking that concept. I decided that I would actually let her be a friend, instead of keeping up the walls I built after a piece of my soul had died. 
“Blake kicked me out of his mom’s house. Said I didn’t belong there, and I have only gotten one set of drunk texts from him since I’ve been back,” I admitted to her softly. She gasped when I told her, and I could see the shock in her eyes.
“Blake? The same Blake who treats you like a goddamn princess?” I smile a little at her description of Blake. 
“Yeah, apparently his family has too many issues, and get this. He has this ex-girlfriend who is like model looking, and they’re friends, but I don’t think she wants to be his friend. He keeps telling me that she can help him get through his family issues, and not me. What the hell is up with that?”
“Is her name Alice?” she asked. It was my turn to be a little shocked. 
“Yeah, how did you know?”
“Brandon had mentioned her this past week. He was telling me about his family, and said that she was always over their house. That she and Blake used to date. He said she’s so annoying, but the family puts up with her because her dad owns some underground gym where they like to work out. I guess they practice fighting in there.”
That might explain the bruises, but I didn’t understand why he wouldn’t tell me that he was just working out. I completely understood working out your aggression, anger, and depression. Seth and I still took self-defense classes, so I wouldn’t have to be a victim again. My personal favorite moves were the ones where we do damage to a man’s private parts. Seth always got nervous when we paired up to practice, because I loved that part a little too much. 
We talked about her spring break for the rest of the night. She told me about how Brandon had attempted to make her dinner, but burnt the chicken. They had to order Chinese food, but they loved that just as much. I could tell the week spent with him had made her really happy, and I was glad one of us had a successful spring break.
We had started new classes for the new semester, and I didn’t know if I would have Seth or Blake in any of my classes. I found out Monday, that I didn’t. I kept an eye out while I walked around, in hopes that I would see him, but I never did. Seth called me later and told me he missed having a class with me, and would meet up with me the following day to hang out.
Tuesday morning came, the day Blake and I usually got coffee together, and knowing the chances of seeing Blake were slim, I dressed in sweat pants and a Twilight t-shirt. I wore my hair in a messy bun, had my reading glasses, and no make-up, as I looked over a Children’s Psychology assignment at the coffee shop. It was because of this focus on my assignment, that I didn’t notice the air around me thicken. I didn’t notice the broad shadow that was now surrounding me. I didn’t notice anything until I felt the jolt of sensation that I always felt when Blake touched me. 
I looked up into the sexy beautiful brown eyes of the man I fell hopelessly in love with, and although I was happy to see him, I was also burdened with sadness. I swallowed back the pain that had been building in my throat, and raised an eyebrow at him snarkily. 
“So, he decides to grace me with his presence today. Why, kind sir, what could I have done to deserve such an honor?” 
“Well, milady,” he starts with a half-smile, and bows before taking the seat next to me, “I do believe you are the fairest maiden in this place. It’s only right that a brave knight like me, would request the presence of the most beautiful woman alive.” I rolled my eyes at him, and pretended to return to my homework. In reality, I was still savoring the feel of his strong hand on my shoulder when he had touched me. 
A strand of hair escaped the messy mop on the top of my head, and I felt Blake take his hand and slide it behind my ear, painstakingly slowly. It was a sensual and honest gesture, and even though it might sound silly, it made me feel better. I closed my eyes as his masculine hand brushed my ear and as one of his long fingers traced my jaw. 
“You really are the most beautiful woman in the world, Josie,” he said softly to me, his voice thick with emotion. I scoffed at him, because I knew I was a hot mess that day, but he looked at me like he really believed what he said. It made my insides warm with a mixture of happiness and love. 
“I love it when you wear these,” he said, touching my reading glasses. His beautiful luscious lips curve slowly into a smile, captivating me. He had only seen me wear my reading glasses a couple of times, but it felt amazing to hear him say that he liked them on me. 
“Blake,” I started, trying to pull myself away from the sweet seduction into which he was enticing me. “What’s happening? What are we doing? Do you feel differently about me now? Are you trying to get back together with Alice? Did your mom not like me? I don’t understand what’s happening.” 
“You know, I love it when you’re confused or worried, because you always ask a ton of questions at once. It’s so cute,” he said to me. He paused for a moment before speaking again. “I love you more than I should, Jo. I’m not ready to talk about what’s happening with my family, and I really hope that you can respect that. I am in no way interested in Alice, and my Ma loved you... I just need some time,” he said trailing his hand down my arm. 
“What about the drinking and the bruises?” 
“Just stress, love. I need you to know I love you, and no matter what happens, I always will. I am going to be busy with finals, and starting the business, so these next few months are going to make me a little scattered. Just bear with me okay?” 
I didn’t really feel relieved, and I could tell there was a lot more to the situation than stress. However, I did understand the need for some privacy. I just hoped that in the process of letting him keep his thoughts to himself that I didn’t lose him. 
 
Chapter 20
 
I did lose him after that. 
It was as if I was reaching for the warmth and love that he had teased me with, but I couldn’t get ahold of it. I kept snatching, but my hands always came back empty. Three months went by with me yearning for the relationship we had started over spring break, but it never happened. Even before we had told each other our feelings and had slept with each other, we were more affectionate than we were in those three months. 
Blake was still a good boyfriend. He said all the right things to me: I was pretty, smart, beautiful, he loved me. Blah, Blah, Blah. It didn’t mean anything because I always knew he was distracted. He wasn’t lying when he said he needed time to focus on his finals and on starting his business, but I could tell he wasn’t being completely honest either. He seemed scared. It was as if leaving my parent’s house flipped a switch in him that left me undesirable to him.
He never went into much detail about the business. I knew some of the details… that he secured a building, hired workers, and campaigned for clients, but he didn’t go into much detail. It was another way for him to shut me out, and as the weeks went by, I could see he was shutting me out for a reason. He didn’t want to be with me anymore, but he was waiting until he graduated to break up with me. I would have ended it, but each week I hoped that maybe something would change. 
We hadn’t had sex since spring break, and I was really running out of ways to seduce him. Every time that we would start to get heated, he would jump up and say he had a study group to get to or he needed to call some contractors. Blake would study with me and he would let me kiss him, but I could tell he was holding back. It wasn’t brazen passion anymore. He was cautious. 
There were a couple of times that he would help me get off, but he never took it farther than that. I was always left wanting more, and never felt satiated. I had to rely on my vibrator more than ever, because small short kisses weren’t enough. 
The weekends became increasingly lonely. Seth was busy booking photo shoots, Brooke was busy with Brandon, and I was alone because Blake always went back home on the weekends. He would come back looking tired and with new bruises painted against his perfect skin. 
A couple weeks before Blake’s graduation, Blake got mad at me, making it the last time I talked to him before he graduated. Things were tenser between us, and it was clear where things were headed. 
We were in his room, and I was sitting cross legged in the middle of his bed reading a book. He was at his desk going through some business contracts, and he was wearing a grey tank top. I could see the start of a bruise on his shoulder. I gasped when I saw it, and moved to get a closer look at it. I gently touched it, and I closed my eyes as sadness clouded over me.  
“Blake,” I whispered. 
“It’s nothing, Jo. Get back to your book,” he said brusquely, and pulled away from my touch. 
“It’s not nothing! Every goddamn week there is something new! What the hell are you doing when you go home? Why can’t you let me in just one tiny bit? You think I don’t understand what it feels like to need to escape? I can help!” I said raising my voice slightly in an effort to show my exasperation at his behavior. He whipped his head around and glared at me. 
“You don’t know anything, Josie. You have no clue what I’m going through,” he said through clenched teeth. I didn’t really like this side of him, but I wasn’t going to stand there and let him continue being an asshole. 
“I don’t have a clue because you won’t let me in! You keep pushing me away! If you don’t want to be with me, then tell me!” I yelled. 
“It’s not about that, Josie,” he spat at me, and stood up so I could see the anger on his face. “It’s about the fact that you aren’t letting me have any space. I asked you two months ago to let it go, and respect the fact that I didn’t want to talk. But you haven’t done that!” 
I narrowed my eyes at him, and walked up to him. I put maybe a centimeter between us, and I looked up at him. He may have been over a foot taller than me, but I gathered all the strength I had to prove to him I was in no way weak. 
“I have given you plenty of space. But if it’s space you want so bad, then I can make it even more permanent,” I said to him in a low, dark voice. I was sick of his distance. I was twenty one years old, and I could find someone who wanted to pay attention to me. I may never feel the connection with them like I did with Blake, but I knew I could be in a better situation than I was in then. “I don’t need to deal with your bullshit mixed signals, Blake. So, I’ll go.”
What I didn’t expect in that moment was for Blake to close the space between us, grab the back of my head, and pull me in for a hard kiss. He kissed me like a dying man starving for one last moment of substance. Maybe we both were exactly like that. Both of us starving for that one kiss. The problem was, however, that it couldn’t erase the hurt I felt. We bruised each other’s lips, tugging and sucking roughly. 
“You are so fucking sexy when you get fired up, Jo,” he said, pulling away and licking the side of my neck. He was sexy all the time. His hot wet tongue against me made me feel sexy. 
Sexy. Sex. I want sex. This man is sexy, and I want sex with him. As my mind replayed caveman-like thoughts, I worked hard to be strong enough to not give in to him. All those times I wanted him and he warded off my advances, that was what I needed to remember. But then his hand that wasn’t holding me to him, moved down my back and cupped my ass. As he kneaded me in his hand, I could feel my resolve weakening. I could feel how much he wanted me, and there was no denying that I wanted him too.
He led me to the bed, climbed over top of me. His firm hand traveled down my front until it rested on the button of my shorts. He took a break from my mouth, and looked at me. His eyes were dark brown with desire, and I got lost in that dark look of lust.
Maybe I can give myself one last moment before I leave, I tried to reason with myself. I give him a slight nod, and he dips his hand inside my shorts and underwear. I was already wet for him, and I noticed him close his eyes and breathe out roughly as he felt how much I wanted him. I closed my eyes shortly after him, when he sank one finger inside of me. 
He started fucking me with his fingers, and I couldn’t help but let him make me feel good. He pushed up my shirt with his other hand and dipped his tongue into the curve of my stomach. He moved his body so he could gain better access to my chest, and pulled down my bra. When his mouth wrapped around my swollen neglected nipple, I moaned loudly, and moved my hips faster against his hand. 
He moaned just as loudly when he felt my reaction to him. My insides were in dire need of filling, and only he could fulfill that for me. My clit thumped with need, making me practically beg for him. He knew what my reaction meant, but he still held back from me. It made me angrier with him, because he knew I never wanted him to hold back on me. I soon forgot what I was thinking when he tugged my shorts down a little more, and started moving his tongue against my aching sweet spot. 
“Oh Josie, you always taste so fucking good,” he said, licking me. After a few quick flicks of his tongue, I could feel the pressure mounting, and felt like I was jumping of a mountain. The free fall into oblivion was incredible, and I could tell Blake loved watching me because his movements grew quicker, and his hands clutched my thighs tightly so I would stay against his mouth. 
He looked up at me, and I saw the longing and hunger he felt clearly. I still needed him. I needed to feel him move inside me. But I also saw the man who was angry with me not twenty minutes earlier, and the person who had been distancing himself from me for months. I grabbed his face and pulled him to me. I kissed him so hard, he couldn’t help but want me. 
My tongue tasted his, and I loved the sweet taste of myself on his breath. He groaned as I bit his lip, and pushed him so I was on top of him. I trailed my hands under his shirt as I licked his neck. I gradually made my way down to his shorts, and slipped my hand under the band. I grabbed his big cock in my hand, loving how hard he was in my soft hands. I could feel him throbbing with need. I pulled him out of his shorts and took my time stroking him.
“Oh…. Josie,” he moaned. 
I saw some pre-come come out of the tip of his dick, and I bent my head so I could lick it up eagerly. He let out an even louder moan, and I smiled knowing that I made him react like that. I licked the length of his shaft, and twirled my tongue around the tip. His fingers entangled in my hair, and it was exactly what I needed, to know that this was exactly what he needed. I moved my mouth over him and took in as much of him as I could. 
“Suck,” he breathed. I was so turned on, that I couldn’t help but do exactly what he told me. I sucked him into my mouth as he pushed my head so I could take him deeper. I couldn’t fit him, so I used my other hand to grasp the bottom of his length and beat it into my mouth. I knew exactly when he was going to come, because he started to clench his muscles and his cock throbbed against my tongue. 
I removed my mouth abruptly, before he could come in my mouth. I looked up at him and smirked at his surprised expression. He hadn’t expected me to stop when he was about to break apart. 
“You want your space, Blake? You got it,” I said narrowing my eyes at him and pulling myself from the bed. I buttoned my shorts easily, and picked up my book and purse. I walked out of that room without looking back, and with my head held high. I left him to suffer with his need, like he had been doing to me for the past couple of months. There was no way I was going to let him get away with how he treated me earlier that day. He would either realize the mistake he had been making and try to fix it, or he would get the balls to break up with me. 
 
Chapter 21
 
Maybe I was wrong. Maybe my act of defiance made him angry instead of insightful. 
Two weeks went by, and I had not heard a word from Blake. I tried to talk to Brandon, but he never gave me a straight answer. I knew Blake was hiding from me, and I knew that they didn’t want me to know where he was. I guess that was my answer, but I wasn’t ready to accept defeat. I had been knocked down too much, to give up on our relationship.
The two weeks went by, and I was glad that I had finals to focus on, because I was able to go the two weeks without constantly thinking about Blake. Seth and I spent more time together in those two weeks, than we had in a long time. I learned that his dad had begrudgingly hired workers to deal with the farm for him, but apparently he couldn’t stop his mouth from running off when they did something wrong. 
Seth wasn’t happy when I finally told him about how my relationship with Blake had taken a turn for the worse. 
“What do you mean, you haven’t talked to him for two weeks?” he asked me as we finished packing my dorm room. 
“I mean, he made it clear I wasn’t giving him enough space, so I left him there so he could have as much space as he wanted,” I said with a shrug of my shoulders. 
“He didn’t go after you?” he asked with a look of complete bewilderment on his face. I smirked and turned away from him, so he couldn’t see the red creeping into my cheeks. 
“You know, Pussy Cat, you may have really tan skin, but I can still see the red in your cheeks when you get embarrassed. So spill,” he said walking to me and grabbing my chin in his hand, making me look at him. This was the first time he touched me like that in three months, and I was surprised at how much I missed it. I swallowed, closed my eyes, and finally spilled about how I left Blake in his bed.
“Um… Well we were fighting, and I guess it turned him on to see me yelling at him, so we sort of started going at it.” Seth’s hand immediately dropped from my face, and he backed up a step before sitting down on my bed and waving me to continue. I avoided looking at him as I continued my story. “Well, anyway, he, you know, helped me out, and then I started to help him out. If you get my meaning…,” I said, trailing off.
“Yeah, got it Jos. Continue,” he said without looking at me. 
“Well, right when he was about to… you know…,” he gave me a curt nod, so I went on. “Well, I kind of stopped. I got up and told him that if he wanted space, I would give it to him. Gave him a little of what he had been making me feel since spring break.” 
I could see Seth trying to hold back a grin, but he couldn’t help himself when he looked at me and cracked up laughing. His laugh wasn’t as deep as Blake’s, but it always made me want to laugh with him. 
“Oh my god, Pussy Cat. Only you would do something like that! Sweet revenge. You get what you need, and he has to suffer. You are a girl after my own heart,” he said in between fits of laughter. I laughed with him, and flopped back on the bed. We were clutching our sides from laughing so hard, and it felt good to let go for even a short period of time. But everything nice comes to an end, and in the end I couldn’t escape the thought that it didn’t make Blake want me more.
“It didn’t work though. I must’ve not left him wanting me,” I said a little sadly. Seth leaned back with me, and stared at me. I could tell he was trying to think of something to say, and it didn’t make me feel any better knowing he had to think so hard about something to make me feel better. Finally, he reached out and placed a hand on my cheek. His calloused thumb stroked my lonely skin, and I instantly felt better.
“Jos, there’s no way any man on this Earth could resist you like that. I don’t know what his issue is, but if it had been me, I would have run after you naked for miles until I got to you,” he gave me a small smile, and I couldn’t tell if he was joking or serious. He dropped his hand from my face, and looked up to my ceiling. 
“So, it’s been this way since spring break? I thought you two were doing really well then,” he said.
“We were. I told him everything about that night of the rape, and then we told each other how we felt about each other. We had a week of great sex and conversation, but it stopped when we got to his mom’s house.” Seth groaned lightly when I mentioned great sex, but I didn’t care. I heard all about his escapades; he could deal with my PG version of it. “I guess something happened with his family. He doesn’t like his dad, John, very much and he doesn’t really talk about his older brother Brody, so maybe he was really pissed about something they did. I don’t know. He said he didn’t want to subject me to them yet,” I finished. 
“Maybe he really does feel like he is protecting you, Pussy Cat. I mean, maybe he’s trying to push you away on purpose; his ultimate goal would be to protect you from his family, so pushing you away may be the best option in his head,” Seth said. 
“I wish he wouldn’t decide that for me. I can’t do it anymore, Seth. I don’t want to worry about him always pushing me away, when I should just be focusing on graduating and finding available teaching positions.”
“You going to his graduation tomorrow?”
“I have a seat, and I really don’t want to miss it,” I sighed and closed my eyes. “I really do love him. I guess I’ll go and see if I can talk to him about what we’re going to do.” Seth grabbed my pinky with his, and we laid there in silence for a little before going back to packing the rest of my stuff. 
Blake’s graduation was going to take place in the auditorium at the college, which was very large. I knew there was no way we would be able to talk there, so I decided to see him at his house before he needed to leave. I pulled into the driveway, and noticed a car I had never seen before. It was a nice Mercedes, so I figured it must have been either his mom or other family. The door to his house was ajar, so I didn’t bother knocking before I walked in. 
I saw Brandon walking down the stairs, knotting the tie at his neck. 
“Well, don’t you look nice?” I said to him when he noticed me.
“You’re looking pretty good yourself there, Josie,” he said with a smile, taking my hand and twirling me around once. I was wearing a yellow strapless sundress with some white eyelet wedged shoes. I gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and thanked him for the complement. 
“So, where’s Blake? I was hoping to talk to him before he graduates,” I asked him. He was checking his phone when I asked, and just pointed towards the stairs.
“Upstairs. I think he’s talking to someone,” he answered before walking and texting into the next room.
I walked up the stairs slowly, not wanting to break an ankle before summer break… or ever. I walked towards Blake’s room, and noticed that his door was only slightly open. As I got closer, I heard some murmuring. Not wanting to interrupt, I planned on waiting outside the door, until I heard a familiar female voice.  
“Oh, that sounds wonderful, Blake,” said the irking voice that belonged to none other than Miss Alice Cornwell. I decided that privacy was overrated, and leaned in closer so I could hear their conversation.
“Yeah, I thought so too. I’ll talk to her and see where she wants to go, and then we can go from there,” I heard his deep voice say in reply to Alice. 
Who is he talking about? Me? I wondered.
“Great,” she said. I heard some shuffling and could tell she was walking towards the door. “Oh, I almost forgot. You left your shirt and shorts at my place last weekend. I thought you might like them back.” I heard her chuckle lightly, and heard some more shuffling in the room. I could feel anger spilling out of my pores and anxiety pounding against my chest. Why was his shirt and shorts at her house? And why the fuck was he over her house last weekend, and not mine?
“Thanks, Alice. I’ll see you later,” he said to her. I pulled myself away from listening range of the door, and wished I could hide somewhere before she came out of his room. I wasn’t fast enough to hide, and too soon was met with the overly perfect face of Alice. I wanted to punch that face. It needed to be messed up a little bit. I started willing the universe to give her even just a small blemish. 
“Oh hi, Dear!” she said in an exaggeratedly sweet and accented voice when she saw me. I gave her a strained smile, but she ignored the insincerity, leaning down and giving me a hug and kiss on my cheek. I wished it was socially acceptable to growl and snap at the people you don’t like, like a dog. 
“Hi, Alice. What are you doing here?” I asked in hopes to gain a little more information. 
“Oh, just talking to Blake about some family stuff before his graduation. I didn’t know you were going to be here, Blake said he didn’t think you would come,” she said. Her fake ass smile never faltered, as she looked down at me. Not only was she much taller than me, but she looked at me as if I really was less than her. 
“Yeah, well. We are usually busy with other things. You know how it is,” I said, hoping to make it sound like Blake and I were doing fine. I understood her insinuation. It may have been a lie to portray our relationship as fine, but she didn’t need to know that. 
“Oh, yes, I do,” she said, and smiled wickedly before walking away. 
Damn. Bitch won that one, I thought and shook my head. I took a few deep breaths before I walked into Blake’s room. I didn’t want to come out and accuse him of sleeping with another woman, so I needed to get myself under control first. Eventually, my breathing evened, and I was able to make my body walk into his room.
Blake was sitting on his bed with his head in his hands and his elbows on his knees. He looked incredibly handsome in his black slacks and pale blue buttoned down shirt. He always dressed stylish, but he never wore formal clothes like that. He looked really good. 
“Hey,” I managed to get out, leaning against his desk. He looked up and when he saw me, he smiled and immediately got up from the bed. He instinctively started to make his way to me, but eventually it clicked that we weren’t in the same relationship we used to be in, and he stopped coming towards me. Instead he just stood in between the bed and the desk, replaced his smile with a serious expression, and crossed his arms. 
“Didn’t think I’d see you here, Josie,” he said softly. His hard jaw looked tense as he spoke, but his eyes told me he was sad. It upset me that he really didn’t think I would be there for him on a big day like that. 
“Of course I would come, Blake,” I said exasperated. “Why would I not come?”
“The way you left me a couple weeks ago might have given me that impression,” he said, anger lacing his tone. 
“You’re… mad…? You’re mad? Are you joking?” I asked, anger boiling over.
“I mean, it wasn’t really something that would have made me happy,” he said back.
“You yelled at me, Blake. Told me you wanted space, and then pounced on me. I am sick of the goddamn mixed signals. I want to know if you want to work this out, or if you plan on continuing to push me away. Because if it’s the latter, then I don’t think we should see each other anymore,” I said finally. I said what should have been said as soon as he started distancing himself from me in the first place. 
I could see him working his jaw, and knew from his lack of eye contact, that this wasn’t going to end the way I wanted it to. He sighed and shook his head. When he finally looked at me, he didn’t look like the Blake I fell in love with. This Blake showed no remorse or emotion. He was blank.
“That’s probably a good idea. I’m too busy to deal with this relationship right now.” 
I felt like he had stabbed me in the heart. He had deduced what we had to some meager relationship that could be tossed away easily, and I was heartbroken. I let myself fall in love with him, but I didn’t know I was giving him permission to destroy that gift. 
“I-,” I started, but choked on my words. He just stared at me without any emotion. I was in shock, and I couldn’t even continue my sentence. I just closed my eyes, and blinked back the moisture that was starting to gather in my eyes. 
I will not cry over this man, I thought. Shaking my head, I decided to just turn and walk away. I walked toward the door, but Blake’s hand grabbed mine, forcing me to turn around. I didn’t want to look at him in his stupid emotionless face, so I kept my chin up and faced away from him.
“Josie…,” he said. It sounded like he wanted to tell me something, but I didn’t want to get my hopes up.
“You have something to say that can make this better, Blake? Because if you don’t then you need to let go of my hand, and let me walk out of here.” I could barely talk, my vocal chords were being obstructed by my emotions. 
“I’m sorry, Jo. I don’t want to stop seeing you, but there’s just too much going on. I’m going to keep pushing you away and you deserve better than that,” he said, after a good minute. I nodded and pulled away from his grasp. 
“Good thing you have Alice to comfort you, huh? Glad she was able to be there for you this past weekend so she could finish what I started,” I said, whipping around to walk out the door. I wasn’t quick enough to miss his shocked expression. It hurt that he showed emotion about my accusation but not about breaking up with me.  
I held my head up high, and walked down the stairs as graciously as I could. I may be a short girl with a willowy body, but I could never say that I wasn’t a force to be reckoned with in that moment. I would get over Blake Porter, and I knew I would be happy again. 
 
Chapter 22
Summer 3 years earlier
I was miserable. 
Ok, I wasn’t completely miserable, because I still had my family and best friends around. But I was miserable at night, when the silence would assault my brain with memories and desires.
My dads knew as soon as I came home that something was wrong, and no amount of forcing myself to sit on my hand, could hide the fact that I was lying that everything was okay. Eventually, I told them the truth, and they told me all the things dads do: “you’re too good for him,” “you’ll find someone else,” “he’s just not thinking clearly right now,” and “I’ll chop his balls off.” The last one was courtesy of Dad. Daddy chastised him for his comment, but he couldn’t hide the laugh I heard when he turned around.
I tried reading to take my mind off the fact that I wasn’t worth fighting for, but I couldn’t find a book that let me escape. Instead, I focused on my future career. I talked to multiple schools both in Wilson and in Raleigh, and I was offered a part time job by a local elementary school to teach summer school. It was exactly what I needed.
June and July went by, and I stayed focused on helping my students. I was good at teaching. I loved working with kids, and I really felt like I was making a difference while I was in that classroom. Those thoughts may have been farfetched since it was obvious those kids had no desire to be sitting with me in that hot classroom, but it helped me feel better. 
Brooke spent most of June with me, and I think I would have fallen apart if she wasn’t there. She stayed at my house, and we grew much closer in that month. I told her everything. I told her about Seth and me, to which she was offended that I hadn’t told her the sexy details sooner. I told her about Blake and the breakup, about my anxieties about not being able to get over him, and about how much I hated Blonde Bitch. But most importantly, I finally opened up to Brooke about my life after I was raped. I told her I was terrified of ever feeling that way again, and she did everything she could to help comfort me. 
Seth was constantly busy that summer. It was the first time we didn’t spend the summer hanging out because we were both trying to get ourselves into better positions in the career field. He went on a lot of trips to different places to take pictures. He also booked a couple of shoots from people who were looking to get risqué photos done. He loved capturing basic nature, but he also had a passion for taking steamy photographs of couples. I had seen some of his work, and he was remarkable at what he did. 
When Seth wasn’t busy with his new career, he was working on his dad’s farm. There were some days that I would drive over and help him with some of his work. Ok, that’s a lie. I would sit there and talk or read while he worked diligently. I really did enjoy watching him though. He put on a good show when he took off his shirt, letting me see all his tattoos glistening with sweat. It made it hard to look at him as just a friend when he looked like that, and when I felt extremely lonely. 
When August came around, I was finished with summer school and was sick of learning new recipes from Daddy. I couldn’t handle the loneliness any longer. I went the summer without a word from Blake, which made me sad and furious, but most of all unwanted. 
There were two weeks left before I had to leave for senior year, and I felt like I was drowning in the silence and loneliness. I knew that there was one person out there who would make me feel wanted without the strings attached. 
Just for two weeks, then we can stop again, I told myself.
That thought was exactly how I ended up on my way to Seth’s house, to try to convince him to have sex with me again. When you spend the summer hoping the love of your life will eventually call or text but get nothing, you kind of feel like you need a little affection. 
I pulled up to Seth’s house and noticed movement by the barn, so I started walking up the hill towards him. He was wearing some worn out jeans and a plaid button down t-shirt that he left open, and he was taking pictures of the horses. When he saw me walking towards him, he smiled and raised his camera to his eye.
“Wait right there, Pussy Cat. You look like a fucking angel with that lighting,” he said, and started snapping some pictures of me. I was laughing and posing for him while the camera made constant clicking noises. Eventually he put his camera down, and leaned against the entrance to the barn. His blue green eyes were sparkling as he looked at me. I leaned on the opposite side of the entrance. 
“What’s up, Josie?” he asked.
“Seth… I… you’re my best friend. You know that right?” He nodded his head, but didn’t say anything. His face turned serious as he waited for me to say what I needed to say to him. 
“Seth, I need to feel wanted. Again,” I said at a barely audible decibel. I knew he heard me, though, because his body turned rigid. 
This is a bad idea. He made it clear it wouldn’t happen again after last summer, I thought. 
 
Chapter 23
Summer 4 years earlier
I had not said a word to anyone for months. 
I wouldn’t talk to my parents. I wouldn’t talk to my therapist. I wouldn’t talk to my best friend. I did my daily activities: went to school, ate, showered, and homework, but I did them without much thought. I felt as if I still had a huge rough hand wrapped around my neck, because no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t bring myself to act like everything was okay.
When I closed my eyes I was assaulted with flashes of that night. I would curl up into a ball, and rock myself as I tried to bat away the flashbacks. Daddy would come into my room and rub my back, trying to calm my fits of terror. He always knew when I was suffering inside, and he would simply hold me until I calmed down. Sometimes he would tell me stories and current gossip, but most of the time, he just rocked me. 
I was angry. I was hurt. I was sad. I felt violated. I felt defiled. I couldn’t get the voice out of my head that kept telling me that it was my fault, and that no one could save me. 
Seth called every day while he was away at school. Most of the time I ignored his calls, but sometimes I would click the green button on my phone. While I didn’t say anything, he never let that deter him from continuing a conversation with me. He would talk about his classes, his new friends, his professors, parties, family, and anything else that would pop into his head. He never gave up on me. For a year of silence, he was there for me. 
On his breaks from school, he always came to my house and slept with me. He whispered to me that he would always be there for me whenever I was ready to talk, and that he loved me no matter what. The turning point for me was one of those conversations during spring break. He admitted to me that he was so burdened with guilt; he couldn’t get over the fact that he wasn’t there before Michael had violated me. 
“I will never forgive myself, Josie. I am so sorry I didn’t do more,” he said choking on his words. My walls started breaking apart as I listened to him struggle not to cry. He had never mentioned how he felt about what happened, so I didn’t even consider how it would have affected him. I grabbed his hand and squeezed tightly while we laid in my bed. 
“I’ve missed you,” he whispered to me, turning his head to look at me with tears in his eyes.
“It’s not your fault,” I said quietly to him. As soon as I said the words to him, he pulled me into a big hug and burrowed his face into my hair. 
“You don’t know how good it feels to hear your voice,” he said. We stayed like that for the rest of the night, and I finally felt like I could breathe again. I can’t explain why hearing his confession of guilt broke down my walls, but it did. It flipped a switch in me, and I knew that I wasn’t the only one who was hurt that day. I had to make myself be happy again. I needed to make sure Seth never felt guilty for what happened, and hopefully in the long run I could make myself better. 
I would always be haunted by the memories, but when Seth saved me, he gave me another chance to live. Death did not succeed that night, and I had been living my life as if it had. When summer came around and I was finished with first year at the community college, I was almost completely back to normal. Seth and I spent the summer together, and got closer than we had ever been. 
The next year was much better than the last. I finally started talking to my therapist, and even though I didn’t go over the details of what happened that night, she helped me feel more comfortable talking. I realized how much better I was doing, when the trial for Michael had started. I still had panic attacks, but I got through it because Seth and my dads were there every step of the way. When he was sent to prison, I felt relieved. Like a big weight had been lifted.
I was going to be going to NCSU in the fall, and asked Seth to start taking me to some of his friend’s parties, so I could get out. What I didn’t expect, was the panic that set in every time a guy came up to dance with me. 
I put my new self-defense skills to use many times at the parties, and Seth always got a kick out of watching a gown man writhe in pain. It was the end of June, when my feelings toward Seth had started to change. We had gone to a smaller party and he decided to dance with me. We had danced plenty of times before, but this time it was different. 
He was sick of telling guys to back off, so he decided to take up the position of fake boyfriend for the night. It stopped being pretend when he wrapped his arm around my stomach and pulled my back into his chest. I froze for a minute before he leaned his head down next to my ear.
“Don’t be scared, Pussy Cat, I’ve got you. Just pretend like I make you feel something,” he whispered.  
My heart was pounding so hard. I hadn’t realized I could feel like that, and like it. When he moved his hips against my back, I let out a small moan and laid my head back on his shoulder. We danced the rest of the night like that. My heart beat never slowed, and I felt some sort of craving pool in the pit of my stomach. 
I needed Seth. I needed him to keep making me feel like that. I needed to know how it felt to have a man touch me without animosity. I had forgotten, and even with Mark I had never felt the way Seth made me feel that night. I turned around in his arms and looked into his blue green eyes. Some of his sandy blonde hair had fallen in front of his face, and I pushed it back, watching his eyes darken a little. I brought one of my hands to touch his cheek.
“Seth…,” I whispered. My breathing was hard, and my mouth parted trying to get more air. He leaned his head against mine, and I could feel his hot breath against my face. It was affecting him too. 
It ended too soon. He pulled away abruptly, and took a step back without taking his eyes off mine. I could see him still breathing hard, but I could also see the confusion starting to cloud his eyes. I flushed from a mixture of heated pleasure and embarrassment. 
“We should get going,” he said finally. He turned and walked to his car, and I followed, feeling dejected. I leaned back in the seat in his truck, and kept my eyes closed as he drove me back home. 
“Josie,” he said and grabbed my hand. “I don’t know what just happened, but I love you too much as a friend to do anything like that.” It was probably meant to make me feel better, but it didn’t help. I had never wanted anyone like that before, and I was confused. I just nodded, and kept my eyes closed. When he got to my house, I immediately exited the truck without saying anything. I heard him follow me, but I didn’t think I could handle facing him, so I wouldn’t look at him. 
“Hey!” he said to me trying to get my attention. He increased his steps so he could stand between me and the door. “Josie, what the hell is wrong? I’m sorry, okay? I don’t know what came over me; I shouldn’t have touched you, but please don’t be mad at me,” he pleaded with me. 
I looked up at him then. He thought I was upset with him for touching me, which shocked and relieved me. I gathered every ounce of confidence I had, and walked up to him, looking into his gorgeous eyes. 
“I wanted you to touch me, Seth. I need you to touch me. I need to feel wanted. Please just for one time, make me feel wanted,” I said boldly. His eyes widened at what I asked him, and he ran a hand through his hair. 
“Jos…,” he said, walking closer to me. “You know what this could do? It could change everything,” he said trying to get me to understand. 
“I understand Seth,” I said. “Please do this for me. Just this once,” I pleaded. He came even closer and cupped my face in his hands. We were both breathing hard, and the closeness of our mouths exhilarated me. 
“Okay, Josie,” he said breathily, after a couple of agonizing minutes. He then preceeded to give me the best kiss of my life.
He brought his mouth down to mine, and gently kissed the corner of my mouth. My mouth parted from the thrill it sent right to my core. I moved myself even closer, and put my hands in his hair. I heard him groan before he fully covered my mouth with his. We were so hungry to be more than just friends. I couldn’t get enough of his mouth and tongue. The way he sucked on my tongue and lips, was like something out of a book.
I started roaming my hands over his body and couldn’t believe that I had never noticed how sexy he was. He had always been the little boy who called me a sissy on the playground, and the one who told me he wouldn’t be able to be with just one girl the rest of his life when I asked him to play pretend wedding.  Now he was this strong man who was making my body feel things that I had never experienced. 
He pulled back, and looked at me, his chest heaving from heavy breathing. “We should go somewhere else,” he said softly, eyes filled with longing. I nodded to him, equally eager to continue.
“My parents are gone for the weekend…,” I said, letting my implication sink in. He understood, because he pulled me through the door, and locked it behind us instantly. He grabbed me again and kissed me hard before picking me up and making me wrap my legs around his waist. He carried me up the stairs as I licked the side of his neck. His little moans and groans as my tongue played with his skin, made me want him even more. He took me into my room and laid me down on my bed gently. 
That’s how Seth and I started our summer fling. I tried to keep my emotions out of the relationship, but the more intimate we got, the more I found myself wishing we weren’t just friends fulfilling my request to feel wanted. We hid it from our parents, and we hid it from our friends. When Brooke started hanging out with us, she thought she noticed a connection, but we always denied it. It was hard to deny anything when his hand was always rubbing the inside of my thigh under the table. I assumed Seth didn’t want to come out with our relationship, so I stayed silent on the issue. 
When there were only a few more weeks before we both left to go to school, I knew I had to tell him that I was starting to feel differently for him. I was nervous, not knowing how he would respond and not knowing if he reciprocated my feelings. 
After a week away on vacation to the Outer Banks, I was ready to come home and see Seth. I texted him as soon as I was back in town, and he told me to meet him at some get together he was having at his house. A bon fire with his friends wasn’t my ideal choice to tell him I was falling for him, but I couldn’t wait any longer. 
When I got to his house, the party was in full swing. Country music was blaring on a boom box someone put in the back of their truck. I couldn’t see Seth in the mass of people that had come, so I started asking people if they had seen him. They pointed me towards the barn. I couldn’t think of a reason he would be in there, but I went anyway. At least it would be a lot quieter. 
I walked through the entrance of the barn, and saw a light on and George’s office door open. When I looked into the office, I saw something that made me want to throw up. I went there to tell Seth I was falling in love with him, but found him leaning against the desk, eyes closed, and head back, getting head from some girl. I couldn’t help but stare at them, wishing it wasn’t true. I watched him put his hand on her head and force her to take more of him. I was sickened, and I couldn’t stop staring! 
I heard a horse kick his leg, and I was jolted back to reality. I turned and walked away as quickly as I could. I hope she chokes, I thought. I took a deep breath of the night air, and willed myself not to have a panic attack. We weren’t anything but friends. I had no reason to be upset, but the fact that I would never get the chance to tell him how I felt sucked.  
I walked to my car, and sat in it for a few minutes. My phone chirped after about five minutes, and I looked at the screen and groaned.
Seth: Hey kitty kitty… where are you? 
I didn’t know if I should lie or tell him the truth. I opted for the truth. Better to get it out of the way now.
Me: Hey, I’m in my car. 
Seth: K. Stay there. I want to talk to you about something. 
Another groan escaped my mouth, as I banged my head against the headrest. This was going to be extremely awkward. I got out, and leaned against my car wishing that the night would just end. 
Seth walked up to me with a huge grin displayed on his face.
Yeah, I bet you are happy, aren’t you Seth? I thought, inwardly rolling my eyes.
“Hey, gorgeous. I missed you!” he said and hugged me. Sure you did, I couldn’t help myself from thinking bitterly. 
“Missed you too, Seth. What’s up?”
“You first. You told me you wanted to tell me something,” he said, and leaned against the car. I mentally debated what I should tell him, and opted for a lie. Not like I’m hurting anyone, I reasoned.
“Oh it’s nothing, just got a new book I am excited about reading,” I said with a shrug, scratching my nose lightly. He narrowed his eyes at my hand, but didn’t call me out on my lie. “What about you? What do you need to tell me?” 
“Um… I kind of wanted to talk about you and me and what we’re doing…” he said, and scratched the back of his neck. 
“What about it, Seth?” 
“Well… it’s just that… Well, I think that with us going to school soon, I thought that maybe we should stop doing it,” he finally sputtered out. It was for the best, but I still felt rejected. Like I hadn’t quite lived up to what he wanted. He grabbed my chin that I had been clenching, and made me look at him. “Hey, you’re my best friend, Josie. I just thought that you deserve to go to college and meet other guys without feeling like you owe me anything. I’ve loved every second with you. I’m just hoping this makes it easier for you,” he said trying to reassure me. 
I pulled out of his grasp, laughed, and shoved him away. 
“I never felt like I owed you anything, Seth,” I said with a fake smile. “I would have had you and all the boys falling at my feet in a couple weeks anyway. Now it’s only one less.” He laughed, but I could tell there was some hesitance in his laugh. He almost looked a little disappointed, but I didn’t understand why he would feel that way. 
We went our separate ways, and that was the end of our summer together. We slipped back into our friendship easily, but on the inside I had to keep reminding myself that he never saw me as anything but a friend. That was my motivation to move on. I always held hope that there might be someone at college who would live up to my expectations. 
 
Chapter 24
Summer 3 years earlier
He stood against the barn staring at me with his mouth slightly parted in shock. He sank to the grass, put his head in his hands, and groaned. I started fidgeting, not knowing what to do. I was too bold. I was expecting too much out of him, and now I was humiliated. 
“Why are you asking now?” he asked me. I didn’t really know how to answer that question, or why he asked. 
“Um… I mean… never mind, Seth. I shouldn’t have asked. I’m so sorry.” I started to walk away, thoroughly mortified, but the sound of Seth’s voice stopped me. He had moved from his spot on the ground, and walked up to me.
“I’m asking because I need to know if this is something temporary, just something for you to do to get over Blake, or if you want something more.” He looked at me intently and I could feel the importance of my answer in his tone. 
“I promise it’s just temporary, Seth. I’m just feeling extremely lonely, and well, I have some needs I need to take care of…,” I trailed off at the end of my sentence, and looked away. I couldn’t believe I just said that. 
I had gotten over Seth this past year, and I knew it wasn’t an option to be anything more, because he wanted to be just friends. I hoped that he trusted that I wouldn’t fall for him again. Not that he ever knew about the first time. 
He seemed to think about it for a minute before he stepped closer to me and grinned slowly. 
“You sure? Because when I kiss you again, there’s no way I will want to stop. Got that?” He grabbed my waist, and pushed me towards the wall of the barn. He leaned over me and waited for my answer.
“Yes, I’m sure,” I said softly. 
He didn’t need any more convincing, and he claimed my mouth right there in the open. His lips pulled my bottom lip into his mouth, and he sucked on it forcefully. He bit it and then soothed it with his tongue. Seth always knew how to kiss me like no one else, making me weak in the knees for him. He grinded his hips into mine, soliciting a moan out of me. He seemed to like the encouragement, and trailed his hand up my back to grab fist full of my long hair. He yanked it a little so he could get better access into my mouth, and I shivered. I ran my hands over his bare chest, loving how smooth he was. I tugged lightly on the piercing on one of his nipples, enjoying the moan he let into my mouth. I liked the way he reacted, so I brought my mouth down and sucked the cold metal of his piercing into my mouth, loving how the cold felt against my hot needy mouth. He practically growled, and picked me up. I felt his hard cock pressing into my sensitive and neglected sweet spot, making me buck my hips against his in need of more pressure. 
I gasped, relishing in the thrill, and started panting in longing. Seth started taking me towards his dad’s office, but I pulled away from his mouth to stop him.
“No. Not there. Take me back to your room,” I said, trying to catch my breath. Seth lived in the converted upstairs in the garage. We wouldn’t have to worry about any interruptions up there. Not to mention, I didn’t want to go in the office for reasons Seth didn’t know about. He nodded, and carried me straight to his room, our hunger for each other increasing in every step that he took. It was messy as was the usual for Seth, but it didn’t matter, because I was only focused on one thing. Seth. Sex with Seth.
He took off his shirt, and I watched him, admiring the view. I started to slowly unbutton my top, loving the way Seth’s eyes narrowed and darkened. When I got it off, he got down on his knees and kissed my stomach up to the bottom of my bra. 
“You have the sexiest skin, Jos,” he said, making my chest rumble as he spoke against me. His hands trailed where his mouth left kisses, and felt goose bumps travel up my arm. His hands finally went to the back of my bra and took it off. He took his time kneading and sucking on my breasts, working me up until I couldn’t take it anymore. I pulled away, and attempted to pull him up.
“I need you…,” I said to him. I started unbuttoning my jeans and shimmied them down my short tanned legs. He made me stop before I pulled down my underwear, making me sit on the bed while he took off his jeans and boxers.  His cock sprung out, and I felt my mouth water as I took in this beautiful naked man. He had gotten a couple more tattoos, and I couldn’t wait to trace them with my tongue later. He traced his hands up my thighs until he reached the top of my panties. 
“Nothing better than undressing you,” he said with a small smirk, tugging my panties down my legs. He took them off with much more ease than I would have thought possible, but then again, it was Seth I was talking about.
He took two of his fingers and traced the inside of my lower lips. He parted them, and ran them through the wet excitement that had gathered down there. He closed his eyes briefly, and then brought his fingers to his mouth. 
“Oh my god, Seth…,” I moaned as I watched him enjoy my juices. He smiled, and gathered some more and put them to my lips. I pulled his fingers into my mouth and sucked them clean, enjoying the sounds he made as I did it. He pulled them out of my mouth and pulled open the drawer in his nightstand, to grab a condom. I didn’t tell him it was okay to go without one, which should have been a clear indicator as to the difference in how I felt with Blake than how I did with Seth, but one I ignored.
He slid on the condom with ease, and kissed me passionately before sliding into my tight entrance. It had been a while so it hurt a little at first, but once he hit the right spot, the pain was gone. He moved slowly inside of me and I brought my hips up to meet his at each thrust. He continued to kiss me, each of our tongues searching for more of each other with each movement.
He was holding back again. I had always felt like he held back with me, but not with other girls. He never let me give him head, and he never went fast or hard with me. He was always slow and reserved. It was nice and beautiful, but I couldn’t help but think of Blake and how different he was with me.
Shaking my head of those thoughts, I focused on Seth and what he was making my body feel. He leaned his forehead against mine, and closed his eyes as our bodies slow danced together. I started getting anxious while our bodies moved. I don’t know why I was plagued with guilt, but I was. I felt like I was betraying Blake by being with Seth, even though Blake was the one who didn’t want to make the relationship work. 
Blake made love to me a lot differently than Seth. Blake wasn’t afraid to be a little rough and in control, whereas Seth was gentle. Blake could be gentle, but it was different than what I was feeling in that moment. With Seth, it was amazing. With Blake, it was mind blowing.
Oh, my god! I have to stop thinking about Blake. You weren’t good enough for him. Focus on Seth. Focus on what he is doing inside of me… okay… yesss…
As I let myself get lost in his movement and the sensations I started to feel the pressure building inside of me. He slowly brought me to an orgasm and I cried his name into his mouth as I clenched around him. His movements started to get jerky, and he let out one last groan before collapsing on the other side of me. He gathered me into his arms and held me close. 
We stayed like that for a few minutes, Seth tracing patterns down my arm and running his hand through my hair. We enjoyed being close to each other. I needed to feel close to someone, but I didn’t like how guilty I felt. 
“You should let me draw you a design for a tattoo,” Seth said quietly. 
“I want a floating lantern,” I said back to him. It was something I had been thinking about for a while. 
“I could come up with something awesome for a lantern. Right here,” he traced a space around my shoulder blade.  “Why a lantern?” I thought about my answer before I told him, not wanting to give too much away.
“You ever feel like you’re reaching for something that is so close to being within your grasp, but you can’t quite get it?” He covered his face in my hair, and breathed in deeply. 
“All the time,” he whispered. 
“I want that light. The light that makes me happy and calm, but it’s out of my grasp. Sometimes, I feel like I’m reaching for something that is only meant to float away,” I shrugged at the end of my explanation. 
“I know how you feel.” He kissed my shoulder, and we laid there for a while before drifting off to sleep. 
*             *             *
“You should let me take pictures of us together,” Seth said into my neck in between kisses. We had been spending almost every day together, and our days left were dwindling. This was going to be the last time we were together before we went back to school. I had gotten to the point where I could ignore my guilt, and focus on having fun and the attention that Seth was giving me. 
I was shocked by his request, because I knew he wasn’t referring to photos of us in clothes. “What?”
“I think we should take pictures of us together. I will position the cameras so they won’t get your face or see your body parts. I could make it extremely sexy, Jos,” he said, excitement in his eyes. 
“Will anyone see it?” I asked with trepidation. 
“Not unless you want them to. But it wouldn’t be like anyone could tell it was you. I won’t let anything distinguishable show, and it will be in black and white, so no one could pick out your distinct features,” he said, tracing my skin. 
If no one would see it, then it wouldn’t be that big of a deal. And I had seen some of his work, he really could get an angle that wouldn’t show any of my features, and still be sexy. Maybe it was my sense of adventure, or maybe it was my curiosity, but I couldn’t really think of anything bad that would happen if I agreed. 
“Ok,” I said, and smiled at his almost childlike grin. 
“Great, let me set them up real quick.” He gave me a quick kiss, and hopped off of me. I enjoyed watching his concentration while setting up his two cameras, and most certainly enjoyed the view of his half naked body hard at work. 
I walked to his bathroom, and brushed my hair that had gotten tangled while making out with Seth all day. I never wore too much make up, so I wasn’t worried about that, not that it mattered because my face wasn’t going to be in the pictures. I gave myself a once over, and then was startled by manly tattooed arms wrapping around me. Seth looked at me in the mirror, and leaned down to my ear.
“You are gorgeous, as always, Josie.” He turned me around and brought his lips to mine. He kissed me slowly, and I could feel myself getting heated. He grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the bed. I was a little embarrassed when he started undressing us, unable to believe that I agreed to do something so risqué. He position me in a particular way, and went back to his cameras to make sure his shot was right and to set up timers on them. 
“Okay, don’t think about the cameras,” he said, coming back to me. He started sucking on my neck as his hands roamed my thighs, stomach, and then my chest. I tried to ignore the cameras and focused on his tongue and mouth on me. 
Click. He brought one of my breasts into his mouth and sucked on my hard nipple. His tongue always knew how to make my body feel good. Click. I moved my hands into his shaggy sandy blonde hair, and arched my back, needing more of him. Click. Seth aligned his chest with mine, and went back to assault my neck as I moved my hands to rub his shoulders and arms.  Click. His other hand that wasn’t fondling my breast, moved its way in between my legs, and rubbed me. I gasped at the feeling of increased pressure on my clit. Click. His fingers really were magical. It didn’t take me long before both the pressure of his mouth on my neck and breasts and the rubbing of his fingers against me, made me come. Click.
“So sexy,” he whispered, before putting on the condom he had ready on the bed. 
His eyes were hooded with desire. He positioned himself in front of me and moved my long hair in a way that covered my breasts. Click. He eased inside of me gently, and then pulled back out fast. Click. He teased me like that for a while, as I whimpered with need. I decided to sit up and grab onto his back, nearly clawing him to finally give me what I needed. I started to raise my hips to his at a better rhythm, loving the small whimper that came out of his mouth. Click.
“I need more, Seth,” I said. He wasn’t giving me everything, and even though I didn’t think it would change, I tried to convince him to go faster and harder. He was still gentle, but he didn’t pull out all the way anymore. I finally was getting filled with him, and I let myself get lost in the feel of his cock buried deep inside my throbbing pussy. Click. 
He watched me as I leaned my head back enjoying his pounding dick inside of me. I wanted more. I wanted to go my pace, so I pushed him back a little, and got out from under him. 
“I want to ride you,” I said to him. Click. He leaned back taking me in as I climbed on top of him. He moved my hair again so it covered my profile, and then moaned as I started to move against him. It felt so good to let myself control the pace. I wasn’t afraid to go fast on him, and I took full advantage of it. He placed his hands on my hips to hold me, and I kept my hands on his chest to hold me up. Click.
I worked myself up, hitting exactly where I needed more pressure, and felt myself getting more anxious to relieve it. Click. I jerked a few times on him really hard, and then scratched his chest, leaned my head back, letting my hair cascade down my back, and let out a loud cry as my womb clenched with its release. Click. I felt Seth raise his hips up to mine quickly, and felt his hands move up to my face. He looked at me intently as he jerked inside of me, finding his release. The look we gave each other was one of pure satisfaction and longing. My Seth. My best friend, and the person who has always been there for me. He looked like perfection in that moment. Click.
He closed his eyes and let out a moan and said, “Oh god, Jos. I love you so much.” It was muffled as he said it, but I heard him, and got off of him. I laid back on the bed and closed my eyes in thought. 
He meant it as a friend. Nothing more. He had his chance! I fell in love with someone else! I don’t want to risk getting hurt again. I heard Seth get up, and turn off the cameras. I kept my eyes closed, not ready to face him yet. 
“I gotta go help Dad with some paperwork before I leave tomorrow. I’ll see you there okay?” He sounded a little timid as he spoke, and I felt guilty for not saying anything. I felt him come over to me and kiss my forehead. “You’re my best friend, Jos. These past couple of weeks have been amazing, but everything has to go back to normal tomorrow, okay?”
He didn’t love me like that… That’s good…, I thought, knowing I didn’t want to let those old feelings come back. I opened my eyes and smiled. “Yeah, everything will go back to normal. I’ll see you there.” He patted my head, smiled, and walked out the door. I wasn’t hurt this time. I wasn’t sad. Nothing was left unsaid. In fact, I felt a little relieved. I would go back to school, focus on graduating, and try my damnedest not to think about Seth and Blake and the preposterous feeling of guilt I had been feeling. 
 
Chapter 25
 
Brooke and I had decided earlier in the summer to split rent for an apartment near NCSU, instead of applying for dorm residency. She had access to money through her parents, and they wouldn’t let her live in anything dumpy. So, that’s how I ended up renting an apartment with Brooke during my senior year, with peanuts as rent. 
I had packed up my car the day before, so all I had to do was say a goodbye to my dads, and leave. I threw on some yoga pants and a green V-neck t-shirt, no make-up, and kept my hair in a big blob on the top of my head. Brooke called me while I was on my way to tell me that she was already there and was making Brandon help her unpack and bring up furniture. 
I pulled up to Legend Cary Towne Apartments, and was shocked by how nice they were. I managed to find my way around to the apartment that Brooke and I would be staying in, and was even more shocked when I got a look inside. My dingy brown box looked completely out of place in this space. 
Brooke ran out of what I assumed was her room, and came hurtling towards me. She wrapped me in a big hug, and let out a small squeal of excitement. We hopped around in a circle holding each other’s hands like girly teenagers would do. 
“I am so excited Josie! I missed you! Roomies again in an awesome place,” she said, barely containing her excitement. I was just as happy, and laughed with her. 
“Missed you too. This place is a freaking palace!”
“Comes with some furniture too. But I made Brandon bring a few extra things for us,” she said, her smile never faltering on her perfect face. She grabbed my hand in her dainty hands, and pulled me to the other end of the apartment. “This will be your room. You told me you’re scared of heights, so I took the liberty of taking the room with the balcony.” I laughed.
“Thanks. That would have been a nightmare,” I said honestly. 
“Yeah well, sometimes you have to make sacrifices for your best friends,” she said with a shrug. We laughed for a couple minutes before she went back to unpacking her things. I took a moment to look around my room, and fell in love. It was simple in white, but luxurious at the same time. My bed looked like a cloud, and I couldn’t wait to sleep in it. 
I went to my door to walk out, but was blocked by Brandon carrying in an end of some piece of large furniture. 
“Whoa, sweetheart. Didn’t think you would be here until later,” he said with a strained smile. He was sweating, and had a big chunk of his dark brown hair in his eyes. I moved out of the way so he could come the rest of the way inside the room. 
“Yeah, I decided to get a head start. Good-,” I stopped short when I saw who was carrying the other end of the furniture. He seemed to be even more handsome now than he did three months ago. I couldn’t breathe as I took him in. He was wearing some dark designer jeans, and had his button down shirt open to reveal a white fitted undershirt. It looked like he had been working out more, because his muscles seemed to strain in his shirt. His hair was still cropped short, and his eyes were as intense as ever, but the intensity was softened when I got a look at the smile on his beautiful full lips. His eyes travelled up my body, and I could feel myself get heated in every spot his eyes touched. 
“Let’s get this down and then you two can continue you’re eye fucking later,” Brandon said breathing hard from exertion. Blake’s eyes looked into mine for a moment longer, before they continued into the room to set up the item I had not yet taken much notice to. 
They laid it up against the wall, and I finally noticed the beautiful piece of furniture. It was a white painted over mahogany bookcase that had French detailing carved into the front of the piece. It took my breath away as I stared at it. I ran my hand over the carvings loving every small handmade detail that was added to it, making it look like a piece of art.
“Oh my god, this is beautiful,” I whispered. I was entranced by its beauty, and could picture all of my books looking like royalty on its shelves. 
“Isn’t it just gorgeous,” Brooke said, walking into the room with a smile. I grinned at her, and nodded. 
“You shouldn’t have gotten this for me. It’s too much. I’m already living here for practically nothing,” I said to her. I didn’t want to give it up, but it was too much to keep it. She smiled at me. 
“I didn’t get it, darlin’,” she said in a sing song voice. I knitted my brows in confusion, because I didn’t know who else would have gotten it. 
“Who did?” Brooke grabbed Brandon’s arm and pulled him towards the door.
“I am sworn to secrecy,” she said making a gesture of zipping her lips, and dragging Brandon out of the room. 
I knew I was alone with Blake, and I could feel the electricity fill the air around us. I finally decided to turn around, and was struck again by his handsome, no, sexy features. His dark brown eyes locked onto mine as soon as I turned around. We didn’t say anything, but I felt like a lot was being said in that one look. I know I showed him that I wasn’t over him, and I could see sadness and longing in his look. I also knew that he still hadn’t changed his mind. 
“I didn’t think you would be here while I helped them,” he said, breaking the silence. I sat down on my big comfy bed, and tried not to feel hurt by his words. 
“I’m sorry you had to see me, Blake. I will stay out of your way until you’re done,” I said. I didn’t want to make him suffer any more than he had to. 
“That’s not what I meant, dammit,” he said roughly. He turned away and I saw him take in deep breaths. I took advantage of the angle and checked out his ass in those jeans. They hugged him just right, hanging low on his defined hips. I wished I could reach out and worship his body. 
“That’s not what I mean, Jo,” he said again, turning to look at me. “I didn’t think you would want to see me after what I did to you.” His eyes were troubled. For someone who had such a commanding presence, I loved that he could always come off as soft and gentle, especially around me. 
“You didn’t do anything to me, Blake. I wasn’t good enough for you to open up to, and that’s not your fault. I gave you that ultimatum,” I said, trying to act nonchalant about it, when in reality my heart still hurt. He kneeled down in front of me and grabbed my chin. 
“Don’t do that. You are too good. That’s why I knew I had to give you up. I’ve been fucking miserable without you. I just figured you wouldn’t want to see me,” he said insistently. I pulled away and rose from the bed to walk across the room. His proximity was getting to me. My heart raced and pounded in my chest, my body was hot, and I felt like I couldn’t catch a breath. 
“How’s the business?” I asked to take my mind off of what he just told me. He sighed and sat on the bed, as I walked back to the bookcase to inspect the engravings. “What did you end up naming the business anyway?” 
“The business is doing well. We got a pretty big job over the summer, so that kept me busy. I was able to get a couple of other jobs because of that one. I decided to go simple and call it Porter’s Architecture and Design… Jo, I don’t wanna talk about business. I want to talk to you,” he said. I closed my eyes and let the warmth of his words wash over my body that had grown cold and alone in the last three months. 
“Did you get this for me?” I whispered touching the bookshelf. I didn’t want to think of the possibility earlier, but I knew that he would have known just how much I would love it. 
I felt his presence behind me, and I shivered from images of him wrapping his arms around me and touching his lips to my neck.
“Yes, love. And before you say anything, it would break my heart if you didn’t accept it,” he said right next to my ear. I felt my breathing get shallow as I felt his hot breath in my hair. I was amazed that he could still affect me in that way, even after all that time. Not only that, but I was amazed that Blake Porter could always render me mute when he was near.
He was standing behind me, and he moved his hand so it wrapped around my stomach. His head came down, and he ran his nose along my jawline to my ear, inhaling as he went. I shivered, and felt the primal need to be with him again.
“I missed you so much, Blake,” I whispered to him as he licked my ear. I moaned at the electricity I felt when his tongue touched me. I could feel desire burning within me, and run right to my sex. My heart was pounding so hard in my chest. Blake moved his hand so he could lift my hair and pull it off of my left shoulder to get better access to my neck. I melted into him as he continued to play with my ear in his mouth. He started to trail kisses down my neck, but he stopped abruptly, stiffened, and then pulled away from me. 
“Apparently you didn’t miss me enough,” he growled. I turned around at his abrupt absence, and looked at him in bewilderment.
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
His eyes were filled with anger and hurt, and I didn’t understand what I could have done in a second to have made him so upset. He walked back up to me, throwing daggers at my neck. I looked down as he came up to me, and was shocked to see that there was a purplish blue mark on my collar bone. I closed my eyes, trying to take stock of the feeling of stupidity I felt knowing that the man I am in love with just saw a hickey on my neck from another guy. 
I felt him touch the area surrounding my mark, and heard him sigh. 
“Must not have missed me too much, Jo.” His voice was grave as he said those words to me. He was hurt. I was mad. How dare he? I crossed my arms and glared at him.
“Not that it’s any of your business, but that mark doesn’t mean anything. I did miss you. Excuse me for looking for affection from someone after not being good enough for the man I am madly in love with!” I raised my voice to show him just how hurt and mad I still was about what he did to us. “And don’t you dare think that this is worse than sleeping with Alice while we were together!” 
He looked shocked when I said that, and took a step back. “You know, that’s the second time you have implied that I slept with her, but I haven’t! If you wanted to know, all you had to do was ask!”
“I didn’t imply anything! I am letting you know that I know that you slept with her while you were with me, just like you cheated on her while you two used to date!” I knew my face was red with anger, but I couldn’t help the overwhelming hurt and frustration that had been building up through the months.
“Alice and I haven’t done anything since high school, Josie! And I never dated her, either. We were just friends that used to hook up a little. In fact, my older brother was more into her than I ever was.” He got closer to me and cupped my cheeks. 
“You’re right, Jo. I have no right to be mad at you. But it kills me to see that on you,” he said looking at the mark on my neck. “To think another man touched you, when it should only be me, is fucking torture. You are supposed to be mine, Josie. Not someone else’s.” He touched my neck and backed me against the bookcase. “It should only be me touching you. Loving you. Making you feel sexy and dirty at the same time. It should be me.” I looked into his troubled dark eyes and knew that if he asked me to be his, I would have said yes in an instant. 
“It can be only you who touches me, Blake. But you have to let me in. You can’t push me away. Are you ready to do that yet?” He closed his eyes. Bad sign. 
“I wish you believed me when I told you that you really shouldn’t be around my family,” he said, shaking his head before kissing the corner of my mouth. A small cry escaped my mouth at the contact. It was extremely sensual, just a hint of his tongue against a small portion of my sensitive lips. “I need more time to figure out what I am going to do with that first. So, no I won’t be able to stop pushing you away yet.” He pulled away from me, and I was once again filled with hollowness. 
“I’ll be waiting Blake,” I said softly to him, as he walked towards the door. I heard him sigh when he reached the door. 
“I wish you wouldn’t,” he said and walked out. 
 
Chapter 26
Thursday Present
My heart pounds as I finish putting on the final touches of make-up on my face. Blake will be here any minute, and I’m not sure if I’m ready for what could happen tonight. Will we just talk? Will we reminisce? Will we have sex? I don’t know, and those thoughts have kept my mind very busy at school the last couple of days. 
On Wednesday, I struggled keeping my emotions in check while working. Knowing that Daddy wouldn’t be calling me after work, made me feel the sorrow of his loss once again. Being alone in the classroom during lunch was not my best option for a time like that, but I wasn’t ready to be around the other teachers yet. 
I was pleasantly surprised when each one of my students came into the classroom after lunch carrying a single rose. I stopped asking what was going on, when I kept getting fits of giggles as responses. The last two students came in with a note attached to a rose and a vase made to look like an old lantern. I took it from them, and they went back to their seats giggling. I took the vase, filled it with water, and put the 18 roses in it. I was in love with the beauty of the display. Finally, I opened the note.
 “Happiness can be found in even the darkest of times, if only one remembers to turn on the light.” – Albus Dumbledore
I love you, Jo. 
How the hell was I supposed to not melt a little at that? He had officially put himself in the center of my life again. The quote was is so relevant to how I have been feeling. Darkness clouding me has been a constant in my life, but I have always been able to pull out of it and find happiness. I will make it through this too. I make my own happiness; I need to remember that. I sent a quick motivation into the universe reinforcing that I will be happy, and then continued my day with a lot less sadness than earlier. 
Blake was leaning against my car when I walked out of the building, and grinned at me when he saw me coming. He looked so amazing, and my heart beat enthusiastically at the sight of him. I ran and leapt up into his arms as he swung me around. I kissed all over his face, and he let out a deep laugh that vibrated through his chest and into mine. 
“Thank you so much,” I whispered in his ear. 
“I’d do anything for you, love,” he said and captured my lips with his. He always knew the key to my heart was through books, and I’m glad he still knows how to cheer me up. 
Today was another surprise. He still won’t admit to his hand in it, but someone “anonymously” donated a large chunk of money for the school library. Blake listened to me complain about that library for hours on some nights back when we used to be together, so the fact that he remembered and did something about it, means the world to me.  He may not have put his name out there for me to really know, but I know. I know it was Blake. 
“I didn’t do it, Jo,” he said trying and failing to hide a smile, when I confronted him after school. “Look will you stop talking about it if I agree to come up to the apartment later?” I pinched my lips together in thought, and decided that yes, I could drop the subject if I could have the chance to spend the night with him. 
That’s what led to the pounding heart I have as I wait, impatiently, for Blake to get here. I slipped into some jeans and a loose t-shirt, not wanting him to think I cared too much, but it’s a lie. I care a whole lot.  He makes it so easy to forget everything bad that has happened to us, and move on. He is making me feel like I can forgive him, something I always felt would be impossible. How do I forgive that? It’s not just that he lied. It’s the actual truth that is heart wrenching. I don’t know how he does it, but he makes me want to forget it all.
I hear a knock on the door, making me stop mid-pace. I just saw him a couple of hours ago, but the excitement to see him again doesn’t dissipate. He is a bubble of peace in my world of turmoil. I walk to the door, and check myself out in the mirror in the hallway before opening it.
“Oh hey,” I say to the perfect man standing in front of me, crossing my arms and leaning against the door frame. I am trying to play it cool, but my insides are roaring to life. He chuckles, and leans in to kiss my cheek.
“Hello to you, love,” Blake says, and then steps into the apartment. I take him in as he steps ahead of me. He is wearing black trousers that outline his perfect ass just right and tucked into that is a light blue dress shirt that compliments his eyes. He is beyond handsome, and every time I see him dressed like that, I can feel how confident and demanding he is. It’s incredibly sexy and a huge turn on. I’ve seen him at work, and I know firsthand how sexy he is being the boss. 
As he looks around the apartment, I start to get more nervous about what he sees. I changed things when he broke my heart, because it was too much of a reminder of the home that we had made there together. The only room that I haven’t re-painted, is the bedroom. I just can’t do it. I have been torturing myself for the past year with his memory, sitting in the closet and staring at the sweet note he wrote me when we painted the room. 
“Looks good, Jo,” he says turning around to face me and taking me from my thoughts. I shrug and walk into the living room. I sit on my green couch that I got after I gave away the furniture that he had helped pick out, and settle in, not sure what to do now that he is here. He walks over to the bookshelf that I could never give away, and looks at the new books that I have accumulated within the last year. 
“I always loved how much you liked to read. I don’t know how, but it made you even sexier to me,” he says, and then comes and sits next to me on the couch. I roll my eyes at him and he gives me his confident and cocky crooked smile. 
He pulls me towards him, and I giggle as he tickles my sides. It feels normal, natural, and also annoyingly painful. My laughter seems to encourage him, because he continues his torture, until he has me captured underneath his body.  
He rubs his nose along my neck and up behind my ear, breathing me in. I shiver at the sensitivity of the contact. “Say it,” he whispers to me before assaulting my sides again. I can barely breathe through the laughter, and my efforts to get out from under him. Is it really laughter? Because I don’t think so. There is nothing genuine about my laugh.
“Fine!” I yell out, knowing that I can’t take any more. He stops and grins down at me, waiting. “I’m sexy and I know it!” repeating the phrase from a song he always used to make me say whenever I doubted myself.  My cheeks heat after I say it, but he just smiles at me and rubs his thumb across my now rosy cheeks. 
“So beautiful,” he whispers before lowering his head to mine. His lips feel electrifying against mine. Nice warm and full lips, wetting mine as we sink into passionate intimacy. Hands are searching each other’s body, and mouths are trying to reach into each other’s soul. 
I feel like my heart is about to explode from the intensity of this kiss. His tongue and mine seem to clash perfectly in a battle to show each other our desires. I love it when he pulls my bottom lip in between his teeth, and gives it a little tug. I moan against his mouth, and move my hips up to meet his. I want so badly for this to continue with no clothes, so I continue to rub my body against his. I hear him moan and growl at the same time, and I can’t help but think that it is the sexiest sound I have ever heard. I feel him try to slow down the kiss, but my body, mind, and soul want nothing to do with that, so I continue to push harder. I grip the hair on the back of his head and keep him firmly against my mouth.
He tears himself away from my grasp, panting. “Jesus, Josie,” he practically growls, and puts himself on the furthest spot on the couch. “What the hell are you doing?” He is frustrated and seems angry, but I can’t understand why he doesn’t want to go any further with me. 
“I’m pretty sure I made it clear exactly what I’m trying to do, Blake. I think the question here is what the hell are you doing? Because, to me, it seems like a lot of leading on and then pulling back,” I say angrily, and get up to go to the kitchen. How dare he? I think to myself. He keeps telling me he loves me, and then kisses me passionately only to pull back and not continue what he started. 
In an effort to take my mind off of my raging hormones, I start getting everything I need to make dinner. I feel Blake’s thick arms wrap around me as I start slamming vegetables onto the counter. He nuzzles his face in my neck and gives me a soft kiss. I feel my anger start to soften at his gentleness.
“I love you, Jo. We just need to talk before we do that. You know that.” He spins me around so I am facing him, and smoothly places my hair behind my ear. “You just don’t understand how it felt to have you look at me like that. I don’t want to be a constant reason for that look of hatred and disgust. I can’t do it, Jo. You deserve better than that. So we have to talk it out. Do you get that?” 
I nod my head. It makes sense. I just wanted to believe it wouldn’t have to come to that. “One more night,” I whisper to him. “Just one more night to act like it didn’t happen, and then tomorrow we can talk about it.” He nods his head in agreement, and we finish making dinner. Together.  
 
Chapter 27
December 2 ½ years earlier
I went through the last few months focusing on my school work. I tried my hardest to make sure that no man got in the way of me becoming a successful woman. I studied, and rarely went out to parties. I read in the sanctuary of my room, and that became my life for the first half of my senior year.
My student teaching became an outlet for me to focus on something other than Blake and the hope that he would come back to me. But Blake couldn’t just let me go. No… he still made a subtle presence in my life for weeks, making it impossible to forget about him completely. 
I started noticing the addition of books one night when I was browsing my bookshelf for a new book to read. On my shelf, there was a book that I knew I would not have brought with me to school, because it wasn’t a book I ever owned. It was a Dr. Seuss book: Oh, the Places You’ll Go. I cocked my head, when I saw it, and grabbed it from the shelf.
What in the world, I thought, cracking open the book. I was pretty sure I read that book in elementary school, but I didn’t remember it. I flipped through the pages, and stopped when I found a highlighted part in the book. I liked to highlight different quotes that I found interesting or inspirational in books, so I knew that the phrase must have been important to someone. I read, “You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go…” 
I loved it immediately after reading it, which piqued my curiosity even more about who put it there. I had a feeling that it was Blake, but I didn’t know when he could have come in and put it there… Only I can decide the direction of my life. I flopped onto my bed, and read the children’s story, realizing that even though it was meant for a child, it gave me inspiration as an adult. I fell asleep holding onto the book, hoping that there would be another book waiting for me soon. 
I looked every day after that in hopes of finding another book, and eventually my obsessiveness was rewarded, because a week later there was another book. The Perks of Being a Wallflower was stuck in between the books on my shelf. It looked read, and my heart raced hoping to find another quote. I flipped through the pages and finally found one. “There’s nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.” I smiled after I read it. Blake used to tell me something similar while we were dating. I knew it was him.
Once a week I would find a new book, with a new quote waiting for me. Some of them inspired me, and some of them made me laugh. All of them made me love Blake more. 
Winter break was approaching, and I kept hoping that Blake would come to me and let me know he still cared. I waited, hoping for an inkling or hint that he might still be in love with me, but the quotes were never about love. 
Until one day it was. 
I checked my shelf again on the week before I was supposed to leave for break, and was excited to see a new book. It was one I had read many times, and had a copy of it back at my house. It was The Notebook. I knew this quote could change everything. My heart raced as I flipped through the pages. Tears welled in my eyes once I found and read the quote Blake left for me.
“I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I’ve ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, every day we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours.” 
He loved me! He couldn’t stop it either. I needed to see him, so I rushed out of my apartment as fast as I could. I drove to his office, about a twenty minute drive, and with immense determination I ran into his office. He was standing in front of his desk with two other workers looking at a blueprint. He was pointing to something on the page, when I rushed in. He looked up abruptly when he heard the door swing open and bump the wall with a loud thud. 
“You love me!” I breathed out. Blake raised his eyebrows, and smirked. He looked over at the two dumbfounded employees, and whispered something to them. They walked past me and closed the door. Blake walked to the front of his desk, and crossed his manly and sexy arms across his chest. 
“You love me, Blake,” I said again insistently, holding up the book. 
“How do you know that’s me?” he asked and cocked his head. I walked closer to him, and left about an inch between us. 
“I just know,” I said softly. He smiled at me, and then brought his hand to my face. 
“Yes, Jo. I still love you. I can’t stop,” he said, and leaned into me. He looked into my eyes, and rubbed his thumb against my cheek. His simple touch made my breathing erratic and my heart beat fast.  
“I love you too, Blake,” I said, leaning in closer, hoping he would close the miniscule distance between our lips. He moved his hand to the back of my head, and gripped some of my hair when he pulled me to his lips. It felt like the world around me had exploded when I felt the pressure of his mouth on mine. Every nerve in my body was at attention, and every little movement we made ignited a fire in the pit of my stomach. My book dropped to the floor with a thud as we got lost in each other. 
It was intense. It was passionate. It was us. My hands roamed his body, and I enjoyed listening to the little deep sounds of pleasure that it brought out of him. He backed me against the wall in his office, and started attacking my neck. 
“Oh… oh my god, Blake,” I moaned. He replied with a moan of his own as he licked his way up my ear. My body was hot with excitement, and it didn’t take long for me to get soaking wet as he continued using his tongue on me. 
“I never slept with anyone else, Jo,” he said, looking into my eyes intently. “It’s always been you, I just needed some time. I’m not ready to talk about everything with my family, but I am ready to stop pushing you away, because you are it for me. You’re it, Jo. I will love you every day for as long as I live.”
Blake traced his nose against my cheek, and into my hair. I closed my eyes at the gentle touch, and felt guilt wash over me. I was relieved to learn that he and Alice had not done anything, and I believed him. But it made me feel a little guilty about what I did over the summer. I couldn’t tell him that I had slept with my best friend multiple times even if we weren’t together, especially since I told him that Seth was like a brother to me. So I did what I thought was best. 
“I haven’t been with anyone else either. Not like that,” I lied. I kept my hands firmly laced behind his neck, and closed my eyes so he couldn’t detect the lie.  I knew I was a horrible person for lying, but what he didn’t know couldn’t hurt him. What happened with Seth didn’t mean nearly as much as it did when it was with Blake, because Blake loved me. That was the missing puzzle piece the whole time. Seth never loved me, and Blake always did. “It’s always been you for me too, Blake,” I said truthfully. 
He captured my mouth again, and we were all tongues, hands, heavy breathing, and moans. We couldn’t get enough of each other. I relished in the feel of his hands touching my sensitive and aching breasts. I took advantage of the moment, and studied every definition and crevice on his fit body. I didn’t think it was possible, but he was even sexier now than before. He was manlier now. He wasn’t just my college boyfriend, he was my man.
His hand had traveled under my shirt, and every path he made with it, sent my body into a wild frenzy. He moved to the top button on my jeans, and I sucked in a sharp breath. I was anxious for him to continue, but I wasn’t sure if he would let it progress to that since we were in his office. I closed my eyes and moaned, hoping he would take that as a hint to continue the travel of his hand. He licked my ear, and nibbled on it before he slipped his hand into my jeans. I let out a whimper as he slid his fingers into my wet folds. 
The feel of his hand was so needed and electrifying that I didn’t know how long I would last before I came from his touch. He moaned and put his head in my neck, continuing to rub me. I moved my hips in sync with his hand, desperately needing release that only he could give me. I was getting close, and my breathing and moans were proof of my excitement. Blake’s hand stilled and he licked my neck. 
“I want you to come on my mouth,” he said roughly into my ear, and then picked me up.
I wrapped my legs around him and let out a small squeal as he moved us over to his desk. He sat me on the edge, moving a couple files out of our way. He gave me his hand and helped me back down so he could take off my jeans, excruciatingly slowly. His hands caressed my butt and thighs as he worked my pants off of my hot needy body. His hot wet lips moved over every spot that his hands touched, making me shiver from overwhelming sensations.
Blake rose from the ground, and grabbed the hem of my shirt as he came to full height. 
“Arms up, love,” he said with a smirk. I obliged his request, and was rewarded with his sensual touch against my bare skin as he slid my top over by head. My bra was next, and he had that off quicker than I could have taken it off myself. I would have to talk to him about that later. 
Blake took a step back, and ran his eyes down my body, leaving behind a trail of fire on my skin as he stared. 
“Dreams don’t do you justice, Josie. You are so beautiful, it hurts,” he said softly, dragging his eyes up to meet mine. My mouth was parted, and I was panting with anticipation. I closed my thighs, in an effort to relieve some of the pressure that was building because of him. He inched towards me, putting out his arm to stop my legs from coming together. His fingers traced my swollen clit, making me lose a little consciousness. 
He moved his hands to my hips and lifted me up onto the now clean desk. Spreading my legs wide, he kneeled on the floor. I leaned back on my hands, and let my long hair cascade down my back. When his tongue touched me, I nearly convulsed against him immediately. He kept it on my throbbing clit, and moved his fingers inside of my wet entrance. I cried out loudly at the friction of his fingers and tongue, and felt my nipples pucker even tighter as he continued to pleasure me. 
It was ironic to think of this god of a male creature bowing on his knees before me, bringing me to the point of ecstasy, just because he loved to do it. It was sexy and hot, and it made me love him even more. 
He sucked my clit into his mouth, and I felt myself reaching and climbing to the peak of desire. It was like a buildup, and when I reached the top, I knew I couldn’t hold on for one more second. 
“Oh, Blake!” I cried out as I came, writhing against the desk. I heard him moan against me, but I was so lost in my orgasm, that I barely noticed. He licked at me eagerly, until I was finally able to calm down and come back to myself. I looked down and saw him staring at me, with a smile on his face. He stood up, and took off his dress shirt, wiping his face before he threw it on the floor. His dress pants and boxers were next, and I took in the sight of my god. 
“Ugh… you are too good looking, Blake,” I said acting exasperated. He chuckled softly under his breath, reached for my red cheeks. He kissed my lips softly, and I groaned wanting more. The next time he put his mouth on mine, I slipped my tongue into his mouth, and wrapped my hands around his neck. I could taste myself on his tongue, the sweet taste of the passionate kiss he gave me from below. So sexy… I arched my back, so that my nipples hit his hard bare chest. 
Blake sucked my tongue into his mouth, making me moan for him again. I needed more of him. I needed to feel him inside of me. Filling me up so that I could finally feel whole again. “More…” I whispered to him, and he positioned himself in front of me, while I wrapped my legs around him. His tip hit my pussy, and I could feel myself trying to pull him in further. He grabbed my cheeks again, and kissed me while he pushed himself inside. 
I gasped, and threw my head back in pleasure. He gripped my hips firmly in his hands and kept a steady rhythm with his hips. The feel of his big cock filling me, then leaving me, only to come back into me was so electrifying and thoroughly missed, that I lost all sense of being. I didn’t care that we were in his office. I didn’t care that he was fucking me on a desk. I didn’t care that the people in the hall could probably hear my cries of ecstasy. All I cared about was the man that I loved, and the way that only he was able to make me feel. 
I felt another orgasm building inside of me. A sheen of sweat covered both of our bodies, making him look even sexier. His grip on my waist gripped harder, as he brought his other hand to grab some of my hair to tilt back my neck. He licked my neck, and I gripped his shoulders loving the ride he was taking me on. He sucked on my neck a little, and I was brought back to the precipice.
“I’m going to come,” I breathed out, grabbing his bare back. Blake moaned, and brought me even closer to him. He moved me up and down on him, and I noticed that he was reaching his orgasm at the same time I was. My nails dug into his back and I let out a loud scream as I came around him, legs gripping around him and toes curling. His movements were erratic and I heard him groan as he released himself into me. My insides clenched around him wanting to milk out every last drop of him. 
We were both breathing heavily as we both came down from the high of our sexual peak. Our arms were wrapped around each other, and we basked in post-coital bliss. After a few minutes, Blake unwrapped himself from me, and went to the bathroom that was in the office. He came out with a wash cloth, and came to me. When he started to clean me himself, I was a little shocked and embarrassed, but it felt so intimate so I didn’t stop him. He placed chaste kisses along my thigh, and then on my lips when he was finished. 
We dressed, and he told me he was going to tell one of the other workers to close up for him, so he could spend the rest of the day with me. To say I was red in the face when I passed the workers as we left his office, would be an understatement. I couldn’t bring myself to look at them, and Blake thought it was the funniest thing in the freaking world. 
We ran to my favorite bookstore, and I agonized over which of three books to buy. Blake put all three on the counter and paid for them without acknowledging my protests. We laughed and talked all day. Getting to know each other once again. We went to Lantern to eat dinner, and were happily surprised to see a band performing for the night. We danced and held each other close, finally happy to be right where we belonged. 
We were seated at the table eating our dinner, when I decided to ask about Alice and the bruises that he was always coming back with. It was an issue I really couldn’t get past, so I needed to ask about it. I turned towards him, and made sure my focus was completely on him. He turned towards me as well, and I could tell from his expression that he knew I was going to start asking questions.
“So, I know you don’t want to talk about everything that happened. I can accept that. What I can’t, is how much you changed after that day at your mom’s house,” I looked away, and let myself think about how I was going to say the rest of my sentence. I swallowed, and decided that I needed to know. “Alice told me you cheated on her and that’s why things ended between the two of you. I guess, I just want to know if you and Alice still were hooking up and all while we were together.”
I felt his body tense, and then relax when he took my chin in his hand and made me look at him. He leaned in and kissed the side of my mouth before letting go. I kept my eyes on him. He sighed and then took a deep breath.
“Jo, I never cheated on Alice in high school. She took a liking to my older brother, and was hooking up with him behind my back. I didn’t really care ‘cause all we had was a little fling, so I said we should just stay friends. I haven’t been with her like that since high school. We are strictly friends.” He leaned in and kissed my lips softly. “I wouldn’t do that to you, love. I’ve had a taste of Josie, and everything else is too bland to compare.” 
Blake gave me a smirk before running his nose into my hair and breathing me in. It was sweet, and romantic for him to say that to me. He may have me bewitched, but I wasn’t quite finished yet. 
“What about the bruises? And why were you always with Alice? I wanted to be there for you, and you acted like she was the only one who could help you.” I was still smarting over that. I wanted to be the one that he could turn to. He pulled back and tucked some of my hair behind my ear.
“Alice’s dad owns an underground gym where people like me can go and get some fighting in. It’s right next to their house, and I went there to let off some steam. I could beat the shit out of guys to get out some of my anger, I guess. I don’t really know how to explain it, but it helped. Or at least I thought it did. I still lost you, so I don’t really think that’d be considered helping.”
I didn’t really know if it helped or not. It made sense. I could completely understand needing an outlet to help focus better. I also understood the need to get out anger and hurt through exercise or in his case, fighting. 
“I get it Blake,” I said and leaned into his chest. “I just wish you would have let me help. You could have gone to some of my classes with me.”
“I could have, but then I would have had to kick your butt, and I didn’t want to hurt your feelings,” he joked. “I really am sorry, Jo. I didn’t feel like I deserved you, so I tried to stay away.”
“You’re the only person I want, Blake,” I admitted.
*             *             *
When night came, Blake stayed with me in my bed, and talked to me late into the night.
“I loved those books,” I said turning into him. “I waited anxiously every week for a new one to pop up. It gave me so much to look forward to, and some of them really helped whenever I was having a shitty week.”
He stroked my hair and kissed the top of my head. “That’s what I was hoping for. I love you so much. I don’t want to lose you again. We’ll get through whatever shit happens from now on.” He grabbed my chin and made me look at him. He kissed me once, and then pulled back to look at me intently.
“That’s a fucking promise, Josie.” 
 
Chapter 28
April 2 years earlier
“I got into a gallery to show some of my photography!” Seth barged into our apartment and announced loudly to me.
It was just me and Brooke in the living room, but you would have thought there was a full blown party raging from how loud he announced his news. 
“Holy shit! Seth! That’s awesome,” I shrieked, jumping off of the couch to run to him. He picked me up and spun me around. This was huge for him. It could mean a lot of things for his career, after graduation next month. He put me down after a few turns, and I couldn’t help myself from doing a little happy dance for him.
“Where? When? What are you going to show?” I asked in between happy dancing. Seth’s smile lit up his whole face. 
We both had fallen back into our roles as friends easily, and didn’t talk about what had happened before school started ever again. At first, he had kept his distance, but it seemed like our self-defense classes always helped us get back onto good terms. I guess forcing us to be close together and relate on a common issue was beneficial to our friendship. When he found out Blake and I had gotten back together, I didn’t hear from him for a week, but he came back around eventually, never explaining his distance. 
I didn’t think he disliked Blake, but I could tell that they weren’t going to be the best of friends either. Seth and Brandon seemed to hit it off really well though. Brooke and Brandon had become inseparable in the last few months. They were officially a couple, and they made it known everywhere. The kitchen. The living room. The bathroom. The balcony. I even caught them going at it in my bedroom once. They said they were looking for a book and got distracted. I just rolled my eyes and kicked them out. 
“Well, it’s right before graduation. Like, the weekend before. My professor got me a chance to show for one night at Artspace. He said there could be potential offers for more work if I do it. People are going to see my work, Pussy Cat!” he exclaimed, picking me up again. When he put me down, he wrapped me in a big hug and placed excited kisses all over my face. I laughed at his silly behavior, but stopped when I turned and saw someone I didn’t hear come in.
Apparently in the excitement, I didn’t hear Blake and Brandon walk into the apartment, and therefore didn’t think to stop Seth from kissing me like that in front of them. Blake’s face was stormy, but I didn’t understand why. He knew Seth was my best friend, and he had no reason to be upset. Except maybe if he knew about the two of us, but there was no way he did. 
“Hey baby,” I said and walked out of Seth’s hold on me and over to him. Blake kept his eyes hard and dangerous on Seth until I wrapped my small body around his. “Seth was just telling us that he got a spot in a gallery showing in a couple weeks.” 
I had hoped my explanation of our behavior would help the situation, but everyone could feel the tension in the air. Seth’s mood did a one-eighty, looking pissed and hurt. It was some kind of telepathic war going on between them. I was in the middle. I turned Blake as hard as I could so that he would focus on me.
“What’s wrong?” I whispered. He looked down on me and his eyes softened at my worried expression. He seemed to shake off any anger that he may have had.
“Nothing, love. That’s great news.” He wrapped a possessive arm around me, and looked back at Seth. “Congrats, man.” Seth gave him a curt nod, and then got run over by Brandon giving him a tackle-like man hug. 
“Yeah, dude! That’s sweet. Can’t wait to see that. You should show some of those sexy pictures you take of those hot women. I’d buy one of them,” he said with a laugh. The laugh died in his throat when Brooke came up to him and wacked him across the head. 
We went the rest of the night without any more awkward male hormonal eye fighting, and had a good time celebrating Seth’s new journey. Brooke and I decided we could put a hold on our studies for one night, and drank with everyone else. 
We had our own little party inside of the apartment. I drank way too much, and had to pee for like the fourth time in that hour. I went to the bathroom, the room spinning as soon as I closed the door. A trip to the bathroom seemed to always reveal how drunk I actually was. When I walked out, I ran into Seth. 
“Hey yoooouuuu…. Rockstar,” I slurred to him. He laughed and held me steady. 
“Watch it Pussy Cat, you look like you might black out any second.”
“I’ve got walls to help support me. No need to worry,” I said, raising my chin as if I had made a perfectly valid argument. I started to walk away, but he grabbed my elbow and pulled me back. I felt sick. That was not the right movement. I braced myself against him, using his shoulders to balance, then looked up at him. He was smiling down at me, and let me use him to help me keep my balance. 
“I’ll walk you back out there,” he said. “I need to ask you something first.”
“Okayyyy… go ahead, ask away.” 
“I was hoping I could use those pictures we took together last summer, in the showcase,” he said. I had not expected him to say that, but my mind was too foggy to fully comprehend his question. I tilted my head and just stared at him.
“I’ve edited them, and no one will be able to tell it’s you. They may be able to tell it’s me from the tattoos, but they definitely won’t know it’s you,” he said trying to convince me. I thought about it for a few seconds and decided in my drunken state that it shouldn’t be that big of a deal for him to show them at the gallery. If no one would know, then what was the big deal?
“Okay,” I said with a shrug. “As long as no one knows it’s me.” He helped me back into the living room, where Blake took over the duty of taking care of wasted Josie. I fell asleep with a smile thinking about how great of a night it had been with the people I loved most in the world. 
*             *             *
I was coming up on closing the chapter of my college career, and I was feeling nervous and excited. I had been able to secure a job with the school that I did my student teaching for, and I was excited about having such a great opportunity right out of college. I started looking into getting my Master’s degree, so I could quickly move forward with following my new dreams of being a school guidance counselor. Seth, Brooke, and I all finished our finals for the year, and felt a huge wave of relief knowing that we were finished with school.
It was the weekend of Seth’s gallery showing, and we were all anxious to see what he had chosen to put in the showcase. He kept pretty mum about what he would be showing, so I didn’t know if he was going to show off his exhibitionist side, or his naturalistic side. 
I dressed in a black baby doll dress with black heels, and smoky eye makeup. I was feeling really good about myself. Blake came up behind me, always looking handsome in black slacks and black dress shirt. He looked incredible in anything, but he looked downright delicious in that moment. He wrapped his arms around me as I finished playing with my hair in the mirror.
“You look unbelievable, Jo,” he said, and nuzzled his head into the crook of my neck. I put my head to the side so I could enjoy the feeling of his lips grazing my skin. He pressed himself into my back, and I instantly believed that he thought I looked good that night, because I felt how hard he was for me.
“Mmmm…” I moaned, and grinded against his hard on. “You look fairly handsome too, if I do say so myself.”  He laughed into my neck, continuing to make motions with his tongue against my skin. I moaned again. His tongue did amazing things to my body. I turned around and pressed up against him. I knew we didn’t have much time before we had to leave, but I was going to pleasure him before we did. 
I moved my hands down to his erection and rubbed it through his pants. He groaned and tilted his head back so it hit the wall. I loved watching him react to me. It made me want to do more to him. I carefully went to my knees in from of him, and unzipped his pants. 
“We gotta go, Jo,” he said, when he looked down at me understanding what I intended to do to him. I just shrugged and continued to take him out of his boxers. 
I looked up at him one more time before I wrapped my mouth around him. He let out a loud moan and closed his eyes. He was too big to fit all of him in my mouth, but I tried to get as much of him in as I could. I used my other hand to move up and down as I licked and sucked on him. I tried to hollow out my throat so I could take him deeper, and knew I succeeded when he started saying “oh my god.” His moans and breathing were all encouragement for me to continue. I could feel him throbbing in my mouth, and it made me suck him even harder. He tasted so good, clean and soft. I wanted him to come in my mouth, and he knew it, so he didn’t try to move me when he finally did. I felt his hot come in the back of my throat, and although slightly unpleasant, it didn’t matter because it was so sexy to have made him come.
“You’re so fucking sexy, Josie,” he said when I was done licking him clean. There were red lipstick marks all over his dick, but he didn’t care. He smiled at me and stood me up so he could kiss me. I let him do it briefly before I decided to brush my teeth again before I left. I loved him, but it only seemed appropriate to brush my teeth before going to a show and talking to a bunch of people. 
We pulled up to Artspace, and I started getting excited again to see Seth’s work. I was so proud of him, and couldn’t wait to see him. When we walked in, we were directed to the portion of the gallery that was showcasing Seth’s work. Seth was standing there talking to a group of people, and I couldn’t help but smile. He was already getting recognition, if not for his work, then for his looks. 
Blake and I walked towards him, and I immediately pulled him in for a hug. “I’m so proud of you Seth!” He kissed my forehead, and murmured a thank you. When I pulled out from his hug, I looked for Blake, and noticed that he was talking with Brandon. It seemed like they were having an intense conversation, so I decided to ask Seth to take me to see his work. 
“Okay, Seth. Show me your masterpieces… I promise not to tell you if I hate them,” I said with a wink and smile. He smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. He looked a little worried and glanced in the direction of Blake and Brandon before he grabbed my hand and took me to his pictures. It was right around the corner, and all of his black and white prints filled the wall.
At first I wasn’t sure what I was looking at. I knew it was entangled bodies, but I didn’t realize that I was looking at the intimate moments between Seth and me. I gasped when I recognized the pictures from our time together, smile dropping from my face immediately. My hand went to my mouth, and I could feel my heart racing. Blake, I thought. Please don’t let there be any way for him to recognize me, I pleaded with the universe. I knew that it was a longshot. Blake knew me. He would know. 
The first picture was cropped so that the viewer could see Seth’s body over mine. My hair covered my breast and half of my face was covered by Seth’s profile since he was licking my neck. My hands were in Seth’s hair grabbing onto him while he kissed my neck. 
The second picture was just a simple one that had my chest crushed against his. My breasts were flattened against his, and Seth’s tattoos showed in the picture, but there was no way to really know it was me. 
The third picture had Seth back at my neck, but my hands were then on his shoulders. The viewer could tell that I was into the moment, because my grip was clearly needy.
The next picture had cropped the top half of my face, only showing the gasp I made from my orgasm. It showed Seth’s hand on my breast, and had him looking down at me while I came. 
The fifth picture showed Seth’s back. The only parts of me that were seen were my hands clawing down his back, and my legs wrapped around him. It was an extremely sexy picture, and I couldn’t help but admire the beauty in it. 
The sixth picture was another side shot, but it was when I had climbed on top of him. The viewer could tell that it was an intimate moment even though my hair covered my breast and profile, because we were both looking at each other intently. There was no way the viewer couldn’t tell it was Seth in this picture. His hands were gripping my hips while I had started to ride him. It was beautiful.
The next picture was equally sexy. It was the second orgasm I had. My hair cascaded down my back and my hands were clawing at Seth’s chest. His hands were splayed on my back. I don’t know how, but the angle of the picture was able to capture the corner of the view, so my hair and back showed, but my face was completely covered. The viewer could see very clearly the ecstasy that I felt in that moment.
The last picture was a side shot, and it was so intimate and beautiful that I almost teared up seeing it. Seth’s hands cupped my face, and looked so lost in me. Our skin glistened in the shot, and it added an extra compelling element to the piece. It was the moment that he came and told me he loved me. It was clear in the picture exactly what he felt. 
There was one glaringly obvious focal point in a couple of the pictures that would give me away. I didn’t know if Seth did it on purpose, but I was extremely hurt that he would put such personal pictures on display for everyone to see. Especially where Blake could see. My anger boiled, and I didn’t know whether I should run to Blake and make sure that he didn’t come over to view the pictures, or if I should have it out with Seth in that moment. 
I glared at Seth so hard, I thought I could kill him with that look. 
“How could you?” I whispered harshly to him. He started to open his mouth to reply, but I didn’t want to hear it, and I needed to make sure Blake didn’t come over to the pictures. I had no doubt in my mind that he would know in an instant that it was me with Seth in those pictures. I turned abruptly to run over to him, but I was stopped by a human blockade. 
Blake was already behind me, and his face was stony as he stared at each of the pictures. He was working his jaw, which was a clear indicator that he knew what he was looking at. He was looking at the girl he thought he loved having sex with another guy. And not only that, but he knew I lied to him multiple times, because it was with Seth, the person who was supposed to be my best friend. 
He looked down on me, and I could see the hurt in his eyes. There was no way that he missed what was going on. I started to reach for him, but he turned away, and walked out of the building. I had just gotten him back six months ago, and then lost him again all because I decided that lying would be better than telling the truth. I knew I had to go after him, so I started to run as best as I could in the heels that I had decided to wear. Seth tried to grab my arm before I started running, but I swung back at him and glared.
“Get the fuck off of me Seth. This is all your fault,” I practically growled at him. He let go immediately, looking hurt and upset. I didn’t care, and I continued after Blake. I ran outside, and looked around the parking lot in search of him. He was leaning against his car, hands in his pocket, and head down. 
I slowed when I saw him. I could feel the hurt radiating off him from the other side of the parking lot. He needed to understand that I never did it when we were together, so I pulled myself together and walked over to him like the strong woman I was. 
“I keep trying to think that there has to be some way that it isn’t you in those pictures,” he said when he heard me walk up to him. He looked up and stared at me. Hurt, betrayal, and anger all displayed on his perfectly sculpted face. “But there’s no other way, is there, Josie?” 
I shook my head. There was no denying that it was me in the picture.
“You had to wear my fucking ring, Josie? While you fucked some other guy? No… not some other fucking guy. Your best friend. The one you told me repeatedly, nothing was going on with,” he said, raising his voice with each word.
“Blake-,” I started, but was interrupted.
“Oh! And it didn’t just end there, you had to make a fucking scrapbook out of your endeavors! What the fuck, Josie!?” he said loudly.
“Blake! We weren’t together then! It was over the summer before school started,” I tried explaining. I walked closer to him, but he crossed his arms over his chest effectively closing me out of getting closer to him. “Just give me a minute to explain, okay?”
He looked at me for what felt like forever, before he nodded slightly and ducked his head. 
“I told you how I didn’t talk for like a year after I was raped, right? Well, Seth helped bring me back out of that dark place. He’s always been there for me. The summer before I started school here, I asked him to take me to some parties so I could start getting more comfortable around people. One night he danced with me, and it was different. Something changed. I had this view of sex as something terrible, but in those few moments, I felt excited and good. I wanted more of it, so I asked him to give me more. 
“I asked him to show me how it felt to be wanted and to have sex that isn’t terrible. So the rest of the summer, he did. I fell for him and was ready to tell him that my feelings had changed, but caught him getting head from some girl. I knew he didn’t feel the same way, and then he told me he thought we should stop before school started.  So, I got over it. We stayed friends, and then I met you. 
“You became my life, Blake. Nothing about that was a lie. Seth and I always kept our thing a secret. Our parents didn’t even know. It was kind of an unspoken agreement that we didn’t talk about it to anyone. That’s why I never told you. And I really didn’t think there was anything going on with us. We were still best friends. I fell in love with you. What I felt and feel for you… there’s no comparison. When you didn’t fight for me and kept pushing me away, I was left heartbroken.” I sighed and leaned against the car, hanging my head.
“I was extremely depressed and lonely over the summer. A couple weeks before school, I knew there was one person who could take my mind off of the loneliness I felt. He’s my best friend, Blake. I would do anything for him, and he would do anything for me. I took advantage of that, and for two weeks I tried to forget. It didn’t really help, but in a way it did. You left me, Blake. I was alone, and Seth was there for me. I’m sorry I lied to you, but I didn’t want the fact that I had slept with someone else to ruin whatever chance I had of reconciliation with you.” 
I was a little winded after telling him my reasons, and also felt a little dejected. He still hadn’t looked up at me, and I was starting to lose hope in my defense. When he finally lifted his head, the first thing I noticed was that his anger was gone. Unfortunately, I could see disappointment in his features, and that stabbed my heart a little more. I heard him sigh once, and then drop his arms. 
“I just need some time to think, okay? I’m not leaving you, or trying to push you away, Jo, but I need some time to think about all of this. You lied to me. Since I met you, you’ve lied to me. I need to think.” I nodded, understanding that he needed to think. I didn’t want him to take time, but I could understand and respect it. 
“Okay, Blake. Just… please know that I love you. And I’m so so sorry,” I said softly into the night. Blake came to me and pulled me in for a quick hug. He kissed the top of my head lightly. It may have been the simplest touch, but it made me fall even more in love with him. He wasn’t letting me go yet.
“I’ll take you back, if you want?” I knew he needed space, so I knew he was only asking to be a gentleman. 
“I’ll get a ride with Brooke and Brandon,” I said. He nodded, and got in his car to leave. I stood there for five minutes before I walked back towards the building. I didn’t know what was going to happen, but I knew that the thought of losing him again terrified me. 
 
Chapter 29
 
I was on a fucking mission. 
I needed to find Seth and beat his ass harder than I could in any of our training classes. No padded suit for you today, buddy, I thought. I contemplated going back into the building or waiting for him to come out. I may have disliked him immensely in that moment, but I didn’t want to ruin his chance to be well known. 
Wait, that’s not entirely true. A part of me wanted to barge in there and pull down every one of those pictures. How could he think it would be okay with me to make a name for himself by using sexual pictures of us? And not even tell me?
I decided to go back in. I didn’t care about his stupid career, he shouldn’t have done that. I walked towards the doors, but stopped when it swung open. Seth must have known that I was about to kill him, because he put his arms up in a surrender kind of motion, and backed away from me. 
“How could you?!” I yelled at him. He nodded his head so that we could move away from the people who were outside smoking, and I followed him even though I didn’t really care what the other people thought. He pulled me to the side of the building, and there was only a street light illuminating the space. I put my hands on my hips and glared at him as he leaned against the building. 
“Pussy Cat, I asked you if I could put those pictures up. I asked you that night I told you that I was offered a spot in the gallery. I-,” I cut him off. I racked my brain to that night a few weeks ago, and remembered that I was drunk that night. I didn’t remember anything from that night.
“You what?! You asked me when I was wasted? How can you actually think that I was coherent enough to be able to give you a legit response?” I yelled at him, and shoved him against the wall. 
“Jos-,” he started to plead with me. 
“No, Seth! It was clearly me in the pictures. You had to know that everyone would have found out!”
“Jos, I’m telling you. I edited them so they wouldn’t show you. I really didn’t think anyone would be able to tell,” he said. I could see the sincerity in his blue green eyes, but it didn’t change the fact that Blake found out. I stepped back and sighed anger starting to calm.
“The ring,” I whispered to him, looking down the alley and holding my right hand up to him. “The ring gave it away. Blake custom designed it for me.”
I could see the slight surprise in his eyes when I turned to face him, before he leaned his head back against the wall and sighed. I knew I should never have lied to Blake about what had happened between Seth and me, but I couldn’t just act like what Seth did was okay. He could have potentially ruined my relationship with Blake, and more than that he used a weak moment to get me to agree to let him show personal pictures of me. 
But then again, it was my stupid fault for agreeing to have pictures taken in the first place. I guess it was easier to blame him for my stupidity, because I didn’t let him off the hook. 
“I’m sorry, Jos,” Seth said, when he opened his eyes to look at me. 
“He left, Seth. I may not have been honest with him, but you just let everyone in the fucking world know that I slept with you and thought it would be okay to have a sick keepsake from it.” I saw anger starting to cloud Seth’s eyes as he listened to me finish my outburst. He slanted his eyes at me and leaned forward.
“You think what we did and had together was sick, Josie? Because I am pretty sure those pictures captured every fucking ounce of pure pleasure the both of us felt while we were together.” He walked towards me, and I took a step back. He pointed at me and continued his pursuit. “I’m sorry I used a weak moment of yours to ask for permission to show them, but I sure as hell won’t stand here and pretend that what we did was disgusting. That’s a fucking insult to me and your own integrity.”
I was angry. He didn’t understand that I was angry because this could be the end of my relationship with Blake. He didn’t understand that I didn’t want someone to own a picture of me having sex. It really had never been on my bucket list to become a nude model. 
“And as for Blake, Jos,” he said as he came within an inch of me. “If he wants to leave you here over that, then he isn’t worth your time. If he can’t get over this one thing you did ‘wrong’ after you put up with all of his shit, then I’m fucking glad he left.” He paused, looked me deep in the eyes, and then continued, “I hope you don’t take him back either, Jos, because you could do so much better than him.” His voice had dropped on the last part of his sentence as he leaned in and spoke next to my ear. 
I pushed him away from me and glared at him. “Who’s better, Seth? You? You think I would want to be with you after all of this shit tonight? You had your shot with me, and you wanted to see other people!” I was so infuriated that he would insinuate that he could be better for me than Blake. I got over him! He didn’t want me, and it wasn’t fair for him to play with my emotions like that.
He had seemed angry with me, but his eyes softened at the last bit of information that came out of my stupid mouth. Why in the world would I tell him that? I chastised myself. 
“I always wanted you, Josie. Always.” He came up to me and grabbed my chin so that I was looking at him in the eyes. I was overwhelmed with emotion: sadness, worry, sorrow, loss, confusion, guilt, love. I tried to look away from him, but he kept me firmly in place. He wrapped his other arm around my waist and pulled me against him. He brought his lips closer to mine, and placed them so very gently against mine. He looked back up at me, and I was too shocked to do or say anything, so he brought his lips back down to mine, only with a lot more force. 
I could feel the raw emotion and passion emanating from him in that kiss. He always was able to make me feel like I was the only girl in the world in just one kiss. His lips could do what no other had ever been able to do. While it felt amazing and made my heart race, it wasn’t right, and I knew I needed to stop it before it went any further. I pushed on him as hard as I could, until I was able to get him off of my lips. 
“I can’t… we can’t do this, Seth! What the hell are you thinking? I am madly in love with Blake!” 
“You want to go back to him after he left you here? He threw a fit about something that could have been explained easily! You didn’t do anything wrong Josie; he should never have left.” He ran his hands through his hair, and came back towards me. “I am madly in love with you, Josie. It makes me sick to see you keep going back to him, when I know I can give you everything in this fucking world. I would go to the ends of the fucking earth to make you mine, and keep you there.”
Shock ran through my veins, and my breathing was short. I could feel the anxiety attack building inside of my chest. My breathing was rapid from trying to catch a full breath, and my chest started to feel as if weights were pressing against it. I walked over to the wall, dodging Seth’s advance, and sat down pulling my head in between my legs as I rocked back and forth. How can he do this? He can’t be saying this right now! I knew that I didn’t want to lose my best friend, but I also knew that this moment was going to change something between us. I could either accept his offer and lose Blake, or hurt my best friend immensely and keep Blake. 
“Why, Seth? Why are you saying this now? I moved on,” I looked up at him, and I knew my face screamed sorrow, because he cringed when he saw me. “I was falling for you and then I saw you getting a blow job at that party. I was going to tell you how I was feeling until I saw you. Even then, you beat me to it when you told me you wanted to stop seeing me. Then I met Blake…” The last part didn’t need any further explanation. It was clear what I meant. He let go of me, and then I found someone who reciprocated my feelings. 
“I did it to forget about you, Pussy Cat,” he said and knelt in front of me. “I remember what you’re talking about, and all I could think about was you. I was trying to get you out of my head. You were gone on vacation and I couldn’t stop fucking thinking about you. All I knew was that you were my best friend and I fell in love with you. I didn’t think you felt anything for me, and I thought with school starting you would like an easy out. I fell in love with you that summer, Jos.” 
His hand came out and brushed a piece of hair behind my ear. “I had hoped you would realize what we had together, but you never came around. I lost you the night you met Blake.”
“He’s it for me Seth…” I said to him softly. 
“So you’re going to take him back then, Jos?” He glared at me as he asked me the question.
“He had every right to be mad at me, Seth. I lied to him ever since we started dating about you and me. But yes, I will not end our relationship. He never said it was over, he just said he needed to think,” I said to him, but he had already bolted up and was walking away from me. 
“Fuck!” He yelled into the night, pulling at his blonde hair in agitation. “Fuck it, Josie! I just poured my fucking heart out to you!”
I got up, guilt and sadness overpowering my emotions. “Seth-,”
“No! Don’t fucking come near me. You don’t feel anything anymore, Jos? It just disappeared?”
“I love Blake…” I responded quietly.
“So what… last summer was just a way to get him out of your fucking mind? And now you think it’s disgusting? 
“Please S-,”
“Just stop, Josie! Just fucking stop! You used me and I was in fucking love with you and let you. I was so stupid to think that someone as perfect as you could fall for me. But it didn’t stop me from trying.”
“I didn’t think it was disgusting Seth, and I didn’t use you!”
“Then why did you do it, Josie? Why did you come back the second time?” he said angrily, coming up to me.
I took a moment to absorb the question. I knew that this question had a couple answers that I could have replied with. Did I do it for attention? For affection? To get over Blake? To feel something other than sadness? All of those answers were a yes, but why did I do it to him? 
“Because I knew you wouldn’t say no to me…,” I said finally, my voice low with guilt.
 His shoulders slumped as the weight of my words pressed down onto him. I did use him, and I had never, until that moment, realized how bad it was for me to do that to him. I didn’t regret anything that happened with him, because I loved him, but I did regret not thinking about how it was a terrible thing to do to him. Seth nodded before lifting his chin and glaring at me. 
“Well good luck with your asshole boyfriend, Josie. I had hoped you would realize that it was me you were supposed to be with, but I see that it’s useless now.”
He was about to leave, and anxiousness filled me and tears started to fill my once dry and empty eyes. I couldn’t imagine losing my best friend, and I could feel him slipping from me. 
“I’m so sorry Seth. I-,” I started and reached out for him, but was cut off again by the anger in Seth’s voice, slicing my heart into pieces.
“Don’t fucking say you’re sorry, Josie. You used me! You knew that I would do anything for you and you used that so that you could…what? Stop thinking about Blake? Compare me to Blake? It doesn’t fucking matter anymore.”
The last part of his statement scared me, because I could feel the finality in the sentence. “What do you mean it doesn’t matter?”
“It means, Pussy Cat, that I’m fucking done. I’m done. You think what we had was sick, and I thought it was the best thing to happen to me. So, I’m done.”
He came to me and looked me straight in my tear filled eyes, and all I could see was loathing in his eyes. He really was done, and made it clear in that one look. When he spoke, his voice was low and filled with hurt, anger, detestation, and sadness. 
“I wish I had never let you kiss me that first night,” he paused, his eyes filling with resentment, “…because then I wouldn’t have been doomed to fall in love with a callous and heartless bitch.”
Each word he spat at me felt like a stab into my stomach and chest. I felt sick as I listened to him. I watched him walk away from me and my life in a daze. Our relationship would never be the same. 
 
Chapter 30
Friday Present
That moment was the start of my life plan going off course. 
That’s not entirely true. If that ugly man had never touched me, then Seth’s and my friendship would still be intact. I would never have had any reason to fear intimacy, and we would never have tried to change anything in our relationship. I just didn’t realize how much that one thing could fuck up the course of the rest of my life. 
I had worked so hard for days, months, and then years to get over being raped, but the truth is, that it will never leave me. It will never go away. I will always have the demon of sexual aggression digging its claws into my skin and reaching into my soul. I am scarred. 
I’m in the shower remembering that pivotal moment in my life, and trying my hardest to rinse off the grime, guilt, and pain that is still clinging to my skin. I just got back from school, and on my drive, I couldn’t get Seth out of my head. I wanted to talk to him. To tell him about losing Daddy and try to fix our friendship, but I still can’t seem to gather the courage to talk to him. 
He kept his distance from me after that dreadful night, and I fell into a depression over losing my best friend. I don’t know how Blake knew, but not fifteen minutes after Seth left me crying on the side of the building, he came and found me. He whispered in my ear as he picked me up in his strong arms and carried me to his car. I don’t remember what he said, because I was in my own depressive state, but I know he was comforting me. I felt a sort of peace as he took me in his arms. Things were not okay, but knowing he had come back for me was all I needed. 
I made it through graduation and most of the summer without hearing anything from Seth. Blake apologized for leaving, and proceeded to tell me that he wasn’t upset or angry about what happened. He supported me and trusted me that it was over. 
No matter how many times I snapped at him that summer, or how many times I shut him out because I was mourning the loss of my best friend, he never gave up and never left me to deal with it on my own. He continually showed me how he was there for me, and gave me the courage and strength to get through what happened. I was a strong woman, and I just had to pull myself out of the rut. It helped having people who loved me around, but I will always be proud of my own strength for surviving another blow in my life. 
As I put on my clothes, I resolve that during the weekend I will write an email to Seth and let him know, from me, about my Daddy’s passing. I call my dad and make sure that he is doing okay and isn’t starving himself to death. He’s sad and a little withdrawn, but he answered his phone, and that’s a start. 
Blake and I are going to go to the festival that the park is having tonight. Every year it seems to get better and better, and we both are excited to go out and do something fun together. 
We had a good night last night after we both let go of our frustrations. He accepted the fact that I wanted to wait to talk, and I was grateful to him for that. A smile tugs at the corner of my lips as I slide a white eyelet dress over my body. It’s short and a little revealing, but it’s pretty and still looks appropriate. The back is low, so it’s sweet and sexy at the same time. I flip my hair over, so I can blow dry it into soft waves that will fall down my back. 
I want to look irresistible to Blake tonight. He and I are going to talk about our problems, and I want to make sure there’s enough leg showing to distract him in case things don’t go well. I know that it is probably irrelevant, but… well, he’s a guy, so it might distract him.
As I am slipping on my ballet flats, I hear a knock at the door. I sigh softly under my breath because he never used to knock when he practically lived here. I always used to chide him for not knocking since it was never technically his place, but I was just teasing him. This apartment was our home, and that knock at the door is a sad reminder that things aren’t the same. 
It’s better than no knock or no Blake entering my house unannounced though, so I don’t let it get me upset. I open the door with a big grin, and take in the handsome man in front of me. He looks edible in snug dark jeans and dark grey t-shirt. I seriously want to lick his whole body right in the middle of the hallway in my apartment complex. His lips curve into a sexy sly smile as if he knows exactly where my thoughts have gone. 
I simply return the smirk, tilt my head slightly, and give a small shrug. I start to turn to lead us into the apartment, but Blake’s arm shoots out and grabs me to pull me into his embrace. He nuzzles my neck, and I sigh at the simple intimate gesture.
“I don’t mind if you ogle me, love, just don’t be pissed when I am only staring at your legs tonight,” he says with a smile in his voice. I shove him playfully and he laughs at me. His arms expand in mock confusion and I put my hands on my hips, giving him my best fake glare. It doesn’t help that I am smiling while I do it, so it is not so surprising when he laughs again while watching me.         
“Oh come on, look at them in that dress!” He gives me a wink, steps towards me, and plants a kiss on my cheek. “You look gorgeous, as always.” 
“Thanks. You look alright… shouldn’t embarrass me too much,” I say critically. He chuckles at my lie, and shakes his head. 
Blake leans against the wall as I go to make sure I have everything that I might need in my purse. When I am ready, he grabs my hand and walks us down to his car. Ever the gentleman, he opens my car door for me, but before I get in his hand slides up my thigh and under my dress briefly. My insides clench at the simple sensual touch. His hand is gone all too soon, and I am left getting into the car with wobbly legs. Goose bumps cover my arms so I try to rub them before he sits in the car next to me, but I hear him laugh under his breath as he climbs into his seat. 
Cocky fucker, I think to myself. I determine that I will not let him affect me so much again for the rest of the night, but I could feel my insides and the universe around me laughing at the absurdity of the thought. There is no way that I will be immune to the advances of Blake Porter. Asshole. 
We pull into Seneca Park, and the place looks incredible. It seems that the Illuminate Festival has been getting more publicity, because the lots are filled with cars. I remember the first year it started, and the only people who turned up were the locals. 
Blake takes my hand as we enter the festival. There are booths along the walkway, where people can sell or hand out their homemade crafts, artwork, church merchandise, community information and many other things. Everyone has a smile on their face, and everyone who enters the atmosphere can’t help but feel the thrill and excitement in the air. It’s going to be a good night. I can feel it. 
The days are longer this time of year, so it’s still nice and sunny even at six o’clock. Dusk will fall around eight o’clock, and that’s about when the park will turn into a wonderland of soft illumination. Blake and I take our time going through the booths. 
We find a couple of new cheese spreads we want to try and some exquisite handmade jewelry. When we reach a booth that is covered with black and pink decorations, I am automatically drawn into it. I soon find various adult goodies when I walk into the booth. Blake, being the ever mature man that he is, takes the vibrator that I am looking at out of my hands and puts it on the opposite side of the tent. 
“You will absolutely not be needing that, love,” he says to me and tries to pull me out of the booth. I am laughing loudly, because the expression on his face when he saw me pick up that intense looking vibrator was priceless. 
“Wait! I’m not done, Blake,” I say loudly, laughing and trying to pull out of his grasp. I manage to escape and go back into the tent to pick up a strap-on that’s laying on one of the tables. I look at it in mock seriousness and tilt my head as if inspecting it for personal use. I can’t keep a straight face though, when Blake stands nearby and glares at me while I look. I start cracking up laughing again, as he comes towards me and picks me up to put me over his shoulder. 
I scream out as he lifts me, knowing my ass is about to show to the world, but he shushes me and covers my butt so it’s not showing. 
“Put me down, Neanderthal!” I shout, banging on his back.
“You’re the one banging on my back! I’ll put you down when I think you’ve learned your lesson.”
I can’t stop the giggles that escape me while he walks me down the strip where the other festivities reside. He swats my butt, but it just makes me giggle more. People turn their heads as we walk by, and I just smile and give them a small wave as we pass by. 
“I’m going to move my arm so your ass shows to everyone, if you don’t stop,” he says. 
“No you won’t! I’m wearing a thong,” I say knowing he wouldn’t want anyone to see me like that. His hand slips up my thigh and onto my ass until he realizes that I am indeed bare. I hear him moan before he pulls me back down to the earth. We stand chest to chest and stare at each other. I pull my lips in between my teeth, trying not to smile. I definitely won that round. 
Bake’s hand reaches out and fixes some of my wayward hair. “Wipe that smile from your face, Miss,” he says and pulls my hand, tugging me along. I laugh one last time and continue my walk with him. 
“You should have seen your face, Blake,” I say with one last chuckle. He puts his arm around me and laughs with me. 
We walk towards the lake and enough time has passed that we can start to see the beginnings of the pretty lights that will be displayed. Around the lake, there are paper bags with LED flameless tea lights, which will look gorgeous when the sun goes down completely. On the pavilion they have built a stage that will house the musical entertainment for the night. The stage looks better this year, and I know that the music will probably be better as well. On the side, before the walkway in the trees, there is a Ferris wheel, carousal, rapid slide, swings, spinning strawberries, and some inflatables. 
There are also booths for fried junk food, cotton candy, and other very unhealthy foods. Perfection. I love festivals. 
“I want a fried Oreo!” I shout louder than I probably should have, when we were about to pass the stand. Blake laughs and shakes his head. 
“So gross,” he says, but goes to the stand anyway. 
“No way, Blake! They are delish!” I am so giddy at the thought of having this small piece of heavenly death, and am bouncing on the balls of my feet. Blake keeps looking at me while we wait in the line and laughing as he watches me act like a child. He starts to order only one fired Oreo but I, being the sweet and loving woman that I am, ask for two, because I know he needs some unhealthy goodness in that sexy perfect body of his. 
“Gotta try it babe,” I say to him as we walk away and find a picnic table to sit and eat the Oreo. He smiles as we sit and takes a few moments to stare at me before he takes a bite of his treat. I am already halfway through mine, by the time he puts his in his mouth. These are perfect deep fried Oreos, when the filling is melted but not liquid, the cookie is soft but not falling apart so there is still a small crunch, and the funnel cake-like fried batter fried just right. I see him close his eyes as he takes his bite and know I’ve won him over in this battle. 
“Man, I should have bought like ten more of these,” he says when he opens his eyes and stuffs the rest of the treat in his mouth. I laugh at him.
“We have to make room for funnel cake and cotton candy, so wait until we get those things into your stomach first.” 
We spend most of our time going to each junk food stand at the festival trying delicious and disgusting new things. The music starts as darkness starts to fall, and the park is illuminated with soft lights from the lakeside tea lights, the hanging paper lanterns, and twinkle lights. Couples start to gather in front of the stage and start dancing to the music.
I like to watch couples dance, because it’s always sweet and surprising to see some of them together. Old couples that have been together for years, who are madly in love. New couples who can’t take their hands off of each other. The odd looking couple who you don’t expect to see together, but are so cute dancing together. Even the ones that have seen better days in their relationship, are interesting to watch. 
Blake leaves the table to get some water, so I’m watching the band and dancers. A song that I love starts to play, and I get a little excited. I don’t hear it often, but I have always loved it. Red Jumpsuit Apparatus’s Your Guardian Angel plays, and the dancers start swaying with their partners. I get up because I can’t resist the pull of the song to my soul. 
I close my eyes and let the music sway my body. I probably look ridiculous to the others watching, but I don’t mind because it’s such a beautiful song. Not too long after the song begins, I feel familiar arms slide around my body. I recognize Blake’s smell of rain and citrus immediately, so there’s no fear in his touch. 
He leans his head into my neck and places his lips to my ear. In a husky deep voice, he starts to sing the song to me. 
Seasons are changing
And waves are crashing
And stars are falling all for us
Days grow longer and nights grow shorter
I can show you I’ll be the one
I will never let you fall
I’ll stand up with you forever
I’ll be there for you through it all
Even if saving you sends me to heaven
I’ve heard Blake sing before and he isn’t that great of a singer, but there is something so sensual, sexy, and intimate about a husky voice singing in a person’s ear. It didn’t matter if he was off key, because all he needs is that deep voice to take me to the beautiful abyss filled with the love and passion Blake has for me. My body still shivers even after he is finished singing to me. He keeps his arms wrapped around me as we sway in place enjoying the intimate moment. 
He is the type of love that makes a girl want to cling on for dear life. The type of person that makes a girl want to lie, cheat, steal, crawl, kneel, or degrade herself in hopes for a shot of being with him for one moment: one moment to feel the ferocity of his passion and love. Even after that moment, there is still the deep-seated desire and raw craving to keep him firmly in place as a lover and protector. 
In this moment, I become that girl. I have a carnal yearning to keep Blake wrapped around me and keep his attention and love focused on me. I see women and a couple of men staring at Blake with wistful expressions, and know that my being stubborn could result in the loss of the greatest love I will ever know. I will not lose him. 
I turn around and face him. His face shows ease and contentment while holding me to him, and I take in his features. His deep brown eyes are hungry and expressing admiration. His mouth tilts slightly upward in satisfaction. He is standing before me, hoping and actively trying to get a second chance, and I can’t refuse him any longer. Emotion swells inside of me as I start to tell him exactly how I feel. 
“I love you,” I say to him, keeping my eyes focused on his.
Blake stops swaying abruptly, and his hand that is settled on my back grips the material of my dress and pulls me even closer into him. His eyes flash with a mixture of heat, love, and caution. I love him. He needs to know he’s it for me too. I move my hand to his cheek and rub my thumb over his stubble. I smirk a little at his speechlessness, and try again.
“I love you so much, Blake,” I say again with more emphasis and determination. I see a triumphant grin grace his beautiful features before he envelops me in his embrace and brings his hungry mouth to mine. 
This kiss is one of complete abandon and wildness. There are no more barriers in the feelings that we both possess for each other. I am no longer keeping my feelings hidden out of fear. Sure, the fear will probably creep back up once the spell is broken, but in this moment I have no worries or fears. I kiss him with every ounce of emotion that has been buried and has been trying to claw its way back out for the past year. 
We stop the kiss when a couple of dancers bump into us. The connection, although slightly broken, is still clearly palpable as we stare into each other’s eyes. I can feel the worry creeping back inside of me, but I try my hardest to push it away. His hand grips mine, and he tugs me away from the crowd. He leads me in the same direction that I led him four days ago, through the trees and into the “secret” secluded area where we won’t be distracted or interrupted. 
Blake, still in the lead, pulls my arm so that I have to jog to catch up to him. He pushes me against the tree that’s in my spot, and leans his body against mine. Heat emanates from him, and I’m soon feeling hot with desire. 
“You love me?” he asks me with a small smirk. I nod and push myself further into him. “I love you too, Josie. It feels so fucking good to hear that come out of your mouth.” 
Blake’s hand reaches the hair that is blowing from the light breeze. Tucking it behind my ear, his head follows and he places a light kiss below my ear. I close my eyes and shiver slightly at the contact, and I brace myself for an onslaught of powerful sensations. Only they never come. In fact I feel emptiness and a loneliness creep through my body. I open my eyes to find Blake sitting on the ground and leaning against the rough bark of the tree. 
I try to gracefully slide down next to him in order to find out what happened, while he watches me fumble with the hem of my dress. He moves forward, and takes off his shirt quickly. Well that was easy, I think, enjoying the view of this bare chested hunk of a man. 
“Don’t get any ideas,” Blake says with a laugh in his voice. He lays the shirt down on the ground so I have something to sit on instead of my getting my dress or ass dirty. I sit down comfortably and wait for him to say what he needs to say. I can practically see the gears turning in his brain, and I know that this is the moment we are going to talk about everything that happened. 
“I’m so sorry I didn’t tell you, Josie,” Blake says finally, looking straight into my eyes. I see the sincerity in his eyes as he gives me his apology. “I should never have lied to you for so long, and I am truly sorry.”
Blake betrayed me, and I still love him, even knowing that he was a liar and kept something from me that changed everything. 
 
Chapter 31
May One Year Earlier
Recovering from the hypothetical loss of your best friend was not something that came easily, or something that I could wish away. 
No matter how many times I asked the universe to take the pain away, the pain remained. A constant stab to remind me that my immaturity and stupidity was the reason I didn’t have him around anymore. In a lot of ways, that loss was a lot harder than the loss of my innocence.
Blake was there for me, but he wasn’t Seth. He wasn’t the boy I punched on the playground. He wasn’t the one who defended me through elementary school, middle school, and high school to all the bullies who picked on me about having two dads.  
I missed Seth. 
It was the moment when I found out Seth left, that I decided to pick myself up, and focus on moving on. I was picking up some groceries for Daddy, when I ran into Gayle. She was always sweet to me, and that particular time was no different. She asked about my dads and proceeded to tell me about the farm and about how George was doing.
I listened to her talk about her life in the middle of the pasta aisle in the grocery store, but I was not fully committed to the conversation. One particular person was on my mind, and the blue green eyes Gayle had only made the ache in my chest more prominent. 
“So… How’s Seth,” I finally asked. She stayed clear of his name, and I could only assume that she knew about what happened between us. Pity and sadness etched her features, and I was regretting the decision to ask her. 
“Oh dear, I thought he told you,” she said with a thoughtful look. She started rummaging through her purse in search of something and I felt a deep sickening feeling rest in the pit of my stomach. 
What didn’t he tell me? I wondered, worry lacing my insides. Gayle must have found what she was looking for, because she stopped rummaging and looked up at me slowly. 
“Seth left a week ago,” she said to me eventually. I was shocked. I didn’t understand what she meant by left. He was an adult, so it wasn’t like he could run away from home. So where did he go?  
“What do you mean?” I croaked out. The same sorry look etched her features again, and I started to get red in the face from embarrassment and anger. She handed me a white envelope that had my name scrawled on it in handwriting that I knew very well. 
“He told me to give you that, but I just assumed it was some silly note. I didn’t know he didn’t tell you he was leaving,” she said, placing her hand on my arm in what people would say is a comforting gesture. It wasn’t comforting though. It was like a foreign touch that I didn’t want on my hot skin. 
“Where did he go? I don’t understand!” I said, anxiety starting to tighten in my chest and hinder my breathing. 
“I’m sure he explained everything in the note, but he was offered an opportunity to freelance for a magazine across Europe. He is travelling all over Europe, going to different places to take pictures.”
I staggered back a step after she finished explaining. Seth had mentioned that his photos at the gallery could provide him with an opportunity like this, but I had never considered that he would leave the country without telling me first. It was a true testament to where our relationship had gone. I had been reduced to a person only worthy of a little fucking note instead of being told about a great opportunity like that in person. 
Gayle and I said our goodbyes, and I rushed through the rest of my grocery shopping so I could have my little meltdown in the privacy of my car. When I did make it to my car, I ripped open the note that Seth had so ‘thoughtfully’ left for me. 
I’m sorry. –S
“Are you fucking kidding me?!” I yelled to no one in my car. ‘I’m sorry,’ was the only thing he thought he should say to me before leaving the fucking country? 
On the back of the piece of paper was an e-mail address that I assumed was his way of saying that I could still have contact with him while he was away. I was embarrassed, hurt, angry, and disappointed that our friendship was summed up into that one small note. I gave myself a few seconds to work out my hurt before I decided to move on and accept the direction that the universe was taking me. 
One, how could he leave without telling me? Two, will he even talk to me if I e-mail him? Three, I have to at least give it a shot. Four, he will always be my best friend. Five, I miss him.
In my next breath, I let go of the sadness and shook myself of the depression I had let myself be sucked into.
I knew that no matter what happed in life, Seth would always be the boy who used to lay with me under the stars in my backyard and tell me we would be best friends until the day we died. Seth might be in another country, but we still looked at the same sky at night and still wished on the stars that we would be best friends forever.
I started my car and drove home with a new sense of motivation and perspective. I wrote out a long e-mail explaining how sorry I was to Seth, but I ended up not sending it. I took a little lesson from him, and instead decided to keep things simple with ‘I miss you.’ That was all I needed to say to him, because I knew he would understand that I was sorry. Time was what we needed in order to heal. If it was something he needed, then I could respect that. So, that’s what I did. 
I let Blake be there for me. He knew that Seth had left the country, and that I was still communicating to him through e-mail. I never told him that Seth had fallen in love with me which had been the ultimate demise of our relationship, but I never thought it was something I should share. I always got the impression that Blake knew about how Seth felt, but he never brought it up, and it just became a mutual respect not to talk about it to each other. 
It was my fault that Seth had started to develop any feelings for me in the first place, and then it was my fault again for preying on his feelings as a way to make myself feel better. I was the awful person in this scenario and I needed to work on fixing my immaturity. I wanted to be a better person so I fixated on being successful in work and school, vowing that I would never use anyone, especially Seth, like that again.
There were many moments that I would catch myself wishing that the highlight of my day would still be whether or not Daddy would cave and buy Seth and me a ring pop at the store. Our hardest problems as a child were deciding what ice cream to choose when the ice cream man came down the road, and how to forge our parents’ signature on a test that we did poorly on. We wished we could grow up and move out of our parents’ houses when we were little, but when the moment came to actually grow up for me, I found myself wanting to revert back to being a 10 year old again. 
Blake and I looked for apartments near the elementary school where I had been offered a long-term position, and even though he had his own place back in Raleigh, we both knew that this would be a sort of “home” for us. Forty minutes wasn’t that long of a distance, so we both knew we were looking for a place that we could share as a home, rather than be a place to meet up when he was in town. 
The place I ended up getting was so perfect for me… for us. It was a one bedroom apartment that took the cute older elements of the apartment and made them modern without stripping away its character. I knew as soon as I walked in the door that it was the place I wanted. There were hard wood floors and beautiful molding on the baseboards. The kitchen was not humongous, but it was pretty big for an apartment, and I couldn’t have asked for anything better. I just knew that I wanted to live there.
“So what do you think?” Blake asked when we got back into his car. I couldn’t contain my huge grin when I looked at him to answer. 
“I love it so much! I want it!” I said excitedly. He tilted his head and his eyebrows creased.
“Really?” he asked, seemingly confused, “Because I was still leaning more towards the one that had the dried blood on the wall from that guy who shot himself. You have to admit it, Jo, there’s a lot of history there, and you may even get some ghosts.”
I stared at him for a few seconds before I shoved his shoulder. He was joking with me, and I swear I almost thought he was serious. He started cracking up while he pulled the car out of the parking spot and onto the road. 
“You are a terrible person Blake Porter!” I said and looked out the side window. I didn’t want him to catch the smile that started forming after he had said that.
“Aw Jo, you don’t mean that. In fact, I would have to call bullshit on that statement for the mere fact that I know you find me incredible and irresistible. Some would say my looks are a curse, but I’ve learned to deal with it,” he said it with a sigh as if he really felt like he was hindered with the burden of good looks. 
“You’re looks? What? The fact that you look like a grumpy green troll in the morning when you wake up, or the fact that you always look constipated when you are thinking?” I said back to him. I knew very well how handsome he was, even in the morning and when deep in thought, but he didn’t need to know that I did find him irresistible. I spared a glance his way, and he held my gaze for about five seconds before we both started cracking up laughing.
Moments like that were the best to remember. We could laugh with each other more than anyone else, and while I may have lost my old best friend, I had started to gain a new one. Blake and I were good together. It always felt like we were meant for each other; I couldn’t imagine life without him in it. 
I ended up picking that apartment, and put all of the money I saved through summer school into the deposit and first month’s rent. Blake offered to pay, but there was no way I was going to accept an offer like that. This was something that I needed to do on my own.  I didn’t have much, but it didn’t matter because it was my own place. 
Blake and I picked out furniture and he helped me paint all the rooms. He definitely made me reconsider ever painting with him again, because he threw paint around like a kindergartener. I’m not sure how my walls ended up looking normal with him around, but they did. 
The months passed, and we settled into a routine of work and play. Blake would come and stay with me a few nights a week, and those were the highlights of my week. He always surprised me with little things like hidden notes, slightly charred dinners, or very messy desserts, and I seemed to fall in love with him more and more each day. I missed him when he was working and couldn’t come back, but it made the reunions even better. 
I never went back to his mom’s house, but we were able to get to know each other through shopping trips and lunches. She was always sweet to me, and I really grew to love her bubbly and warm personality. I hoped that one day I would be able to meet the rest of the family, including Blake’s brother and sister, Brody and Sabrina, but it was never a priority at the time.
Blake, Brandon, Brooke and I always made time to hang out with each other, and we ended up becoming even closer friends than we were before. We had fun meeting up and hanging out with them and some other friends from college. 
Brooke and Brandon surprised me with how close they became. I never took either of them for the type to feel so much contentment in being with one person, but they did. They were good for each other in every sense of the phrase. Brandon supported Brooke’s dreams, even when her parents didn’t take the time to understand. Brooke found happiness in her relationship, and she decided she would rather be accepted by the ones who loved her no matter what, than be accepted by her own blood, who has shunned her through her entire life.  
Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, birthdays, Valentine’s day, and St. Patrick’s Day all passed by us with fun celebration. We enjoyed all of the little moments together, and lived our lives to the fullest. Seth and I kept each other updated on life, but it was never the same. Blake and I grew stronger, and we were closer than I ever thought I could be with someone.
Life was good. 
Life was perfect. 
Life was about to change. 
 
Chapter 32
 
I woke up that unforgettable Saturday morning with a racing heartbeat. 
My breathing was shallow, and I felt a little nauseous with worry. Blake had already left for work that morning, so I was alone in my bed staring at the ceiling. I shook my foot continuously as an outlet to release some of my anxiety, but it didn’t really calm the nervousness that had been consuming me for the past week. 
Ten minutes passed before I made my decision to get up and go to the bathroom. The pang of needing to go to the bathroom overpowered my desire to stay in bed and continuously think about what was happening. As I pulled my legs over the side of the bed, I heard my phone chime with a text message.
Your Sexy boyfriend: Meet me for lunch at Rick’s Café at 1:00
I rolled my eyes at his display name, knowing he must have been playing with my phone again the night before. I made a mental note to check my Facebook for any more “hacking” from my boyfriend. 
Me: We’re going out for dinner tonight 
Your Sexy boyfriend: I want to see you before then… can you blame a guy for wanting to be in the presence of a goddess more than once in a 24 hour period?
Cue the second eye-roll of the morning. He always made me feel giddy and excited for every date we had together. I knew he was being funny, but it still made me feel special whenever I got texts like that from him.
Me: Well then, we can’t have you being depraved of my company, now can we? I shall meet you there, kind Sir. 
Your Sexy boyfriend: Thank you Madam, you are too good… 
I let out a soft laugh at his banter. He seemed to be in such a good mood lately, and I was enjoying the attention he was offering me. My phone chimed again with another text.
Your Sexy boyfriend: P.S.- don’t wear any panties ;) 
And then he would send something like that, which wiped any trace of humor from my emotions. I was immediately aroused at his demand and even more excited for our lunch date. The lunch could be a sort of ice breaker for our dinner later that night, and I planned to use it to my advantage. I had some big news to tell Blake, and I needed to make sure he was calm for the conversation.  
I took my time getting dressed and dolled up for the upcoming lunch. I left my hair down and only applied a little bit of eyeliner and mascara. Blake always said he liked me with less make-up, and I was glad because I never was a big fan of excessive make up.
I remember feeling plagued with a feeling of uncertainty and anxiety throughout my routine to get ready that day. I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong or that something bad was going to happen. I begged the universe for better vibes, but the anxiousness didn’t leave. I chose to continue with my day, in hopes that my mood would get better. 
I arrived at the café about ten minutes early, so I took a seat in our usual spot in the back corner. The anxiousness started to spread to my throat, and my heartbeat started to race. Something was wrong, but I couldn’t place my finger on exactly what. It wasn’t until I noticed a familiar statuesque blonde walking towards my table, that I knew why I had this continuing feeling of fear. 
I didn’t understand why Alice was even in the vicinity of where I lived, let alone in the restaurant where I was meeting Blake. She walked with purpose and with a smirk on her almost flawless face. However, even in my anger, I was able to relish in the humor that there was a big zit next to her nose. 
All traces of humor left when she sat down at the booth I was sitting in without even asking for an invitation. I raised my eyebrows at her as she gracefully sat in the booth. I didn’t like her entitled bitchy aura one bit, and I was not looking forward to what was about to come out of her mouth. 
I didn’t realize that this moment was going to alter my world completely. I came with complete confidence that Blake and I would be in this relationship for the rest of our lives. I guess there is always something to learn through experiences such as the one that took place on that day, but it doesn’t make living through it any less difficult. 
“Well, it was easier to find you than I thought it would be,” Alice said after she situated herself into the seat. I glared at her and didn’t respond. She didn’t deserve a response from me, and I knew that the loudmouth cocky brat would eventually get to the point of her presence. 
“I’m sure you are wondering why I am here...,” she said. 
I internally rolled my eyes, and gave her a look that said “duh.”  
Undeterred by my reluctance to speak, she continued. “I know Blake is going to be here any minute to talk to you, but I needed to talk to you first.” She sat back in her chair, and almost looked genuinely concerned about something. “Blake’s about to do something stupid, and I needed you to know all the facts before he does it.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Can you get to the point please?” She was making no sense to me, and my frustration and impatience was growing tremendously. 
“Well, just know that I would have told you sooner, if he hadn’t sworn me to secrecy.” My trepidation grew with each sentence that came out of her mouth. “You need to know this before you get any further into a relationship with him. Do you understand that I am about to tell you this for your own good?” 
“I have no doubt that you are only looking out for yourself, but you can justify it however you want.” I just wanted her to get on with what she was going to say.
She nodded and took a deep breath before she continued to talk and ultimately ruin the only sanctuary I had ever felt in my life. My world was shattered, and I couldn’t even begin to relay how the final moments of that conversation played out. This was no longer about Alice. This was about a betrayal of the ultimate kind, and a severed heart. 
I remember leaning my head into my hands as I tried to comprehend exactly what she was talking about. I understood everything she said, and there was no going back. 
Five excruciating minutes after Alice left the booth, I decided to get up and leave. I could not freak out in public, and I needed to get out of this place where Blake and I had made memories through the last year. My heart was hurting. My soul felt as if it had been ripped apart from my body and unable to come back. I picked up my bag and got out of my seat. As I stood, I noticed Blake walk in through the door and wasn’t able to dodge him in time before he saw me. He smiled his gorgeous smile, and started to walk towards me. 
I turned around, looking for the back exit of the café, and rushed towards it. I wasn’t sure if I was ready to talk to him, but I knew that there was no way of outrunning him at this point. The only thing I could do was make it much less public by confronting him in the back. The red luminescent light of the EXIT sign felt like a warning glaring right into my soul. The problem was that my soul was broken and torn, and saw no reason to adhere to any type of caution. So I continued towards the exit.
The breath I took when I got out the door felt as if I had been trapped under water until I was nearly drowning. For one glorious moment I caught that one breath of air that helped me survive. My heart was pounding in my chest and I could feel each pang of emotion that infiltrated my body. With my emotions running on full blast, I knew that the following confrontation was in no way going to be civil. 
When Blake walked out of the back door with a look of confusion on his face, I couldn’t stop the rage that dominated me. As if in slow motion, I walked over to him and slapped him across the face. 
“What the-?” he stuttered, bringing his hand to his face.
“How could you!?” I screamed at him. I came back at him, and shoved him as hard as my small weak arms could. While he didn’t budge from the push, he did move towards me to stop me. Anger and uncertainty clouded his eyes. He didn’t touch me, but he backed me up against the wall so I was trapped.
I could feel the hatred and anger burning through me and I channeled it all in that one look I gave him. When he looked at me in that moment, I will never forget the way his face fell and the sadness that replaced his usually confident composure. It was then that I knew that everything Alice told me was true. 
“What’s going on?” he choked out. I kept my glare intact; I didn’t feel one ounce of pity for him.
“What’s your father’s name?” I laced each word with the maliciousness I felt. My heart pounded and my breathing was rough. He stumbled back a bit. Enough to show his uneasiness. 
“How-?” 
“What is your father’s name!?” I yelled, cutting him off.
“John Porter,” he said, eyes on the ground. It took all I had to not slap him again for lying to my face again. 
“What’s his full name, Blake?” He looked up at me and I could feel the pleading in his brown eyes, begging me not to make him tell me. It didn’t matter what he wanted or if he was sorry. 
“Michael John Porter.” Each name felt like someone was taking a knife and plunging it inside of me. Anger, hatred, loathing, hostility, animosity, and bitterness filled every pore in my body. Whatever was left of my broken heart was in my throat, making it hard to breathe. 
“Michael Porter,” I ground out. “Sexual assault is a kind term to use for what your father did to me, Blake. He raped me, and would have killed me if it weren’t for Seth.”
“Josie, I swear I didn’t know-,” he started to explain coming towards me. 
“You didn’t know? I call bullshit, Blake! You and your whole family are filled with liars. I can’t even fucking look at you without wanting to kill you!” I started yelling at him as hot tears started to pour down my face. 
Blake was a liar. His father was the reason I had lost my virginity, refuge, and who I was as a person. His father touched me in every private part of my body. He left his vile mark on my tattered body, a mark that no amount of scrubbing could extinguish. He took my innocence. He took my freedom. His presence became a shadow on my soul. Blake’s father was my rapist, and my worst nightmare. 
“Jo, let me explain,” he pleaded with me.
“What else is there to explain, Blake?” I threw my hands in the air, and tried to maneuver my way around him. 
“I didn’t know at first, Josie. I swear. When I found out I didn’t know how to tell you!” He was begging me with his eyes and started to move towards me, but the look I gave him showed him how unwelcome he was. 
“When did you find out?” I was practically growling at him at this point. I was like a caged animal who was trying to get out. I was livid and every cell in my body was on fire.
“Ma told me that first time you two met. I’m so sorry, Jo. I just didn’t know how to tell you. I didn’t want to hurt you! You have to believe me!”
“Hurt me? You think not telling me that you carry the blood of my rapist would prevent me from hurting? Are you delusional, Blake? That’s the most ridiculous logic I have ever heard.”
“I know I was wrong, Josie, but I just couldn’t find a good time to tell you. The more time that passed the harder it got to tell you!” 
“That’s the fucking problem! You were too scared and now it’s too late!” I was full on yelling at him at this point. Bile started to rise to my throat due to the disgust and fear that overwhelmed my senses. I grabbed my stomach and knew I needed to get out of there. 
“Josie… please! It’s not too late. I love you so much! I didn’t want to hurt you! I was just trying to protect you,” he pleaded to me. 
All this time, I was continually falling in love with someone who I could never be with. I didn’t care to hear his twisted logic about why he thought what he did was okay. I didn’t want to hear or see him ever again. I didn’t think I could stomach being around him. So I finally managed to get away from his barricade and looked at him with every emotion displayed on my broken face. Tears of hurt, brokenness, and anger rushed down my face, and I saw stray tears escaping his eyes. His legs seemed unstable and I could see sorrow written on his face. It should have broken my heart a little more to see him like that, but my bitterness was too overpowering. 
I never wanted to see his face again. 
He was a traitor.
“You are disgusting, Blake. I can’t look at you ever again without seeing the face of someone who destroyed me. I never want to see you again. I never want to be anywhere near you. And I sure as hell do not want you to ever touch me again. You are a liar and I can’t stand the thought of being around you. We’re done. Do not contact me or come near me ever again,” I said, pure loathing dripping from each word.
He looked as if he was going to say something, but he decided not to. Tears were freely flowing from his gorgeous face, a face that I now despised. I was glad I hurt him, but he would never be able to comprehend the hurt or brokenness that I was experiencing in that moment. I gave him one last look, a look that conveyed every shattered fragment in my soul, and walked away.
I didn’t know when or if I would ever see him again, but I didn’t care. I walked along the side of the building, and knew in my heart that he wouldn’t follow me. I pictured Blake’s last look as I walked away from the café, and the image of his saddened brown eyes made me sick. 
How did I not know? How did I miss the lies? Why didn’t I press him for more information about his family? Brown eyes… 
I couldn’t help but picture the demented dark brown eyes that Michael Porter had, and I felt sick knowing that Blake’s eyes were just as dark. The memory of having my body and soul tortured mixed with the knowledge that the man I trusted and loved wholeheartedly lied to me for three years, made my stomach churn. 
I was so nauseous that I ended up stopping in my tracks and bowing over to succumb to the spasms my stomach. I threw up until my stomach muscles hurt and I could barely move from shaking so bad. It was a moment when I realized that I would no longer have Blake to pick me up when I was down or hurt anymore. 
I had every intention of spending the rest of my life with Blake, but I could never be with someone who could lie to me for years. I couldn’t have children with the blood of someone who raped me. I just couldn’t. There was no way I could handle that. 
 
Chapter 33
Friday Present
Bitterness and anger plagued me for so long, but once I finally passed that stage in my grief I was then burdened with unhappiness. 
I had lost my best friend, and a little less than a year later, I lost the love of my life. Depression is like a monster that wants to drag you into the dark at every opportunity. Any time I hit a high, either in my career or school, I was brought back down into my depression. 
Having Blake show me he loved me for the past week has been uplifting in ways that are hard to describe. I am still hurt by what happened a year ago and the guilt of what I did in return doesn’t help, but having Blake this week has made me happier than I have felt since I left that café. I feel guilty saying that since my dad just died, but I also know that he has been wanting a reconciliation from Blake and me for a long time. 
“You hurt me, Blake. It was so hard to move on from that,” I say quietly into the night air. I feel every breath of wind and every piece of bark on my back. This is the conversation that should have been taken place a long time ago. I wanted to forget everything, but it’s impossible. He turns towards me and I can see his brown eyes glistening in the moonlight.
“I know I hurt you, Jo,” he says to me. His hand reaches out and touches my cheek. “I know I never should have kept it from you, and I will regret it for the rest of my life. Just… I want you to let me explain a little bit about why I didn’t tell you anything.”
“I think it’s about time I let you start talking…,” I respond to him. I need to hear it. I need to have some kind of closure on the demise of our relationship. I need to know that he really always did love me. I need to know I am not totally crazy for still being completely and utterly in love with him. 
 “Ok… I guess I should start with when I found out,” he says playing with the ends of my hair. “You had just told me about what happened to you. I was ready to kill someone when you told me. I was so in love with you though, and I was swept away by your strength and your will power. I have never met a woman as strong as you, Josie. I knew when I first met you that I didn’t want to ever let you go, but it was in that moment that I knew for sure you would be the only girl for me. I wanted to protect you and take care of you for the rest of my life. 
“When Ma found out your name that day, she pulled me into the kitchen and told me that she recognized your name from the court hearings for my dad. None of us went to the trial except for my step-mom. I didn’t want to have anything to do with him after I heard what he did. I always wondered if I should find out who the girl was, so I could find a way to help her, but I was too much of a coward. I was embarrassed and ashamed that my own blood would do something so disgusting. 
“I was so mad, Josie. It was bad enough that he raped some girl, but when I found out he raped the girl I fell madly in love with, I felt murderous. I wanted to go to the prison and beat him until he was dead. And I would have done that too, but Alice directed me to her dad’s gym so I could work out my anger. I know you don’t like her, but I would be in prison right now for murder if she hadn’t taken me to the gym.” He takes a deep breath and grabs my hand. The extra contact is comforting and exactly what I need.
“I couldn’t look at you without feeling guilty. Guilty for what my dad did. Guilty for how I had let myself fall in love with you. That’s when I started to distance myself from you. I thought that maybe if I pulled away, that you wouldn’t feel the same way for me anymore. As much as that devastated me, I knew I didn’t deserve you. I didn’t want you to be hurt more by my father, so I needed to let you go. That was the only way I could think of. It worked…kind of. I couldn’t get you out of my head, Jo. It was selfish of me to plant those quotes in those books. I knew it would prove that I was still in love with you, but if I could get you to look at me like you used to, then I thought it was worth the risk. 
“Bottom line is that I am a selfish man, Jo. You came storming into my office that day, and I knew there was no way I wanted to live another second of my life without you in it. I didn’t want you to think about your past, so I never brought it up. Ma and I were the only ones that knew. Brandon didn’t know until after it all went down. You are the strongest woman I know.  I should have never thought you needed protection from the truth, and I am so sorry. I have been paying for that mistake every second for the last year.”
He finishes his explanation and lets out a big relieved sigh. It’s as if he has been waiting an eternity to tell me how sorry he is. I have felt for the last week exactly how much he still loved me, so I do not doubt one bit of his story. I believe he is completely sincere when he tells me that he thought he was trying to protect me, but it doesn’t make being lied to any less hard to handle. 
“I’m not sure exactly how to respond…,” I say, still trying to process this new information. It’s been hard to come to terms that Blake’s father is a nasty person, but it’s been harder to let go of the feeling of duplicity. “I guess I get what you’re saying, but I’m still mad at the whole thing. What the hell are the chances that my rapist would be your father? I’m mad at myself for missing the connection. I’m mad at you for lying to me about it. And I am mad as hell that I can still be in love with someone who has a blood connection to the person I hate most in this world.”
“I know, love. I know I don’t deserve you. You have every right to be mad at me… to hate me,” he whispers to me, cupping my cheek in his strong hand. I look at him and try to work out my emotions in that look. At first, I was always trying to piece the familiarity between him and Michael, but it was always hard. Looking at him now, I know for sure that I cannot see the vile creature of his father inside of my Blake. 
“I didn’t think I could look at you the same way ever again. I thought that if I ever saw you again after I found out the truth, that I would throw up or hit you again. It was so hard for me to picture a life with you, knowing the connection you have to Michael.” I reach out for him and slide my hand to the back of his neck. “But I know you’re not him. I understand why you didn’t tell me. I’ve been trying to bury that part of me since it happened, and I obviously couldn’t handle that information very well… But I’m ready to get over it and I’ll try, if you’re willing to try.”
A look a relief and longing etches his features as I tell him I want to keep trying. I love him. I haven’t stopped loving him since I took him to my parent’s house three years ago. I wanted to hate him. I tried to hate him, I just can’t do it. 
“I love you so much Josie. I’ll prove to you that it’s not a mistake to love me. We aren’t just a memory… we could never just be a memory. You are my future, Jo,” he says to me, inching closer to my face. 
All the passion from the progression of the night, built up for the most sensual and electric kiss I’ve ever experienced. His lips meet mine and I whimper from the connection with him. Every cell in my body is longing for him. The simplicity and softness of his mouth on mine is almost too much to handle. I feel a little choked up with emotion, and can’t help the small tear that escapes my eye. He pulls back and looks at the falling tear, and kisses along the wet trail until my tear is gone. His mouth back on mine, tastes salty, but it’s a reminder of how much he wants to take away my pain. 
I get lost in the moment and almost forget that we are outside, hiding in the woods while a family festival is taking place a couple yards from us. His hands and mouth make it impossible to concentrate on anything though, so I decide not to worry about it. His hand inches up my dress, and goose bumps cloak my thighs. My body is eager for him to touch me in all the right spots. Heat courses through my veins as his hands tighten on my thighs, kissing me more aggressively. 
Blake moans into my mouth as I run my hands across his bare chest. He is so warm and soft under my fingers. Our breathing increases as we both get progressively turned on.  I am still leaning against the tree, and as he leans into me, I enjoy in the roughness of the bark mixing with the scorching touch of his hands and lips on my skin. 
“You are so beautiful, Josie. Words can’t even begin to describe you. I won’t let you go again,” he whispers into my ear. 
He places kisses along my jaw, making me shiver. My heart is racing and I can feel and hear it pounding in the silence of the dark night. My hands move to his hair in an attempt to bring him closer to me. I want him to be as close to me as possible. Instead of coming closer, however, Blake pulls away. He is practically panting. 
“Let’s go back you your place, love. I’m not going to make love to you for the first time in a year outside in the dirt. You are worth so much more than that,” he explains to me. 
I’m not, I say to myself. Not confiding the complete truth to him is selfish and wrong on my end. I just want one night where he loves me like he used to, so I keep my secret hidden until another time.
“Okay,” I breathe out. He flashes me a smile that makes my heart skip a beat. That smile. That smile that makes me feel like I am the only girl in the world. Makes me feel special, wanted, and loved. That smile, the gentleness and pure genuine happiness that emanates from it, is what I see when my eyes close at night. I told him to never come near me again, but in this moment against a tree and filled with sensuous desire for him, I couldn’t be happier that he came to see me six days ago. 
He stands and reaches his arm out to help me up off the ground. Once we dust off the remains of dirt on our clothing, we make our way back to the car and start the incredibly long journey home. Of course, it’s really only a 10 minute drive, but when you are unbelievably turned on and ready to wage war for a touch from the most handsome man in the world, it becomes a drive that seems to be going backwards in time. 
I practically run to my front door when we park outside of my building. Blake, being the ever composed person he is, simply chuckles as I rush inside. I want to slap that chuckle off his face, and then devour him in kisses afterwards. I opt for jumping on him as soon as he shuts the front door, instead. He has no difficulty carrying me towards my bedroom while still driving me wild with his fingers running along my thighs and ass. I bury my face in his neck and drag my tongue along the slight stubble on his jaw. 
He removes his hand for a moment so he can open the door to my room, and I take the lack of support as an opportunity to wrap my legs even harder around him. I grind my hips into him, keeping my hands locked in his short hair. The friction of his taut muscles against my most sensitive area is exactly what my body is screaming for. I grind harder onto him as he walks in and heads towards my perfectly made bed. 
Blake tries to drop me onto the bed, but I refuse to let go of his neck. He laughs as I bring him down with me. The laugh is quickly wiped away as I run my hands under his shirt and across his warm body. So sexy. My breathing is shallow from the desire clogging my body. Blake sits up and pulls his shirt over his head, and I let out a moan as I look at him. It never gets old. Of course it’s been a while since we’ve been together, but even when we were dating for a couple years, I never tired of seeing him. Without a shirt. Without pants. Without boxers. I sigh knowing in a few seconds I would once again be savoring his handsomeness. 
He brings his head down to mine, and the only sounds that can be heard are our hearts pounding and heavy hot breathing. I have no desire to wait any longer to feel his lips on me so I raise myself up and gently lay my lips against his. The butterflies in my stomach are going out of control. This is it. Blake must notice the seriousness and intensity of what we are doing, because his hand glides to my face and kisses me without abandon. 
Everything we have been missing for the last year is reflected in this moment. Passionate lips and hands seeking reassurance and trying to translate affection.
His eager hands reach for the side of my dress where the zipper is. He drags the zipper down slowly, continuing to kiss me. His fingers trace the bare skin that is slowly being revealed as the zipper is undone. I suck in a sharp breath, and he uses the moment to suck my bottom lip into his mouth. The fire from his hands on my skin and the tug of my lip send me into overdrive with need. 
I sit up on the bed so I can slide off my dress, no longer wanting or needing any kind of barriers between us. I hear him moan as I start to slide the dress off of my shoulders. He reaches out and helps me pull the dress down to my waist. His eyes seem mesmerized and I can feel my flesh heating where his eyes linger. He pulls back and, eyes still on my body, he stands to take off his pants. I stand with him and let my dress fall to the floor. 
He’s in his boxers and I am in my thong, and those are the only garments left in our way. I can see how extremely turned on he is through the thin fabric of his blue boxers, and even more lasciviousness takes over. It doesn’t take much, after giving each other extremely heated glances, to take off that last piece of clothing. The tiny scrap of fabric barely hits the floor before Blake has me in his arms and touching every inch of my hot skin. His erection is hard pressed into my stomach, and I let out a moan. I need him.
Blake lays me on the bed before I can move to start attacking his body. He slowly dips his tongue onto my skin and licks me. He starts at my collar bone and moves towards my very needy and aching breasts. 
“Ohhh…,” I half moan and half sigh as his teeth and tongue assault my nipple. He moves between both of my breasts, seemingly never getting enough of either. My hands stay in his hair, gripping him sometimes harder than other times. My hips seem to have a mind of their own, as they keep rhythmically grinding and bucking into Blake. 
“Blake…,” I pant, “…more… need more.” I sound like a moron, but he seems to have fried my brain, making me sound like an idiot.
“Mmm, Jo. I like it when you beg me,” he says coming up to my level. “Tell me what you want, love. I need to know.” His tone demanding, but gentle. It’s an extreme turn on. 
“Make love to me Blake,” I say, telling him what I want. My voice is low, but I’m not the least bit embarrassed. He moans, and his hips grind harder against my aching body. “I need you inside of me.” 
“Mmm… fuck, Jo. You are so sexy,” he says and kisses me, lustfully. His hand slips between my legs where there is a pool of wet yearning waiting for him. 
He groans as he feels how wet I am, and I tilt my head back to focus on his fingers. They move in a pattern, circling my clit, running down to my entrance, inside of me, and then back to my clit to press on it. After a couple of rotations, Blake brings his fingers back up and puts them to his lips. He tastes me off of his fingers, and closes his eyes as if he is savoring my taste. 
“So good,” he whispers. “I’m going to eat this later, but right now, the only place I want to be is buried inside of you.” 
I smile slightly knowing that he has every intention of making this a long delicious night. The smile is short lived because Blake positions himself in front of me and I feel his cock throbbing and ready to be inside of me. 
“I love you,” I whisper to him, reaching my hands to his face. He closes his eyes briefly and takes a deep breath before opening them and staring at me raptly.
“I love you too, Josie,” he breathes out gravelly. He moves his hips so he is edging, inch by sexy inch, inside of me. I feel full and complete when he gets all the way in. 
“Ahhh…” I say, rolling my eyes to the back of my head. Complete. This is what I’ve been missing for a year. He’s absolutely it for me. 
“Eyes open, love… need to see you,” he pants. He moves his hips in and out of me, hitting deep inside of me. The way he grinds into me is unbelievable. I move my hips up to meet his. Alternating our pace, we ride ourselves into pure wanton. Moans, groans, and some slightly loud cries escape my mouth with complete uninhibitedness.  I roam my hands over his body savoring the soft yet rough texture of his skin. 
I’m savoring every wild and hard thrust that Blake makes. He’s moaning and breathing just as hard as I am. His look becomes a little wilder and I know that we are both close to our climax. I know I won’t last much longer. He pulls out slowly and then thrusts himself hard and fast back into me. He does this multiple times, making my orgasm mount higher. I gasp for air, totally losing control.
“Oh Blake… oh my… so close…,” I heave, succumbing to the wanton pleasure. One final look in Blake’s eyes sends me over the edge. He’s looking at me with no walls. Nothing holding him back from showing me how he feels. I cry out loudly as I convulse underneath of him. My fingers grip the sheets, my toes curl and I arch my back while the orgasm runs through my body. 
 “Oh my fucking god, Josie,” he grits through his teeth. I feel his dick throbbing inside of me as he speeds up his movements. His hot come fills me up, and it is the sexiest feeling in the world. 
He collapses to my side, and gathers me into his arms as we try to catch our breath. It’s absolute perfection. His strong secure arms, holding me while we cherish the euphoria we just experienced. I don’t want him to leave. I don’t want to lose him. I don’t want this moment to ever end. Blake caresses my bare skin and nuzzles his face into my neck. 
Perfection. 
 
Chapter 34
Saturday
I wake up with a pounding heart. 
It feels like there is something blocking my ability to breathe. I can’t get a good breath. My hand shoots up to my chest and I am terrified something is wrong. I can feel my pulse in my neck throbbing with barely a touch of my finger. 
Something bad is going to happen. 
Or, I guess I could just be extremely nervous about telling Blake my secret… I could keep it to myself. Maybe he doesn’t need to know. Does he really need to know? 
I sigh aloud, knowing the answer to that question.  Daddy thought I should tell Blake. He specifically had Dad tell me something extremely personal in order for me to see that withholding the truth can only hurt. I would know. I know firsthand how it feels to be lied to. Now that Blake and I worked through that, it’s time to come clean.
I’ve gone through enough. Nothing bad is going to happen today. I’ll tell Blake everything, and he will be upset but he loves me too much to let this ruin our relationship. I don’t want his perception of me to change, but if he lets me explain, then I really think he will understand. 
I start to calm myself down by counting my breaths. Once I feel like I can breathe, I look at the painstakingly handsome man laying naked in my bed. I bite my lip as memories of the night before invade my head. Images of us all over my apartment make my heart pound in a more scrumptious way. Last night was incredible. It was as if we couldn’t get enough of each other, and I still feel like I haven’t had enough.
He looks so peaceful sleeping with one arm underneath of his head and the other draped across my body. I trace the veins I see in his arm, and focus on how much I love him. Whatever happens today, I will always know that I was able to give this human being my whole body and soul in its entirety. I was able to trust and love someone to the fullest, and that is something I will never regret. 
Blake starts to stir, making me feel uneasy again. I shouldn’t have even been selfish enough to do what we did last night without telling him first. His eyes flutter open, completely groggy, but a magnificent smile stretches across his face when he sees me staring at him. I will always remember this smile. Always. I give him a slightly sad smile. 
“What’s wrong?” he asks after clearing his throat. “You’re so gorgeous in the morning, by the way.” He scoots closer to me and wraps me up in his arms. I want to never move from his safe arms, but the unavoidable conversation means that we can’t stay like this the rest of the day.
“I need to tell you something,” I say in response to his question. 
“Mmm… can it wait, love?” he asks me as he runs his hand over my bare stomach. YES! I want to scream. 
“It’s kind of serious, Blake. I don’t think it can wait any longer. I need to tell you before we let this get any further,” I say solemnly. He furrows his brows, obviously confused by my cryptic answer. He looks at me for a few seconds before he gets out of the bed. 
“Let me go to the bathroom real quick first, okay?” He bends over to pick up his discarded clothes, and then gives me a quick kiss before going to the bathroom and shutting the door. I take the opportunity of solitude to get dressed. There is absolutely no reason that a conversation of this magnitude should be held while naked. After I dress, I make the bed, waiting for Blake to return.
When he opens the door, my heart squeezes at his now worried expression. I take a deep breath and prepare myself for the hardest conversation of my life. 
“What’s up, Jo?” he asks, leaning against my dresser. He knows that this is not going to be a good conversation. I look down to the floor while I sit on the bed, and take three deep breaths before I can even vocally communicate to him. 
“I’ve been holding onto this secret for months, and no one but Daddy knows about it,” I start, finally looking up at him. He runs his hand through his hair and his other hand forms a fist that he tries to hide inside of his pocket. He’s nervous. 
“Just…. Before I tell you everything, just know that I love you, and last night was the best night of my life. I’ve only ever been completely happy when I am with you, and I hope this doesn’t change anything.” 
I hear him sigh and look down at his feet. He shakes his head slightly and then looks back up at me. “Ok,” he says simply. 
I get off the mattress and head towards the side table next to the bed. I take a deep breath, and open the drawer. I know exactly where it is. There have been many moments when I grab for it in the middle of the night. I hold it to my chest, and take another deep shattering breath. This is it. I turn around, still clutching the flimsy item in my hand. Words escape me, so I walk to Blake and place the picture in his hand. 
He looks at me intently before he looks at what I’ve placed in his hand. It’s almost as if he is begging me not to tell him what I’ve been hiding. Almost as if he is seeing through all the bullshit, and realizing that I’m not the girl he thought he knew. When he looks at the slightly faded picture in his hand, he takes in a sharp breath. He looks at me immediately and I can see extreme confusion, worry, and hesitance in his eyes. 
“What’s going on, Josie? What is this?” he asks me, worry and distrust lacing his tone already. 
“I did something stupid. A part of me regrets what I did, but a part of me has been justifying my actions since it happened.” I take a big gulp and step away from him. I sit back down and hug my knees to my chest, trying to compress all of the emotion that is building inside of me. 
“I was pregnant, Blake,” I finally admit to him. 
 
Chapter 35
11 Months Earlier
A single tear rolled down my cheek. The drive seemed to take longer than the 15 minute ride it was supposed to be, and it allowed too much time for thinking.
The sadness had never ceased since I left Blake behind the café two weeks ago. I vacillated between anger and sorrow, never knowing which dominated the other. I was saddened by the loss of someone I loved deeply. I was exceedingly mad that I was lied to. I was saddened by the fact that I had been in love with my rapist’s son. I was undoubtedly angry that the man I loved knew about that fact for years and never planned on telling me. I was sad. I was angry. 
I went home to my parent’s house immediately after I drove out of the parking lot. I went to my room and alternated between crying in my pillow and punching it. My dads tried to comfort me, but learned early on to let me grieve for a while before asking what had happened. 
I felt like a zombie when I finally emerged from my room. I hadn’t showered or eaten in two days and it showed. It’s hard to remember a lot about the conversation I had with my dads, but somehow I was able to tell them what happened. Dad was livid. Daddy was sad. Dad hid his anger by working even more on the car, and Daddy chose to show his compassion by comforting me the best he could. He held me while I cried like a baby at night, and he tried reassuring me that I would make it through that awful time. 
Morning sickness started assaulting me not long after I finally told my parents about what happened. With Dad working, I was able to hide it, but Daddy knew something was wrong. It was easy to blame it on the depression that ate away at me, but eventually he became suspicious. 
“Is there something else you want to tell me, baby girl?” he asked me, rubbing my back while I tried recovering from another bout of throwing up. I wanted to forget about this foreign thing that was invading my body, but it was impossible when there was always a nauseating reminder of its existence. 
“Can’t you be observant somewhere else,” I groaned and got off the floor. 
“How far along are you?” he asked, ignoring my snarky question. “And don’t pretend like you don’t know what I’m talking about. I’m your dad. I just know.”
I headed to my room and flopped face first onto my bed. “I don’t know. I never had a chance to go to the doctor.”
“When did you find out?” he asked softly, sitting on the edge of the bed. I turn so that my back is on the bed and stare at the ceiling. 
“The day before the fight,” I said softly. “I was going to tell him that night, but I never got the chance. And before you start bombarding me with question, no. No I do not know what I am going to do. No I am not going to tell him. No. No. No.” I was acting like a defiant brat, but I felt like I had legitimate reason to be so hostile. The truth was, that I kind of already knew what I wanted to do, I just wanted to give myself a few more days to decide. 
“Okay, baby girl. You know I’m here for you, if you want to talk it through,” he responded gently, ignoring my bratty behavior.
Eventually, I felt comfortable enough to talk to Daddy about everything. My fears. My anger. My pain. He knew quickly what I wanted to do, but he neither agreed with nor struck down my silent decision. 
“You sure you want to do this?” Daddy asked, jostling me from my dark memories. 
“Yeah,” I said, my voice monotone. Daddy parked in the parking lot and put his hand on my knee. “I will support you through this, Josie. I love you beyond words. I wish the situation were different, because I would love for your decision to be different. But I support you.”
“I just can’t do it, Daddy,” I squeaked out, trying to hold in the emotions that were running through me. “I can’t live every day looking at my fatherless child, thinking about how he carries the same blood as the monster who assaulted me. I just… I can’t…” A sob escaped my lips, and the shedding of tears became inevitable. 
“I know, baby,” he said, and enveloped me in a warm embrace. I cried into his arms for the few extra minutes that I had, and tried to find some kind of peace in the moment.
Maybe it was selfish for me to take this route. Maybe it was brave. Maybe, it doesn’t matter what it was. It was my choice, and I chose that I could not have that baby. It sickened me to think about bringing a child into the world who I could very possibly resent. My child deserved better than that. 
Daddy and I walked into the clinic, and waited for my name to be called. My leg shook as I waited. I was nervous, but I was sure that that was normal. I had taken the last two weeks to make sure that this was exactly what I wanted, and I truly felt that that was the best decision for me at the time. I didn’t want to regret not doing this in the future when I was faced with possible resentment or unhappiness. 
“Miss Sommers?” I looked up and saw a nurse holding the door ajar, waiting for me to walk back with her to the doctor’s office. I took a deep breath, and let my dad give me one more hug before I walked back. 
After a brief counseling, a urine sample, and a sonogram, during which I requested to keep the picture, I was prepared for the procedure to take place.
I was given a conscious sedative, so even though I was drowsy, I was still aware of everything going on in the room. They gave me my medications through an IV and the doctor injected a numbing agent into my cervix. It was strange watching the doctor take the straw-like tube and put it inside of me. I knew exactly what was going to happen. That tube was going to go into my cervix and suction out my pregnancy.  The procedure was short, with very mild cramping, and I was finished in minutes.
The worst part of the experience was the thirty minute recovery time, during which I was suffering yet another loss. I kept the picture of my 10 week old baby close to my heart. I still believed it was the best choice for me. I believed that I would have never been happy if I had had that baby. But I also knew that it was permanent. 
I aborted my pregnancy, and there was absolutely nothing that could take that back. 
 
Chapter 36
Saturday Present
“What do you mean you were pregnant,” Blake grounds out. 
I can see his jaw tensing, trying to contain his emotions. Blake is a logical person. He knows he needs to control himself before he overreacts. It’s almost as if he knows exactly what I am going to say. He’s hardening himself for the strike of what I did. 
“I found out the day before I found out about who your father is,” I say, not looking into his eyes. I hear him take a deep breath and look at him while he crouches down to the floor. He’s confused and scared. I can tell because he runs both hands through his hair, something he does when he’s trying to think and calm down.
“What happened?” he asks quietly. This is the part of the conversation that I’ve been dreading. I can feel myself getting sick. 
I’ve known throughout our whole relationship that Blake wanted a large family. I’ve also known that his views on abortion are mixed. While he doesn’t disagree with it, he always knew he would never want his partner to get one, especially without giving him the option to take care of the child. He would never have wanted me to get an abortion. He would have raised that child by himself, gladly. I know this, and now I have to tell him that I decided to not give him that opportunity. 
I gulp, “Blake, I don’t even know how to tell you this, but I was so depressed after everything that happened-“
“You miscarried?” he asks looking up. The look on his face is breaking my heart, because that would be the scenario that would get me off the hook. That would be the path that could keep his heart from breaking. 
“No, Blake… I… I couldn’t…,” I stutter, tears starting to cloud my vision. “I, um…I terminated the pregnancy at ten weeks.” 
Silence. 
Not a sound. Breaths held. 
1 second. 
5 seconds. 
10 seconds. 
20 seconds. 
I count the seconds that it takes before Blake explodes. 
“You did what?” he says in a voice that sends goose bumps all over my body. 62 seconds. I’ve never heard him speak to me like this. My heart pounds in my chest, knowing exactly the direction this conversation is going to go. 
He raises himself from his crouched position and glares at me, waiting for a response. “I asked you a question, Josie! I think I deserve a fucking answer since we are talking about a baby that was mine!” 
I wince at his raised voice. Tears start rolling, and I try to quickly swipe them away. 
“Blake you don’t understand what it’s like for me! Just give me a minute to explain!” 
“Explain what, Josie? That you were too proud and selfish to come to me first?” 
“I was so depressed after everything! I didn’t think I could handle having a baby. So I took a couple of weeks and decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best option.”
“Two weeks? Two fucking weeks you took to convince yourself that I didn’t deserve to know that you were pregnant with my child? Two weeks to decide that the best option was to shut me, our baby’s father, out of the decision completely? Are you fucking kidding me?”
“That’s not fair, Blake!” 
Blake slams his fist down on the dresser next to him, and I flinch.
“Don’t tell me what’s fucking, fair! You don’t get to throw fucking ‘fair’ in my face when you didn’t even consult me first!”
“I couldn’t handle carrying your child, Blake,” I throw back at him, rising from the bed. “I didn’t want to risk resenting that child for carrying your bloodline!” 
Blake’s look is filled with rage. I feel the anger and distrust radiating from him and punching me in the gut. He walks towards me and glares through to my soul. He leaves an inch of space between us; an inch of space that was electrifying just twelve hours earlier, but now is terrifying. 
“You sound like a self-centered brat saying that. That was my child too. If you couldn’t love it, then I would have made up for it.”
“I understand,” I try pleading to him, tears flowing freely. “I really thought we would never see each other again. It was the best option for me at the time.”
“Save your tears for someone who cares. You aborted my child because of your weakness and selfishness. I will never forgive you for this, Josie Sommers.” He leans in so that his eyes are level with mine. “I never should have lied to you, Josie, but my intention was never to hurt you. I am nothing like my father, and having my child should never have been shameful to you. I used to think I wanted you to be the mother of my children.” 
He says his words so softly, but I can feel and hear each biting word stabbing me. He pulls back and grabs his keys and shoes off of the floor. He walks to the bedroom door, but before he leaves, he stalls in the doorway. I watch him shake his head and sigh. 
“I can’t believe how wrong I was about you, Josie.” 
And then he is gone. I hear the front door slam from his angered exit. I drop to the floor and wrap myself into a ball. I sob harder than I have ever sobbed before. The look on his face was torture enough, but the words cut through me in a way I never expected from him. 
He was wrong about me. He has every right to hate me, but it doesn’t make the pain any easier. I’ve often wondered for the past eleven months, if I made the right choice. There are some days that I agree completely with my choice. There are nights that I do not. Right now, I feel like I made the biggest mistake of my life. 
I reach out and grab the picture of my unborn child that fell to the floor when Blake and I started arguing. I bring it to my heart and close my eyes. I let myself take five more seconds to wallow in the sorrow that has overtaken my entire being. 
One, Daddy didn’t tell me how hard telling the truth was. Two, the anguish that tormented Blake’s face. Three, the look of pure hatred. Four, is coming clean worth the loss? Five, get your ass back up, Josie, and be strong.
Losing Blake will be hard to get over, but I have gotten over being raped, catching the guy I thought I loved with another girl, losing the love of my life once, losing my best friend, finding out that my soul mate is related to my rapist, losing him again, getting an abortion, and losing Daddy. What’s one more thing added to a list that long? Life isn’t meant to be easy. It wouldn’t be a real life story if there are only easy paths. 
I choose to live and move on… That’s a fucking promise. 
 
Epilogue
Present 
I get a nice surprise from a purring cat who jumps into my lap while I am reading. He purrs to me, begging to be loved and pet. Sure, I know he’s using me so he can get his comfy on, but I don’t mind the interaction. I put my kindle down on the side table and give the cat my full attention. 
“You know, that book was just getting good.” He purrs back in response and sticks his cute black head under my hand to get more action. “If anyone else would have done that to me, they would not be a happy camper.”
I’ve lost it. I’m talking to a cat. In a bookstore… an empty bookstore. 
It’s been one week since Blake slammed that door and walked out of my life, and it has been a struggle to get back to normal. I go to bed at night and picture his angry face completely directed at me. It hurts, but I’m getting better. 
Boo here just happens to be the little critter who makes me feel normal. Mrs. Woodward has never minded me spending all day in the back corner of her store and giving her cat attention, so I’ve taken advantage of her hospitality all week. Every day after school, I come here and hide away from the world. I read and grade until I need to go home. 
I close my eyes and relax a little, while petting Boo. He seems to know that I need a hug, and this is his way of comforting me. We sit like this for a couple minutes, until I hear the front door chime. I don’t hear any talking from Mrs. Woodward, so I take a glance at the visitor in the store. 
My heart skips a beat, when I see who is there. My hand flies to my mouth in shock. He walks towards me and gives me a sexy half smile. 
“I’m sorry it took me so long to get here, Pussy Cat.”
 
 THE END 
 
Resources
 
If you or anyone you know is in need of help in regards to rape, sexual assault, date rape, sexual abuse, incest, marital rape, childhood sexual abuse, or molestation, please use the following resources for help. You are not to blame, and there are many others who are out there ready to help and support you through your emotions. Being able to talk to fellow survivors who have experienced similar emotions, feelings, fears, and doubt, can be very beneficial. 
www.rainn.org (In cooperation with more than 600 rape crisis centers around the country, RAINN operates a free, 24-hour hotline for survivors of sexual assault) 
www.nsvrc.org (The National Sexual Violence Resource Center is a comprehensive and distribution center for information, research, and emerging policy on sexual violence intervention and prevention)
www.mencanstoprape.com (When some men commit violence against women, all men pay a price)
http://soar99.org/blog/ (Speaking Out About Rape runs national awareness, education and prevention programs to empower survivors of sexual assault, and enhance the public understanding and acceptance of rape victims)
www.vday.org (A global movement to stop violence against women and girls)
www.svfreenyc.org (The mission of the New York City Alliance Against Sexual Assault is to develop and advance strategies, policies, and responses that prevent sexual violence and limit its destabilizing effects on victims, families, and communities) 
 
Acknowledgements
There are so many people who make writing and publishing a book possible. Not just through goods and services, but through support and motivation. 
I am so very grateful first and foremost for my husband and daughter. My husband went weeks with a dirty house and freezer dinners because I couldn’t pull myself away from writing Josie’s story. I would not have been able to write the ending to this book if it had not been for his encouragement. He is the love of my life and my best friend, and teaches me every day what true love is.
Alexis, my daughter, is my sole motivation for writing. She makes me feel like I can do and be anything I want. I would never have thought I could write and finish a book if she did not bring the happiness and support I need every day. She may be three but hearing “I yub you, mom,” gives me exactly what I need to write one more sentence. 
My mom is also a huge supporter for me. There is absolutely no way that I would write the way I do or with the passion I do if it was not for her. She has encouraged me to evolve and be a better women, never questioning my instincts or self-worth, and having that encouragement made me able to write. I would not have been strong enough to write Josie’s story if she had not taught me how to be strong. Thanks mommy. Ben for being the dad I always need, even when you never had to take up that role. Hayley for all the laughs and humor that you bring into everyone’s life (I would use some of your jokes if they weren’t so naughty). Alaina for being the sister who never fails to give me a hug whenever you see me. Bonnie for always being supportive and helpful to our family month after month. Jake for being the best brother-in-law I could ever ask for, especially since I don’t get to see mine anymore. 
In addition to them, I am grateful to the rest of my family and friends who have been nothing but supportive in this process. Kait, Tiffany, Wayne, George, Kaitlin, Hilary, Timmy, Wayne, and Heather: thanks for your support and encouragement. 
Also, to the creators of Teen Wolf, because Tyler Hoechlin is so sexy that he became my motivation for a certain character. Also, Daryl Dixon’s arms, from The Walking Dead, because… well, do I need an explanation? 
To Mindy Nabors who offered her expertise to help me put together a blog tour, thank you SO much! I will always be grateful to you! In addition to Mindy, I have made a lot of new friends: Kerri Mclaughlin, Shelley Custer, and Felicia Tatum. Finally to all the blogs and reviewers who are so incredible, and who gave me and my book a chance. Heather Andrews from A Crazy Vermonter’s Book Blog, A Journey Through my Kindle, Crazy About Bookz, Unknown Books Reviews, Snarky Bloggers, Confessions of a Book Whore, Book Junky Girls, Reading by the Book, Her Juicy Reads, One-Click Chick, The Book Review, 6 Chicks and their Love of Books, The Book Groupie, Knock Your books Off, Bound by books, Book Addict Mummas, Debbie the Book Vixen, Sassy Sext Addiction Book Lovers, The Book Whore-der’s Delight, and Kitty Kats Crazy about Books. 
 
About the Author

Victoria Klahr (pronounced like “Claire”) lives in Elizabeth City, North Carolina with her husband and daughter, Stephen and Alexis. She loves her chug (Pug/Chihuahua), Bandit, and three year old to pieces. She loves to stay home and take care of them, even if they do drive her insane at times. She is a huge and proud book nerd who looks at her bookshelf in admiration daily. She has her Associate’s degree in Business Administration, but her passion has always been the stories that talk to her in her head. One day she decided to take a chance and let the voices write her story. She has never felt more certain or comfortable about who she is than when she writes. 
Contact:
 victoria_klahr_author@yahoo.com
www.facebook.com/victoriaklahrauthor
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7304003.Victoria_Klahr
http://victoriaklahrwrites.blogspot.com/
 
 
 
 

