Chapter 1
Alex
One thing that sucks about the holidays is the idea that your parents drag you out to some remote location and of course, tell you everything is great. I however at my wits and I hate this, I’m a boy raised in the city. I am described as tall short-haired, dark-skinned, my mother is American but my Dad is South African. Now I understand the importance of family time, don’t get me wrong love my family, but that doesn’t mean I wanna be miserable whilst being with them. That was the situation, however, navigating life in the country like a farmer because that’s where my parents grew up and it makes them so happy to see their offspring experiencing what they experienced. The farm is basically an open area with multiple building for specific purposes, surrounded by a lot of plantations. At the farm, most of everything is reliant on water. For drinking, washing, cooking, cleaning and much more stuff, I can’t think of right now.
In terms of culture, it’s pretty outdated with women in the kitchen and men working outside then coming to eat. This can be very boring which is my biggest complaint is probably. Now while I may not enjoy it. There are some benefits to being here. The first is the fact that it’s quiet, meaning I can sleep all day or at least try to survive my misery. Other ways include playing games on my phone, keep in mind no cell service so of course most of my online games don’t work and those are the good ones. So let’s meet my co-star(s)
Now on a farm, she’s the girl who lives next door, I don’t know who she is. From what I can tell they my dad and her dad are good friends since Mr Refiloe is always here with his daughter. 
I am sitting on the porch and she walks by, she catches my gaze and I gaze back. 
Dad: “Alex stop staring and get over here”
I was staring at her and dad noticed. Me and dad like quipping each other, it’s our thing you know.
He makes fun of my awkwardness.
I make fun of his age not that he's old or at least he doesn’t act old.
Alex: “What you want old man?” I smile at him
Dad: “I know you hate it here but try to enjoy the fresh air”
Alex: with a sceptical face “yeah sure Dad”
Dad: “I need you to go to the tap and get some water” handing me a bucket
Alex: “alright!”
Now I didn’t notice what my dad was doing, I'm usually self-aware. 
It did seem weird he was sending me out to get water however there were so many reserves I already filled. The Tap was some distance away so yeah, Why not just get some from the large drums
I realized later when I reached the tap walking past the acres upon acres
I get to the tap and start filling the bucket
Then suddenly behind me
?: “Hey Alex”
Alex: “umm ahh Hey” my face is flustered
Why am I so shy?
?: “I live next door, I usually come by with my dad”
Alex: “well yeah I’ve seen you around but how do you know my name”
?: “oh I kinda asked your mom,” she says this with a wide smile and also really weirdly
I could swear she was blushing
Janice: “I’m Janice by the way”
Giving me her hand to shake
Alex: “Nice to meet you Janice, so where’s your bucket”
Janice: “I actually just came to talk to you” now I’m blushing
Alex: “why”
Janice: “I’m super bored here and I thought you and I could have some fun or share some interests”
Her eyes are looking at mine as if they’re magnets
Alex: “Interests huh, well I’m a pretty boring person”
Janice: “I don’t believe you”
Alex: “I’m serious, I was your typical high school nerd”
Janice: “Have you seen yourself lately, you look far from a nerd”
I’m actually well built, but nothing impressive.
Alex: “well I do try to destroy the stereotype”
Janice: “I’m impressed though, Brains and Brawn. Your girlfriend must be so happy”
Alex: “I don’t have one”
That’s a clever way of finding my relationship status
Janice: “How come?” 
Why is she suddenly so excited?
Alex: “it’s just never worked out with my previous girlfriends”
Janice: “Well I can’t see how someone like you has been single for so long”
Alex: “I’m kinda used to it”
"Try not to cry Alex", I say in my head "the past is the past" 
Janice: “so I’m free tomorrow, If you’re willing to hang out because I’m sure that’s gotta be better than sleeping all day”
So true
Alex: “Cool, I’ll be there “
Janice “great!”
She turns and skips away likes she’s an infant.
Guess I get to Gawk at her again
Now Janice is a bit taller than most girls and she wears a lot of short stuff or maybe she does it for my attention. I sometimes catch her looking in my direction when we’re sitting together for breakfast with her and her dad
Short skirts and short shorts
She is very Light-skinned, perfectly caramel.
I just love staring at her legs more than anything. She however has a very curvy shape so it’s hard to say what her best feature is, just like your perfect Instagram model
Brunette hair long straight hair
I had by this time realized the purpose of my father sending me to the tap
I’m guessing Janice asked a lot about me and my dad took the hint and gave us some privacy
I left after throwing away the water I had filled, no point in hard labour anymore 
I got back to the main house left the bucket empty at his feet and walked away
Dad: “NO THANK YOU!?” my dad says this while beaming a smile at me
I waved him off not willing to give him the satisfaction
So I retired to my room
It used to be my dad’s room and it’s littered with Classic records of Bob Marley and some 90s rap. It’s what I’d expect to find from a black dad. I thought since I wasn’t going to meet Janice until tomorrow I’d have to figure out something to do. So I decided to look through his stuff and see what I could find that’s interesting
Surely there must be a game of some sort or anything I could read that’s actually not old playboy magazines. That’s when I spot a VCR, these seem so old now yet when I was a kid they were so common or seemed like they would be the most modern thing ever. I dusted it off and plugged it in. I still had to go find a TV and some tapes though, maybe I’d watch some old movies. I went out of the room and heard moaning from mom and dad’s room. Well, they got me excited, normally I’d be freaked out but I’m happy they are still fucking often like a couple of horny teenagers. However, I need to find a screen to watch tapes on. 
After some thought, I remember seeing one in the attic so I go up there to check. Dad and I were cleaning the attic so low and behold there it was where I left it. It was pretty old and pretty small meaning easy to carry. I placed it on the nightstand simply because I didn’t have any other place to put it. 
Then to find some tapes, I checked everywhere and I couldn’t find any tapes which sucks so much, feels I just wasted time "sigh" 
Time to sleep then
Dad: “hey I noticed you were looking for some tapes, you wanna plug in the old VCR”
Alex: “I couldn’t find any!” which is really frustrating
Dad: “well when I went to college I took all of them, they got lost during my time there”
Alex: “you mean you drank and partied so hard, you have no clue where you put them?”
Dad: “exactly” why is he finding this all so hilarious? He is insane.
Dad: “however, the Ferguson’s say they have a collection of movies, if you ask them really nicely maybe you’ll get something”
Alex: “can’t I just say you sent me”
Dad: “Yes but where’s the fun in that”
Alex: “Thanks anyway”
As I make my way out of my room
Alex: “by the way dad, please slow down because mom can barely walk now!”
I don’t know if I crossed the line because he isn’t smiling but he doesn’t look angry, more annoyed I guess that his son is such a smart ass sometimes. So another walk because the Ferguson’s aren’t close, however, it’s worth it if I am occupied for the entire afternoon and night watching some classics.
I got to the door and knocked. It’s important to note that Mr and Mrs Ferguson are new to this area and are a young couple, how young? I’m 22 and older than Mrs Ferguson who is 19. Mr Ferguson played for one of the high school football teams we faced when I was playing. So we kinda know each other, anyway, Mr Ferguson generally is never around. Always working his land obsessively to the point of camping out there
Mrs Ferguson’s eventually answers the door
Mrs Ferguson: “Hello Alex, or should I say Arce”
My gamer handle, I forgot I used to play her in Overwatch
Alex: “Hey Mrs Ferguson, sorry to bother you, I’m just here to ask if I can borrow some videotapes from you”
Mrs Ferguson is Caucasian with blonde hair yet she’s really petite and short, her ass though is really large, not implant large but large
She invites me in and tells me strictly that this is Mr Ferguson’s collection and that I must return them tomorrow. I agree and start picking out the ones I’d like, taking as many as I can carry. Mrs Ferguson however is a fucking tease and she knows it. She was wearing only a white silk nightie that just got below her ass, since her husband doesn’t return home she does not need to get up and do much. As I was squatting skimming through movies descriptions on the cases, she was standing right over me trying to give me the best view of her pussy, I was trying so hard to ignore her.
Alex: “Jodie please stop, you always do this”
Mrs Ferguson: “it’s weird you using my name, I haven’t heard it in a while”
Alex: “yeah well things change when you’re married”
Jodie: “They do Alex, I really need to be honest right now okay”
Alex: “Alright! “
Jodie: “I am super horny today and you kinda remind me of Joe”
Joe is Mr Ferguson.
We are similar in stature and appearance
Alex: “yeah alright”
Jodie: “so I’m gonna play with myself and I need you to just watch okay, don’t touch yourself though”
Well I guess a free show wouldn’t hurt so long as she’s thinking of her husband through me
Alex: “alright Jodie, I’ll do this one-time”
Jodie: “yay” as she jumps up and down, her nightie constantly rising and dropping
She then stops and notices my eyes
Jodie: “you wanna see?” she seems confident
Alex: “yeah I do”
She raises it from the front and shows me a neatly shaven pussy, it’s so pink and looks so tight. She licks one finger and starts teasing her clit, letting out small moans whilst doing so. I am so close to her pussy that if I stick out my tongue I’d lick it.
Jodie: “oh that’s feels so good, I’ve always wanted you to see this Alex. We always played so well together in Overwatch”
Alex: “well you were rank 1 and I was rank 2, it was hardly fair”
Jodie: “I miss those days, I was at my happiest beating scrubs online with you”
Can you imagine she’s saying this whilst furiously playing with her clit? Maybe winning games turns her on because she was getting wet and every now and then she’d stick a finger inside and lick it. It was driving me crazy that I could only stare and not move. Her other hand goes to loosen the nightie so that she can play with her tits as well. I feel like she was trying to see if she could get me to touch myself
Cum started dripping down her leg and her moaning gets louder, she realises standing is becoming uncomfortable for her so she gets a chair and sits down while I stay in my original position.
She keeps going with her fingers now putting two inside her more regularly and her new position allowed her to slouch meaning she could show me the pink inside of her pussy knowing that whenever she did my body would twitch with excitement. I'm starting to wonder when Jodie will cum, I was so desperately craving her juices, she had already soaked the carpet where she was standing. She then exposes both rock hard nipples and licks them
Her next move reminds me of how expertise at gaming she is, It is so well thought out because it definitely gets me to precum, she takes her wet fingers dripping with her cum and gags herself with them, right then I almost lose it. She then drools all over her tits.
Jodie: “did you like that, your pants say you did and your face says you did and your body is shaking”
Alex: “Yeah oh my gosh you”
She stopped me mid-sentence by putting her finger on my lips, the same fingers that were gagging her mouth and fingering her pussy which is still glistening by the way
Jodie: “sorry Alex it’s time for you to go, if you stay I’d fuck your brains out, I’m gonna take a shower and I guess I’ll see you around”
She gets up goes to the stairs.
Jodie: “thanks again” she waves. 
I couldn’t believe how blue balled I was. It influenced my movie selection as well, I was basically just looking for as much SN of the SNLV as I can. Again I grabbed as many as I can and left looking like a thief who forgot to get the bag. I got home and placed everything on the ground. Took off all my clothes and got into a frenzy
I would cum, rest, Wake up then restart,
I did this for some time, until evening. It’s not like I stopped myself. I was stopped by dad knocking on my door and telling me to stop playing with myself and come for supper. Normally I’d be okay to miss supper but my dad would be upset with me missing super, seeing it as rebellion. I went downstairs and to my surprise, Janice and her dad had joined us. Janice was eyeing me throughout the entire meal. At some point, I thought there was something weird that was on my face. The look of pure desire I guess while our dads talked about old times, mom was chatting to my aunt and we were quietly just minding our meals
Anyway soon enough I finished my food and decided to go to my room, I climbed the stairs and thought about climbing to bed. Then there was a knock on my door, I had left the door ajar so I just had to look and Janice came through
Janice: “Hey stranger, you didn’t say much at dinner”
Alex: “it’s been an interesting day, I had a lot to think about”
Janice: “mind telling me about it, I mean how weird could it have been”
She sits on my bed next to me, I decide to tell her what happened at Jodie’s
During the story, I could see her tits hardening and her breathing getting a bit heavier. She even started rubbing her thighs together
She was only wearing a top, shorts and slippers
Janice: “wow that’s amazing, it has been an interesting day”
She started moving closer to me
Janice: “she must really like you though, really wish I was there though because it must have been so hot”
Alex: “I guess so, it’s just a really amazing moment”
Janice: “I want to try though”
Alex: “what!!”
Janice: “I wanna play with myself in front of you”
Alex: “why”
Janice: “because your story got me so wet and I really like you”
Alex “Well” I grin!













Chapter 2
Alex
Janice is wearing a pink Crop Top and Jean shorts. Her slippers however are of lilac colour and of course, her toenails are pink. Too much pink already, from nails she had, I don't think she had those when we first met earlier so it must have been done recently.
Janice: “I don’t know if you remember that we used to play together when we came here as kids”
She is saying this whilst slowly untying her top
Janice: “you were always so kind and funny, I miss those days because my life hasn’t gotten any better”
Alex: “......” I am a bit distracted right now
Janice: “I just really like you Alex, now obviously I can’t say I love you but I’m hoping our friendship can be more”
Well your tits are out
Janice: “I know it’s a lot to take in, but don’t worry, I wanna make you happy alright babe”
Babe!?
Janice: “Alex ..... Alex! Alex!”
I had blacked out for a sec, I can only get horny so often in one day. Janice was persistent and she was also creative firstly pushing me down on the bed then taking off her shorts and of course, she isn’t wearing panties
Janice: “I know I’m attractive but you make me feel like a god sometimes Alex, I like making you feel that way though. I also like that I can turn you on”
Well my dick was clearly hard and she of course noticed after pushing me on the bed and how have I not said a word yet
Alex: “Ahhh!”
You’re a genius Alex, no really, one word, say something meaningful. 
Janice: “hehe” she’s actually giggling
Janice closes the door still visibly laughing, before moving closer to me and sitting on my chest, her pussy is mere centimetres away from me and I can tell my story did get her wet. That makes me think why would it make her wet unless she was into girls, or maybe me being turned on. Such intellectual thoughts dissipate when she inserts a finger inside her and then takes it out and licks it
Janice: “Jody did this right” smirks
Alex: “uhuh” I am smart I swear.
And she keeps going fingering herself, I being the genius I am, no really this time I did good Janice was only capable of using one hand at a time because she needed the other to balance herself. I decided it would be best she can use two, so I bend my knees so that she can lean back on them
Janice immediately takes notice before looking straight at me with glee.
Janice: “thank you, babe”
There’s that word again
Alex: “Uhuh”
I hope I’ll be able to speak again, now the best thing about Jodie’s pussy is how tight it looked. Janice though has something else which is a beautifully trimmed bush and of course a really wet pussy that drips on my chest. Janice starts going slow with one finger but when her other hand is freed she puts two fingers while massaging her clit making sure to spread her pussy and show me the pink inside. All while she grinds on my dick using her back. A pretty sight for an onlooker as well. Her moaning isn't that loud though, both a curse and a gift. No one, not even someone outside the door will hear but I myself want noise. Although I’m not complaining because this is the hottest thing I've seen since well Jodie but before that, it’s the best thing ever. I can hear the slushing whenever her fingers dug in
Janice: “Alex I don’t think it’s fair that you torture yourself by just watching
Alex: “uhuh”
Janice: “babe take out your cock and stroke it for me”
I needed no further invitation I take it out and she immediately started stroking it herself
Janice: “you’re so hard babe, I wanna six nine”
Janice clearly in control turns around and pushes my legs down, her face right on top of my dick. She is timid with it at first, just licking before trying to deep throat as much as possible
I’m too preoccupied trying to swallow as much pussy as I can, she tastes so good, such a surreal moment
Janice: “Fuck Alex that feels so good”
Janice, beside herself, is actually starting to moan now and she combats this by muffling herself with my dick, I suck hard on her clit and it gets swollen. I’ve always wanted to lick a girl’s ass, so I make sure that the tip of my tongue would touch her asshole. That made her start squirming on top of me, she sits up a bit more trying to give me better access. I then insert my tongue inside and she definitely moaned loud, she didn’t seem to care anymore about whether or not she was making noise. She uses one hand to spread her ass cheeks and the other to keep stroking my dick
Janice: “Yes baby just like that, lick my ass it feels so good”
Janice is now dirty talking and I know right then that I am gonna love this girl
Janice: “you like licking your girlfriend's ass, it feels so good when you do that, fuck Alex I can’t wait for you to stretch it out, put your hard cock deep inside it”
Wait, girlfriend?!
Janice: “you’re so good at that babe, you wanna spank me too, I’ve been such a dirty girl, coming in here and masturbating in front of you. My pussy gets so wet when I’m at home thinking about you”
I think my ego is being fed here but yes I do like the dirty talk
If anything it just makes me try harder to make her cum
Spank!!
Janice: “oh yes that feels so good daddy, hit it again, I’ve been so bad daddy get your cock hard making you take it out and licking it”
Baby to Daddy, I’m in cloud 9 now, and I’m about to cum
Spank!!
Janice: “Ohhh Daddy harder”
Spank!!!
Janice: “oh fuck daddy I want you inside me now”

Janice: “you don’t have a condom do you daddy, wouldn’t want you to get your baby pregnant now would you”
Alex: “I’m sorry baby I don’t have one”
Well I guess role-playing got my words back
Janice: “don’t worry daddy, I’ll just grind on your hard dick”
I can’t believe this
Janice: “Daddy go slowly okay, I’m so sensitive, let me get your cock wet so that you can grind on me
Janice is so hot! slowly, she licks my dick up and down before moving her ass away from my face, she positions herself facing up with her pussy right on the tip of my dick. I’m so tempted to just push it in, and under her breath, she is actually singing
Janice: “I’m about to grind Alex, I’m about to grind Alex”
I can’t help but smile listening to it 
Janice: “aww Alex you’re so hard for me, rub that dick slowly okay, I want to enjoy this”
I push up as she pushes down and she can’t help but just ever so slightly put it inside 
Janice: “awww my god Daddy, it’s so good inside me, okay daddy pull it out now, but slowly okay so that I feel every inch of it”
I ease of as she stays still, eventually, I’m out but she is still super horny
Janice: “alright Daddy just grind it on me”
I wanna go back inside you 
Janice: “Yes daddy be gentle okay, I’m so excited to have you in there “
Now at this point, I was rapidly going up and down rubbing against her lips, she is having trouble staying balanced whilst I do this. She makes a noise at the mere feeling of pressure when I was press in, however, clearly, the feeling turned her on as she was furiously rubbing her clit.
After a while, she can't use her hands to hold herself up and she instead leans back against me until her tits are next to my head.
Janice: “daddy I want you to see how bad I’m being, playing with myself in front of you, your cock feels so good, keep going don’t stop ”
She convulses, becoming silent before letting out a loud moan, she trembles a bit from her orgasm.
I was going slowly then I started going super slow, I stop when it was clear she was done, she closes her legs, clearly still recovering
Janice: “your turn!”
She quickly turns over showing some energy, clearly excited for a big moment
Janice: “cum for me daddy, cum for me also you better come see me tomorrow after this, okay!”
Her face goes from serious to really adorable really quickly, she is already working on her reward, her hands are stroking my dick and licking the tip, she is really good at this, and throughout it all, she is looking right at me with her beautiful eyes, she is definitely good at this, I am about to cum so hard, with all the teasing she does with her tongue.
Eventually, I sigh deeply and cum all over her hands, and some on her face
She laps up all of it
Janice: “all done, thanks!” she seems satisfied.
Alex: “yeah don’t mention it”
Janice: “okay I gotta go before people start asking what we’re doing, my dad is probably knocked out”
*downstairs* Dad: “you know my son likes your daughter
Her-Dad: “you know my daughter likes your son”
They both laugh like the drunk idiots they are
Dad: “Can you imagine my best friend daughter and my son! ha that would be something, hey we would be related” they laugh themselves into unconsciousness.

*upstairs*
Janice starts dressing up, she does it slowly though l, as if she doesn’t want to leave
Janice: “bye Alex, see you tomorrow, you better show up”
Alex: “Uhuh”
She immediately left and soon the downstairs noise which our parents were making was broken up by Janice trying to get her dad sober enough to go home
Janice: “dad lets go, say goodbye”
Her-Dad: “hey Honey, we were just talking about you and your crush”
Janice: “Dad LETS GOO!!”
Man tomorrow might be a great day

Janice

My name is Janice, I’m your friendly neighbourhood side chick. Okay, that’s a bit extreme. But I’ve been around the block and the sack. I went to a prep school and the first thing I realized was these guys are not only rich but morals mean nothing to them. If one couple is making out and since all other rooms have got a couple making out, It becomes two couples making out in one room which leads to 3 then multiples couples in multiple rooms having sex. One guy says “yo dude can I join that and you take my girl”
The girl's way too horny to say no agree and there we go, Orgy! These weren't one time things but things that happened often at my school. I’d eventually partake in one, the girls that seemed to get the most attention were the most attractive, the best prepared or the ones willing to do the most always getting priorities at school
Because of course, the guys’ dads owned the school. That’s not to say the girls didn’t have a say but if you could handle guys and still be able to appease the girls that are not stealing the boyfriends of the most powerful girls then yeah, you’d have a very bright future perhaps even an easy life
From full scholarships to gifts like vacations or just straight-up cash from the party host who needed you to show up so that their party wouldn’t suck. All in all, it seemed a community whose currency was the best sex. now when I said I took part in it, I mean I wanted to understand the system and own it

Almost as if the school had a mandatory sex education lesson Girls needed to take, now you’re wondering where are the feminists in all this, the ones who protect women’s rights, they were the ones trying to get internships to females organizations, very difficult to get recommendations are dependent on student perception. Refuse and your application is not looked at twice. what about the police, well I’d say it’s illegal but the school is at liberty to hand out these recommendations of their own accord so no entity has a say in this and the sex culture is the best-kept secret in the country. Either that or my parents are stupid!
Anyway, I was one of the best sluts on campus id fucked every guy who of course wasn’t dating a girl who could curtail my efforts to win major awards, recommendations, scholarships. I’d get to go to the school of my choice and I’d started to like sex, perhaps you’d say I was an addict, Well not really though but sex was something I did on a bi-weekly, and since I was so good I’d always have someone at my beck and call. Now you would think a confident girl like me was happy with her life and well fulfilled but there’s still insecurity
I have lighter skin, Lovely curves and I take care of myself, the straight her was inspired by a model, almost wore glasses too, I managed with a lot of exercises to get that perfect roundness to my thighs, I know a lot about beauty products skincare, hair care eventually I realized I wanted to be a beauty expert or fitness expert. The one insecurity I have comes from my older sister, Sandra
Now Sandra is 3 years older than me, she’s 24 and I’m 21, and well she is your average ratchet, she knows all the cuss words and all the gang signs. Judging by the fact I think gangs have signs shows how little I know, Sandra has always had a complex of jealousy about me because the reason for how different she is has to do with the fact she had to go to a public school. I got everything I wanted and Sandra worked for all she wanted. Money was scarce when Sandra started high school but when my dad finally got recognized as an intelligent architect and started helping in larger-scale projects instead of small markets. I moved to prep school while Sandra had already graduated, she’d manage to graduate high school was working during a free time. Almost as if I’d stolen her childhood, Sandra didn’t hate me but the preppier I became the more distant she was
My insecurity was id lost my big sister, Sandra moved out after high school telling my parents that university was not for her. She’d gotten a job outside the state and was eager to move on, my dad could only agree and let her go and She’d visit during Christmas. What was weird was never had Sandra told me about a boyfriend, She’d had sex yes but an actual serious relationship was never mentioned, I was beginning to think she was not into guys at all. She did tell me she was during one drunk Christmas evening a bisexual and just said she spent so much time being an adult that she forgot about social life. Sandra was still very distant, replying to my messages after weeks. I’d even stop acting so preppy just so that she’d talk more but when I did it seemed she was put off by it and further distanced herself and whenever I tried to talk to her last year she’d make an excuse, avoid eye contact. I started hating myself, I remember mom arguing about it.
Mom: “she’s your sister and she misses you! You can hate us but she didn’t do anything to you”
Sandra: “I just don’t wanna talk about this okay Mom, I just wanna eat like a normal family and deuces”
Mom: “Sandra come on you don’t ever call. Whenever J sees you she gets so excited but then you look her out, you don’t talk to me anymore”
Sandra: “I...I can’t, I’m out”
Passing me on the way out
Sandra: “bye J”
She left right there and then

That’s the day I gave up, I finished my final year of school without saying a word to her, It hurt though and I guess it showed as I was no longer interested in orgies or whatever erotic event I’d usually attend to improve my Grades and or earn cash. It’s also amazing how no one has noticed the number of porn stars who came from my school amongst many famous people. So I had gone to the farm this holiday
And I’d spotted someone who reminded me of what it was like to be happy, Alex, when we were kids, I was about 10 I remember playing with him. He hated the farm but he was so very determined to have fun. and I joined him. We chased a frog all day after he dared me to kiss it so he could meet the prince, we never did catch that frog. One time I asked him to show me his penis because I’d never seen one before and he said only if I showed him my ass. That’s right not my pussy, not my boobs which were non-existent. My ass because he wanted to see if it looked like his. The innocence was wonderful and also the first sexual thing I’d ever done
I’d play with him and would tell Sandra about it and she’d laugh and say I like him which I’d deny till I cry, and I’m light so I’d get so red-faced when she mentioned him to our parents. That’s around the time my dad and his dad started being best mates again, they had learned together but life had made them lose contact but their children seemed to be close. It felt like fate and they talked regularly, Dad would joke about What Alex’s dad said. Unfortunately, Alex had completely forgotten about me since I didn’t have a phone to actually call him and never visit the farm again because we’d have to work holidays for money. Until this year our first year back in over 10 years, When I saw Alex I was so excited
I greeted him and he looked surprised I was talking to him, He was so hot too, taller and well developed physically. His voice was warm and clear, yet he seemed so innocent, still!. I hadn’t been this horny in a while, later I went to his place with my dad, they immediately got drunk and started enjoying themselves. Mom left claiming she was not willing to lift him back home and Alex’s mom knew she wasn’t gonna talk to a Sober man tonight so she went to bed after their aunt left.
I went to Alex’s room, I’d been eyeing him all night and that’s when he told me a story about a girl named Jodie, Jodie wasn’t exactly unknown, I knew some young couple lived some plantations away but didn’t think I’d ever meet them. However, the story was so sweet and it reminded me of my natural competitiveness when it comes to sex, I wanted to make sure I’d outdo Jodie’s performance, and I pulled out almost everything. I even called him daddy because of our dad’s friendship and the intrigue of it all. My effort though meant that Alex would cum hard in my face and I’d of course not been completely satisfied but well mission accomplished
Anyway, I was still some way away from being done with Alex, the next day we have a date, we just spend time learning about each other. 
Alex: “oh my god your amazing Janice!”
Janice: “I know babe, please call me J next time! My family calls me J and my friends call me J and you’re so sweet”
Alex: “Are you gonna stay the night or!”
Janice: “no I wish, Dad will expect to find me home when he wakes up from the hangover”
Alex: “okay J, let me walk you out or take you halfway at least”
Janice: “you such a gentleman, or are you doing this because a hot girl gave you the best sex ever and you kinda owe her”
Alex: “Both”
"Good answer Alex!" I think to myself, We walk and he tells me all about how life has been since the infant days, His relationship with Jodie immediately makes me Jealous. His dad and how close they are. I can’t help but like Alex though and I was honest when I told him I wanna him more than his friend or fuck buddy. We walk all the way to my house mainly because he got distracted talking to me, I noticed and was happy to let him go all the way
Alex: “why’d you let me walk you all the way?”
Janice: “well because I like you and I’m happy when we talk”
Alex: “well I guess this is goodnight"
Janice: “yeah I guess so!”
Then he turns and walks away
Janice: “Alex! You're just gonna leave like this”
Alex: “yeah!”
He turns walks about 5 steps and I'm already turning around disappointed and then he jogs back picks me up by my thighs so that my pussy is perfectly on top of his actually hard dick, always hard like a stallion although the only thing separating penetration are his pants, since I am wearing a skirt with no panties. We kiss and is this our first passionate kiss, and I feel how excited he is as he grinds on my pussy. I can’t help but moan a bit because I’m so horny, I reach down and unzip his jeans and allow his dick to enter my pussy. It’s so hard and Alex’s dick is so perfect for my pussy, it hits by spot almost every time, and I’m dripping for him and we’re actually fucking outside my door or the porch. I’m happy we are because I hadn’t cum until Alex got me to cum just now
Alex: “J cum for me, please cum J”
Janice: “well if you ask like that I won’t stop
Alex then licks my neck and I’m sent into euphoria because it’s now one orgasm then the next and another, my first multiple orgasms and for someone who has been involved in group sex this was it. Someone who doesn’t use me but loves me. That’s what gets me going, and I never wanted it to stop but all good things come to an end
The door behind us opens and Sandra is there

Sandra: “this one is cute J, where’d you get him”
Alex and I are surprised
Sandra: “sorry to disturb but J you’re moaning like a truck and I’m sure the neighbours think we’re sex addicts”
We still have a shocked look on our faces
Sandra: “anyway sis I don’t wanna keep you from cumming all over our front door but you gotta save this for later, mom is waking up okay”
Sandra is older than me, she’s slightly shorter but she has it, the ass and boobs, on top of seeing fit to answer the door only wearing her underwear and bra, Her body was not the same as mine but it was unique, The curves, the petiteness she could pull off and of course, her black skin was flawless
Sandra: “J get in and stop it already”
I was actually subconsciously still going up and down. Sandra pulled me off Alex and into the house.
Sandra: “I knew you liked him J,
Sorry, Alex but it seems you were done Already, anyway I’ll see you soon, Sandra closes the door and I walk to the window and wave bye at Alex. He smiles back hopefully not too frustrated at what happened and walks home. I then glare at Sandra 
Sandra: “just looking out for you J”
Janice: “now of all days you care”
Sandra: “J?!”
I walk away before she finishes into my room and I don’t know how I feel
Sandra is back I’m happy but she left me I’m sad, Alex made me cum a lot, but we didn’t do all we wanted to
“Knock knock”
Sandra: “J please open the door”
I can’t I’m already crying thinking about all the stuff we went through
Sandra: “J please open the door.................J please, J I wanna talk, please! I’m sorry okay... what I did to you was unfair, just let me in”
My head is saying no but I can’t let my sis cry alone. So I let her in, and we’re both too hysterical to actually talk and it’s all a lot of mumbling
We end up sleeping together, she tells me about all her failed relationships
How she wanted to be independent and prove she didn’t need us but it was to no avail. Seeing me being so capable, made her hate herself because she thought she’d never been as good as me, never be able to achieve the things I’m gonna achieve. I was crying again when she told me that, I told her about my school and what I had to do, about how I was finally happy again with Alex tonight and how I might have found someone I actually like.
We eventually laughed at how she made him cum and not me. I remember the first thing she said was how cute he was and I even hinted that maybe for his birthday I do a threesome because Sandra is the only girl I would allow to touch Alex if he were mine that is.
The next morning I woke up we wanted to bake some Cupcakes, they taste so good and I needed to have some fun to try and create a bond. Mom saw us smiling and having fun in the kitchen she joined in, my mom is not a prude either understanding every single joke we had even the dirty ones. Like how my cupcakes somehow managed to look good instead of the usual burnt ones I make.
Sandra “must be the Alex effect”
Mom: “forget Alex, it’s the every guy effect”
Janice: “Mom!” 
Mom: “Sweetie if you knew how many guys I chased way when they came looking for you”
Janice: “Every guy literally just starts like Sandra as soon as they see her”
Mom: “Ohh yes remember Tim, he came over with your father’s boss”
I remember he asked to cook with J then Sandra came and said she loves a man who can cook
Tim then said that he was an expert before serving the worst burger I’ve ever had”
Sandra: “I remember, how do you mess up a burger “
The good vibes we have as a family!
We then went to watch movies and it was a seemingly perfect day, Dad came home and was rather surprised to see us all asleep on the sofa, He put a blanket over us and then went to shower before leaving.
Weeks went by with Alex and Sandra
Alex was now seemingly getting busier on the farm enjoying time spent with his Dad (I would watch him laugh as they worked together, Alex wasn’t much interested in farming but he did it for his dad) and I was stuck at home with Sandra, well it’s not all bad, Sandra kinda does all my chores. She’d actually come to make amends with everyone, including my Mom and Dad. Dad was so happy to see her he didn’t even let her complete apologizing and Mom was hysterical and that’s where we get it from. Mom looks a bit like her though I’d tell you that, she is actually taller than both me and Sandra but is got my Middle Eastern skin and of course the biggest tits in the house
She wears sundresses because she enjoys wearing more loose clothing, she’s got red and I mean naturally red hair like some sort of unicorn or I don’t know and has a real sultry voice compared to Sandra’s throaty voice and my schoolgirl's voice. Anyway, I’d sleep all day maybe try and catch glimpses of Alex working, his sweat reminded me of our first night together and we’d yet to have sex since then. A bit frustrating but opportunities aren’t very easy to find, I understand that, Alex understands that
Sandra However
Sandra: “isn’t your pussy craving Alex”
Janice: “we went over this Sandra”
Sandra: “yeah but if my guy was right there and I’d gone two weeks, man I’d fuck him right on top of the crops”
Janice: “yeah sure you would”
Sandra: “don’t test me J, I’ve been stealing your boyfriends for years although I knew you didn’t care about em that boy likes me and I will!”
Janice: “well Dree”
I’m afraid of Sandra, she’s both sexy enough, Crazy enough and capable of stealing Alex. It’s just that I’ve seen Sandra at work, I learned a lot about how to talk to guys from her.

Janice: “Dree!?”
Sandra: “J?!”
Janice: “You think we could actually ever do a threesome one day”
Sandra: “with who, you’re not thinking of Inviting Alex are you”
Janice: “well I know you wanna steal him, I want him to of course if he is gonna cheat, with my permission and not because you coerced him“
Sandra: “I see and you won’t mind when he chooses me over you “
Janice: “wait, wait why he would choose an old bat like you”
Sandra: “Oh honey, wanna bet”
Janice: “yeah let’s go Dree, I always win bets”
Sandra: “never a bet like this”
Janice: “then I bet that Alex won’t cheat on me no matter what you do
Sandra: “okay J loser does all chores for a week”
Janice: “deal”

Alex
Recently I’d been working a lot with my dad, it’s not bad, I mean I don’t enjoy it but my dad is so fun to spend time with, he genuinely loves hanging out with me. I hadn’t seen J in a while, normally I’d be really affected but I was for once okay with it since I knew it wouldn’t be long until we have another special night. I mean who could forget her moaning, her laugh, her smile the way she says my name
Dad: “Son!!”
And I was daydreaming again
Dad: “save those thoughts for your room, pass me the shovel, there are some weeds here”
I give him the Shovel and continue ploughing, normally I’d be able to tell you why we’re ploughing but I just took instructions and executed on them, but we’d spend hours talking and sometimes we’ll be in silence
During our break though
Dad: “so son tell me, Janice, or Jodie, plan on making a decision”
Alex: “umm well, I mean, Jodie is married Dad consider that, so I guess Janice is my only option”
Dad: “son we both know that she likes you more than that guy”
Alex: “then why marry him”
Dad: “not sure, maybe she didn’t know what she wanted, it’s hard to say”
Alex: “Look, Dad, I like her, but she made her decision so I’m gonna make mine”
Dad: “I understand that just don’t be so quick to close doors”


























Chapter 3
Alex

*cough cough*
Alex: “I told you mom I don’t know how I got sick”
Mom: “well you better get better soon, your father really relies on your workload”
Alex: “We have money and a great house at home, I don’t get how”
Mom: “uhuh”
Moms glare always had me silent, I didn’t get why we had to work so hard on a farm which wasn’t even our main source of income. Dad would hire people during normal months to take care of the house and work the land but on holidays they’d go home and we’d come here like slaves on the cotton field. I had already worked past last year’s quota but Dad wanted more from me, and I faked being sick. It wouldn’t work for long though, mom would have a doctor coming by tomorrow so obviously, I’d have to fake getting better all of a sudden. There was one good perk to being sick and that’s Janice
Janice: “baby are you feeling better, what you want me to get you, some water, juice, milk or a blowjob, maybe my pussy juice or maybe you wanna fuck me, I’ll even give you my ass”
Alex: “babe I’m not sick and I told you that an hour ago and you're still pretending like “
She was such an airhead sometimes and I know it’s only with me
Janice: “so can I suck your dick again”
Alex: “I came 5 min ago babe after the last blow job”
Janice: “yeah but your cum tastes so good”
Alex: “you’re a sex addict and you're crazy “
Janice: “well,” I think she enjoys me calling her that, she seems glad I said it. I love her!
Janice: “alright babe since you’re not gonna let me do anything I’m gonna go do my chores, Sandra says she’s not doing everything today”
Alex: “Bye J”
She kisses me then makes her way out
And she’s gone
I was of course prepared to sleep but then in comes Mrs Ferguson or should I say, Jodie
Jodie: “Arce I hear your sick”
Oh no
Alex: “now I know you’re up to something”
Jodie: “Alex whatever would I be planning?”
If there’s anything I know about Jodie she’s a conniving manipulating mischievous bitch who I love and miss
Alex: “sigh”
Jodie: “Alex come on you always so suspicious”
Alex: “Because you’re an evil person”
Jodie: “Don’t be so cruel 
I only came to drop off some movies for you”
Alex: “really?”
Jodie: “yeah you ass ”
Alex: “well I’m sorry Jodie”
Jodie: “uhuh sure here are your movies, I guess I’ll see yah when you return”
Alex: “wait Jodie don’t leave”
Jodie: “what is it”
Alex: “I’m just don’t wanna let you leave while you’re upset”
Jodie:” Well I’ll leave here happy if you can make it up to me “
Alex: “How”
Jodie: “Same as before”
Alex: “Jodie no”
Jodie: “You said you wanted me to leave happy”
Ohhh I fell for the trap
Alex: “Jodie wait a minute Jodie we can’t keep doing this”
Jodie: “Yes we can”
Alex: “No we can’t “
Jodie: “Listen Alex are you gonna upset me and reject me all in one day”
Alex: “Jodie okay look I know you like playing with me but I already came today, Janice was just here”
Jodie: “I know I had to wait for her to leave. I know she’s super sexy, I can’t wait to see her reaction to when I
Janice: “I’m right here you dirty skank”
Oh shit
Jodie: “the only skank here is you Kim Kardashian Wannabe”
Oh shit
Janice: “nasty white bitches like you always gotta steal a man, that’s why you haven’t had sex with your husband in weeks, he afraid of all your STDs”
Jodie's face turns bright red
Oh shit
And immediately they are on top of each other and no surprise Jodie was already on top of Janice threatening a break her arm Thankful she has no clue how to do it but I had to break them up
Alex: “girls please, please we need some decency”
Janice: “she wouldn’t know Decency if it hit her in the face”
Jodie: “Alex tell your girlfriend how her head is so far up her ass”
I would do anything to get outta here, It’s just commotion means noise, noise means mom coming back into the house, mom means I’ll get caught, And getting caught means I don’t get to keep avoiding work.
Alex: “Okay you two I need you to stop”
Janice: “I’ll stop when you tell your skank friend to take a hike”
Jodie: “I’m sure you’d know everything about skanks, I hear you swing at your house”
And then Janice tries to slap her, I’m in the middle trying to separate them but I can only do this for so long. Since Janice is the one who is seemingly the more aggressive of the two I decided to put her over my shoulder and hold her tight. Jodie is still shouting obscenities at her while I carry her to my room, I put her inside my room. 
Jodie: “good job Alex”
Janice: “ALEX YOU FUCKING DISGUSTING PERVE YOU WANNA FUCK HER AND MAKE ME LISTEN!!”
Alex: “Is that why you won’t go home, jealousy”
Janice: “I can’t live you with this bimbo, not after what I’ve heard you two did together”
Jodie: “you told her!”
Alex: “uhuh”
Jodie: “I thought you and I kept things secret, so much for our friendship, I’m going home”
Alex: “oh no you don’t”
I grab her hand
Me: “you two are gonna settle your issues, I know both of you love me so your gonna have to find a way to get along”
I put her inside my room, and lock the door
Me: “if anyone hurts someone else, they can forget about me being their friend or boyfriend, I’m gonna go sleep in the living room and leave you here so that I can rest for once okay. I’ll be back as soon as you two start getting along, I can’t have my best friend and girlfriend hate each other”
Janice & Jodie: “no don’t leave me with this bitch”
I was hoping they find common ground but then they continued arguing
Janice: “Whore”
Jodie: “dyke”
And I left.........

Jodie
I can’t believe Alex left me next to his dumb girlfriend. It’s not like I had anything against her just she was being so mean to me. I actually kinda liked her though, Alex was happy with her, I liked how she dressed, she had similar tastes to me in clothing, interests even how she did things, she was good to Alex and she was super-hot. I’d never been attracted to a girl before but if I was, but she had great skin that I wish I had. I was just a pale white girl so I guess I was a little jealous. And she kept going calling me names eventually I was sick of it and I turned away. I didn’t wanna let her see me cry.
Janice: “don’t turn away from me... Jodie! Jodie!!..... Jodie!!!!!”
Jodie: “leave me alone, I just wanna go home and forget about today” near tears
Janice: “Jodie I’m sorry..... I sometimes lose my head and it’s just I really like Alex and he really likes you because you like the stuff he likes and I feel left out when you talk to him and I have nothing to say so I’m kinda jealous of you”
I turned to look at her and for the first time in her face I saw myself, every insecurity I’d ever had right there
Jodie: “don’t be he really likes you, more than any of his previous girlfriends let me tell you”
Janice: “you think so”
Jodie: “I know so”
Janice: “I hope you can like teach me to play games and stuff ”
Me: “yeah that would be so cool”
Janice: “well how are we gonna get out of this”
I didn’t know, it was clear Alex got very upset seeing us fight
Janice: “turn around so and don’t cry”
Janice wipes my tears and jokes about my eyes being really adorable, like a cartoon character, she turns around as if she was about to do something she didn’t want to. Janice is wearing a blue dress and boots which is hiked up because of our fighting but it isn't very low, to begin with. Her ass is a pretty sight, the half I could see at least.
Janice: “hey look, you and I should start talking more, like. When Alex isn’t around”
Me: “Really, well that would be nice I guess”
I walk over to the desk in the room
Me: “come see this”
I wanted to show her something the photos of her and Alex we kids
Me: “remember this!”
Janice: “okay”
She walks over and gets embarrassed by how she looked back then, Alex was covered in mud and smiling because for some reason being a 10-year-old covered in mud was fun.
Janice: “he’s so cute, I’m not so cute”
Jodie: “he still actually says that whenever he sees a puddle he wants to play in it”

Janice: “nowadays though he seems like he’s more, I don’t know grown-up”
Jodie: “Ummm I don’t know“
Janice: “he still smiles a lot”
Jodie: “I mean he’s happy
Janice: “He’s only happy with you really, when we’re not fooling around he seems like he’s not interested”
Her expression changes
Janice: “Yeah but when I started it, it was because I thought were like, the same but things changed I guess”
Jodie: “they do but it’s not always as straight forward as that, opposites attract is a thing”
I turn her around
Jodie: “he had this to enjoy anyway”
I was referring to her ass
Janice: “Jodie could you stop”
Jodie: “Janice I know you’ve done way more than this, so come on stop whining and enjoy the attention, plus we have nothing to do, teasing Alex is my only form of entertainment, but teasing you is a new adventure”
Janice: “Jodie listen okay, I know I was a real bitch today, but I need you to stop before Dree gets maahh!”
I squeeze her ass but she was clearly not prepared
Janice: “oh that’s enough”
I was trying to make her smile because she was clearly very concerned about her relationship with Alex not lasting very long
Jodie: “your ass is the prettiest I’ve ever seen”
I spread her ass cheeks but at this point, she’s resisting quite a bit, however, her squirming makes me think she enjoys the attention
Janice: “why do people always play with my ass though, do they know much I like it”
Jodie: “maybe”
I just wanted to play with her ass but I couldn’t stop myself
Janice: “you are so naughty though I know you like teasing Alex, imagine he was watching us, he’d be so excited though”
She does have a dirty mind 
Jodie: “yeah that’d be so good”
Janice: “you’d like that wouldn’t you, using me to tease him”
Janice was now encouraging me to keep massaging her bottom, her hands had moved away allowing me to keep going and nothing to stop me
Jodie: “you know, if I knew you were this fun, I’d have visited you instead”
Janice: “I’m just thinking Alex would love this wouldn’t he”
That last one got me wet
Jodie: “okay, enough why are you good at this”

Janice: “once upon a time I was into girls, but that didn’t go so well”
Jodie: “really, is that why you almost kissed me on the bed”
Janice: “Maybe, I don’t know”
I moved my hands off her butt finally and moved them up her body
Jodie: “you’re so hot though, girl or boy, who wouldn’t”
Janice: “yes that’s what they say, but they never ask me if I’m happy about it or if it’s something I wanna hear”
I sensed that maybe she didn’t like being valued for her looks
Janice: “they would say, Janice, you are so beautiful, never what do you like, want to hang out or do you need help”
I was also starting to sense Janice didn’t have many friends
Jodie: “so what happened, did you not like high school”
Janice: “high school was alright!
It was a high school you know what I mean, it was different”
Jodie: “how different
Janice: “it was not great!”
Jodie: “okay I see well, do you wish it was better”
Janice: “I kinda wish I wasn’t who I am”
This surprises even me
Janice: “okay that’s enough call Alex we need to”
Jodie: “I’m sorry Janice” I genuinely feel this way
Janice: “uhuh, thanks (I move my face closer to hers)
It seems like I’m looking straight into her teary eyes, she seems as sad as I was when this started
She closes them and now I’m wiping tears from her eyes
While I do it she smiled
Janice: “I can’t believe you are doing this”
Jodie: “why not”
Janice: “it’s just girls are usually mean to me, so you know it’s a rare thing”
Jodie: “why would I be mean to you, I like you”
Janice: “because I’m pretty right and because of Alex”
Jodie: “because you’re genuine and you’re actually a nice person”
she smiles at me
Jodie: “come on let’s look at more photos of your boyfriend”
I pull out Alex’s photo book and we spend the afternoon laughing about some of the goofy things Alex did when he was younger
Alex’s mom (Rebecca): “Alex, Alex
Where are you?”
She unlocks the door, opens it and sees me and Janice inside
Rebecca: “well what are you two doing here?”
Jodie: “it’s a long story Becca, but thanks for letting us out”
Rebecca: “wait is Alex now looking women in his room, ALEX!”
Jodie: “no no no it’s not what you think, we were making noise”
Rebecca: “oh well thank goodness, wait were you crying, Jodie”
Women are always able to tell
Rebecca: “and you two Janice, why”
Janice: “it’s really complicated Ma’am”
Rebecca: “oh honey call me Becca, Ma’am makes me sound 40 which I am but please”
She comes over to us on the bed
Rebecca “listen, ladies, women talk about being united and all that but being united is actually helping each other, not crying together”
Janice: “I mean it’s hard to like trust women”
Rebecca: “it’s hard to trust anyone, I can’t trust Alex’s father to not go to the strip club every few weeks or Alex to stop leaving his pornography open when he goes to sleep, I think he gets the sex addiction from his father”
Janice and I laugh
Rebecca: “listen, girls, I hope that you actually talked to each other today because it’s really important that you're honest with one another, not lie, not smile and nod like your America’s next top model, be honest be direct, sometimes being honest and direct means you, of course, hurt each other but it’s better than pretending problems don’t exist”
Jodie: “well Jay and I were fighting over Alex that’s why he put us here”
Rebecca: “why, have you met him, he’s my son and I love him but he ain’t worth the grief”
Janice: “Becca how would you feel if Alex heard you”
Rebecca: “quite honestly I’d tell him to his face, I mean I can’t find him anywhere and he doesn’t know where I put his medication”

Meanwhile
Alex’s thoughts; “I was able to convince my mom I was sick, but if she keeps checking on me I’ll never get any rest, she’ll tell my dad I’m faking and suddenly I’m doing double work tomorrow “

In Alex’s room
Janice: “okay well for me I just find it hard trusting other girls”
Becca: “you wanna trust the other species who still have no clue what a period actually is”
Jodie: “could you stop” I was dying of laughter
Rebecca: “Okay listen, girls, Alex is just one guy, he’s a great guy, but one, Jodie you are married and I know it’s not the ideal wedding but it’s a commitment, and Janice I heard the noises you made in here, you two are actually quite similar, so I hope you become close to each other, also tell Alex when you see him I know he is faking, I entertained him because he is doing double work tomorrow regardless, I’m going to sleep, I’m tired of searching”
She walks out, Janice and I are a mixture of shock and uncontrollable laughter 

Alex

Alex: "are you going to the Fergusons farewell party"
Mom: "No honey, not today, you go say goodbye to your friends though"
Alex: "well how about you Dad"
Dad: "Sorry son, but your mom and I need some quality time"
Mom looks towards my dad, with a cheerful yet menacing smile. I can only be annoyed at the idea of understanding what quality time is.
So Jodie was going back to her home with Joe. Joe had not finished on the farm but was taking Jodie back, unfortunately, I'd have to wait till New Year’s Day to return which was a few weeks away. Jodie lived in and around the same area. Anyway, I had to attend the party which sucked because I would be going alone and well a lot of people seemed to be coming, Jodie mentioned a 100 person guest list. I am actually happy though because at least it seems that Janice and Jodie are now friends, better friends than I could ever wish for, Jodie, Janice and Sandra are now a triple threat on the farm. Everyone has noticed of course and been ogling what could be the hottest trio. Jodie has actually joined in the hottest girl games that Sandra and Janice usually do. I would be surprised if they had yet to have a threesome considering Janice and Jodie's friendship started from Janice flirting with Jodie.
Alex: "Mom I can't find my tie"
I hate formal, but it has a place where it belongs, my wedding and the dumb dress codes.
Mom: "it’s on our bed honey"
I picked up the tie was done, High Cuts, Jeans, Suit Jacket with a black shirt and black tie. For the journey, I take the car, didn't wanna dirty my clothes plus Dad was willing to do anything to get me to leave. I usually go at the time it says on the invitation and well coming at the time means you will be one of the first to arrive. I make my way in to find the triple threat on their usual rounds of comparing each other’s bodies.
Sandra: "you gotta admit J though it’s a big ass, I mean look at it"
Janice: "Dree I know but this dress just doesn't work, to show it off"
Jodie: "guys I can't keep changing outfits"
Alex: "indifferent emoji hey guys"
Jodie: "Alex"
Janice: "Alex! Babe"
Sandra: "Alex!!"
I should shut up because these girls are crazy, well actually J and Jodie have a problem, Sandra I can handle. They swarm me and of course, all of them want me as a date.
Alex: "you guys do this every day, can't you calm down and..."
I don't even get to finish before Sandra moves my hands to her arms and glares and Janice
Janice: "hey that's my boyfriend you!"
Jodie: "he sure seems to like touching Dree though, you sure he's *your* boyfriend"
Sandra has very aggressive intentions
Janice: "Dree Leave him alone!"

She is wearing a lovely short beige cocktail dress with cleavage, white heels
Sandra: "alright alright go ahead"
Janice grabs my arm and has me escorting her in
Janice: "fucken hell am I ever gonna be with *my* boyfriend"
Sandra: "at least he actually is your boyfriend”
Janice: "I just like him okay"
Jodie has on a purple Denim Dress,
Janice: "finally quality time with Alex"
Janice of course drags me around making sure to signal to everyone that I’m hers
Sandra: "yeah yeah we see you”
Jodie: "no comment"
We kiss, long enough that I don't want to stop.
Sandra: "J we need to help Jodie!"
Janice: "oh shit (immediately stops our kiss) sorry Alex gotta go"
They run up the steps, I go to the lounge to see the movie collection I had once analysed before. People start to pour in most of which were Joe's friends and I did not know them, I was engrossed in my movie research before a familiar voice comes through.
?: "Alex!"
Alex: "hey Rebecca"
Rebecca Armstrong, my varsity classmate who is a tennis player as well. She has tattoos around her thighs and back, a nose piercing, she’s quite extreme, always has red lipstick and is always dressed provocatively, today she had on a pair of shorts, denim, and bra and of course the tallest heels ever to hide her height. Sometimes the way she carries herself is what makes her irresistible, body-wise, she was shorter than most girls her other features like her childlike face, brunette short curly hair and her petite body make her the perfect teen looking girl until you meet her. She told me she has one more I’d never get to see.
Rebecca: "long time no see stranger, you look more interested in the casing than the field of women here"
Alex: "I would but I kinda been caught"
Rebecca: "by who, only other girl you would possibly be with is Jody and that went out the window"
Alex: "her name is Janice"
Rebecca: "Janice? Janice rich girl, model-like, Janice?"
Alex: "yes her why you sound like you know her"
Rebecca: "wow that's yeah that's a piece of work"
Alex: "well thanks"
Rebecca: "if she becomes a lesbian tell me"

Alex: "I won't let you date my ex"
Rebecca: "well, why not"
Alex: "it will bother me"
Rebecca: "well you won't want her anymore"
Alex: "You don't know that, I might be interested in her still"
Rebecca: "come on Alex, she's super-hot, I'd do it for you if a lesbian girl started to like guys"
Alex: "Is that supposed to make me feel better though"
Rebecca: "no it’s supposed to get you to understand were good friends that share"
Alex: "okay you win, but not Janice"
Rebecca: "really, you must like her"
Alex: "have ever been in love Becca"
Just like my mom, that’s how we became friends
Rebecca: "not yet, a few came close, but it all fades when you realise they just wanted the sex"
Alex: "well this is good sex and an actual understanding"
Rebecca: "well if you like her so much why aren't you with her"
Earlier I was given specific instructions by Janice, to keep my distance from her and Sandra, upon the fear that Sandra would play games with me.
Alex: "it’s complicated, I'll tell you why later"
Rebecca: "uhuh then why did you come, just to say bye to Jodie"
Alex: "no, well yes, and Dad told me to get the fuck out so that he could fuck mom, I was only too happy to leave"
Rebecca: "ha-ha he must be super horny, I don't blame him, and I hope your mom gets a good pounding"
Alex: "that’s my mom you’re talking about"
Rebecca: "I know right, anyway good seeing you, text me when you get home"
And off she goes, finishing her cocktail, clearly searching for a girl to take home.
I decide it's good to meet a few people. Firstly I met a girl named Rachael, we shared a lot of similarities, she's a black, busty slender girl who has a gorgeous face, still had one thing though, Rachael though is a very interesting person and of course, our conversation went well. I got her number, not bad for a guy who is off the market. I decide to say my farewell to Jody before sneaking past the moaning emanating from my upstairs room and try to find a place to sleep. I made my way through the crowds of people up the stairs to what I know Jodie's favourite spot is, the top of the house, where she can stare at the moon.
Alex: "sometimes. I wonder why you like it here so much.
I find her lying there.
Jodie: "well it has everything to do with the fact no one can find me"
Alex: "up step Alex, ready to ruin your day"
Jodie: "Alex let me ask you something, why Janice, like why her, what does she, have that other girls don't"
Alex: "uh, well, um she is super kind and...."
Jodie: "fuck forgot you can't read between the lines. What does she have that I don’t?"
Alex: "she has, it’s not about what she has, over you, and it’s just who she is, individually, she's something special to me"
Jodie: "what are you saying, so she's just special and I am not"
Alex: "you act as if I chose her over you"
Jodie: "it feels like it"
Alex: "I thought you were married"
Jodie: "it’s a sham wedding and you know it, I married him because I thought it would make my life easier, my mom, dad and sisters liked him and I was pressured
I'd rather be playing video games or watching Netflix all the time with you but now it’s like, that's never going to happen because you’ll be busy with her"
Alex: "that will never happen, I will always play with you"
Jodie: "and if she doesn't want you playing with me what will you say"
Throughout this entire conversation, Jodie had not looked at me once, constantly staring at the sky missing her own party
Her husband was talking to businessmen all night
Alex: "I'd, I'd have to break up with her"
Jodie: “you’d do that” I was shocked to hear him say that.
Alex: “I met Janice a month ago and yet I’ve been friends with you since the day you beat me at Overwatch”
Jodie: “I remember that day, I was on a tear”
Alex: “yeah you were so good”
Jodie: “you met Janice before me although you don’t remember. As for gaming think I’m rusty though, perhaps you’ll win this time”
Alex: “When I met you used to wear glasses, what happened to those?”
Jodie: “I remember I took them off and then you kept looking at me, that look you gave me, it was the, I want you to look, I liked being wanted so I got contacts the next day”
Alex: “how did you we never actually go out”
Jodie: “I don’t know Alex, we had those moments though, I remember I fell on top of you during our dance at the leaver party and wanted so bad to kiss you”
Alex: “you then started teasing me, trying to make me make the first move”
Jodie: “and you say I’m the evil genius”
Alex: “well your plan was genius, just didn’t work”
Jodie: “I wish it did, if I was with you I’d not be in the terrible situation I’m in now”
Alex: “I’m sorry Jodie, I should have asked you directly”
Jodie: “now what do we do, do you think if I were ever single we’d love each other”
Alex: “I don’t know when that’ll be, what I do know is that we’ll always be friends, always be close”
Jodie looks at me, she glares at me and it’s there I fall in love with her all over again, the moon shining off the side of her face, her skin, her legs and she moves her face ever so slightly to mine.
It’s probably here why we never dated because of our hesitation, but today wasn’t the day for that, I kiss her deeply and she is so energized by it writhing with excitement. Jodie and I have kissed many times but this was different
Not a kiss from a dare or one to annoy Janice, this was the type that I can’t forget because she was so happy during this one. We’re kissing on the roof so just about anyone on the driveway would notice if they looked up. 
We licked and sucked each other’s mouths, Jodie has another special unique thing and that’s her long tongue, it’s so beautiful to look at when she sticks it out which she never does but when she is kissing you it’s another level of sexy, Sandra has it too but you wouldn’t be focusing on that when she’s doing something else with her body
Jodie is very good at kissing, and when she is like this, there’s no stopping her.
Jodie: “lie down”
Alex: “what!”
Jodie: “lie down I don’t want to be spotted”
I could only do what she said quickly
he kissed me even more passionately and was now grinding her body all over me. She k that drove me crazy. Using her boobs as well rubbing on my chest
Jodie: “I wish I’d done this sooner but it was always a dream, but this is better than the dream because both of us will remember it”
Afterwards made sure her pussy was on my dick and keep rubbing 
Just her sheer determination was enough to get me really close to an orgasm
The sounds of fabric vibrating filled the cool night air, it was perfect.
After sometimes I was amazingly close to an orgasm
Jodie: “you’re not gonna cum yet, I want this to last forever, maybe I’ll slow down”
Alex: “please!”
And so she did, gently kissing my neck slowing her movement massaging her breasts sometimes licking up and down my face
She pulled up her dress and guided my hands to her butt
Jodie: “you know Alex, this is actually just as fun as playing games”
Alex: “you do know this is the best dry hump ever”
Jodie: “I know, I love seeing you like that”
She starts humping faster
Jodie: “Listen, Alex, I wish I could fuck you but because I’m a married woman and I don’t have the heart to do it considering those vows I made but I want to make you happy, happier than ever, tonight at least”
She unbuttons my pants begins the ravaging of my dick, she starts to make sure the dick hits the side of her mouth and pops it out making a specific erotic pop sound, licking from the base of balls to the top now and then.
This process is repeated over and over again, increasing furiously, she is also moaning during the moments she used to breathe, I couldn’t take much more of this told her I was about to cum, She sticks out that long tongue and I could not have given her more cum.
Some of it sprayed on to her eyes and hair, but she smiled as if she hoped that would happen
Jodie: “that was awesome Alex, you gave me a lot, I’m happy “
Alex: “that was really good
I am so tired, I wait a bit to recover some energy, Jodie lies next to me happy and blissfully asleep
I carry her downstairs to her room and place her on her bed before leaving the room. Janice comes by drunk and says we should do something together on the roof, I wasn’t about to do it twice in one night so I take her home, Sandra seems occupied with some rich businessmen who are seemingly more interested in her ass over anything she is actually saying, Sandra, is of course all too happy to give them a better view.
After I leave J at home I see Rebecca’s car, when I get there I make out two girls inside
Rebecca is making out with Rachael, I stay to watch them go at it, and their lipstick was all over their necks their chests. Rachael's legs are wide apart and her panties are to the side, she is playing with her pussy while Rebecca licks her neck, making her way down to licking her tits. Rebecca is good a seduction and this isn't her first time. 
Rebecca: “When I saw you talking to Alex I knew I had to have you”
She said and they kept kissing
Rachael: “well I’m the luckiest girl on the planet”
Rebecca licks her neck, removed her bra, puts her tits against hers, I just loved watching Rebecca’s perky tits go up against Rachael and from my angle I could see Rebecca move her hand down Rachael’s Dress, clearly looking to play with Rachael’s pussy. 
I’m too entertained to leave, they kiss and Rebecca moves her hand down to Rachael’s pussy, she starts fingering her while Rachael licks her neck, Rachael's pussy is so beautiful. Rebecca can no longer resist and went down to the car floor to finally eat Rachael’s pussy, I can see how Rachael’s face would react, almost always near climax
Rebecca: “baby, you wanna do something crazy with me”
Rachael: “Like what”
Rebecca: “Promise me you’ll do it, it’s not too crazy “
Rachael nods her head
Rebecca: “okay first wear this blindfold”
Rebecca then takes out a black bandana from her purse then ties it around Rachael’s eyes, she removes her shorts and places her pussy right on top of Rachael’s mouth
Rebecca then notices me and winks, Rebecca gestures me to enter, I am a bit unsure and Rebecca can tell
Rebecca: “you want Alex to watch us”
Rachael: “is Alex here, if he is it’s alright if he wants to watch”
Rebecca: “Ask him”
Rachael: “Alex get inside and watch us”
I realised that I can't necessarily live now since I've been spotted
Rachael: “Alex is that you”
Rebecca gets off Rachael’s mouth and they switch positions
Rebecca: “It’s my turn to make you cum all over”
She slides so easily onto Rebecca, she was so well wet, and I am left thinking how much Rachael must enjoy an audience or it is the blindfold

Rachael: “oh Fuck keep licking, keep licking”
Rebecca sticks out her tongue more
Rachael has her eyes closed, breathing heavily 
Rachael: "it's so good”
Rebecca: “This is really good, isn’t it Alex, you owe me for this”
I don't notice that Rachael was about to cum really hard her pussy essentially rubbing all over Rebecca’s face.
Rebecca: “you like that don’t you, by watched while I lick you
she’s in ecstasy
Rachael: “aawww fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck” she shouts this for every stroke now
Rebecca: “I’m so horny right now”
Rachael: “my pussy is so fucking sensitive
Rebecca now motions Rachael to place her pussy on top of hers
Rebecca’s: “I want you to rub your cunt all over mine”
Rebecca’s starts slapping Rachael tits and soon enough Rachael is overwhelmed
Rachael: “yes yes yes yes yes my ” Rachael, shrieks while y letting out a stream of cum
Rachael third orgasm leaves her exhausted on top of Rebecca
Rebecca: “well that was fun, how about you get off me now”































Chapter 4
Janice

5...4...3...2…1 HAPPY NEW YEAR (a huge crowd of people in an open field)
The fireworks start to go off
Alex and I begin to kiss

Alex: “what’s your new year’s resolution?”
Janice: “well I’d like to be happy with my new boyfriend and also I am kinda on a mission”
Alex: “what kind of mission”
We break away from the crowd and walk off the field
Dad: “Hey honey, you seem to be getting cosy with my employee”
Employee as if he paid Alex for all that hard work but I suppose it’s worth it for my dad’s blessing, Alex seems calmer nowadays when he is around my Dad
Alex: “Hey sir we’re just...”
Dad: “yeah yeah Alex I know, listen you don’t have to lie because I don’t wanna hear it however please do use protection”
Alex: “yes sir” Alex looks a bit scared
Janice: “please stop frightening my boyfriend, he’s the only guy you’ve ever actually liked so let’s try to keep him”
Dad: “awww honey you really like him, that’s good, I’ve never seen any guy get your attention the way he does”
Great now I’m blushing
Janice: “Can we go Alex!" I try to say this in as aggressive a tone as possible
Alex: “goodbye sir”
Dad: “hold on, have you seen your mother”
Janice: “don’t tell me she is streaking again, we still get mentions about your naked wife every year “
Dad: “you mean your mother”
Janice: “not when she’s flashing the entire plantation, I haven’t seen her though”
Dad: “well she finished a bottle of wine on her own so I assume she is about to turn me on and embarrass us at the same time”
Janice: “Alex we are leaving”
Alex is a bit reluctant as I pull him towards my house, Today is different though, it will be our last night and it’s already past midnight, by this afternoon we would be miles apart
I am sad but I want to make my mark, to make sure I'm never forgotten, we make it to my bedroom
We kiss, Sandra is in the bed next to mine, she’ll probably get a little show maybe even masturbate to me and Alex. Kissing Alex is so natural now, It’s no longer lustful and is closer to feeling free, I know how he tastes, I know how he likes it when I lick his tongue, I know how he likes grabbing my ass and I love it. 

I love how he spreads it when we kiss, I’m already moaning when he keeps spreading it over and over. I’m wearing a short mini dress with leggings underneath, and he helps me remove it, this is so that he can switch focus to my breasts. Normally I’d be talking dirty but right now I wanted to be me, to be Janice, to be loved, to be Jay! Alex turns me around and pulls me into the bed, all so he can properly play with my tits and kiss the back of my neck
My hands are already playing with my pussy, I’m desperate to play with myself without disturbing Alex so I rip a small hole in my tights which gradually becomes bigger as try to gain more access
Alex’s licks me softly, I’m shivering every time he caresses my throat with his tongue, I can even feel his dick poking my back and I start to rub on it
The slushy sound of my wetness is loud though, I love that sound, and it just turns me on even more
Janice: “Alex it’s not fair that you don’t get attention “
As I turn around to look at him
Janice: “it’s supposed to be our special day, so I wanna make you happy “
Alex: “be my guest babe”
I bend down and free his dick, hard as ever
Janice: “gladly”
I’m licking my lips, it was definitely one of the reasons I loved Alex, I took as much as I could in one gulp that got a loud gasp from him. I wanted to see how long I could hold it for, it lasted a good amount of seconds before I needed to breathe a little. I released and made a pop sound, and started panting for air
Alex: “Fuck can you do that again”
Janice: “aww baby, I’ll try my best” I am so glad he likes that.
And so I did, it’s easier the second time, I try to take it as deep into my throat as I possibly can and I can hear faint moans from Alex, It was the first time I heard Alex make sounds during sex, that got me more committed to doing even more. 
I stop
to Which Alex gave a puzzled look
Janice: “hold on babe, I wanna make sure you don’t forget this “
I try to catch my breath, this time though I’d let him fuck my throat, hopefully, I won’t gag or vomit
I go down again and starting going up and down, Alex though, this time makes a loud gasp as if he was about to cum, I was expecting some to go down my throat but instead, he holds me still and composes himself, he doesn’t want this to end.
Alex: “slow down Jay!”
Ha, I almost made him cum, I’m gonna tease him about this later but for now, I was at his mercy, id have done it all morning if he wanted
Janice: “you’re so horny aren’t you?”
Fuck I love this, I’ve always imagined I’d hate this but Alex is not hurting me although I’m literally drooling all over him, he makes sure I’m comfortable in this position
And even makes me stop for air
Alex: “you’re so good at that Jay, This should be my Christmas present”
We didn’t spend Christmas together because both our families wanted and emphasized family time
In my head, I’m saying the only gift I want is you but let’s face it I’m not gonna stop to say that, however, I think Alex got the message
Alex: “time for the main event babe, you ready!”
Janice: “how can you ask me that, I know you could hear me playing with myself (he lifts me) whoa!”
He makes me face my sister’s bed

Alex: “Sandra, you know it’s rude to just watch and not say anything”
Wait, Sandra is awake, of course, she was I mean it’s not like we were quiet
Sandra: “oh Alex, come on, just let me watch”
Janice: “Were giving you more than that, a front-row seat”
I open my legs to make sure she can see
Alex moves behind me and begins readying to penetrate me
I was dripping already but now I’m closer than ever
Janice: “don’t stop please! Don’t stop, fuck yes I want it, my boyfriend and my sister watching”
Sandra: “I know she’s your girlfriend and all but I wish I had some attention”
I felt bad for Dree but I couldn’t really think much, Alex felt so good going inside me, hitting my spot, making me moan
Sandra’s Moaning starts and I can feel hear presence her over me 
Me: “That’s right Alex fuck her, fuck her like would you fuck me, you’ve wanted this a long time haven’t you, my sisters pussy, her big breasts, she’s so sexy isn’t she”

Sandra: “hmm Mmmmm, Alex I’m gonna cum”
Sandra was closer than me, which means she is actually enjoying this more than I am
Janice: “you enjoying this too much Sandra”
She was unable to stop herself writhing on her bed
Sandra: “ohhhhh ohhhh ahhh oohhhh” that was one hard orgasm from Sandra
Alex: “that was really sexy Dree, I almost came inside Jay
Janice: “like you need her help, fuck me”
I reached back pulled his hips to mine
Janice: "Start pumping!"
Sandra: “you’re so naughty now”
Janice: “shut up, I know you want him”
Alex has a tendency of just doing things whilst in mid-sentence
Janice: “Alex, hey Mr Why do you like doing that (then he starts fucking me quicker) hey big boy calm down”
He’s going really quickly now
Sandra: “don’t slow down Alex,”
And he keeps up the pace
I’m not longer resisting because even though I want to tell Sandra off I’ve lost control and I lose awareness
Janice: “ahhhhh ohhhh ahhhh baby fuck that feels good, grab my breasts while you’re fucking me”
Alex removed his dick
Janice: “put it back, put it back” I am desperate!
Sandra: “hmm come on Alex put back inside her and give her more”
Alex: “I will I just wanted to see if she’d complain"
Alex puts it in but instead only puts a small amount of his dick in my pussy, he knows where my spot is and start hitting it
Janice: “fuck ahhhh ahh Alex!!!!!!!!! Ahh Ohh my goodness”
Sandra: “that’s my girl cum for me”
Janice: “that felt so good baby, Dree do you wanna try something out with Alex”
Sandra: “like what”
Janice: “well you want him to don’t you?
Alex: “really babe”
Janice: “of course Alex, I’ll let you fuck her tonight! “
Sandra: “you’re not serious, I’m scared though Jay, I mean it’s not like you”
Janice: “A bit, but I’ll watch you do it
Sandra “okay”
Janice: “alright face down ass up girl”
Sandra seems scared but excited as she quickly moves to the ass up doggy position
Alex and I need to get her ready so we lick up and down whilst kissing each other
Sandra: “fuck you two I’m already so sensitive down there”
Alex and I are just sharing licking and kissing and it feels so good I almost forgot why we’re behind Sandra’s ass, to begin with
Janice: “That’s enough you! get ready”
Alex moves to enter her ass, and my face is right on top of it just spreading it to make sure it’s easier.
Janice: “That’s right baby, fuck her nice and slow, remember to relax Dree, nice and slow baby!”
Alex starts to penetrate her
Sandra: “ah fuck!”
Alex goes slowly at first
Janice: “you're loving this Dree, baby, grind your dick on her ass”
I move to her head and start kissing her, neck, licking up and down
I taste her sweat, her soft skin is so alluring, and it’s hard to keep from just sticking my entire tongue in her but for now, we just lick
After a while, I gesture to Alex to start going faster
Sandra: “mmmmhh”
I can tell she is unable to really move her legs since she already came once
I make sure to keep licking her, nipples, her neck, the most sensitive body parts soon enough Alex is moving at a quicker pace, at least now I can feel from Sandra’s body that Alex is moving
Janice: “that’s my girl, let me go back”
I move back to her ass and spread her ass
Janice: “Alex” I said joyfully
Alex sees me smile at him and we kiss while he keeps going

Janice: “now babe, go a bit faster,”
Sandra: “yeah, harder, just put it in”
Sandra shakes her big round black ass, I’d easier trade my body for hers, Alex loves big black asses, he told me that he dreams of a girl who looks like Sandra, and well the source must be better
Sandra: “ahhhh fuck”
Janice: “is it good free”
Sandra: “it’s so good, keep going”
Alex needs no further encouragement, and he starts really fucking her
Sandra: “ahhh fuck ohhh fuck ahhh ahah ahahahahahahahha”
I’m pretty sure she’s shivering whilst I’m kissing Alex’s body
To try and help her I starting rubbing her pussy
Sandra: “ohh if you do that I’m gonna cum, supper hard, Jay I’m gonna squirt if you do that”
Sandra: “keep going keep going Alex, fuck my ass, you like this ass”
She’s too far gone now, she definitely likes this more than ever
Sandra: “owwww ” Sandra streams for an eternity
Janice: “Dree awww you came, but we need to thank our toy, Alex sit down while my sister and I finish you off”
Alex sits down anticipating us as we lie down In front of his dick
Sandra and I kiss right on the tip
Sandra: “Jay work on his balls, this shaft is mine”
Janice: “yes ma’am”
I love it when she tells me what to do, I love Alex’s cock though, I just like the veins, it’s so imposing, it’s not the biggest but it’s well taken care of, his balls are well shaved, and so big too, all I can imagine is the load that’s in there, I just want it, in my mouth
Alex looks close to orgasm as he starts breathing
Janice: “cum for me, I want share it with my slutty sis, come on baby, I want it, I’m licking your balls for it, I wanna taste it”
Alex: “it’s coming babe!”
That was the only warning we got, I shove Sandra mouth on the tip, and Alex cums straight in it and Sandra swallows all of it.
Janice: “greedy much”

I didn’t notice that Alex was tired as he had all but fallen asleep on the bed
Janice: “is my big boy tired”
He can only lie down and smile
Sandra: “on my bed, of course, Jay sleep next to your man”
Alex and I spoon while Sandra is sleeping wrapping her hands around me, basically, I’m stuck in the middle.
Alex sleeping means Sandra and I spend some hours giggling and joking



The next morning is D-day, this is the day it all ends, Alex and his family are packing to leave.
Janice: “call me every day, just to say hie or ask me for advice all the time”
Alex: “could you calm down, I will!”
Janice: “you can’t fuck anyone else, although why would you when you have me”
Alex: “don’t you think you’re worried about nothing”
Janice: “I know, I can tell Sandra to come and see you for me, I mean she’s my sister so I’ll know everything....”
Alex: “Janice it’s gonna be okay, it’s only a few months”
Janice: “yeah but there are a lot of girls at College, I know that you’re not the type to do long-distance”
Alex: “yeah but I wanna try for you”
Janice: “good before I start crying, fuck too late Dree, Bye Alex”
I run over to cover myself on Dree’s shoulder
Alex’s Dad: “Son we need to go before dark, you’re driving remember”
Alex: “Sorry Dad, give me one more minute”
Alex needed to get home and get supplies, he wanted to be at university by the 3rd so he literally had tomorrow to get everything
The reason was, of course, Alex had always wanted to go to Varsity.

As I’m trying hard to resist the urge to break down into tears, Alex pulls me closer and gives me and final hug
Alex: “goodbye babe, I’ll miss you”
Well so much for resisting the urge to cry.

Alex kisses my forehead and makes his way to the car and just like that drives off
Sandra: “it’s gonna be okay Jay”
Janice: “I hope so”
A month goes by and I also return to school


The School bell rings at B&R high school
Janice: “well I’m finally at my old high school”
So I’d talked about my high school, now I was back to be an intern, I’d be teaching the lower students, essentially the students one year before the final year, I had the best scores for Social Dynamics in the country, that alongside my influence as a student got me this job interestingly enough
The school I learned had a hierarchical system based on how popular you were
It’s all hard to believe but having gone through the process I could see how well the system is protected

As I walk I see, a girl and her two friends ambushing another
Sage: “Alice, you said you’d do my homework remember”
That would be Sage, my former roommate and basically replacement as head girl, voted for through sheer social influence she commanded respect, or at least I taught her the tricks of the trade when we were roommates, here the roommates are partnered up where sub-seniors and seniors are put together
It’s good because half the time traits from seniors go to juniors in the case of me and Sage, that’s exactly what happened.
Alice: “listen I told you that I wouldn’t do it”
That’s Alice, she’s supposedly a genius, and she actually should have gone to college or university some time ago but refused due to wanting a normal high school experience
Surprised she didn’t realize this school was far from normal, although she doesn’t stay in the dorms, a genius like her can see what’s happening behind closed doors
Sage: “I have a way of convincing you”
Sage inherited a lot of my traits
Katherine who is helping Sage now, is a tall brunette, while the school has a dress code of girls shouldn’t wear anything too small and boys must have sleeves at all times
Katherine is always treading a thin line, wearing heels alongside the smallest short possible on school grounds.

Back to what’s happening in front of me, I watch as Alice is being surrounded by the three, but the intimidation Sage is putting is not of fear but is in fact sexual
Sage: “I’m sure you’ll be changing your mind soon enough”
er friends on both sides of Alice not allowing her to escape as she tries to keep hold of her books
Alice dresses like a prep - school kid wearing a decently sized skirt, pantyhose, heels, white Blouse even having a tie, she has curly black hair red lipstick and of course reading glasses
She like Sage is really pale whereas both Katherine and Tracy are more tanned
he girls have fun with Alice though as she’s pinned against the lockers unable to move. I’m enjoying watching them, Alice however seems to be losing her footing. Sage had pinned her chest right on top of Alice’s chest, Alice had a fairly large bust, at least relative to the girls.
All in all, though it looks like Sage was suggesting something, the skirt Alice was wearing was well above her thigh at this point, Her eyes closed.

nd just like that it was over, Sage and her triple-threat left immediately to their respective classes and Alice left with a puzzled look on her face, she was flustered.
I start walking to my class, thinking about how I met Sage. I pass Alice
Janice: “hello Miss Richards”
Alice: “Oh...hey Miss Refiloe, can I call you Jay”
Still trying to keep her composure but realized who she’s talking to
Janice: “sure Alice”
Alice is trying hard to not make eye contact wasn’t really timid in nature
I make my way to class and introduce myself
The class again because it’s their former head girl respond with
“Hey Jay!”
ut anyway it's fine, I prefer it this way. As I start the whole introduction speech to Social Dynamics I can see that the class, as usual, is 70% female and 30%, male. A common occurrence but something I don’t necessarily like, anyway it's the first day so most people are still attentive but how long will that last. I give them a fun exercise for the first day, called assessing groups
So everyone has to write a small about themselves on a small paper, We then choose a class leader out of that, the idea however is to show that hierarchies happened due to competence, in this case, competence in writing. I expected that leader and vice will actually already be friends because they shared similar ideas
I sit and think of my 1st meeting with Sage/ Well when she arrived which was basically last year as a new student, she had no clue as well about the way things worked here. I wanted her to not be isolated so I taught her how to get a guy to cum in seconds, I thought we became close but she started being bitchier and by graduation, she was barely talking to me. I don’t know what it was, Sage is this blue-eyed Redhead and when she arrived at my dorm she was so innocent it was like, Bambi!
We started doing a lot together including fooling around but as her popularity grew her distance from me also grew, I remember the first time we started fooling around. I hadn’t been with a guy for a few months and Sage was trying to keep me company
Sage: “you can’t keep them blue balled forever, you don’t wanna be alone forever”
Janice: “yeah but I’m bored of it, I like guys but half of the stuff if not most isn’t worth the grief”
Sage: “I mean I’m still trying to get started”
Janice: “yeah you’ll be in my position soon enough”
I had been teasing Sage for so long, I had always been naked when we were alone. I’d always share a shower stall and claim the rest were taken, I caught her glancing at my body a few times. I was sure that I’d get her interested
Janice: “Sage would you mind coming over here”
Sage: “yeah why, what’s up”
Janice: “I wanna take pics”
Sage: “yeah alright “
nyway, I got in position wearing nothing but a pair of Purple Long socks, and she took pics.
We did multiple positions and a lot of pussy and ass shots, I made Sage come as close with my phone as possible and after she was done, I hugged her still naked while she was well dressed in her pyjamas 
Sage: “Hey I need to go to the bathroom”
Janice: “sure” 
I said still smiling at her
....
.......
...........
nd I already have an idea what’s happening, I leave to go check. 
aking sure to keep my distance so I can tell which stall she’s in without being spotted, crawling to see, using the opening underneath the door, I try to be as quiet as possible. I find her and see her short on her ankle.
Her other leg has been placed on the toilet seat, her body is vibrating a bit, I go into the next stall and peer over the wall by standing on the toilet seat.
I watch and see that she is furiously but rather quietly (one hand on her mouth) rubbing her clit, her fingers are clearly glistening. Her eyes well closed, but her breasts also exposed, I know they’re really sensitive and that she sometimes forgoes bras, she regularly pinches her nipples hard, I can barely hear her but her clits and pussy lips slaps are the loudest thing in the room. I am so wet just watching her, I know she’s thinking about me, my pussy, my ass, all those pics must have made her crazy.
She does whisper “Jay!”
ut I continue watching her, she seems to be trembling more and more. The rubbing can only go so long, she’s been doing this for over half an hour now and has an intense all be it silent orgasm
I wait a bit. I enter the room and find her sitting on my bed.
Sage: “where have you been?”
Janice: “just had to see some people “
Sage: “Really, who”
Pretty sure she thinks it’s a guy
Janice: “yeah kinda”
Sage walks over towards me and moves really close to my face then...

“Jay!”
Janice: “huh?! what”
Girl: “we’re done with the paragraphs”
Janice: “oh sorry Joanna, let’s begin”
Daydreaming on day one, well I guess I can always think about it later, Class continues and we move on to the history of social dynamics next week

Class is over
I make my way to the teachers’ lounge
As I see Alice walk into the bathroom, I’m immediately reminded of what happened this morning, all my experience tells me I’m about to get a show so I follow her, I enter the stalls and I know what’s happening in the stall next to me.
Inside the stall
Boy: “in here Alice, why so urgently
Alice: “shut up, pull down your pants”
I peer over, just like I did in my daydream and Alice has Johnny’s dick in her mouth
Johnny: “you’re not usually this forward Alice, what happened”
Alice: “nothing, could you shut up”
I did say Alice is not timid, if anything she can come off as arrogant.
Johnny was however her boyfriend, last I checked, both really smart students at school. From what I know, schools male and female representative. They started dating when they were forced to spend a lot of time together with school duties. Here they were during lunch, Johnny had long but faded hair and was stockier in build, during all this time though Alice would be on her haunches seemingly trying to treat her boyfriend to the best blowjob ever
The loud pipes and sounds of water flowing do actually hide their sounds, the constant sounds of her mouth taking his dick in and out are extremely arousing, I can’t help but touch myself whilst watching
Alice: “okay, sit down, Let me ride you”
Johnny doesn’t need a second invitation, he sits down and Alice moves her skirt up and removes her panties, she tosses them away and is quick to start guiding him inside her.
Alice: “oh my gosh I needed this since morning”
Alice may have been motivated by her sexual harassment this morning. I was so horny from class and this scene was so good.
Alice: “fuck fuck fuck fuck!”
Alice started pounding herself, her ass slapping on top of Johnny
Alice: “kiss me!”
It’s an energetic kiss, but with the way their tongues move it’s clear they don’t do it often, it looks weird but you can see the desperation in it from Alice.
Alice: “fuck it’s not enough, I want you to spank me, spank my ass while you do this”
Johnny is non-violent, there is no way
“Spank!!”
his sound now exceeds every sound in the room
Alice: “harder Johnny, harder I need it, please I need”
With every spank, it seems Alice is getting closer to an orgasm. n my end my finger is deep inside me and my panties are soaked, I’d probably need to keep them off, but for now, I was biting my tongue, licking my lips, fingering myself.
Alice: “fuck yes yes oh oh oh hmmm”
Alice however was well in the throes of orgasm, but it lasted quite some time
Alice: “I was soo horny”

Alex

Coach Marksen: “Bradley do you want to share your jokes with the class”
 bit shorter than me blonde hair, some tattoos on his neck, his parents are politicians
Bradley: “no sir!”
Coach Marksen: “Then please leave Alexander alone, if you don’t care doesn’t mean he shouldn’t”
I was trying to pay attention but Bradley was trying to show me pictures of his girlfriend Ash.
I was laughing because she actually was not his girlfriend, Bradley seemingly had a long-distance crush on her, they came from the same school, almost felt like he was stalking her given she was a few rows ahead of us.
Jericho: “Alex, bro you up for the party or what?!”
Alex: “I’m not too sure bruh, I promised J....”
Jericho: “shush I don’t want to hear another word about this J girl Alex, dude, come on, you and me haven’t done anything in a long time”
Alex: “you act like that’s my fault, you moved away as if I’m supposed to make up for the time that I didn’t throw away”
Jericho: “that was my bad bro, but I didn’t have control over my family moving away, but its varsity, are you not gonna enjoy every single part of it”
Alex: “I’m wary of it, just “
Brad: “guys Marksen!”
Marksen: “you three back there, please leave”
We walked to the open campus area and sat on the benches
I groan realising that there’s no changing the mind of Marksen, he’s been a hard ass since we arrived, anyway I go to the Dorms, I hate the Dorms, the smell, the noise, the almost lack of privacy, however, the cool thing is the co-eds. 
Alex: “well that sucks, I’m gonna miss another lecture”
Yes this wasn’t the first time Brad got sent out but I was now attached to him since he needed me for notes, well now I’m out of the class so we may have to ask someone else.
Jericho: “Alex dude, come on, you coming right, tonight”
Alex: “I don’t get your obsession with this guy, why do you need him there”
Jericho: “it’s simple, Mr Alex here is rather good at making things happen when it comes to ladies”
Alex: “who lied to you about that ?”
Jericho: “you’re dating Janice”
Alex: “soo”
Jericho: “she’s a rich bitch”
Alex: “call her that again...”
Jericho: “calm down dog, listen she’s probably one of the most famous girls from our town, surely you get that you get mad perks”
Alex: “what perks, literally?”
Jericho: “girls want you, they want to see if they can make you cheat, don’t you get it, and if they fail they will need that shoulder to cry on”
Alex: “please take your dating theories to a class, wait a minute, you just got us kicked out, and can you sense my condescending tone”
Jericho: “you are always condescending bro, but we’re cool like that, you think I’m an idiot, I think you’re a know it ass”
Brad: “hey ash!!”
Bradley at this moment takes the time to chase her as she arrives from class

Alex: “yeah we are cool like that, really cool but I don’t wanna go”
We remain silent and sit on the bench outside
Brad returns to us after a while
Brad: “so you going to Jason’s party tonight”
Alex: “what are you on about, I’m not going
Brad: “yes you are, Ash is going so”
Alex: “no way”
Brad: “listen man! I know you’re not into it but we gotta”
Alex: “Brad why would you need me there to ask her out”
Brad: “because if she says no I’m gonna get shit faced and someone needs to carry me back”
Alex: “Ask captain love doctor”
Brad: “He won’t go unless you go”
Alex: “No fucking way”
Brad: “okay Alex listen you’re gonna go or”
Alex: “or what!!...”
Jericho: “or we tell J you and Jodie had some fun “
Alex: “you wouldn’t”
They look at each other before smiling at me 
Alex: “I hate you both”
Jericho tries to fist bump me
I ignore his fist and walk to my next class

.............
............
...........

Boom boom boom boom
*Loud music *

Brad has pulled me to a party I didn’t even want to attend, the host is Jason, it’s being held in the parking lot of his house. During this, I spend time just talking to Rachael since she was of course the only girl I could talk to without suggesting intentions
Rachael: “it’s funny though”
Alex: “what do you mean”
Rachael: “that Brad likes her so much and she is constantly talking about him”
Alex: “oh yeah that is funny, it took them this long”
Rachael: “so you gonna stay here after mission setup is done”
Alex: “Nah, I don’t even wanna be here”
Rachael: “why though, don’t like parties”
Alex: “actually I like parties, I just don’t like... them”
I point to Jason and his friends, they were in my opinion the biggest douchebags I know
Rachael: “well what they did to you that you can”
Alex: “can we not talk about this, like changing the subject now!”
At this point, Rachael stood up, put her beer down and pulled out her hand
Rachael: “then less talking”
I stand up and we go to the dance floor, it's fun for the most part, I am terrible but so is she and the beer means we just keep laughing at ourselves. Soon I’m seated down, again too tired to get up, we sit on top of Brad's car, and as low facing up I see to my right, a figure inside, it’s Bradley and Ash I assume consummating.

Danielle, a senior comes by, “ohh Alex I’ve been looking for you”
I try to pull my body upright
Alex: “why”
Danielle: “you said you’d join the student council”
Alex: “uhhh yeah I was joking really I mean surely”
I thought she could tell I was joking when I said that, at that time I just wanted to make her laugh since I was just a senior in high school and she was a super attractive varsity and student council president
She’s a Latino but her Hair is blond
She has an accent but is wearing boots, jean shorts and a crop top, she’s imposing but holds herself respectfully
Danielle: “I know that was some time ago but I was hoping you’d join, barely anyone cares these days about the job, the school chancellor says I should recruit since I’m gonna graduate soon”
I’m actually thinking this would be a good idea but Rachael starts whispering in my ear
Rachael: “remember Rebecca where is she??”
While she’s doing this she starts suggestively taking my hand and putting it between her legs
Danielle: “ohh Alex, I don’t mean to interrupt you”
Alex: “no no sorry, Rachael is drunk Danielle hold on (I turn to Rachael) please stop that, Danielle if you are being serious then I’ll be there”
Daniel: “there are other candidates but I know you personally, bear in mind you still have to prove yourself soo”
Rachael doesn’t stop though
Alex: “okay cool We’ll talk about it tomorrow “
Rachael: “Rebecca your hands are so warm, but can you feel how warm I am down there “
Danielle: “your friend here clearly needs some attention Alex, are you gonna give her”
Alex: “no no it’s not like that, I’m gonna take her back to her place soon Danielle and nothing will happen”
Danielle: “hmmm alright, I’ll see you soon”
She walks into the crowd, fairly difficult to not watch her walk away
Rachael: “put them in please”
Alex: “okay, you! I know your drunk, but come on”
Rachael: “it was funny, you couldn’t concentrate, I should do that more right, try to make you uncomfortable”
I answer
Janice: “Hey Babe, how’s the party”
Rachael: “is that Janice, Janice! Janice! do you know Danielle”
Janice: “yes Rachael I know her, was she there”
Alex: “yes she was and Rachael here took it upon herself to make me and her uncomfortable”
Janice: “really that’s my girl”
Rachael: “I was given specific, I repeat specific instructions to make sure you remained in line, do you think I wanna be here”
Alex: “well yes actually I do think you wanna be here”
Rachael: “yes I do actually wanna be here, but J he told me his friends blackmailed him to come, anyway your boy has been good”
Alex: “okay J what’s up, can we have some privacy miss put it inside me”
Rachael: “fine, I’ll go disturb the couple in the car”
She gets off the boot and opens the door

Ash: “hey, Rachael what hell”
Brad: “what the fuck, get out we’re busy”
Rachael: “yeah, yeah do it, don’t do it, I don’t care, I wanna go home”
An argument breaks out in the car
Alex: ”Yeah soo how is school”
Janice: “I saw my old roommate Sage, they were sexually harassing this girl”
Alex: “shouldn’t you report that”
Janice: “I wanted to but, well, I just thought if Sage gets in trouble”
Alex: “Okay, well you can’t keep allowing it to happen you know”
Janice: “well that’s why I called, I mean afterwards the girl was clearly, sort of, I don’t know, light-headed”
Alex: “well I’d assume it's trauma”
Janice: “my kind of light-headed Alex, the kind where she needs a release”
Alex: “what did she do, go to the bathrooms and masturbate”
Janice: “she found someone to help her with that”
Alex: “really, then I guess that’s rather surprising”
Janice: “so what should I do, stop it, I mean I enjoy watching it so”
Alex: “okay okay listen maybe she enjoys it, why else would she react like that, she probably in the closet”
Janice: “you think so, I wanted to describe what happened in the bathroom, I know you’d love that kind of story, and what I was doing while I was watching ”
Alex: “I’d love any story you tell me, by the way, I got kicked out of class today”
Janice: “because of Brad...”
Alex: “And Jerry”
Janice: “like that’s so expected”
Brad: “let’s goo Alex, fuck man let’s go”
Alex: “I’ll call you back J, looks like Brad has had his night ruined”

Janice
I was at the mall for the day, it had been weeks since the Alice incident, nothing had happened since then, I then met up with some students from my class, the girls were Bridgette and Mandy. Bridgette was the blonde while Mandy was the chubby brunette, I remember them.
We talked a bit and then they made their way to the changing rooms, they seemed suspicious, given they had no clothes yet went to the change rooms, I was always on the hunt for a good show.
I sneak in quietly to the nearby changing room and listened, it's almost like I am always peering over stalls
Bridgette: “fuck I’m so nervous, is it okay if I’m nervous”
Guy1: “yeah it’s cool, is this your first time”
I look over the stall, there are two guys with Bridgette and Mandy
Bridgette: “No really, I've just never done it with tinder”
Guy1: “alright, well I’m happy to oblige”
Bridgette: “you’re so hot, so tall”
She puts her hand on his groin stroking a visible bulge, afterwards she leans towards kissing him and they share a sensual kiss. I assume they met online and decided to set up their friends as well, and they are now fully making out
The second set had already begun and Mandy was on her knees, not long after Bridgette was in the same position
Guy1: “give me some of that “
He was gesturing for Mandy to switch places with Bridgette, tThe first thought in my mind was how on earth did these girls set this up. I guess that was the point, it would make sense if these guys wanted the same thing, I wasn’t able to look away though as Bridgette’s starts blowing harder. She takes off her top and unleashes her large breasts, she starts giving our second male a boob job, licking the tip. Mandy isn't wasting time though, She was sitting on top of her dick, essentially running her pussy on it.
Mandy has a large ass, she had curves but was closer to the chubby side, but I’m guessing this man liked that about her, she was nice and thick for him. He keeps spanking her ass as she grinds her pussy on his dick and she's in love with it, that doesn't last long though soon she was letting him penetrate. Barely half got in before she couldn’t go further and started moving up and down slowly
Mandy: “oh my god”
G1: “go slow, nice and easy”
andy gets into a rhythm, she still struggles to keep balance. Bridgette herself is having an easier time in her position, It was a beautiful sight to see
hey get the girls to on their hands and knees facing each other, while they line themselves up behind them.
They penetrate them as the girls kiss each other, Bridgette is absolutely begging to be pounded, asking the man to go even harder.
Bridgette: “I’m so fucking horny right now, fuck me fuck me!! it’s so good deeper you’re hitting my spot, fucking this tight white pussy”
hen allow her mouth to be fucked. Bridgette would then bury her face into her pussy, I loved the sight of the throat job because the dick would bulge on her mouth, and then come out covered in spit.
Mandy’s make up was running but it made it look even better than her own spit made her eyeliner run, she was lying down on her back so I could see her whole body, her tits actually had a beautiful rose tattoo with her tits as the centre. Bridgette was slurping on Mandy’s pussy, her hair so messed up and even getting wet from Mandy constantly squirting on her
I loved it
I was already playing with myself and once again I’d found myself in another situation where there was public pornography in front of me, I thought I should record some of this. The girls were now making out while Bridgette riding her dick anally while Mandy was in doggy style on top of her also getting penetrated from behind.
Mandy: “Bridgette baby, this is the best thing we’ve ever done, can we do it again”
he guys line up the girls on their knees and give them a very thick facial. I took my leave, normally I’d buy something but I was really too excited to buy anything

Jodie
I was visiting Alex, and we did what we both love to do, played video games
Jodie: “I win”
Alex: “you win?!”
Jodie: “yeah I win”
Alex: “how do?”
Jodie: “game over”
I finish Alex of
Game Announcer: “*we have a new champion* “
Jodie: “told you" 
Alex: “Jodie”
Soren: “you lost again”
Alex: “she plays this thing all day”
I was so happy because one
I love Alex, just as much as Joe and 2 I won, 12 games in a row so far
I was so happy
Jodie: “you wanna go again”
Alex: “No, I can only lose so much in one day”
I wanted to keep beating him though
Alex: “You don’t wanna stop”
Jodie: “that’s something losers say, you aren’t a loser Alex”
Alex: “that’s because I asked you to teach me and I was one of the few people who agreed to play”
Jodie: “yeah yeah spare me the details”
Soren: “How it possible is you two aren’t dating”
By the way, my little brother Soren came with!
Jodie: “Soren don’t make me tell mom what happened to her porcelain display”
Soren: “okay I’m gonna go now before the queen of games starts to go off”
Alex: “you really do bully your little brother don’t you, also it’s weird how I never met your mom, like all through high school”
Jodie: “I’m not gonna stop”
Alex: “he messed up one time”
Jodie: “he told our parents everything”
Alex: “he had no choice though”
Jodie: “and then he refused to admit he did it”
Alex: “but he’s your bro”
Jodie: “he will learn”
Alex: “Anyway this was fun but I need to get back to campus”
Tomorrow I have a meeting with the student council and I wanna make it”
Jodie: “Can we talk Alex”
Alex: “Ummm sure but I can’t stay for long”
Jodie: “if I divorced Joe and was single would you dump Janice for me”
Alex: ........... (I couldn’t see his face but I could tell he was stuck)
He is looking away
Jodie: “Alex........... Alex I know it’s not an easy question”
He turns around
Jodie: “you don’t look like you are ready to answer my questions “
Alex: “look Jodie, you’ve been my friend for such a long time”
So why aren’t you saying yes
Jodie: “yeah I know but! You’ve thought about us right as more than friends”
Alex: “I have but, I wouldn’t just decide to be with you because you’re suddenly available, I mean I want me and Janice to work”
Jodie: “I see, okay”
Alex: “is that good, you’re smiling but ....”
Jodie: “I’m fine Alex I’ll talk to you tomorrow”
I cut the conversation and leave
what the fuck is wrong with me, I’m married, I’m happy but why can’t I get over him
Some days pass and Later on
I get a text from Alex
Alex: _I know that you aren’t okay, I’ve seen you cry_
Alex: _You looked close to doing it when we were talking_
Alex: _I’m sorry it’s like this_
Alex: _I was too late to tell you how I feel and let you go_
Alex: _depending on how Janice and I go, I might regret that_
Alex: _hopefully you know I’ll always love you and play with you_
Alex: _heart emoji_
Jodie: _heart emoji_
I stick my head into my pillow and scream



Janice (texts)
Janice: _do you think I should be concerned _
Sandra: _I don’t know, do you think anything will happen _
Janice: _I am not sure_
Sandra: _what did you see_
Janice: _I saw Jodie like just staring at him when we’re at the party_
Sandra: _is it just that _
Janice: _Dree there’s something_
Sandra: _just don’t accuse before you have evidence _

Janice: _even if I prove it, who does it help, I just don’t want him to think I don’t trust him but I know they like each other_
Sandra: _well I think you are paranoid_
Janice: _well of course you do, you don’t see how they look at each other_
Sandra: _well if there was something then why not break up with him_
Janice: _and then will that make me happy_
Sandra: _no but it will give you peace of mind_
Janice: _I don’t want peace of mind, I want him, his attention _
Sandra: _look J go see him, and ask him, if there’s anything between him and Jodie, surely he can be honest about it _
Janice: _do you think I can ask that _
Sandra: _well he has to answer you right, he can’t ignore you so_
Janice: _I’m scared though _
Sandra: _come on, you have me now, you’ve nothing to fear_
Janice: _that’s right _
Sandra: _I’m at work I can’t be emotional again _
Janice: _lol_
Sandra: _soo if you feel you need to talk always right, you talk to me or mom_
Janice: _how did I live without you_
Sandra: _how do you ever plan to do things without me_
Janice: _I think I’ll need you till I marry him_
Janice: _what do you think _
Janice: _bridesmaid? _
Sandra: _sounds very interesting _
Janice: _I wonder, how things will develop though_
Sandra: _you never know how things work out though _
Janice: _soo have you been seeing anyone though _
Sandra: _sadly_
Janice: _really, how though sis, not interested or just bad luck_

Sandra: _it’s just both I guess, I just think I’m cursed sometimes_
Janice: _these guys must not know what they have _
Sandra: _I know girl, it hurts to be taken for granted so many times _
Janice: _maybe we should find you a blind date _
Janice: _I can ask around_
Sandra: _please don’t_
Janice: _please, but this is formality you know I’ll do it anyway_
Sandra: _I love you so much_
Sandra: _talk to you later baby_

Rebecca
I shake the hand of my opponent, she was really good which is why I had lost to her, She came all the way from Japan, I shake hands with the umpire and start to pack my things into my bag
I make my way out the court and into the dressing room andIts hard to hold back the tears, I had lost in straight sets, not even one set from her"
Rebecca: “I suck!”
My phone rang
That’s my phone, it's Alex, well it’s him so I answer and switched to video call

Alex: “oh hey Rebecca .......”
Rachael: “hey!”
Rebecca: “I didn’t know you were with her now Alex”
Alex: “We watched your game“
Rebecca: “Uhuh sure Alex, don’t pity me”
Alex: “I’m not, seriously, that girl is good and sets were close”
That does not make me any happier
Alex: “yeah but everyone loses eventually, you learn from loses”
Rebecca: “save me your philosophical nonsense,”
Alex: “Rachael are you gonna say anything”
She is silent before eventually nodding her head

Rebecca: “Rachael”
Rachael: “uhuh”
Rebecca: “okay thanks for the”
Rachael: “sorry it’s just I was rather umm I’m sorry you’ll win next time”
Rebecca: “I want you to get my number from Alex, and afterwards, you will call”
Rachael: “Yes alright”
Alex: “wow, really, okay bye Rebecca, remember, I am your number one fan”
Rebecca: “ugh"
The call ends and I immediately get a text from a number I can assume is Rachael

Rachael: “hello Rebecca”

Bridgette
Bridgette: “I don’t know, why would I bother”
Mandy: “it’s just I thought you’d want to”
Bridgette: “why would I wanna attend it though, it’s just gonna be you, your parents and some creepy old dudes”
Mandy: “it’s just my dad wants us to be there, I mean he is the one who pays for all our shopping sprees”
Bridgette: “fuck I know but....”
Mandy and I have been really close since middle school
We were new so we hung out, I don’t know why she liked me so much. I wasn’t a nice person, I wasn’t the prettiest or most popular, I even called her fat and ugly at times, maybe it’s because I never really chased her away, her presence made me feel prettier but she listened to me, I kinda started listening to her. I kinda love her now, I don’t know it’s weird to think about when we weren’t together as friends.
Mandy: “so you’ll do it”
Bridgette: “aahhhhh fine”
We actually doing each other’s nails, she had gone for black and I went for the sensual red
Mandy: “Yay as she heel walks towards me, and hugs me”
Bridgette: “get off me D”
Mandy: “B you won’t regret this”
Bridgette: “between the store and this you owe me, with Interest”
Mandy: “gosh you’re so greedy,”
Bridgette: “well when you’re as generous as me you get to be greedy.”
Mom: “girls can I come in”
Bridgette: “yes mom!”
Mom: “I wanted to tell you supper is ready B”
Moms southern accent was way more obvious than mine but she was a real blonde, I was born with my dad’s black hair and I hate him for that, however at least I got moms tits, they are nice and big like hers now even though I’m still 18
Bridgette: “mommy come here”

Mom: “what is it now honey pie?”
Bridgette: “come here, we need your help mommy”
Mom: “sigh okay”
She sits next to me on my bed, Mandy is sat on the floor
Mom: “what do you need help with?”
Bridgette: “I like this boy, and I don’t know how to get his attention”
Mom: “well sweetie if you like him tell him how you feel”
Bridgette: “well mom, he is a guy and well you know how they think, they only care about who is the hottest girl and I’m not even”
Mom: “oh sweetie listen” she hugs me
Mom: “let me tell you baby how I met your daddy, I think you're old enough to hear this story”

Sheila

So back in those days, your dad was the bad boy of the school
Essentially these were the 80s and it was a good time I guess. At least where we lived. I was a young southern girl and was not really that happy with my life, I got good grades. our Dad though was rarely ever in class. We weren’t the most obvious couple but that’s life I guess.
Anyway
Mrs Hartley: “listen to me Sheila, I’m assigning you to tutor a student”
Mrs Hartley was the guidance counsellor and after I had had a failed suicide was tasked with making sure that my mental health was alright
I had taken a bunch of sleeping tablets, I had been depressed and just wanted it to end! the reasons I’ll talk about later but yeah! I was supposed to be under strict watch, unfortunately, no one was willing to do so and short of separating me from my workaholic parents they couldn’t get anyone else to check on me, so they hit two birds with one stone.
Eric was this biker gang type of guy, he spent most of his time skipping classes or sitting in detention, ht was up to me.
Sheila: “there’s no fucking way I’m gonna do that”
Hartley: “I know you're against it but it’s for your mental health”
Sheila: “no way, I won’t do it, I just made a mistake okay, and I don’t wanna die anymore”
Hartley: “I see, well either you do as I say or I put you on psychiatric watch, meaning you get admitted into a mental institution “
Sheila: “sigh..........fine who am I tutoring”
Hartley: “Eric Daley”


Sheila: “So you put the x on the other side”
Eric: “this doesn’t make sense, like when are we ever gonna need algebra anyway”
Sheila: “Eric come on, you got the first two, I mean it’s easy when you keep practising, like riding a bike “
Eric: “Nah I’m outta here, I got a race in a few hours, worth a killing”
Sheila: “isn’t that dangerous ?”
Eric: “so is gulping down a dozen sleeping pills”
I'm not impressed
Eric: “everyone knows you wanna kill yourself, I don’t get it, you have a nice house, a lot of money, sure you don’t have many friends but come on, and you’ve got everything”
Sheila: “you don’t know anything about me, you’re just a biker thug, you just want to end up like your dead beat dad”
Eric: “DONT TOU DARE TALK ABOUT HIM LIkE THAT” 
Eric looked angry but seemed close to tears as well. He had grabbed pushed me against the wall
Eric: “if I was to kill you right now, if I was to end you right here who would miss you, they chalk it up to suicide wouldn’t they”
He had his hand around my neck and was putting a lot of pressure, I couldn’t breathe, all I could see were his eyes, red from tears falling out I wanted to say I was sorry. I didn’t hate the guy, his father had died from drinking and driving, it was said that he deserved it because people had accused him of being a serial killer.
Given that the serial killer in question had been known to choke girls to death, at this moment it would be easy to say like father like son. His father was acquitted of the accusations but it didn’t change the public perception. The alcohol abuse started right after, Eric was only 10 when his dad died
I blacked out eventually I had already accepted my fate to die at the hands of a grieving son
.................. .................. ..................





Sheila: “Eric I’m sorry”
.
.





I woke up, in my bed, I had a bandage around my neck
I was tucked in
Eric had left
In this big house, the only people around are my grandma who spends most of her days sleeping
Doesn’t even know I tried to kill myself
The only reason I was alive was that her nurse decided to do an unscheduled check and saw me lying in bed, she was well trained she noticed I wasn’t breathing even with a glimpse and immediately got into action.
She saw the sleeping pills I had taken beside the bed and knew I had attempted suicide, A few minutes and I’d be dead, In any case, Eric could have killed me but only truly incompetent police would assume suicide. ince I was on suicide watch.
I was a bit scared of attending school the next day, He actually missed school for the next 2 weeks. Hartley couldn’t punish me because I didn’t abscond the tutoring
he asked about my neck scars and I claimed it was a suicide attempt prior to the more recent one, she knew I was lying but realised not for myself
A few days later Eric showed up at my home
Eric: “hey! Ummm I’m sorry about last time, I got carried away”
Sheila: “Hey Eric I’m sorry about what I said, we can continue where we left of”
Eric: “yeah let’s umm do that”
I was wondering why Eric returned to and I came to the conclusion that Hartley had blackmailed him into returning, she had likely threatened to tell the police that I had been choked by him and that would all but ruin the family reputation.
We spent the rest of the semester every day after school spending time studying. Even after my neck bruises disappeared he kept coming, we didn’t talk much
Eric had a job as well. He fixed bikes, small things really nothing too complicated. He was doing it nearly full time hence why he was skipping school but now that he was attending classes and studying with me. It meant he lost out on a lot of income
He was helping pay the bills at home but his mom started doing more, she told him he only had one life and dodging school would ruin it. Combined with the blackmail Eric was committed
I don’t know, what it was about him but the romantic feelings developed back then, his stubble, his Elvis like hair, his clear voice, even his physique was intimidating. e probably liked someone else or had a girlfriend. I mean he was literally too cool for school
Eric: “Sheila Ummm why did you try to kill yourself?”
Sheila: “so the Russians lost the most men in World War 2”
Sheila: “wait that’s not a history question”
Eric doesn't waver
Sheila: “look Eric I know you think
I’m lucky to have a big house, never worry about money and all but it’s not all about that
Eric: “I mean yeah but if you were depressed you could have liked talked to someone”
Sheila: “like who, my parents are never home and when I talk to them they put me to some agent
Even if I get hold of them they tell me to keep getting good grades, all these years studying passing classes and for what Eric”

Eric: “I guess you could have talked to a friend”
Sheila: “every friend I’ve ever had has used me for money, they say I’m a slut behind my back, they call me shallow and narcissistic rich girl”
Eric: “really, well umm ahhh”
He wasn’t very good at emotional conversations
Eric: “you can tell me, I mean we’re always just studying, there’s nothing I can do about the past”
Sheila: “Eric Ummm you tried to kill me”
Eric: “yeah I thought you forgave me for that, I lost control alright”
Sheila: “I’m sure you did”
Eric: “you know I’m just trying to help, I thought I owed you for at least tutoring me”
Sheila: “if you wanna help me, understand why Germany couldn’t win the war for the history final next week, you pass that then I won’t have to see you again”
Eric: "sigh"
ood riddance I thought, no more of that, hopefully, I won’t have to see him again. Then we still had the same classes, I sat in front of the class, as usual, but really it was because I didn’t want to have to look at him. I dropped my pencil in class and turned around to pick it up to notice him looking directly at me. He was sitting right behind me, he usually sits in the back. We locked eyes before I quickly turned around and looked down to my seat.

I saw his eyes, he saw mine yet I was so embarrassed. Anyway, we received our test results.
Teacher: good job Sheila!
Well I guess it’s good enough
Teacher: “Eric top of the class!”
What! Wait! What! How did he
Teacher: “Eric you’ve really been on top form, I am very happy with your performance recently
Especially considering your mechanics skills!”

A fucking 95 what the fuck. I can’t. It’s not a competition but he managed to surpass me in the space of a few weeks. How hard did he study, how much work did he go through
Eric: “thank you miss but Sheila helped me out a lot, she deserves extra credit”
Sheila: “umm
No miss he did basically everything by himself, I was just making sure he got the content”
Classmate: “awww get a room you two”
e, however, do not enjoy getting laughed at
Teacher: “well whatever you two do, keep doing it”
Eric was also highest in-shop work, so good that he was actually being offered a scholarship, all he needed was a good physics score basically a B
I was now being teased as Eric’s side chick at school
Rumours that the bad boy had forced me to help him and that he had a biker girlfriend had flown through the school that even I knew about it. I was about to end high school and soon I’d be done, I’d leave home and never return
I mean I could have left long back but I was planning on taking my university tuition money and using it as funding for wherever I move to. On the final day of school and I leave my physics submission. Eric walks in with what I assume is a working combustion engine, I wanna walk out but he has to demonstrate it working, I watch alongside my physics professor as he adds the necessary fuel. Eric repeatedly pulls a cord but the engine only vibrates
Eric: “I don’t understand it was working this morning”
Teacher: “Eric if it doesn’t work I can only award you a C”
Eric pulls the cord for several minutes, visibly sweating, I can see his biceps stretch in his shirt, he had worn a long sleeve formal shirt with a tie but well it was covered in sweat by now. I was silently watching Eric, he seemed really frustrated. He had seemingly done it, saved himself, I mean he had a working Combustion engine, I mean my working weight scale had nothing on this, it works and he gets an instant A*
But if it doesn’t work then the prof can only award so much, I had thought about doing something like this for my project but I neither have the equipment. Time, not strength to put everything together

Looking at it I thought about why the thing would suddenly stop working, I mean fuel being combusted to create energy used to pump turbines inside cylinders

Wait
Sheila: “Eric did any of the parts you got have some rust”
Eric: “well new parts cost a lot of money so”

Sheila: “Do you have any oil”
Eric: “yeah in my car, but I don’t think it will”
Sheila: “quickly go get it”
So Alex probably used low-grade fuel, that combined with old parts would not be enough to force a stall. He moved it from his home to the blistering cold outside then the science lab is a very cool 17 degrees. In any case, it needs lubrication, nd ask him to try again
He pulls and the engine has a loud roar, it’s an old muscle car engine,
Sheila: “It works”
Eric: “yeah it does”
Sheila: “well Good job”
Teacher: “well Mr Daley, it seems you’ve done well, this achievement deserves an A but since you had help you get a B”
Eric: “that’s good enough for me Sir”
Teacher “well done”
Sheila: “okay I’ll see you around Eric”
Eric: “wait you helped me out again, can I at least take you home, it’s so cold outside”
Sheila; “no !”
I make my way out, I’m not gonna allow what I know will happen to happen, I can’t be in love, I need to leave soon. As I begin my walk, the freeze is real, it’s close to December and the snow is already falling, very few places had heating or electronic heating, even though I had a large house I myself was also lacking some form of heating. Eric pulls up next to me in Chevrolet, it’s not his car, it’s his moms, and she lets him use it
Eric: “Sheila come on, get in”
e gets out of the car and walks towards me
Sheila: “getaway, from me! No, stay back”
In my head “please please come closer, please just come to me”
Eric holds me and picks me up
Sheila: “what are you doing?”
I’m thrown into the car and he closes the door
He gets in and starts driving
Eric: “I have no idea why you won’t let anyone help you”
Sheila: “because I don’t need your help”
Eric: “yes you do, everyone needs help”
Sheila: “yeah I’m well within my rights to refuse your assistance, stop the car and let me go”
Eric: “When we get to your house”
Sheila: “no let me get out”
I reach forward and try to pull him away from the steering wheel
Eric: “Sheila stop, what’s gotten into you?”
Sheila: “let me go, let me go, let me go or I’ll scream”
Eric: “no you won’t”
I take a deep breath and make the loudest shriek I possibly can, Eric stop the car reaches back and covers my mouth

Eric: “listen to me, and you listen good, I’m not letting you walk in the snow, you get me so you can either sit quietly or I can tie you up gag you and make sure you don’t wake up when you get there”
I am quiet, just really frightening when Eric gets like this
Eric: “so are you gonna behave or not”
Eric slowly lets go of my mouth and turns to start driving. I sit up and just sit there, I am still really afraid of Eric, but I’m hoping he won’t lose it like last time. I guess the near-death experience is what makes me feel so connected to this guy. Maybe that’s why, or the many hours we spent doing schoolwork together, I’m just unable to understand.

Eric: “you know I get why you wanna leave”
Sheila: “how did you know?”
Eric: “because I’d do the same too, disappear, a town which will always see me as a psycho”
Sheila: “you don’t know anything about me”
Eric: “that maybe be so, but I do know what it’s liked to be judged, and forgotten, to have people turn on you, without remorse, you’re not the only one suffering”
I didn't think about that
We after a 25 min drive get home, the road takes just as long as a walk because there are shortcuts on foot

Eric: “sorry I had to force you to get a ride, just wanted to be useful for once”
Sheila: “yeah whatever”
As I walk into my house I know he probably won’t leave until I enter
Like the gentlemen he is
Sheila: “Ummm Eric”
I don’t even turn around to speak to him
Sheila: “do you like me”
Eric: “well I don’t hate you, and I hate everyone”
Sheila: “could you come inside and you know Ummm we could maybe watch a movie or hangout”
Eric: “sure I guess I can stay”
He locks his car and walks in
Sheila: “make yourself comfortable”


Bridgette

Mom: “Well Girls that’s how I met your dad”
Bridgette: “wait what, what did you do with him”
Mandy: “yeah Mrs Daley what happened”
Mom: “I’ll tell you later, for now, you girls need to go eat”
Mandy: “I bet I know what happened”
She walks closer to her
Mandy: “you sat on his lap like this”
She placed her large ass on moms lap
Bridgette: “yeah and then Daddy put his hands-on mommy’s big boobs”
Imagine how petite she was with her large breasts as a teen
Mom: “well these actually kept growing after high school, they were no bigger than Mandy when we started dating and they got even bigger when I had you, Bridgette”............
An awkward silence fills the room........,...
Mom: “woo that’s enough for one day, your father is probably waiting for me downstairs, and I need to”
She quickly lifts Mandy off and runs out
Mandy: "ha ha ha"
Bridgette: "the look on her face though! Embarrassed with the conversation" 




























Chapter 5
Alex
By this time Jay and I had become a long-distance relationship. It's alright we text and call constantly, Bradley had somehow lost Ash within 24 hours
And Jericho......

Alex: “suspended....” I am puzzled how quickly this happened, it’s only a few months into the semester.
Jericho: “yeah dude, suspended”
Alex: “suspended..........”
Jericho: “okay you seem to not understand me, suspended yes from the school indefinitely”
Alex: “For, harassing the chancellor”
Jericho: “I didn’t know who it was, she was talking to Danielle, that senior who likes you”
Alex: “she doesn’t like me but continue.”
Jericho: “I thought since Danielle likes you, her friend might like me”
Alex: “then you said?”
Jericho: “I was drunk but I may have suggested that she come over and we do something...”
Alex: “stop, please enough, enough I don’t wanna hear it”
Jericho: “you gotta help me like get it rescinded, like please bro”
Alex: “how??”
Jericho: “Danielle is good friends with her, she can get it rescinded”
Alex: “............okay suggesting somehow you’re not drunk, let’s say you are right, why would Danielle do it”
Jericho: “Because”
Both Alex and Jericho: “she likes me/you”
Alex: “okay I really need to ask you how you get into this messes”
Jericho: “speaking of mess, what’s up with him?”
Bradley was just lying in bed staring at the ceiling
Alex: “let’s just give him time, he needs to think”

Janice
Every day it seemed Alice was pulling Johnny to some hidden place for their escapades
However she was sort of getting bullied so was this the way she was dealing with it, Alex told me that maybe she may like it but I wasn’t too sure so I called her into the teachers’ lounge, Alone!

Janice: “is everything alright Alice”
Alice: “umm no miss J, I mean my grades aren’t dropping right” She's hiding something
Janice: “no Alice, I’ve seen Sage and her friends”
Alice: “no ma’am please, it's fine they haven’t harmed me or anything” she now seems desperate.
Janice: “why are you so quick to defend them, like there has to be something they have over you?
Alice: “no it’s nothing miss, I mean it, please just don’t concern yourself I’m fine”
Janice: “I’m actually more concerned now Alice, I’d have to report any unusual and harmful student behaviour, I hope you know that if my superiors find out I let you off then I would be removed as a tutor so I’m gonna ask you again”
Alice: “but it’s not like you have any evidence”
Janice: “of Sage mistreating you with her friends, no I don’t but I do have evidence of you and Johnny”
Alice: “how did you, when did you”
Janice: “tell me the truth Alice, what’s going on, you’re not the type to have sex in....”
Alice: “listen... don’t tell anyone okay, um....”

Alice
Janice: “okay Alice, we’re here, come in”
Janice walks me into her house, I told her I’d explain everything but no at school, at somewhere more private
Janice: “can I get you anything, Tea, ice tea, juice”
Alice: “Ummm, do you have an electrolyte?”
Janice: “a what?”
Alice: “water is fine”
While she walked to the kitchen I studied her house, she left with her parents, weird for someone like her but understandable, she called me up to her room, where she said we would not be disturbed, there I saw a very much teen girls room, lots of colourful bands, Icons, inspirations were there to see.
Janice: “okay Alice, time to tell me your story”
Alice: “oh alright, um I guess we can start from the beginning”

My name is Alice, I was raised by my parents Sam and Edward Richards. They adopted me from a very young age and taken care of me ever since. Sam was not a big fan of the idea, it took years for Edward to convince his wife to adopt after she discovered she could not have children, in any case eventually Sam moved on. Sam had dreamed of being a mother and I was her bundle of joy, one fateful day they would come to my orphanage and choose me from dozens of girls. Their reasoning for selecting me was I looked like Sam’s mother, or in this context looked like her Grandmother as a child, soon after several home visits by the executives of child services they’d let me stay with them, I was 6 at the time, very shy to speak, but eventually their kindness had me unable to stop speaking. From what I understand my real parents brought me to the orphanage as a baby, they were no married and assume or they assume had me out of wedlock. They weren’t willing to break their marriages to take care of me nor sacrifice whatever exclusive career they had for me, so they gave me away, something I think all orphanage kids have to deal with, the pain of feeling worthless
When it came down to school, I was rather a very capable, girl, at first since I was sort of neglected in terms of my beginnings in school, soon I was ahead, Sam helped me with homework daily, Edward would also appear time to time, they when I asked them what I should call them, I was hesitant to say, mom and dad, eventually I settled on Sam and Ed, I’m sure it’s not something they like, their child preferring their real name over mom and dad but they soon got used to it.
I was eventually getting better and better at school, I began skipping grades, although I was not necessarily into the idea, I felt I wanted to prove a point, to make a statement to not just me but everyone that I am worth something. Eventually, I got an offer, a university offer but I wanted more, something that I couldn’t get anywhere, a normal childhood.
I refused to go, although they weren’t willing to take no for an answer, eventually, I had to verbally commit to one of them so I did, a full scholarship to Washington University. During my sophomore I started wearing reading glasses, they wore so nerdy yet surprisingly the guys seemed to like them a lot, guess the nerdy look was sexy nowadays. I liked the attention, yearned for it and I’d buy into the nerdy look, wearing skirts, pantyhose, heels, lipstick and always doing my hair formally, only ever letting it down for special occasions. Sam was very in between with this but eventually, he started getting used to the sexy nerd outfit. I met Johnny, he was the kindest sweetest guy I’ve ever met, and he was also usually one of the smarter guys in the class so we would be paired up with each other there often. Since everyone else wanted to pair up with us for assignments knowing full well they’d do basically nothing and we’d carry the load. I guess all those hours spent together started casual, but they got more intimate
When I brought him home to work together mom was already on the trail, acting like an excited teen who got a date with her crush, fixing my room, making me wear more attractive outfits, I felt I owed her the experience so I went along with it. Johnny would arrive and ask what was happening, I’d assure him nothing and he’d laugh about the absurdity of it all. I kept trying to tell mom he was a study partner but mom insisted he had a crush on me.

In any case, our time spent together sort of evolved, we’d start talking more personally, Johnny had a great sense of humour and would sometimes have me crying from laughter. I didn’t notice that I started getting more comfortable, changing my clothes in front of him, doing more un-ladylike things, farting, burping, sitting in rather revealing positions. He didn’t seem to mind and it made talking to him less straining.
We were in our senior year and he’d come to visit me after day one of school, my mom was so used to him, they start talking more often, and more comfortably.

He sat down and as usual, we’d play scrabble, this was a very competitive game. Things got a bit hilarious when Johnny was just about to lose, so he tossed the board down.
Johnny: “game over, undecided”
Alice: “you are evil, why, I was this close to beating you for once”
Johnny: “well Mrs too smart for school, pick up the pieces and put them on the board, I’m sure you remember where they were”
Alice: “well actually I do, get ready to get your ass whooped”
I crawled over and we started picking them up together, we’d accidentally grab the same piece at the same time and I’d pull on it to stop another dirty play, Johnny would pull back and I’d fall over on top of him
There was a bit of an awkward silence
Johnny: “so you planning on getting off me Alice, hey, I can see my reflection in your glasses, Alice? Alice.....?”
I was debating whether or not I should kiss him, I’d never kissed anyone before, what if he doesn’t like it, what if he doesn’t like me, and doesn’t ever wanna come back.
What if he loves someone else? I can’t let me get
These thoughts distract me from what he is doing, and his lips meet mine.
Johnny is kissing me, it’s just as good as I thought it would be
Alice: “hmmmmm” I am already moaning
My first kiss was magical, hypnotic, I could feel him get excited underneath me, I was grinding every part of my body on top of him, my large breasts, my thighs we were so caught up we didn’t realise my mom calling us.

She walked up and opened the door
Sam: “Alice, Johnny do you want to ...oh my!” 
Alice: “mom it’s not what it looks like, please we were just”
Sam: “no it’s alright, Alice you’re a growing girl, I’m sorry I should knock next time, I was gonna say dinner is ready, I assume Johnny will be joining us when you’re done come down and eat and......”
Alice: “okay mom” I am pushing the door closed
Sam: “Okay sweetie, wait I wanna say I’m so proud of you, I knew he’d be your first, Johnny just know that we support your relationship.......
Alice: “mom out”
Sam: “honey please I need to take this in, I was so afraid you’d never meet anyone and that this boy would be picked up by some floozy”
Alice: “mom, please! I wanna make out with my boyfriend, out!”
Sam: “alright baby, love you”
And the door closed, I made sure to lock it
Sam: “EDWARD HONEY YOU OWE ME $20 it finally happened!”
I turn towards
Johnny: “boyfriend?”
I sit back on top of him
Alice: “shut up and kiss me”

Our relationship continued from there, and well the very next day I had taken my top off for him, and my skirt

The next day I was fully naked as we kissed and he was only in his boxers

The next day was my first, Johnny after arriving and talking we began kissing again and then he took everything off, and so did I. I was only in my silk stockings which I assume he liked, he went between my legs and starting licking me, I was immersed, it took me a while to remind him to lock the door. Afterwards, I told him enough foreplay and let him carry me, my first sex position I couldn’t be more excited, Johnny was smiling as hard as I was, I placed his head on my entree and didn’t realise he was so big, I was aroused but still felt the stinging pain of virginity. Johnny couldn’t only get so much in and didn’t take long to cum as well!
He was embarrassed to cum so quickly yet considering the pain I was in I was glad it ended there, I even reassured him it’s alright. Since he came inside me those pills mom gave me would be put to use

The very next day was almost the same routine but this time I was a bit prepared, after kissing we eased on to my bed and Johnny went about spooning behind me, he was slower this time, the position allowed it, and he’d ease in and slowly go in and out, not as painful this time but it took time to accommodate him, I could never take anything more than a few centimetres. Johnny though increased the amount slowly yet assuredly soon enough I was able to feel the entirety of him inside me, it was still pain but the pleasure was far much greater, Johnny’s strokes were quick but not constant, he’d jab then wait then jab, like a clock, he was aware of what he was doing, and I had to hold my mouth to silence each gasp I made, soon though Johnny was going quick and fast, I dearly hoped he can soon because the pain had started to take over and gasps were becoming shrieks, he did cum and this time on top of my ass, I felt so naughty and dirty and relieved at the same time

The next day which was Friday we went to his house, I’d greet his Dad who was on his way out with his little brothers, twins Caleb and Cody
We went to his room, it displayed lots of love for rock, even had a drum set. I was studying his interests in music as he started taking off my clothes again, no conversation just sex again, I was still focused on other things as he did so, but he would then just open my blouse sending multiple buttons flying, I was so agitated, clearly, he wanted my attention but excuse me for learning what my boyfriend likes. In any case, he would get me to forget about it as he licked and bit my neck, I told him with my pale skin it would swell and my mom and dad would notice, yet he kept doing it anyway. I would be too turned to tell him to no do it and once I was fully naked he’d press me against the wall and start licking my pussy once again. I was so turned on I didn’t realise, how much I wanted this, I’d been staring at him all day, I had to, I couldn’t hold it anymore, I came so hard shivering a bit but almost dazed. Johnny would pick me up and begin positioning to go inside me, my first position, him carrying me now replicated. Johnny was now aware of the pain I was going through so he’d allow me to dictate the pace, I couldn’t help but go faster on each hop and eventually he’d help me, this was it, he had hit my spot and I was getting used to him, my first orgasm was a few seconds ago and I was about to get a second one in a matter of moments and it came to fruition. I’d cum so hard and even dig my nails into his back. Shivering once more, Johnny would place me down on the bed wrapping my feet together around his neck and continue the onslaught, I was so sensitive I had to control him, I was not aware it be this sensitive after only 2 orgasms, I had to temper Johnny tried to control his pace but eventually, I knew I had to let him loose and so I did, Johnny would start to pound into me. Each time his thigh tapped my ass I was closer to the third orgasm, I bit my lip to stop myself screaming but the third spine-tingling orgasm came, and Johnny was still going, my face was red, my body almost lifeless and Johnny would pull out and jerk off on top of me, moaning himself before cumming on my tummy. He almost collapsed himself, the third was our best, I don’t think ever beat that so far.

By the weekend we’d had sex a bunch of times, each better than the last

I wanted to tell him I love him but Johnny would always beat me to it, saying it right after our third time.

I guess people took notice of our relationship, they saw us touch a bit more, talk always, and we did get caught kissing in an empty classroom
Imagine, if I had gone to college early, I’d have never gotten in a relationship with Johnny



Alice: “this one (blue dress with a tight midsection) or this one (an orange dress that matches my recently dyed hair, usually a brunette but went with red this time)”
Johnny: “how about you take everything off, we start from there”
Alice: “Johnny, I need to look good for this formal dinner, I wanna make a good impression for the governor”
Johnny: “if they wanted the smartest kid in school why not me”
Alice: “Ha, keep telling yourself that buddy” I weigh up my options on the mirror, Johnny walks behind me
Johnny: “are you sure I can’t be there”
Johnny had such deep blue eyes
Alice: “stop I need to get ready, they asked for me by name, something about promoting education in the state and I just want the free tickets to Hawaii for my parents”
Johnny: “okay, I love you (we kiss over my shoulder), hmm Orange!”

Later on, at the dinner
Governor: “let’s have a toast, to good educational development”

Sage: “love the orange babe!”
Alice: “it looks good right, I mean I was...”
Sage: “you look transformed without the glasses”
This was Sage she's head girl at my school, at my school Student body president is appointed the students
Head girl and boy by the teachers
Janice was the first to get both roles
Sage might be the second, is it a surprise they were roommates
Alice: “well now I’m flustered”
Sage: “don’t be, I mean I love making cute girls blush but we need to remain calm, people are gonna come here and ask us questions about the school and we need to make a good appearance”
Sage doesn’t break eye context with me
Sage: “these events are very tedious, I hope we can spend some time together later on”
Alice: “I’d like that” I can't believe this.
Is there anything Sage can’t do?

Hours later we do spend plenty of time just sitting in the empty restaurant, most executives have left.

Principal Andrews approaches us
Principal: “thank you girls for coming tonight, hopefully, we will get the funding we need with how you impressed the guests”
Sage: “We are always happy to be of service, but we are getting the tickets right”
Principal: “right! Right! Always business with you huh Sage, guess that’s why the staff like you”
Alice: “can we leave sir, these heels are”
Principal: “please do, call me when you get home, we need to make sure you get home safely”
Sage: “don’t worry sir I’ll drive her”
Alice: “really?”
Principal: “that’s all well and good, but when you drop her off, call me”
Sage: “I will!”
..............

Sage: “hello Principal Andrews..........Yes, we are at home............. I invited her to stay the night with me, and I already informed her parents.........”

Sage had lent me some pyjamas for the makeshift sleepover, I didn’t have many female friends at school since I was younger than most of my classmates.
Sage was always so well put together, I wanted to be like her.
I was excited, more than excited being with her, in her bedroom, we could talk about cool stuff, stuff that famous kids talk about

Sage: “what the deal with you and Johnny you an item”
Sage sits down!
Alice: “We are, like officially”
Sage: “really girl spill, tell me everything, I mean it was obvious but neither of you are willing to tell so”
Alice: “it’s relatively new, I mean we started early this year and now it’s almost the end of our final semester and our senior year next year, we probably gonna be like at the leavers dance together.”
Sage: “tell me everything, how did it start, I mean surely day one something happened right”
Alice: “no actually not much actually happened, we just chilled and eventually we started kissing”
Sage: “let me guess, the floodgates opened right, you were like rabbits weren’t you”
Alice: “yeah, don’t make me blush Sage, it was a new experience and well I was a sex addict for a few weeks”
Sage: “aww the joys of youth, I remember my first time”
Alice: “who was it with?”
Sage: “Janice!!, she was like super cool and everything, I was her roommate at school, it was, it was so hard living with her, she’d be naked all the time, basically she’d turn Me on every day. I didn’t know I liked girls until her.”
Alice: “wow really, that’s porn, former president and future president. You’d be rich if you recorded it and sold it at school”
Sage: “I do have recordings, and we did it a lot but I guess now that’s not the case anymore....”
Alice: “what happened, Sage, you look hurt”
Sage: “nothing just umm, we grew apart”
Alice: “listen, Sage, you will find another girl, just a beautiful if not more than Janice, you don’t need to.....”
Sage: “yeah like that will ever happen, there isn’t anyone who thinks I’m beautiful enough to date “
Alice: “you have one right here!!Hello”
Sage: “really?”
Alice: “yeah duh, come babe you are smoking hot, I’d kill just to be near you”
Sage: “you mean it”
Alice: “of course, you would have me melting if I wasn’t dating....”
Sage places her finger on my mouth, silencing me
Sage: “could you do me a favour, (I need my head) it’s been a while since I did anything with anyone since I touched or got touched by anyone, I know you have a boyfriend but can I have a small kiss, I mean I know it’s not something easy to do but, it’s one peck, just to know you mean what you say”
I was so caught out, she asked me to kiss her, but then I was thinking about what Johnny would say, I guess if it makes her happy,
Alice: “one peck”
Sage: “one”
Alice: “okay, come here”
Sage hovers over me like a predator staking a prey
She sits on my lap and holds my face, this stopped looking like a peck a long time ago, her lips are so soft and I instinctively open my mouth to let her tongue in.
..............




Janice: “Wait, you and Sage, you cheated......”
Alice: “let me finish”



Well the peck was now a make out, I realised what had happened and yet stopping would be like rejecting a girl in need of love, I was trying so hard to make sure she kept in check, resisting her attempts to remove the very pyjamas she gave me.
Sage: “oh, so you’re not attracted to me” she immediately looks distressed
Sage: “you lied to me in my own house, so much for being friends”
Alice: “I have a boyfriend”
Sage: “who has you 24.7, I have no one, you know what it’s probably best I take you home “
Alice: “no, look okay, we can do this but please we can’t go too far, just please come back here and I’ll let you do whatever you need to do!”
Sage: “whatever? I need to do!”
Alice: “yeah whatever!”
Sage: “okay” that improved her morale

Sage comes back to me and places her hand immediately under my top, she pulls it off and immediately licks my breasts, they barely fit in her hand but her mouth, it’s so good on top of my tits, she bites them between licks, making me moan, and making them swell, she does the other breast.
Sage: “don’t forget you have shown you are attracted to me”
I get the memo and move my hand to her pants, move them down and grope her ass
Sage: “hmmm that’s my girl, keep doing that”
Alice: “you’re so sexy Sage, I can only dream of this”
Sage: “well this is not a dream”
Sage starts moving down, pulls down both my shorts and panties and now has me completely naked, she then licks my toes, covering each with her tongue, licking back up, towards me, reaching my clit, she is slobbering all over it, I play with her hair while she onslaughts my pussy, her tongue going deep inside me, I can see her eyes looking up at mine. Her tongue would continue relentlessly flicking my clit, with her tongue, only stopping to use her fingers.
Eventually, she came up and we kissed, she was only wearing panties, her top on the floor, her pants removed. Her breasts on mine, we kissed a few more times before she sunk me and sat on my face, smothering me with her legs. She’d give me some aggressive treatment rubbing herself with my face, next, she’d move her panties to the side giving me excess. I gave her the same treatment she gave me, just from a different angle, I was timid as this was another first time eating a girl but she was shaking above me. I devoured her pussy, up and down, getting my tongue everywhere. She would sometimes flinch when I sucked her clit.
Sage: “you’re getting really good at that, maybe you’re a secret lesbian, at least now you are”
She reaches back to my pussy and behind fingering me while I eat her out

Alice: “J....J......J!!!”
She’d been fingering herself, right in front of me, her eyes closed, hands in her pants
Janice: “fuck, my bad, you wanna talk about the scene a bit more to help me finish or”
Alice: “fine” this is a bit annoying, but I guess she was enjoying it that much.


So I was beneath her, my tongue in between her legs, she began, fingering my pussy, her body grinding on my face, she turns herself around.
Sage: “I needed this, this, someone to make me feel like this, fuck keeping licking me like that”
She remained with her pussy on my face but would now place her head down to lick me once again, I was still recovering from the previous attack, it felt so good, she was so much better than I was at playing with a girl's parts, my tits were still also sensitive from the licking, she was in control, from the first moment she spoke to me.
I was desperate for an orgasm, and she was aware.
Alice: “please please make me cum, please, I need to cum”
She’d get off me, place her fingers on my pussy, tingling the clit”
Staring at me
Sage: “say you love me! Say you’re in love with me”
Alice: “Sage, I can’t I!”
Sage: “say it”
Alice: “I love you, Sage, please, I love you so so much”
.............................

Janice: “fuck! I’m gonna”


Alice: “You’re gonna what, you’re gonna cum of that”
Janice: “fuck” Janice convulses on her bed as I watch her, I can’t help but also get really hot watching her body do that
She soon realizes I’m still here
Janice: “hmm... pant... then what happened”

...........................
Bridgette
I had asked mom for something to prove her story was true, the story seemed way to, unreal, and the talk of suicide seemed like mom just overdramatizing her past
Mom however did produce a picture of her and my dad, as well as a voice mail message from dad, I asked for her to play it.

Eric: “Hey umm I just wanted you to know that I will be in town for a few days, I hope I see you at the high school reunion”

Sheila: “Well if you were hoping that we got together after that day, it didn’t happen”

Bridgette: “what happened then, I can’t believe you still have that old voice recording of dad”
Me: “let me think, what happened that day”

Sheila
We got inside and well we talked
Sheila: “you mean to tell me you don’t have a girlfriend”
Eric: “not recently, I’ve been with other girls, you’re hard and tough girls, I got bored of them, they all cared more about other things, more than actual love”
Sheila: “well that’s, umm good to know” Yes, he is single!
Eric: “well what about you”
Sheila: “what about me”
Eric: “well you are a smoking hot babe”
Pretty sure I am blushing uncontrollably 
Sheila: “I guess so but ever since that suicide thing, no guy has even talked to me”
Eric: “really, what about that guy.... umm that foreign guy, Francisco?”
Sheila: “he’s gay!”
Eric: “No fucking way”
Sheila: “ha-ha, yes”
Eric: “he doesn’t act gay”
Sheila: “yeah well not all gay guys act like princesses”
Eric: “I know but.... how do you even know that”
Sheila: “girls talk, a lot, they say he has some Italian boyfriend, he models in Europe when schools close and well, let’s just say flirting with the other models looks obvious even if you can’t understand the Language”
Eric: “but those are rumours right”
Sheila: “I know, that’s what I thought until I found a video with him inside. You want me to show you”
Eric: “no thanks”
Eric: “but you talk to him all the time”
Sheila: “yeah because like you, he barely attends class but unlike you, I get paid to help him”
Eric: “oh yeah.... this movies sucks by the way”
Sheila: “shush this is the part where he cries for her”
Eric: “ahhh it always the same, boy meets girl!
Boy messed up!
Boy apologizes!”
Sheila: “that’s because you always mess up”
Eric: “yeah perhaps, but all I’m saying is that guys sometimes are great and the girl is the problem”
Sheila: “like one example”
Eric: “ahhhhhh”
Sheila: “you can’t think of one can you “
Eric: “it’s not like I watch movies like you”
Sheila: “yeah yeah whatever, you can watch my movie or you can go jerk off or whatever you guys do”
Eric: “we do more than just jerk off”
Sheila: “I’m sure you do, like shout when someone scores a touchdown or a dunk or whatever”
Eric: “seriously though, you really think we are Neanderthals”
Sheila: “not really, I think you dumb, inconsiderate, insensitive, remorseless, hateful (midway through “considerate” he looks my way, I guess I lost my train of thought) sexy, smart, intelligent, reasonable, helpful, kind, dedicated, selfless”
Eric: “ummm I guess we are, a few conflicts in there though”
Sheila: “ummm yeah I guess you got some great qualities”
Eric: “some great qualities, well I guess so but...”
He moves closer to me
Eric: “I’d like to show you those qualities though”
He is now hovering over me blocking the TV leaning on the couch with one hand, and his face so close to mine
Sheila: “Eric haaaa, haaaa (I’m breathing heavily now) Eric please pant pant “
Eric: “I want to be the guy who shows you all the good qualities”
Sheila: “pant I pant”
My gosh I wanted this the anticipation was killing me, his lips so close, his deep brown eyes, his hair, his chest, his biceps everything about him made me want him, made me go crazy, but the one thing that got me shivering
Eric: “I want you, Sheila”
His voice!
We share our kiss, our first kiss, our most passionate, and our most memorable


Bridgette
Dad: “ha-ha, you describe it like it was perfect”
Mom: “wasn’t it?”
Dad: “it was for one my first time kissing a girl”
Mom: “oh honey that was obvious”
Dad: “Wait why didn’t you tell me “
Mom: “I was wetter than melting ice! I didn’t care plus you started getting better the more we went on”
Dad: “those were the days, we were so young back then, I used to work a leather jacket every day”
Mom: “you used to do a lot of things every day”
Bridgette: “I know I should tots be grossed out but I wanna find my Eric”
Mom: “well that boy you like, I’m sure he’ll come around”
Dad: “wait a minute!”
Mom: “Eric she’s old enough”
Dad: “old enough my foot, no punk is stepping anywhere near my little girl!”
Mom: “Eric honey”
Dad: “I knew that security alarm was gonna be useful, I’m gonna call them right now”
Mom: “Eric baby, sweetie please “
Dad: “HELLO, is this UYU security!”
Mom: “sigh, sweetie gets some sleep, I’ll tell you the rest tomorrow”
Dad: “yes give me your best package, I want those boys to not be able to get anywhere near my family”
Mom walks out while dad listens to the features of the security system
Mom: “Eric you always talked about how you men were not that bad”
Dad: “hold on! And you told me we were idiots, so protect my child by listening to my wife”
Mom: “not you, and you are better than any man I know”
Dad: “electric fencing! That sounds brilliant”
Mom: “Eric, our child wants to be happy, she needs a father who supports her and trusts she’ll do the right thing”
Dad: “what’s that, you can have delivered by tomorrow”
Mom: “if you cut the call, I’ll do that thing with my mouth that you love”
Dad: “goodbye! Come here, Sheils “
I stand by the hall, next to my door
Bridgette: “I so want my own Eric”

Mom and Dad always made my house fun to be in, I came from school and mom had gotten a good deal on nail polish and I just couldn’t resist.

Bridgette: "Listen, I need to know what happened"
Mom: "with what honey"
Mom and I were doing our nails, she asked me to do her while I do mine so we were on the carpet, my legs on her side, and her legs on mine
Bridgette: "you and dad, you kissed remember, in the room"
Mom: "Oh we broke up after"
Bridgette: "wait a minute, wait hold on, Mom, you told me it was the best kiss, the most passionate"
Mom: "It was, it was complicated, I was leaving, and he was staying"
Bridgette: "so, what did you, how did, that guy who stays with us is the same person in the story right"
Mom: "Sweetie, your father is the same Eric from the story, and yes we eventually married and yes we eventually had you, our little bundle of noise and expenses"
Bridgette: "what noise?"
Mom: "sweetie when I got you that vibrator, I wanted you to explore your sexuality without having to throw away your dignity, I didn't think you'd use it every night"
Bridgette: "MOOOOMM!!! GAWD!!!"
Mom: "don't worry sweetie, your Dad sleeps right through it"
Bridgette: "Mom, I don't wanna do your nails anymore" I put down the polish and cross my arms
Mom: "yes dear and you’re gonna find a way to walk without getting the floor dirty, we are both stuck here"
Bridgette: "at least tell me though, when listening to me play with my kitty, did you play with yours"
Mom: "oh dear that would be inappropriate"
Bridgette: "it would, it would but be honest Mom" I look at her, she remains with her head down, and I guess time to return her favour for embarrassing me
Mom: "well, it does sometimes, rarely, just excite me to see you umm, enjoying yourself, makes me proud that you understand how to please yourself"
Bridgette: "uhuh, well, umm, I guess, it’s nothing new, and it’s nothing as amazing as you touching yourself"
She is clearly getting excited
Mom: "umm, honey, I think you were right, I need to umm go see you"
She heels steps out of the room, taking the polish I was using on her toes
Bridgette: "bye mommy"
Mom: "bye dear"

Sheila
Sheila: "pant, why does she do that, she gets me excited so often, but....."
Eric: "well she knows, hence she uses it against you, don't worry Sheils, it's normal to be attracted to your children, she is a beautiful girl"
Sheila: "it’s because you see her as a little girl 24/7 but when I see her, she's well-developed women, and I made that, I nurtured that, and we talk about everything. I can't help but be so turned on by her just being"
Eric: "look Sheils, it’s just a phase, it will pass, plus, she does it because she won't hate you for being attracted to her, I mean she trusts you"
Sheila: "yes I guess so, but even her friend, Mandy, she drives me crazy too"
Eric: "yeah but I think it’s because Mandy helped her settle here, you know"
Sheila: "why are you so understanding about this?"
Eric: "because I love you, Sheila, it’s not like I don't think about how you feel when I go to teach, the young students I see"
Sheila: "well, I know those skanks would never break our vows"
Eric: "our daughter learns there"
Sheila: "yeah, she is one of the good kids"
Eric: "ehhhh "
Sheila: "Eric what have you heard"
Eric: "well, not a lot, just rumours"
Sheila: "wait what kind of rumours"
Eric: "the kind I think you should wait for, she'll tell us one day"
Sheila: "ERIC, WHAT KIND OF RUMOURS"
He starts kissing me
Sheila: "Eric, you are so lucky I am so horny, but after this, you will tell me exactly what my daughter is getting up to at school"
His hands find their way into my bra, he always took it off so very quickly, playing with my breasts
He put his other hand around my throat, and started kissing my chest, I had developed an addiction to choking, and when he did it, I felt so under his control, at his mercy
Sheila: "Eric, please don't stop"
Eric removed my bra, he raised my dress and rubbed me through my panties, his hands only rarely leaving my throat.
Eric was so gentle though, it took time to even get him to put his hands there, then even more time to get him to put enough pressure that I struggle to breathe, they say the most exciting moment is that before death.
Eric had his mouth firmly on my breasts, softly sucking them,
Sheila: "Eric honey, please don't stop"
Eric kept going, still rubbing, sometimes I would forget that Eric has selfless tendencies, I forget he gets turned on too
Sheila: "stop! You are not gonna just be letting me keep making me orgasm while you don't bother! get on the bed"
Eric: "wait, Sheila, you don't need"
Sheila: "oh yes I do, get on the bed"
He stops protesting and lies on the bed, I remove his trousers, and his cock flies out
Sheila: "I miss doing this, we used to do it every morning, before Bridgette .....(I lick the shaft), I miss watching your face, you tense up so much when I lick it here (underside of the dick) do you like that"
Eric: "ahhh yeah"
Sheila: "yeah, yeah, (I lick up and down) you want me to suck though, they never tell you how fun blowjobs are, they just tell you it’s not very ladylike, If I knew, it would be so influential on how a guy would react"
Eric: "well they never tell me how important foreplay is"
Sheila: "hmmm, you are the master of that honey (I suck his cock) so good (I try to go as deep as possible, on each bob of my head, eventually my nose is on his torso. Eric flinches from excitement, my throat wraps around it) I do miss this, you like that baby (I massage his balls and get back to suck it)
Eric: "Sheila, you do that and I will cum soon, so if you could just uh slow down a bit
Sheila: "of course (I start licking the tip) let me give you time to enjoy it"
I play with Eric’s dick, just lightly tapping it on my tongue and occasionally putting it in my mouth, my hands are playing with pussy in between my legs. I feel like a school girl again, my feet swaying in the air, my knees face down on the bed, instead of a lollipop it’s my husband’s dick, the person I fell in love with, am still in love with, it turns me on so much.
Eric: "I can see you enjoying yourself down there, come up here"
Sheila: "I’m, coming!"
I give his dick one last kiss and scoot up, Eric places me on my side and spoons me from behind, lifting my leg and penetrating me intricately, by this point I am way too turned on to resist entry, he goes slowly, kissing me all over, I shudder at every single forward stroke he makes, he comes over my shoulder and we kiss while he is inside me, all these feelings, added on to overflowing arousal, from everything he was doing, his hands still on my throat, I couldn't help but crash into an orgasm, it’s so sudden.
Sheila: "baby, hmmm, that was so good, say you are mine"
Eric: "I am yours, from the day I met you I was yours, through this day until the end of days"
Sheila: "awww yeah, fuck me and kiss me again"
He started going faster, he definitely was gonna cum
Sheila: "baby, unless you want another child, you might wanna"
Eric: "I’ve been thinking, Bridgette, she's not gonna be here very long"
Sheila: "really, you mean it, you want another"
Eric: "I may have not been ready then but I am ready now"
Sheila: "then keep going Eric, keep going, Stay inside me, don't ever leave, keep going, (I was a combination of hysterical and my lust reignited) fuck me, fuck me, your mine aren't you, I am yours aren't I, fuck me, inseminate m..."
Eric, would groan and thrust one final time, I would feel all the semen run-up.
Sheila: "you are the best thing that's ever happened to me, now since you decided this on the spot, I have to stay still for 30 min, meaning go serve Bridgette her dinner and come back to me, and I want to be in your arms"
Eric: "does it not matter how tired I am"
Sheila: "hey, do you want to explain to your daughter, why I am walking like a penguin.
Eric: "Dinner, got it"


Bridgette (listening outside the room)
"A new sister, yay!!"


Alex
Ash and Bradley had been fighting all night, shouting at each other and I needed to find a place to sleep. I first tried Jericho, I mean I was helping him get out of a disciplinary hearing.
Jericho: “oh it’s you, Alex what do you need”
Alex: “Brad and Ash won’t stop”
Jericho: “oh I see well you can crash here if you like”
Alex: “yeah cool thanks”
I walk in, I see a few familiar faces, two girls, Isis and Simone are here and sleeping on Jericho’s bed, I position myself to sleep on the floor
Jericho: “whoa! Hold on there, my young Alexi”
Isis yawns suggesting she's awake, barely!
Isis: “You’re a jerk, Jericho, Alex come here and sleep between me and my girl”
Jericho: “now that’s a good idea, get in there”
Alex: “dude it's cool, I’ll be okay”
Jericho: “listen to me, either you sleep on the bed or find another place to sleep”
Fuck this guy
Alex: “FINE” I get really moody when I’m woken up early
I move to sleep, both Isis and Simone are naked but Isis is half asleep, Simone is dead asleep
I position myself to make sure I’m not touching anywhere inappropriate
Click!!
I turn toward Jericho and he has his phone out and just took a pic
Alex: “Jericho what the fuck”
Jericho: “just to make sure you get me reinstated”
But moreover, blackmail
He leaves, I’m not really too bothered about the pic but I was too tired to really care anyway
Isis: “what’s the matter Alex, never slept with breasts like these (she shoved my face into her chest)
Ohh yes suck my nipples like the dirty pervert you are”
 I just wanna sleep
Isis: “yawn!”
Isis seems to have been teasing as she immediately goes back to her slumber
I stay there, tied to her breasts unable to move for fear of being pulled into a bad situation
Simone starts moving
Alex: “Simone what are you”
Simone: “shush!”
She sticks her hand into my pants and starts stroking me, I can’t resist getting hard
Her hand skills are amazing, she goes up and down my shaft, and periodically massages my balls, very silently, she matches her strokes with her body, rubbing her breasts into my back as well
I let this go on for a bit too long before jumping off the bed
Simone: “awww why’d you leave, (she cups her breasts) don’t you want to play with us”
Isis: “yawn! Simone were you playing with him without me”
Simone: “yeah I mean he was right there”
She licks her fingers”

Isis: “you’re so greedy, I wanted to play with him”

I walk out trying to gain my composure
Given that these girls got Brad to cheat I can see how he faltered but I needed to be resilient. I decided to try Rachael, her room was pretty spaced out
..............
Knock knock!

Asumi: “hey Alex, Rachael is asleep”
Alex: “hey Asumi, I need a place to sleep could you”
Asumi: “Alex what’s wrong with your room”
Alex: “it’s got a lot of noise “
Asumi: “and your friends”
Alex: “don’t like any of them and they probably won’t help me”
Asumi: “but you sleeping here could ruin my morning time with Rachael, because she does like you too”
Alex: “do this and I’ll put in a good word with Danielle”
Asumi: “how do”
Alex: “well for one she’s my friend and I know you share a bed with Rachael, so there’s a free one right”
Asumi: “alright fine “
Alex: “Great”
I make my way in and begin to get comfortable, the bed has no blankets but Asumi lends me an extra
Rachael: “baby! Who was at the door?”
Asumi: “Alex, needed a place to sleep”
Rachael: “Brad and Ash huh”
Asumi: “yeah I think so”
Rachael: “they are so cute together”
Asumi: “not as cute as us”
Alex: “oh dear god I wanna sleep”
Rachael: “really babe”
Asumi: “don’t give me those eyes, it turns me on”
Rachael: “it does”
Asumi: “yeah it gets me hot”
I hear what I can only assume is kissing
....................
It doesn’t take me too long to realise why Asumi sleeps here these days
And soon enough I need to walk out since it seems my presence awakened some fun time between Rachael and Asumi.

Getting kicked out by your roommate and best friend is one thing, but then having your other friends be less than helpful is another?
“Hey stranger”
Danielle shows up,
Alex: “where are you coming from, this late”
Danielle: “girls work is never done, you know that better than anyone”
Alex: “I do, you taught me a lot”
Danielle: “you look like shit, let me guess, can’t sleep”
Alex: “yeah”
Danielle: “why so”
Alex: “it started at the party, Brad did something bad and now he’s at wit's end with Ash, they argued for hours and they haven’t stopped”
Danielle: ”alright say no more, follow me”
We walk around the girl’s sorority, it’s like midnight
Alex: “I wonder if I am even allowed here”
Danielle: “no but don’t tell anyone, no one will bother you so it’ll be okay “
She takes me to one of the rooms in the house
Danielle: “our recruits will move in once they complete induction
Until then you can stay here
Don’t make a mess”
Alex: “thank you, really”
Finally
I rest on the bed and close my eyes

I have a dream in it, Danielle, is there, wearing her iconic shorts, she’s tall yet has a great figure and mesmeric hourglass figure
Wait! is this a dream, no, the room I’m in had a view of the pool, Danielle was going for a swim, but another question was what was she doing in the dorms, anyway she takes off her shorts, reveals her beautiful ass, she pulls back her blonde hair and reveals her well-shaped bust
Her breasts are nice a perky, seemingly defying gravity and her nipples hard from the cold air outside
She dives in and begins doing strokes and I Fall asleep




Sandra
Sandra: _how was work today_
Janice; _nothing much happened, I guess Sage twerked in the cafeteria, got viral, she had the school putty in her hands_
Sandra: _jealous she’s better than you_
Janice: _well no! Shut up yes I am jealous_
Sandra: _ohh my little girl has a lot to learn_
Janice; _like you’re any better_
Sandra: _is that a challenge_
Janice: _no no (smiling emoji) you're better white flag (white flag emoji) _
Sandra: _laughing emoji’s_
Janice: _so I want to visit Alex_
Sandra: _I know you want to but you can’t leave, it’s only 3rd week of schools opening_
Janice; _I know, but I miss him, it’s been slow, I haven’t seen anyone being fucked or been fucked or done anything fun in a long time_
Sandra: _how about we do something fun, to get your mind off things_
Janice; _like? _??
Sandra: _let me teach my girl how to twerk like her big booty sis_
Janice: _yay (smiling emojis’s) _

Danielle
I was holding another council
Meeting, I was happy to see Alex was showing a real passion for this
Danielle: “so before I leave I want to make a big change here guys”
Aubrey (Vice President): “more than you already have, it’s because of you that there hasn’t been a party accident in two years, you’re the reason students can apply and challenge their course offering, and you’re the reason”
Trent (Secretary): “that’s a lot of praise from our future president isn’t it, sounds like you want her nomination”
Aubrey: “it’s true, what I’m saying, we cannot just pretend it’s not, and don’t act like you don’t want it”
Trent: “well I won’t disagree that she’s done a great amount for the institution, but I promise to do a better job”

Alex (future council member): “are we already on the campaign trail, let’s save that for next semester....so what exactly is it that you want to improve, more than you’ve already improved”
Craig (future council member): “I’m
Guessing if it’s something or anything that needs improvement it has to be the rampant gender profiling on campus, no one asks for pronouns here, not a soul
Alex: “maybe Craig if you read a biology book, once in a while, you’d understand that there are only two genders”
Craig: “how is this Nazi on the council, I’m sure you like discriminating against me with your hate crimes”
Alex: “the only hate crimes are the ungodly things you do to your body”
Danielle: “enough! While I do not subscribe to this idea of gender reassignment, I was still raised in a Christian home, there is a change in the landscape and we have to be at the forefront of awareness”


Danielle
The room: “Yes Danielle”

Danielle: “okay before we begin the induction process, I’d like to introduce you to Annie (black hair and nails, a Goth girl with lots of tattoos, very moody, pessimist but would give anything for the club)
Annie: “hey,” she says this with the most uninterested voice
Danielle: “behind all that negative energy is an excellent role model, our other club members are not present at the moment, but you’ll meet them as time passes”

Coach Marksen: "again *whistle blows*"

The recruits were supposed to flash the coach as one of their challenges, the coach was so kind to make sure the staff are not aware of our nefarious activities, but it may be because he likes getting to see the tits of the new students

Marksen: "good job Jason! Run the play again, good throw Trent"

He was running the team through while the girls and I watched from the stands, usually, we would be working on cheers but the senior members would cover game one of the season, and ease in the rest of the newbies later
The coach was doing usual drills, which reminds me of the time, we first arrived, it’s the same play from 4 years ago
I am happy at the level of recruitment this year, was beginning to think the club would die down

Marksen: "alright boys hit the showers, debrief in 15!!"

SHOWTIME!

Danielle: "alright girls now, any more questions"

Janet: "so, we have to do it?"
Danielle: "yes you have to do it, this is the only thing that's a must on the list, for everyone, the rest is up to you, we only expect a 50% accomplishment rate"
Annie: "and before you whine like the pussies you are, Danielle here completed the entire list"

Group: "Asumi: what!!!...Janet: no way...Rachael: how... I can't believe it...Christie: you must have gotten help"

Danielle: "I did it to prove I was leadership material, also to piss that bitch Madison who wanted it but that's beside the point, the idea is to suffer as a team, embarrassing yourselves, and no we don’t want you to show yourselves to some guys from the football team, I already know some of you would like that, this is gonna be done to a married, slightly old not very attractive man, who isn't the least bit rich enough to be your sugar daddy, you have nothing to earn from this but your unity as sisters of ALPHA PHOENIX"

That got them going, Christie and Isis who weren't willing seemed to get some courage

Danielle: “so girls who are we!"
Group: "ALPHA PHOENIX"
Danielle: "then let’s go and prove it"

So the girls all went in a rush, skipping down the steps and into the locker rooms.

At first, you can hear the whistles as they rush past the boy's showers and straight to the coaches office, I follow to see if anyone chickens out, those that do revoke their opportunity to join, I have to witness it, so I watch and confirm with coach to make sure everyone did it, all they had to do was show their breasts for him. It’s a yearly thing, and the coach always pretends to be surprised every year, only the president knows about this and none of these ladies will one day understand why we keep getting away with it. I couldn’t believe it when the last president explained how it worked to me.
A few moments later the girls rush out laughing like schoolgirls exiting school

Danielle: "well-done ladies, I'm impressed with your attitude, meet tonight to evaluate your performance, remember, there will be no second chances, so if you didn't show coach enough, you will be annexed, I'd recommend not going in there alone"

No one says a word



Rebecca

Alex: "I think it’s your serve though, you are so fast on returns, but when you serve, you don’t get that many aces"
Rebecca: "yes coach, would you like me to work on it"
Alex: "Rebecca Look!"
He turns to me, puts his hands on my shoulders! I turn away
Rebecca: "you touch me like that I'd think you wanna kiss me!"
Alex: "I know that defeat hurt you"
Rebecca: "yeah sure, every loss hurts me, otherwise, I wouldn't care"
Alex: "sigh, I know you don't like to talk about it"
Rebecca: "then why are you talking about it"
Alex: "because you for the first time since we've known each other, asked me how you could improve in Tennis"
Rebecca: "yeah because I wanna be the best, the best, and I need all the help I can get"
Alex: "you need to stop being so hard on yourself"
Rebecca: "Alex, how long should I make excuse, it’s my 7th tournament, not one top 100 finish"

Alex: "yeah but you'll breakthrough, you can't be moping around"
Rebecca: "still Alex I’m running out of time before people write me off"
Alex: "yeah, you are 22, but you have sponsors, you have backing, and you have friends, although obviously, I can't instantly give you a better serve"
Rebecca: "Yeah, I guess that means your pussy is wetter than mine"
Alex: "my gosh, it’s like talking to the biggest assholish guy ever, except she's really sexy"
Rebecca: "I know that, like duh, girls and guys can't handle me"
Alex: "ever think your tendency to sexually use people is why I am kinda your only friend"
Rebecca: "wait, friends, since when, whoa whoa, slow down bruh"
I am obviously joking he is my closest friend
But he turns away from me
Rebecca: "you’re not upset are you, surely not, come on"
Alex: "maybe I have a heart, and when I try to help, I get shat on"
Rebecca: "Alex, please, stop"
He continuous walking away from me
Rebecca: "Alex, Alex! Please"
He turns with a goofy smile on his face
Alex: "gotcha,"
Me: "I fucking hate you, let’s go, we are late as is"
We had been walking to class and this conversation had almost made me forget where we're going

Brad
Ash: "how could you"
Brad: "She said she needed it for her club"
Ash: "yeah I know I tried to join it"
Brad: "And, why did you leave"
Ash: "because I wanted to make sure we have enough time"
Brad: "you did that without talking to me about it"
Ash: "right because I have to tell you when I want to spend time with you, and that's beside the point, club or not, you cheated on me"
Brad: "I didn't do it because I wanted to"
Ash: "But you didn't have to either, you big dummy"
Brad: "yeah yeah sure, as if you haven't been sucking the teams cocks since you got here"
Ash: "YOU WERE MY FIRST!"
Brad: "you really expect me to believe that douchebag you took to Prom was"
Ash: "I couldn't because I had spent the night crying to him about you, he took me"
Brad: “yeah yeah, sure, so now we making exceptions"
Ash: "you are an asshole, I never want to see you again"
Brad: "We are literally in the same fucking college"
At this point there’s a crowd looking our way, Ash trying to hide her tears, I had just made a mistake, Isis and Simone cornered me, I guess I wasn't good enough, I am just trying to be the biggest jerk so that she stays away from me.
Brad: "listen, don't call me, don't text me, don't say hie to me, it's over, I can't be with someone so beneath me"
I walk away and meet up with Alex and the guys, Alex turns his attention to me

Alex: "so I hear you and Ash broke up"
Brad: "dude, it just happened"
Alex: "see there's this thing called eyesight and I just got a DM from Jason alerting every team member that you are available for parties again"
Brad: "Yeah but we both don't like those"
Alex: "did I forget to mention you are an idiot"
Ross: "Alex dude leave him be, he needed to dump that slutty"
Brad: "don't talk about her like that"
Alex steps between me and Ross,
Alex: "Listen bruh, either your punishing you and her, or you are stupid, or both, but yeah did you ever think to tell her how Isis and Simone...”
Brad: "that's no excuse and you know it!"
Alex: "you are right, it’s no excuse, but at least its closure, what you did however was like seeing a question you know you won't get correct, and deciding to not try to answer the rest"
Brad: "Alex bruh what makes you think you know me, you out here, with your girlfriend back home, and your amazing side chick Rebecca"
Alex: "Watch it bro"
Brad: "We all know you are the biggest hypocrite alive, always acting like you know what to do all the time"
Alex: "I see is that how it is...."
Brad: "I know what you are gonna say.... next (I move closer to him, we are now looking straight in each other's eyes) You just trying to help, I...DON'T........NEED......YOUR...HELP"
Ross: "yo guys come on, it’s just a bad day for all of us"
Brad: "no it’s just a bad day for me, if you need me, Roomie, I will be making noise with my new girls"
I walk away from them

Ross: "Alex forget him, man, he'll calm down"

Alex
The argument with Brad had me upset like I’m trying to help him, we’re friends right!
Janice like she can sense how I feel texts me
Janice: _Are you okay_
Alex: _ummm yeah but honestly no_
Janice: _what is it_
Alex: _something that Brad said to me_
Janice: _which is_
Alex: _that I'm a hypocrite. That I act like I know it all_
Janice: _no one knows it all_
Alex: _yeah but I want to know more, all if possible_
Janice: _yeah but sometimes, you gotta accept that, people aren't just gonna take your advice_
Alex: _then what do I do to make them take the advice_
Janice: _you could be doing something wrong, a special person once said: "to change someone you must first change yourself"_
Alex: _using my words against me, you are a class act my lady_
Janice: _I only aim to please fair sir_
Alex: _well my lady, I hope to return such pleasantries_
Janice: _ohh kind sir you can do so, by poking my bottom with your rod_
Alex: _I would certainly my lady, Always I am at your beck and call, for family and country_
Janice: _ohh believe me, you may do it for anyone you see fit, so long as my rear is thoroughly romped_
Alex: _when did we start acting like 19th century British_
Janice: _you made me watch BBC_
Alex: _ohh yes I got those tapes from Jodie at the farm_
Janice: _how is she, I mean_
Alex: _her house isn't far from yours you know_
Janice: _yeah but, it’s weird, she has a thing for you and she thinks I stole you from her_
Alex: _well you can’t necessarily say I was stolen when she had already taken something else_
Janice: _if she hadn't married Joe, would you have been with her_
Alex: _what ifs don’t help the situation_
Janice: _I want to discuss this more, but I fear an argument_
Alex: _I will talk about it, just not now, the pain is still fresh, lets umm, try to dream about each other_
Janice: _yes my good sir_
Alex: _I have the greatest of affection for you my lady_



Rachael
Ash: "And then he said......"
Rachael: "it’s okay babe, it'll be alright”
Ash still in tears
Asumi: "can I get you anything, water, coffee"
Rebecca: "A gun??"
Asumi and I glare at Rebecca as if she doesn't understand the situation
Rebecca: "I mean if someone treated me like that they'd definitely be lucky they don't die"
Rachael: "look I think you should forget about that guy"
Ash: "I can't, I came here because I wanted that guy, and yes I know it’s a bit stupid but, I love him"
Asumi: "still, after what he said"
Rachael: "it’s okay listen, we are here for you"

Danielle walks into our room, immediately she and Rebecca glare at each other
Danielle: "Rebecca, good to see you"
Rebecca: "I would say the same thing but......"
I sense tension there, Rebecca is catty with most girls, but there was more to that than just a jab, I mean it felt that both got agitated

Danielle: "I came here to inform you two that you accomplished the exercise as promised, and of course, Ash to finalise her leaving the club"
Rachael: "wait what do you mean Ash is leaving the club"
Ash: "Yeah, well, I thought the club had too many responsibilities, so... I wanted to make more time for Brad"
Rebecca: "so you are obsessed and you’re stupid"
Rachael: "Rebecca!!"
Rebecca rolls her eyes at me and continues reading
Danielle: "yes well, I filed the papers this morning, meaning the eligible members are listed here"
Rachael: "I was hoping you'd make an exception because she'd just found out that morning that her boyfriend cheated on her"
Danielle: "you heard my speech this morning right, Asumi you remember"
Asumi: "yes, no exceptions to any individual regardless of ethnic background or circumstances”
Rachael: "meaning"
Asumi: "meaning, no chance for Ash to join"
Danielle: "why do you think I insisted so much for everyone to be present?"
Ash is hysterical, unable to stop crying
Rachael: "what you’re saying is you make us do everything on this list"
Danielle: "what I am saying is I made it is so you had to do one embarrassing thing, on the list to be invited, what I am saying is that I make no excuses because I took away all excuses"
Rebecca: "awww cut the crap Danielle, she means legit, Ash can only try again next year, and that the last test and only test was that coach twerk off which means you’re basically in!"
Rachael: "how do you know so much?"
Rebecca: "because I tried to join and no I won’t tell you why I didn't join and if Danielle knows what's good for her, she won't tell you either"
Danielle: "ohh don't worry, that information is reserved, anyway well-done ladies, welcome to AP"

Danielle walks out

Ash: "My life sucks now"
Asumi: "Ash you can stay with us"
Rebecca: "no no no no!!!"
Rachael: "why not"
Rebecca: "simple, it'll cut into my playtime"
Ash: "playtime??"
Asumi: "she means when we have fun"
Rachael: "Ummm yea but Ash isn't into girls so"
Ash: "Ummm, no I am not, so I will be going now because I am a little uncomfortable"
Rebecca: "bye, sunshine, don’t let the door hit you’re....."
Rachael: "Rebecca!!!"
Rebecca: "oh you are so gonna enjoy playtime"
Rachael: "sigh, be nice"
Rebecca: "you sound a bit unsure like you might like it"
Ash: "okay, bye!!"
Ash runs out the door, clearly sensing the tension
Rebecca: "ready to play"
Asumi: "Yes ma'am"
Rebecca: "I like your eagerness, but I think Rachael wants one v one time, Asumi follow Ash, make sure she's okay"
Asumi: "why do I have to go?"
Rebecca: "GO!"
Alright: “alright!”
Asumi saunters out
Rachael: "so how can I please you, today Mistress!"



Jodie
Jodie: “You didn’t have to do this Joe”
Joe: “yes I did, it’s the least I can do after all the neglect I’ve given you, can’t imagine what you’ve been doing in your spare time, I imagine it has batteries though”
Jodie: “don’t embarrass me “
I lightly hit him, we pulled into the restaurant, I hadn’t worn a dress since prom so it was nice to go out wearing one, and Joe, he looked dashing in his suit, loved characters in suits, even in games
Joe: “table for two”
Waiter: “yes sir right this way”
We make our way to the table and take a seat
Joe keeps looking at me, like I’m the only meal on the menu, those piercing eyes of his made me melt
Jodie: “stop it I can’t order”
Joe: “you know that you’re the only thing worth it on this menu, I already know what I want to eat, not and later on”
Jodie: “you’ve got a silver tongue Joseph, it’s enough to make a girl swoon, but let’s have fun before my panties need to get changed”
Joe: “alright, found what you like?”



Sandra
Sandra: so Walter what is it like teaching kids for a leaving, I mean does it get as stressful as other jobs “
Walter: “not really (oh my god he has dimples, I’m hot right now, stop smiling my sweet Prince) I mean the kids are so great, watching them grow and learn to sort of deal with life’s problems is so rewarding to be a part of, this one girl, Janice, she never really seemed interested when she first came but her attitude, the change is caused, she became a whole new person”
Sandra: “did this girl happen to tell you what inspired her to become so proficient”
Walter: “no but I have a good idea, she’s a great goal, I’m the one who recommended her to become a teacher’s assistant”
Sandra: “wow, you’re like, the most wholesome person on earth, like, so like sweet and kind, where have you been all my life, I tap his hand “
Walter: “I’ve been around, spent some time elsewhere, Europe, Asia trying to sort of get a feel for the world, got a job at B&R and well, never really looked at settling down until now.”
Sandra: “really, hmmm, I’m gonna ask you now, any baby momma situation in your life, or any drama, like, do you have any weird things at your home, do you have bisexual tendencies, I’m gonna clear space on this table so that you can empty all your baggage”
Walter: ”that bad huh”

(Please stop smiling I’m trying to be serious here sweet Prince)
Walter: “well I guess the only baggage I have is that I really love sex, I was an addict for some time after high school”
Sandra: “(dear lord I don’t know what I did but thank you, thank you, please don’t ruin this one for me, and please may he be perfect)

Walter: “hello, Dree, hello?!”
Sandra: “Oh my, I mean Walter, sorry”
Walter: “it’s alright, I’m daydreaming about you too”
He’s got legitimately the cutest smile, ever
I’m trying so hard to stay strong and not just jump him
Jodie: “Dree! Hey!!”
Sandra: “Jodie, ohhh Jodie hey. (I stand up and we embrace) What are you doing here, where did you get this and girl! Damn”
Walter: “nice to meet you Jodie I’m”
Jodie: “tall Dark and handsome, please just tell me this date is going well”
Dree: “hmm, you must be here with Joe, where is he??”
Jodie: “we’re seated by the pillar, we haven’t ordered yet, you wanna make this. Double date”
Well yes and no, yes I do and no I don’t, but Jodie might keep me under control
Sandra: “baby, you wanna join Jodie and Joe?”
Walter: “why not, let’s go”
.



























Chapter 6 
Brad
This was it, the moment I’d wanted for so long, her Ashley Kang,
Ashley had short blonde hair, a super sexy body, she preserved herself like a model, and I could swear she had no fat anywhere on her. I loved her that way. Her voice was clear, yet warm. I loved Ash for such a long time. At the start of high school we sat together on the first day of school, on the bus, and ever since we’ve been friends. When we graduated I told her where’d I would be going and how cool it would be if she came too. She acted like she wasn’t going to, I was getting ready to give up. Normally I would not have given up but then the prom broke my heart.
Basically, I expected it was obvious to her that we were going together to prom, but Ash thought I wasn’t interested and took some asshole, they kissed a bit and left together while I, the actual Prom king was dateless, quite a story winning prom king without a date but then again it was a hollow victory.
We talked and laughed about how we fucked up what could have been a fun night, but I guess it wasn’t a real conversation where we discussed the real problems. Ash surprised me though, she showed up at my room and I was excited. My roommate Alex had this thing for knowing what was going on before being told, he knew I liked her and convinced me she liked me.

Alex: “what girl would apply to the same university as someone just to surprise them, but not like want to date them?”
Brad: “yeah I get you Alex, but come on, why she hasn’t asked me out”
Alex: “because both of you are afraid the other doesn’t like them the same and I’m trying to convince you, if she were here I’d be convincing her”
Brad: “and if she doesn’t like me, then what, do we go back to being friends”
Alex: “it’s better than whatever this awkwardness this is, you’ve probably liked maybe even loved each other for years”
Brad: “okay look, I appreciate the advice but at least let me think about it”
Alex: “I’ll see ya, later”
We met again at lunch, this was still the orientation weeks of varsity and by this time Alex and Jericho and I were well acquainted.
Jericho: “there is no way you are saying that”
Alex: “I’m telling you, that’s what happened, she did in right in front of me”
Brad: “but why, like she’s married and shit right, unless she is a whore or something”
Alex: “no no no, she’s not whore”
Brad: “how do you know, I mean how many girls spend most of their time trying to turn on men for giggles”
Jericho: “bruh, she’s a voyeur”
Alex: “that makes much more sense”
Brad: “a what??”
Jericho: “she gets off on public indecency”
Alex: “that would explain the roof”
Jericho: “our boy Alex here is a dog”
Alex does not hesitate with his middle finger
Brad: “I didn’t know you did that freaky shit Alex, but hopefully I’ll join you soon enough”
Ash: “what are you guys talking about?”

Brad: “ahh uh umm we ...." I wasn't expecting her to be around
Jericho: “yeah Brad what were we talking about”
Alex: “yeah Brad, you were saying something”
Brad: “I was saying Oprah is a wonderful person, and that Obama deserved 3 terms”
Ash: “well I heard you were into some freaky shit, because me and my girls here, like it too”
Brad: “umm really”
Isis: “of course, you guys would be so good for a nice orgy or something like that”
Jericho: “Yesss”
Simone: “baby, you should slow down, we only just met, and I’m Simone by the way”
Isis: “come on, Simone, you know I get eager around boys, especially when they are as cute and as handsome as, mmmm (Isis, licks her fingers)”
Jericho: “yes yes yes”
Alex: “okay I have a girlfriend and I wanna keep her, so I’m gonna go somewhere else”
Isis: “I’m just joking, I’m Isis, by the way, you must be Brad and you must be Alex”
Simone: “down, girl, (Simone pulls back Isis) enough you’ll get some attention soon but for now, let’s enjoy the tour of the school”
Ash: “you guys are so adorable, shameless but adorable, just remember I don’t swing that way.”
Brad: “soo that was yeah a bit weird, but glad you’re here Ash, do we have a story to tell you about our boy Alexi here”
Alex: “I hate it when you call me that”

Ash and I spend the rest of the day joking and laughing while Isis and Simone disappeared somewhere with Jericho
Alex: “okay, so I feel like a third wheel, I’ll see yah soon”

Brad: “bye dude”
Ash: “see ya, Alex”
Brad: “so Ash, I’ve been meaning to ask something”
Ash: “okay you’re looking serious, I’m not liking that, stop being serious. I know if I kiss you will you stop being serious”
I wasn’t expecting that
Brad: “yeah!! (wait am I showing too much excitement), I mean cool yeah it’s cool”
Ash: “come here papa bear”
We kiss a bit, it’s our first time kissing but we’re both too timid to go further or be more passionate, I was concerned I’d ruined the moment, take some friendly kissing too far, ask for too much and ruin our friendship. Her lips tasted like lip balm, she smelt like a garden of roses, I was so focused on her I didn’t realise how long we were kissing.
We stopped only when my phone rang, it was Jericho telling me he just had a threesome, with two babes, why call me to tell me that, that ass.

Ash: “ahem, yeah I should go, it was fun, Bradly” she looks like she enjoyed it, I enjoyed it too
Brad: “yeah it was, I’ll see you too.”
..........

Brad: “you won’t believe what just happened”
Alex: “you kissed Ash”
Brad: “I kiss.... how did you know?”
Alex: “it’s a gift, it’s almost like I’m writing this story”

Brad: “right anyway, she totally liked me, I mean she left without telling me if she liked it, what if it was so bad she was going to hide from me and now she is going to move to another university”
Jericho burst through the door
Jericho: “wassup bitches, guess which son of a bitch got two bitches to pound town”
Brad: “holy fuck, why did you call me”
Jericho: “to show you how much of a faggot you are, you still haven’t done it have you, and I’m having 2 at once”
Brad: “I have done it”
Jericho: “with who, not like seriously tell me her name, I’m listening, “
Brad: “she doesn’t go here, she didn’t even go to my high school”
Jericho: “you liar you haven’t done it, not once, imagine Ash's embarrassment, I bet Ash has done it with that prick at prom and you”
Brad: “shut the fuck up, I would have done it if not for your call”
Jericho: “a real man, does it regardless of my call, man, you should find some help, before you lose Ash to bad sex”
Alex is by this time up and sensing where this conversation is going
Alex: “Jericho, how old are you, how high are you”
Jericho: “oh boo hoo, go cry to your girlfriend, Janice, or is it Jodie, or is it, Rachael, you know Alex, your gonna have to choose before they choose for you”
Alex: “you’re gonna need to stop being an ass before you need to choose new friends”
Jericho: “if this guy cries, it’s because he doesn’t have the balls to fuck anyone, you know it, I know it and he knows it, am I right Bradley the virgin”
Brad: “that’s it”
Alex gets in between me, although did he really think he could stop us both, me and Jericho, exchange punches
While Alex in an attempt to stop us ends up taking a few of them.
Alex: “stop, stop for fuck sake”
It doesn’t take me long to get a hold of Jericho and pin him down
Jericho: “alright I’m sorry dude, I’m sorry, let me go”
Brad: “why should I, I should break your arm”
Alex: “Let him go, man”
Brad: “why should I!”
Alex: “because this guy isn’t worth it, plus you could get expelled”
Brad: “fuck you, Jericho, get outta here”
Jericho: “dude I was joking, come on, Alex?”
Alex: “don’t look at me, I’m done helping”
Jericho: “come on guys, can’t we joke about”
Brad: “get the hell out of here!!”
Jericho: “alright I’ll leave”
...........

I didn’t sleep that night, I had needed to make sure I wasn’t bad if my first time would be with her.

Me and Ash, spend the next few weeks together, it wasn't like we were not gonna, but things remained civil, she told me about some club named Alpha Phoenix and how she was thinking of joining. Just like most of our conversation, we met by the benches of the outdoor basketball court, mostly empty but it was a hangout, with good shade, enough for our previous kiss during dusk but for now, it was afternoon and we had time to crunch.

Ash: "like they offer some fees reduction, and the extra money you get to keep"
Brad: "So it's about cash, I thought it was just an excuse for the lesbians to meet up"
Ash: "well yeah some of the thing swing but you know I am not into that, like at all"
Brad: "really, you sure, I mean Simone and ..."
Ash: "no, no, no, as they tried, I just couldn't like even imagine"
Brad: "so like, have you ever you know"
I was trying to find out
Ash: "done what, Brad, what are you talking about?"
Brad: "have you like done it come on, tell me"
Ash: "you're being extra weird today, like, awkward, what exactly are you asking"
Brad: "umm, you know what forget it, I wasn't even thinking"
Ash: "weren't thinking, what weren’t you thinking, I guess"
Brad: "I was not thinking you had sex, I mean of course you have right"
Ash: "Uhuh, yeah I mean, of course, I have, have you? Brad"
Brad: "what, me, yeah I mean, we get lots of umm pussy when we win prom king, like of course" I lied!
Ash: "Hahaha, yeah, I am sure you do"
Brad: "Yeah, so cool, we both have some experience which is really cool, yeah, I mean it’s cool, because experience is better for the experience right, not like cool like not having experience, is better"
Ash: "This is one awkward conversation, I better leave"
Brad: "yeah call me later??"
Ash kisses me on my forehead
Ash: "sure prom king, sure!"
.................................................
I made my way from the court to the cafeteria, Jericho approaches me
Jericho: "Dude, come on, talk to me, how many times do I have to say I'm sorry"
Brad: "how many times did I tell you to fuck off, but here we are"
Jericho: "look bruh, I was goofing off, I was happy, I had a threesome, that means a lot to me, so yeah, I was a bit drunk and I took it too far when I woke up I regretted everything I said, so come on, please"
I give him a cold look, grab my food and start sitting down to eat.
Jericho: "okay listen, I know how you can solve your issue with Ash"
Brad: "wow, so I have an issue"
Jericho: "I know you know I was right, that you might have, or most likely will have sex, and it’s gonna suck, do you want that to happen"
Brad: "sigh, well so much for regretting what you said"
Jericho: "my point was, it might be bad, it might ruin your relationship, or maybe it won't matter right, I mean you guys spend time together but aren't even officially dating, so maybe it doesn't mean anything"
Brad: "what do you mean?"
Jericho: "I mean if she thinks for any reason that you aren't interested, is she not likely to just find a real boyfriend, could be me, could be Alex, could be that ass she took to Prom"
Brad: "......................."
Jericho: "okay, the plan is to have sex with Simone, or Isis, your boy, that's me, made sure they were up for it, you can have one or both if you want, make your first time special"
Brad: "........................"
I don't know if I should punch him again
And here comes Alex
Alex: "that's a terrible idea"
Brad: "how do you know about this scheme of his?"
Alex: "because he ran me through it today, called himself a genius and left before I could tell him that it’s a BAAADDD IDEAAAAA"
Jericho: "Captain Alex to the rescue, well your advice hasn't helped"
Alex: "I didn't give him advice, I gave him info, which he has yet to use"
Jericho: "well I am giving him a plan, which he might use to solve this crisis"
Brad: "right well, I am glad my love life is a point of discussion"
Alex: "like mine wasn't, no you get the same shit I went through"
Brad: "okay what should I do, I just lied to her that I actually did do it"
Jericho: "All the more reason to actually do what I said, honestly, it's brilliant"
Alex: "it's stupid, how about we come clean, tell her we are virgin, does that not sound any better"
Brad: "no it's embarrassing because she isn't"
Alex: "well what other option do we have?"
Jericho: "it's a good plan, just admit, it’s a good plan, Brad we go in, we go out, and
Brad: "it's not we, it me and I will judge that"
Jericho: "yeah sure, but Brad we cool"
Brad: "by that you mean I no longer have the urge to hit you, I do, so go away. I won't say it again"
Jericho: "Alright alright I'm going, but I put more effort into that plan than I have my high school senior year,........Alexi lets go"
Alex: "Jericho I hate you, I don't think I say that enough"
Jericho: "That's Alexi for you, I love you! We got work to do"
Alex: "yeah yeah, hey Brad, listen, it'll be alright, don't worry"
Alex leaves and I continue eating my sandwich

A tall Latina, with blond hair, comes and seats right in front of me, I don't notice her until I look up, I hard swallow my food
Brad: "Hello, how can I help you miss?"
Danielle: "call me Danielle, or madam president, or AP leader, you know what, Danielle is fine, you're a friend of Alex"
Brad: "his roommate but yeah, I guess we're friends,"
Danielle: "well we go far back, I saw he was here, but he left before I could arrive, but I thought why not meet, someone close to him"
Brad: "haha, close, yeah we are getting used to each other, but we are cool like that, but feel free to come to our room and hang out with us"
Danielle: "I wish I could but I get so busy with my schedule, I find it difficult to take the time to see him, but if you could do me a favour and give him this number, tell him I am looking for him hey."
She hands me a paper with her phone number
Brad: "Yeah, I ...I will do that"
Holy... If I wasn't already in love I would put everything into her. Danielle immediately walks away, and I finally get to finish my sandwich
....................................................
Life at school is becoming more and more comfortable, I know where to go to get and do anything I need, my familiarity with the halls is getting better, but I'm most happy about Ash and I finally getting somewhere. At our usual bench spot, Jericho had started putting a reserved sign on it, making people think it was actually reserved for me and Ash. I remember when I saw the sign left by Jericho for the first time, I laughed to myself, Ash always sits on the bench with both legs together, but on her side leaning against the back, I don't know, I just adored that, she usually wore some slacks or something long, but ever since Prom, when she wore a dress, she's showing more of her body, today she was dressed casually, wearing a yellow dress.
I usually wore, light clothing, like a vest and shorts, but I always want to look presentable on days when I know we will meet, which is like every day.

Ash: "no way, like you know, I am huge into Tom Cruise, like I would let him smash"
Brad: "sometimes you sound like Jericho"
Ash: "how is he, I heard you two fought"
Brad: "heard, from who"
Ash: "from the bruises on your face a few weeks ago, and the ones I saw on him, and the ones I saw on Alex, and the fact that suddenly you stopped talking to him"
Brad: "ha so you were paying attention and I am stupid"
Ash: "depends, what did you fight about"
Brad: "it’s nothing, seriously, like it was dumb"
Ash: "and you don't wanna tell me about it, why, is it because it's about me."
Brad: "no, no, (lie to her twice, no way) okay it was about you, he said some shitty stuff about me, and you"
Ash: "and you beat him up"
Brad: "well yeah, he was talking shit, I mean it's not like I was quick to hit him, kinda feel sorry Alex took a few though"
Ash: "hahaha, that's so sexy prom king, don't let Danielle find out you did that, she'll have you gone"
Brad: "ha, I met her actually, she seemed nice, at least nice because she knew me"
Ash: "Yeah, I think she likes Alex"
Brad: "really how do you know?"
Ash: "okay so can you keep a secret, well yeah you got all my secrets"
Brad: "like that time you broke into your grandma's house and stole wine, then your grandma called the police because she thought there were burglars"
Ash: "yeah like that"
Brad: "how about that time, you snuck out to watch Atticus institute, the nun, and lights out, three horror movies in a row and got nightmares for weeks straight."
She moves over and tries to cover my mouth
Ash: "okay, I get it, I was trouble"
Brad: "you were so scared, yet you didn't wanna tell your parents so you came and slept over at my house, and then they thought we were dating, no matter how much we told them we didn't do anything"
She starts hitting me!
Ash: "could you listen, okay soo we and the new AP recruits were supposed to learn about how women's history, in the school, in like society and everything, and I didn't have a laptop, the library wasn't open so I didn't like to have a good place to do research right, I couldn't borrow anyone else's because I didn't know anyone at the time right"
Brad: "right! Soo"
Ash: "so I asked Danielle for like hers, I mean it was like a research assignment for the club right"
Brad: "uhuh then what"
Ash: "I was, well let me be honest, I was snooping, really, like at first I found like nothing, nothing interesting, normal stuff, presidential speeches, some old photos"
Brad: "yeah so what is there something missing"
Ash: "I found a folder written, Alex, and in it, there are a few pictures of her and Alex, she used to babysit him when he was starting high school"
Brad: "they are just pictures Ash, its nothing weird"
Ash: "at first yes, but this was no small file, it took me a while to find it to being with, so she had to be hiding something"
Brad: "you're so bad, tell me more"
Ash: "so in it, I found, some ordinary pics, even a video, like of them, playing together, Alex was so like young, but they seemed so innocent, a baby sitter and her baby. She didn't even have her blonde hair, she had like normal black hair"
Brad: "come on, how old was Alex at the time"
Ash: "he was probably around 13, he must have been starting high school because she'd help with his homework which had algebra and all that"
Brad: "okay, we are yet to get to the good part"
Ash: "yeah soo I kept scrolling down, there were lots of pics, but the pics starting changing, or let me say Danielle started changing....."

Brad: "yeah and!!?"
Ash: "be patient, so anyway, I saw that, as Alex got older, right, Danielle, started getting a bit, more, loose, free with what she said and did"
Brad: "how much footage was in this file?"
Ash: "about a couple of gigs, perhaps more than 10, but anyway, in one of the videos I see that Alex is 17, he like says it, and from the date, it was his birthday the day before, Danielle, right was about to start university, in the video, they talk to each other about what it feels like to go to a new environment"
Brad: "yeah, and then what, stop teasing me, tell!! Me!! What Happens?"
Ash: "nothing, they talk and Danielle takes Alex to bed. But then..... They go upstairs, and Danielle sings him to sleep"
Brad: "you are killing me with all this build-up"
Ash: "okay alright, so that night, Danielle takes more pics, from what I can tell she was just waiting for Alex's parents to come home, but got bored, then she started taking pics of Alex sleeping, then she took one of herself kissing his head, then kissing his cheek, then well yeah then one of herself kissing him"
Brad: "wow, like wow"
Ash: "I am not finished, this went on for a few months until she stopped babysitting, there is one where she takes his hand and licks it, and like plays”
Brad: "and Alex never woke up"
Ash: "there was a time he did almost wake up, in one of them, he suddenly talked in his sleep"
Brad: "This is crazy, like imagine if I told him"
Ash: "don't like please, because if you do, he might get upset and confront her, and I don't wanna see Danielle, upset, she was so nice to even give me the laptop in the first place"
Brad: "okay, I won't say anything, but keep going what else, did you find"
Ash: "so, I kept going, because I thought this was some hot shit, the time she actually took his hand and put it inside her."
Brad: "what and like finger herself with it"
Ash: "Yeah like she was moaning so loud, I could only see the hand because she was holding the camera with the other"
Brad: "I cannot believe we are talking about this"
Ash: "yeah like, I won't lie, I got horny of those videos, and anyway, there are a few more, the last few, she was completely naked with Alex sleeping next to her"
Brad: "but she never did anything when he was awake"
Ash: "hmm well no, well, wait hmm let me think, oh yeah, the more I scrolled the more ambitious she got, until"
Brad: "until! until what"
Ash: "so in one of the last ones, she put her hand..... Down his pants.....and he was hard, not sure if she drugged him, but he pulled out his dick and sucked it, and she moaned as she did it."
Brad: "How do these things keep happening to Alex?"
Ash: "what do you mean?"
Brad: "I will tell you my story later, keep going"
Ash: "yeah anyway, she didn't stop there, she then sat on top of him, and put it inside her, by the way, she's recording all of this"
Brad: "I know, aren't we lucky she did"
Ash: "yeah and well she fucked him for a good amount of time, even screaming his name, eventually, she shrieked and the video just ended"
Brad: "wow was that the last one"
Ash: "Yeah I think so, the rest were just farewell pictures, Alex and his family baked her a cake, Danielle and Alex danced together, it was really adorable"
Brad: "you just gave me the most entertaining day ever, like that's a crazy story"
Ash: "yeah it's outrageous, but I kinda get it, I mean she spent a lot of time with him, I don't think she did that babysitter thing where they bring their boyfriend over, she was 100% dedicated to Alex, and they grow up together, so I can sort of understand like how she fell in love with him"
Brad: "if you put it that way, I mean Alex is that sweet type of guy you know"
Ash: "yeah, there was one video tagged favourite, it was Alex right, one of their first videos, and she asks him, who he's in love with, and he's like, I only love Danielle because she makes me happy"
Brad: "awwww"
Ash: "that's what I said, then they hugged afterwards"
Brad: "do you think it could happen"
Ash: "no way, she's leaving at the end of this year, they seem so close yet so far"
Brad: "True, but it could happen, like it's not like it’s impossible, you know, for him, for them!"
Ash: "yeah but Alex has so many options, right, like you told me he was dating Janice but then Jodie liked him, then there the sister, what's her name"
Brad: "Sandra right, maybe"
Ash: "what you gonna be up to today"
Brad: "trying to get this story out of my head, I have to meet up with the coach, to talk about me needing extra prep for exams, maybe skip a few sessions"
Ash: "Exams are years away, come on, you don't need that, you got me, and I’ll help you so we can hang out"
Brad: "are you really willing to study with me, because we won't study"
Ash: "come on Prom King, you gotta keep the masses happy, come with me"
Brad: "where are we going?"
Ash: "we are going to have some fun"
We enter one of the university buildings and find a janitors closet, we get in, but the lights are off
Brad: "if you wanted to kiss me, we could have"
Ash: "shut up, hold this!"
Brad: "what's this, Holy, Ash where'd you"
Ash: "shush stop talking,"
She gets a lighter, and lights the blunt
Ash: "now poser, I know you've smoked before"
Brad: "yeah but I hated it"
Ash: "trust me you won't hate this, do it"
I can't say no to her, although she is a bad influence, I do it, and immediately, I am dazed,
Ash: "it's good right, give it here!"
Brad: "here you go, wow your skin is so perfect and pale"
Ash: "okay Brad, hold up"
She inhales as well and blows in straight in my face
Ash: "your royal prom king haha, since when do you dress like a prom king, prom king?"
Brad: "like this is so cool, my body feels all tingly, is this what it's like to orgasm"
Ash: "wait you haven't"
Brad: "haven't you what?"
Ash: "dude, you said"
Brad: "just kiss me"
I held her and she instantly held me, between all the drugs and the darkness, I didn't even know if I was kissing her or the broom
Ash: "mother fucker you missed, come here"
Brad: "oh, sorry but I can't see"
Ash: "your girlfriend isn't a broom"
Brad: "girlfriend!"
Ash: "kiss me Prom king"
This time it was her, I think, but it had to be otherwise that broom had grown legs and was grinding on me.
But she was, she was grinding on me, I could feel the moistness between her legs, we paused and laughed a bit
Ash: "mother fucker kissed a broom, your mouth tastes so bad"
Brad: "and you still liked it"
Ash: "If we put this but on you (she places the broom on my head), now you look like a king, long white hair"
Brad: "Since I'm the king, I order you to kiss me again"

We kissed again, and she moaned a bit, I holding her ass, squeezing and massaging it, to think it took a drug to get us to do things like this, it didn't last long

Janitor: "hey who's in there, fucking horny bastards, get out of there, I will not clean up more cum from the floor"

Brad: "Shit! screw you old man"
Janitor: "I will get the school supervisor, get out of there kid"
Ash: "we run on three, okay... (I nod my head),.....Three!!"
We rush out and drop the janitor on his ass, Ash surprised me and left me behind
Brad: "what happened to 0....1...and fucking 2, Ash, get back here"

Later on, we made it to the dorms and her room
Brad: "hahaha, and then he screamed, I want your names, come back here"
Ash: "Yeah, he probably won't be too upset, we didn't mess up anything"
Brad: "I hope so, I get called in, and I am selling you out"
Ash: "okay, anyway, so, we had fun today, you wanna come in, or you gotta go back"
Brad: "Nah I'll come in"
I get in, the room is neat, not much in the way of personal items, there are two beds, one I believe is Simone, the other to Ash, and I sit down.
Ash: "you want something to drink, you know, water or juice"
Brad: "no not really, I just wanna lie down, we ran a long way, (and so I do) Ash?"
Ash: "yeah?"
Ash walks up over me
Brad: "did you mean it, that you're my girlfriend"
Ash: "those were the drugs talking Prom King, I am your queen"
Brad: "that's..........awesome"
Ash: "so, what now"
Brad: "The king has a request"

Ash smiles at me and kisses me, this one is slow, it's more emotional like it carries weight, but it's long and soft, and sweet.
Ash: "are you happy my king"
Brad: "I love you Ash" I look her dead in the eye, as say that to her
.......................
Ash: "I love you to Brad"
She lies next to me, and we fall asleep together.

I leave in the middle of the night, noticing that Isis and Simone had also fallen asleep together, but it looked like they had been doing more than sleeping, with the position I found them in.

The next day has Jericho hounding Alex about a party, Marksen sends us out of class. I had been showing Alex pictures of Ash, Alex seemed convinced we weren't dating and even called me a stalker
Jericho got us sent out, although I had already been sent out previously for well, Ash had to do with it.

We walk out and talk, well Alex and Jericho are talking, I need Alex for notes so I can't exactly leave him, but Jericho is Alex's best friend, or at least Jericho thinks he is.
Ash Comes out of class and I immediately ditch them to talk to her.

Brad: "Ash! hey"
Ash: "Prom King, hey what you up to, get sent out again, haha"
Brad: "the first time was you’re doing"
Ash: "yeah, and now what happened"
Brad: "Jericho is trying to make Alex go to some party"
Ash: "yeah, Jason's party, well Isis and Simone were going to go, and they said it would be fun, and you know me and fun."
Brad: "I know you, I know fun, but it always has some consequences"
Ash: "it does but that's the fun part"
Brad: "that's the worth part"
Ash: "come on Prom King, you know I will make it worth it, I always do. You can't tell me that you regret the closet"
Brad: "yeah soo, we'll have fun, right, me and you, like always right"
Ash: "like always (she holds out her hand as if a handshake)"
Brad: "As King..........."
Ash: "ugh fine"
She hugs me and we kiss, if only for a few moments
Isis: "there is the happy couple, normally I would be upset you chose her over me, but.... we always love seeing our little cub get a lion"
Simone: "yes we do, and if that Lion looks like that, he can definitely take us on"
Ash: "can the lionesses walk away, you're ruining our moment"
Isis: "sorry girlfriend, but AP calls, you are our cub, we were told specifically to make sure you weren't late, and it is an all-day meeting so wrap it up"
Ash: "okay, bye Prom King, see you when I get off"
Brad: "Yeah, sure"
........................................I run back to Alex and Jericho
Brad: "so Alex you going to Jason's party tonight"
Alex: "what are you on about, I'm not going"
I don't need Alex to go, but I need to make sure my wingman is present, since he still thinks me and Ash are not going out, I use that to get him to go
Then Jericho and I threaten his relationship

That got him convinced
............................................
I drive over to Jason with Alex, Ash, Isis, Simone and Rachael. Alex has another girl he knows, Rachael, she somehow knows Alex and they spend most of the party together.
As soon as we leave the car we find ourselves in a room and continue the drug-filled sex, I think we both realise, drugs make it so much easier because both of us are way more direct about what want.
It's, fun, it feels good, kissing her, touching her, she feels great, she is insatiable, everything I do, she wants more of it, we are almost naked, she is wearing a skirt, and a sweater, but she isn't anymore, now only in her panties.

Jason: "Brad, get outta there, the party is in the parking lot, only, and you got 10min before I bring the master keys"

Brad: "fuck,"
Jason: "you already deep inside her aren't big boy, well doing it quickly, 10 min remember"
I'm not even naked, and "fuck" is frustration over how we keep getting interrupted, our rooms also have Alex and Isis or Simone so we couldn't do it there.

Ash: "sigh, let's try your car, is that good"
Brad: "Yeah, sure, let's go, she puts on her sweater, and her skirt and we walk about, nonchalantly making our way back to the car, where we immediately get in and try to salvage something, I noticed Rachael and Alex were seated on the boot at the back of the car, but I was not concerned, with if he noticed.

Ash: "hurry up, I am waiting Prom King"
We huddle in the backseat and continue where we left off, in my mind, there is only one thing that's important. At first, it is seamless, we go from, clothed to naked quickly
Ash: "wait, Brad, Ummm I need to tell you something"
Brad: "tell me, what, here? Now"
Ash: "it's just I've never done this before and I am a bit scared, or maybe the crack is wearing off"
Brad: "don't worry, I've never done this too"
Ash: "oooh, so we both lied, hehe"
Brad: "I guess so, let’s just do what we think feels right"





















Chapter 7

Brad
We take our time, well I try to make her first time special, now that I know it is her first time
Ash: “okay, take off my panties now Prom King”
I do as I’m told, at first I struggle to reach down, soon, I get frustrated trying to pull off the panties
Ash: “hey Brad it’s okay I’ll!”
Brad: “you just let me do it okay Ash, let me take care of you”
I wanted to make it clear that even if it’s my first time that I knew what I was doing
I pull hard on the panties, the car backseat doesn’t have much space, at least not much in terms of upper body space, and it means I can’t really spread my arms out and reach around her.
Ash: “ouch, no Brad come on, let me do it alright, it’s fine”
Brad: “okay, alright”
She almost swiftly takes them off and we continue kissing, I pretend to not be too affected by my disappointing efforts but it does affect me. We keep kissing, and I forget all about it, I try to smoothly transition my mouth down her body but end up head butting her.
Ash: “ouch! Sorry my bad, should have gotten out of your way”
Brad: “it’s my bad really”
We smile and I make my way down, I kiss her chest, her tummy, her pubic hair if excited me to see that, a more natural look. I get my mouth in and around her spot.
Ash: “‘Mmmmm yeah just like that, keep doing that prom king”
I keep licking, Ash flinches and knees my head accidentally
Ash: “Oh I’m so so sorry you okay”
Brad: “I’m fine, I’m fine it’s okay Ash relax”
Ash: “okay umm please keep doing that it felt really good”
Brad: “Alright”
I try to continue what I'm doing, I kiss her clit, lick up and down, I have fun with it really licking everything in and around her pussy, she begins moaning loudly
Ash: “get inside me, please I want you inside me”
Brad: “okay babe”
I try to rapidly get back to her, moving my body between her legs
I begin inserting myself in
Ash: “mmmmmh yes more”
the girl of my dreams begging for more but.......
Ash: “Prom King, hey.”
Brad: “Ummm hold on, I’m sure it’s nothing”
Ash: “what is it am I not enough, do you not think I’m hot Brad”
Brad: “it’s not you, I don’t know what it is, I just can’t”
Ash: “so is it ED”
Brad: “not it’s not ED, I don’t know this... this doesn’t happen”
Ash: “well, umm what do we do, umm?”
Brad: “I don’t know, I’m sorry Ash”
Ash: “no I mean I get it, you’ve probably used to better girls than”
Brad: “no Ash it’s not!
Rachael opens the door of the car
Ash: “hey Rachael, what the hell!”
Brad: “what the fuck were busy”

Rachael: “yeah yeah do it, don’t do it, I don’t care, I wanna go home”

I was so frustrated as it is, but of course, things weren’t going well, I see this as help from some form of external force.

Brad: “oh yeah whatever, we’ll do this some other time”
Ash: “yeah sure”

We get dressed, Rachael is wasted and sleeping on the back seat allowing me to talk about what just happened
Brad: “Ash, I don’t know why it wasn’t hard, I mean”
Ash; “it’s okay Brad, look it was too much pressure for the first time, but you know that say it gets better with time right”
Brad: “yeah but it took us so long to get here”
Ash: “yeah but it’ll get better right Brad”
Brad: “right Ash”
I’m almost in tears, I feel so pathetic, how could this happen to me, me of all people, why today, with her of all people
Ash: “please calm down babe”
Ash gives me a hug
Alex walks in, must have been talking to Danielle, he usually is weirdly happy after talking to her, or Jodie, his other friend and finally his girlfriend Janice. Those are normally the only people who can get him to be happy, generally. 
Alex: “what a fun party, I hope you two had fun, I’m guessing we’re leaving now right, Brad”
Brad: “yeah dude sure”

I take Alex and Rachael to our dorm, and then walk Ash to hers. We get there
And I’m still down
Ash: “it’s okay Brad”
Brad: “I hope so, have a goodnight”
Ash: “we’ll talk tomorrow okay, hey listen you are my Prom king, alright”
Brad: “alright” I answer sulkily
We kiss and she really does her best to make sure I enjoy it
She gets into her room and closes the door.

At first, I go into my room, Alex is already asleep and I try my best to sleep but I was hurt, my pride, broken! I needed to get it back

I get up, dress up and go outside, I drive back to Jason’s part. As soon as I arrive, I notice there are only a few people left, I walk up and grab the remnants of liquor available, a lot of them aren’t empty and I use them to fill one full bottle of whiskey, vodka, rum and beer. I drink it once and I’m immediately feeling better
Jason: “Bradley my man, you're an animal, your back for more, well there aren’t very many girls left here though”
Brad: “dude just trying to end this day on a high”
Jason: “I see you, well come chug with us”
One bottle wouldn’t be enough to get me drunk, I want to forget this day and so I join them, they still had beer leftover and we had fun. Isis and Simone were also apart of them, they were more or less focused on themselves, but they looked just as drunk as me. Soon it’s just us, and most have either gone home or passed out, but I’m so drunk much of the details of my conversation with them is blurry

But eventually.....
Isis: “you know Brad, you’re so sexy, why are you dating that prude Ash”
Simone: “Yeah, she told us that she’d only had sex once, I mean not that it’s bad but just once”
Brad: "I thought you guys were friends, wait, she told me it was her first time"
Isis: "wait, did you guys actually.... do it, when, was it tonight"
Simone: "no way, why would she lie to you, unless she felt sorry for you or something, but you've got experience, right Bradley, you can add on to that experience with us..."
Simone, wraps her arms around my body, pushing her breasts into me.
Isis: "Yeah, we can show you things, things you'll never see anywhere else"
I was caught, I was angry I had been lied to, I was angry, that it's possible, she did it out of pity, and my pride, which I drank back was shattered again.
Isis: "Brad, are you gonna say something, you look like your angry we asked, I mean we don't wanna offend Ash, and we know you care about her"
Simone: "but we need you just for one night, I mean, it’s even an AP requirement, to fuck one of the football players so"
I look hard at them, both are now holding on to me, Simone, even stroking my already hard dick.
Brad: "okay, I would like that"
I wanna see if maybe it was a fluke, that maybe I didn't mess up with Ash.
....................................
We go to my car, and learning from previous experience, I move the front seats forward. This gives much more room to the back, where Simone and Isis start taking off my clothes.

They crawl down my body and pull out my dick. They look up at me, clearly satisfied with what they saw. They took turns, licking it, up and down, eventually taking turns sucking it, I started closing my eyes, needing to concentrate, I thought about how, it was not flaccid like last time, it was hard, which for me was a great relief, I started to relax and enjoy, what Isis and Simone were doing, they began kissing while stroking me. Simone who is usually more controlled in terms of personality, stroking my balls.
Brad: "fuck you two are so hot"
Isis: "you think that's hot, wait till we take off our tops"
Isis, helps Simone take off her top, her breasts flop out, I reach to touch them, and Simone instead takes both my hands and uses them to massage herself.
Simone: "you have big strong hands don't you Brad, your strong biceps squeezing my soft boobs, I knew you were a lion weren't you"
Simone lies next to me, and leaves Isis, to lick my dick, she starts to suck it, and eventually tries to take as much in her mouth as she can.
Brad: "oooh fuck"
It's hard to imagine this is my first Blowjob.
Isis: "this is turning me on way too much, Bradley, I know you want me inside you now, don't you...”
Brad: "fuck yeah I do"
Isis: "okay, I want you from behind while I kiss my girlfriend, that always makes me cum, I am so fucking horny and wet for you"
She hurriedly takes off her jeans and positions herself above Simone on all fours, I move behind her and insert again, there's much less pressure this time, the outcome doesn't matter, so I am more stable.
Isis: "mmmm fuck me like that, hard Bradley, hard and fast, make me yours"
Simone: "you heard her Brad"
Simone spanks Isis, and holds her ass cheek open, and start slowly, but remember what Isis requested, the change of pace surprises her
Isis: "fuck, yes yes yeeeesss just like that, Simone kiss me and I'll cum"
Simone and Isis kiss, and sure enough I can hear her moaning through their kiss. It doesn't stop me, but she puts her hand to signal me to slow down.
Isis: "Bradley, baby slow down, I am really sensitive now (I slow down) yes that's right, keep going, your dick so good inside me"
Simone, has her hand in her Jeans, enjoying and encouraging me to fuck Isis more, reminding me how sexy they are. Letting me fuck them both in the back of my car.
I slowly, start trying to go faster, Isis loosens are grip on me... doesn't take long for her hand to longer interfere and I match the previous pace, but similarly, that means that I Isis doesn't last long before cumming once more.
Isis: "fuck,fuck,fuck,fuck,fuck,fuck... Brad!!! ohhhh myyy ggaaaa ohh, my *pant*, okay Brad fuck Brad"

Isis convulses and tightens up, her body remains stiff. Her legs automatically close.
Isis: "okay Bradley it's Simone's turn"

Simone: "finally, thought you'd make him cum before I got my turn"
Simone takes off her Jeans but does not move, just that she's still underneath Isis, so not much in repositioning.

Simone: "now Bradley, I like it nice a slow okay, go as deep as you can"
I need no further instruction, I keep a slow pace this time and Simone moans on each stroke, gasping if I work to go deeper.
Isis: "yeah, that's my girl (Isis reaches down and rubs her clit) take that dick, I know you can"
It feels Isis's efforts really excite Simone as her pussy makes a louder and louder slush sound.
Simone: "Bradley, fuck, slow down, give me every tiny bit of it"
Simone makes a huge gasp and soon enough begins rumbling, I try to control myself but watching her face, makes me cum inside her, it doesn't stop her from shaking as she orgasms.
Even after I am done, Simone is still shaking and shivering, and remains that way for minutes, almost as if her whole body is sensitive.
Isis: "fuck girl been a while since I saw you cum like that"

Simone: "Been a while since someone fucked me so good, Bradley we should do this again"

...........................................................................

Alice
The events of this night would have lasting repercussions, on my future.
Essentially, Sage, would the next day come to my house

Sam: "Honey, a friend of yours is here, she said her name is Sage?"
Alice: "Yeah, Sam let her in!"
Sam: "I have never seen her before, or heard of her, are you sure she's your friend"
Alice: "Yeah, it's just we recently starting umm hanging out, and I told her to come over"
Sam can tell I am lying but lets it go
Sam: "alright honey"
Sam goes back downstairs and soon Sage walks into my room, dressed casually in shorts and Bra, it was hot but weird for her to come like this

Alice: "hey Sage, good to see..."
Sage: "shush"
Sage shuts the door, quickly, then turns on my radio
Sage: "from what I can tell your mom doesn't trust me, better make sure she isn't eavesdropping in this important conversation we are about to have"
Alice: "important, important like how, you mean last night, I mean that was a one-time thing right, we're not gonna....."
Sage: "oh my you think I came here for more, no honey, I am not interested, not like you though, you haven't stopped glancing at my body since I got here"
Alice: "what... first of all, you made me say I love you, now you say it was all nothing"
Sage: "It was nothing darling, I just wanted to test to see how into me you were, seems like you liked last night a lot"
Alice: "you can't prove that"
Sage, stares me down, she moves closer. To where I am sitting on my bed, keeping consistent, eye contact. At first, I think she's just angry, but her face, particularly her mouth is coming closer to mine, I am trying to turn away but I can't. She places her hand on my chin, then our lips touch, I am expecting a kiss that never comes, I open my eyes and Sage has moved away from me
Alice: "what the...."
Sage: "baby please, I have been doing this longer than you"
Alice: "okay whatever I like you but I love Johnny so you can walk out...."
Sage: "who do you think I came to talk about, in my room, there's this amazing camera (she's smiling now)"
Alice: "you, you're blackmailing me, why, I have never done anything to you...”
Sage: "I baby I know but this is bigger than you, and I simply need an ally"

There's suddenly a knock on my door
Johnny: "Hey, Alice! are you okay, your mom said you were sick or something, you never lock your door"
Great. Sam called Johnny, obviously assuming he can get me to tell her the truth
Sage: "your mother is more resourceful than she looks, but looks like she's making this way too easy... come in Johnny"
whisper
Alice:  “okay okay, please don't tell him, I will do whatever it is you want"
Sage whispers back
Sage: “honey, you will do what I want, regardless of whether or not I tell him, because he's all you got, then me"
Johnny: "who else is in there, sounds like the head girl, Sage?"
Sage: "Come in!!” Sage opens the door
Johnny: "no way, I didn't know you knew the Sage, Ali! so cool, wait babe, are you really sick?"
Sage: "Alice and I were talking about how cool it would be if me and you" she wraps her leg around him
Sage: "had a little fun"
Johnny looks at her and looks at me, he noticed my more concerned expression, and pulls off Sage's leg
Johnny: "yeah maybe when I am interested Sage"
Sage: "loyal are we, well that's fine, I came to make sure Ali here, is fine, now if you'll excuse me"
Johnny: "bye Sage, I would hope that next time I am the first one to know"
Sage walks out, and Johnny walks and seats next to me
Johnny: "What was that about, you’re not sick, so Sam wanted me here?"
Alice: "look, it's nothing, she's just, playing her usual mind games or something"
Johnny: "she was at the charity last night, and afterwards you didn't tell me where you were, I waited here until Sam said it's late and I should leave, care to explain"
Alice: "I was at her house okay, and well...."
Johnny: "and what, you became friends overnight"
Alice: "well, it's more complicated, she likes me"
Johnny: "Oh, and you don't like her"
Alice: "not in the same way"
Johnny: "hmm, your bad at lying, Sam told me, and I can tell now too so"
Alice: "okay Johnny I like her, a lot, but I don't want to like"
Johnny: "it's okay Alice if you guys are into each other, it's not like you had sex so....."
Alice: "Ummm, yeah, we did have sex"
Johnny: "oh, well... ah... alright"
Alice: "are you okay Johnny"
Johnny: "I need to go"
Alice: "it was a spur of the moment thing, I had never liked a girl"
Johnny: "don't worry Ali, I get it, I need to think about this, I'll see you at school, it starts tomorrow right"
Code for I am not coming here anytime soon. The very next day was the day I would be pressured once again by Sage and her girlfriends. I would make sure to win Johnny back, fucking whenever and wherever on campus, it didn't mean Sage was out of my head, sometimes I'd think about her while I had sex with Johnny.
 
Janice: "okay... that's one interesting story"
Alice: "I don't know what to do J, like, Johnny still won't see me, I basically have to drag him to have sex and even when he enjoys it, it's like, he feels cold after as if I am a sex worker"
Janice: "well I think, he is still trying to understand...."
Alice: "it's been weeks, J, weeks since it happened, almost a month, what more, this is my senior year, and he's the guy I want, yet he doesn't seem like he wants to...”
Janice: "maybe he senses you’re not being honest with him, that you love Sage too"
Alice: "yeah but Sage doesn't love me, the same way, she told me"
Janice: "yeah, I get that, it's just, you cheated on him, and then tried to lie about it, and if he senses your still not being honest, then he can't ignore all that"
I put my head in my hands, Janice comes over to hug me
Janice: "listen, Alice, it's gonna be alright, okay, don't worry about this, Johnny will come back"
Alice: "and how do you know"
Janice: "because he loves you too, and you two have been close for how long"
Alice: "maybe a year or more by now"
Janice: "exactly so, try to be"
 
Janice's phone rings
Janice: "Ummm do you mind if I take this"
Alice: "Ummm go ahead"
 
Alex
Alex: "hey babe"
Janice: "hey babe, now is not the best time"
Alex: "really, well I'm sorry, I can call later"
Janice: "depends, you usually have something important to say when you call"
Alex: "yeah Brad and Ash broke up"
Janice: "wait really, how, why"
Alex: "it's a very long story, from what I understand, they can't be in the same room without arguing"
Janice: "I need to know everything"
Alex: "well you are busy, wait, is it the Alice thing..."
Janice: "yes it is, she's with me right now"
Alex: "oh I guess I will have to call later"
Janice: "at least hint me why, like how did they break up..."
Alex: "okay, Brad hooked up with Isis and Simone, but Brad said she lied about being a virgin to pity him"
Janice: "oh this is crazy"
Alex: "bye J"
Janice: "Alex baby stay"
Alex: "bye J, love you!"
Janice: "I don't have a choice here!"
Alex: "If I don't cut the call you won't and poor girl needs your help"
Janice: "bye babe"
 
 
Alice
Janice smiled, her mood clearly changed by whoever was on the phone, I heard her say Alex. Janice came to sit with me
Janice: "okay, so, I think the first thing, is you need to get things over with Sage"
Alice: "and. how do I do that"
Janice: "you can start by telling her to leave you alone, and to threaten to report her should she not"
Alice: "report her for what, bullying"
Janice: "the teachers value you both equally"
Alice: "not when she becomes the student body, president, just like you anyone and everyone will love her after that"
Janice: "not if you maintain your stance as the prodigy that is, both you and her earn a lot of the funding at the school, so try to be positive.
Alice: "I will take your word for it"
.................................................
 
 
Janice takes me home and as I arrive
Sam: "Ohh honey, how are you, is that J, I remember talking to her last year"
Alice: "yes mom it's her, I need to go to bed"
Sam: "where's Johnny, he hasn't come here since, actually since Sage was here"
Alice: "I don't know, I wish I did"
Sam: "honey talk to me"
Alice: "goodnight mom!"
.................................
 
 
 
The next day I ran into Johnny
Alice: "we need to talk"
Johnny: "okay... now, in the halls, hopefully, we will actually do some talking"
Alice: "would you prefer to do something else"
Johnny: "Sex won't solve this problem, I only entertain because I can't resist"
Alice: "well not here, let's go to homeroom, it's empty"
..
Johnny: "okay, hopefully, this time, it won't be news you fucked someone else"
Alice: "Listen, I love Sage"
Johnny: "poor start, what's the selling point here, before sex with you isn't even an option for me"
Alice: "I love you too, and yes I get it, I fucked up, you'll fuck up too one day"
Johnny: "yeah but this is the ultimate fuckup, this is the epic proportions fuckup, this is the fuckup of the century"
Alice: "Yeah, it is, but come on, I haven't like explored what I like, Sage made me realise I like girls too, so"
Johnny: "so that's it, I forgive you and we all are happy in the end"
Alice: "That's not it, it's just the truth here Johnny, the truth is, it what's happening, I know you love me, and I know you want to forgive me, soo please, come see me"
Johnny, looks at me, for a long time we're in silence, the bell rings, and Johnny quietly walks out. I chase after him.
Alice: "Johnny, listen, if you don't come tonight, then we will both know what that means"
Janice happens to be passing by,
Janice: "what's going on?"
Alice: "me taking your advice"
Janice: "but that's an ultimatum!"
Alice: "what else did you expect, I can't live like this"
Janice: "yeah but Alice, I wanted you to be honest"
Alice: "that was me being honest"
Janice: "Ummm I hope you were"
 
The day ends and I am back home, I try to make sure I am not staring at the clock, I read, do assignments ahead of time, do all my school work, realise I have done all of it in a few hours, it’s still 4 pm
I read books from my library, time goes by, and I turn off all clocks in my room. Then the lights, I get paranoid. Time passes and on and on, soon I can see the moon.
 
I try to sleep, realise I can't and the stress takes over.
 
"Knock, knock, knock"
 
I jump up and run to the door
Alice: "I knew you'd come"
My excitement disappears as Sage is standing at my doorstep
Sage: "expecting someone else, I hear he is not coming"
Alice: "you lie, come here to rub salt in the wound"
Sage: "given you won't do my homework or anything I ask until you understand that I am all you got"
Alice: "Johnny will come"
Sage: "no he won't, but I came over to make sure those tears aren’t coming out for long"
Sage walks in and seats on my bed and starts texting on her phone
I close the door and see a good opportunity to pass the time, to see what exactly her deal is. Sage's behaviour is contrary to how she usually is, she is normally kind, in public, she is not necessarily uptight, her dancing for her peers, twerking or straight-up entertainment antics make her popular amongst guys, and girls like her because she helps set them up with the guys. The teachers like her for her athletic ability, she isn't the very best in any school discipline, but she is a part of every single one, from long-distance running to basketball, where her friend Katherine is a part of. Tracy, she spars with her in boxing.
 
Alice: "explain to me exactly why you want me to do what you want, it's not like you struggle with school, matter of fact you usually have less free time and management to be above average"
Sage: "you're nosy all of a sudden, well I need you to do work, my work, but more, I need you to make me happy, see girl, I like you, not love you per say but I like having a smart girl like you around, someone to bounce ideas off"
Alice: "so that night did mean something to you"
Sage: "it did and it didn't, not in the context you’re thinking of, for me, it was one step closer to what I want"
Alice: "and what is it you want"
Sage: "power honey, is that not what we all want, the ability to control everything"
Alice: "maybe you"
Sage: "don't you wish you could make everything better, make me and Johnny both want you at the same time"
Alice: "yeah, but I don't want to control you, I like you both because I can't control you"
Sage: "yeah, let me give you a sneak peek at what control feels like"
Alice: "what does that mean?"
Sage, takes off her top
Alice: "Sage no, enough, enough is enough, I am not doing this anymore"
Sage: "for the next 5minutes, you can do whatever you want to me, or make me do whatever you want"
Sage pulls down her pants
Alice: "no Sage, I don't want this"
Sage: "it's okay, if you don't want me to do anything, you can just tell me to dress up again"
Alice: "but...."
At this point Sage turns and pulls down her panties, I can't get my mind of how slowly she does it
Sage: "let me put a timer on my phone"
Sage throws her panties on my bed, and quickly removes her bra, she doesn't see I am staring, but I am sure she can tell I am watching her.
Sage: "okay and starting now"
Sage now seats on my bed legs closed
Leaning on her hands on the sides of her hips, fully naked
Alice: "Sage, I can't if Johnny comes he will"
Sage: "he won't come, just 5 minutes, and you have about 4min 40 seconds remaining"
Alice: "okay stop saying that"
Sage: "yes ma'am"
I realised she agreed to stop, maybe she wasn't joking about me being able to control her for 5 minutes
 
Alice: "Ummm, put your clothes back on"
Sage starts dressing up again
Alice: "stop"
She immediately stops
Alice: "put your clothes down, crawl towards me"
Sage, with a smile, does as I say"
Alice: "take off my skirt, quickly, we don't have much time"
Sage, reaches around me, and undoes the button, my skirt falls to the ground
Alice: "take off my blouse, hurry up!"
Sage is still very obedient, moving up towards my chest, and following my instructions.
 
Johnny: "Alice, are you there"
Alice: "yes Johnny I am here"
I start to panic, realising the position I am in
Alice: whispers "you said he wasn't coming"
Sage: "oops" she smiles as she says this
Alice: "it's not a good time today, could you come tomorrow"
Johnny: "what you said I have to come or it over, now you're saying it’s not a good time"
I whisper
Alice:  "you still have to do what I say for the next few minutes, hide under my bed now!!"
Sage is still very much obedient but is still smiling
 
Johnny: "listen, Alice, if you are still not sure, let me...”
Alice: "no I am sure" I run to open the door
Alice: "I was just, preparing an outfit for you, that's why there are clothes everywhere, and why I am only in a Bra and panties"
Johnny: "Ummm okay," I say all this turned away so that he can't tell I am lying
Alice: "okay so you still want this, you still want me"
Johnny: "yeah but then, what about Sage, how you feel about her, do we just ignore that, or do we...."
Alice: "we forget about her, I want you, I am here with you, I keep telling you"
Johnny: "alright, sorry I was late by the way, I had to help someone with their car"
Alice: "it's all good, so see you tomorrow"
Johnny: "you want me to leave"
Alice: "boy I have been fucking you nonstop on school grounds, that big dick of yours needs to give my pussy a rest"
Johnny: "sorry does it still hurt, I get carried away"
Alice: "don't worry, so tomorrow right"
Johnny: "okay, tomorrow then, love you!
Alice: "love you!" we kiss
Johnny leaves, and I watch him drive away
Alice: "get out of there Sage"
 
Just then the alarm goes off...
Sage: "times up, so do you want to continue..?"
At first, I want to say no, I want to make my life uncomplicated, but just then I realised, I had them, both of them... they were mine, and I was for once in control
 
Alice: "............................YES!"
 
 
.................................................................................................The days of my life have changed, at school I will be seen with Johnny, talking to Johnny, hanging out and yes even fucking him, Janice asks me if things are back to normal, I say they are.
But at night, I would go out, saying I am going to Johnny when in reality I was going to Sage, she didn't love me, and at the first opportunity to dumb me, she would but I didn't care. 
 
 
...............................................................
 
Alex
 
 
Alex: "well how are we gonna be able to do our class assignment if you guys keep arguing"
Brad: "who the hell knows?"
Janet: "Brad we need you and her to promise to keep things civil while we try"
Brad: "she is the one who called me a dumbass in our last meeting
Janet: "you're the one who cheated"
Brad: "she's the one who lied!"
Alex: "well how are we gonna do it, I am not repeating this course, especially not with you"
Brad: "whatever I don't care, I am not doing it with her"
Alex: "aahhhh what the fuck is wrong with you"
Janet: "Alex calm down"
Alex: "no he doesn't care, he doesn't care about anything but his precious Ashley, now she isn't even with him and still"
Janet: "Alex calm down, you're not helping the situation"
Isis: "maybe I can help"
Janet: "what are you doing here"
Janet is, of course, friends with Ashley and is of course extremely angry about this, I heard AP would have a meeting on this, unfortunately, since Ash decided not to join the club, repercussions are not really likely to be inflicted.
Isis: "my lion is stressed, I came to unstress him"
Brad: "come here babe, you two get the fuck out, now Alex!"
Alex: "bye"
Janet and I leave, very much aware of what is happening, inside, the room.
Janet: "now what!"
Alex: "now I beg Marksen for a new study partner"
Janet: "well, that is something we can do, or we can do it by ourselves, put their name on it"
Alex: "that's a lot of work for just the two of us"
Janet is a short brunette, she's rather expressive but timid, we are group partners because Ash and Brad wanted an excuse to see each other, and since Brad keeps getting kicked from class, I was made to join as well. Janet is good friends with Ash, so immediately has a hatred of Isis, since Isis is in AP, they moved to the AP house, Janet has been staying with Ash ever since.
 
Janet: "we can do it, I know we can"
Alex: "Okay, let's start now, we need to cover a lot of ground"
Where do you wanna start...?
Janet: "the library, like duh, where else"
Alex: "I mean topic, but the library sounds good"
 
We make it to the Library, we start making progress on our engineering project, soon we are disturbed
 
Rebecca: "what are you two lovebirds doing?"
Alex: "something you should be doing"
Rebecca: "Marksen’s project, well the geniuses in my group basically told me to get the hell out of their way, said they would put my name in it"
Alex: "lucky you"
Rebecca: "so Alex introduce me"
Alex: "Janet this is the meanest person on earth, meanest person on earth this is Janet"
Janet: "nice to meet you"
Rebecca: "it's Rebecca, like momma Alex, where is she anyway, does she not come to make sure her little boy isn't being bullied"
Alex: "no she doesn't do that................anymore (I say quietly)"
Rebecca: "anyone Janet, I love your smile, anyone ever told you..."
Alex: "she doesn't swing that way"
Janet: "Oh, I wasn't sure why your legs were touching mine, I am flattered but no"
Rebecca: "Alex, can you at least make friends who do swing"
Alex: "wait till you meet Janice"
Rebecca: "right Janice, I cannot wait to meet her"
Alex: "so can you like leave we are busy"
Rebecca: "I have nothing better to do, the courts are being renovated, and I am past my self-pleasuring quota, and cutie if you ever think of swinging, that's the first thought that should be in your...”
Alex: "Okay, here's a question, why didn't you join AP, Janet write the discussion while I hear this"
Rebecca: "I don't have time to answer this"
Alex: "you were even friends with Danielle, you even came to my birthday when I was turning 17, I remember that, also you just said you have nothing better to do"
Rebecca: "maybe Rachael and Asumi"
Alex: "working on the same project as us, they are in the library, except they have 4 working members while ours would rather just hide of somewhere"
Rebecca: "maybe I didn't give that self-pleasure marathon enough of a chance"
Alex: "you and I both know, that your strongest orgasm is inflicted by others."
Rebecca: "Alex why are you asking this now, we've been friends how long"
Alex: "because I heard how you and Danielle acted in Rachael's room, now I wanna know, why are you and her not friends anymore"
Rebecca: "surprised you remember I was there at that party, Danielle was obsessed with you, she would never date anyone because they weren't enough like you"
Alex: "yeah but she's not like that anymore"
Rebecca: "you'd be surprised, but once upon a time, we were the best of friends"
Alex: "and............."
Rebecca: "and then we weren't, shit happened. Or something like that"
 
Alex: "you're not telling me what happened, because it still hurts, or because it's embarrassing, or"
Rebecca: "both I guess"
 
Rebecca
Okay Alex this is what happened
................................3 years previously......................................
Rebecca: "AP??"
Danielle: "they have got everything"
Rebecca: "yeah, but why, I mean we don't need it, it feels like a really silly club"
Danielle: "they pay a portion, maybe depending on certain factors all of your tuition, it's great for you, a championship tennis player"
 
Rebecca: "I am still starting, not even close to that yet"
Danielle: "one day you will, I know it Becs, imagine you and me, you winning awards, me winning elections"
Rebecca: "you sure got an active imagination"
Danielle: "or you have no imagination"
This was our first year of varsity, and Danielle was excited to flex her administrative muscle. We had become friends oddly through you Alex, she would babysit you, and our moms were best friends, to the point my mom named me after yours. I would come over to drop off some things at your house, for my mom, and I met Danielle at the door. We didn't talk much at first but sometimes you would be asleep and we kept talking, she talked a lot about you, but also how she wanted to be CEO then president, she was ambitious, and I at the time was still not sure if I liked girls or not.
2 years further back
 
 
Danielle: "how about Donny, he's cute, I heard he has a huge crush on you"
Rebecca: "no, too, edgy, he's like a try-hard biker"
Danielle: "hahaha, come on, is no one good enough"
Rebecca: "your one to talk Mrs, if it were Alex, he would have said blah, blah, blah"
We both laugh, Danielle was devoted to everything she did, and everyone she met. And Yes Alex, if you wanna know who my first girl was...
 
Danielle: "you know, Rebecca, I was looking at your phone recently"
Rebecca: "yeah ...and haha what did you see"
Danielle: "nothing really, noticed you have a lot of girl pics, like half-naked girls and all"
Rebecca: "Yeah, that's how I wanna look"
Danielle: "oh okay"
....Rebecca: "I mean it's not because I am a lesbian or anything right"
Danielle: "of course not"
Rebecca: "I mean if I was it wouldn't be weird right"
Danielle: "no, it wouldn't be, I mean, if you were, it would be so cool"
 
Rebecca: "yeah it would be, wait... why though"
Danielle: "well, I think you’re pretty cute, and your body is to die for"
Rebecca: "uh really"
This was the first time I took a compliment from a girl sexually, I looked into her eyes, she looked into mine
 
Danielle: "Oh my look at the time, Alex's parents will be back any minute now"
Danielle scrambles to fix the house, I am still in a bit of shock at what just happened. A little later on Danielle invites me to her house. I meet her parents, Her Mexican father, and her Texan mother, which explained the adoration she had with blonde hair, she was still naturally dark-haired but was dying it blonde always. We spent nights chatting, her trying to set me up with boys, me rejecting every single one. A lot of the boys didn't like me though, I was really...harsh on any advance they made.
 
Danielle: "yesterday you made Bobby Thump cry"
Rebecca: "he is a fat kid who messes up his shirt every lunch"
Danielle: "A simple no would have been enough"
Rebecca: "please, how dare he even think he had a chance?"
Danielle: "that is it, the entire stream, all of them rejected directly or through me"
Rebecca: "you sound disappointed, don't worry we will find one that I like"
Danielle: "no we won't"
Rebecca: "yes we will"
Danielle: "no we won't, you don't like men"
Rebecca: "come on I do, you know I do"
Danielle: "I mean you asked me to help you find a boyfriend, why would you ask me that if you were gonna say no to every guy"
Rebecca: "it's not every guy, it's every guy at our school"
Danielle: "yeah but it doesn't matter who I bring or show you"
She was right, but I didn't want to admit it, I was never sure if I liked guys, I thought if she could convince me, but she never was able to.
Danielle: "what's funny is, you spend all your time, playing Tennis with the girl's team, or basketball with the girl's team even though you hate basketball or any sport for that matter"
Rebecca: "well yeah I do"
Danielle: "then why do you play them, for the girl's shower time, even here with me, I mean, you know I called you here to talk about boys and yet still...(Danielle is by now obviously really good at campaigning and debate)"
Rebecca: "come on girl you know"
Danielle: "this is what I know"
Danielle walks towards me, I walk back, Danielle is way taller, and her height matches her dominant personality
Danielle: "I have been waiting for you to say it, so I will, you like girls"
Rebecca: "no"
Danielle: "no? there is no, no! you have never touched a guy, not even by accident"
Rebecca: "Danielle, please"
Danielle: "please what, are you enjoying this, my body blocking you from running away?"
Rebecca: "I, I am confused alright, (I burst into tears, I didn't want it to be true, but well it was)"
Danielle: "okay, Becs (she gives me a tissue) you can stay over if you want, we won't talk about this until you are ready"
I did go home that day, it would be a year and a few months, but eventually, I had to admit she was right, I noticed I would stare at my teacher even, she's mature but gorgeous, I was at your party Alex, and I remember that I didn't say a word to Danielle nor did she say a word to me, which is probably why you did not really know much even after that.
Soon though you would be the reason we got back together, I would be sent to your house and once again she is there.
Danielle: "oh, is it from Julie"
Rebecca: "yeah, she said tell Rebecca, to put them in the fridge, otherwise the ice cream will melt" July made the ice cream for your birthday, and you Alex wanted more, so they sent me to deliver
Danielle: "okay, umm so is that all"
Rebecca: "yeah I think so, I guess, bye"
Danielle: "come on Rebecca, talk to me"
Rebecca: "just, give me a bit more time, I promise"
 
Danielle was fast becoming a prominent member of the school, and I was actually getting better at Tennis. All those excuses to see the female instructor, eventually led to me actually being good. So eventually though, Danielle became student body president, a dream of hers. That same day, I brought cupcakes that my mom made, to her house.
 
Danielle: "you came! And with cupcakes"
Rebecca: "seemed a good a time as any, can I come in"
Danielle: "please!"
.................
We caught up and shared our progress
..................
Danielle: "so, anything new, any new guy or gal"
Rebecca: "yeah so, I guess you were right... I just wanted to say I am sorry for not being honest with you"
 
Danielle: "so, you are sure"
Rebecca: "as sure as I can be"
Danielle: "And you've never been with"
Rebecca: "nope never"
Danielle takes a bite from her cupcake, getting some cream on her face
Rebecca: "let me get that"
Danielle: "get what"
I walk over and wipe it off her face, my intentions purely innocent, but I had realised I was really close to her face
Danielle: "umm, hello"
Rebecca: "oh sorry, I was, I wasn't thinking" I try to pull away, but she holds me in place
Danielle: "you know, I once called you cute, I thought back then you would take the hint"
Rebecca: "that was, so long ago, I, I was, I have never forgotten that day, I should have kissed you then"
Danielle: "kiss me now!"
I was not sure she meant what she just said, Danielle gave no indication she was lesbian, from you Alex it was clear she was straight. But I looked down at first, she did not flinch, dead serious. Soon though, I let my body take over, and I leaned in and kissed her. My hands were automatically touching her body, but we kissed, hard and passionate, like a long time coming, and we kissed often. She was the first girl I really fell for.
Alex: "then what happened??"
Life Alex...................................................
 







Chapter 8 
Rebecca
We were together Alex, and I was about to Join AP with her, but then
Rebecca: "where have you been girl, I have been looking everywhere for you"
Danielle: "sorry B, had to search for some good ideas to bring to the council meeting, now have an AP meeting"
Rebecca: "yeah, an AP meeting, a this meeting, a that meeting, what about me and you"
Danielle: "sigh, I have been meaning to talk about this"
Rebecca: "talk about what, you're breaking up with me, it sounds like you....."
Danielle: "I will talk to you about this tonight"

So it was a breakup, but it was also much much worse Alex. We would meet in my room, we didn't share rooms, so I had to ask my roommate Annie to give us privacy.

Annie: "don't fuck or anything you two"
Danielle: "don't worry we won't"
Rebecca: "so you are dumping me, for your career you'll probably say"
This was a long time coming, Danielle was efficient, her actions always matched her intentions.
Annie shuts the door and leaves

Danielle: "listen, Rebecca, I need to be honest with you"
Rebecca: "honest, here we go, it’s about me, I need to make sure I am able to run for this, to run for that, no distractions"
Danielle: "I need you Becs!"
Rebecca: "need me"
my heart was pounding, Danielle was never the type to be vulnerable
Danielle: "I need you, but only as my friend"
I sank, those words, they hurt me more, than you could ever imagine, and the worst was yet to come
Rebecca: "I I... what did I do, was I not enough, is it because we've never had sex"
Yes, we were in university, both virgins, yet...
Danielle: "Rebecca, I was never in love with you, not romantically anyway, you were my support, my friend, you were confused, and needed someone to help you realise"
Rebecca: "help me, you, you, you were with me, to help me"
Danielle: "you must understand, if I didn't you wouldn't be as proud a lesbian as you are"
Rebecca: "so all that was fake, not real, a lie, just to make sure I accept being..."
I was crying at this point
Danielle: "I knew one day will come when I have to tell you, yes we kissed, yes it meant a lot to me, but I only love one man, I have ever only loved one, and I will always be attracted to men, it's why we never had sex Rebecca"
Rebecca: "GETTTTTTT OUTTT NOWW!!"
Danielle: "listen, I do need you, to be with me, please, you will find a woman, better than me, and I will help you"
Rebecca: "I just shouted it, so why are you still hear"
I should have realised Danielle did something political, being with me, becoming my lover was for me, not for her, to help me, and was of no interest to her, I came to realise that way too late. We never did actually speak as friends again, I quit AP, and the rest is history.

Alex
Alex: "wow!"
Janet: "wow!"
Rebecca: "keep writing Janet"
Alex: "wow, like just wow, that's a hell of a story"
Rebecca: "and now you know how pathetic I am"
Alex: "now I know how strong you are!"
Rebecca: "strong how"
Alex: "being able to tell me that"
Rebecca: "well you’re the only friend I have so"
Alex: "don't say that"
Janet: "how did you become friends anyway?"
Alex: "haha, it was, when was it, Rebecca"
Rebecca: "I don't remember"
Alex: "I think it was last year, you came to my house for my 21st, birthday, it was tradition to invite you"
Rebecca: "oh yeah, and you tried to fuck me"
Alex: "and you blew me off"
Rebecca: "I remember I liked you because you were the first guy who didn't like immediately worship me or some shit, you spoke honestly"
Alex: "I did right, I told you that you ain't shit"
Rebecca: "We became close, the next summer when you came to watch me practice"
Alex: "yeah and we started talking about Tennis"
Rebecca: "then my manager Carlos, was like I should invite someone to the tour, I didn't think of anyone else to invite but you, then you spent like months of school with me around Europe"
Alex: "good times, actually though, Rebecca here is the first lady ever too"
Rebecca: "don't tell her that"
Janet: "tell me what"
Alex: "too!"
Rebecca: "Alex!"
Alex: "okay I won't say anything"
Rebecca: "that’s enough nostalgia, bye"
Alex: "where do you have to go?"
Rebecca: "the courts open at 2, It’s 1:15. If I masturbate for"
Alex: "goodbye Rebecca"
Rebecca lovingly punches my shoulder as she walks away
Janet: "I hope, you and her always stay friends"
Alex: "I hope we stay friends too"
........................
Soren

Ms Refiloe: “Soren, Soren, Mr Wusmundsen”

I'm not used to being addressed by such an attractive teacher, my old school didn't have anything like that.
Soren: “sorry ma’am”
Janice: “call me J, your Jodie’s brother right”
Soren: “yeah, how are you a teacher?”
Janice: “Intelligence, wits and Connections”
Soren: “cool”
Janice: “This is your schedule, you are required to maintain a C average to play on the team, your training is every weekday and of course you have matches on weekends, you are not required and are advised to keep extra-curricular or alternative sports obligations to a minimum. If you need any help with anything please contact, me, Mr Daley, Mrs Treana, Mr Kim or Mrs Gerald. However, should, you require a serious issue then you may contact Chancellor Andrews”

Soren: “didn’t you steal Jodie’s boyfriend, Alex was it”
Jodie comes round the corner and finds me,
Jodie: “sorry J, my brother has a really big mouth”
She pulls my ear, my big sister, I stand so much taller than her at 6.2 yet she treats me like I’m still 10 and she’s 12
Janice: “I can see where that part of the family comes from, now Jodie, this scholarship is a big deal, and your brother might be drafted to the basketball league straight from high school”
Jodie: “I keep telling him how lucky he is”
My family can afford to send me to any school, but a scholarship with a chance to enter the draft, my parents couldn’t turn down a place that would take me for free, and of course, this is just the start of my illustrious career
Janice: “So are you gonna be visiting him”
Jodie: “between him and Joe, how can I, really, visit him, over my husband?” that’s a lie!
Soren: “wouldn’t want you here embarrassing me anyway”
Jodie: “one day you will beg me to come, beg me”
Janice: “okay so the first place I need to take you Janice is the court, this is where you’ll be doing all your practice”
This court was large, no joke it was not something to scoff at, and on the far side, was the girl's basketball team
Janice: “you’ll notice we have to basketball courts, but the hoops are adjustable for games, and we move the stands in”
Jodie: “this is so cool, Alex would have loved this”
Janice immediately glares at Jodie, as if mentioning his name is a sin, Jodie seems to take no notice but the smile on her face makes me think she’s aware of what’s happening. I was still a sophomore, yet to mature into the final year, so my final two years of high school were gonna be so amazing at this high tech school.
Jodie: “Soren, I think you’re well settled, J will show you to your room, I have games to play, hug me goodbye”
I was not the least bit interested
But I hugged her anyway
Jodie: “stay out of trouble, you hear, don’t you dare make me come back here”
Soren: “no way you’re crying, sis”
She hits me, still not looking up as we hug
Jodie: “I’m not crying, your crying”
I pick her up, she covers her face
Jodie: “fuck I hate when you do that, treat me like I’m the little girl”
Soren: “it’ll be okay don’t worry alright, say hie to Joe, and Mom and Dad”
She tries to hug me back
Soren: “nope, please, you know I don’t like that!”
Jodie: “Okay, sorry, so I will be seeing ya”
I put her down and she walks out of the court and is driven away by the driver

Janice: “That was really cute, time for you to go meet your teammates”
They should be in the showers
Sage: “hey J, is this the famous basketball star”
Before I could say hie a ball is thrown my way, I catch it but almost lose balance
Sage: “sorry hey, thought I’d test your new skills out”
Katherine: “good catch though”
Joanna: “he looks so sexy though, look at him, those broad shoulders”

Janice: “well ladies, I do have to show Soren around”
Sage: “you don’t need to do that, we can show him around, plus Soren can teach us a couple of movies on and off the court”
Janice: “I don’t think”
I was not listening to the word Janice was saying, since I was now surrounded by several sweaty girls in short shorts

Soren: “yeah J listen go back to work, I’ll figure out whatever else you have to tell me”

Janice: “uh fine”
Sage: “thanks J”

J leaves and I spend the next few minutes showing dunks and trick shots to the girls as they whisper and cheer amongst themselves.... until.

Nathan: “who’s this, the new kid, hey new kid, I’m your captain get over here, Now!”
I’ve been a part of teams before, usually, the seniors have a superiority complex, it would be easy to show some form of wit in front of the girls, and yet I don't. I think it would be too complicated to play and also have poor chemistry on the team, so for now I'll do what he says. 
I run over to Nathan, we stand at the same height
Nathan: “you were supposed to meet us in the lockers, I don’t like being kept waiting” he grabs my shoulder and pulls me into the locker room, where I assume the team is waiting to meet me. 
Nathan: “time for initiation kid, the girls were warming you up for us “
I swallow my throat, the entire team is lined up on both sides of the passage, these guys looked like they were seriously going to hurt me. Before I can react Nathan shoves me into what they call the hall of pain.
They repeatedly take slaps at my back as I try to run through, making sure to get as much power on each, I start to lose balance as I make it to the end, knowing if I fall it could be the end of me, I roll passed what I hope is the finish line, crawling into the coach’s office.
Gregory Atwell: “Soren, glad you made it, sit down”
Soren: “think I’m gonna throw up”
Atwell: “well please do it in the bin, I did tell the boys to go easy on you”
Soren: “that was easy, they tried to kill me”
Atwell: “a silly tradition yet even after all that they do it to others”
Soren: “can’t you stop them”
Atwell: “well if I did they would of course not listen to me on the court, I give them their funny tradition, and they give me 110%”
Soren: “nice to meet Mr?”
Atwell: “coach Atwell”
Soren: “I’ve heard of you, you used to do personal coaching for the basket league”
Atwell: “used to, now a high school coach and father”
Soren: “right chose white picket fences over greatness”
Atwell: “maybe you’ll understand when the choice is presented”
Nathan: “anything else you need coach" I didn’t notice Nathan walk-in
Atwell: “no Nathan, have a good weekend”
Nathan: “okay bye coach, bye newbie”
Nathan leaves and closes the door, the regular noise you expect from locker rooms dissipates
Atwell: “listen, Soren, I brought you here, it was my reward for making the state championship final last season, and you are here to make the team a national contender”
Soren: “that’s a lot of pressure on a kid whose back has been bruised”
Atwell: “I need to make sure you have faith in what I’m trying, what we’re (he gestured to the team photo from last year) trying to achieve, too many times B&R Didn’t match its pedigree on the court, you are the way forward for us as a school”
Soren: “the first state final appearance in the history of B&R was last year, that’s depressing”
Atwell: “yes it is, but the question is are you willing to give your all?”
Soren: “hmmm I don’t know”
Atwell: “listen your scholarship isn’t really confirmed, you can still go back to wherever you came from and get knocked out in the first round as the best player of the tournament I know you can be”
Soren: “yeah but what else, I don’t need you, to win at least, Trent academy, Southleigh are all interested in me”
Atwell: “yeah to deny you from us, you wouldn’t even start at those guys, that’s why they didn’t offer you the full-time scholarship that we did”
Soren: “okay coach, you want me to be your star, I get it.”
Atwell: “I want you to be a force to be reckoned with, unfortunately, there’s no favourable treatment here, no one gets easy starts, you work for your place, you Soren, are one of the highest IQ players I’ve ever seen”
I smile, in my head at least. He flattered me with that one. 
Atwell: “today I’m selling you my pitch, you could be the best 2 guards in the draft by end of the senior year”
Soren: “okay coach”
Atwell: “okay What?”
Soren: “I’m sold”
Outside the room, the boys were eavesdropping, and here I thought they left, there is a loud roar, excited by what they heard.
Atwell: “and here you thought they wanted to kill you”
Soren: “maybe not, let’s see if I can impress them”

We walk out and Atwell introduces me to players on the team, Nathan is my height (Nathan has brown medium hair, Caucasian skin, muscular body) and is a small forward
The point guard is Rodrigo (Latin American, brown eye, dark short hair, light-body), he’s is short relative to the team, but most point guards are. The centre is Anthony or Tony, slightly taller than me (Tony is African American, lanky body type, but looks older, bearded face) other players include my understudies Cameron and Jamie, the front office is Dean, Sean, Presley and Younes. Then the other guards are Mikael and Dominic. There were many more players but most were juniors, with not many actually training with the first team
I met the assistant coach Mr Bruce, then we went to the court, although it’s after hours, the guys begged for a scrimmage. We played for a few hours and at first, I wasn’t particularly comfortable, missed open shots, turned over the ball

Nathan: “time out!”
Atwell: “time out!”
Nathan huddles our team.
Nathan: “should I bring the girls back so that you actually play like your worth”
Soren: “no”
I look down
Nathan: “look, Soren, we may not look it, but we want you to be good, we know you are, most of us really don’t have a future in basketball, but you do, don’t waste your opportunity”
Cameron: “Yeah bro, look, it’s the first day, but the road to the championship starts now”
Soren: “I know that, it’s just a lot of pressure”
Nathan: “we do it one play at a time Soren, play to your strengths and find openings”
Soren: “okay Captain!”
It was my first time addressing him that way, we huddle “1...2....3”, SKINS!!”
Ohh by the way we were skins, I hate being a skin
But things get better, I start shying away from trying to be involved in the game but soon I find myself being the only one open, and just like many great moments when the ball came my way I immediately shot it in, instinctively of course. Nothing special to the team but as the game grew so did my confidence and soon I was asking for the ball whenever, pinging it to open men, Those free to shoot or those who had open paths to the basket, I was enjoying the game so much at this point. Even on defence, getting good contests, winning rebounds, getting screens in for easy baskets, it felt good to play for the first time in a few months.

Atwell: “game”
Nathan: “come on coach 5 minutes”
Atwell: “Game Nathan, bear in mind you guys already had training today”
Mikael: “coach one game, just one coach, let us play a game”
Atwell: “time to go to sleep lads, it’s late”
Bruce: “sorry boys, we can’t keep you after 6 pm”
Soren: “wait! 6 pm, how long have we been”
Tony: “I think I lost count at 143:156”
Atwell: “it’s been about an hour 30minutes, including the breaks, but times up!"
We head to the showers and I make my way to my room, it’s a special room, no roommates specifically on campus but hidden behind the boy's dorms, I don’t have the keys, let me call Janice

Soren: “Hello”
Janice: “hey Soren, how can I help you?”
Soren: “where are the keys?”
Janice: “there are under the mat at the door, the other in your bag, I put them there attached to your ID card, you need to register your iris tomorrow, by the way, bring your card”
Soren: “thanks, see you tomorrow”
She cuts the call, not goodbye, it’s not like I’m stealing Alex
I make my way in, the house is big, but lacking any form of personality, my bags are in, but there’s a lot of open space, clearly signalling I need to get things to fill it up, furniture, there is a sofa and a bed, and a kitchen with utensils and equipment, a fit in stove/oven, but no food, guess I didn’t think about what I would eat.
I didn’t want to call Janice again to ask where the school cafeteria is, I was getting hungry, I thought maybe I could sleep through it.
“Knock knock, knock”
Soren: “who is it?”
Sage; “your head girl and soon to be student body, anyway it’s Sage, from the girl's team, come out and let me take you to supper”
I walk to open the door, Sage has on slippers, long pants and a small tee
Sage: “please don’t tell me Nathan forgot to show you the dining hall, we eat whenever we want, the school leave the hall open all night, but they leave at 9, but you can take food from the freezer”
Soren: “thanks Sage, mind showing me exactly where the dining hall”
Sage: “yeah let’s go, you wanna, hold hands like we’re dating?”
Soren: “uh sure I guess “
We walk hand in hand from my room to the dining hall

Tony: “there he is, already stealing senior hearts”
Rodrigo: “you know he can do no wrong, we thought you’d come with us to the hostels, only me, Tony and Mikael stay on campus, rest go home”
Soren: “Nah I have my own place”
Tony: “really bruh”
Sage: “yes, it was part of the grant fund, from a banquet I attended, we got the finances and the school greenlit a lovely house for our star here, and hopefully we’ll get more stars staying over there”
Tony: “well you know you’re a star Sage, and we were wondering if you could visit the boys”
Sage: “Tony you're Adorable, listen, Tony, I’m totally into it, I mean being surrounded by big strong guys makes me so so wet but you know I have a reputation to protect, but you know I’ll make it up to you”
Tony: “I look forward to it” she kisses him on the cheek and walks through the hall to the girl's side
Rodrigo: “you really think she means it”
Tony: “Nah, she’s just saying that to get me to vote her student body”
Soren: “but you’re gonna vote for her anyway”
Tony: “yeah because she’s one of the few girls who even though it’s like known she has a thing for J, the teacher’s assistant, she still, like, flirts with us you know, she helps schedule like meet-ups so that girls have sex without getting caught, shit like that”
Soren: “no way, her! the redhead who seems so sweet”
Rodrigo: “sweet, more like manipulative see, she isn’t pleasant to play with, believe me, bro”
Soren: “okay I’ll take your word for it, I’m hungry though, can we please eat”
We walk in and the food is amazing, it’s well made, I am even allowed to take some things to my house. Which I do, of course, the guys come over and soon more of the boys come in, it’s not a party but guys hanging out, the new environment that is my house they enjoy. I start talking to Tony, we share chemistry I guess, he tells me more about the school

Tony: “it’s not like some amazing school, Janice, Sage these girls got some dirt on people and they used that to get votes, Janice changed though, during her final year, she stopped manipulating people, she started being legit a good person and shit, Sage ever since Janice graduated has continued her tradition”
Soren: “was it always like that”
Tony: “no dude, like I know maybe before girls would like, be harassed at school by some of the senior boys, like the Bryan boys, like Bryan and Royce, they were students a few years ago, since their father owned the place and Mr Bryan is known to be ruthless, they made the whole culture, of sex in the school”
Soren: “that’s some freaky stuff, like how do people not know”
Tony: “they do, but you know this is a big school, when those boys left, the culture stayed, the girls I felt sorry for, but then things changed”
Soren: “let me guess, Janice”
Tony: “no dude, another girl before J, the girls caught Andrews, and had other videos of a lot of teachers besides a few like Daley”
Soren: “no way like so what did they do”
Tony: “they took over, we don’t mess with the girls anymore, but then like the culture sort of got to them, being in control meant they get to do a lot of what they want which surprise is actually sex as well, among other things, but more or less this school kinda different nowadays”
Soren: “so what’s it like, what happened to the videos”
Tony: “they were kept, now if ever there’s a case of sexual harassment, the girl will expose the faculty, some of them left already, to save themselves”
Soren: “So what your saying is, this is. Sex school”
Tony: “it’s more or less, it’s not a sex school, not as much as before, it’s more or less become a school where the girls have power and they know it”
Soren: “but they don’t abuse power”
Tony: “not in the slightest, things have improved I guess”
Soren: “so it’s like the best school ever”
Tony: “I don’t know about that, but yeah sort of, things seem fair, girls aren’t bothered and we get to see them whenever cause they wanna see us”
Soren: “that's amazing”
Tony: “tell me something I don’t know”
Soren: “how do you know all this?”
Tony: “my bro used to come here as well, but he was the more genius type, he told me about all the crazy things he’d see, kids having sex in the halls, parties in homerooms, late-night drinking, it was Gomorrah here, it’s surprising he managed to actually finish and get his diploma” 
Soren: “so like orgies or stuff like that”
Tony: “Sorry kid, not anymore, a few held before you came though, hence why Sage teased one, she wants the boys to support for the student body election, we asked for a party, with girls who are willing to go below the belt”
Soren: “wouldn’t that make you perverts” 
Tony: “maybe, maybe, it’s not that simple, we do a lot of things, drugs, booze, even some theft, but really what we are famous for is sex, at least under the surface” 
Soren: “how famous”
Tony: “some celebrities have come here to have a good time, that’s where some funding comes from as well, it’s why we are suddenly so rich” 
Soren: “how long until this school is shut down”
Tony: “not anytime soon, law enforcement sees men walk in and out of the here all the time, do nothing, I assume Bryan has them under control”
Soren: “what about Royce, where’s he”
Tony: “Royce died years ago, his only son is still 14 right now”
Soren: “does he have ownership”
Tony: “he will get ownership, at 18"

Soren: “wow, you know a lot here”
Tony: “I’m just a guy in the middle, I’m not really involved, some details might be false”

Soren: “okay, so what’s next?”
Tony: “tomorrow, we play some one on ones, two on twos, you meet the cheerleaders, there’s this girl Bridgette, she’s Daley’s daughter but she’s like the hottest girl in school”
Soren: “really, like how does she look”
Tony: “think it’s best you see for yourself”
Soren: “okay bro, how do I get these fuckers out of here?”
Tony: “the hell did you let them in for?”
Soren; “Rodri said they were cool”
Tony: “Go thinks everyone is cool”
Soren: “come on dude help me out”
Tony: “okay, fine “
Tony gets up, Tony: “yo everybody! get the hell out”
People groan but start leaving
Soren: “how did you do that?”
Tony: “I don’t let people mess with me, they know it”
 it’s me and Tony
Tony: “anyway bruh, nice knowing you, see you soon”

Left with my thoughts I think my night is over
“Soren Soren, Soren!”
Soren: “who is there?”
The house has no light apart from the main areas, so I can’t usually see people in areas like the back door
Sage: “just came to see how you were doing”
Soren: “don’t you sleep”
Sage: “I do, but you are way more important than a nights rest”
Soren: “thanks but I am doing fine”
Sage: “I can tell, seems your fitting right in, see let me make something clear, I can be very nice (she unbuttons to the top of her top, showing the space between or breasts) or very mean, you're here as the golden boy but anything you do to badly affect the school and more importantly me, will have consequences”
Soren: “Well you definitely meet the description”
Sage: “is that so, well I am more than meets the eye”
Soren: “I already got the memo, so take your flat chest out of my house, I am not afraid of you”
That last comment seems to have gotten on her nerves
Sage: “you should be”
Sage leaves casually and there’s a chill in my spine


Jericho
Jericho: “you’ve gotta believe me professor hatchet”
Hatchet: “we do understand that your action was done in an inebriated state, it doesn’t excuse the lack of respect given, sexual harassment is a serious offence, and Mr Price we do not take it likely”
Jericho: “but ma’am two weeks”
Hatchet: “do you prefer three weeks”
Danielle: “Professor, I’m one of the leading figures against sexual harassment here, and I know you and I can agree that this individual while it would serve him well to suspend him, we can find a more adequate punishment”
Professor Adams: “what do you propose Danielle, hopefully, you’re not saying we go easy on him”
Danielle: “I think there’s something way more deserving, we could use him to set an example”
I meet Danielle after the disciplinary hearing...
Jericho: “thank you thank you thank you!!”
Danielle: “I didn’t do it for you, this is a favour for Alex since he joined the council, now you are to report for meetings every Thursday and Sunday”
Jericho: “yes yes and pitch in on things and become a good citizen”
Danielle: “ohh no, your position isn’t on the council, you’re gonna be working for us, Craig will brief you on your activities”
Jericho: “what kind of activities”
Danielle: “moping the floor, cleaning the toilets, setting the table before meetings, making sure we get all the refreshments”
Jericho: “what about the worker who does all this shit”
Danielle: “they got a vacation, I’ll be seeing you soon Mr Price”
Dammit, I knew Alex would get me out of this but, dammit if this was the option, I might have considered suspension
Anyway, I'm just glad I got out of it, I get to stay on campus, the real reason I want to stay was Isis and Simone, or specifically Simone, she will have sex with me anywhere if she was excited enough, that girl makes my head spin, ever since the threesome I never want to leave.
Danielle walks away while I daydream of Simone, and I go to find her.
She stays at AP so I actually just follow Danielle, I watch her, she has a sexy walk, I feel she noticed I'm behind her, and sometimes stops on the way for no real reason, she is sexy though Danielle, Alex is so lucky, he’s always been lucky. He used to get all the girls attention, not that Alex is absurdly attractive if anything I’m more attractive than he is, at least in my opinion, but he always said the right things, and here I am getting punished for saying the wrong. 
we get to AP
Danielle: “enjoying the show Jericho”
Jericho: “so you knew I was behind you”
Danielle: “while I do not appreciate being watched without my knowledge, I do appreciate your dedication to being yourself, don’t change Jericho, for anyone!”
For a few seconds, it felt she was referring to something deeper
Jericho: “please call Simone for me?”
Danielle winks and enters the AP house, I stand by the gate twiddling my fingers
Ross: “hey dude, where you been”
Jericho: “was at a disciplinary hearing”
Ross: “oh yeah how did that go by the way?”
Jericho: “it was alright, got some community service shit”
Ross: “Okay listen, me, Eric and Nathan are planning on going to Blackout!”
Jericho: “the strip club, we’ve already been there dude”
Ross: “yeah but they say Bella will be there”
Jericho: “don’t lie to me dude, I don’t have the time”
Ross: “I promise it’s legit, I followed her and her Instagram says in Harrison City”
Jericho: “this sounds epic, I’ll ask if Simone wants to go”
Ross: “aww dude are you tied down”
Jericho: “Nah fam, me and her just fuck buddies”
Ross: “So you’re waiting outside AP house because”
Jericho: “because Ummm look, you know me! I can say and do whatever I want and no one can tell me otherwise”
Ross: “show me your balls, show me you got the same attitude and walk in and get your bitch”
I was not willing to be a chicken...........
Jericho: “I’ll show you”
I walk through the gate
Female Guard: “stop you, no trespassing without authorisation”
Jericho: “Nah bitch listen, I’m gonna”
I don’t get another word out before she drops me down to the floor
Jericho: “let me go!”
I wriggle free and kick her away, but it’s this act that puts me in deep trouble
Guard: “alright I warned you!”
As I try to run, she grabs my arm, pulls me back and I run into a roundhouse kick to my throat, that’s why she wears shorts as part of her uniform, for the agility, slacks would definitely get in the way, and I’m half choking and pass out
..........................
I wake up in Simone’s room
Simone: “are you stupid”
Jericho: “hopefully people will stop asking me that, ouch”
Simone: “your gonna have trouble talking and eating for a while, I told you not to try and force enter here, if I hadn’t come to the gate, you could have been in the “
Jericho: “hey, Mone calm down, why you gotta be upset, I’m good ouch”
Simone: “Jericho what are we”
Jericho: “the closest of friends”
Simone: “right”
Jericho; “no I told you I wasn’t into relationships, because I can’t promise to not cheat, better be honest”
Simone: “I know I know, but is that all I am, a friend”
Jericho: “well yeah, you like my best friend since Alex avoids me nowadays”
Simone: “well if I am your friend that means that you care about me right”
Jericho: “yeah of course”
Simone: “good??”
Jericho: “so you wanna fuck or”
Simone: “straight to it huh, yeah I guess we will, but later, I just washed up, and I have to organise for tomorrow’s banquet for AP”
Jericho: “so what do I do?”
Simone: “I don’t know, go play, or whatever it is guys do in their free time”
Simone pushes me out the door, the female guard who knocked me out, eyes me leaving.
I walk to the dorms, absolutely bored. After a while I call Ross and ask him if that trip to Blackout is on, he says to meet him at the gates at 6 pm.
I have 7 hours to kill, I realise that I can do some of the tasks Danielle set for me, so I find the council member Craig, and he tells me where to find everything I need. I start by mopping the floor, something easy. The student council hall is found near the main office, it is essentially a basement, Craig gave me the keys and I enter to find Alex, really busy on his computer
Jericho: “this is where you hide”
Alex turns and sees me
Alex: “how the hell did you find me, your work isn’t until tomorrow”
Jericho: “thought I would do it early, I wondered where you’d be studying since you don’t like the library”
Alex: “well you found me good for you, now I need to hide somewhere else to avoid you”
Jericho: “why are you avoiding me?”
Alex: “you ask that! you! who could be the reason why Brad isn’t with Ash, you who doesn’t take anything seriously”
Jericho: “you know you weren’t like this when we met in high school”
Alex: “yeah well things change”
Jericho: “no you changed, you became someone you’re not”
Alex: “This is who I am”
Jericho: “listen you and I both know, that’s not true, you never used to care, studying the night before for tests, barely ever doing homework, if not for Danielle you wouldn’t have graduated, that babysitter did two things for your parents, got their child to finally care and gave them time to go fuu…”
Alex: “what the hell is wrong with you” Alex gets up and holds my collar
Jericho: “you liked me because I never bullshited you, I was always real, always honest about exactly what I thought, when Jodie married Joe, it hurt you, you never talked to me about it but I could tell, you stopped hanging out, you isolated yourself, even depressed at times"
Alex: “Jericho please!”
Jericho: “and then, somehow, you got over it, you somehow dealt with it, you come back, and now you're even more serious, you now thinking about your future, why, who are you dude”
Alex: “I DONT KNOW ALRIGHT, I DONT KNOW”
Jericho: “If you did, you wouldn’t even entertain me, you avoid me because I know everything Alex, all you went through, is it any surprise now that Jodie realises she loves you, that you don’t just drop everything and go to her, it’s not because of J, it’s because you know that you aren’t sure if you love her”
Alex let’s go of me and walk back to the desk
Jericho: “I came here for my friend, I came here because I wanted to be there for him”
Alex: “......I.....I”
Jericho: “yeah, and what do I get for choosing to follow you, you ignore me, whatever dude, it’s only 4 years then I’ll be gone, or I guess you’ll be gone”
Alex: “Jer....”
Jericho: “no dude, let me do my job, I got 7 hours I need to kill, just remember, I was there for you, I took hits for you, remember I once pretended to sleep in your bed so that you could sneak off somewhere with Jodie, I took the blame for that trophy incident with your parents, I am the only real friend you have, your roommate Brad, he won’t even talk to you when you tried to help him with his Ash issues, and here I am looking for you and finding you”
Not necessarily looking for him, this was a coincidence but I'm around as usual.
Alex: “okay Jericho, I get it I haven’t been fair...I haven’t been fair to you”
Alex looks sorry but I’m already too heartbroken to forgive him, I take earphones out of my pocket and put them on, and begin mopping, I was in the mode where I was thinking of all the things I wanted to say to him, all the pain I’d been through while he was busy crying about Jodie, I didn’t notice Alex had left until hours later into my tasks. I do just about everything leaving the catering for tomorrow. I leave and lock the council room and make my way to the dorms, my room, my roommate was Eric, but he was never really here, I decide to take nap, it was going to be a long night

Soren
Soren: “but you gotta admit though, Mandy is like got the best ass here”
Tony: “yeah but I told you about Bridgette”
Soren: “sorry fam, I’m an Ass man through and through, she’s got the best one, she has my attention”
The Cheerleaders are practising their routine in the gym, I happen to be in free period and Tony skipped class just to show me Bridgette, and Yet Mandy caught my attention, they are friends from what I hear and I am immediately hooked by the thoughts of a threesome, but that's unrealistic.
Mikael: “you know nothing Soren, Evanka has nice big body hey”
It was obvious Mikael is a foreign student from one of those Eastern European countries, he is still learning English and is more or less getting closer to fluency, half the time though I don’t understand what he is saying
Soren: “we all know Miky that you like her because she looks like a Romanov”
Mikael: “Soren, please I keep telling you I’m From Ukraine”
Soren: “same difference kid”
Mikael blabbers something in a language I don’t understand
Soren: “alright my bad, look they are doing it again”
Part of the routine involved them lifting their legs, I like how some of the girls aware of our presence and smile while doing that, they had shorts underneath but still, it’s the imagination part I like
Tony: “I can’t wait to score the game-winning shot”
Soren: “ahead of me, no way”
Tony: “Tony, Screens for Soren, Soren drives, finds Tony open, Tony shoots for the win, it’s good Tony, Anthony gets the winning basket”
I kick his back since I’m seated above him on the rafters
Tony: “ouch bruh, you know that’s what’ll happen, you carry the points, and I get the winner, and Bridgette will be all over”
Soren: “pretty sure Bridgette and Mandy would rather go with the guy with his own house”
Tony: “you wanna bet”
Soren: “bring it on, first to fuck her has to clean the other's underwear”
Tony: “what about Mandy”
Soren: “I’m gonna fuck Bridgette, but I’m marrying Mandy”
The bell rings and we walk out of the gym and off to class
On my way I reach my locker and grab my books, In it, there’s a note saying I should meet a secret admirer at the school rooftop at lunch, I’m not really sure how to take this, it could be good or bad, but I’m not one to ask or be concerned too much, I rip it up, and bin it, make my way to class.
When lunch does arrive I’m seating on the edge of the roof staring at the door to see who arrives, the doors open, and I get excited only to see.
Sage walks through the door

Sage: “aren’t you cute, waiting for someone special”
Two girls are with her as she walks in
Soren: “what do you want Sage, I’m missing lunch”
Sage: “the food isn’t going anywhere, now I warned you yesterday to not get in my way because I always get what I want”
Soren: “geez are you kidding me, come on”
Sage: “listen to me, you are gonna do as I say”
Soren: “and why would I do that”
Sage: “well I think that you should be afraid of me, but obviously you need the carrot before you see the whip”
Soren: “what does that mean?”
Sage: “I heard you were in the Gym today, I wonder which one of those girls you like the most, most guys talk about Bridgette but you, you were looking at my ass when we walked together, and it was blatant, so Mandy would be a better fit for you, also given the fact that she kinda looks like your Mother, a woman who’s never shown you the love and affection you wanted”
Soren: “stop!”
Sage: “oh sorry I sometimes go too deep into peoples psychology, well anyway, I can make sure that you two have something together”
Soren: “huh”
Sage: “speechless, alright”
She says that last part so seductively
Soren: “wait why, what’s in it for you, what do you gain from this”
Sage: “simple, you officially date me”
Soren: “what? no!”
Sage: “see I need to get off the market, I want to make sure people are happy to vote me in as student body, however, the kids seem to still have some affection towards other candidates particularly your captain Nathan, if I date the golden boy, Nathan would be obliged to let me win, to keep you happy of course. You! my pro, are the most popular kid in school as of now, your approval rate is so high, if we power couple, I’m a shoo-in for student body”
Soren: “are you serious, you really think that offering me a girl”
Sage: “a girl you’re gonna fall for”
Soren: “what, what do you mean”
Sage: “you know Soren, I don’t have all day”
I was speechless, she was so, conniving and manipulative
Soren: “how do you know all this about me?”
Sage: “because I planned this a long time ago”
Soren: “that doesn’t change my answer”
Sage: “don’t worry, I know what will”
She calmly walks over and puts her hands on my chest, and all those memories, my childhood, all flow back
...............................................................................................................................
Sage
I knock at the door but there’s no answer,
Sage: “SOREN!”
I hear movement and no one has seen him since lunch, they say he didn’t even eat, always a bad sign
Sage: “Soren! I know you’re in there Soren, open up,  Soren!”
I wouldn’t put so much effort but I was afraid for his well-being, imagine the headline, star boy! commits suicide wouldn’t be able to bear that.
I notice he has a chimney, I know it’s new and unused so it should be clean, I decided to climb through, the chimney is because it gets cold here and the house isn’t connected to the normal power supply, instead it’s hooked to an external unit, in case of power cuts meaning he never has to be in the dark. However, air conditioning cannot be sustained through recharging batteries. I climb and reach the top of the house, the chimney is small but I can barely fit, eventually, I slide down into the house, all the lights are off and I tiptoe through the kitchen to see some empty alcohol bottles, I’m glad he didn’t have more due to all of them coming from the party he had last night.
Sage: “Soren!”
I hear rustling in and out of the rooms, but without the lights, I don’t see anything
Soren: “you!!!”
Soren grabs my throat and is holding a knife
Sage: “Soren, listen to me”
Soren: “is that what you wanted, to scar me to get your fucking way”
Sage: “Sooooorrrrrreeeennn”
Soren: “you treat me like an object, do you know how that feels”
His grip on my neck is tighter
Sage: “moooorrrr thang yoggg knownng Sorenngg”
Soren: “hmm maybe I should use you! “
For moments, his eyes I assume are the last things I’d see on earth, punishment for my games. Soren drops the knife and bursts into tears, I fall to the floor, gripping my neck, as soon as I catch my breath I walk over and hold him as he cries on my shoulder.
Sage: “it’s gonna be okay, alright Soren”
Soren keeps crying, I forget that he’s only 17, with his height and all,
Soren: “please, I won’t bother you just leave me alone”
Sage: “it’s gonna be alright okay”
What a mess I’ve made, but I can’t go soft now, we have Soren, now to phase two
Sage: “Soren Hunny tomorrow you’re gonna tell the team that we had sex alright, and that we're a couple, and I know you don’t wanna be alone tonight so I’ll stay here okay”
Soren reluctantly nods
Soren: “okay don’t don’t leave me alone tonight, I’m afraid of what I might do to myself”
I can’t necessarily leave the house with bruises marks on my neck, but if I say they are love bites then we should be fine

Alex
We realised that we would not be able to do this alone, Ash was conditionally on board. Janet and I had to go convince Brad to help, he was just being difficult.
Alex: “well we need you guys to work with us on the presentation”
Isis: “baby, these people ruining my vibe, please get them out of here”
Alex: “This is my room, and you act like you live here”
Isis: “Baby!”
Brad: “Alex the lady says leave so you leave”
Janet: “when did you become such a Bully Bradley?”

Jericho
I was on my way to see Alex, I felt bad for what I said, although yeah Alex is not a great person, he’s kinda the only friend I have left and he deserves me, and I deserve him, I walk into a flaring argument
Isis: “when did you become such a stuck up bitch, Brad can you please teach this bitch a lesson”
Janet: “I’m a bitch when your treating someone love like your own personal toy”
Brad: “the toy has a name, and that name means, get the fuck out of my...”
Alex: “I’m not going anywhere, you will help us with this project”
Brad: “keep dreaming...”
Jericho: “hey guys”
My words fall on deaf ears as only Janet turns to see me
Janet: “we need you to help, you or Ash, Ash refuses to do anything and says if we can get you to participate then she will as well”
Brad; “and you two can’t do it because”
Alex: “because we have a presentation to do and if we don’t Marksen will not give us the grade”
Brad: “and whose problem is that”
Isis: “not ours I assume”
During all this Isis is seated on top of Brad simple taking countless photos of herself
Alex: “it’s our problems, this thing was your idea, since I was helping you with notes, we let you off research but we need you to learn the presentation”
Brad: “but that skank asked you to make me, so why the hell would”
Janet: “ugh you’re a child can’t you for one second consider other people”
Brad: “I did, got me nowhere, I’m gonna do me”
Janet: “and this new you is getting somewhere other than Isis Panties”
Isis: “I don’t see anyone in line to get into yours”
Alex and me Race to stop Janet from attacking Isis
Jericho: “guys I know things are bad but”
Janet: “BITCH, I WILL END YOU, YOU HEAR ME! I WILL SHOW YOU WHAT I DID TO THE LAST GIRL WHO STOLE MY BOYFRIEND”
Isis: “BRING IT, LIKE POSH BITCHES LIKE YOU CAN FIGHT”

While restraining the ladies we try and sort of solve the issue
Alex: “nice job Bradley, now we have to keep these two away from each other”
Bradley: “oh shut up Alex, you won’t leave, go somewhere else, she’s only like this because you’re disturbing our us time”
Jericho: “I don’t think the reason this happened is because you were trying to solve the issue, it’s because you’re not solving it the right way”
Alex: “please please say something reasonable”
Jericho: “I mean Brad should know that Ash said that she wants him there then she’ll do it, so I don’t understand why Brad won’t go”
Isis breaks free of Bradley’s grip, a lapse in concentration or a reaction to what I just said
Isis: “GET OVER HERE”
She pulls Janet’s hair while Janet scratches back trying to get free
Jericho: “can we, the guys talk after we separate these two”
After some minutes we do eventually get Janet out of the room, and sit her down outside a bench, with some water
Alex: “guess I’m gonna be spending the night, trying to get her to stop crying”
Brad: “you’re talking about crying, Isis is not gonna fuck me for a while after this, talking about how I didn’t defend her by beating everyone up”
Jericho: “like I said Ash doesn’t hate you, Brad, she just doesn’t want things to be awkward where you guys can’t do anything together”
Alex: “how would you know that?”
Jericho: “well there’s this friend of mine, we had an argument and I realised that he’s still my friend, we still like each other and no matter what”
I and Alex are smiling at each-other
Brad: “you two gay or something”
Alex: “he’s right anyway, dude it’s just one practice session, one presentation and we never have Marksen in class ever”
Brad: “but he coaches us”
Alex: “that’s another bridge”
Jericho: “soo you going Bradley, or you thinking of breaking our arms today “
Bradley seems more positive.
Brad: “alright let’s go”
Jericho: “cool, so I have a few things to tell you, firstly, I just discovered that my group is actually your group because and that I’m gonna go see Bella's ass tonight so good luck with your presentation”
Alex: “what, you’ll have to present too?”
Jericho: “see Alex there’s a problem with that”
Alex: “what’s that?”
I run
Jericho: “you can’t catch me, we’ll work on it in the morning!!”
Alex: “Jericho, Jericho!!”
Bradley: “hahaha”


























Chapter 9
Soren
Nathan: “you serious dude, you and her, like wow, you’re the first guy she’s dated here, you must be special”
Soren: “yeah I guess I am, she was talking about how she wanted to become student body, and that you were running against her, but I’m not saying drop out of the election, it’s just a bit weird since you're competitors and all and I can’t like, support your cause”
Nathan: “calm down, I don’t expect you to, I’m only running to be a better leader, what better way than the student body president, it also allows me to change the rules on grades so that players don’t have to maintain a C to play, you might never have to attend another class ever bruh”
Soren: “yeah I like my classes thank you”
Nathan: “your loss, last season when we lost, our best Shooter, Mikael was failing, English, so he had less than a C, he couldn’t play and well, I regret it, so I want to make sure that never happens here ever again”
Soren: “really cool of you”
Nathan: “yeah it’s that, and to get some sort of significance to the boys here, we all know the Janice was great but, I guess I want to make the school great too, show that the guys have a lot to contribute besides athletics trophies”
We were getting dressed, practice is over so I pick up my gym bag and we begin walking out of the gym.
Soren: “see you, tomorrow captain! “As I walk in Katherine and Tracy meet up with me
Katherine: “how’s our new toy?”
Soren: “the deal was to announce I’m dating Sage, none of this stuff with you guys”
Katherine: “don’t you think I’m sexy Soren? ”
Soren: “I do but that’s not the point”
Tracy: “then what is?”
Sage suddenly walks in
Sage: “that his mine, and I don’t share”
Soren: “are you like a ninja, how do you keep getting into my house, how do you come out of nowhere”
We weren’t at my house but I did wonder how she got in last night when we became an item
Katherine: “killjoy!”
Tracy: “the queen shows up”
Sage: “I’m flattered but we have things to do”
Soren: “what things?”
Sage: “you have to meet the President, Andrews”
I didn’t think I’d be getting dragged around, I mean I don’t want to feel, the way I do, but Sage seems to know so much about me, she understands what I want, almost telepathically, sometimes I wonder if she might be the girl.
Sage: “hello, earth to wonder boy, look I know you don’t want to do this, but at least you and I are in the same team for once, now you know I do care about you, I forget how my games can mess with people’s heads”
We walk to Andrews’s office and wait for him to arrive, whilst we waited I apologise for the events of last night, and how she helped with a lot of my past. 
Soren: “it’s alright, I went too far threatening you anyway, I just, I have some, issues”
Sage: “please calm down, we will talk about it one day, but for now, you’ve got to keep your composure”
Soren: “Alright, for you, I’ll try my best”
Andrews walks in with a girl, she was short, seemingly dressed professionally apart from the lipstick
Andrews: “Alice, thank you for coming”
Alice: “happy to be here sir”
Andrews: “okay you 3 are the school prized possessions, our prime educational student, Alice, (Alice, I’d never met here since I arrived but she looked cute, but I guess I can’t date anyone anymore) our national basketball star, (he gestures to me) and our fearless leader, now while the teachers may have given you Head girl, Unfortunately, we all know that Student body is a whole new ball game, or in context of Soren, a whole new basketball game, be that as it may, I’m hear with recent polling, you are garnering some votes Sage”
Sage: “well thank you, sir, I hope to do my best for the school”
Andrews: “I know you will, Joana though seems to be your hottest competitor”
I hadn’t met Joana as well, but Tony told me Joana is the younger sister of the 2018 Student body, the girl before Janice, and the reason why people were interested in her is that she manages a whole host of disciplines and clubs in the school. Joana immediately enters the room
Joana: “sorry I’m late sir, the world relations club, needed someone who could speak French”
Andrews: “that’s alright Joana, It is usually hard to even get you free at times, I was explaining the importance each of you has at this school, now in a month we have determined student body, and even though you and Sage are competing, I want you all to be on the council come February, Soren you and Nathan will represent the sport, Nathan is good friends with the Football team so he will have their best interests, he also understands and knows about the other teams such as the Tennis, Hockey Baseball Cricket and so on, I would have thought with so many sporting disciplines behind him, he’d also run for the student body, and I was right, so it’s a three-horse race, Nathan knows of my invitation because I invited him last year, but he refused saying he’d rather focus on basketball, but promised he’d start this year”

Soren: “as student council what are our jobs”
Andrews: “glad you asked, you will responsible for the well-being of your sections of academia, all the responsibility of their needs will fall to you, if you are to shirk your duties, the discipline will have a vote of no confidence and be able to add their own member to the council, a member who could stop you from getting whatever you want to pass, meaning less power to change school rules, for seniors I’ve noticed that you rarely ever change the rules since it’s one more year, for the likes of Soren who is gonna be here a bit longer, they might be more proactive”

Sage: “well we do love the school, I think we can definitely make it so that we see an improvement”
Alice: “sounds like a tall task, most of our predecessors were very competent”
Andrews: “anyway I’ve said all I need to say, the announcement of the council will be made right after the election so, good luck to you “
Andrews gestures us to leave, only Sage and I were sitting so we leave last
On the whole Alice gives Sage a suggestive look
Soren: “you know her”
Sage: “she’s a close friend, anyway Soren, ready to go”
Soren: “go where”
Sage: “on our date”
Soren: “Date, it’s school hours”
Sage: “don’t you worry, I’ll get us out”
We walk to the school doors, we arrive and a guard looks at me and Sage, up and down, I’m a bit nervous but he opens the door and lets us through
Sage: “that’s Bob, he can be a bit brooding, but he’s alright, just don’t step, on his shoes, he hates that”
Soren: “right got it, but where exactly are we going”
The school wasn’t really close to the city, so I was wondering how
Sage: “Andrews added you to the council as a favour to me as well, and he didn’t have much reason not to”
Soren: “is that so, I thought I got in through my natural good looks”
Sage: “mmm you have Good looks, but it’s because I don’t want you out of my sight”
Soren: “so again where are we going, we aren’t gonna just walk to the city”
Sage: “no of course not”
She starts walking through the forest, and after a good half hour of walking, we get to an opening
Sage: “welcome”
Soren: “Sage, what the hell, there’s nothing here”
Sage: “wait for it!”
Soren: “wait for what!”
Sage: “wait for it!”
Soren: “you’re joking right”
Sage points up to the sky and a helicopter arrives, it slowly descends before landing in the middle of the space. A man gets off it and quickly rushes over. I can only assume he's her butler. 
Man: “I am so sorry Miss”
Soren: “well that’s...” I wonder how much money her family actually has.
Sage: “it’s alright, let’s go!”


Joana
Another day, another extra-curricular activity, don’t get me wrong I enjoy them, but it drags on. However a very interesting person caught my attention, and I wanted to catch his.
Joana: “The animal rights foundation is holding a drive to encourage awareness”
Tony: “and what exactly do you want from me”
Joana: “well I’d appreciate you showing your support, they’ll be drinks and...”
Tony: “Joana do you ever stop?”
Mikael: “yes do you stop?!”
Joana: “I do when I sleep, but today I have a duty”
Tony: “well I’ll come if you come to my room”
Aubrey: “ahhh no, we aren’t charity sluts, we are important members of this school, it has a population of over 500, and every member has an obligation”
My closest friend Aubrey had a thing about her, it was a cute thing but a crazy thing nonetheless
Joana: “calm down girl”
Tony: “my bad for asking, but you know what you need to do to get me to agree”
Joana: “thanks but no thanks”
Tony: “Okay, your loss”
Mikael and Tony walk away
Ruth: “are you kidding me guys!”
Aubrey: “what’s up with you?”
Ruth: “did you not see the tall dark and handsome man that just passed here and offered a good time for commitment to your cause”
Aubrey: “all I saw was a boy looking for a good time”
Ruth: “Jo!”
I was still staring and Anthony walk away, those broad shoulders, those adorable lips, that cute face
Ruth: “Jo, Ummm Jo hello, I see you looking at him”
Joana: “well girls, look at him”
Aubrey: “wait you like him, why didn’t you stop me”
Joana: “because I got no time for the drama or the stress”
Aubrey: “well girl he is fine” she drags the fine.
Joana: “isn’t he though”
Ruth: “if he asks me, I won’t hesitate to jump, but I guess I’m not as pretty”
Aubrey: “don’t you start with that mess, Ru you know you sexy is hell”
Joana: “anyway girls, round up some more men, they should fall for our charms, come on”
We spend our time asking more people, in the campus garden, as usual, a handful actual commit to coming but anything to help the nature club, they do find it hard to get anyone to care. This is why I end up asking Ru and Bree to help me out. When it seems we've asked everyone in the area, we start reminiscing about our past adventures.
Ruth: “do you remember when we went to the bay? for our summer holidays, we spent the last night at the beach house your dad owns, Jo!”
Joana: “Bree ditched us for some guy, then spent the whole vacation scaring other guys away because Mr Perfect”
Aubrey: “he was perfect until he was hiding that bitch in the closet”
Ruth: “right what was her name again?”
Joana: “is it weird that we talk so much about boys yet none of us have a boyfriend”
Ruth: “no! well people think you use us to look better, they see us together, then they see you, then ask you out, and then you say no”
Aubrey: “firstly, have you seen me, like no! really have you seen me, I’m a bitch with attitude so I won’t have it Ru, I’m the hottest girl out of all y’all and you know”
Ruth: “And what I’m the ugliest”
Aubrey: Nah, it’s a tie for last”
Joana: “okay bad bitch, where’s your man”
Aubrey: “my man, gotta be harder, these soft light skins, I want me a man who can pick me up, toss me and catch me like I’m a doll, a man who ain’t afraid of nobody”
Joana: “that sounds like a Latino gangsta we know or maybe she means some other ride or die gangster”
Ruth: “still got that crush”
Aubrey: “it’s just a preference girl, but yes, the one you’re referring to did help”
Joana: “alright I need to go meet up with Sage for the school fundraiser”
Ruth: “I don’t like her, my spine tingles from her sheer presence”
Aubrey: “I think she’s alright for a queer”
Joana: “I think she’s influential, but as usual it also means she has a bit of a dark side”
Ruth: “a bit”
Joana: “I can handle her”
Janice: “hey ladies, Joana I need your assistance with something”
Joana: “Ms Refiloe, I am so busy, with all the club meetings, my fundraising, the campaign and the 3 assignments that I must submit to your class alone”
Janice: “well Joana, the school owes you a debt, however, it’s either you or Sage and I’m trying to help your campaign”
Ruth: “Bree, and I can help you, Jo”
Aubrey: “by Bree, you must be referring to another girl named Bree right”
Joana: “what is it?”
Janice: “the teachers are holding a dinner on Saturday, during the dinner a special guest, Mr James Chester, the owner of Chester University is arriving at the event, he will be talking about a possible investment into our high school as an affiliate. It would be helpful someone who actually goes to the school as a student currently attends, now I was supposed to go, but I have other plans, and so I was told I can export this duty to a student, I could think of no one more fitting”
Joana: “Nathan, Alice, Tony, Tracy-Karen, Dominic, Fuck even Bree right here”
Janice: “all of which I don’t know personally besides Bree, come on Jo, for me?”
Joana: “ugh”
Ruth: “come on Jo, we’ll be down to help like the sidekicks you make us”
Aubrey: “come on let me do it, you know me J”
Janice: “cute little Bree (J had always been good friends with all of us, but she is closer to Bree) sorry but you have a certain, explicitness”
Aubrey: “I mean, I know I can be a bit, showy”
Janice: “Bree, no, I know you wanna help, but I don’t want your boujee ass doing...”
Aubrey: “geez J alright take Ms Goody Toe Shoes”
Joana: “guess that’s that, there goes my weekend”
Janice: “thank you so so much”
Joana: “where are you going anyway?”
Janice: “well, I have a special weekend with a very special person”
Ruth, Joana & Aubrey: “Alex!”
Janice: “no, I mean yeah but, is it that obvious”
Ruth: “well, it’s just you told everyone willing to listen about him”
Joana: “feels a bit one-sided at times”
Aubrey: “I hope he’s as crazy about you as you are of him”
Janice: “he isn’t the type to go crazy, but I’m sure he tells everyone about me”
Aubrey: “what about the girl, Rachael, they are always hanging out, from the pics I see on his socials, or the other one Janet”
Janice: “yes and there’s other girls no matter where he goes, I trust him though, and this weekend is a reward to keep him straight”
Joana: “right, any guy who needs to be kept straight isn’t a guy you need”
Janice: “and any guy who is not aware of the temptations around him and isn’t honest about how easy it is to falter will never learn”
Ruth: “I don’t know, I mean, the way it started, you would’ve known you’d be doing a long-distance relationship”
Janice: “we did, and we talked about it”
Ruth: “and what did you say”
Janice: “that we had to put in lots of work to make it work”
Joana: “and is it worth it”
Aubrey: “you talk like you have a successful relationship”
Joana: “I talk because I know I can’t have a successful relationship so I keep myself off the market but not forever”
Janice: “Jo, I’m brave enough, I want to see how it goes if it fails fine, but if it succeeds, it’s my biggest accomplishment, and you know all about accomplishments”
Ruth: “I get that”
Joana: “I do too, well, all the best”
Janice: “good bye ladies”
Aubrey: “J wait up”
Joana: “Bree, where you going?”
Aubrey: “just gonna have some girl talk with my girl J, don’t worry I’ll tell you all about it”
Ruth: “you behave yourself, Bree”
Janice and Bree go into the teacher lounge, Ru and I go to the parking lot, Ru and I have a license and we share duties, today though Ru is taking us home, her mom is a nurse and her dad passed away, so she usually, home alone, unless I’m sleeping over which is very often, Bree has really strict parents though, but they trust us to get her home. Ru and I continued reminiscing before I went to check on her, walking into the hallway and I open the teachers’ lounge
The two are sitting suggestively on the table, with Bree’s legs over J’s
Joana: “let’s go hello, it’s almost 8 pm, I need to come back here later to meet Sage like I told you!”
Aubrey: “uhhh fine, see you J”
Janice: “bye Bree”
They smile at each other on the way out, I turn back and ask J
Joana: “does your boyfriend know about this fooling around”
Janice: “he likes the stories”
Joana: “so this is going be a story”
Janice: “hey, Bree is sexy, and I am sure Alex is very much interested in the fun I have with her”
Joana: “Ummm, okay....”
Aubrey: “I wouldn’t have done it if I didn’t know”
Joana: “okay, hurry and move”
Aubrey: “alright alright”
We walk back to the car…..
Ruth: “what took you so long?”
Joana: “somebody was fooling around with a teacher”
Aubrey: “it was just some fun, I just wanted her to treat me like she treated her last girlfriend”
Ruth: “You mean Sage?”
Joana: “they never dated”
Aubrey: “really? you sure, I mean I was talking to Tracy-Karen, she was like Sage said they dated”
Joana: “no way because I was told J never dated Sage”
Ruth: “by who?”
Joana: “I know a person”
Aubrey: “who Jo?”
Joana: “a friend guys”
Ruth: “wait why won’t you tell us?”
Joana: “look it’s Nathan”
Aubrey: “......Nathan.... basketball captain....”
Ruth: “....umm why would he tell you”
Joana: “I was, uhhh look we had a thing”
Aubrey: “a thing Jo, a thing”
Joana: “we had a fling thing”
Ruth: “a fling thing, and?...”
Joana: “and it didn’t turn into anything”
Ruth: “what happened to this fling thing?”
Joana: “it stopped like we didn’t click for long”
Aubrey: “well how did you two start talking about Sage”
Joana: “well basically, he was saying he had asked Sage out, and she said no, and then he was told by the girls that J was dating her, but then he spent lots of time with J and when he mentioned her dating Sage, she was shocked that Nate thought that”
Ruth: “Nate?”
Joana: “Nathan, I call him Nate, his mom calls him that and he let me use it”
Ruth: “you met his parents?”
Joana: “yeah sort of kinda”
Aubrey: “girl the fact we are finding out about this now!”
Joana: “okay I’m sorry, it was painful alright and I didn’t want you guys to know about it”
Ruth: “now we have to know about it”
Aubrey: “first things first, so Sage says they were together, and J says they weren’t”
Ruth: “Sages also told Tracy, that they are together, I mean they have been together since Sage came to school”
Aubrey: “Yeah, so I guess J didn’t want people to know”
Joana: “Nate and I agreed it was more likely Sage lied”
Ruth: “why though? Sage isn’t the type to lie”
Aubrey: “use you yes, lie no”
Joana: “I don’t know it’s really strange to think about”
Aubrey: “what do you think, I mean he’s already following in her footsteps”
Joana: “J isn’t the type to be embarrassed, she’s too proud, she’s definitely the type, to be honest about who she is dating”
Ruth: “I agree with you though, it’s just so weird though, should we ask J and get like the full story”
Aubrey: “we’re gonna have to wait, she won’t be available this weekend”
Ruth: “true, sooooo you and Nate”
Joana: “Nate and I, ummm basically it was small, short fling thing”
Aubrey: “and now you like Tony”
Joana: “let’s just say, Tony apart from my busy schedule, is still got some way to grow before he is my number one target”
Aubrey: “ohh so I was right to chase him off”
Joana: “yeah, because girl God knows I can’t say no to him if he smiles at me with those cute eyes, and moves”
Ruth: “did you like, do anything special with Nate”
Joana: “we kissed, and made out behind the court benches, usually before a party or after a baseball game”
Ruth: “that’s why you would come late to those”
Aubrey: “like I didn’t think you’d like someone like Nate, I thought maybe your type was Johnny right”
Joana: “Johnny had a crush on Alice before even Johnny knew he had a crush on Alice, I mean he did make the teacher put them together with the promise he’d tutor after graduation, like the same thing Janice is doing”
Aubrey: “wow no way”
Joana: “yes way, Alice doesn’t know about it, but if she did”
Ruth: “do you think that Alice has been acting weird these last few days, or weeks”
Aubrey: “nothing out of the usual”
Joana: “now that you mention it, it felt like she broke up with Johnny, and she has been spending a lot do more time with Katherine, Tracy and Sage particularly Sage though”
Ruth: “yeah I mean what’s up with that, Alice is usually very, like off, not much to get from her about her”
Aubrey: “maybe I did notice that but, I heard from J that they have a lot of sex on campus, Johnny and Alice I mean, so I think they are fine”
Joana: “well Sage is known to only like girls, yet she’s now dating Soren, right before the run-in for Election Day”
Ruth: “so she wins, so what, it’s not that special”
Aubrey: “it’s very special Ru, a big deal”
Joana: “J can go to almost any university she wants, just because of the double victory” I actually realise that the only reason she hasn't is because she is planning to join Alex at his.
Aubrey: “you don’t know, how much influence you get”
Ruth: “it’s about power then!”
Joana: “it’s about being able to make a difference, most of the clubs I work for don’t have representation, a lot do them are almost reliant on the little donations they get from rallies, the nature club failed to stop Chester corporate from destroying the park near Greenfield so that he could erect that giant tower”
Aubrey: “but Jo babe, that tower is what gives us the insane coverage we have at school”
Joana: “so we can watch YouTube during class, yeah, the school now has great Wi-Fi coverage”
Aubrey: “not for calls, you know these international guys like hearing my voice nice and clear”
Ruth: “that’s why you’re running, to help these small clubs”
Joana: “that and one other thing”
Aubrey: “which is....”
Joana: “..............”
Ruth: “which is???”
Joana: “ummmmmm”
Aubrey: “dammit girl talk!”
I look away towards the window
Joana: “I wanted Nate to notice me”
Aubrey: “you’re joking....”
Joana: “I know I was already preoccupied but when I wasn’t I’d think about him so I wanted an excuse to see him face to face”
Aubrey: “an excuse to see him”
Ruth: “well... this guy must have you deep”
Joana: “I can’t help it okay, I watch all his games, we see each other often in class, and when I’m doing this other stuff I think about him”
Aubrey reaches from behind my seat and hugs me
Aubrey: “we get you, babe”
Joana: “really” 
Ruth reached over to hold my arm while she’s driving
Ruth: “we also got you, babe”
While I may not have time for a relationship, I do want one. Doing the right thing sometimes means doing what's best for yourself. This conversation with my two best friends brought tears to my eyes
Joana: “thanks!”


Tony
Tony: “I just feel weird sad today Mikael, you Russians would know about being sad with your could weather”
Mikael: “yeah, I’m not Russian”
Tony: “give up on that debate and focus on what I just said”
Mikael: “in my country, we have a saying “
Tony: “Which is?”
Mikael: “I am from Ukraine!” I enjoy patronising him, he knows I don't mean it. Just then Nathan arrives
Nathan: “have any of you see Soren, he didn’t attend class”
Mikael: “I do not know”
Tony: “he must be with Sage somewhere”
Nathan: “where not like they can walk out of the school”
Tony: “well I wouldn’t put it beyond them to try”
Mikael: “why do Soren, you want, I mean! (Mikael taps his forehead) why do you want Soren?”
Nathan: “why do I want Soren (Mikael nods), well we were supposed to meet and talk about the lineup for the match with Atwell”
Tony: “he is probably preoccupied right now”
Mikael: “He will be back”
Nathan: “right, well if I can’t find him, he’ll have one hell of a hiding from me and Atwell”
Soren comes down the hall running, he runs straight towards Nathan and then starts panting, looking exhausted, his clothes ruffled. 
Soren: “pant, I’m sorry I’m pant pant pant pant pant I’m sorry I’m, pant, I’m late captain, we forgot to consider the walk back”
Nathan: “the walk back from where and who is we?”
Soren: “pant pant the walk, I need water pant pant, Mikael get me some water”
Nathan: “no water Mikael! your punishment Soren is you do the meeting without drinking anything”
Soren: “really Nathan? come on, give me a break”
Nathan: “do you want to the whole day without Water”
Soren: “pant okay let’s go” 
I decide to walk towards the dorms, to change
Nathan: “where are you going, you’re coming to the meeting”
I turn and give a puzzled face
Tony: “huh, what do you mean?”
Nathan grabs my elbow, he’s probably the strongest guy in the team
Nathan: “your supposed be to make sure he doesn’t go MIA so you will attend”
Tony: “Nathan bruh, really!” I swear the only guy in school who I allow to treat me like this
Nathan pulls me all the way to Atwell where I spend 2 hours looking through basketball clips.
Surprisingly even though Soren dehydrated and tired, he was able to still keep up with Atwell and Nathan theory crafting, I just sat confirmed and denied opinions they had on our teammates. When we walk out Soren scrambled to a nearby tap.
Tony: “where were you?”
Soren: “I’ll tell you later”
He drinks for a few more seconds

We walk to his place, Mikael wasn't willing to wait, he still needed to improve his English, although he is definitely not going to fail it this time around. On the way to Soren's house, he was quiet so I decided to wait until we got there to ask where he was.
Tony: “soooo?”
Soren: “so we went on a date” No wonder his clothes were ruffled. 
Tony: “ohhh, I see you!"
Soren: “yeah well it wasn’t the type of date you’re thinking of, we went to the town and I met her dad”
Tony: “you met Sage Campbell’s dad” I sit on a barstool and intently waiting for more details. 
Soren: “met us a strong word, she practically said daddy this is my boyfriend”
Tony: “how the hell did you get in that quickly?”
Soren sits down on the bench, near the bar table
Soren: “I didn’t, she’s using me”
Tony: “and why are you saying yes to that”
Soren: “I don’t like being played okay, I don’t like being manipulated but she helps me!”
Tony: “Is that all it took”
Soren: “look you don’t understand”
Tony: “then make me understand”
Soren: “I don’t understand myself okay..., I don’t understand why I do what she wants me to do”
Tony: “Alright so dump her”
Soren: “I can’t”
Tony: “yes you can, I know you can”
Soren: “I don’t think I can”
Tony: “just try, dude, you can’t be punishing yourself”
Soren: “I’m not, she’s not bad like I am alright with it”
Tony: “she’s trapping you dude, and now that I think about it, isn’t Sage only into girls, like just girls”
Soren: “she likes guys, she just doesn’t sleep with them, or anyone really, even you know that she teases you all the time”
Tony: “yeah she does to get my favour not because she likes me”
Soren: “yeah but she’s found someone she likes”
Tony: “and it’s not you”
Soren: “what do you mean?”
Tony: “Ms Refiloe”
Soren: “just call her Janice, she’s dating my Sisters crush even though she’s married”
Tony: “you told me her name once, Jodie”
Soren: “yes, or call her J, and I know J and Sage had a relationship”
Tony: “no they didn’t”
Soren: “yes they did, Sage told me herself”
Tony: “I am telling you that J did not date Sage”
Soren: “are you saying Sage lied to me, really”
Tony: “why would she be honest with you?”
Soren: “she likes me, a lot. She wouldn’t like to do that, she wouldn’t do it I’m telling you”
Tony: “you have a lot to learn kid”
Soren: “quit with the baby stuff, I’m telling you they dated, I have pictures”
Tony: “yes because two girls kissing has always meant they are together, seriously every other week girls are fooling around on campus”
Soren: “not that, I can ask Tracy for the chats she has of them talking, and prove to you”
Tony: “Okay listen, dude, Nathan told me, they aren’t together so, I have no clue where you’re getting this”
Soren: “what does Nathan know about them?”
Tony: “He knows a lot, he was always with J at school, and he had a crush on Sage, so when he asked”
Soren: “she said no because she said she was into J”
Tony: “no she said she wasn’t interested in him”
Soren: “so how on earth would, ohh J told him they weren’t together”
Tony: “exactly, and I believe her”
Soren: “Sage wouldn’t lie to me”
Tony: “why would she tell you the truth, she is known for manipulating people”
Soren: “I know but like I said it’s different”
Tony: “how you don’t even know why you are with her”
Soren: “I do, she gives something I need”
Tony: “which is”
Soren: “someone who understands me, because sometimes I don’t, the only thing I do understand is how to get a ball into a basket”
Tony: “you shouldn’t need her to do that, dump her! Come on dude”
Soren: “I can’t, I keep”
Tony: “can’t or won’t”
Soren: “both but more of can’t”
Tony: “what about Mandy, you were way more interested in her than this random new relationship”
Soren: “no dude, I was interested in Mandy’s butt, don’t make it deeper than it was”
Tony: “men have married for less”
Soren: “I want more though”
Tony: “more is not being controlled”
Soren: “I’m not controlled I have a choice”
Tony: “then prove it to me”
Soren: “I am by making this choice, to ignore your advice, and this is not her talking! it’s me, so get over it”
Tony: “fine!”
Soren: “Now, I was on a date”
Tony: “right that’s where this all started”

Soren
Soren: “Basically we went got to the helicopter, and I met her butler Davies, he was really cool”
Tony: “and then... what happened!”
Soren: “the butler got there late and he kept apologizing, Sage kept telling him it’s okay, we got to the city, did you know Sage had this much money”
Tony: “I was aware, of the wealth but she never really flaunted it here at school, I knew her father Mr Campbell was some huge hotel tycoon”
Soren: “yeah so any way we landed, I kept asking her why she was taking me so far for a date, she said she lied”
Tony: “stop! she said what?”
Soren: “that she lied”
Tony: “she lied”
Soren: “no you dimwit, like she lied about the nature of the date”
Tony: “no she lied nonetheless and you still think you’re not being played”
Soren: “no I’m not let me explain, her Dad is invested in the basketball league, he was talking about being really cosy with the League Chairmen so Sage, she thought introducing me to him as her boyfriend would help me”
Tony: “what’s in it for her?”
Soren: “she did it because she loved me, okay let’s say she is trying to love me”
Tony: “you don’t date someone randomly because you just suddenly love them, love is not just sight, Soren, it’s more than all that”
Soren: “pretty deep when all you wanna do is have sex with most girls”
Tony: “that’s because I can’t give love, or I haven’t found someone worth giving and neither have you”
Soren: “I have, now let me finish, I talked to Campbell, and he was, of course, like, I don’t want you hurting my daughter, and you have a good future, don’t ruin it on drugs and alcohol and sex, and don’t touch my little girl, until you marry her”
Tony: “was Sage there!”
Soren: “she got mad at him for the whole don’t touch her thing, and the lecture he gave me but everything went well, I told Sage I had a meeting, I thought we had plenty of time so I went to see the Lakers practice”
Tony: “you met the goat?”
Soren: “more like he saw me and told me how good I am, which was, a really cool moment, we even took a pic with him”
Tony: no way dude really”
Soren: “I played a few possessions then realised the time and we had to run up the building to the helicopter and after we landed I had to run from the clearing which is a 30minute walk from here, but I guess a 10 min jog”
Tony: “alright cool bruh, you had a great day”
Soren: “I know right”
Tony: “I refuse to believe you love her though, but you love what she does, you’re trapped, so stick to be played with”
Soren: “stop with that, okay, that’s the end of our conversation”
Tony doesn’t take too kindly to what I have done, but he doesn’t understand, she knows too much. He walks out abruptly.


Tracy-Karen
I don’t know when I started being this sort of enforcer, but it was something I was not really afraid to become, Sage is, was and probably will be the person I’m most loyal to, but how did it all start, how did I become who I am today. Well before Sage, that is my time in high school I was not necessarily popular, popularity isn’t a big deal, but I was not particularly interested in school events, going home at the earliest opportunity. This made it seem like I had somewhere to be, my friend Jack, was the only one I had at the school. Yes we kissed once, and he was the first person to actively call me Karen, I guess aside from J. I preferred that name, it was my grandmother’s name. Jack isn’t my boyfriend, he's had his own girlfriends, Lisa then Nancy. I wasn’t necessarily disappointed at first but the jealousy took its toll and eventually I grew apart from him. Friendless and alone, Sage would pick me up, she was new when she arrived but got pretty good at talking to people. I with my frustration to Jack took my effort into sports, I was on the basketball team, and well I didn’t realise how strong I could be. About a year ago...

Sage walks up to me in the locker rooms
Sage: “you were really good today”
Tracy: “...........” I don’t respond and continue dressing
Sage: “hey, hello... talking to you, Tracy?”
Tracy: “..............” What the hell does she want?
Sage: “okay, the other girls said you don’t talk to them either, they all want to be your friend, chemistry is important for the team”
Tracy: “....what do you want Sage” my tone is one of complete discontent.
Sage: “I am actually more surprised you know my name” I turn to her, and lock her dead in the eye, she doesn’t break gaze nor does she stop smiling at me
Sage: “if you wanted to hit me you’d have done it already, I mean the only thing left is a verbal attack, I just want you to understand Tracy, I care about you, you can’t keep yourself isolated like this”
Karen: “............” I do want to hit her, I also do want to verbally attack her
I pick up my bag close my locker and walk out, the girls pay no attention to me, but as I live echoes of “I told you so”, and wagers resolutions on how the interaction would go are resolved, to think I’m as valuable as a bet. I chose to be this way, I lost my best friend to a random girl.
Jack had a class where he sat next to me, Nancy would sit across the class and I’d seen him gazing right across me, at her. I just felt like punching them both, sometimes I imagine they are the girl in front of me as a drive forward, or the girl I’m facing on the wrestling team. In any cases rumours of who I was, what I was capable of were made to explain my dominance in these fields of sport, some about martial arts and military training, nothing about my determination and passion or my anger problems.
Sage was aware of these rumours and it felt like she wanted to use them as a way to leverage others, treat me like an on-field soldier or more accurately halfway of an off-field soldier. This meant she didn’t give up on trying to be my friend. At the time though I wasn't aware of this, I just thought she was trying to be my friend, something I did want or need
The next day Sage would suddenly have a locker next to mine, how convenient! so we’d train together.
Sage: “how was your day today?”
Karen: “................”
Sage: “okay...umm this is probably gonna make you angry but that guy Jack”
I slam my locker silencing every girl in the locker room
Karen: “.....leave me alone!”
I abruptly walk out, half-naked with only my jeans on and my bra, I put the rest of my clothes on and continue my way home. At home I stay with my mom and dad, however, mom works abroad, dad is usually around and as I'm coming in, he takes the night shift of private security,
Today he's here though and he immediately greets me.

Mr Joseph Smith: “Hey honey how was school”
Tracy: “hey dad”
Smith: “food is in the microwave, the dog needs to be untied at around 9, Mrs Sanchez will drop by to make sure everything is alright and make sure you turn on the porch lights always otherwise I can’t see from my device.”
Tracy: “yeah alright”
Dad: “I love you, alright baby girl”
Tracy: “love you too dad”
I hug him and think about how I spend lots of time with my dad and also how our relationship has grown immensely. 
Dad: “those muscles getting bigger every day, soon I’ll be wondering who’d be dumb enough to try to get in, but don’t let this growth in strength change protocol, you hear or see anything you...”
Tracy: “call the police and say I have a home break-in, my father has surveillance of my house, you can access his phone on intradefenders.com surveillance code 3950373206……….. yes yes dad please go you're annoying me”
Dad: “oh is that how it is”
Tracy: “dad”
Dad: “well, I’m gonna, maybe this time I won’t come back”
Tracy: “don’t joke with that, (I hug him tighter), comeback soon”
Dad: “I’ll try my best baby girl”
I wave his car goodbye, untie the dogs, lock the gate and walk to my room, usually, I switch off all lights other than my room, since I don’t do much anywhere else, here I listen to music, scroll some news sites, read articles on random topics.
Hours pass by but around the time I expect Mrs Sanchez, there’s a sound I hear downstairs, I rush for my dad’s baseball bat. The person seems to be walking around the house, as I make my way down, I walk down, holding my phone dialling 911, I am a bit afraid, not something I’m used to, the tough girl persona at school helps me intimidate others. The person finally comes full circle to the front door and knocks slowly, Could it be Mrs Sanchez? but then why would she circle around?
I can maybe wait for her to actually arrive unless maybe she forgot, or maybe I can hide, I mean the house looks empty right, the lights are still off.  What if he knows I’m the only one here, the person knocks again, and this time I’m shivering, afraid to open the door, I crawl to the front window to check who it is, but the person is wearing a full jacket and has covered their face. Maybe people are trying to blackmail my dad at his work, I don’t know, the person knocks again, I don’t know what to do, eventually though 911 picks up and the person answers, “911 what is your emergency”
I am about to report when of all the voices I hear. 
Sage: “ugh Tracy could you open the door, it’s fucking cold out here, I thought the house was empty, I saw the light upstairs, Tracy hello!!”
Is this girl serious, I immediately open the door, and fake hitting her with the bat, she backs away.
Tracy: “what the hell is wrong with you?”
Sage: “sorry it’s hard getting out of school grounds, there was a lot of negotiation to be done, can I come in it’s freezing”
I’m so startled I actually let her in
“Hello, what is your emergency?”
Tracy: “I am sorry false alarm”
I cut my phone call
Sage: “we’re you that afraid, is that why you have a baseball bat?”
I point the tip at her
Tracy: “you’ve got a few seconds to tell me why you're here before 911 really needs to come to the scene”
Sage: “then I’ll be brief, I came here to talk to you about well you, lord knows you need it”
Tracy: “and you know God?”
Sage: “calling me a heathen, listen I’m here to make sure a girl doesn’t descend into depression”
Tracy: “I’m not depressed”
Sage: “so those weren’t anxiety pills I saw in your locker, you take them like they are gumballs”
Tracy: “geez, don’t you have anything better to do than obsess”
Sage: “Tracy, talk to me, why are you sad, has anyone ever asked you?”
Tracy: “I’m not sad, now goo now”
Sage pushes the bat down, I immediately hit her hand, this hurts her enough to see I’m in no mood to play games
Sage: “owww, Tracy I know you’re not...”
Tracy: “I know what you think will happen, that I’ll see the light, that I’ll become your friend, you have so many friends already, your roommate with the head girl, the guys all like you, you’re what I hate, those who think they are better because they are popular"
Sage: “Tracy listen...”
Tracy: “no you listen, I gave up on being whatever you are years ago, at the end of the day I am all I have and that’s good enough for me, so now I’m done asking politely”
I point the bat at her again, she starts walking backwards
Sage: “okay listen, Tracy, listen, I am just like you”
Tracy: “get out!”
Sage: “I can’t alright, I can’t go, I snuck out and if I go back I could get expelled!”
Tracy: “not my problem”
Sage: “I wish I was like you alright, do you know what the girls say about you when you’re not there”
Tracy: “that I’m some loner, a neat, a shut-in”
Sage: “they wish they had what you had on the field, they wish they didn’t care the way you do, whenever you leave your all the girls talk about because they are afraid to talk about you in your presence, I have to make myself feel important, you are already important not just to the team but to us, you make people realise life is to short or be upset by small things”
I’m speechless, my expression may not show it though, I do however question the sincerity of the situation
Tracy: “..........no you’re playing games”
Sage: “here is my phone okay, these are the chats from yesterday when you left after slamming your locker”
She hands me her phone

It’s the basketball group, I never bothered to join
Debbie: _I told you nothing would happen, she’s probably the baddest girl in school_
Sage: _I know it was an epic failure_
Katherine: _you can’t charm a soldier_
Kelly: _if I was a lez(heart eyes emoji)_
Carmen: _I think I’m already a lez because of her_
Sage: _(laughing emojis)_
Heather: _she likes the only reason people watch us play, I mean the guys love it when she starts cussing the refs_
Carmen: _I know right like she doesn’t even talk to anyone on the team yet she still plays good_
Katherine: _no nonsense women(flame emoji)_
Kelly: _Sage, though you should like to keep trying to get her to open up_
Sage: _I can’t guys(sad face emoji)_
Kelly: _yes you can Sage_
Sage: _she doesn’t like me very much(laughing emoji)_
Heather: _well we like her a lot_

It’s more of the same as I go down, all about how they wanted me to be their friend, the effort I put into everything I do!

Sage: “I’m not just doing this for the team, I’m doing this for you Tracy, I’m doing this to be your friend, and I really want you to be mine or at least be happy because you deserve it”
I sit down and keep reading, it’s hundreds of texts about me, and when they finally do diverge they usually get back to me. I put Sage's phone down, and start to think, was I wrong, was I one conversation away from making friends, realising they actually liked me. 
Sage: “I know this is a lot to take in, but ummm where’s the restroom?”
Tracy: “.........”
Sage: “Tracy! (she snaps her fingers in my face) bathroom”
Tracy: “uhhh uhhh down the hall, last door straight”
Sage: “thank you, I swear you’re a zombie sometimes”
...........................
I walk back upstairs and soon curl up in bed thinking how much Time I wasted, memories I didn’t make
Sage beams in eating my dinner
Sage: “whoever made this lasagna knows their... (she notices me), hey your supposed to be happy (she sits next to me) want some lasagna, no? Okay because I am starving, this room is not what I expected, there’s a lot of pink, guess you and I do have something in common”
Tracy: “...............yeah I guess we do” I face my head into the pillow
Tracy: “nnnngmmgngn nnngngm”
Sage: “what?!”
Tracy: “a sonnngy a wang men to ngyou” Sage takes my pillow
Sage: “what are you saying?”
Tracy: “I said! (low voice) I’m sorry I was mean to you”
Sage: “cold is more accurate, hey do you have Diet Coke?”
Tracy: “umm no we have juice I think”
Sage: “ooh that would go great with this”
Tracy: “so umm guess you are sleeping over”
Sage: “I literally have no choice, don’t worry I’m not gonna disturb the beast of the house, I’m gonna sleep downstairs on the couch”
Tracy: “really, downstairs on the couch, no, you sleep here!”
Sage: “well thanks, ohh I wanted to warn you, I kinda like girls, so if I’m a bit flustered, it’s your big body okay”
Tracy: “big!?”
Sage: “oh my gosh girl, you’re like a train”
I smiled for the first time at Sage, and she gleamed as if she’d won something.
Sage: “oh my gosh you are sexy girl, let me make myself a coffee, and we can come talk”
Sage went down and I didn’t realise I could be this type of person, she took her time with her coffee and then quickly came back up, then undressed, completely
Now normally I’d have looked away, normally!, but I didn’t necessarily have the greatest experience with other girls, especially one this intimate, she took everything off and jumped into bed.
Sage: “right babe tell me about Jack.....”
Tracy: “really we just got to smiling terms and you want me to hit you with the bat again”
Sage: “okay I wanted you to say it let me, judging from how things are, he is dating Nancy, but you guys literally are next to each other in every class which makes me think, you guys were close, but I guess something got in the way of that, but it wasn’t something so drastic a change of desks was required, I also notice that you have pics of him around here, so you don’t hate him, you hate what he did, which was, I assume, dating Nancy, I’m still not sure what made you stop talking to each other”
Tracy: “stop!!”
Sage: “it’s better when the person themselves tells their story rather than me having to fish for clues like a detective”
Tracy: “dammit Sage can we like talk about something else”
Sage: “fine, tell me about your dad, he’s super sexy”
Tracy: “.....ha, you too huh”
Sage: “me too what”
Tracy: “one time, and don’t tell anyone, Kelly offered him her number because she thought he was my older brother”
Sage: “he does look young, for his age”
Tracy: “you should see my mom”
Sage: “and yet their girl looks like the most frightening yet sexiest girl in school”
Tracy: “Well... you know!” She flatters me!
Sage: “I heard that your mom is a news journalist, how’d someone like her meet your dad”
Tracy: “well umm, there was a crisis, mom was uhh, trying to catch any witnesses from a burst pipe, which flooded a building leading to the bottom floors collapsing”
Sage: “yeah Uhuh”
Tracy: “She got caught by the debris of the building when it completely toppled over, dad was one of the men who pulled her out”
Sage: “one of”
Tracy: “yeah one-off, she broke her leg and her wrist, she was lacking income”
Sage: “and dad came to the rescue”
Tracy: “surprisingly no, she tried to sue the firemen or the government for doing damage during their rescue, and that fell through she was really broke with lawyers’ fees”
Sage: “and then your dad came to the rescue”
Tracy: “nope, she had to take bank loans that she’s still paying, however, my dad was a witness in the court case, they met at a wedding and remembered each other from that”
Sage: “get to the good part, when did you become a possibility?”
Tracy: “I, hmm there are two different versions, but at the wedding they got drunk, things happened, but they continued seeing each other, Dad proposed one year later, mom says she was already pregnant, Dad says it was the night he proposed.”
Sage: “and almost a year later poof, and now you have two really young parents who almost look like school kids
Tracy: “Yeah, how do you know about my mom?”
Sage: “saw her on TV, I wasn’t sure but she has your cheeks, and well, she kinda does talk a bit like you, but again the portraits confirmed it”
Tracy: “right you’re really, observant like what the fuck, where’d you learn that”
Sage: “well I didn’t fuck my way into this school, I was specially recommended”
Tracy: “I thought you were rich”
Sage: “I am but daddy put some lock on it, I can’t get his money until I get a degree, I can use his stuff though”
Tracy: “okay cool ummmm, I’m done talking, I’m gonna sleep now, I’m exhausted from all this emotional revelation”
Sage: “okay so goodnight I guess” her tone, seems down.
Tracy: “is something wrong”
Sage: “no it’s nothing”
Tracy: “Are you sure”
Sage: “yeah! it’s nothing”
Tracy: “Sage tell me”
Sage: “just been a bit lonely, like yeah I talk to people, but your one of the few who I, think gets me or gets it”
Tracy: “well I don’t think I get you but I have an idea”
Sage: “yeah I can tell, so do you mind like holding me, as we sleep, I don’t want to send the wrong signals or anything, it’s just I need like warmth and you...”
Tracy: “I don’t know if it’s this is emotional manipulation but just for tonight since you seem to care about the team and well. Me”
She gets in the bed, and I spoon her, wrapping my arms around, I close my eyes and sleep, now I don’t know if anything happened that night or not, I did wake up and Sage was gone, the next morning, but I’d had a weirdly sensual dream, I ignored it and just passed it off as simple coincidence. Sage never stopped probing about Jack, and occasionally she’d come sleepover, she would bring friends and soon those friends came alone, and just like that, I was a part of the click, the sports team group. It almost seemed like life before this never existed........


Now Sage is different, I have always been her close friend, but she seems more and more obsessed each day that passed. The thing she did with Alice, was a bit evil I thought, but I never question Sage these days, she gave me a social link and that’s more than I can ask for.
Those were the events of last year
Now in our final year who knows what will happen

Sage
Soren was interesting, I don’t know, this was a short plan, but Soren, Soren was proving someone really loyal, Roxanne heard he and Tony had a disagreement about me. Roxanne has great influence over Mikael and she can usually get good information. Tony still hangs out with Soren but it seems people believe our love, isn’t real, I understand why they would say this, but at the same time, I wouldn’t say it isn’t. The first thing that must be understood is that Soren was never just for the election, Soren has a huge amount of power in this school, he doesn’t know it yet, and until he does I need him around. For now, though time to play good wife, guess I knew this day would come sometime.
Soren had joined me and the girls for lunch, it wasn't overly crowded, since weekends are the only time students who have residence, can leave campus. There were enough though that things we do here would reverberate the school. Soren was discussing the election as things heated up. 
Soren: “I just think it’s funny, the way it works, runoff elections”
Katherine: “yeah but it makes sure that votes aren’t wasted”
Soren: “yeah I’m sure, when’s the first balloting”
Sage: “a month”
I needed to get the boys to see that what Soren and I have is real, what better than an accidental, accidental in quotes sex tape, however, let’s start small with a display at the cafeteria
Sage: “Soren! Baby”
Soren: “yeah!”
Sage: “kiss me”
Soren: “wait Sage....”
I don’t hesitate, I jump on him, and he holds my thighs, I am wearing a short skirt, and so he has only skin to touch. I can tell it’s his first kiss, but I guess being watched excites me.
His lips are soft, he smells like coffee and his breath hints of meat. My first kiss with a guy
Tracy: “stop you two, I never thought I’d see the day”
Katherine: “Me too?”
The boys finally start whistling and howling in the distance, weekends are always like this, but the boys never get a show, until today. After a while, I give Soren a breath.
Soren: “right well umm that was”
I whisper in his ear as seductively as I could.
Sage: “don’t think I don't feel that thing between your legs”
Soren: “not a bad first kiss, right”
Sage: “for me, it is, for you the best ever”
Soren: “you overestimated yourself”
Sage: “you underestimate me, now we’re doing first today, you’re gonna be my first”
Soren: “I’m not ready Sage, please I need” 
Sage: “baby I’ve been waiting so long already”
Soren: “it’s been a week”
Sage: “an eternity in guy terms”
Soren: “I just want things to go slow”
I was aware Soren was a bit vulnerable but I wasn’t gonna take no for an answer
Sage: “slow is boring”
Soren: “ugh Sage can’t you find a girl to take care of you”
Sage: “I can add a girl to take care of you”
Soren: “so that’s interesting but my first time will be Vanilla”
Sage: “don’t make me do it”
Soren: “do what”
Sage: “make it very difficult for you to be anywhere near me”
Soren: “more intimidation”
Sage: “baby I’m not trying to scare you, you’ll like what I do, I promise?”
Soren: “seducing me? how do you know I will” I am still very close to his person, I moved his hands to my ass, and moved my chest into his body, and fortunately this too had a cleavage
Soren: “Sage please stop”
Sage: “you know how”
Soren, at first was hesitant but he slides his hands down my skirt
Sage: whispers “getting close, to the treasure, I bet you know how moist it is down there” Soren can only stare into my eyes, he’s forgotten we’re still at the cafeteria, he spreads my ass, clearly enjoying my soft butt
I started rubbing my chest into his, my nipples were hard, Soren was about my height so I could hold my gaze.
Soren: “come on, you can stick a finger in”
I’m waiting for him to do so, and he does, he moves my panties slightly, and he fingers me with just his digits, it feels so good, and a gasp into his chest.
Soren: “oh my gosh you are moist, I thought you were a lesbian”
Sage: “I thought I was, but I realised I was a bi some time ago”
Soren: “because of me?”
Sage: “that night, in your room, I realised I love you, it’s a different kinda love, like a big sister type of love, but I also find you attractive, it’s your kindness, it reminds me of me sometimes, so I guess it’s like I love myself”
Soren: “kindness? I don’t know how kind I am”
Sage: “it’s a *moan*, it’s a *moan* it’s hard to spot *moan*, fuck can we go finish this in my room or your house”
Soren: “I didn’t think you’d be so sensitive, Katherine said you’re not very loud and yet you have to shove your mouth into my chest”
Sage: “it’s been a while, I needed this, I need more of this now”
Soren: “I don’t know, maybe I should make you wait” he begins rapidly flicking his finger, I’m so wet a sound develops
Sage: “Soren please, please”
Soren: “I mean I am not the desperate one here” the kid turned the tables
Sage: “are you kidding, fuck me Soren” Soren puts an entire finger inside me
Soren: “soon Sage, but for now, let’s get you to cum in public” It was likely I released a monster
He’s fingers more rapidly, I feel like screaming but just shove my mouth again into Soren’s shoulder, soon I have a loud gasp, that the boys who were no longer interested in us when we stopped kissing, they heard that, a few seem to be aware what just happened based on where Soren’s hands were. I closed my legs, and try to keep my balance
Sage: “I hate you so much”
Soren: “I love you so much”
Soren managed to avoid this but at least the boys were able to see some form of sexual act!
Katherine and Tracy had also left us alone, I guess they got bored, or maybe they got horny, I grab on to Soren
Sage: “carry me to my room, ‘I can’t walk now”
Soren: “whatever you say, Sage!” he laughs aloud, I rarely ever see Soren this happy, unless when he's playing basketball. I don't think I will forget this moment. 


Bridgette
Mandy: “what do you think about Soren?”
Bridgette: “I think every guy in school has a bro crush on him”
Mandy: “I heard that he likes my butt”
Bridgette: “I heard he is dating Sage”
Mandy: “he is, but, I kinda think he’s cute, so I’m a bit sad he’s already gone off to some girl, or the girl, just my luck”
Bridgette: “be happy, I told you you're sexy these days, maybe as sexy as me”
I am still testing my makeup and I don’t notice Mandy has suddenly gone really silent, I turn and see she’s really upset about this
Bridgette: “hey, listen, there will be plenty of guys, you know come on, be happy, Dee, get up” I stand her up, walk her to the mirror
Mandy: “what do you want me to see?”
Bridgette: “I want you to see what you have, something that girls dream of, you have the best curves”
Mandy: “you are just saying that B”
Bridgette: “so what if I am, all that matters is you believe it, believe in yourself D, your my girl, and we don’t let guys upset us, Mr right is right around the corner, we just have to find him”
Mandy: “how do you know we will?”
Bridgette: “I don’t, yet what I do know is that I have you, and we have fun, together, and no matter what I will never leave you”
Mandy; “you’re the best B”
Bridgette: “I know, now, face the mirror, I want to do your face again, then we take the pictures since someone got the perfect shade and decided to tear up and run the mascara, smear the shade we took an hour to get”
Mandy: “sorry B, damn!”
I sit D down, and we start the process all over again, a least this time it's quicker because I know what to do.
Bridgette: “I am not doing this again!”
I do myself, Mandy seems happier since our pep talk judging by the endless selfies she is taking, but It's the weekend. We decide to go to school with my dad who had a faculty meeting,
The plan is we’d meet our friends, Nancy and Kelly

Nancy was a Caucasian, she had short dark hair, was shorter than both Mandy and me, Kelly also had brunette hair, it was long and straight, and was the tallest of all of us.
It used to be just me and Mandy, but K and Cee were always around, we just lived far apart.

We immediately spot each other in the parking lot.
Kelly: “oh my gosh who did you face (she reaches to touch Mandy’s face who smacks her hand away) it looks so good”
Mandy: “mess my makeup and pretty sure Bridgette will kill us both” yes I would.
Nancy: “do me next, come on!” We are dragged to the girl’s rest room, I take out my kit, and begin working on Nancy
Mandy: “Jack around?”
Nancy: “no he had to go see his grandparents this weekend, might not even make it back Monday”
Bridgette: “don’t move”
Nancy: “sorry B”
Kelly: “D, though, that Soren guy”
Bridgette: “change topic K, now”
Kelly: “why”
Mandy: “it’s okay B, just... I can handle it”
Kelly: “alright I guess silence it is”
Kelly looks annoyed, or it feels like she is, I can’t tell as I scramble to get Cee looking pretty
Nancy: “well I’m not allowed to say anything”
Bridgette: “don’t talk!”
Mandy: “I know, I saw Mr Smith yesterday”
Bridgette: “where!!”
Mandy: “he was shopping with his daughter, Tracy, but you were right K, he is the DILF of my dreams”
Bridgette: “he is the DILF of the year”
Kelly: “you should meet him in person, that deep voice, those eyes, I can’t get enough”
Bridgette: “how lucky is Tracy’s mom though! if I married a man like that, I’d never leave the house, daughter or not”
Kelly: “Tracy told me they have debts to pay, so she got some overseas job”
Mandy: “debts are they in trouble”
Kelly: “no-no, they aren’t like that bad, she says in about a year they’ll probably be paid”
Bridgette: “but Tracy still hangs out with Sage, I wonder why”
Mandy: “didn’t she quit the basketball team”
Kelly: “she still does the wrestling, she quit basketball because well, she said it was a way to deal with her mental state, she actually hated the sport”
Mandy: “but you guys loved her”
Kelly: “all the more reason she quit, she played well, but she just didn’t want to let us down, in terms of chemistry”
Bridgette: “sad”
Nancy: “B can I talk now”
Bridgette: “ugh I’m trying to work quickly, it took an hour at home, I can do you in a few minutes if you’re quiet though”
Nancy: “I just wanna say, I thought Tracy was with Sage because they were like a threesome couple, with Katherine”
Kelly: “Tracy isn’t a lesbian”
Nancy: “she looks like one, I mean she’s so big and muscular you think”
Kelly: “no she likes guys”
Nancy: “why didn’t she date Jack?”
Bridgette: “didn’t you Jack that”
Nancy: “he said they drifted apart, I thought Sage came and took her away from Jack”
Mandy: “no Sage was close to them after they stopped being friends”
Nancy: “that’s wow, like”
Bridgette: “I mean it wouldn’t surprise me if their drifting had anything to do with Sage”
Kelly: “come on Sage didn’t do it, I remember when she became close friends with Tracy”
Bridgette: “I’m just saying, Sage, is Sage, plus, looks like she’ll become student body”
Mandy: “no way Joana has it in the bag”
Kelly: “it’s gonna be Nathan”
Nancy: “yeah, Jack also says it’ll be Nathan”
Bridgette: “Jack is biased, he’s a guy”
Kelly: “no it’s just the guys don’t really trust Sage so”
Mandy: “but it’s a runoff election, Sage needs to beat just one other person”
Nancy: “she most likely will, I mean Sage is really known to get what she wants”
Mandy: “it’s amazing how often she’s talked about at school though”
Bridgette: “I know, you can’t go past a single hallway without hearing her name”
Kelly: “do you blame them, she’s sexy, smart, sly, witty, can even lead, she’s like the queen of this place even without being head girl and student body”
Nancy: “it’s hype, she’s not that amazing”
Bridgette: “I agree with you Nancy, I just think her image is super strong”
Mandy: “I guess so but you know that it’s hard to disprove most of what people say about her”
Bridgette: “how is Dommy, Nancy?”
Nancy: “no clue, haven’t seen him in a while, hopefully, will run into him today”
Mandy: “what up with you two, why’d you act like he’s your side guy?”
Nancy: “I guess because he kinda is, we used to be benefits before Jack”
Kelly: “oooh juicy, I guess I’m gonna take up the role”
Nancy: “girl please don’t, I need to umm, get used to seeing him with other girls, so give me some times, or lie to me about what you guys did”
Kelly: “anything to you”

We leave the bathroom after I finish Nancy, Kelly says she’s good and we find my dad

Mr Eric Daley: “you’ll be fine here with the girl’s?”
Bridgette: “yes daddy”
Dad: “see you soon B, love you”
Bridgette: “love you too”
Mandy: “bye Mr Daley”
Dad: “goodbye”
He drives off...
Nancy and Kelly come over
Nancy: “where do we go now?”
Kelly: “I guess we can walk around the school, find a quiet place to smoke.”

Dominic
Practice was good today, Soren was really linking well with the team, and I was getting my shots in. In the team, though I was only really friends with Tony, and I guess we hadn’t spent that much time together, but he stayed on campus and I didn’t, we left the gym later that day. We ran into familiar people.
Nancy: “Dommy!!”
Nancy was in the school parking lot, walking with her friends, she ran over to us, excitingly jumping on top of me, before kissing me relentlessly on my cheek
Dominic: “stop before you get Jack upset”
Nancy: “he knows I love you”
Nancy, Jack, Tony and I grew up on the same street, Nancy moved away but recently came back to the neighbourhood and learns with us at school. She had a nice attitude about her, even as a kid she was always positive.
Tony: “Cee, nothing for me”
Nancy: “see with you I have to control myself, might accidentally put my mouth where it shouldn’t be”
Tony: “Is that so” she walks past me and Hugs Tony
Nancy: “it’s just Dommy distracted me, but miss you too Tony!”
I tickle her and she immediately flinches
Nancy: “I told you not to do that”
She chases me and I hide behind Tony, we're like cats and dogs. I use Tony as a human shield, playfully dodging Nancy's attempts to catch me.
Nancy’s friend’s catchup with us
Tony: “K....B....D”
Bridgette: “I see you still looking good Tony”
Tony: “you too B, D love the makeup”
Mandy: “thanks”
I eventually hold Nancy down,
Dominic: “Nancy please calm down, I want to say hie to D”
she tries to bite my hands and continues chasing me, I stop running and hide behind Bridgette, B has huge intimidation about her, and Nancy glares at me and goes to stand in front of Tony, she grabs his hands and wraps herself in them
Nancy: “keep him!”
Dominic: “keep her!”
Kelly: “you two don’t stop do you?”
Mandy: “no they don’t”
I turn B around and hug her, it turns into a group hug as Kelly and Mandy join.
Dominic: “this feels nice”
Kelly: “its three girls, what did you expect” the group hug gets bigger with Nancy hugging me from behind and Tony hugging Bridgette
Bridgette: “we should chill and talk guys, I miss this, being with my friends”
Dominic: “curfew is late today, we can get beers from Soren, chill at the fountain”
Kelly: “that would be super cool, we’ll meet you there okay”
We say our goodbyes, Tony and I get the beers from Soren's place

We return to find the girls already starting smoking by the fountain.
Nancy: “Dommy! Nancy runs up and jumps on me again, I almost drop the bottles”
Tony: “a bit crazy this one”
Mandy: “it’s Nancy doing Nancy things”
We seat on the grass, the water fountain nearby, and it becomes a smoker’s party and the conversations become spicy.
Bridgette: “D, Dommy, smash, pass or don’t pull out”
Mandy: “you know it’s don’t pull out B, I mean imagine how cute Dommy's kids would be”
Nancy: “you leave my Dommy alone”
We all laugh, Nancy is seating on top of me now and seems to randomly kiss my forehead, or cheek, especially if I make her laugh, she got drunk at bottle 2 and she’s on bottle 4
Nancy: “you’re the sexiest men alive you know that, if I didn’t have Jack, I’d shove my ass in your face”
Kelly: “that’s enough for you” she takes away Nancy’s bottle, Nancy tried to reach for it and falls over, she's knocked.
Tony: “Bridgette where’d you get this joint anyway”
Bridgette: “I know a guy”
Tony: “know you don’t, Bridgette you have no plug”
“Owwwwwwww” the group seems to take that as a cold diss
Bridgette: “okay fine, it was a business associate, from daddy’s company”
Tony: “ohh your dad by way, I hear he got promoted, you wouldn’t know how that happened”
Bridgette: “no”
Tony: “hmmm”
Mandy: “I mean what can two girls possibly do to influence that”
Dominic: “who is to say?”
Kelly: “I feel I am not understanding what’s happening”
Bridgette: “you’ll get it soon K”
Kelly: “no I won't”
"hahaha" we all laugh at how true that is
Tony: “you’re probably right”
Dominic: “I need to take a piss” I walk behind the fountain and accidentally kick a bottle, I walk around and pee inside, after a long dispense, I return to the group seating in a circle
Dominic: “what’s going on?”
Bridgette: “we got an idea from the bottle you kicked, let’s play spin the bottle, come sit next to me”
Since Nancy is out, it’s just us 5
Bridgette: “Rules are simple, spin the bottle, kiss whoever it lands on”
Kelly: “okay what if it lands on myself, so I what, masturbate”

Bridgette: “no you spin again” Hilarious
Kelly: “sorry I’m a little light on umm brain Cells”
Bridgette: “who’s first?”
Mandy: “me, me!”
Mandy spins the bottle and it lands on B
Mandy: “ohh like we haven’t done this before”
Bridgette: “second nature, come here D” Mandy crawls towards Bridgette on her hands and knees, they kiss just like that with Bridgette placing her hands behind Mandy’s head, their kiss is soft and slow, they savour each moment, and Bridgette momentarily stops to see if we’re all still watching before continuing.
Soon they hesitantly separate and Bridgette crawls back to her place
Bridgette: “sorry boys, you’ll have to pay us for more”
Mandy: “and then some”
Kelly: “my turn” Kelly grabs the bottle, spins it and it lands on herself
Kelly: “I knew it” she begins undressing
Bridgette jumps to stop her
Bridgette: “no no, Kelly, just spin again”
Kelly: “by the way you said that silly me” she spins the bottle and it lands on Tony
Kelly: “yay, didn’t want to kiss a girl”
Bridgette: “I’ll taste you eventually, go on ahead”
Tony: “come here!”
Kelly walks around us and is on her knees, as Tony is seated down, they kiss immediately, Kelly puts her hand on his chest, Tony holds her neck, moving her hair out of the way so we can see. They kiss deeply, it gets more passionate as time passes, with their breathing getting louder, subtly Kelly sneaks her hand inside his shirt to get a proper feel of his chest.
Bridgette claps very loudly
Bridgette: “hey hey you two, there are others who want to kiss you” they immediately stop
Kelly: “my bad” Kelly kisses him one last time Kelly: “hmmm that was good”
Bridgette: “guess it’s me” Bridgette spins and it lands on.......me!
Bridgette: “woo hoo”
Bridgette doesn’t waste time, and jumps all over me, being highly aggressive with her body, she smells really good, and her tongue is so seductive, I’m entranced in our kiss, unfortunately, her jumping on me meant I was now underneath her, and she was sitting on top of my dick, maybe that was the intention, it felt good though, she licked up and down my mouth, and would gently bite my tongue, in a low voice she’d say
Bridgette: “I can feel your hard dick poking my jean, hmmmn”
Soon though she gets off me, I only noticed now that Bridgette had untied her blonde hair and let it down
Tony: “good you two were done, I really thought you’d have sex over there” Tony spins the bottle as I try to compose myself but it lands on Bridgette again! Tony gets the exact same treatment and Bridgette jumps on him as well
Dominic: “whilst they do that I should probably kiss one of you, to make sure you don’t leave without having kissed me”
Mandy: “me first!”
Mandy crawls towards me, and her lips are soft, she moans in between kisses and sometimes separates only to lick my lips
Kelly: “me next” Kelly pulls Mandy aside and kisses me, she kisses deep and long, she pushes her tongue into mine, is touching my thigh meanwhile, I can only match her passion with mine and I push back
We do not notice Bridgette and Tony are done
Bridgette: “hey, you want a kiss you spin the bottle, hey!!”
We stop after a few more moments
Mandy: “queen B to ruin the day”
Bridgette: “me! ruin the day, please”
Mandy: “awwww whatever, Kelly spin it, ‘it’s your turn”
Kelly spins it and it lands on me again,
Kelly: “yay, boys only, come here my love”
Mandy: “dammit”
Tony: “haha”
Kelly and I are already kissing and it’s just as before, deeply passionate, but I have my hands on her hips this time and rub just above her waist, she actually gasps and rides up as if begging me to go lower, it takes a lot of strength to stop kissing her, but I could Sense B! About to interrupt
Bridgette: “it’s you right Mandy?”
Mandy: “I don’t know, but whatever”
We spin and we land on me again!
Bridgette: “someone getting a lot of action”
Mandy gives a cute smile and walks over, she’s so soft, our lips touch and she doesn’t even open her mouth, she does it slowly, enjoying every moment, she sits on top of me and slowly moves her body against me, she probably my favourite kisser, all these small things she does add up
In the next spin, Bridgette finally gets Kelly, who is not a big fan of girls
But the kiss goes better than expected, Kelly says she was thinking of Tony and me while she did it, how it would make us feel
Many rounds later the girls are seemingly whispering amongst themselves

Tony: “what are they plotting?”
Dominic: “no clue”

Soon they look and smile at us
Bridgette: “boys, let’s make a deal, if you two kiss, we’ll continue this game naked”
we are a bit unsure about this
The girls laugh at the look on our faces
Bridgette: “we were hoping you’d do it but the bottle seems to not have that in mind, so we’re begging you guys, just do it”
I look at Tony who looks back at me.
Tony: “..................no”
Dominic: “what he said”
Bridgette: “please!!!”
“No” we both reply
Kelly: “I’ll let B eat me”
Dominic: “what!”
Bridgette: “really K, you’d do that’s”
Kelly: “Yeah, if it’ll make them do it”
Tony: “....that’s un.........that’s”
Mandy: “she doesn’t like girls and she is willing to let B, eat her, you don’t like guys and all we want is a kiss, come on more than fair”
Dominic: “..........Tony??”
Tony: “give me two beers”
Dominic: “why??”
Troy: “cause I want to be blasted drunk if we’re gonna do this”
Dominic: “dude”
Tony: “no one will know besides them, and are you not willing to see Kelly moan to a girl, I am!”
Dominic: “you sure bruh?”
Tony: “give me the beer, you better drink too”
I chug half a bottle, Tony quickly downs two and we awkwardly Position ourselves
We move closer and closer together. 
the girls can’t stop laughing,

Mandy: “just kiss each other already!!”
Tony: “it’s weird okay!”
Eventually I move closer and our lips meet, their softer than I expect no other body parts of ours are touching so it looks like random pecking
Bridgette: “tongue or no deal!”
I turn and make a frustrated grimace, but I feel it’s too late to turn back now, I open my mouth and Tony opens his, he tastes like beer, our tongues just whack each other and while I hate every moment of this, I decide to think of the girls, at least to make it decent, I start actually kissing sensually, no clue what’s going through Troy’s mind, but the girls suddenly seem to realize we are actually kissing.
"hahaha" they laugh uncontrollably which sort of greenlights Tony and me to stop.
Bridgette: “okay okay! stop you win, it was good very good”
Mandy: “is it weird that turned me on the most tonight”
Kelly: “me too, just to see me get my pussy licked”
Tony: “never again”
I shake my head
Bridgette: “don’t get upset, I know it’s emasculating, but for us, you just showed you are confident in your sexuality, and nothing makes a girl wetter than a guy so assured he likes girls, he can kiss a guy to see them do what he wants”
I don’t know about Tony but I immediately feel better
Kelly: “let’s make good on our promise” Kelly drops her jeans, and her panties, Bridgette seductively removes her top, Tony is now looking as well, Mandy turns and slowly drops her Jeans, Bridgette slowly removes her Bra, showing her perky breasts, and Kelly showed her petite body but stretching her legs
The girls were putting on a show and I struggle to keep up with who's removing what
Until all of them were naked standing right in front of us
Bridgette: “ready for the main event?”
  




Chapter 10
Brad
We met up and got into Marksens class, we do as good a job as any with one day to prepare a good presentation, with 3 members not participating for most of that time, two due to stubbornness and 1 due to idiocy. But Jericho saves the group, and the presentation wasn’t half bad, afterwards, Alex suggests we all go for drinks, the 5 of us, Ash, Janet and Jericho included. We seat in a cubicle oval-shaped seat, with from left to right Ash, Janet, Jericho, Alex and then me, it kinda meant I was straight in front of Ash, but I guess the rest were trying to separate us.
I'm not necessarily complaining, Ash and I only recently talked in context to the presentation and since then nothing direct. Janet and Alex have a lot to talk about and drive most of the conversations, I'm sort of stuck having to look in Ash’s direction and her also having to look at me, I guess soon we are looking at each other and everything outside the world doesn't matter, she looks beautiful, as she usually does, that's the nostalgia talking, but she makes me enjoy my time with her.
Alex: “Brad!”
Brad: “huh what?”
Alex: “Hello, I was asking you what you think of the fish, it’s really good right, they got the breadcrumbs through and deep-fried it”
Brad: “yeah it’s really good”
Jericho: “zoning out, it must be good”
Janet: “I can’t believe you’ve never been here before”
It doesn’t take me long to zone back in on Ash, she is unusually quiet, and still looking my way but trying hard to avoid my gaze.
Alex: “Brad, since you wanna pretend we don’t exist, switch seats with Jericho”
Brad: “what no it’s not that it’s”
Jericho: “let’s switch anyway”
Brad: “no guys hold on wait”
Janet: “come on Brad, switch”
Brad: “okay fine, it won’t make a difference though”

it made a huge difference........

Brad: “no, what happened was, we thought it was a cat, Alex said it was a cat”
Alex: “it was one of the things we had to bring in for the initiation scavenger hunt”
Brad: “so we took it into the training house, we were so drunk because I had the great idea of drinking the 50 beers within the few days “
Alex: “we were wasted for weeks, it wasn’t even funny, we did finish the beers in two days though”
Brad: “when we did bring the cat or skunk, Jason didn’t appreciate smelling that bad, we had to clean his room for weeks after”
We're all laughing now and it is always fun going out with Jericho and Alex, something we haven't done since arrival or the party actually. We finished and walked back to the car, Janet drove Ash and I drove the guys, we went ahead of the girls and got to campus quickly. Isis was waiting for me. Alex and Jericho did not wait up for me though.

Brad: “I missed you Babe”
Isis: “why didn’t you tell me you were going out”
Brad: “it was after when we decided to do it, I sent you a text right”
Isis: “you sent me a text, just that, a text, ugh let’s read it, going to drinks with the guys lol, see you soon”
Brad: “Yeah, what’s wrong”
Isis: “how about mentioning that your ex-girlfriend will be there”
Brad: “since when does she threaten you”
Isis: “when my boyfriend stops mentioning to me that she’s at events he’s going to”
Brad: “well yeah, she was going to be there, where else would she be”
Isis: “with anyone else not under the name guys”
Brad: “when I say guys, I mean everyone”
Isis: “and how the hell am I supposed to know that”
Brad: “your not, until now, so since you’ve realised that, do I now need to tell you if I’m going to walk past her on campus or tell you if she’s going to somehow see me in the library”
Isis: “I want you to tell me when you are going be near her for a very long time especially when your drunk”
Brad: “we started when I was drunk”
Isis: “see why I’m worried”
Brad: “what does that mean, it meant something”
Isis: “and so does she, to you, and she always will, so do yourself a favour and act like your aware she’s important to you”
Brad: “she’s not, I mean she is but not like you”
Janet pulls up and interrupts the conversation, she waves at me and Isis, Isis doesn’t wave back due to previous conversations but Ash runs into someone’s arms
Who is he?, do I know him? When did they start?
Isis: “I see she is important to you”
Isis catches me looking over
Brad: “babe I”
Isis: “Bradley make a choice before I make it for you, and be honest, not to me but yourself, do you love me or her, bear in mind you can’t be in love with both, not while she is so close to you” Isis walks away
Brad: “Isis,.....Isis!”
I watch her leave, and look back at Ash’s friend, this guy, I can’t make out his face but he looks familiar, they walk into their dorms and I am forced to walk into mine.......
I can’t sleep, and it’s obvious why, what Isis said, I mean, I broke up with Ash a few weeks ago, not years ago. Then why can’t I sleep, This needs a shrink
Brad: “Alex, Alex, wake up”
Alex: huh, what is it”
Brad: “Alex wake up, I need to talk to you”
Alex: “talk to me, what time is it... Brad it's 3 am, why aren’t you asleep”
Brad: “because I need to talk to you”
Alex: “no you ass, your issues had me have sleepless nights”
Brad: “And I want them to end so let’s talk come on”
Alex: “fine!!”
Alex gets up and walks to the fridge, he brings out a bottle of beer and water, he drinks the water first and then opens the beer
Alex: “you can’t sleep, because of Ash”
Brad: “well you always save me explaining why”
Alex: “well the thing is, I noticed you two, kinda funny how you guys couldn’t stop looking at each other”
Brad: “yeah Alex, but I want to move on, I want to get this thing behind me, why can’t I”
Alex: “well, it could be that you don’t really know why you broke up”
Brad: “we didn’t even actually date, or did we, I mean if you call the 24 hours between the first time she referred to me as boyfriend to the actual incident dating”
Alex: “wait to break a record there pal”
I lie back on the bed
Brad: “I don’t get it, we never really broke up, we just stopped talking to each other”
Alex: “then you dated Isis”
Brad: “yeah but that was because I needed to feel, in control”
Alex: “your awkwardness was too much to bear”
Brad: “maybe I don’t know”
Alex: “did you ever think that awkwardness was what made the relationship work in the first place”
Brad: “how I mean we were awkward but she made it funny”
Alex: “did you not think that’s why she liked you, you were both Awkward, both of you, especially considering you're the last person she’d have even considered awkward, you felt real to her”
Brad: “then why, did I, not feel, in control”
Alex: “what do you mean not feel in control?”
Brad: “it’s just that Isis and Simone gave me that feeling of being a man”
Alex: “that feeling huh, of being a man, and Ash didn’t make you feel that way how”
Brad: “I couldn’t”
Alex: "you couldn’t??”
I whisper
Brad: ” I couldn’t get it up”
Alex: “Ohh oh umm, well that explains a great deal. I guess it’s a combination of factors that made things go south, Jericho coming in and talking about your virginity”
Brad: “But Alex, this was it, the moment, me and her, if my body can’t respond to my heart, then maybe it was not meant to be”
Alex: “your body responds to anything and everything, it doesn’t mean that it’s in control, and sometimes there are mental factors we can’t account for”
Brad: “what ALEX!, I LOVE HER, WHAT MENTAL FACTORS!”
Alex: “the ones that exist because you love her, you're an awkward guy, you care about her opinion, and you focused so much on being in control, you forgot to be in the moment”
Brad: “things were going well, Alex, so well, how could I forget to be in the moment, that was the moment”
Alex: “Sometimes players drop the ball on their way to the N-zone”
I clutch my football
Brad: “football references huh?”
Alex: “listen, I know it’s not what you wanna hear, but did you really think Ash was gonna break up with you because of that”
Brad: “no Alex but I made a mistake immediately after messing up the night”
Alex: “you did, but that didn’t mean the relationship was over, you ended it when you attacked her”
Brad: “because I needed to get rid of all that frustration, and she was adding more asking me why, why?”
Alex: “she had every right to ask you why, but you denied her the truth, like I said, you knew she would forgive you, she's literally at this school for you”
Brad: “Alex are you saying I was wrong to break up with her”
Alex: “I’m saying you owe her an explanation, then no matter what you do it’s up to you, maybe Isis is better, because she allows your image of yourself to be expressed outward, whereas Ash brings out all your vulnerabilities”
Brad: “You're right about that”
Alex: “I am, but I’m also right in saying that your likely to have your vulnerabilities be brought out by her as well, I notice she didn’t sleep here tonight”
Brad: “she’s upset I didn’t tell her Ash was at our group thing”
Alex: “didn’t you tell her Ash would be there”
Brad: “vaguely, if at all, but wouldn’t it be a bit concerning if I didn’t tell her”
Alex: “what’s concerning is you agreed to go”
Brad: “was I supposed to say no ”
Alex: “you were supposed to show the side you want Isis to see”
Brad: “what, like say, hey Isis going to a dinner with my friends and Ashe will be there, deal with it”
Alex: “yes that’s what you want isn’t it”
Brad: “respect, but I’m not like that”
Alex: “no your not, Isis doesn’t know that, but guess who does”
I hit him with the football
Brad: “I hate it when you make sense, you should charge people”
Alex: “ouch! great, good morning”
Brad: “Alex........Alex.....Alex!”
Alex: “What!”
Brad: “who is that guy Ash hugged when she arrived”
Alex: “you're not gonna like the answer”
Brad: “who is it!”
Alex: “Ross!”
Brad: “.....................”
.......................................................................................................................


Ash
I had, had enough of Brad, the restaurant thing was weird, wasn’t it? The way we made it about us, people adjusting seats. Things were so different, from 2 weeks ago, I was about to have the best moment of my life with the only man I love and well...

Ross: “are you alright Ash, you’ve been really weird since the dinner”
Ash: “it’s nothing Ross it’s nothing “
Ross: “I hope Brad didn’t do anything, I really do”
Ash: “well if he did, I’d have told you”
Ross: “just forget that guy”
Ash: “Ross we talked about this, yes we kissed, yes you were there to help me with this Brad situation, but I was vulnerable and I warned you that you kinda capitalised on a weak moment”
Ross: “yeah I know that, but you’re, you deserve a better guy than Brad”
Ash: “and I’m guessing that Better guy is you”
Ross: “yes who else would it be”
Ash: “I want to give you that satisfaction but for now Ross you just, a great guy in my life, but what Brad and I share...shared goes beyond”
Ross: “can’t you see I’m trying to help you, guys like Brad don’t give a shit about girls like you”
Ash: “and what would you know about Brad”
Ross: “I was there when you fought with him”
Ash: “is that it, we had a fight in public and you got it all figured out”
Ross: “no, I see him with his new bimbo girlfriend every day while you, the person he supposedly loves suffers”
Ash: “it’s not that simple Ross”
Ross: “explain to me how it’s not”
Ash: “just.....just leave”
Ross: “Ash, please...., I didn’t mean to hurt”
Ash: “Ross......please”

Ross solemnly walks out and leaves me in my thoughts, I eventually dose off and time passes

Rachael: “get up Ash!”
Asumi: “Ashleigh!”
Janet: “Ashleigh!"
Rachael: “Ash, wake up”
Ash: “...hmm WHAT!!”

Rachael: “take a shower and get dressed, we are taking you out”
Janet: “hurry, or we’ll be late”
Ash: “late for what”
Rachael: “it’s an AP small party, our group was allowed one extra girl and we chose you”
Ash: “just leave me alone”
Rachael: “ oh no you don’t, I’m not gonna allow this to go on any longer”
Ash: “GO AWAY!!!”
Rachael: “listen you can kick and scream, I knew you’d be resistant but we will drag you there ugly as hell because we can’t put makeup on a moving body, so you can either do as we say or go looking like a clown”
Ash: “Why are you doing this to me”
Asumi: “you have been cooped up in this room, for 10 straight-days now, you go to class, come back and literally don’t go anywhere”
Ash: “yeah I was going through stuff”
Janet: “We are aware”
Asumi: “Ross has started showing up often, but it seems he doesn’t get to stay long”
Ash: “he knows I’m not ready to move on”
Janet: “then don’t use him to help you, kill the hope he has for a future with you, Ross is a great guy”
Rachael: “you sound like you have feelings for him”
Janet: “I didn’t say I did”
Rachael: “hence sound! like!”
Asumi: “guys, back to Ash, when you first arrived you used to explore the school, you were happy smiling, now it looks like you are just waiting to die.”
Ash: “guys how long does it take to get over a breakup with someone you’ve known your whole teen life”
Rachael: “it’s devastating, yes, but it’s one relationship, your very first, take it from me there we will be others which are just as painful”
Ash: “yeah I’m sure you struggle, with you, Alex and Rebecca around you literally have a choice of the two”
Asumi: “wait you said you and Alex have nothing going on”
Rachael: “we don’t”
Janet: “you kinda do, like you, seem to have an Uber crush on him”
Rachael: “no I don’t”
Ash: “yeah you do”
Asumi: “Ash, listen, stop changing the topic, we are going Ash, like it or not, we can’t allow you to keep doing this, we gave you 10 days, but we need to know we can send you back to your dorm room alone”
Ash: “is this about kicking me out”
Asumi: “yes but when we do our stuff, like bring guys over, you kinda mood kill”
Ash: “mood kill! Me, mood kill!”
Asumi: “I brought Trent over a few days ago, and I thought you’d read the situation and leave but you didn’t”
Ash: “so you want me to leave, fine”
Asumi: “we want you to be happy Ash, but understand it’s not all about you”
Rachael: “enough, Ash, listen come with us, we already asked Danielle to talk to you”
Ash: “how is she going to help”
Janet: “trust us, Ash, let’s make a deal, if you go with us, and listen to Danielle we won’t bother you again”
Ash: “hmm, really and I won’t have to move out right”
Asumi: “ugh fine, but if I can’t make out and fool around in this room, you might as well give me access to your old room, since Simone moved out, right?”
Ash: “yeah she is in AP so she moved out, stays here in the sorority”
Rachael: “I thought given the chain of events you’d want to create distance from Isis and Simone but you seem to be still close to them”
Ash: “I just didn’t want to be left alone, I’m so happy Danielle allowed me to stay with you guys”
Rachael: “we could have just moved back to our normal dorms but Danielle was willing to make an exception for you”
Janet: “speaking off, I heard from Rebecca that they were a thing”
Rachael: “oh yeah, I wouldn’t have guessed considering they seem to not like each other”
Asumi: “I don’t know, Rebecca doesn’t like most people, it’s weird to say it’s new with Danielle”
Rachael: “but it’s different with Danielle, it feels intense the way they trash each other”
Asumi: “who knows, maybe it shows they still have massive crushes on each other”
Rachael: “I doubt it”
Janet: “they broke up because apparently, Danielle was never into girls, she dated Rebecca to help her”
Rachael: “how would she help Rebecca by dating her”
Janet: “Rebecca was in denial of her feelings, Daniel had to make sure she was not so confused with who she is, so she sort of gave her the girlfriend experience”
Asumi: “well, I do get it but then they ended up breaking up and hating each other”
Rachael: “I guess the question is it worth sacrificing your friendship to be in a relationship especially if you know it’s not gonna go far”
Janet: “we don’t know if Rebecca would have actually been a lesbian if not for Danielle”
Rachael: “I guess so, she could have had some sort of mental issue, maybe she’d have done a sex change or something along the lines of trying to find other reasons for her actions or interests other than sexuality”
Ash: “guys please do I have to do this"
(I’m testing the warmth of the shower water)
Rachael: “yes, and given you don’t like girls, you will not enjoy me washing you, so go ahead and do it then we go”
Ash: “sigh”
Janet: “it’s a good history they have and I hope they get back together as friends”
Rachael: “have you met Rebecca, she’s got this pride thing, only ever vulnerable with Alex”
Asumi: “Alex seems to be really good at that”
Rachael: “at what”
Janet: “getting in your head”
Rachael: “well yeah he’s like, I can’t explain it”
Asumi: “you could stop blushing first”
Rachael: “me no, stop it you guys, every-time I say his name it’s always an angle of me and him”
Asumi: “well, I feel for you, if the guy a fell in love with was well tied up, and have a hard time not mentioning him to”
Janet: “I think he’s like that with everyone, makes it easy to fall for him”
Rachael: “maybe for someone like me, but I know Asumi has it hard for Paul”
Janet: “Paul?”
Asumi: “Rachael, I told you to keep that a secret”
Rachael: “well if you keep making fun of me, I’m willing to throw all bets off”
Asumi: “Rachael!” Asumi sounds angry
I hear a good amount of grappling from the room, as I take my shower, I try to still listen in to what they were saying though

Asumi: “okay look, he’s tall, like 6,5 and well if you’ve seen the number of short Asian men I’ve seen, it’s always refreshing to see a big guy.”
Janet: “so he’s Asian, is what I’m getting”
Rachael: “Asian American, Asumi get off me”
Asumi: “yeah, and he has this deep voice, I mean he plays on the school basketball team like, if Yao Ming was a remade as a teen in our school”
Janet: “this is a big cliche, our Asian friend crushing on the Asian looking classmate we have”
Asumi: “hey, don’t get me wrong, love me some black, white guys, but there’s something about men from home, you know, it’s deep within me, the heritage gets me”
Rachael: “we get it now get off me”
Asumi: “not until you admit you have a crush on Alex”
Janet: “good luck, she’d rather suffocate”
Rachael: “ohh Janet please get her off me”
Janet: “Ummm no, given I spend a lot of time with Alex, I want to know, do you have a crush on Alex”
Rachael: “Jesus Christ”
I finish rather quickly, not willing to miss this big moment, only wrapped in a towel, my body still wet but I rush over
Ash: “I have waited for this day”
Rachael: “really you too”
Ash: “like I remember the party when you both sat on the back of Brad's car like I genuinely thought these two are gonna fuck”

Rachael: “oh please...Janice called that day, and nothing was gonna happen”
Janet: “you are telling me, Alex walks into the room, grabs you by your ass and places you on the bed, you say no”
Rachael: “well......”
Asumi: “well?????!!”
Rachael: “okay I don’t crush but I might really wanna fuck him, like friends with benefits type fuck him”
Asumi: “Rachael!”
Rachael: “what?, okay look, the whole Janice loyalty thing put me off okay, like yeah he’s great but if I have to hear about Janice one more time, I’m gonna lose it”
Ash: “are you telling me his loyalty to his girlfriend made him unattractive to you as a boyfriend”
Rachael: “well, I know I can’t be like in a serious relationship at the moment and if anyone could have made me serious about it, it’s him, but then he’s so committed to this Janice girl”
Janet: “you say that like you don’t talk”
Rachael: “we do, and I guess we get along but I’m sure she knows I have a bit of an interest in her boyfriend”
Janet: “she’s coming tomorrow to see him”
Rachael: “yeah she told me, my point is like is Alex like a great guy, sure, do I wanna date him, I did, but not anymore, do I want one or two or many good nights with him and me having fun doing silly and sexy things, Yeah I guess so”
Asumi: “so you don’t have a crush on anyone, like I wanna be your wifey vibes crush, like me and my Basketball superstar future boyfriend”
Ash: “oh my gosh you and your Paul”
Rachael: “nope, well yes, but I don’t know if it makes sense and I don’t wanna say it here”
Ash: “tell us”
Rachael: “no I think we should get going how”
Ash: “tell us! come on!”
Asumi: “I got what I wanted but the lady wants to know”
Rachael: “so you won’t get off me”
Ash: “oh how the tables have turned, tell us”
Rachael: “but we have to go to the sorority party”
Janet: “I can call Danielle and tell her we’re gonna be late”
Ash: “tell us, Rachael come on!”
Rachael: “fine let’s stay here, I am good being in this position”
Asumi: “if you don’t tell us, Ash won’t go get help with Danielle, and you’ll be stuck with her in your room”
Rachael: “that’s fine, sure nothing to worry about”
Janet: “if you don’t tell us, I’ll tell Alex you sent a hate message to Janice’s Facebook page”
Rachael: “that's a lie come on, like Janet can you get Asumi off”
Ash: “tell us! tell us!, I want you to suffer like I just suffered”
Rachael: “ohh fine I have a crush on Brad”
Ash: “sigh” they all turned to look at me, but my face had already dropped, I felt liking crying again
Rachael: “look, I don’t wanna cause you more pain, but it’s just how I feel”
Asumi: “news to me”
Janet: “hmm me too”
Ash: “it’s fine, Brad is a handsome guy, I always knew he was, I was so lucky to have him, why did I even, why did I even try to make us date, we could have just remained friends and everything would be good”

They all gather around me, Asumi hugs me from the back, Rachael and Janet move my hands away from my face

Asumi: “it’s alright Ash, this happens sometimes, that’s why we wanna see you happy”
Rachael: “just come with us tonight and promise us you’ll have and a good time then maybe we talk to Danielle”
Janet: “this was supposed to be her surprise but she said she could fit you into AP”
I was shocked, I thought I’d never be in
Ash: “really, you guys, got me in, how Danielle would never”
Rachael: “I did it on the agreement that I become, the next head of AP”
Ash: “really Rachael, did you wanna be the head”
Rachael: “no but, I didn’t really care so, I thought, with us four it would be fun, you’d still have to accept the thing of course and well Isis and Simone both are part of it so, you’ll be seeing them and you’ll be seeing Brad maybe but I don’t want you cooped up like this”
I hug Rachael, tighter than I’ve ever hugged anyone
Ash: “you, all of you, are the greatest friends”
Asumi: “calm down, we still haven’t hazed you”
Ash: “what are you gonna do, make me kiss some guy, run around naked”
Janet: “your gonna kiss all of us”
Ash: “what else would it have been”

Rachael: “okay girl(she grabs my ass, I’m very uncomfortable with this situation but I’m guessing it’s what's in store) you’re gonna be kissing every AP girl, because we had to convince everyone to agree to do this, and given half of them are lesbians this was the punishment they thought made sense, another guy couldn’t be involved given your recent complications”
Ash: “every girl including Janet and Isis”
Asumi: “it was a very tough process, Danielle had to be on board,  and had to talk to the board, she claimed your mental health was at stake and given that she made it so the university had to take accountability for suicides, the university agreed so long as the AP girls agreed, so we had to get everyone to have a consensus, since embarrassing you is out of the question, and guys were as well, it only left what the girls could do to you privately.”
Rachael: “We had a tunnel of pain, dancing in front of the girls, a lot of other weird things”
Ash: “okay, I’ll do it, because all these explanations make me think, you clearly explored all the options”

Rachael: “the university treats all
Clubs as private entities and the university is like governing parties, they regulate the entry of club members, so when you missed the deadline, it meant we had to contact the university and try and plead your case, and by we I mean Danielle. She was unwilling because well, it doesn’t benefit her and she wants people loYal to AP, hence making me the head of AP next year guarantees your loyalty.”

Ash: “look at you, Mrs Politics here”
Rachael: “yeah yeah get dressed”
She grabs my ass again, but this time I can only giggle


Alex
Alex: “pass it to me”
Reece passes me the ball, and I try to manoeuvre it wide to the flanks, it was Friday and as tradition, The soccer boys and I alongside some of the other guys from various other sports were playing. It was not big on soccer but playing it, in real life or on console was always a fun experience. I awkwardly distribute the ball to Ethan who is put under pressure wide and returns it to me.
The game was low scoring, it was only 2-1 and were looking for an equaliser.
Tyler: “Man on Alex”
I was unaware someone was close behind me and it costs me the ball as they knock it away and rush back to defence, I try to catch up but they manage to overlap the defence and cross it across goal, the keeper missing the interception leads to an easy goal scored into an empty net.

Alex: “sigh *pant* *pant*, my fault”
Ethan: “Nah it’s mine, put you under unnecessary pressure”

I get a few cold glares from the other players including Reece. Not something too big but a bit demoralising, I play it safe the rest of the social game, and it ends that way when it gets dark and we can no longer see.
Floodlights are only on for the football games.

We run to the showers and change before going back to our rooms.

Reece: “I just think though that he just hasn’t shown up, when he joined us I was expecting us to run the league, we’re barely scraping by”
Tyler: “calm down, he’ll get good eventually”
Reece: “we don’t have time for that, he’s wearing the number 7, he needs to improve”
Alex: “I just think they aren’t using him properly”
Reece: “what more does he need, us to set up the entire team to help him perform, he's our best player, he needs to do better if we're to win the league”
Tyler: “he will, but I’m not complaining, as long as Ethan starts ahead of him”
Reece: “your belief in Ethan just being better”
Tyler: “He is, I mean, on his day, not today but on other days”
My phone rings...
Jericho: “hello, Alex, I need you to come to Jason’s house”
Alex: “what for”
Jericho: “Brad, he’s kinda had a bit of a disagreement with Ross”
Alex: “can’t you separate them”
Jericho: “well, normally I wouldn’t have called but when Brad's girl or ex-girl Ash is involved”
Alex: “ugh I’m coming okay”

Jericho cuts the call

Alex: “gotta go guys”
Tyler: “where?!”
Alex: “Jason’s party, where does that guy get the money to keep doing all this, anyway Brad and Ross seem to be exchanging fists”
Reece: “and how is that your problem”
Tyler: “you don’t even like parties but your friends with that guy, you don’t even like have, any things in common”
Reece: “I don’t get how they should pull you from your own life interests just to keep them under control”
Alex: “I just feel responsible, like I’d like to think they do the same for me”
Tyler: “That doesn’t mean they will”
Alex: “stop with the 3rd degree, I have to”
Tyler: “no you don’t, listen, you barely know Ross, you met Brad this semester, yes Jericho is there but he’s not the one in trouble”
Alex: “but he’s the one who called me”
Tyler: “to solve an issue that has nothing to do with you, doesn’t affect you in any way”
Alex: “it does, I have to see Brad every day”
Reece: “you're not his mother Alex, fuck sake, I’ve watched you play mediator for these people for weeks now, remember how for your presentation Brad literally was impossible”
Alex: “yeah and I forgave him for that”
Reece: “so, that doesn’t mean he’s earned your trust again, he blew you off, stop acting like Brad cares about you because he doesn’t”
Tyler: “you were angry for the entire week, you couldn’t play last weeks soccer match and it shows your rusty, you rarely ever lose the ball and even if you do, you never let it affect you”
Alex: “not everything is so cut and dry, Brad will realise eventually”
Tyler: “realise what, that he’s being an ass to you, I’m pretty sure he’s aware”
Reece: “Alex, look I get it, Jericho is the guy who was there for you, but you gotta understand that your an awesome dude, sometimes, and that these guys use you”
Alex: “they don’t use me”
Reece: “really, Jericho forced you to join the student council, although you didn’t want to you did it to make sure Danielle would actually get him out of suspension.”
Alex: “He wasn’t using me, he messed up and needed my help plus Danielle wanted me to join anyway”
Reece: “I bet, I bet it’s not even the first time you’ve bailed him out”
I think back to the time we started hanging out, how Jericho would break the rules and I’d take the fall sometimes to make sure he didn’t get seriously in trouble, but Jericho made me happy, Jericho and Jodie were my only real friends at the time”
Reece: “I know you know I’m right”
Tyler: “let’s impart some wisdom Alex, you can’t help everyone”
I’d just been treated to the same attack I usually give others, and they made good arguments. I realised at that moment though that I did this because I felt the pain of abandonment once, and even if they rely on me forever, I’ll stand by them.
Alex: “I may not be able to help everyone, but I can do my best”

I walk out and take an Uber to Jason’s house.

To find Jericho with a black eye., holding meat steak to the side of his head
Alex: “what happened, you said that it was”
Jericho: “it was, I took your job as the controller of Brad and this is what happens when you take one of Ross’s punches”
Alex: “Ross, did that! to you!”
Jericho: “yup”
Alex: “where’d Brad”
Jericho: “took off a few minutes ago with his car”
Alex: “Ross?”
Jericho: “he left as well, on foot, he leaves nearby”
Alex: “did they actually fight”
Jericho: “they grappled each other and threw a few punches, the best landing on this eye of mine”
Alex: “I’m sorry buddy, so you ready to go home”
Jericho: “let me ask you something Alex, how do you do it”
Alex: “do what”
Jericho: “deal with the bullshit, I mean it’s been a few weeks and I’m surprised you haven’t dropped us off or something”
Alex: “I’m committed”
Jericho: “it’s just funny, that you of all people are this patient”
Alex: “what’s that supposed to mean”
Jericho: “you got such high expectations of others, so to see you here”
Alex: “Tyler and Reece said I shouldn't come”
Jericho: “they are right, you probably shouldn’t have, but I’m glad you did”
Alex: “You wanna come back or??”
Jericho: “Nah, black eye or not, Simone is gonna kill me for getting in trouble again and she’s not at home now, so I can’t go for pity sex”
Alex: “ohh yeah AP party”
Jericho: “but talk to Brad, he’s got a problem, like a really big problem”
Alex: “did Brad start the fight”
Jericho: “actually Ross did, he poked the bear all night with a few lines, eventually he said, he can’t wait to get deep inside”
Alex: “I get the gist, and that’s what broke the camels back”
Jericho: “suffice to say I called you before that was said, it took a few of Jason’s guys to hold down Brad, Jason kicked me, Ross and Jason out”
Alex: “so how are you gonna go back in”
Jericho: “I’ll find a way, I left two cases of my very own beer in there, Jason can suck it, I want my beer”
Alex: “bye then!”
Jericho: “you have to help me”
Alex: “get beer, really, there’s beer in my room, come on”
Jericho: “there is but it’s not this beer, I got this from my German pen pal”
Alex: “firstly, you still talk to that guy? and second, you thought today of all days”
Jericho: “well, it’s just, I thought I’d have a solo night, having fun, I mean Simone wouldn’t be around so I wanted to not remember tonight”
Alex: “I think you have a drinking problem, your first beer was when you were”
Jericho: “12 Alex, but I’ll be the one to decide if I have a problem”
Alex: “I’m usually right about this”
Jericho: “I know, but this time your not”
Alex: “Jericho dude”
Jericho: “okay, listen just leave”
Alex: “but”
Jericho: “LEAVE!!, GO BACK YOUR NORMAL HOMIES”
Alex: “alright”
Jericho’s drinking problem has always worried, especially considering how he has little supervision from his parents. I need to be extra vigilant with how far he goes, I don’t think he goes a day without a drink.
I walk back to my room and lay back, my night kinda ended extra early, I was supposed to watching the Italian league with Reece and Tyler, but I blatantly ignored their advice, I felt bad.

And my phone rings, it’s not usually in this popular

Janice: “how is my baby!!”
Alex: “J, I’ve had not as eventful a night as others but still a big night”
Janice: “tomorrow night I’m gonna treat you to something really eventful”
Alex: “you spoil me babe”
Janice: “well you are the love of my life”
Alex: “you're the love of my life too”
Janice: “so babe, tell me what happened”
I go over the sequence of events from my breakfast to the soccer to the conversations with Reece, Tyler and finally Jericho

Janice: “sounds like your friends asking you to choose”
Alex: “no they aren’t, I mean I don’t know, is it wrong to be loyal to the friend you’ve known your whole life, over the friends who don’t put you in tough circumstances”
Janice: “I’d say babe, what kind of friend would try to make things easy, I mean people are who they are, they won’t change, you gotta accept them for who they are because they accept you for who you are”
Alex: “Yeah I understand what you mean babe, just I’m concerned that one day he’ll drag me into something, something serious”
Janice: “if anyone can get out of it, it’s you babe”
Alex: “stop making me blush, my job, you're stealing my job”
Janice: “Babe I’m blushing as it is, so don’t you worry, you're doing your job”
Alex: “how did your weekend work develop, you said you wouldn’t be able to get out of it easy”
Janice: “got Joana to do it”
Alex: “Joana?”
She sends a picture of this really thick girl black girl
Alex: “Joanaaaaaaa”
Janice: “hey hey hey, I just wanted you to see how she looks like should you ever bump into her, she’s sort of covering for me this weekend”
Alex: “in exchange for?”
Janice: “nothing, I’m good like that”
Alex: “the confidence is dripping out of my phone”
Janice: “well it’s not often I’m this excited”
Alex: “it’s only been a few months since I left”
Janice: “I’m not used to long-distance”
Alex: “we said we’d do it together and we will”
Janice: “your positivity babe”
Alex: “well I don’t get negative vibes with you”
Janice: “there’s something I wanted to ask you though”
Alex: “what is that”
Janice: “have you seen Jodie recently”
Uhhhhhhhh
Alex: “no, I haven’t seen her, weird question”
Janice: “no it’s just jealousy, plain and simple”
Alex: “it's one of those things about you I like, that need to have me all to yourself, well you do have me”
Janice: “I’ll never let you go”
Alex: “so what else has happened, how is the tutoring, any problems students”
Janice: “well, Alice for one seems to have improved immensely from our conversations”
Alex: “really? I thought she was stuck between choosing her boyfriend and exploring being a lesbian”
Janice: “she chose her boyfriend, Johnny, I guess all she needed was someone to talk to about how she feels”
Alex: “wow, if it was that simple”
Janice: “it’s not, basically that’s the story she told me, but I’m pretty sure she is having regular visits from a certain redhead”
Alex: “no, really, she’s doing it behind his back”
Janice: “it was kinda the only way Sage would convince her to keep seeing her, and in exchange for the visits and not telling Johnny about the relationship, Alice supports Sage's schemes”
Alex: “isn’t that what you would do, use your leverage to coerce people”
Janice: “I did it because I wasn’t happy with myself, with my life, had to find a passion and well, getting what I wanted was that”
Alex: “you make it sound like a whim”
Janice: “look babe, I know, I have put off telling you this, and when I arrive I’ll explain the whole story to you”
Alex: “including what happened to you and Sage”
Janice: “yea including what happened to me and Sage, but what I need you to know is that I did some awful stuff in school, I used people, made them hate their lives and well...I want to know if you can handle”
Alex: “no stop, listen to me, I love you, there is absolutely nothing you can tell me to stop me loving you, I haven’t pressed you about your past because I accept what happened, happened! Baby, please please”
Janice: “I know I have no right to feel sorry for myself, .....I just, I wish I hadn’t done all those things, played those games, treated them the way I did”
Alex: “babe it’s alright to regret, listen to me when I say, it doesn’t change the past and how I feel about us, you were young, we were all young, we still are and we will probably make more mistakes but babe, I love you, okay. The person you are now is much better than the person you were then..and I’m sure the people you hurt will forgive you”
Janice: “you think so?”
Alex: “do you remember our first night”
Janice: “*sniff* yeah, *sniff* *sniff*, it was, ummm it was months ago, but I remember it vividly, I sat on top of you and put on a show”
Alex: “that was the fun part, but do you remember the dinner, the way I looked at you”
Janice: “I do”
Alex: “how I looked at you”
Janice: “how you kept staring at me like I wouldn’t notice, I knew I was pretty but you certainly can flatter a girl with your eyes”
Alex: “I sense a smile on my girls face”
Janice: “well it’s a happy moment”
Alex: “how about when your sister caught us having ”
Janice: “oh my gosh, Alex don’t remind me, I was so embarrassed, I hadn’t seen her in like years and she shows up and that’s the position she sees me in, and on top of that she nows flirts with you like she’s your boyfriend”
Alex: “she’s your sister after all”
Janice: “what do you think, that my family is like that”
Alex: “I just think your family is a whole bunch of sexy people”
Janice: “hey hey mister that’s my mom your talking about”
Alex: “ohh my she’s got the biggest jugs I’ve ever seen”
Janice: “strange conversation ”
Alex: “I mean they are massive, and she’s like super thick, like this girl, Joana”
Janice: “okay Alex stop, ”
Alex: “imagine your dad, he must be the luckiest”
Janice: “Alex!, all these embarrassing talks, imagine if I talked about your parents that way”
Alex: “it’s not gonna be that bad for me, my mom is beautiful and my dad is the most handsome man”
Janice: “no...Alex we all know my Dad is the most handsome and my mom is the sexist milf”
Alex: “who’s having an awkward conversation now”
Janice: “babe though and I was in tears a few minutes ago”
Alex: “you were and now your laughing and smiling”
Janice: “it’s when you do these things, I just feel like pinning you down and sucking you dry”
Alex: “save it for when you come tomorrow babe”
Janice: “wait so I’m gonna meet Brad right”
Alex: “given what happened today, I’m not too sure”
Janice: “well... ohh so Soren is at the school now”
Alex: “really how is he doing”
Janice: “he’s dating Sage!”
Alex: “...............what did you do to that girl, is she trying to create a civil war in school”
Janice: “she has a lot of anger in her heart, and I don’t blame her all that much”
Alex: “when will it stop though, she seems to be trying to be a part of every aspect”
Janice: “I don’t know, I’ve no clue what she’s planning, but the only thing that makes me happy is you, and you’re very far away from her so, at this point”
Alex: “don’t say the only thing, there is one other person”
Janice: “ohh of course Dree Dree”
Alex: “how is Dree Dree and Wally”
Janice: “oh my godship it Drilly, Drilly is a great name for them, like because Walters dick will drill her pussy”
Alex: “okay... I didn’t expect you to get a new name for them, I’m sure Dree will like it, you never told me how you set them up”
Janice: “it was easy, I posted her pictures on a dating site, then interviewed suitors, surprisingly the one who I thought she’d like the most happened to be my good friend Walter who is a teacher here. It was more dumb luck”
Alex: “and they hit it off”
Janice: “like Rabbits Babe, like rabbits, they be fucking, for days, the week Walter took his off days, Dree didn’t turn on her phone for days, they are having fun”
Alex: “so when I say your family”
Janice: “fine point taken, but give her a break, she works hard, she doesn’t often get many opportunities to have some time alone with someone”
Alex: “maybe one day I’ll take vacation day”
Janice: “babe as soon as summer ends you’ll be with me, eating me, doing all those special things you do”
Alex: “, special”
Janice: “I promised I wouldn't touch myself so that I’m desperate when I arrive there, and here you are teasing me”
Alex: “you started it”
Janice: “I know but you are supposed to stop me”
Alex: “Are you kidding, I’m super hard, I couldn’t if I wanted to”
Janice: “well I’m now even more wet knowing that”
Alex: “This is one of those times where we are helpless to stop each other”
Janice: “why do I even call you, I always masturbate during or after the call, the last time I came, was with Alice when she told me of her thing with Sage”
Alex: “and she didn’t even, try to help you with that”
Janice: “the nerve”
Alex: “what a bitch, a beautiful girl busy touching herself and she forms absolutely nothing”
Janice: “and then she claims she’s confused about her sexuality ”
Alex: “or maybe she’s just a straight girl looking for attention”
Janice: “Nah jokes aside, I think she was turned on, but obviously she was already in a mess with her boyfriend because of poor decisions. So imagine sleeping with me as well”
Alex: “I guess she was not feeling cheating twice”
Janice: “you encourage me too much”
Alex: “I do it because I love you, plus, it’s easier if you're honest about it, you are young babe, I can’t tie you down, you are like a wildcat, if I want to keep you, I need to let you roam a bit”
Janice: “yet your happy not seeing anyone else, how did I get a guy like you”
Alex: “would you ever let me though, see another girl”
Janice: “I guess yeah, anyone but Jodie because that will create a few complications”
Alex: “really, that’s amazing, any girl”
Janice: “yeah, I have to know of course but if you control yourself, and maybe once a month or so, you can maybe sleep with one girl, because I can only do so much from here”
Alex: “but isn’t it dangerous to do what we do”
Janice: “I guess so, it’s just well babe, it easier than giving you a lot of my attention, I mean this is our first call-in days because it gets busy where we are”
Alex: “yeah but it’s not a big problem”
Janice: “it is for me, I mean, I won’t go around looking for partners,  and I know you won’t go around looking for girls as well, it’s just, we won’t be living together for maybe 4 or 5 years, we want to be married but we have to be patient, but then being celibate for months in between is just, unsustainable, Especially for someone like me”
Alex: “yeah you do love sex”
Janice: “and you love it too, but it’s not fair for me to do what I do and for you to just stand and watch”
Alex: “I see, well if you put it that way, in convinced”
Janice: “haha”
Alex: “what”
Janice: “just I’m not used to leading the way”
Alex: “you have more experience in relationships and people than me, I trust you”
Janice: “fuck, I’m horny again”
Alex: “you're always so excited, at this point I’m sure you’ll orgasm from the running hug you’ll give me”
Janice: “I want to give a stranger my phone, and when I arrive at the airport and see you, he’ll record me jump on you and kiss you”
Alex: “of course ”
Janice: “let me sleep babe, early flight tomorrow”
Alex: “goodnight baby ”
Janice: “night babe”


Ash

Isis: “Ashleigh, hey?!”
I don't know whether to spit on her or hit her
Danielle: “Ash, your fellow AP sister has greeted you”
I give her a puzzled look, Annie who is Vice President walks up to me
Annie: “we got Isis to agree to be nice to you, it would be very helpful, that this awkwardness between you to pass because you’ll be spending a lot of time together unless of course you no longer”
Ash: “no! No! I mean, (I smile) hello Isis, so good to see you”
we hug each other
Isis: whispers “I don’t like this any more than you do, but let’s put on a show”
She breaks the hug
Isis: “I’m so happy you're joining us, I feel we are gonna be best friends, I can tell”
Ash: “yes(fake smiles and all) I'm sure we will”
Rachael: “look at you, moving on!”
I give Rachael, a pretty intense look and continue the pageantry
Danielle: “now, let’s enjoy this night, this will be the last official meeting and after this, there will be relatively little AP activity for a few months.”

Danielle excuses herself from the lounge, she’s Managing AP restaurant, I was under the impression, we’d be having a normal get together but it seems the AP members are serving guests, and proceeds going to charity. Rachael, Janet and Asumi are among those serving, Isis and Simone are ushering. Although Rachael is here to guide me through the parts of AP house I hadn’t been. The people here are mostly prominent females in the town, judges, doctors. Since this is the last big thing for months it puts less pressure on me getting along with this girl, as she and Simone move away to snicker with themselves, I bet they are laughing at me, how I look, how they stole everything from me.
Rachael: “hey, you okay!!”
I give her a stern look
Rachael: “well, sorry”
Ash: “they make me so mad Rachael, they seemed so nice when I met them, and now”
Rachael: “don’t let it get to you, if it was meant to be, it’ll be”
Ash: “I’m sure you’d say anything to get me to stay”
Rachael: “look Ash, no one knows this but I’ve been there, where you were”
Ash: “that’s not really a surprise Rachael”
Rachael: “it well, it happened to me too, my boyfriend cheated on me with my best friend and I sort of gave up on the whole loyal relationship thing”
Ash: “so Alex’s loyalty hurts you because it reminds you of something you can’t, or you say you can’t have”
Rachael: “...umm yeah sort of, I just don’t like how he, he doesn’t seem to like, care for other girls yet he is always talking to other girls, no stories, no make outs, nothing, even when I was drunk, I thought I could get him to you know, touch me a bit, that night at Jason’s party”
Ash: “and it didn’t happen”
Rachael: “yeah we didn’t do anything”
Summer: “Hey, you two, umm Ash right, welcome to AP, Danielle wants to talk to you, Rachael, you're supposed to be serving, you can’t slack off”
Rachael: “right, right, umm, talk to you later Ash, if you’d joined us sooner you’d be able to serve with us, but since it’s your first time and today is particularly packed at AP house, we couldn’t risk you being overwhelmed”
Summer: “don’t worry, we’ll teach you the ropes soon, who knows, you can earn extra money serving at AP restaurant”
Ash: “okay, where’s Danielle?”
Summer: “past the kitchen in the storage room”
Ari: “Summer!, hey! I need you to take two entrees to table 9”
Summer: “I’m trying to collect Rachael, I’ll be right over”
Ari: “Janet says that if Rachael doesn’t stop babying Ash, and come do her job, she'll gouge her eyes out”
Rachael: “I'm coming damn”
Summer: “she really cares for you, doesn’t she, it’s not like her to shirk duties, anyway go talk to Danielle, I’ll show you where to go”
We walk behind, I see Asumi and Janet very occupied with orders, like a hard drilled team, we get to the storage room, Summer leaves me there and I knock at the door”
Danielle: “come in”
I walk in and it’s pretty dark, little in terms of light
I’m sorry for the lack of light, it’s not something I’m proud of but I keep forgetting to get someone to fit one in. Well given the state of our kitchen I can say I’ve done a lot, or a thing I did, tell me Ash is the AP kitchen good looking”
Ash: “umm yes ma’am it looks pretty clean”
Danielle is tall, well taller than me, it’s not something you notice but in this dark room but her figure is shown from the light coming from outside the room where I’m still standing
Danielle: “ohh, Ash, come in, I suggest you close the door, the room is a bit cold but we don’t want the food to be spoilt”
I walk slowly towards her, there is something about Danielle, especially without Rachael no longer here, she really is fully confident in herself. Danielle looks at me with what I assume is a smile
Danielle: “well, I appreciate any critique you have of me, so here’s your opportunity”
Ash: “what do you mean”
Danielle: “I’m not perfect Ash, I’m very, let’s say I don’t give more than I get, people say I tend to be cold to them, but I only do what’s best for what I’m responsible of, now I’m responsible for you, in a way, but I am concerned about your well-being”
Ash: “I...I understand Danielle, ohh by the way thank you so much for letting me use your laptop”
Danielle: “interesting story about that, there was a specific document in that laptop, usually I have a good memory but it seemed someone had gone through my personal videos, certain videos were asking to continue from where I left off, and the timestamps were certainly not where I left “
Ash: “ummmmmm”
Danielle: “Oh, and here I thought I was going crazy, someone going through my personal videos, I’m not really impressed with that ummmm though Ash”
Ash: “well... I kinda was looking for some dirt, but not to like exploit you, Danielle, it was just to see if you have a dark side, I don’t know what I'm saying, I’m sorry”
Danielle: “no it’s fine, I knew it would be uncovered eventually, I did consider deleting it before giving it to you, but I just can’t you know”
Danielle looks mightily concerned, vulnerable, never thought I’d see her like that
Ash: “Danielle you know I won’t tell anyone about them, right?”
Danielle: “have you told anyone!?”
Shit Brad, but I can’t let her get more worried
Ash: “no, I haven’t said anything to anyone about it”
Danielle: “...well if you only know it then I guess, I can trust you, but then it feels I’ve lost your respect”
Ash: “no-no, Danielle, I still think your super amazing, you're like wonder women. you got this Amazon vibe that’s, I guess if I was a lesbian I’d be on my knees”
Danielle smiles
Danielle: “I’m happy you see me that way, so, umm I’ve never talked to anyone about, what I did when I was younger, the day after I phoned Alex’s mom and quit being his babysitter out of shame”
Ash: “really, wait did you, I don’t want to ask this, but didn’t you put me in AP so that you could keep me quiet”
Danielle: “haha (she laughs hysterically) that would be a bit devious, no, your AP reinstatement, was All Rachael, Janet and Asumi, they forced a vote, your the only member to come after deadline day, ever, so your gonna have to prove yourself”
Ash: “ohh those guys I can’t believe they..they did that, but back to umm, the thing you did, did you love Alex, do you love Alex?”
Danielle: “back then, I wasn’t sure, he was...he was cute, he was adorable, honest”
Ash: “the line for Alex’s pants is ridiculous”
Danielle: “I do love him, he’s like my little brother, okay I have many brothers like three younger brothers, but with them, it’s more family, I care about their well-being and all, but Alex, Alex I can’t explain it, I just liked how he listened to me. He got really good at knowing how I felt before I told him, and I fell for that. Looking back now, I guess, I just liked the idea that he was all mine, I’d taken care of him, taught him and he had learned everything I taught him including things about me, how I like to be hugged, with his arms just above my ass, or how I enjoyed being told how beautiful I was almost constantly, or how he’d wear formal shirts because he knows I can’t resist the modern professional look"
Ash: “he thought he was making you happy but in reality, he was making you”
Danielle: “wet yes, he was getting me to like really want to do things”
Ash: “do you ever feel, you two could ever”
Danielle: “no, I like him, the man he is now, don’t get me wrong he drives me crazy, I remember the night I had to give him a place to sleep, he was so, adorable as usual, had to swim to cool off”
Ash: “Alex must have a love potion”
Danielle: “I just think he listens to women, I think the babysitting kinda made him Learn to do that”
Ash: “it can’t be that simple, it can’t just be listen to women”
Danielle: “obviously his height and he’s handsome face helps, but it’s not like he’s the most attractive men here, look no further than Brad, I mean he has.. he has the body, I sat with him for lunch once while he had a sandwich in his mouth, I couldn’t resist, I needed to see that model up close”
Ash: “you have no idea, imagine seeing that daily, he doesn’t even know he’s a hunk of man”
here”
Ash: “I feel it, but don’t worry, the room will cool us down”
Danielle: “, I see” we giggle together
Ash: “so is this what you wanted to talk about, why you appointed me”
Danielle: “no I promised Rachael I’d get you out of your slump and I will”
Ash: “well... what they did for me, getting me into AP”
Danielle: “well yes that was the whole point, to make sure you're fine. But we need you to be able to stand on your own, without AP, because AP will not always be there for you, but you have yourself to keep you up, the Brad thing, the way I understand it, is Brad cheated after your night ended a bit early, and then blamed you for cheating”
Ash: “basically”
Danielle: “is Brad a good person”
Ash: “I don’t know anymore Danielle, every part of my body says he isn’t but my heart won’t believe it”
Danielle: “you’ve known him for your entire high school life, I’d suggest your heart is right”
Ash: “well why else would he do what he does”
Danielle: “judging by how he acted when I spoke to him, the fact he’s still friends with Alex, and how things went, maybe he felt he let you down and is trying to protect you from himself”
Ash: “really, but why would he, protect me, I love him, and worse he's dating that girl”
Danielle: “that girl is a barrier to keep you away”
Ash: “you think Brad still wants to be with me, or he loves me so much he actually doesn’t want to be with me because he thinks he’ll hurt me”
Danielle: “maybe, if he truly didn’t love you, then there must be something that happened to make him not love you anymore”
Ash: “well there was the Prom”
Danielle: “prom, your high school prom, what happened, did you cheat on him with someone else”
Ash: “We weren’t dating and I decided to go with someone else”
Danielle: “wait what, how, wouldn’t you go with the person, your closest friend if you were single, wait! was the other guy your boyfriend at the time”
Ash: “no he wasn’t, Brad hadn’t asked me so I was afraid he would ask someone else so I ended up being afraid of being home alone at prom”
Danielle: “why didn’t you just ask him”
Ash: “well... we, both me and Brad have this thing where we wait for the other to make a move”
Danielle: “ohh, I see and so on the night you left with that guy”
Ash: “yes but we didn’t do anything, we didn’t kiss or have sex nothing, I was too hurt”
Danielle: “did Brad bring someone with him”
Ash: “he went alone, he did win prom king though, but his face when he received the crown, he was so sad”
Danielle: “you knew you’d messed up, although it’s kinda his fault too”
Ash: “yeah, the guy I loved most in the world, was dateless and here I was with a guy I had no interest in and had asked out due to peer pressure”
Danielle: “so how did you end up here, with him”
Ash: “I asked his mon where’d he was going for varsity, and well you can guess the rest”
Danielle: “so you never saw him after-prom”
Ash: “yeh, first time I saw him since was on this campus day of orientation, he’d been here weeks prior though for football”
Danielle: “how did he react, was he happy”
Ash: “he seemed, surprised more, and then he slowly walked towards me, then he was like hey Ash, I melted, I said hey prom king, and that’s where the prom king nickname started”
Danielle: “okay, I don’t think the prom was it, because he approached you, the pain from that night, he got over it and saw the second chance”
Ash: “then I don’t know what else Danielle”
Danielle: “hmmm maybe there were signs, when was the first time he seemed not to be in love or maybe unattracted, maybe something about you changed”
Ash: “nothing about me changed, like really, I have been the same, ever since, okay...there’s one weird thing that happened”
Danielle: “Which is?”
Ash: “he...he ...was soft once, okay the very first time we tried to have sex”
Danielle: “I’m sorry, that must be difficult to swallow for you, I mean yes it’s embarrassing for the man, but it’s also very embarrassing for the women, not being able to turn him on, it does shatter your confidence”
Ash: “yes it does, it does really hurt but...I tried to get over it, but when I heard that he, slept with not one but two girls, I get it I can’t compete with two girls, but, still, I felt, I wasn’t enough”
Danielle: “really interesting, really interesting, very weird sequence of events, did you think, that the sex was overvalued”
Ash: “what do you mean”
Danielle: “listen, sex is a part of a relationship, yes, but so is communication and honesty and transparency and understanding and trust and all that other stuff, and when you put too much importance on just one aspect, you ignore the importance of others, on top of that if that one aspect fails, the whole relationship fails”
Ash: “so we tried too hard to have sex”
Danielle: “most likely, it was In the back of a car if I’m not mistaken”
Ash: “yeah I guess we were sort of excited because we’d sort of become an official couple”
Danielle: “You had the entire semester to fuck like rabbits and you chose that party with barely a free room to do it”
Ash: “I wish your criticism had come sooner, but I’m not the one who cheated, when it happened I told Brad it’s okay, that we’ll try again soon”
Danielle: “Brad was embarrassed, and pity doesn’t hide shame, it fuels it, true pride comes from humility, and acceptance of strengths and weaknesses”
Ash: “so what was I supposed to say, that he sucks in the sack, that he has to do better”
Danielle: “you were supposed to let him pleasure you with something else, his mouth, his hands, sell him on the idea he can make you happy regardless of whether he is aroused or not”
Ash: “ohh really, and he wouldn’t be embarrassed”
Danielle: “he’d be embarrassed but less so, maybe he wouldn’t have gone back to the part and met with Simone and Isis”
Ash: “shoulda coulda woulda”
Danielle: “hindsight, yeah I get it, Brad still loves you though, it’s clear, the question is are you gonna fight for this guy are let him go”
Ash: “..................”
Danielle: “the thing is, I would have been happy with you no longer caring for Brad if you continued to take care of yourself, but you seemed so defeated, it seems your will power and love for Brad are linked, and I don’t think you’ll be happy not putting up a fight”
Ash: “so what do I do, go to Brad and say take me back and I’ll make sure you the happiest man alive”
Danielle: “I’m saying, it’s not over, I’m saying Isis is a wall, and your gonna get over it, not by hiding in your room watching Netflix on my laptop”
Ash: “I swear as soon as my dad visits and gives me mine I’ll return it back to you”
Danielle: “Don't worry about the laptop, but you can get him back, make him yours, where he belongs, you just have to make him remember what you guys were and he’ll realise what it could be”
I hug Danielle
Ash: “you're like the big sister I never had “
Danielle: “I am the big sister you never had, your AP sister, but I’m not the only one here to guide you, there's Annie, Paulina, Lizzy, Wendy, Summer and Ari”
Ash: “I don’t know but there are times you sound like Alex”
Danielle: “yeah he gets that for me”
Ash: “does he now”
Danielle: “yes, yes he does, like duh, I’m a Queen like that (she gestures herself), the Amazon queen as you put it”
Ash: “well amazon Queen” I kiss her cheek
Ash: does that count as one kiss out of the ones for each AP members”
Danielle: “I’ll let you off, with mine, but I’m sure you won’t like kissing the rest, half of them want a full mouth”
Ash: “I’ll manage”
Danielle: “alright you've made me waste enough time, I need to talk to our guests and ask them about the quality of service, you with your business studies background should be capable of doing a stock take”
She hands me a nearby pen and paper
Danielle: “put the name and quantity of the items, double and triple-check so that we can properly estimate how much we’ve used tonight”
Ash: “aye aye ma’am”
Danielle: “good girl”

..........................................
...............................................
..................

Janice
Janice: “baby!!” I drop my bags and run into Alex’s arms
Janice: “baby baby baby baby” showering him with relentless kisses
Alex: “babe, yeah, I get it, how was your flight”
Janice: “baby, I’m so horny, can we do it in the car”
Alex: “not sure the Uber guy would like that”
Janice: “we both know he would”
Alex: “Yeah, babe, can I put you down now, I need to carry your bags”
Janice: “can’t we pretend I lost my luggage and passport so that I don’t go back”
Alex: “Babe?”
Janice: “babe okay, but kiss me, yes I know you don’t like it”
He immediately sticks his tongue onto my mouth, in the middle of the airport, it feels so good, he’s beard has grown a bit so I scratch my face, but it feels so good like I’m kissing an older man, I just can’t help but start grinding on him, he tried to pull away, but I pull him back in, and my persistence seduces him, he kisses me back even more passionately, however soon he drops me down
Alex: “enough babe, your insatiable”
I’ve just been dropped on my ass and still, I just wanna get back on top of him, Alex though is a mixture of annoyed and very excited judging by how he can’t stop smiling as well. He picks up my bags, and as we walk we have the attention of a lot of people at the airport, as we’ve we’d have sex in front of them.

Alex loads my bags into the car and I stare at him
Janice: “the beards new”
Alex: “yeah it is”
Janice: “thought you were a clean shave type of guy”
Alex: “when you're bored on a farm, shaving isn’t necessary a bother”
Janice: “so, you entertained now, or lack of time”
Alex: “Laziness really, I just trim it, casually whenever I can, or whenever I know someone special is coming to see me”
Janice: “I think it’s hot, I love how it feels on my face when you kiss me”
Alex: “babe, please I just wanna make it to school without any more exhibitionism”
Janice: “well, you can stop me from touching you, but you can’t stop me touching myself”
Alex: “this girl is crazy”
We move into the back seat and Alex tells him to go to the university
Janice: “Alex stop ruining the fun”
Alex: “come on J, you gotta control yourself until we get back to the room” I put my hand on his thigh and find what I’m looking for
Janice: “you’re saying one thing, my toy here is saying something else”
Alex: “Driver, do you mind speeding this up, the lady here can’t wait”
Driver: “young love, you got it”
Janice: “Driver do you mind, ignoring my actions”
Driver: “normally I’d encourage them for a 5-star review, however, I can’t have my car smelling like sex”
Alex: “ohh thank goodness, down girl” Alex places his arms around me and holds me in place
Janice: “those are some strong arms sir, are you gonna use them to make me your play...”
Alex: “quicker driver please, this girl is driving me crazy”

:......One strange drive later


Janice: “thank you, will give you 5 stars don’t worry”
The driver quickly drives away, already for his next order
Alex: “Okay, so let me show you to the dorm, Brad isn’t here for some reason so you won’t be seeing him now, he might come back”
Janice: “where’d he go”
Alex: “I believe somewhere to think about the clash he has in his identity”
Janice: “been there done that” we walk into his room
Alex: “you said you’d tell me”
Janice: “can this wait after sex”
Alex: “look at my face, can you see my seriousness”
Janice: “yes, okay when you get like this I can’t get you excited”
Alex: “When I get excited nothing will stop me from ravishing you, but we’ve had to have this conversation”

Janice: “sigh where do I start”
................................. ................................. ................................. .................................


Janice: “So you were masturbating in the bathroom because you didn’t want to do it in the room with me, were you desperate” this was after I had teased her with my body, and I remember she was so adorable, I knew she had feelings for me, but I did want her to act on them herself
Sage: “it’s just, I was desperate”
Janice: “what made you desperate” I moved closer to make sure my body was closer to hers, we sat side by side but I tried to make her feel my breasts on her shoulder
Sage: “well... it was”
Janice: “is it a guy, one of the seniors maybe, or maybe it’s Nathan, that basketball player, he’s pretty cute and those arms”
Sage: “no J, it’s not him, I’ve never, I mean I don’t like guys right now”
Janice: “really, why not”
Sage: “it’s just they kinda, they don’t really do it for me yet, I do get like why girls like them, and yeah some guys turn me on sometimes but it’s rare, so I thought maybe you could help me figure out”
Janice: “this doesn’t explain why you were”
Sage: “okay J, look I know what you're doing, and I’ve tried hard to control myself but I can’t anymore, you know I like you, I might even love you, please just kiss me”
I needed no second invitation, we were still in our pyjamas but I could feel her body shivering in ecstasy, she was waiting for this a long time, we teased our lips, savouring the taste, our hands didn’t move from their original position because for us the kissing was enough at the time...

Alex: “Is that how you started dating”
Yes it is, we were always close but well, our relationship made us closer
Alex: “and then what happened...”

So when I was head girl, I did some bad things, ummm let’s start with the worst one, essentially because of some emotions of being alone that I felt with my sister, she kinda hated how I had been given opportunities that she was offered, she thought I was spoilt and stuck up. So at school, I was not very happy, when I started the relationship with Sage, it was because Sage was, well she was my little sister, and I wanted to remain close to her, I tried to guide her through high school, it was only a year but it was a great year. At least for me, but....it also meant I felt that things had to always go my way. Anyway... what I did, was I basically didn’t want anyone to, be left out
Alex: “so you cheated”
Well... depends on what you call cheated
Alex: “so you slept with a lot of people”
When you say it like that Babe
Alex: “did Sage know”
I think she did, but she didn’t do much about it, she was so in love with me and well, she was unwilling to leave me. Soon she would confront me about it though.
Sage: “J....”
Janice: “what’s wrong Sage”
Sage: “listen, I get that maybe I’m not enough”
Janice: “your plenty enough for me”
Sage: “you haven’t slept in our room for a month now, term ends in a few weeks, I thought you felt the same way I did, I know we haven’t had sex yet but I wanna try, I wanna do it as you do with the other people at the school, if you want I’ll buy a toy to make you satisfied since you like boys you”
Janice: “stop babe, it’s not you, it’s me”
Sage: “don’t say that, please don’t!!”
Janice: “but babe”
Sage: “you have to come to our room tonight you have too” that was the first time she confronted me on it, it was deep into our school year too... suffice it to say I never did sleep there for the rest of the year until graduation.

Alex: “I don’t understand you went into a relationship with me without ending a relationship with...”

What happened was, I.... realised I was hurting her, so I sent a present

Alex: “a present”
I sent her, a girl basically”
Alex: “ohh and then she got with her”
It was the easiest way to break up with her, I told that girl everything about her and she basically seduced Sage, surprise surprise, when the girl told her I sent her, Sage told her to tell me that I can forget about coming to the bedroom we share
Alex: “the girl's name?”
Aubrey, she’s still there now actually.


Janice: “that’s how it happened babe”
Alex: “but what changed you, you don’t sleep with people at school now”
Janice: “when Sage broke up with me, it was just before I finished my final exam, when I got home, I realised how suddenly lonely I had become, none of the people I slept with were my friends, I actually had no real friends, feel into a bit of a depression, and well, I was in a very bad state Alex”

Alex: “I know how that feels, so the trip to the farmhouse, was that a coincidence”
Janice: “Alex you should no with me, nothing is a coincidence, I have good control of my destiny”
Alex: “why me”
Janice: “we talked before me and you babe, you don’t remember, maybe at the time I still had the braces and glasses”
Alex: “wait that was you... I wondered what you meant when you said we used to play as kids, In my head I was like, you just have me confused for someone else”
Janice: “was it not my beautiful body that had you too distracted to notice, I mean I thought you’d figured it out by now”
Alex: “it’s just J you’ve changed”
Janice: “well, I did work hard on this look, it got me out of many detentions, many classes and got me many As although I was really good at history, psychology and literature”
Alex: “Yeah, l remember a girl telling me that’s her combination, wait but again why do you remember me”
Janice: “you were my first friend I guess, and I asked you if you’d be my friend and you said sure, next time I come back we, will play, so you came back after a few years and we finally got to...*play*”
Alex: “so all it took was what I said when I was 10”
Janice: “you saw me as me, I mean my sister was there, and she was still like do the big sister thing, but you, were honest”
Alex: “well, I guess I was, I think Danielle would agree with you there”
Janice: “your babysitter right, when she came, you never returned to the farm, your parents would come but you’d stay home with her...you must have a close bond for you to forget me and be with her, I was hurt but your dad told me you hated the farm”
Alex: “I did, but Danielle would insist I stay with her”
Janice: “I remember begging my dad to visit you but plane tickets cost money”
Alex: “well, I'm happy I met you again”
Janice: “me too, so that’s how we got here, to where we were”
Alex: “wow, alright”
Janice: “okay so, fuck me right”
Alex: “hold on there cowgirl, time to meet the rest of the people who are my friends or sort of not my friends including the babysitter”
Janice: “babe, why!” He carries me over his shoulder as I pathetically wriggle, I guess him carrying me feels good, as I half-heartedly protest”















Chapter 11
Reece
Mother: "Reece, do you mind going to the neighbours and collecting"
Reece: "yes, I do, please ask that guy to do it"
Mother: "listen to me Reece, I don't care how you feel, I can't spend the rest of my days living
alone while you try to make this dream of yours become a reality, and that guy you mention is
your stepfather"
Reece: "what is the matter with you, why can't you leave me alone"
Mother: "then leave, please, taking care of you has been a pain"
Reece: "yeah it's me that's the pain, what kind of mother are you anyway"
Mother: "leave! just leave!"
Reece: "okay enough, I know we fight'
Mother: "go away, pack your things, even though I bought them, leave, get out!"
Reece: "mom come on"
Mother: "no more, I am struggling to cope with this, every day, you go out, you dropped out of
college, you go play pool all day and come home eat and sleep then repeat"
Reece: "how am I supposed to succeed at anything with a mother like you, you stopped paying my college fee because you needed it to take care of that ass you call a husband"
Mother: "All I know is your a waste, a waste of time, your father rest his soul, his love is the
the reason I put up with all of this, but not anymore, go!" mom flings a towel at me"
Kevin: "what's going on here, son, why is your mother hysterical"
Reece: "this doesn't involve you man, let me and my mother"
Mother: "no, you will not disrespect my husband in my home, you have till tonight to leave, or
I will call the police"
Reece: "mom don't you care"
Mother: "I did, but then you have been nasty to me since your father left, and worse so since
I remarried, enough, it has been 6 years, you are an adult"
Kevin: "your mother and I have been talking son, you need to go find a job, and soon, now"
Mom walks out crying
Kevin: "I know you don't like me, but understand that your mother is going through a rough
your not making it easy, she said tonight, I will give you till tomorrow morning, let me go talk
to her"
Reece: "don't bother" I collect whatever I can, to think my own mother would do that to me,
say that to me, force me to leave
That was the last time I saw her, it has been a year, I called my friend Ethan, and now I stay with
him, he goes to university, I met a few of his other friends, and on occasion, we play soccer
together.
In my spare time to make sure I earn my keep working at a nearby coffee shop, the boys
come as often as they can to help me with tips. Today I was serving them...

Alex: "Jay knows though, a lot about me"
Janice: "not everything, but it's cool how you guys play soccer often"
Reece: "hey, so two dark coffees for Alex and Ethan, three cappuccinos for the ladies, a milkshake
for Jericho and... for the hero himself, one Cola for Tyler"
Tyler and I love football and well I like calling him the hero, he's cool like that. I've known him a year now, living with Ethan, we go and watch matches together, play games together, playing football together.
Ethan: "depends, but it's cool to meet you J"
Tyler: "Yeah, we'd didn't believe you were real, given the stories we've heard"
Janice: "What stories have you heard"
Ash: "a few, good ones don't worry, this guy can't stop blabbering on about you"
Alex: "Blabbering??"
Alex says that with a look of disappointment, he doesn't like seeming obsessed
Rachael: "no not blabbering, but we see the love"
Janice: "awww" Janice kisses Alex on the cheek, and he puts a lot of effort into not blushing
Tyler: "watch him blush" Alex hides his face, the group bursts into laughter.
Reece: "do you guys need anything else"
Tyler: "Nah dude, we good, but maybe something to cooldown Alex"
Alex: "Can I please stop being made fun off"
Jericho: "I am enjoying this too much" I walk to the counter, and try to get some orders done
I look back to the table, and Simone comes and joins the group, given her history with Ash I expected some fireworks, but they don't come, in fact, they seem friendlier than usual, but maybe it's just me, looking too deep into it.
Janice however spends the entire time, just smiling at Alex, she really does love him, and is she is way less afraid of showing it, my coworker, Cassie points it out
Cassie: "have you ever been in love like that Reece"
Reece: "never really, some relationships here and there, nothing like that"
Cassie: "maybe one day we will get one she has, or in your case what he has"
Reece: "What I want, involves a ball and a net"
Cassie: "not gonna give up on that, well as I said from the first day you worked here, stop
telling yourself it will happen and make it happen"
Reece: "well, I am still young"
Cassie: "23, is a bit late, and I don't know much about the game, but I'll be the first to tell you"
Reece: "what did you wanna be, before this job"
Cassie: "I will tell you after you collect the check from your buddies over there"
Reece: "yeah yeah" I walk towards the group, and Janice and Alex are having a romantic
chat, Jericho and Ethan are chatting up the AP girls, and Tyler was on his phone.
Reece: "so who is paying for the meal"
Tyler: "over here buddy"
Reece: "really for everyone"
Tyler: "yeah it's cool, won a bet"
Reece: "oh, alright, I would think you'd have lost a bet"
Tyler: "Nah, I mean got some extra cash, but what's with you and Cassie" always straight to the point
Reece: "not much, she's kinda my boss"
Tyler: "she's hot, like, really hot"
Reece: "I guess"
Tyler: "you think she's into you?"
Reece: "no"
Tyler: "you wanna find out"
Reece: "no"
Tyler: "you gonna put this off, and hate it until I force you to make a move"
Reece: "yep"
Tyler: "Reece fam, you've got to make a move"
Reece: "why"
Tyler: "listen, you and her talk daily, she actively smiles at you, right now.....she just glanced at you and smiled!"
Reece: "really, oh, well..that can mean anything"
Tyler: "do you want me to involve the rest of the boys, do you want a lecture from Alex"
Reece: "Jesus no, he can go all day with how he talks"
Tyler: "just...just tell me you will ask her, ask her if she likes you and if she does take
her on a date"
Reece: "whatever dude, okay, now pay the.." I collect the money and take it to the register
Cassie: "what were you and hero on about"
Reece: "he was talking something a bit funny"
Cassie: "Yeah, what was that"
Reece: "he was saying you have a crush on me" I laugh awkwardly, expecting her to laugh
Cassie just smiles and looks down
Cassie: "ha, a bit funny yeah, anyway,(she gets super serious)table 2 needs your attention, Ben, we need two
burgers, some french fries, bacon bits, onion rings and 10 buffalo wings, stat"
Reece: "okay..."
I walk back over to Ethan and Tyler just before they leave
Reece: “yeah thanks for that, wasting my time and making Cassie not wanna talk to me anymore”
Tyler: “what if she’s just shy”
Ethan: “wait, Reece and Cassie sure sure yeah what next, Tyler and Rachael”
Tyler: “you saying I can’t get a girl like Rachael”
Ethan: “no I’m sure the hero can land any girl”
Alex: “Hey!, what you lads up to, listen, so, me and Janice have not had sex in a few months, so, I’m gonna go fuck her like the amazing girl she is, you! my friends will not see me for a few days since I have a few viagra packets, enough food to last for days and of course the most beautiful girl alive, great good! Bye”
Reece: “you done flaunting it”
Alex shakes his head
Cassie: “hey Reece, back to work!”
Reece: “5 more minutes”
Cassie: “I’ll give you 2 before I start taking a dollar per second late”

Tyler: “you do know that when you're not here, she never does that, like ever, not even a little, she doesn’t let anyone off”
Ethan: “This is too funny “
Reece: “dude stop misleading me, I’m not even gonna bother trying to convince you anymore”
Tyler: “have I ever led you wrong before”
Reece: “no, you haven’t”
Alex and the others approach
Alex: “can we go, your ruining my paradise bruh”
Tyler: “hold on, bruh”
Rachael: “can we at least get the keys, it’s a bit cold outside”
Tyler: “sure here!” He hands over his car keys
Tyler: “Alex this Harem of yours needs their main to get a car”
Janice: “if this is a Harem, then those are my bottom bitches, and they please my man on my order”
Ashes: “I’m no one's bottom bitch girl”
Rachael: “at least you said it!”
Ethan: “where did Jericho go?”
Alex: “had to go see Simone and Isis, something about how they had been recorded”
Ash: “that’s my cue for me to get in the car”
Ash walks away, immediately pulling Rachael with her
Ethan:” that’s what happens when you do it in a car”
Alex: “that video is weeks old, how is it a problem now”
Tyler: “stop changing topics, Reece just ask her out please”
Alex: “ask who, wait Cassie”
Tyler: “Yeah, I mean come on, she likes you, she lets you get away with us taking your attention from work, she smiles when you help her at the back, I mean I notice it because I’m trying to set you up, come on tell him, Alex”
Alex: “I think you should go for it”
Reece: “please stop it, I just wanted you guys to stop trying to embarrass me”
Ethan: “you know I’ll come here just for that”
Tyler: “just trust me, please dude”
Reece: “.............”
Alex: “...........” Ethan: “..........”
Janice: “ugh yes she liked you”
Reece: “how would you know?”
Janice: “I’m better at this, than Alex, believe me”
Alex: “well yeah... no one's better at reading the room”
Ethan: “how good are we talking here”
Janice: “so good that I know that you Ethan have a girlfriend you don’t want your friends to know about”
Tyler: “wait, since when... hold on, how do we not know”
Janice: “there are two types of smiles guys have, the normal that’s funny smile, and the I’m in love smile”
Reece: “actually that would explain some things I saw in the room”
Ethan: “......uhh yeah so let’s go”
Ethan goes towards the car
Janice: “well embarrassed one of Alex’s friends, that’s an Xbox achievement if I’ve ever seen one”
Alex: “isn’t she the best guys, my girl knows her stuff, oh my gosh Tyler get in, let’s go! I can’t take it anymore”
Janice has a wide smile as if she was trying to get Alex to lose control all-day

Cassie: “10....9.....8
Reece: “later guys!”
Cassie: “4......3........2”
I rush in and lose about $3 worth of pay

Joe
Father: “You have to!”
Joe: “No I don’t”
Father: “yes you do”
Joe: “why do I even bother talking to you, tell me really, what about my life do you care about, I did everything you asked, I’ve done Everything you asked since I was born”
Father: “I understand that son but you must understand that I need you, I need you, to help me, save our company”
Joe: “your company, yours! I don’t want this, I mean honestly why can’t you give it to Nathan”
Father: “because he’s not yet ready, I want you to be in charge until then”
Always dad did this, made me clean up his messes, risked my happiness for him, I loved him, and he promised me marrying Jodie was the last thing.
Father: “Son, I know the words I said” Just what I was thinking
Father: “but I honestly thought we were out of the rocks, but well the rocks pulled us back in, if you don’t do this, we’ll have to get rid of most of the staff, sack so many people, Mrs Georgio for example, she has no pension or that kid. Ian, he has a wife and kids to feed, but he’s got no real qualifications”
Father wasn’t always like this, he could be, he was better, I have had so much respect for my dad who taught me to treat people with respect, to be smart and kind and give back to my family and community yet, it seems after mother abandoned him it’s, been downhill, he remarried and in the process adopted my stepbrother Nathan. He also made some poor decisions, investing a lot of money into ambitious ventures trying to maybe prove a point, I never really thought too much about it, he was my dad, he was in pain. Here we are, in his office, I got a farm which I spend most of my time, away from my so-called wife who is still in love with her high school best friend.
Joe: “when you decided that my love life was a tool for you to get public favour and get confidence back in investors was the day you ran out of favours”
Our company manufactures various crops from cotton, and wheat fields, we own lots of real-estate and take the goods to make some cheap small utensils. It’s. Dad becomes CEO after a fraud scandal literally left him as the only choice, he downshifted us from multinational to more local. This helped with costs and even kept some people in work, he even hired local people without jobs. For example, Ian, whose family I met when he invited us to a barbecue. He’s always been kind to me and Nathan. Nathan learns at B&R high school, I think he’s some Basketball captain.
We didn’t go to the same school, Nathan’s love for basketball got him to transfer from our original school
All this time there was a deafening silence in the room, my dad was now looking over the balcony window.
Joe: “Father? Say something even though this is a waste of time”
The thing Father wanted me to do was basically
Father: “I need you, to, seduce Carmella Fuentes, is that too much to ask”
Yes that, her, Carmella is the owner of Trenton Accounting, they were tasked with running an audit for our company and let’s just dear old dad, took a few shortcuts
Joe: “I don’t understand why you can’t hire some model or actor to do it”
Father: “they can be bought, you! my son, cannot”
Joe: “even so, it won’t work”
Carmella: “Yes it will”
Joe: “okay... I’m done, I’m leaving, goodbye”
I walkout
Father: “This is what happens isn’t it, leave me just like your mother”
I follow his comment up by smashing his class door and it of course breaks into pieces, see-through offices my ass!
The nerve of him(I walk to the elevator and make my way down to my car) how could he even think of using me like this again, again, Carmella was not gonna be difficult, she had a history of being with younger men, particularly black men, there must be a bit of an obsession there but I don’t really care
I drive into our house, it’s not too noticeable but then again, Jodie and I are from wealthy families, Jodie spends most of her days reading books, playing videos games, watching series, like all millennials, she yearns for attention but I don’t think I love her.
Jodie: “hey sweetie, let me get that for you”
She gets excited when I come home, I’d usually be on my farm but dad called me and it’s late to fly back
Jodie: “what did your dad say”
Joe: “nothing important, what have you been up to”
In a big house like this, she could think she was haunted
Jodie: “just sleeping really, thought about masturbating again, couldn’t because I’ve done that a million times since you were here”
Joe: “yeah sorry it’s been so long”
Jodie: “yeah it’s alright”
Joe: “Hey, I’m sorry, listen, we got the whole house to ourselves, we can do the thing you love most, okay the second thing you love most”
Jodie: “ummm the second thing I like, assuming the first thing is sex, the second thing is gaming and you don’t touch games”
Joe: “no watch movies”
Jodie: “sigh”
Joe: “you like my movie stash right”
Jodie: “no I do not!”
Joe: “honey come on I’m trying here”
Jodie: “what kind of guy won’t fuck his wife, what happened, after the wedding you changed, you answered all my prayers and then stopped caring the day after”
Joe: “No honey, just things got complicated after”
Jodie: “how complicated when I’m stuck here all day and night, alone, if not for Jackie(the maid), and Samuel (groundskeeper) Id literally be in self-isolation”
Joe: “baby listen”
Jodie: “no you listen, stop jerking  around In your grounds and come see me!”
Joe: “just like Alex, did he come by here when I was gone, don’t tell me, I’m sure Jackie has the answer”
Jodie: “I’m your wife, Alex is my friend”
Joe: “Friend, ha, don’t make me laugh”
Jodie: “I haven’t seen Alex since the farm your highness and the only reason I was there was to be with you, big lug”
Joe: “don’t make me laugh, you say your my wife when you still spend your days texting him”
Jodie: “do you know who got you that farm you love so much, it wasn’t your daddy, heaven knows it wasn’t your mom” slap!!.........







Jodie fell back
Joe: “don’t you dare mention that women in this house”
Jodies look of shock turns into rage
Jodie: “Christina Newman, disappeared, leaving her 7 year old”
I clench my fist this time, grab her hair, pull her to her feet
Joe: “my mom did not leave us, do you hear me, she was killed or kidnapped, but she’d never”
Jodie: “she cleaned out her bank account, took her passport, left you and dear old dad broke and you are in denial”
I punch her in the gut, try to get her to stop talking
Jodie: “*cough* *cough*”
Joe: “be quiet this is my house”
Jodie: “I *cough* bought you *cough* your farm, I paid for this house”
Joe: “why do you want me to hurt you”
Jodie: “because you are spineless, I can take a beating from you because you have nothing, you are nothing without me”
Joe: "aghhh shut up! I don’t even love you!”
Jodie: “don’t you think I know that, I was there that day, I was there the wedding day, I heard what was being discussed when my husband was late to the aisle. Imagine to my surprise my husband was begging his father to not marry me, but I couldn’t save myself the embarrassment of calling of what I thought was the perfect wedding”
Joe: “so you knew, but you could have saved us both the trouble” I punch her again, how can this dumb girl allow this to happen, she could have stopped this, all of this, made things easier by rejecting me, and she allowed us, to get married instantly out of high school, like some fairytale story, maybe that’s how in love she was, or that’s how strong a rebound I was. I mean, my life is fucked because of her, because of her! I am in this shit situation where my name is associated with a dying business, my father being laughed at as a disaster of a CEO, my mom missing"
Jodie: “I can’t believe I’m married to someone as awful as you, hope when I die from this abuse, my parents go to hell for pushing this”

I slap her Joe: “Shut up!” I slap her again “Shut up” punch her again and she starts crying
Joe: “What part of shut the fuck *punch* *punch*
Jodie: “let me go”
I take a good look at her, her face is bruised, I can’t imagine how her pale midsection looms
Joe: “what an awful look you have, I always found that face ugly, no class, nothing special about you, if I kill you, your parents will celebrate “
Jodie: “let me go I’m done leave me alone” she wails but I don't care
Joe: “say I’m sorry Joe, I won’t mention your mother ever again”
Jodie: “......I...mmm.... uuu....ahh....gin...”
Joe: “what speak, up( I pull her fake, her like she’s actually bond, this dumb bitch) talk!!”
Jodie: “I... Said!!, FUCK YOU!” She spits in my face
Joe: “wrong fucking answer”, I toss her towards the stairs, her head bounces, of the rail
Joe: “God I hope your dead” I walk over and hear that she’s breathing
Joe: “honey clean up, I won’t fuck a dirty girl”
.......................................

Tyler
Tyler: “Do you think that, somehow, someway, they’ll actually start dating”
Ethan and I are sitting on the apartment roof, we’d made an outdoor fire since he can't afford heating in the room, I'm at his place, Reece has the late shift. We're smoking on the fire sitting on lawn chairs and talking about yesterday’s matches and other random shit...
Ethan: “it can’t be as bad as Brad and Ash right, those two are like anime characters with the reluctance, to be honest about how they feel”
Tyler: “Nah, but she likes him, it’ll happen right”
Ethan: “I hope so”
Tyler: “soo you’ve been holding out on us, I thought you were single”
Ethan smiles a bit
Ethan: “I know I should have told you guys”
Tyler: “Nah it’s our fault bruh, We make you the third wheel in your own place, that’s just not cool”
Ethan: “you do but I just, I wasn’t sure”
Tyler: “what’s her name”
Ethan: “she doesn’t wanna me to tell anyone”
Tyler: “really, so you won’t tell anyone, not even us”
Ethan: “I didn’t tell you because I wasn’t sure if it’s real, the reason is that she doesn’t want people to know”
Tyler: “weird but alright, what’s she like”
Ethan: “she’s, explosive”
Tyler: “how explosive, like energetic”
Ethan: “she has a bit of an issue with her emotions, she has trouble with that so sometimes she’s super happy and sometimes (he’s voice gets low, like sadder) she gets really difficult sometimes”
Tyler: “hold on, wait a minute, are you”
Ethan: “it’s too late to ask, I feel years ago”
Tyler: “years, so you’ve known her a while”
Ethan: “I did, a good amount of time, let’s just say, she is on my way”
Tyler: “Yeah, alright umm I’m sorry if it gets hard”
Ethan: “it does get hard, it does get really hard(he’s voice cracks) but... I manage, we manage, most of the time she’s really.....amazing”
Tyler: “don’t wanna ruin the moment but I need to ask, how is she in the sack”
Ethan: “really, ahh pretty good, I mean I enjoy it, I believe she enjoys it”
Tyler: “is she, black, white, Latino, maybe Asian”
Ethan: “can’t tell you because it’ll narrow it down”
Tyler: “oh”
fool, better lie, now I know she’s not American because I can’t narrow down an American girl, there’s like 90% of them at the campus, I got him now, or am I overthinking it.
Ethan: “why are you quiet, you're narrowing it down aren’t you, Jesus, I knew it”
Tyler: “my bad, it’s a habit”
Ethan: “no wonder Alex likes you”
Tyler: “lucky bastard, he is being rocked now”
Ethan: “guess only you and Reece left, kinda funny to me”
Tyler: “Yeah, everyone getting girlfriends now, and here I am trying to give my mate a girlfriend, and here he is just trolling”
Ethan: “trolling huh, listen I bet you that they won’t be together by next week Saturday”
Tyler: “with me around”
Ethan: “yep, you will lose”
Tyler: “you're throwing away money, if you wanna lose money, you can throw it in the fire, or better yet get some heat into your place”
Ethan: “I had to cover Reece for his rent, so he needs to bring home the heat money, I’m broke until next week when my family sends me money”
Tyler: “you! my guy are a bit reckless with money”
Ethan: “reckless!”
Tyler: “I once saw you bet $500 that the goalkeeper in a Chinese soccer league will score”
Ethan: “if he did score, I’d have gotten ¥5000000”
Tyler: “That’s like what, $40K, dude we were gonna get robbed”
Ethan: “I don’t know, something about China town, seems so cool”
Tyler: “alright, anyway, I’ll be single forever after I win the bet, what’s the odds”
Ethan: “40”
Tyler: “40, by next week I’ll be 40 bugs richer, and be the only guys single”
Ethan: “wait Jericho has who?”
Tyler: “Simone”
Ethan: “dating or..”
Tyler: “it’s weird”
Ethan: “Brad has Isis, Alex has Janice, I have... and then you, ohh wait Reece and Cassie, then,... you!”
Tyler: “......Brad, still missing”
Ethan: “yep, not been seen since the fight with Ross”
Tyler: “why would he leave though, it’s not like Ross won, Ross even threw the first punch”
aid basically, Ross said something, Brad said something back, Ross punched Ross, then Brad punched him, Ross fell over and then well... he punched him a few more times then left in his car”
Tyler: “yeah, so that’s Jericho’s description, might as well be a 2-dimensional explanation”
Ethan: “Jericho is funny though”
Tyler: “he almost says the first thing on his mind”
Ethan: “Jericho, makes us feel good”
Tyler: “yeah I get that”
Ethan: “Alex doesn’t seem to like him even though we’re literally friends with him because he knows Alex”
Tyler: “I think it’s just something happened and they don’t wanna talk about it”
Ethan: “if that’s the case, how has Alex not been able to deal with it”
Tyler: “it’s surprising that he doesn’t just deal with it”
Ethan: “more weird than anything”
Tyler: “more weird than anything we know about Alex, we tried to stop him doing shit for guys who don’t deserve it, like Brad”
Ethan: “and he chose him anyway”
Tyler: “would you do that, for me or Reece”
Ethan: “for you, I would because you’d be grateful, Reece tends to be really selfish, I might not bother because he’ll find a way to blame me for it”
Tyler: “he’s not that selfish, he’s quirky”
Ethan: “I live with this guy”
Tyler: “yeah but I know him better”
Ethan: “you know him outside the damn house!”
Tyler: “Nah, stop”
Ethan: “I’m telling you, like he will buy groceries, and complain if I use them, but take my shit from the fridge and pretend it’s nothing”
Tyler: “ohhh umm yeah the food in the fridge is yours”
Ethan: “it was you!!, your the reason we literally bought new locks because we thought we were getting burgled”
Tyler: “in my defence, I was given a key, and well I come here and I get hungry”
Ethan: you don’t leave here!!”
Tyler: “but when I come to and fro I pass by and well, I get hungry walking on foot”
Ethan: “Fuck, it was you, it was fucking you, it was fucking you!!”
Tyler: “sorry bro”
Ethan: “yeah it’s cool”
We sit in silence for a bit, watching the fire, the flames seemed to be dimming, I'm planning to crash on the couch, I do have a comfy house a few more kilometres down the line, just these guys are my boys and I stay with my older brother who was barely ever there.
Ethan: “dude, it’s getting late, let’s head down” I was getting comfortably warm as well, I eventually after a few minutes of delay, pour a bucket of water over the fire and we walk down the stairs. We get to the hallway entrance, I nonchalantly open the door, and it’s locked, I give a worried look to Ethan who looks just as stunned, we pull again and again.
Ethan: “Shit, it’s freezing, like fucking freezing here”
Tyler: “How the hell, did Bruce not know we were up here”
Ethan: “I told him, he must have forgotten this time”
Tyler: “does he have any idea what he’s done”
Ethan: “I’ll call him, don’t worry”
Tyler: “what do we do until then”
Ethan: “he doesn’t live super far away from here”
Tyler: “he stays in Woodstone”
Ethan: “How far is that”
Tyler: “City boys, it’s 2hrs by bus, I’m sure if he uses his car, he gets here in less”
Ethan: “we’ll be dead, in a few hours“
Tyler: “do you have a lighter, you were smoking up there, or you used the fire”
Ethan: “I used the fire, sorry dude”
I keep trying the door, but soon it’s hopeless
Tyler: “tell me he’s getting through”
Ethan: “it’s ringing but, well”
Tyler: “fuck sake, I mean we won’t die but this, this is gonna be a long as night”
Ethan: “Reece we’ll be here soon right, he’ll help us”
Tyler: “he might call him”


——————————————————

Reece
My shift is just about to end, it's during these hours a lot of shifty characters would meet here, prostitutes sit here ordering water all night, some gangsters discuss plans, and other more unsavoury people like cultists also show up.
Cassie: “better start cleaning the tables”
Reece: “alright”
Neil: “Cassie, you mind securing the safe, security is gonna come and move it to the bank soon”
at this time moving the money out is a bit hard hence the need for some security
Reece: “a slow day other than lunch”
Neil: “it’s cold these days, going out at night needs a certain kind of person”
Reece: “don’t I know it” Neil was the usual manager and sometimes cooked in the back, he’s aunt owned the diner, he worked here part-time but has a normal day job as a real estate agent, he was older than both me and Cassie, yet lived alone at home
Neil: “yeah, the usual crack dealers aren’t here today, guess no amount of grifting is worth being In this weather”
Reece: “you're overselling this, it’s not even snowing”
Neil: “you must have heat in your apartment”
Reece: “actually I don’t”
Neil: “really”
Reece: “how can a house seller not have heat in his”
Neil: “a house seller who barely ever sells, why do you think I work here”
Reece: “maybe you should be a grifter”
 Neil: “don’t have the connections for it”
Reece: “you got the place for it”
Neil: “don’t think it will go down too well with my family”
Reece: “I mean you know me and Cassie won’t snitch”
Neil: “I don’t know I can trust that”
Reece: “you're seriously thinking about this”
Neil: “hey, keep your voice down”
Reece: “holy shit this is like breaking bad”
Neil: “no it’s not, Jesus, I’m just thinking about ways to make money”
Reece: “okay, okay.. but if you do like need”
Neil: “shut up”
Neil goes to the back and I’m left a bit giddy, I figure if I threaten him, I might get a cut. I wipe some more of the tables, there’s only one person in the diner at this point, an elderly lady, well wrapped up, the last person you’d expect, she gestures me.
Lady: “young man, please tell Neilson to please come back and give me the check, it’s getting mighty late”
I walk towards the back, I guess I walked a bit too quietly, but I was still thinking about how Neil was probably selling drugs in the back. I walk in and see Cassie pinned to the wall, Neil, his hands under her shirt, and they are making out.
It’s not something I see every day, and they don’t notice I’m here, but they are going at it, Cassie has her legs wrapped around him, trying desperately to grind on him, and I can tell his hands are groping her body mighty hard.
Cassie: “ouch could you, stop”
Neil: “you pretend like you don’t like it”
Cassie: “I do, just don’t like the bruises you leave behind”
Neil: “ha take off your pants”
Cassie does as she’s told, dropping them to the floor before sitting on the desk, Neil, removes his pants and immediately penetrates her
Cassie: “ah so good, pound me”
Neil grunts and thrusts, hard, he does it after a delay, waiting before thrusting hard into her, Cassies moans are silent, still trying to hide this is happening in the office, I’m sure she doesn’t notice the doors peered open. But her moans can be heard from where I’m standing, and they are in tune with each thrust.
Her worktop and apron are also removed, soon, and she’s not completely naked while Neil keeps most of his clothes on. This got me thinking about what Tyler was saying, how she likes me, at least I didn’t get my hopes up. She definitely seems to be enjoying the attention,
Cassie: “faster, go faster”
Neil obliges changing his pace, fucking her quicker
Neil: “you like that,” he says as he holds her golden brown hair
Cassie: “yes”
Cassie's eyes are intensely staring at him, lust-filled, it’s surprising how she can’t see me, but I guess nothing else matters at this moment
Neil: “turn over!”
Cassie doesn’t hesitate and now with her head down, her ass up and waiting for him, I get a good view of her naked ass for the first time, it’s actually bigger than I thought, she’s always wearing loose pants, even casually, it’s something I didn’t think she had. Neil spanks her
Cassie: “fuck, I bruise easy you ass”
Neil: “this ass deserves a good spanking”
Cassie: “just put it in” Neil takes his time massaging her big ass, licking it as well, eventually biting it
Cassie: “Reece will be finished soon, so you need to finish soon”
Neil gets the hint and places his dick right on her pussy, eventually, he shoves and Cassie lets out a big sigh, which turns into more muffled moaning, as she tries to remain quiet through his thrusts.
Cassie: “fuck me............fuck me.......fuck me....fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me”
Cassie pushes Neil to the edge and he immediately starts cumming on her ass
As soon As they are done I realise that if I close the door they will probably hear, and know I saw them, and if I leave, they will wonder who opened the door... I had a few moments to act.

Reece: “Neil, lady wants her check”
I took a few steps away from the door and sad this from the passageway, I hear the frantic movements from the room
Cassie: “I thought I told you to close the door”
Neil: “I did!”
Cassie: “why is it open then”
Neil: “no clue”
Reece: “what are you guys doing In here, I mean Cassie would have been down by now”
I walk in, Cassie still adjusting her apron, Neil seems rather relaxed though
Neil: “tell her I’m coming soon”
Reece: “yeah well, my shifts up, I’m gonna go ahead and leave my apron and leave, is that cool”
Neil: “it’s cool, right Cassie”
Cassie: “yeah whatever”
Reece: “okay bye”
Neil: “wait, Reece, you didn’t see anything weird right” Cassie hits his elbow, he ignored it
I give him the straightest face I possible can
Reece: “weird?”
Neil: “yeah, notice anything just not normal”
Reece: “I mean that lady is a bit freaky, she sits alone almost every night”
Neil: “umm never mind then”
Reece: “why did something happen”
Neil: “no it’s nothing”
Cassie: “let’s go, I need to lock up and give Allison the keys for tomorrow”
Neils: “right, let’s go”
Reece: “see you guys on Monday”
I remove my apron and collect my things, My phone rings!


——————————————————-

Tyler
Ethan: “no we don’t know who has extra keys!”
Reece: (on-call) “well even if I come over there, I can’t break the door, we can’t afford that”
This was getting desperate, calling Reece didn’t really change our circumstances aside from him breaking the door from the other side
Ethan: “then what can we do, bro, we can’t be out here all night”
Reece: “okay, give me, a few minutes to figure something out”
Tyler: “tell him to hurry his ass up”
Ethan: “come to the building and ask around, hurry”
Fuck now what, we wait for the 30minute walk
Ethan: “he can get Cassie to drive him, she drops the keys over to Allison”
Tyler: “okay good, will he get Cassie to drive him”
Ethan: “I mean I’d be surprised if he walked”
Tyler: “he might prefer to given we told him Cassie likes him and he didn’t believe us”
Ethan: “you told him that and he doesn’t believe you”
A gust of wind comes from the roof door
Tyler: “that’s so fucking cold”
Ethan: “shit, we gotta do something”
Tyler: “only thing I have is my phone, which is almost out of power, my wallet and my ass”
Ethan: “My phone is full, but my wallet is in my room”
Tyler: “I got it, I have the number of the girl that stays on 3D”
Ethan: “who, Brianna, how do you have her number”
Tyler: “long story”
Ethan: “how can she help us”
Tyler: “I think she once said something about how she used to pick locks when stole from the post office”
Ethan: “she worked at the post office” I dial her number
Tyler: “no”
Ethan: “Okay, so how do we know she’ll help us”
Tyler: “she’s always home on nights like this, it’s part of her parole”
Ethan: “so, again, do we know if she can pick this lock”
Tyler: “I don’t know”
Ethan: “alright” her phone rings, but no answer
Tyler: “god is everyone sleeping tonight”
Ethan: “This is just our luck” I redial
Tyler: “you should try Alex”
Ethan: “why didn’t we call him first”
Brianna’s phone is ringing
Brianna: “hello!”
Tyler: “Brianna, hie it’s Tyler hey!!”
Brianna: “Tyler? Tyler, Tyler Ohh Tyler, you come to my building every now and then, I was wondering when you’ll call for me again”
Tyler: “hey, no listen, I need help”
Brianna: “I’ll stop you right there boy, I don’t do loans, or lending, no I don’t know any floozies for you to have fun with, no I don’t do parties”
Tyler: “it’s not that”
Ethan: “holy shit she’s a whore”
Brianna: “who was that, did that fucker call me a whore”
Tyler: “no no it’s not” she cuts the call
I look over at all Ethan,
Tyler: “what’s the matter with you”
Ethan: “could have told me she was a whore”
Tyler: “I didn’t, and you didn’t need to shout that out”
Ethan: “I just didn’t think, you were that kinda guy”
Tyler: “I was, not recently, I was and recognised her when I came by here”
Ethan: “I mean whatever makes you happy right”
I wonder if that’s true
Alex: (on-call) hello!”
Ethan: “Alex dude, we are stu..”
Alex: “sorry but I’m a bit busy now, but, if you need to talk to me...”
Janice: “or his girlfriend J”
Janice & Alex: “Leave a message after the beep” BEEP!

Ethan: “you're fucking kidding me”
Tyler: “annoying!”
Ethan: “okay.. we're fucked”
Another gust of wind blows by
Tyler: “ahhh fuck!”
Ethan: “bro come here”
Tyler: “ahhh, what!”
Ethan: “need to keep warm”
Tyler: “I’m sure you do, but stay off me”
Ethan: “come on, dude help me out”
Tyler: “no!”
Ethan: “fuck I’m freezing”
Tyler: “you're bigger than me, you’ll be fine, I’m sure all my blood will freeze first” Ethans ringtone starts playing
Ethan: “Reece I need some good news!”
Reece: (on-call) "okay, I’m coming with Cassie, she says that she knows a locksmith who isn’t too far from the diner, so I need a picture of the lock so that we get the right set of keys”
Ethan: “how long until you get here”
Tyler: “tell them to step on it”
Reece: “I think less than an hour, we’d need to wake him up and then he has to get every single key that he thinks will fit there and then we will come over there with him, then we’d probably have to drive him back”
Ethan: “okay that’s cool, we owe Cassie one”
Reece: “she says a big one”
Ethan: “so how do I take this picture”
Reece: “do as many angles as possible, even the whole door would make a difference, just in case I’ll look up the building specs to see who built it and the likely lock manufacturers”
Tyler: “Tell him that he’ll need to bring something to warm us up”
Ethan: “We were on the roof to warm up, we’re cold again so”
Reece: “umm, not sure what we can do about that................ Cassie says she’ll leave us at the diner, the office is really warm, we can crash there, and she’ll tell Allison to come clear us out in the morning”
Ethan: “alright that’ll do”

Brad
Isis: “it doesn’t matter, where’d you go, where did you disappear too”
Brad: “I’m here now”
Isis: “where were you”
Brad: “needed time okay, time to think”
Isis: “without telling me”
Brad: “Yeah look, I’m sorry, but I always come back”
Isis: “every week you're like this, you have days where you don’t care about anyone, not Alex, not me and not even your ex”
Brad: “your the one who mentions her, your more concerned of a girl who doesn’t even threaten you than I am”
Isis: “who wouldn’t be, I’m a sane person”
Brad: “I’m sick of the fighting, please stop okay, I want you”
Isis: “when you need me, when big daddy wants me to stroke his ego, play with the shaft of his arrogance, make him feel erect”
Brad: “the words you are using”
Isis: “that’s what a literary major gets you, but moreover, I need a guy who can be strong on his own”
Brad: “I am that”
Isis: “so where the hell were you, you were gone for over 24hrs, you don’t tell your friends, how am I supposed to know my baby is fine”
Brad: “I’m sorry alright”
Isis: “I need more than sorry, I need a real apology”
Brad: “what’s more real than sorry”
Isis: make it up to me!!”
Brad: “how?”
Isis: “I don’t know, now get out”
Brad: “and go where”
Isis: “I don’t wanna be with you right now, go to your room with Alex”
Brad: “Alex locked me out, he said that I ruined many nights for him because of me and And, and when you and I do it we kick him out so he’s taking revenge”
Isis: “so he found some hoe to have sex with”
Brad: “yes, his girlfriend came over”
Isis: “hmm, I’m sure that she is having a lovely time but that has nothing to do with me, get out”
Brad: “don’t you care”
Isis: “do you dare say that to me, you who disappeared because some guy said you never loved your ex, ask yourself how I feel”
Brad: “.........” I sigh and leave her room, I make my way to my car and it’s clear it’s gonna be a night in the back seat
Brad: “why is my life like this, I girlfriend who just doesn’t understand, people think I’m the bad guy, Ash, love of my life, probably doesn’t ever wanna see me again” why, I wanted to try and help make sure my girlfriend moved on, be the bad guy, and now, I’m all alone
Brad: “Alex is being an ass to me, Isis, Ross that fucker, he just keeps making me angry, I just wanna knock his brains out”
I unlock the car door, enter and lie in the back seat, I guess this is just gonna be another awful night.
In the dashboard I have some sleeping pills, I used them for those sleepless nights after I broke up with Ashe
I wonder, I really wonder, how many can I take before they kill me, I open the dash and notice there are 10, I don’t know the limit, but if I take all of them, then I guess, it might be enough

*Knock* *knock* *knock*

Who’s on my window! I look over, it’s a girl
Rachael: “hello Brad, hey, are you alright” I wipe the tears from my eyes, as quickly as I can, and open the window”
Brad: “heya, Rachael”
Rachael: “hello mister, you don’t usually sleep in your car, I’m sure this is because of Alex’s girl”
Brad: “Yeah, well I kind of deserve it because I did the same to him a few times”
Rachael: “yeah, so, I was kinda waiting to see when you’d come back, you look sober so I don’t think you went drinking when you pulled a Houdini”
Brad: “no-no, just doing me things”
Rachael has a beautiful smile, it’s warm and it glows, her teeth are so white, her hair is frilly but well put together and she seems genuine”
Rachael: “well just like how our house leader saved Alex, I’m here to save you, gotta bed with your name on it”
Brad: “oh it’s alright the car, is fine”
Rachael: “sorry mister but I’m not taking no for an answer, I might be an AP but I care about everyone, male or female and you seem like a guy who needs someone who cares right now”
How, was she here when I was talking to myself
Brad: “no Rachael please it’s fine”
Rachael: “look Brad, I know it’s been a bad day, but I’m giving you two options, you can either come with me to my room, where I took the liberty of setting up everything for you, or I can sleep on the ground in this parking lot, and you can, of course, let me suffer In the freezing cold, you don’t even have a blanket in there”
She’s persistent I’ll give her that
Brad: “.... fuck alright I’m coming”
I get out and we walk to the dorms
Rachael: “Brad?”
Brad: “yeah?”
Rachael: “it’s not my place to ask but, did Isis really let you sleep outside in your car”
Brad: “umm no, she’s umm, she’s sick, really sick, said I’d catch it too so”
Rachael: “so rather you die of hypothermia”
Brad: “no I forgot to ask her for a blanket that’s all, it was my fault really, too proud to go back and get it”
Rachael: “she didn’t offer it and make sure you left with one”
Brad: “she did, I just forgot to pick it up, I’m so absent-minded sometimes” she knows I’m bullshitting her but I don’t want a lecture about how I should move on, that’s Alex’s job!"
Rachael: “okay, anyway here we are”
She opens the door, and inside is a king-sized bed, with a maroon bed cover, on the bed is an Asian girl
Rachael: “what are you doing here”
Asumi: “got lonely, hey Brad, you look cute”
Rachael: “hey hey, time to go”
Asumi: “just wanted to make sure you behave yourself, Rachael”
Rachael: “behave myself”
Asumi: “don’t you worry, I wasn’t gonna tell if you didn’t”
Brad: “behave herself, what like is AP not allowed to do anything fun”
Asumi: “pretty sure this misbehaviour is not the kind AP has control over”
Brad: “I mean if a girl wants to misbehave she should have the right, although Rachael doesn’t seem like the misbehaving type”
Asumi: “this level of innocence”
Rachael: “enough!”
Brad: “okay, wait didn’t umm, didn’t Ash stay her”
Rachael: “she did, well she said I mustn’t tell you this, but this was her idea”
Brad: “what, to put me up here, so where is she sleeping, in her room!”
Rachael: “no she’s never going back there, isn’t you with Isis, right, so how could she be in her room, when Isis is there”
Brad: “right, forgot they are roommates”
Rachael: “Ash is in AP, she’s in the AP house now”
Brad: “huh, she got in, I thought it was over for her”
Rachael: “not anymore”
Asumi: “thanks to us”
Rachael: “anyway, what’s
more surprising is that Isis has her AP room, and decided to let you sleep in the car”
Brad: “yeah she doesn’t wanna get AP sick”
Rachael: “ohh Brad come on”
Brad: “can we not end the night on. Sour note, thanks for the room”
Rachael: “.... your welcome, let’s go Susu”
Asumi: “okay, Brad hey, look if the umm Ash Rachael Isis thing falls out, (mouths out)call me”
Rachael: “okay, get out”
They leave and close the door, I make myself comfortable on the bed, it’s so soft, they must have replaced the mattress they found here on campus. I remember the pills are still in my pocket, but I guess I don’t need helping sleeping anymore, I walk to the toilet and flush them!.

........................................................
It’s a new morning, I wake up pretty early but don’t feel any sense of urgency to get out of bed, Sunday, huh, long night, I guess it’s time to find a way to make Isis happy. I can’t believe Rachael was questioning her like that, I mean it’s not Rachael that has an issue with her right, but she is good friends with Ash, maybe they talked about her.

........................................................
In the Shower
Maybe they did, but then, why would Ash help me. Is she trying to set me and Ash up, that makes more sense given how she treats me, I guess?

Alex’s girlfriend is here, as well, I might meet her later on, all these shower thoughts, let me get out.

I assume I’m alone, and so I walk back to the bedroom, naked! that of course leads to

Rachael: “oh shit, sorry sorry sorry” I hide behind the bathroom door
Brad: “no my fault, my fault, sorry, I didn’t hear you come in”
Rachael: “no I should have let you know, I just wanted to give you some clothes I managed to collect from your room, I’ll just leave them here, I didn’t know how you like your outfits so, I got a bunch so that you can dress somewhat in your own style”
Brad: “okay, umm thanks but this is a little much”
Rachael: “there you go again, just acting like I shouldn’t be helping you” I... I don’t know what to say, I don’t to be ungrateful
Brad: “I get it’s just, I’m not used to being...helped”
Rachael: “well, believe it or not, there are people who actually care about you”
Brad: “yeah I realise that”
Rachael: “anyway let me go so you can change”
Brad: “wait, Rachael, I don’t wanna let you leave mad at me, you deserve better”
Rachael: “do, I?”
Brad: “yeah you do, so umm, pass me my clothes, I’ll dress up here and we can talk, maybe have a breakfast together”
Rachael: “okay, I’ll give you my time, we can’t be long though, I going to be grocery shopping with Janet soon”
Brad: “okay I won’t be long, just pass me the clothes” I have my hand on my genitals trying to hide, Rachael though seems to be trying to get a look

I start choosing what to wear from the bag
Brad: “you certainly know what I like to wear, did you pick these out”
Rachael: “ummm yeah, it was me, why”
Brad: “these are like all my favourite clothes”
Rachael: “yeah, guess I kinda thought they were the best”
Brad: “how did you get these from my room, Alex let you in”
Rachael: “yeah, I went this morning, he seemed cheery this morning soo, yeah”
Brad: “so we gotta go put the rest back right”
Rachael: “umm no, since I won’t be staying here anytime soon, I guess you can keep them here unless you wanna go back to your room with Alex”
Brad: “umm no, your bed, was so comfortable last night”
Rachael: “okay, so are you ready” yes I was
Brad: “let’s go”



Reece
Reece: “morning frost crew”
Tyler: “stop, just stop”
Reece: “some bros were hugging last night, hugging like their life depended on it, did you kiss too”
Ethan: “enough you know we had to do it”
Tyler: “I can’t believe Bruce”
Ethan: “I talked to him this morning, he called back, said he had something distract him, he offered to pay half for heat since he forgot”
Reece: “hey, there’s light at the end of the romantic situation”
Tyler: “not gonna shut up about this”
Reece: “nope, never! it was, too good, soo, ready to go, Allison, is gonna be here in a few minutes”
Tyler: “sure, can we get some coffee before”
Reece: “are you gonna pay for it”
Ethan: “really, after the night we had”
Reece: “hmm, after the night you had, I had to make my boss come drive around in the middle of the night, then... I had to ask her to stay here, I ask you again, are you gonna pay for it”
Ethan: “fine I’ll pay, just make it”
Reece: “thought so, you know how weird it was being in there with her”
Tyler: “why would it be weird, you come home together all the time”
Reece: “it was weird, ohh never mind it wasn’t”
Ethan: “wait why would it be weird”
Reece: “it’s... because I realised how pretty she is”
Tyler: “ohh so your gonna ask her out”
Reece: “ummm no, I don’t think she’d go for me”
Tyler: “why I mean she’s into you”
Reece: “I’m still pretty sure she’s not”
Ethan: “hurry up and make the coffee”
Reece: “okay grumpy, but imagine if I didn’t have my phone, or you couldn’t get a hold of me, would you guys have spent the night like that”
Tyler: “could we not talk about last night”
Ethan: “agreed!”
Reece: “alright, alright”

——————————————————

Allison’s unlocks the door and enters
Allison: “Reece, tell your boys to get up and get out”
Reece: “right Allison, you two drink quickly, I’m not losing more wages because of you”
Allison: “you boys though, When Cassie told me, I couldn’t believe it”
Tyler: “another joker”
Allison: “learn to take a joke boys, it’s never too late to come out of the closet”
Reece: “hahaha”

We leave and make our way back to the apartment, when we get there the heat is working

Ethan: “ohh thank goodness, I guess Bruce kept his word”
Tyler: “nice! I’m
off to bed”
Ethan: “guess we’ll watch yesterday’s match highlights”
Reece: “yeah, I was wondering what happened yesterday”
We watched the match highlights for a while, trying to pass the day
Bruce did come over and we did have to pay him half for the heating
He did feel sorry for Ethan,


——————————————————


Alex
Janice: “stop, playing with it”
Alex: “I didn’t know it was so sensitive”
Janice: “well of course it is”
Alex: “I mean, if you had told me, I’d have definitely touched it more”
I flick it
Janice: “Alex stop, babe please”
Alex: “well, it’s just, so, cute and it sticks out”
I flick it again
Janice: “ahhh okay, enough we’ve been having fun all morning, get away from me”
Alex: "never thought I'd hear those words from your mouth”
Janice: “your playing with my belly button like a toy, stop, okay, it’s not the good kind of sensitive”
Alex: “yeah, but sensitive nonetheless” I flick again, and this time she pushes me off the bed
Janice: “you have a problem, sir, a big problem”
Alex: “tell me something new”
I get up, the marathons of cuddling, kissing and sex seem to have made me forget what time or what day it is, Janice said it was morning
Janice: “new, so your obsession over small things isn’t new to you”
Alex: “umm, nope not really...I’m hungry”
Janice: “think we finished the pizza from yesterday”
Alex: “it was delicious though, we should order it again”
Janice: “not used to take out from here”
Alex: “try to save money so don’t order much”
Janice: “alright, that’s good, that’s really good so what are saving for”
Alex: “you’ll see babe, you will see”
I notice my phone, I decided to
check how many people were looking for me
4 missed calls from Ethan, huh? Why would he call me desperately like this
Alex: “Ethan may be in trouble”
Janice: “what kind?”
Alex: “don’t know J, (I call him back) I hope it’s nothing serious”

——————————————————

Alex: “so everything is fine”
Ethan: (on-call) yeah, Cassie and Reece helped us out, no thanks to you”
Alex: “sorry, not sorry”
Ethan: “really, what happened to friends first”
Alex: “you must see it from my perspective”
Ethan: “what’s your perspective”
Alex: “it’s J”
Ethan: “is that so”
Alex: “yes mister secret girlfriend”
Ethan: “......”
Alex: “don’t play the blame game with me, my friend, you will always lose”
Ethan: “whatever!”
Alex: “relax, it’s cool, you're fine”
Ethan: “I am relaxed, just tired of getting laughed at”
Alex: “It would be wrong to laugh behind your back”
Ethan: “fine, how was your night, I’m sure eventually you started hating each other”
Alex: “she only just now threw me off the bed”
Janice: “touch me there again, and I won’t stop at throwing”
Alex: “babe don’t say that, you know that motivates me more”
Janice: “dammit!”
Ethan: “you two sound like you're having fun”
Alex: “we are” a second call arrives, an unknown number
Alex: “could you hold on, I’m getting another call”
Ethan: “sure, talk soon” I switch to the other call

Jodie: “Alex, please help me, please!”
Alex: “Jodie, Jodie, what?” the call cuts
I give worried towards Janice, who was smiling but realises something is wrong
Janice: “what is it?”

Joe
now where she went”
I should have killed her when I had the chance, killed her and acted like a mourning husband, I can fake falling love, I can fake mourning
Jackie: “sir she was in her room when I checked earlier today, she had not moved from last night”
Joe: “listen to me if you don’t find her, you will wish you never knew me”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “and tell that’s groundskeeper to stop acting like he didn’t see her live, and go looking too” if I was a desperate girl with parents who barely care about me, lots of money in my card and... an old crush!
Joe: “shit!”
She couldn’t have gone to the airport, not in her condition, because if she wanted me to go to jail, she’d have called the police. No, that leaves the bus stop and the train, where does that ass learn again, right Chester University.
Joe: “Jackie!!, (where is the dumb maid) Jackie, come here, Jackie!! “
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “I’m going to the train station if she comes back, tell me!”
Jackie: “yes sir”
I scramble into my car, she was clever, taking an Uber, most likely she ordered it beforehand, then pretended to be asleep, hmm...this wouldn’t be a problem. Normally her going to Alex even in that condition isn’t an issue, her parents want this marriage to stick.
However it would be an issue if appears that way in public, not even her parents can stop social media from talking. Once external organisations get involved, they will of course play the concerned parents who can’t believe the monster their daughter fell in love with, throw me under the bus.
Joe: “what a mess, alongside dads request, not the worst day of my life, yet right up there”
I get in my car, it’s not slow, so I should be able to get there, but assuming I don’t let’s make a precautionary plan
I dial my phone

Joe: “Hello, hey, listen I need a favour
Phone: “what kind of favour”
Joe: “how close are you to Chester”
Phone: “Chester, the university, that’s a state away, I can make it there by car”
Joe: “Okay, good, you know my wife”
Phone: “that white pale girl”
Joe: “Yeah, we got into a disagreement, and she’s trying to be, a bit of a nuisance”
Phone: “define disagreement”
Joe: “let’s just say her head isn’t in the best state”
Phone: “best state, I see, well, I do owe you for the farm, moving the product is so easy when police think it’s all just green vegetables”
Joe: “so you will help me”
Phone: “you want me to finish what you started, takes blame away from you and we get to keep to the assets”
Joe: “no-no, we need her for the future”
Phone: “how important is she”
Joe: “crucial, if we want to take over my fathers business, we need to make sure, she is alive”
Phone: “so how do I deal with this”
Joe: “I’m on the chase, but she’s not stupid, she knows I’ll be after her, and I think she had this planned for a while”
Phone: “not the first time you messed her up”
Joe: “the first time it was this bad, it would have been easier if she was dead, but I realise that she has a part to play”
Phone: “okay, so I pick her up from Chester”
Joe: “yes, I think she’ll probably make it there, if she does, she’ll be with a guy named Alex, don’t know his last name, but he is known to be her friend so I’m sure you can find his picture and trace his whereabouts”
Phone: “and after I take care, is she Carte Blanche or”
Joe: “keep her alive, not Carte Blanche, but feel free to slap her if she doesn’t know to shut up”
Phone: “right, we could play kidnapped card”
Joe: “hmmm.. it could get her inline”
Phone: “yes, and would save you some frustration if she blindly keeps following you”
Joe: “if she does end up at Chester, I’ll need to wait a month before I can come to pick her up, especially if she meets with Alex”
Phone: “this Alex guy isn’t a worry right”
Joe: “none, absolutely none”
Phone: “okay, I’ll get some guys to scout her out”
Joe: “okay good”
I get to the train station, she could have already gotten a ticket, the way these work, is all you need is to show the ticket and your ID, if they match you get in, an airport because of airport security, would have to search her, again if she wanted me to go to jail she’d call the police. So definitely just trying to escape me, unless I’m missing something here

Announcer “Now Boarding, now boarding, passengers going to Westridge route, last call”
Joe: “just my luck”, I jump the bars, and soon enough security are on my take, since well I guess you can’t jump the bars
There she is, sitting on the window, a hoodie covers her face, but I recognise the blonde hair, but I don’t get too far before being brought down
Officer: “sir, stand down”
Second Officer: “we got a forced entry on deck 3, I’m gonna need you to calm down sir”
And the train left in front of my eyes, it’s not like I had a chance to stop her really, even if I was on time, I was just lucky to find her, immediately, I might have even been wrong about the girl in the hoodie. Guess it’s all up to my precaution
Joe: “officers, I’m sorry, forgot there was a law against just jumping on trains”

I get detained all day before being fined a couple of thousand bugs, and of course given a 6-month ban from the station as if I’d ever use their crappy service. 
I get home, and Jackie is waiting for me, she has supper ready, and I’m trying to think why I hired her.
When we moved into this house, even though once again, the girls family paid for it, she was hired because I thought she was sexy, yes that was it. Jackie serves me and can tell I’m having a bad day, so she’s being extra careful with everything
Joe: “where is Samuel”
Jackie: “he went, home sir”
Joe: “Right, right and you are still here tonight”
Jackie: “yes sir, I didn’t want you to come back home without a proper meal”
Joe: “Okay, that’s good, listen, what happened here, yesterday and today, no one can know”
Jackie: “of course Sir, is there anything I can get you”
Joe: “no you can go home” she turns around and it seems she is about to leave but she stands there and turns back around
Jackie: “sir, ummm I just want to umm, be honest about how Jodie left”
Joe: “hmm, you helped her”
Jackie: “.....yes sir, I did, I’m sorry for lying to you, I was, I was scared and she was scared you’d kill her, and I’m so sorry, please if you want to”
Joe: “huh it can’t be helped, now at least, what’s done is done, but I suppose there should be a punishment”
Jackie: “yes sir a punishment”
Joe: “or do you prefer I fire you”
Jackie: “no sir a punishment is very appropriate, thank you for your mercy”
Joe: “good, take off your uniform”
Jackie: “right here sir, right now!”
Joe: “yes here and now, I don’t like repeating myself”
Jackie: “sorry sir”
Jackie, slowly, removes her uniform, showing exactly why I hired her
Joe: “leave the panties and bra, it’s fine for now, stand there! feel free to stand in whatever way you find comfortable but you're not going anywhere”
Jackie: “yes sir”
I continue finishing my meal, I’m not usually this hungry, but after struggling against those officers, I was in need of a big supper, Jackie did well to oblige with lots of side dishes. Her cooking skills were especially good.
Joe: “This was excellent, Jackie” Jackie: “thank you sir” she seems to let out a shy smile, and I’m sure standing only in her heels, bra and panties is adding to the embarrassment
Joe: “now come here”
Jackie walks over, she’s timid but her stride suggests confidence
Joe: “turn around”
I finally get to view that ass of hers, I do love black asses, may it’s heritage, but Jodie's ass doesn’t get me going like a fine bubble but ass like Jackie, her uniform doesn’t do her justice
Joe: “tomorrow, you will go get a tighter uniform so that I can see the definition of your behind, is that understood,” I say that and follow it up with a spank
Jackie: “yes, sir, yes it’s understood”, I kiss her ass to show my appreciation for her obedience, her body shivers in excitement, I rub her thighs, her panties are white, laced, but I can she choose a really skimpy size
Joe: “why are you wearing such skimpy panties Jackie”
Jackie: “sir it’s, just a coincidence, I usually have a more appropriate set”
Joe: “Is that so, I like these though, this isn’t a command Jackie, but would you wear more of these for me”
Jackie: “well sir it won’t mean much if you don’t see them”
Joe: “are you willing to show me daily”
Jackie: “so your not going back”
Joe: “not anytime soon, I still have a business to take care of here but I do want you to be around to make my life a little more (spank)”
Jackie: “oooh ahh”
Joe: “a little more enjoyable, so are you willing to show me”
Jackie: “yes sir, do you have a colour preference”
Joe: “black, just like your skin is my preference” I push away from the table
Joe: “I’ve made space for you, come  over me and bend your ass over”
Jackie: “sir...”
Joe: “don’t worry Jackie, I just want to see your ass, I’m sure embarrassment is a very nice punishment, I am being a nice guy here”
Jackie: “yes sir”
she puts her leg over my lap, places her hands and head on the table and her ass is now well in front of my face
Joe: “excellent, spread your legs a bit more” she does as so, her ass cheeks still remain well-closed”
Joe: “your ass is tight isn’t it, tell me, Jackie, how many times have you been with a man, or do you have a boyfriend now”
Jackie: “no sir, umm I stay with my grandmother ahhh and she doesn’t let me see boys”
Joe: “what got you to become a maid” I’m meanwhile rubbing and kissing her ass
Jackie: “ahhh fuck, sorry sir I mean... it’s hard for me to concentrate, I went to college and got my degree in business management”
Joe: “oh I see, I remember you telling me that when I interviewed you”
Jackie: “yes so, I tried to find a job, but couldn’t and grandma couldn’t afford to send me through for more school, so I had to, umm I had to.. fuck, sir I’m sorry, what you're doing feels really like good”
Joe: “yes keep going”
Jackie: “then, I went and looked for work, was working at a restaurant for a while, got fired, then worked as a secretary, got fired there as well”
Joe: “why did you keep getting fired”
Jackie: “oooh god, fuck, I was, always getting involved with, the boss, and so, we’d get caught and then I’d end up being fired”
Joe: “soo nothing new here hey”
Jackie: “well yes, but, I don’t wanna be fired by Mrs Ferguson, she’s really nice to me”
Joe: “Jodie is really nice to you isn’t she, I can be nice to you, if you do what I say, I’ll make sure you work here until you get the job of your dreams”
Jackie: “yes, sir” I move her panties away, and rub my knuckle on her slit, she’s wet”
Joe: “you know I thought you were the sexiest applicant we got”
Jackie: “yes sir thank you”
Joe: “I remember that day like it was yesterday, you wore a pencil skirt and a top, you were nice and polite”
Jackie: “oh well I do appreciate....haaaaa that’s so good”
I put one finger in her
Joe: “you like that Jackie”
Jackie: “yes sir but I’m not too sure we should”
Joe: “I will tell you what we should be doing! take your hands and spread your ass for me”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Jackie reached back and pulls her ass cheeks apart
Jackie: “like this”
Joe: “exactly like that”
I lick the slit, I can taste her, it’s clear that she’s really wet
Joe: “my Jackie, there must be a thing you have for the boss”
Jackie: “I...I...I don’t know”
it’s funny, Jackie, is just a few years older than me but she’s so submissive, it’s beautiful, I love girls like this, who do as I say
Joe: “enough of this, Jackie, get on your knees”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “take off your bra, I wanna see your breasts”
she undoes the back and drops it off
Jackie: “you like them, sir”
Joe: “yes they are really beautiful Jackie, now I believe you are aware, what I expect you to do”
Jackie: “yes sir” I undo my belt
Joe: “have you given a blowjob before”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “perfect”
I drop my pants and my dick flops out
Jackie: “sir you're so”
Joe: “please Jackie, enough talking, put it in your mouth, I expect to only hear the sound of your throat gagging” Jackie once again, is obedient as always trying to take all of it at once
Jackie: “khhqqqq kqqh” Jackie immediately gags but is aware enough to spit right back on top of it, before continuing the effort
This feels heavenly for me, and I close my eyes and relax
Joe: “that’s a good girl Jackie, put it in your throat, don’t forget to lick up and down, use your boobs too if you can” Jackie takes all my advice on board, sometimes placing her breasts around my shaft and rubbing it
Joe: “fuck that’s great” I move her hair out of the way, it’s not long so it’s not a big impedance, my hand strokes her head like she’s a puppy playing with her favourite toy
Joe: “good girl, lick the balls too”
Jackie: “yes sir” she licks the base of my dick, and does the same with my balls, soon she has them all in her mouth, still working my shaft with her hand
Joe: “ohh Jackie, ready for your treat for your good behaviour”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “stand back up”
She does so
Joe: “right, now, I want you to ride your toy
Jackie: “yes sir” Jackie puts her legs on the side of my chair, aiming to sit on me, she stops short and pulls her panties away, she then guides her self onto my dick.
Jackie: “oooooooooohhh fucuuuukk”
Joe: “ride your toy, Jackie, up and down” she tries to keep her balance then begins going up and down
Her pace increases as soon as she gets her rhythm, she’s quick and hard, but sometimes slows down and tries to feel every inch
Joe: “you love your toy ?”
Jackie: “yes I do, it’s my favourite toy ever”
Joe: “keep going, don’t stop do you understand”
Jackie: “yes sir” that feeling of her ass cheeks bouncing up and down, that feeling is to die for
Joe: “fuck yes, bounce those tits up and down for me” she does better and smothers me in them, her growing confidence is showing
Jackie: “do you like them In your face sir”
Joe: “yes I do stop!!” She immediately stops moving
Joe: “it seems you are enjoying yourself and this was supposed to be a punishment”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “Go back to your original position”
Jackie: “yes sir” she puts her head and hands on the table, and her ass is back in my face
This time stand up, I get my belt
Joe: “I think we’re gonna ad-lib the number of spankings which are appropriate”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “Good!”, SPANK!! I start as hard as a possibly can with my first, it leaves a mark as well
Jackie: “ahhhhh sir please I’m sorry”
Joe: “you said you were willing to take your punishment, did you think it was all gonna be fun and games and you go without learning a lesson”
Jackie: “no sir I didn’t mean to”
Joe: “you don’t (SPANK!!) ever let (SPANK!!) Jodie leave here (SPANK!!) without my (SPANK!!) Permission”
Jackie: “yes sir”
Joe: “good girl, this is my favourite thing about you, aside from your loyalty, of course, this ass, hurting it is painful to me too, I love it so much, so don’t make me hurt what I love, the marks will remind me how much of a bad girl you are”
Jackie: “yes sir, ”
Joe: “now, time to finish our game, back on your knees”
Jackie gets back, her legs are trembling a bit, the confidence has vanished, sad but necessary. I pull her hair, toward my dick, Jackie, however, doesn’t waver, she begins licking, her morale may be down because the fervour of her licks has gone, but she’s still putting an effort

It doesn’t take long for the bitch to start using all her tools, her hands start stroking my cock, and although she’s now hiding her face, she clearly has a determination to please me.
Joe: “keep that up, lick them, I’m gonna cum on that pretty face”
Jackie with renewed vigour takes them into her mouth, and that's all it takes, I cum
And she lets it drip down my shaft all over her face

Alex
Alex: “what do you mean you haven’t talked to her”
Soren: (on-call) “I don’t know what else you want from me Alex, she doesn’t talk to me, or anyone really, she only talks to you”
Alex: “dammit, sigh okay thanks”
Soren: “let me know when you find her”
Alex: “she’s halfway across the country, how can we even find her, we’re not even close”
Soren: “yeah this is a bad situation, what did Joe say”
Alex: “I don’t have his number, but more importantly if Joe is around, why would she call me”
Soren: “unless Joe did whatever made her call you”
Alex: “yeah, I’m thinking that’s the case”
Soren: “but Joe, maybe she just trusts you more than him”
Alex: “Even then, I can’t do much from here, and she’s over there, you are much closer to her and she didn’t call you, Joe even if he was on his farm, would be there in a few hours, I’d need to get a flight or train, it doesn’t make sense to call me”
Soren: “well Alex I don’t know what to tell you, you really think Joe could do anything to hurt her”
Alex: “I don’t know, he doesn’t seem like the kind of guy but you never know”
Soren: “okay, I’ll call mom and dad and ask them”
Alex: “good” Janice was trying to contact the police department in Greenfield, where Jodie lived, it’s however unlikely that they’d know anything
Janice: “babe... they said that they haven’t had any girl matching her description come in”

Alex: “where could she be then, I mean she called this morning, it’s clear she had the phone for a very short time, but then... how did... I don’t know, how did she get my number or why call me like that”
Janice: “maybe she’s just having a meltdown, and we overreacted and she’s in her house safe”
Alex: “I called her phone, I tried her landline, no answer, and her parents are god knows where doing god knows what”
Janice: “I understand what you mean, look, babe, we just need to calm down”
Alex: “I can’t”
Janice: “babe, please, it’ll be okay, alright look, let’s go to the guys, they will help us, give us ideas”
How, did this happen, Jodie, I have to find her

*Knock* *knock*
Janice: “Okay good the AP girls are here” she opens the door
Janice: “Alex!?”
Alex: “yeah”
Janice: “come over here”
Alex: “why, isn’t it the AP girls at the door”

At the door, her face bruised, her hair covered in blood, her lip swollen, with a black hoodie. Her tears ruining the makeup she used to hide her injuries, her clothes not even matching
Jodie: “Alex?, I’m sorry to involve you, I just needed someone, who I can”
Alex: “Jodie!!”
I run over and pull off her hoodie, and hug her, I try to do it softly, I don’t want to hurt her any more than she has already gone through
Jodie: “love!!, someone I can love”

there is a group meeting in our room...
Danielle: “we tell the police, We have to trust some structure”
Alex: “we don’t have all the information”
Rachael: “we don’t know if the police will help her”
Janet: “I mean honestly this is crazy, what world do we live in where we can’t call the police”
Janice: “you act like the world is supposed to be perfect”
Tyler: “I just think this Joe guy, he hasn’t called us asking for demands or anything, he must clearly not be afraid”
Ethan: “unless he knew she was coming over here, maybe he thinks we will call him”
Reece: “this is a bit silly, to think, it’s obvious, Joe is a drug dealer”
The room gives Reece a look of contempt
Danielle: “nonsense aside, I feel it’s best we talk to some form of law enforcement, we’re not secret agents, this isn’t a detective show where we suddenly have amazing skills, this is real, she’s running from an abuser, we must put the system in place to do its job”
Alex: “The system isn’t perfect, we can’t afford to risk her life, and in any case, she said we can’t call the police”
Asumi: “why?”
Brad: “we can go and take the fight to Joe right, I mean, it won’t be that hard, me Jericho, Tyler, Alex we let Joe know what’s up!”
Ash: “and then what, they are still married”
Jason: “we can force a divorce if we prove that there was abuse”
Alex: “you act like court cases are that simple”
Rebecca: “Aren’t they, and doesn’t she have her own voice”
Danielle: “have some class, Rebecca”
Rebecca: “Alex seems to be talking on her behalf, what does she want”
Jodie clutches my arm harder
Alex: “what she wants is to be safe, and she’s willing to go with what we decide”
Janice: “but she won’t tell us everything”
Alex: “she’s in shock, how can she”
Janice: “ooookay”
Jericho: “I just think that we can’t really help in any way, even if we wanted to, who is gonna keep her here, take care of her, make sure Joe doesn’t find her”
Jason: “this Joe guy seems like he is smart enough to know she’s here
with pretty boy Alex”
Craig: “but why hasn’t he contacted her or Alex” Annie is nursing Jodie's ankle, she sprained it running to the school
She’s the only one with adequate hospital work experience
Annie: “Jodie, do you mind twisting it, I want to see how far it turns”
Jodie has her thumb in her mouth, it’s almost like she’s regressed to being a toddler, nodding her head in agreement, she does what Annie asks but flinches after a few inches turning, she’s still only holding on to me, something I can sense is upsetting Janice who is standing behind me
Brad: “maybe he’s afraid we will tell the police, maybe he’s been afraid all this time”
Ross: “that doesn’t even make sense, why would he be afraid, unlike you, other people don’t get scared after abusing women”
Brad: “what did you say!! To me!!”
Alex: “Calm down!!” Ash: “Hey Ross, I thought you promised to be nice”
Aubrey: “nice work, really nice work, you came here to butt heads again” Simone: “it’s every day with you guys” Summer: “can’t you just chill for five minutes” Ari: “I mean like can we get back in the topic”
Tyler: “well we all seem to not have a clue what to do”
Danielle: “I have one, witness protection”
Alex: “she travelled across the country, just to get to where I am, she’s been In train for 13 hours, without stepping out and she ran from the station over here”
Janice: “geez we get it”
Ash: “it’s clear we can’t let her go back to him”
Reece: “no, but where can we keep, her, until we get a better plan”
Jason: “not my place obviously”
Rebecca: “there needs to be someone who can protect her, staying there at all times”
Rachael: “with constant access to Alex right”
Ash: “yeah, somewhere we all know”
Asumi: “on campus, because we can’t really make it obvious”
Jericho: “AP house?”
Annie: “no one can protect her there, not physically anyway, and involving all the AP girls”
Danielle: “definitely not AP house”
Janice: “how about here with Alex”
Ethan: “they know he is here with her”
Janice: “where else??”
Brad: “with me, right Rachael”
Ash: “wait what do you mean with you”
Rachael: “in my dorm room, I don’t use it”
Ash: “why with you though”
Brad: “I can protect her”
Jason: “Can’t argue there”
Ross: “no, way, we can’t surely let”
Rebecca: “I swear talk one more time and there will be two people in this room who would have  knocked you out” Ross seems extremely agitated
Ash: “Ross, why don’t you stand outside okay, we’re almost done”
Ross: “yes outside please, thanks”
Ross reluctantly leaves
Summer: “makes sense, we all at AP know Rachael’s room”
Danielle: “And it’s not far from Alex”
Simone: “yeah, but we do trust Brad to not make a situation worse”
The room becomes silent for a while

Alex: “I trust him” 
Brads face is a mixture of shock and joy
Annie: “that being said, someone will need to check on them, and Brad, I guess no more disappearing”
Isis: “amen to that!”
Simone: “hahaha” Simone bumps her hand into Isis, and they smile together
Craig: “what do we do meanwhile though, just sit on our asses”
Danielle: “find out everything we can on Joe, what he does, where he works, his past his history”
Asumi: “and do what with it”
Danielle: “we use it, my dear Watson”
Ethan: “we could try to find something to pin on him, publicise him as an enemy”
Jodie clutches me harder and shakes her head
Alex: “that’s a no Ethan, no public, we have to figure this out behind closed doors”
Danielle: “that limits us heavily”
Jason: “but it’s doable”
Rebecca: “we need to get a full story eventually, Alex, she’ll tell you, then you’ll be able to share with us”
Alex: “I’ll share the details only with Danielle if I do get the full story”
Jericho: “so can we mention her outside the rooms, or”
Danielle: “it’s important that you don’t”
Rachael: “so we need to get her supplies, things she can do when we’re not there”
Tyler: “maybe have a schedule for who gets to visit”
Janice: “that’s a bit much, she doesn’t know most of you”
Jodie: whispers “yes I do”
Alex: “hey.....what did you say”
Jodie: “I said I don’t know most of you, Brad is Alex’s roommate and best friend, Jericho is the ex-best friend, Tyler, Reece and Ethan are the new crew Alex hangs with, Danielle old babysitter, Rebecca old friend, Ash, used to date Brad now they broke up, Rachael, was at my going away party, Umm... oh Jason hosts parties here on campus, Jock and jerk, umm Asumi and Summer are AP members, Janet did a study group with Alex and...”
Brad: “just how much does she know about us”
Alex: “I tell her everything”
Jodie: “...yeah”
Danielle: “that saves us Introductions”
Ethan: “wait Danielle was your babysitter”
Alex: “fucksake here we go”
Annie: “now is not the time, if she’s aware of who we are it saves us having to explain things to her, so it means anyone can watch over her right”
Rebecca: “ohh Ash and Brad broke up, that explains why that fool was acting like that”

Danielle: “okay clear out, Rachael you and Brad will escort Alex with Jodie to the new room, Is there an extra bed?”
Rachael: “there’s an extra mattress”
Brad: “I can sleep on that”
Alex: “ so can I”
Danielle: “since it’s the first night and she only just started talking, Alex you’ll sleep there tonight, also Alex can me and you talk outside after everyone leaves”

Alex: “Uhuh”
The room clears almost everyone we trust leaves and makes their way to their rooms, I spot Brad talking to Isis, it looks like the situation has solved what disagreement they have or had, Tyler, Reece and Ethan go home, so do the AP girls
Annie: “if she has terrors at night or starts trembling, or faints, call me Alex, she has a concussion, she needs to rest, no stressful circumstances”
Danielle: “Speaking of stressful exercises, Alex, I need to warn you, that while I know your relationship with Janice is important to you, this is life and death”
Alex: “so I should not be with Janice”
Danielle: “not in front of her, and try to avoid the stress of your relationship and how you guys could’ve been, she needs a friend now, not a potential partner”
Alex: “sigh”
Danielle: “sorry to ruin the fun”
Annie: “without a real physician I can only do so much, I do want my friend, Sarah, to look at her and get a proper assessment, she’s healthy enough she doesn’t need a hospital but that gash on her head worries me”

Alex: “This is a lot to take in”
Danielle: “baby, how are you doing”
Alex: “I’m..”
Danielle: “I haven’t forgotten how other peoples pain becomes your own” she hugs me, I haven’t hugged my babysitter in a long time
Danielle hugs me
Danielle: “we will help her okay”
Rebecca pats my back
Rebecca: “she has you, she’ll be fine okay”
Janice quickly runs out the door, Janice: “Alex your phone is ringing, it’s an unknown number, and.. when it rang, Jodie hid In the bathroom”


