The Dark Ages of Wolves
By M. Inks

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
From the Author

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

M. Inks
Chapter One
Fire
Jade:
I lay wide awake in bed, unable to sleep. The sounds of the night are haunting me again. The typical occasional owl hooting, the clicking and shuffling of a horse, and the yelling about around the city streets. The growling of one of the wolf Guardians on patrol must be passing by. I’ve listened to their growling and the screams that follow alone for years. I take a deep breath. You never get used to it. Being alone doesn’t help much, either. I close my eyes and pull the covers over my head to hide from the night’s horrors.
Sunshine shines through the dreary clouds onto my dark brown hair. I blend with the light grays and faded grays of village traffic. Guardians patrol the streets. I veer out of the way of someone behind shoved backward. The last thing I need is a run-in with one of the beasts. The savage brutes have been running to town for so long, yet they still feel the need to throw their weight around. As if we weren’t scared enough. They’re always bullying someone. All I need today are a few things from the market. It’d be nice to pick up some pickled fish and freshwater.
“Stop him!” a voice roars, followed by a loud howling. Heavy panting, snarling and barking like that of a pack of dogs race this way. I whirl around wide-eyed.
“Move it,” a gruff, haggard voice grumbles. Someone throws me aside straight into a wall. I stumble, falling to the dirt dizzy. Meanwhile, trouble goes roaring by. I watch the town guards zoom past me; their pointed ears, ugly thick white claws lashing out, and teeth snapping at the air. I sit their paralyzed, the world spinning.
"Watch where you’re going,” growls a voice. The black and blue dots dancing in my eyes disappear, finally allowing me to see the man in the long, fiery red cloak. With my arm in a vice, they yank me upright. The face of a young man; looking to be about my age, with green eyes and brown hair stares down at me, growling in frustration.
"What's your name?" he demands to know. Again, my lips tremble, but I’m wordless. He yanks me to my feet and shoves me backward. Some people scatter, and others watch. They all know what’s to happen. The same fate that befalls any other weak human that runs into bad luck with a Guardian. My breathing hitches up, and my eyes dart about left and right for help. Eyes dodge me. Even as I blink and breathe right now, I am dead to them now.
"Ja-" I breathe. His fist hits the wall making me immediately scrunch up. I drop my eyes, holding my breath from his wolfish eyes. I risk a glance up, catching sight 0of his wolfish teeth. He pulls me forward and throws me back. My hood falls around my shoulders. What’s he waiting for?
"What's... what's your name?" the Guardian asks again, glaring down at me. He lifts my chin, his wolf-like eyes burning into mine. My eyes water and I fight to blink back my tears. Answer him, you yutz, and maybe you’ll walk away from this.
"J-J- Jade,” I stutter. The corners of his lips twitch into a subtle smile. Another guardian is coming up to his side, claws out, and canines protruding. He wears a matching red cloak.
"Need any help, Hunter? The humans have been quite troublesome lately," offers a tall blonde-haired boy coming this way. His hair is rather messy, and his eyes are light brown, like a chestnut.
"No, I can handle any human, Eric," Hunter complains sourly. His yellow eyes narrow, and I feel his grip on my neck tighten up. Hunter growls sharply, rushing at me. I scream, scrambling backward toward a stack of crates and boxes away from the monsters. "I'm letting her go," Hunter finally decides, his eyes veer away, “We have more concerns to worry about. Like the barbarians,”
"Yes, sir," Eric answers. I watch them walk off, not only leaving me behind but also alive. Guardians never leave humans they encounter live. They slaughter them, throw their innards about, and eat them. Yet here I am still alive, just so confused. My thoughts race, throbbing painfully. It's just- I should be dead. My body shouldn’t be walking, my heart shouldn’t be beating. It should be cold, and my soul moving on. I collect my wits, still stunned, and run from the area. Why was I spared? Perhaps this is some trick?
"Hello, Jade- Jade,” my friend calls to me. I find her blue eyes staring with minor concern for me.
"Oh, good afternoon Abbey,” I greet her, offering an apologetic smile for reassurance. Honestly, besides my rattled nerves, the two hadn’t really hurt me.
"What happened back there? Are you all alright? Did they hurt you?" Abbey wonders.
"I’m..." I stammer, "I'm okay, I guess. They let me go," I tell. Abbey pauses, her hands on my shoulders while she gives me a once over. Her eyes search for anything but find nothing, not even a scratch.
"Lucky girl, not everyone gets so lucky with those beasts,” she notes, thinking of her own family, I’m sure.
"I know, I was scared, and I still am," I admit, "What if they come after me, and they kill me. Or the guards beat me repeatedly until I beg for death?" I ramble on, “I- I’m scared, Abbey, I still am!” I blurt out.
"Stop it! You’re going to give yourself and me a headache,” Abbey complains, "We’re just of a couple of girls going about our own business, Jade. We don't break laws or cause trouble. They won’t bother you again. And if they do, run, run away,”
“Oh, I’ll never let them take me. I’d rather die by the hands of those monsters,” I murmur, “Or those barbaric folks,”
“Hm, I hear the barbarians have been hunting werewolves,” Abbey brings them up again.
“That’s crazy talk, Abbey, what mere man could stand up to the likes of those monsters. They’re too strong,” I remind her.
“But it’s true. Jade, I’m telling you a revolution is coming that’s going to turn the game around on the wolves,” Abbey declares, “Just last week those barbarians robbed a local market. They stole all their goods and then robbed the wolf tax collectors,” Abbey informs me, earning herself some looks from eavesdroppers. I chuckle, rolling my eyes at her conspiracy theory. Goodness, it’s a beautiful dream of hers. Having a friend by my side is more than reassuring. If anything went wrong, I’d have someone by my side to get me through it. The cheap markets are rather smelly with old, preserved meats and picked vegetables. The smell of pickling brines reek. Abbey and I can’t get away from it soon enough. I roam about the villages of cottages and withering flowerbeds nearby. Finally, I reach the camp I call home. It’s about the size of Abbey’s closet, but it’s warm and secure. Its wooden walls are full of gaps and cracks in which I’ve stuffed mud and grasses in to block out drafts. It offers little space, and though nothing but a shack, provides some peace of mind. I turn at the smell of smoke; curiosity guides me to a distant stream of dark smoke. The harsh burning is horrible. All hairs stand on end. Someone, somewhere, is screaming for help. I crouch down in my safe little shack, my arms around myself. It’s okay, you’re safe. The smoke fills my lungs and scorching my throat. The foul air forces me up and out.
"The barbarians are attacking!" people are screaming. One person bolts pass me. Then another flees. Flaming heat blows down the street. A set of yellow eyes lock in on me. It’s that one guy, the first one I encountered. His lips curl up, showing off his teeth. Here he comes. I take off. Tears stream down my face. My lungs expand desperately for air. I don’t even know where to go. People are falling left and right. Blood will stain these streets tonight. Why are they doing this? Why now? Someone blocks me, but it’s not the wolf boy I’d seen earlier.
"Come on, girly!" a man yells at me, not one of the wolves.
"Triston, after her!" the curly brown-haired man calls. Now I have two of them after me. My head hits the nearest wall. Someone’s lying on top of me. Their eyes stare at me, blank and unmoving. Realization sets in, and I scream. I scramble out from under them, leaving them limp on the streets. Run Jade. Keep running for your life! A pain branches across my chest. My feet hurt, but I’m still moving. I haven’t a second to spare for a little ache. I turn corners and duck into a barrel. Something wriggling at the bottom squeaks at me, darting somewhere around until I no longer feel them. I force my breathing to slow. Quiet Jade, breathe easy now. Outside my little hiding hole, metal clanks heavily, like chains rattling. I take a deep breath, trying to ease my nerves in the isolated space within the barrel. Claws scrape at my head and yank me up by my hair. I scream bloody murder.
“Let her go!” and I’m dropped at their request. Something crunches behind me, popping with an audible snap. One of them goes down, leaving the other one coming straight for me.
"Let me go! Let me go!" I demand relentlessly. There’s a hard knock against my head and dots dance about my vision. I gasp, my jaw hanging open. The world spins, spinning, and ringing in my ears. I struggle to get up again only to flop back down, limp, and dragged along behind them.
Chapter Two
The Barbarian Camp
My eyes flutter open. I stare around the space, taking in the new world around me. My hands slide up my body, feeling my bare chest beneath a clean sheet. Good lord, I’ve been undressed. A nervous tingling heats my face. I gaze about the room, finding the door, and a fresh set of clothes. Well, at least I’m alone to get dressed. The clothes aren’t that much different. They’re light gray, but they aren’t tattered or faded. These look new and clean. I bring the blouse up to my nose and let out a deep exhale. It smells like fresh soaps like they were just washed. If the previous events had been different, this would be quite nice. I look to the door again, hurrying to get dressed before someone might walk in on me. The fabric falls over my body, soft and delicate. It’s a good feeling. The door swings open, and I immediately back into the room’s corner. He’s of average height, but his bulky presence fills the small space.
“Aw, now don’t be afraid. I just want you to step out now,” says the strange man, making a gesture for me to come outside. The man’s bare arms are covered in faded scars like he’s fought with blades for some time. I press my lips together in a tight line. If I follow, I’ll be exposed to whatever world I’m in now. But I need to figure out where I am if I have any hope of escape. So, I tag along, into the barbarian’s camp. There’re cabins all around. Mostly small looking, nothing grand and spectacular as far as I can see.
“Where am I? Who are you?” I question.
“T-Tristen,” he states, “And welcome to our camp. This is where you will be staying for a while,” Tristen tells me. A while, not forever, “Now I wish I could show you around, but I’m afraid there is work that must be done,” Tristen explains.
“How did I get here? What happened to the village?” I wonder.
“There was a fight that got out of hand. We got involved. A wolf was chasing you, so we thought it best to bring you here where you’d be safe,” Tristen explains.
“And the work? What kind of work?” I question.
“Anything to make your stay’s worth,” Tristen tells me, “Helga!” he calls with a low tone, his voice booming above the chitter-chatter around the camp. Helga, a woman whose reddish-brown hair was pinned in two buns, came running over. Her brown eyes glanced up at me from Tristen’s feet.
“Yes, sire,” she says. Helga stands tall in the exact same outfit I wore. She’s quite bony and thin, her cheeks sunken in. Despite her small frame, she’s close to taller than Tristen here.
“I want you to train Miss-” Tristen begins, his eyes expecting an answer.
“Jade,” I mumble, and he smiles at my cooperation.
“Miss Jade in the kitchen. I feel she’d be an excellent hand,” Tristen decides, scratching at his chin, his head tilted ever so slightly. I cringe at my name in his mouth. Tristen is something of a gruff, bulk-built man.
“Yes, sire,” Helga replies monotonously.
“Most splendid, my good ladies,” Tristen says with the tip of his head, he dismisses himself.
“Come hither, we shall go to the kitchen, Jade,” Helga orders, gesturing for me to come along.
“Yes, Miss Helga,” I answer, and without haste, we head for the kitchens.
“Please, it’s just Helga,” Helga corrects me. I nod in acknowledgment, offering a weak smile at her friendliness.
“Helga, where are we? Why have they-,” I start wondering.
“Do not fear them. You will eventually come to like it here,” Helga tells me with a reassuring smile, “It’s a small farm not far off from your village that was burning. We have made this place our home, our refuge from the barbarians. Here we can be with other humans not in fear of the werewolves; in fact, the wolf people are here as our slaves,” Helga informs me. We finally stop at the main building among the other cabins. Just outside the dining hall off to the side lies a small garden. I notice tall, beefy green stalks shooting up from the ground. Perhaps they’re growing tomatoes or peppers there. We move along too fast for me to get a good look, though. Within the building itself lies a massive kitchen smelling of fishes, meats, and sweets baking. It’s warm and makes my mouth water. Helga brings me into the kitchen, bustling with activity. “We’ll be working here together some time,” Helga adds.
“Here you ladies go,” says some boy, handing out bowls. A sort of small pie, the crust toasted perfectly and thin streams of steam lifting off.
“Thank you, thank you so much,” I murmur, my eyes blowing up into saucers. My stomach pains me, reminding me of how long it’s been since I’ve eaten a real meal like this.
“I’m Rico, Rico Girvin,” he introduces himself, offering a friendly smile. He’s tanned like someone that spends a lot of time outside with thin, muscular arms from work, “So you’re the new girl they rescued from the wolf in the village?” Rico guesses.
“Y-yes, I am. My name is Jade,” I introduce myself.
“The farm here is small, so word travels fast,” Rico explains with a chuckle, “I hope you like it here,” he hopes with a bright smile. Rico runs his hand through his blond hair, “I best be going back now. Have a good day,” Rico chuckles with a cocky smile. Helga watches him leave, her eyes glassy and dreamy. Dinner is pleasant and energy-renewing.
“Curfew is beginning soon,” Tristen calls from the other end of the dining hall table. I look to Helga, who gives me a nod. With her reassurance, I follow Tristen back. I hardly know these people, yet the few that I’ve met have already made me feel at ease. I have shelter, food, and there are good people around me. Most of all, I feel safe. The wolves are not a threat here either.
“So, what do you think?” Tristen suddenly begins.
“Of what? I-I-,” I start to stammer, “The farm?” and he chuckles.
“Yeah, the farm, I know it’s different here,” Tristen replies.
“I like it here. It’s comfortable, and people have been good to me,” I tell him, trying to assure him honestly, “It’s a safe haven,” I add.
“Well, I’m pleased,” Tristen says, cracking a smile above his square jawline, “You know I could get you out of doing some of the troublesome work around the farm,” he offers me. Right away, just like that? I just got here.
“Really now? Are you like some sort of leader here?” I inquire, “and why would you do that for me?” my voice trails off, and I avert my eyes. We pause in the grassy yard; the night breeze is blowing through the trees. I can feel Tristen looking at me with that tilt of his head as he scratches his chin in thought.
“I made sure that they put out fresh clothes for you, and got you a meal before chores,” Tristen informs me, “I could get you nicer clothes, a softer bed, and hot meals,” Tristen promises me, offering me his hand now.
“I suppose you’d want something in return,” I assume, forcing my eyes to the ground, anywhere but him, “Why not someone else?” I suggest.
“A man in my position has some influence around here. People look up to me, they respect me here. And you, being new here, will be subjected to the most tiresome, dirty chores of the farm. But I could get you out of such chores,” Tristen explains, his voice softening. I take a step back, trying to ease the tension between us. Tristen then takes a step forward, closing the gap between us. He’s not going to let me back out of this. His hand under my chin lifts my head. “Think about it. Hot meals, easy life, and a bed fit for a Queen such as yourself,” he promises me. My cheeks burn, and my toes curl with nerves on edge. Then there’s the sound of a child yelling. Across the grassy yard in the circle of cabins, a young kid is coming this way, running. Tristen’s attention snaps in her direction. Taking advantage of the moment, I tear away from him. “Jade wait,” he calls, but I’m out of reach.
“Little Miss?” I wonder. Her eyes are watery, and her cheeks are damp like she’s been crying.
“Don’t go near it,” Tristen snaps. I flinch at his harsh tone. The kid trips and falls over her own two feet. I watch the group following her approach with an air of seriousness. The way their brows furrow together, distant, and scowling at a mere child. Even Tristen’s soft, gentleness is forgotten. One of them comes to the child and kicks her aside. The sight makes my stomach hurt, and I grimace.
“Stop it!” I cry out, starting forward, but Tristen stares at me with an intense stare. There’s an audible pop, like when cracking your neck only louder.
“Good Morgan,” Tristen encourages, crouching down. I circle around the group, peering around them to find the kid. Her ears have lengthened to a point, and her face slightly longer as if transitioning into a muzzle. She’s a werewolf!
“She’s just a child,” I whisper.
“Come on, Jade, don’t tell me you feel bad for the little beast. She’ll grow to be a monster,” Tristen reminds me. The kid growls, her claws digging into the Earth.
“Why are you doing this?” I ask.
“It’s a wolf. It’s a beast. This thing will grow into one of those monsters and eat people,” Tristen scoffs at me. She bolts forward, running away, but doesn’t get very far. Tristen slaps the kid, sending her rolling across the dirt. A thin, hard, bony hand grabs me by the arm. Helga weakly pulls at my arm. I turn my back on the kid as she tries to desperately pull me away with her.
“You’d be best to obey Tristen. Your life can be comfortable if you show him respect. But if you turn-,” she begins to warn me, but I tear away. Everyone’s yelling at me, yelling at the thing that is the child, angered by my interference. I embrace the child, wrapping her in my arms and hold her close.
“Jade! What are you doing?” Leonel demands to know. His face twists in concern, frowning brows arched.
“But she is a child,” I point out.
“She is not of our kind. She is a monster,” Triston roars, his reddened face suddenly something frightening. Chills run down my spine. Werewolf or not, she can’t even defend herself! She has cuts and scrapes, dirty across her pale skin and bony frame. This is not the image of a monster. This is not the snarling, growling beats with fangs that rip a human being apart. No, this is just a young life that’s never done anything wrong.
“I can let you, she’s just a child!” I call over my shoulder. Jade, what are you doing? My heart aches for her. I have the strangest urge to protect her. Yet, at the same time, they’re not entirely wrong. She’s a werewolf, a child, but the spawn of one of those beasts. Leonel approaches to crouch down to my level.
“If you defend this child, this wolf, you will subject yourself to the same treatment,” Leonel warns me, “You don’t want to do this. Just let the child go, and let Tristen return you to your quarters,” he suggests. I shake my head.
“She’s just a child, an injured child that needs help,” I point out. Leonel just sighs, looking at me with these tired, worried eyes. Tristen grabs Leonel’s shoulder, and the man stands back up.
“Hold on, Leonel,” Tristen starts. Leonel walks off, looking back once as if pitying me. Now Tristen squats down beside me, “You know, I was hoping you’d be my mistress,” he whispers.
“I suppose that’s why I was ‘rescued’ from the village. You just wanted someone to warm your bed,” I point out. A disgusting chill runs across me.
“And that’s not going to happen now if you’re out here protecting wolves. That’s not what we do here. We stand against those beasts,” Tristen reminds me.
“What makes you think I was going to be your consort?” I demand to know, keeping my voice low.
“You came from one of the poorest of poor villages, and you’re single. I can give you everything here. Food, shelter, life for yourself,” Tristen promises me again, “But you must drop that beast,” he instructs. I stare at him. So, this is what it means to be a barbarian.
“Filthy mongrels. Keep your hands off of her,” I spit at Tristen’s feet. Tristen cracks an ugly smirk.
“To think I thought you worthy,” he sneers. Tristen pops back up to his feet, and Helga leaves like an obedient dog. I watch them go, waiting for them to leave a safe distance before I let my guard down. When I do, I notice the child is clinging to me. She’s wrapped her arms around my waist, hanging on for dear life. I grab her and make a dash for my quarters. I find a rag and a bucket for war to get her cleaned up.
“You’re safe now,” I promise, kneeling down beside her. She remains still shaking when I dab at cuts and bruises, but she doesn’t even cry. “There we go, now I imagine you’re quite tired. Please,” I start, gesturing for my bed for herself. She looks from the cot to me once. I give her a small smile for assurance, and she goes for the cot. With a heavy, tired sigh, she falls in bed. I can only imagine what she’s been through and what’s in store for me, having seen what I have today.

Chapter Three
A Nightmare
My eyes flutter open. I look my room over, feeling the hay-filled bed below me, and breathing in the air. Oh, yes, last night’s dream was not just a dream. This nightmare is real. I look over at the sleeping child. She breathes are deep and even peaceful. Morgan, her name was Morgan. I sit up and rub my face, groaning in my groggy daze. Morgan then wakes up with a start, wide-eyed as if she hadn’t just been sound asleep. Goodness, what she must have been through.
“It’s alright now. You’re safe,” I promise Morgan, “I’m not going to hurt you,”
“Why?” Morgan wonders, “Who a-are you-,” she stammers, and she yipes at a pounding on the door.
"Ecgh, wake up!" shouts perhaps the most irritated, snooty woman’s voice. I feel an immediate repulsion, but I’m in no place to ignore someone here. I rush for the door, and these two come waltzing in unwelcome. They gaze about my room, looking at it with wrinkled noses and loathing scrutiny. Their dresses are like mine but beige, matching each other.
"You’re Jade?" asks the lean tallest girl with long blond hair framing a narrow face. Her frame is thin like Helga’s but built by lean muscle from labor and a proper diet.
"Yes,” I answer. The two girls look at each other, eyebrows raised. One of them just snickers as if sharing some unspoken joke.
"You and the mutt are to help us out today, so let’s go. I am Jina," she introduces herself.
"And I am Adrianna, but do not speak to us unless you are spoken to. Especially in front of Tristen,” instructs the other, “The last thing we want is to be associated with you any more than we must,” Adrianna adds. I glance at Morgan, who follows the girls without a moment’s hesitation. The two lead us across the yard. Folks passing by head to the kitchens for breakfast. I watch for the two to follow them, but we’re not. We’re going straight into working without any breakfast. Whatever comfort or protection Tristen was offering was taken away before I even knew I had it. Eyes linger in our direction. They’re staring at Morgan.
“Where are we going?” I wonder, and Adrianna shoots a sharp look at me.
“Right,” I mutter under my breath. I follow to the other side of the kitchen, pass several other cabins toward the largest of them. I expect this one to belong to Tristen. It stands two stories, and the inside has been well decorated. I’m not sure how I missed this before. Perhaps if I’d behaved and held my tongue, I’d be living here. Now I’m scrubbing the bathrooms. Morgan follows, collecting linens and sheets from the rooms for Adrianna, who sits on the couch playing with her hair. I pause mid-stroke. My arms ache, and the smell of floor polish is starting to hurt my head. It has a rather strong piney smell that I’ve never had the fortune to afford.
"Why have you stopped working?!" Adrianna demands, glaring over her shoulder. I look back to the floor, continuing work, hoping she’ll just leave me alone.
“I was taking a break to breath-,” I begin when something strikes my back. “GAH!” I cry out. My jaw hangs open, and I groan as pain radiates across my back. The sting lingers, aching. Another blow has me screaming. I glance up to find Jina hovering over me. Someone’s smacked. I find the strength to look up. It’s Morgan, they’ve turned on her, too. She’s so young. Morgan goes running. Adrianna grabs Morgan’s collar. Caught, that wooden club falls. Morgan hits the floor at their feet. Adrianna bounces the club in her hands in anticipation, two of them smirking.
"Stop it! Stop it!" I cry out, "Hit- hit me,” I plead. "Hit me instead,” and the two turn with the most wicked gleam in their eyes. I crawl forward, staring down at the floor. Tears start to run down my face.
"Are you sick?” Jina laughs, holding her stomach.
“Who cares, she must be punished. She must pay for her treachery,” Adrianna decides.
“Treachery?” I murmur.
"Standing up for a werewolf, that's absurd!" Jina agrees, "Maybe she's just stupid,” Jina suggests, which caused both of them to break out in a heap of giggles. Arianna’s face falls serious.
“I hear she’s a sneaking harlot,” Arianna she sasses.
“You shut your mouths,” I spit at her, and Jina screeches. Her hand smacks me across the face sending me reeling. The blow stings. I’m stunned breathless. Jina backs off, slowly, but her breath shakes heavily. I gasp at the burning in my face while I start to pick myself up. I look to Adrianna. She’s backed up halfway across the room. Her fingers run through her wavy auburn hair over and over. Anxiety spreads across her taut face.
“Jina, Jina, Jina,” Tristen calls. His feet glide across the wood floor, silently with ease. He waltzes straight pass Morgan, Adrianna, and finally me all the way up to Jina. “I don’t like it when my ladies fight amongst each other. Would you like to meet the last one’s fate?” he threatens her, his lips inches from her face. He leans forward, grabbing a handful of her hair and whisper something chilling in her ear. Her face drops, and eyes widen.
“Do not call me your lady. I am not your mistress,” I call out, bringing Tristen’s attention this way. Tristen straightens up, coming for me now. Everyone quiets now. I pick myself up and hold my ground. He sighs, and I feel his warm breath, reeking of alcohol, rustles my hair.
“I own this farm and everything on it. Including you,” Tristen declares.
“Believe what you will. If it helps, thou sleep,” I whisper, lifting my eyes to meet Tristen's hazel eyes. Oh, the rage that they hold! His knuckles rise. The girls gasp, and Morgan starts crying.
“To the kitchens. You have work to be tending to,” Tristen decides. I drop my arms, still shaking before these people. “Thou are only alive because I say so,” he states, “Now take that creature with you go to the kitchens,” he orders. I scoop Morgan up and flee from his manor. The kitchen is any more hospitable, but at least they’re quietly fixated into work. Plus, Morgan can rest. I watch her as I knead the dough. The child wraps herself in a burlap potato sack, sleeping near the fire of the brick oven. No one’s said it, but they probably think she’s not fit to cook. She might be young, but I know she’s old enough to be here with me, kneading dough and washing vegetables. No, it’s because she’s a beast. She’s not clean. It’s peculiar that she wound up in a place like this. Werewolves have homes. They are legendarily protective. They are known for their loyalty, yet they’ve allowed one of their own young to end up here. I glance up from the table. My fingers work tirelessly into the dough. Leonel is here, in the kitchens. He strolls on in, still dressed in a work suite, admiring everyone’s work. He stops to speak and laugh with Rico, their faces rosy. Leonel pats him on the back and continues on his way. I sigh in relief. The quiet kitchens, ignoring the side glances and ugly blunt stares, have been peaceful.
“You there. Come,”
“Oh dear,” I jump at Leonel’s voice. He motions for me to follow. I glance at Morgan, still fast asleep. I nod to myself. She’ll be fine. She’s not of my concern anyway, so I turn my back on her. I follow along with Leonel to the back of the kitchens. The darkness casts quite the long, lonesome shadows late in the night.
"Hello, Jade,” Leonel greets me. He stands at attention, his arms crossed behind his back.
"I'd like you to work for me in the mornings. Tristen has tossed you to the side, so your working hours are available. I just ask for someone to clean the cabin," Leonel offers. I eye him. Knowing he’s a close assistant to Tristen, I haven’t any reason to trust him.
"And what’s the deal? You wouldn’t have brought me back here, late at night like this if there wasn’t something else to it,” I point out.
“I cannot have a child of the beast in my home. Not around my wife and my children,” Leonel explains. I simply shrug it off. A chuckle surprises him. He raises his brows at me.
“What’s the problem now? It matters not,” I tell him.
“So, I’ve arranged for a caretaker,” Leonel decides.
"I'm not attached to her,” I snap at him, and dread fills the bottom of my stomach, “I- I'm sorry for raising my voice. Please, I am not attached to a beast,” I promise him, and he points to something over my shoulder. I bite my bottom lip. She’s standing right there, Morgan, peering around the corner.
“I know you’re not a beast tamer,” Leonel chuckles, "So, then you’ll take the work?” he inquires.
"Yes, sire," I decide.
"Excellent. Misses Lluid, please,” Leonel decides.
“Misses Lluid?” I wonder, looking back. She steps out from around the corner, too. I squint in the darkness, hoping the night is playing tricks on me. “Adriana,” I realize.
"You'll be a good mutt, won't you?" Adrianna asks and before Morgan’s yanked by the collar on a dog’s leash. The kid stares, her dark green eyes holding me until she’s pulled out of sight. Leonel smirks and chuckles behind me.
“Why her, why that monster of a woman?” I blurt.
“What do you care now? It’s a beast’s offspring,” Leonel reminds me. He’s not wrong, yet I’m so angry. Why am I so upset over her?
“She’ll let the kid starve or let others hurt her,” I point out, and Leonel just shrugs at me without a care. In fact, he looks all too smug and sure of himself, "How dare you," I snap at him.
“Hm, I didn’t do anything,” Leonel states with an innocent shrug. I take a deep breath, feeling heated now. What have I done? “You’d be wise to leave for the night,” he warns me. I pull myself across the ground, slowly picking myself up to head back to my quarters. It’s all I can do for the night, for now.
Chapter Four
Help Us
"Good morning, don't ye look nice," Leonel greets me, but I make no comment. I don’t have any words for him right now. "Come now, you will help thou with paperwork,” Leonel decides, and he begins leading me through his home. It’s not as large as Tristen’s, but it’s roomy enough. We pass by the living space, flowing with warmth from a burning fireplace. My eyes linger on the hot poker. With a good swing, Leonel would be knocked out, and I could make a run for it. I look back to Leonel, who hasn’t noticed my falling behind. I catch up, following closely to the office. “Now, I’d like you to help sort my paperwork. I have important work helping Tristen run the place,” Leonel informs me. I sigh in self-defeat. As much as I’d like to take off running, I also don’t want to have to take a swing at Leonel. As much as I despise him for handing a mere child over to that terror, Adrianna, he hasn’t been cruel toward me. The work he’s providing is fair and honest, too.
“You know Tristen criticized me for bringing you to work for me,” Leonel, “Says I should have left you to the kitchens. Unheard and unseen,”
“What do you do yourself?” I question.
“I work for the farm as the lead carpenter. And occasionally helping Tristen lead and organize teams when needed,” he tells me, “and you, what did you do before?”
“I tailored clothing and craft blankets at a market in town,” I answer, “It was simple work,”
“Simple work, it must have been quite difficult to make a living in town with the guardians always prowling about,” Leonel mentions.
“I was, I suppose,” I say with a simple shrug, keeping my eyes on my work before me. I can feel Leonel looking at me. What could he have to say now? “What is it?” I dare ask.
“Nothing important. I’m just wondering how you could give up a chance at an easier life. Tristen was fond of you at first sight. And you threw away that saving a wolf child, why?” Leonel inquires. I shrug honestly.
“I just feel it was wrong,” I state.
“Which part? Being another one of Tristen’s women or them beating the child?” Leonel asks, and my head snaps in his direction. I don’t know what startles me more, but my heart skips a beat. His knowing of Tristen’s history like that or being one of the first to acknowledge Morgan as a child.
“Both,” I answer.
“And when she grows up to be a killer?” Leonel suggests.
“I just feel it was wrong to beat a child,” I state. He has a point, what if she grows to be a monster? Flashbacks to the village are surfacing. The stench of wastes in the street from the pots being dumped out. One particular day, while out at the market, we’d heard the most horrendous screams and snarling. No one spoke of it. We kept on going about our work and went home. But on that night home, I crossed that fateful ally in which the screaming came from. I stunk the worst of any street and was still wet with fresh blood. The wild dogs had come for the remains the wolf guardians had left behind. They didn’t kill that woman for food. No, they killed her for kicks. One day, Morgan could grow to be like the wolf that killed her.
“Leonel,” a man’s voice calls, Tristen’s, I think. Heavy boots are coming this way. He strides around the corner and sees me. His jaw tenses and his hazel eyes hold a hard stare. “To the kitchen. Leonel, a word,” he adds. I look to Leonel, who gives me a nod, even flashes a fleeting weak smile. I take my leave and hurry off for the kitchen about the same time Arianna is on her way. And if there’s Arianna, Jina can’t be far.
“Come along now,” Adrianna calls. She’s across the yard yanking on Morgan’s collar. Pressure hangs on my chest like a lead weight. There’s a glaring bruise spreading across Morgan’s cheek, and her lip is busted. Adrianna notices me watching and urges Morgan to hurry along behind her. All I can do is head into the kitchen and start fixing the dinner soup with the others.
“Must be nice,” I mutter as I fill in the bowl. The dinnerware is lovely. I assume its things they’ve pirated from the villages. Something presses against my ankle. My feet go out from under me. The world spins. Dishes clatter and clank on the floor. Hot soup hits my hands and my face. The hall goes silent.
"Oh my!" Jina cries out, “What a clutz,” Jina she giggles. Tristen scoffs, unable to hold back an amused chuckle. People around the room whisper and mutter amongst themselves. I blink at the world silent and dumbfounded. Leonel pops up, helping me out of the hot soup puddle.
“Go clean up,” Leonel whispers by my ear. I nod fast and start for the bathroom. At that, the room fills with laughter. Tears start bubbling up. I cover my face with my hands, and I burst outside into the crisp night air. My face and my nose burns. Something is burning.
"Fire!” someone cries as they flee their quarters. Over yonder, where the trees meet the farmyard. First, the nose, and then the teeth within those massive jaws. A line of guardians is coming for the yard.
“Wolf!” cries lift up into the air, and the quiet peace is gone. Tristen is the first one out of the dining hall.
“Get back, get inside!” Tristen grabs me by the arm and yanks me back. Others fly back, rushing to meet the unwelcome guests. The barbaric warriors are quick to gear up. The heat and smoke are spreading fast. One cabin ignites and then the next. I bolt back inside, where everyone’s huddled around in the corner of one room. Morgan sits in the abandoned kitchen, curled up in the corner. The wolf child cringes away from my hand.
“Morgan, we have to run, come on,” I urge her along. I go to remove her collar, but she snaps at my fingers with her teeth! I rip my hand back. My hands shake, and I take in a deep breath. Gosh, my heart is racing! I bite my bottom lip. “Easy Morgan, I-I’m sorry,” I murmur, reaching out again. Her bottom lip starts to tremble like she either might burst into tears, or she might snap at me. Her little nose crinkles. Moving slower, I finally drop the collar around her neck. It hits the ground with a solid thud. She jumps at the clank of a collar on the floor.
“Jade,” she whispers, barely above a breath. Now how to get out of here? There it is again. The burning in my nose. I scoop up Morgan and rush for the hall. I swing the door open, and smoke pours into the kitchen. The tables and chairs have vanished in flames and smoke. I back off into the kitchen again with Morgan coughing in my ear. The ceiling begins to burn and turn black with smoke.
“Come on, please… AH!” I try for the window, and it burns my fingers. I back off, pacing about the only room in the dining hall, not a burning inferno. I set Morgan down, “HELP!” I call out, and the smoke burns down my throat. “SOMEBODY! THERE’S A CHILD… THERE’S A-….” And I choke hard. I gasp on dry, hot air. “Please…” I wheeze hard. Jade do something, you have to do something anything. I look to the window again and then my hands. All I have to do is bare it for a few seconds, and then I can get us both out of here. I ball up my fists. Suck it up, Jade! The glass cracks. Something’s about to break in. “Oh, thank…” I murmur, but I’m running out of breath. I can’t get enough air. I look up from the floor to the broken window. All I can make out are a pair of bright, shocking green eyes.
Chapter Five
New Surroundings
I awake startled by a new room, a prison cell, to be exact. I scan the room, the cot I lay on, and my smoke-soaked clothes, but Morgan’s gone. In the corner, I spot a pail of water, and I make a dive for it. My smoke scorched throat aches for relief, and my relief is dirty room temperature water. God, it tastes like dirty rainwater ladled up off the street. Something creaks down the hall like a wooden door. Someone in that direction clears their throat, a gruff, deep-chested cough.
“So, the human is awake now,” a growl comes from that direction. Oh, dear, just where am I now? A man comes striding down the hall. It may only be a glimpse, but this isn’t the man I saw last night. This is someone else with a menacing wolf-eyed stare. Her take the lock to the cell in one giant hand, unlocks it, and steps in the doorway.
“Wolf,” I whisper to myself. His pointy, furry ears twitch, and his long face says nothing. “P-please don’t hurt me,” I beg softly.
“I won’t have to hurt you if you behave,” he chuckles, but his amusement does little to ease my nerves, “I am Vincent Lakefall. You will refer to me as Sir Lakefall or Master,” he growls, his eyes narrow on me.
“Y-y-yes s-sir,” I stutter, “Sir, where is Morgan, the girl that was with me?”
“The little girl who came in earlier, she is safe,” he answers, eyeing me most suspiciously. I offer a small smile, hoping to seem more pleasant and not some nuisance to get rid of. Vincent tosses in a fresh set of clothes to replace mine. My clothes are covered in soot, dirt, and stains.
“Get dressed. I don’t have all day,” Vincent orders. I watch him, waiting as he turns his back for me to change. I clench my jaw, staring at him for a few moments to make sure he won’t look during change. The clothes aren’t as lovely, but at least I know it’s honest, not just a quiet bribe. It’s a simple tunic, nothing luxurious or all that warm.
“You will be doing work. Probably similar to your work for those barbarians. I expect you will obey,” Vincent begins, and he turns on me. I back up flat against the wall. His fist slams into the stone wall. My jaw drops, and I gasp. I swear he was going to strike me. I take a deep, shaky breath.
“Do obey, or the consequences will be severe,” Vincent snarls, “Understand?” he roars. I nodded my head, unable to breathe or say anything. Vincent backs off. I watch his face straighten up into a human’s face again, and he storms off. Still shaking, my eyes circle around the room for something to start with. I assume a spot at the table to knead and mix the dough. The one nearest to me notices my eagerness to jump into work.
“Hi, you’re the new person?” she guesses. Her heart-shaped face is framed by ear-length, short blonde hair.
“Yes, I’m Jade,” I reply.
“Nice to meet you, I’m Chery Adly,” she introduces herself as she works, “Welcome to the Lakefall Territory, they own the land here and the nearest village, “Chery informs me. So, we can’t be far from my home village. That also means we’re not that far off from the barbarian’s farm.
“The man that sent me here said his name was Vincent Lakefall. Do you mean I’m in the house of their alpha?” I wonder, and she nods in confirmation. She drops her gaze to the dough in her hands, working it with small hands. She has a slightly pointy nose but a soft face.
“And I suppose it should be an honor, but I must say the main family is just about the cruelest pack of wolves there are,” some guy sneers, a rather tall with messy tousled brown hair and brown eyes.
“Edmund! You’ll get yourself in trouble,” Chery warns. Edmund merely rolls his amused eyes, a mischievous smirk spreading below light freckles. He makes a comment under his breath, and Chery shakes her head.
“Hi, I’m Edmund, Edmund Hemm,” the boy introduced himself.
“I’m Jade Atwood,” reply.
“Are we all from the village?” I wonder.
“Most of us. The wolves have kidnaped many young lives to do their work while they focus on staying in control of the village,” Chery tells me.
“And defeating the barbarians. I used to live on their farm,” Edmund chimes, chest up with pride, “I was training to kill these beasts,” he adds. Chery shoots him another look of warning. He pays no attention.
“Have you ever tried to return?” I wonder.
“Oh, it’d be too dangerous,” Chery blurts out.
“No, the last guy that ran was starved for two weeks,” Edmund reasons, “he thought he was getting off easy… not meeting his death. How he wanted to die,” Edmund goes on, his voice trailing off.
“We don’t run. The wolves will find us and punish us,” Chery briefs his story, “The wolves have been caught, skinned, and slaughtered by hunters like the barbarians for years,” she reminds me, “They make no hesitation in putting us in our place. Remind us who the hunters are and who is prey, who the wolves are, and who the sheep are,” she mentions, “Jade, remember who and what they are. They are animals. They are powerful and ruthless. Show them the respect they demand,” she advises.
“But why keep the village?” I wonder.
“I don’t know. The wolves usurped the former Lord of the land but left the people alive. I suppose they like the life of royalty?” Edmund answers with a modest shrug. “Never mind them, come along,” Chery brushes off Edmund’s foreboding look back on history. Further in the back of the kitchen, the Lakefall’s cold room stairs lead back downstairs where they’ve stored meats and other jarred preserves. Another team is working on the products of wolf hunts for us to prepare. My nose wrinkles in the overwhelming stench closing over me. It smells of a fresh kill.
“Alright, let’s clean up and go,” Chery murmurs, shoving a tray before me, and, suddenly, we’re off into the dining room. Edmund grabs a couple dishes. I’m surprised to see him able to carry much at all for such a thin young boy. My eyes flicker from one table to the other. The household sits at one table, and the other is occupied by children. Morgan, she’s at that table with the other young children. She sees me with wide eyes. Her face has been cleaned up since I last saw her. The busted lip has been treated, her face washed, and her hair brushed out. If not for that glaring bruise, you might not notice she’d been treated so harshly before.
“Jade,” Morgan mouths with outstretched arms. She coming to me. I’m frozen where I stand. My eyes search for injuries, anything new, but she’s perfectly fine. Before Morgan gets more than a few steps, some lady scoops her up.
“No, no, no. You mustn’t go near the humans,” the lady scolds the child. Her small hands smooth back Morgan’s hair behind the ear. She murmurs soft words to Morgan, returns her to the table with the children, and shoots me a look of death. At least she’s in protective hands. Edmund bumps into me and tips his head to follow him.
“Keep moving, that’s Lady Eladia Lakefall,” Edmund whispers, “The proud alpha.” I drop my gaze to the floor and the table as I set plates down. There are faces at this table I recognize. I recognize guardians here, two of which I’ve encountered. Goodness me, what were their names? One I bumped into, the other was his friend that wanted to kill me. Do they recognize me? Do they even remember bumping into some human girl on the street? No, why would they? I glance their way, and they’re both looking back my way. I bite my bottom lip hard. Eric and Hunter, they recognize me, too. And, I think I saw one of them back there at the farm. Back in the kitchen, I fall back against the wall and let out a deep breath beside Chery.
“I’ll never get used to serving the head family, they’re so- so intimidating,” Chery admits.
“You’re too soft,” Edmund mocks. Chery rolls her eyes dramatically.
“Come on, let’s eat,” Chery decides, gathering folks into the kitchen. My mouth waters in anticipation of food. Goodness, I need a decent meal, and the food here looks delicious. It’s fresh, and the people I have to share it with seem kind. Goodness, I hope they’re genuinely friendly.
“Alright, come along now. We have chores,” Chery urges me after dinner. She leads me around the house, giving me a tour of where rooms are so that I can do my job right. The last thing I need is to screw up. I already had a chance to screw up once with people. I can’t make a mess of things with wolves. I might lose my life here for real. Chery points out bedrooms, showing me where to take laundry and who to pass it on to so that they may wash it while we’re off doing other chores and duties for the main house. I stop for a moment to catch my breath for a moment when the sound of children’s laughter catches my ears. I peek into the room further down the wall. There she is again, only a few feet away. She’s laughing, and she’s smiling. Back to work now, Jade, leave her alone.
“Jade,” a small voice calls, and small arms wrap around me, stopping me from leaving.
“Oh, Morgan,” I murmur, and I brush back her hair. She takes my hand in hers and pulls me into the room and begins to show me the doll she’s found. I can’t help but smile. She’s laughing, smiling, her little face so bubbly and excited. She has all these toys within reach of her small little hands. Dolls, a glossy, freshly painted dollhouse, and building blocks. Beast or human, these toys are no different from any other child’s toys.
“Goodbye, Morgan,” I whisper, leaning forward to peck her on the forehead.
“Bye-bye,” she murmurs in her soft child voice. I turn to leave, and I’m caught in the doorway. At eye level, all I can see is the broad chest of the monster towering before me. His nose wrinkles in a disgusted snarl. His massive, thick fingers wrap around my throat. Though he isn’t crushing my throat, I’m absolutely breathless.
“What did I say, you may not see her. If you had so much as scratched her-” Vincent growls.
“I’m sorry!” I cry out.
“Sorry, the human is sorry. How pitiful, humans and wolves are not equal, so do not get comfortable here,” Vincent spits at me. His brown eyes glow yellow, bearing down into me. He releases me, and I drop to the ground, shaking. With trembling arms, I press my hands to the floor and bow my head before him.
“I’m sorry, alpha, please forgive me. I meant no disrespect,” I plead, my eyes watering. I don’t dare lookup. Vincent growls at me. The hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
“Remember what we are, human, we could tear you limb from limb. We will eat you alive,” Vincent threatens me, “am I making myself clear?”
“Yes!” I sob, my body shaking with my weeping.

Hunter:
Something is off, but I can’t figure it out. I wish the animal inside and the human on the outside are more connected. These feelings of restlessness would be so much clearer.
“Son, you look restless, why don’t you go hunting,” Vincent suggests, noticing me drumming my fingers on the desk, “Don’t worry though, Lily from the Brook pack travels here now as we speak,” Vincent reminds me.
“That is not what I need right now,” I growl under my breath. My fingers comb through my hair. I feel like I could pull it out right now.
“Taking on second in command is difficult enough, but a beta needs a partner. You need someone to depend on, to be there with you. To battle besides,” my father rambles on and keeps droning on.
“Thanks, we will talk about my responsibilities later,” I decide. I lift my nose to the sky for the smell of prey, and lick my lips in anticipation. I take off sprinting after a hare. My consciousness fades with the inner wolf mind of an animal taking over. In and out, my mind is spinning from behind a human and an animal. The wolf inside fights for dominance. If not by will power, I’d be all wolf.
“Hunter?” someone says my name. I tumble in the grass over a tree-root, losing the rabbit to the bushes. And I almost had it! I start for the sound of their voice. Father must have sent someone to fetch me. As if the matters at hand couldn’t wait. However, whoever he’s sent has an unusual smell. Female and familiar. I’ve smelled this person before but can’t put a face to it. Her scent is pleasant, whoever she is. Finally, as I continue
“Hunter,” she says again.
“Yes, what did my father send you out here?” I guess, and she nods without another word. That attractive scent couldn’t be her. This woman is human, absolutely disgusting.
“Just don’t get in my way,” I snarl, flashing a glare.
“Yes sir,” she replies obediently. Jade. Her name comes to mind again as fast as it did last night at the dinner table. She really is the same woman I bumped into on the street. Now she’s here.
“I’ll talk to him later,” I decide with a smirk, “Come, I will need someone to collect the kill,” I order and continue hunting through the forest. I smell a fox, scavenging somewhere. I glance in her direction, following from a distance. What was I thinking? I should have sent her back. She’ll be too weak, too disgusted at the sight of blood and me to be useful. Heat burns in my chest. I throw off my red cloak. There, a fox picking my rabbit. That was mine! I completely let go and lunge after it. I yipes and yaps at me as I fall upon it. My teeth rip, tear, and pull at fur and flesh. It bites back, letting go to cry and gasp for air. I pant for my breath. My prey is barely recognizable.
“What’s the matter, afraid of blood?” I inquire.
“No, sir,” she answers, “Why?”
“Servants are not fit to talk back,” I snap at her.
“If beasts can talk, then a servant ought to do whatever they damn well please to do,” Jade snaps, and then her face goes scarlet. Her lips tremble as she immediately drops to the ground before me, “I’m so sorry sir, I didn’t mean what I said,”
“Silence, I think you meant it,” I snarl at her. I raise a hand to strike her, but I can’t do it. Father would tell me to punish her, to put the human in her place, but I can’t do it. I couldn’t strike her then in the village street, and I can’t do it now. I take in a deep breath, willing for my freedom, but the animal inside me disagrees. I let out a frustrated groan and shove her back. She slides across the dirt. I grab my kill, throw it over my shoulder, and start for home.

Jade:
I wake up still outside in the chilly air. I pull my knees up to my shivering chest. I should just lay here, it would be... for the best. No one’s coming to find me. If I lay here, I will succumb to the cold eventually. Goodness, my back hurts terribly. He’s ruthless and cruel. He’s an animal. If I lay here, I die. Either the cold kills me or some roaming wild animal does first. Or, I go back to their castle and survive as their wretched slave.
“So, you dragged yourself back?” Hunter sneers. I whirl around; my back pressed to the wall. Was he waiting for me to return? Hunter laughs at me, “Scared human? Are you scared?!” he asks. Hunter approaches me, and I drop my gaze. Hunter’s only inches away when his hand punches the wall, sliding closer to my throat. There’s a loud thwack, and I hit the floor. I let out the smallest cry and curl up. No, I haven’t been struck. Hunter staggers back like he’s been struck.
“What is wrong with you, man?” Eric asks him. I stare between the two of them, now dumbfounded confused.
“What’s wrong with you, attacking your future alpha, your beta?” Hunter snaps.
“Well, you look like you were going to tear her limb from limb,” Eric shoots back. Why on Earth would any wolf here save me?
“And if so, so what?” Hunter scoffs, dismissing it like it’s nothing. Something flashes in Hunter’s golden, hard-cold eyes.
“This isn’t you right now. Your wolf is losing it right now. Listen to what your wolf is feeling,” Eric warns him. Hunter strikes the wall again before storming off. He shoots a questioning glare Eric’s way that he’ll surely have to answer later. Eric watches Hunter leave, waiting a few seconds before turning to me. Eric leans over, offering me a hand. This werewolf just saved me and is trying to help me? I remember back in the village, he questions, with excitement, if Hunter was going to kill me.
“Are you alright?” Eric inquires, and I nod tentatively. His voice sounds most genuine and gentle.
“You best be getting to your cell,” he suggests. I take his hand, and he helps me to my feet with ease.
“Sir,” I start.
“Eric, you may call me Eric,” he replies.
“Thank you, Eric,” I say with a bow. He nods; we go our separate ways. I hurry to my quarters and crawl in the cot. The blankets are cold, but my shivering will eventually warm them. Goodness, what a day it’s been
.
Chapter Six
Pettiness
My back is sore when I awaken. The kitchen duties are on my list for this morning. I pray they keep me in the kitchens. Better here than out in the rest of the house with them, the wolves. Plus, Edmund and Chery are here for me. I can’t rush to their sides fast enough, already buzzing with talk of yesterday.
“He what? If anyone should be torn limb from limb its Hunter,” Edmund threatens. Chery puts a gentle hand on his shoulder,
“Please calm down, you’re going to get in trouble one day,” Chery scolds him again for his violence. He shakes his fist at the air with quite the stern look on a young boy’s face.
“You mean he hasn’t already?” I take a jab at him.
“Well, he did once for telling Vincent his rules were a load a cow-patties,” Chery recalls, and Edmund’s face goes beet red.
“Well, he was asking for it,” Edmund reasons, rubbing the back of his neck. Chery gives me a look with a giggle, and we roll our eyes.
“You are something else,” I can’t help but laugh with her.
“Alright, here we are,” Eric pops in the kitchen, and I freeze up.
“Thank you, Eric, we’ll get started on lunch,” Chery calls over her shoulder. Even Edmund gives a nod of acknowledgment without even a sarcastic muttering under his breath. I watch him stroll through the kitchen until he leaves. Here I thought no wolves would waltz into the kitchen. I thought it a safe place, but there that hope goes.
“What was that? Does he like humans?” I scoff, shaking my head at the very idea that. It’s absurd to think a wolf would like a human. Then again, the moment I walk in, Morgan comes running up to me.
“Eric is a long-time friend of the Lakefall family. He’s Hunter’s left-hand man, but he is kind and merciful,” Chery explains.
“Well then,” I scoff. Guess that explains Eric’s kindness the other night. “And he hides it from the main family?” I inquire, still not sure of him.
“He does it to protect himself and us. They would call him weak and unfit. He’d become an outcast, and then who would be here to show us the kindness he does?” Chery adds as we work on lunch. Today, they’ll be feasting on a wild boar they caught with a few guests. We peer in, careful to stay unnoticed so that Chery can’t point out who is who.
There was a girl with dark, dirty, blonde hair and blue eyes, her name is Suzah Brook. She’s from a neighboring pack, visiting with her sister, Lilly. Suzah’s dress is slightly loose, the neckline off her shoulders, and rather low. It’s clear she’s trying, making little fleeting, unreturned glances across the table, but I can’t figure out to whom.
“She’s a kind leader I hear,” Chery whispers in my ear. Sitting with them is Eric’s brother, Chase Schaedler. Both fairly tall, broad foreheads and tapering. Chase has a pointier chin and darker, neat hair. My nerves tense up when I approach the table. Eladia is watching expecting perfection. She’s dressed like a young princess. At her neck she wears a delicate pink ribbon. Matching the ribbon is her dress that falls to the floor. It’s a young look for her likes. First, I have is for Hunter. My arms shake with anxiety. What if I make him mad? I risk a glance. Hunter’s shocking green eyes don’t give me a moment’s glance. The brightness in them before has left them, leaving a faded look of exhaustion. I continue on my way around the table, looking to Chery for assurance. Everyone is watching us like we’re vermin. I rub my shaking hands once in the kitchen. The heat of the ovens brings me some comfort.
“Miss Jade fetch the cider!” Eladia calls. I hurry into the room again with a jug of apple cider. It smells of warmth, fall, and the fire of spices. I pour their glasses with trembling hands. Everyone stares expecting and impatient, yet one stares with such an intense stare. It’s driving me near insane. The trembling won’t stop. The cider I drop. The glass explodes into tiny shards. Without any disregard, I try to retrieve the broken pieces. They stick to my hand, a few cutting and drawing scratches. Upon my shoulder falls someone’s large hand. I gasp and look up into the eyes of Hunter towering over me. I stare, mouth hanging open ajar.
“I’m sorry, I beg for your forgiveness,” I plead, bowing my head with my hands to the floor in glass and hot cider. Forget the burns, the bleeding, and the sharp glass that cuts my hand. I don’t want to die.
“Clumsy human,” Hunter jeers at me. The adult table is filled with haughty snickering, their eyes glowing with humor and superiority. My face burns with embarrassment. The children at the other table go silent except for Morgan whimpering. Hunter’s hand grabs my arm and yanks me to my feet. Pain stretches down my arm. I cry out from the tension ripping through my arm.
“Hunter, there are children in here,” Eric reminds him.
“Quiet, don’t spoil this,” his brother, Chase, grumbles. His eyes watch eagerly with anticipation.
“Next time try to be more graceful, you ugly, disgusting human,” Hunter sneers before finally dropping me, “Clean this up and go,” he orders. I nod, falling to the floor to clean up and hurry for the kitchen. My face burns from the spectacle I’ve been made into.
“Ah, good show my boy,” Vincent praises, giving Hunter a pat on the back. Despite his father’s approval, he doesn’t seem to give a damn.
“Great show indeed, show the humans who their alpha is,” Eladia agrees, “And Jade, when you’re done, please bring in another pitcher. I really would like to enjoy some cider,” I nod and start for the kitchens when she calls once more.
“Yes, Misses Lakefall?” I wonder. Please leave me alone…
“Are you alright, dear? I know it must be hard, being human. Your kind is so clumsy on your feet, and uncoordinated am I right?” Eladia mocks.
“No, madam,” I answer, feeling my blood boiling now. Just leave me alone.
“Oh? Maybe I’m exaggerating. Perhaps ye kind isn’t as bad since they’ve survived this long. I’m sure though that won’t last long,” she says as a matter of fact, “Deary, you mustn’t make such faces; it doesn’t make you look becoming,” Eladia giggles. Leave me alone, please shut up, I’m so sick of your mouth. “Yes, that look. It really isn’t pretty,” she jabbers on. I wish she would shut up.
“A pretty human. Where?!” Hunter asks, looking around, feigning being lost. Howling laughter rises all around the table. I finish pouring her cup, my eyes watering.
“Better a dreary face than the heinous face of a beastly bitch,” I murmur below my breath. Her taut face completely drops, her mouth hanging open. My eyes water, and I turn to run for the kitchen.
“Mother, you made her cry!” Hunter snickers and the table howls while Eladia stares after me in silence. My hot face burns with hot tears. I drop myself beside the stove for the comfort of the fire while I try to remove the glass, still pricking my palms. I stifle my crying into the back of my hands.
“Jade?” asks a voice. My head snaps up, and I rush to wipe my eyes. “You need not hide your tears,” Edmund promises, “Here, your knight has saved you a most precious pie,” he offers a plate.
“How does Chery put up with you? Thou are something else,” I reply, laughter seeping into my voice. He rolls his eyes and sits down beside me.
“Try not to let them get to you. The wolves will try to break you down,” Edmund advises, “Chery came here before me, and I tell you, she was hurt and lonesome, too. She’s come around, but it was not a good time,” Edmund recalls, shaking his head.
“I’ll try, it’s just they’re so awful. These wolves boast about their strength and might, but they’re quite awful and ugly!” I weep.
“Between humans and werewolves. The relationship has been as sour as cottage cheese,” Edmund jokes his face twisting.
“You don’t like cottage cheese?” I suppose.
“With all my guts. Maybe more than the wolves,” Edmund declares, “Cottage cheese never hurt Chery. The wolves, they nearly left her broken,”
“You really care for her, don’t you?” I wonder, and the tops of his ears turn pink.
“No, I just feel bad for her,” Edmund denies it, his voice cracking, he merely shrugs. Liar. Shuffling comes from the other room signaling clean up time. After helping me clear the table, and eating some scraps left, they call my name to serve the family in the living room, meaning, fetching drinks, fluffing the couch cushions. That and listening to their side comments, the jabs at humanity, and the remarks on the ugliness of humanity. The most I can do is try and shut them out. There’s a knock at the door. I dart for it, anything to take me away from these people even for a second. This young lady is looking like a forest goddess. A pale green dress flows around her, draping loosely down her arms to her small dainty hands.
“Hello, I am Lily Brook of the Brook pack,” she introduces herself with a small voice.
“Please come in,” I welcome her, stepping aside to let her.
“What a lovely home as always, Sir and Lady Lakefall!” Lily glows when the two set eyes upon her. I back out of the foyer to avoid their eyes.
“Lily, I’m so pleased that you’ve made it!” Eladia gleams, losing the former haughty over-powering tone from earlier. Oh, I’d treasure smacking that grin off from her sad face.
“I’m glad to be here, Mises Lakefall,” Lily answers. She’s awfully nice to be in a place like this.
“Please, call me Eladia or mother. You are family,” Eladia welcomes her, her eyes warm and inviting. It sickens me to see her flip like this from an ugly witch to this loving mother. This is not who she was just seconds ago. She finally turns to Hunter, stiffening when he pecks her on the cheek.
“Jade!” Vincent snaps at me.
“Yes, sir?”
“Go take in Lily’s things to the guest room, and don’t drop a single one,” Vincent orders.
“Yes, sir,” I answer most obedient.
“Thank you, Jade,” Lily chimes, dipping her head and flashing me a quick smile as if acknowledging me. I pause for a moment, shaking away my surprise, and then I turn to dart upstairs. She’s so noble, so kind. Younger children run by and downstairs to meet Lily. I hope someone as lovely as she can be like a mother to Morgan. Setting her things down, my fingers run over my chest. I can’t care for her, not like her own kind. She needs someone like her. I slip back downstairs, resisting my curiosity to check in on Morgan, I dodge the family laughing and sipping on wines and whatnot. The last thing I need is to become another spectacle.
Chapter Seven
Dead Intimacy
Hunter:
Lily takes a seat beside me, and I wrap my arm around her. Lily’s scent sits somewhere in the depths of my memory from when we first met, but none the less it’s still very foreign. To my relief, Mother and Father are enjoying some wine in the living room. Why they enjoy it so much, I’ll never understand. It’s not like it affects us, and it doesn’t taste all that great either.
“So, how was your travel over here?” I ask.
“Mm, it was wonderful,” Lilly cheers, rolling her head back on my shoulder. I lean in and peck her on the forehead. “There’s such a difference between my home territory and yours. I enjoyed passing by the mountains and the pretty waterfall and the ponds. My home is in a clearing by a small stream, plenty of open room to run,” she says dreamily. She talks of home, hunting, and the freedom of their territory away from the human villages. It’s been a few years since we’ve had a chance to catch up like this since the first time we met. Back then, our packs were rivals for territory. To bring about peace, the pack wolves would need to have alphas that both sides could agree on. As a result, the hand of their heir was offered to be mated with my father’s heir, that being me. We were arranged to unite the Brook and the Lakefall packs between future alphas, the two of us. The fate of the packs’ is all on us, making this work no matter what.
“I’ve missed you since the last time I saw you,” I murmur, leaning forward to peck her lips. She takes my bottom lip in hers, and I pull her in closer. My nerves have me on edge. Surely she can feel how nervous I am. Is she worried, too? The pressure is on both of us. It’s one thing having these feelings and wanting her, but it’s another thing bonding our inner wolves. Inside each werewolf is the split between human and beast. There’s a precise balance in keeping both sides in check. Our human-side tends to be dominant, but there are certain aspects where our wolf-side is stronger. The closer Lilly and I are will surely help build this bond. This, I’m sure.
“Did you miss me?” I ask her, lightly placing a gentle hand on her knee and slowly sliding up towards her. I hold my breath, waiting to see how she’ll respond.
“I have missed you,” Lilly whispers in my ear. Her small, delicate hand lightly traces my cheek to my jawline. It sort of tickles. Lilly’s soft brown eyes gaze into mine. Lilly takes a slow, shaky deep breath and bites her bottom lip. Her small hands are shaking, and her shoulders are stiff. “We haven’t seen each other- touched each other in so long,” Lilly mutters, her eyes drifting away. I can sense her unease, and I wonder if she can sense mine?
“We’ll find that connection. This will work,” I promise Lilly, leaning my forehead against hers, and she closes her eyes. We hold the other for a few seconds, maybe minutes, listening to one another breathing.
“You are my alpha,” Lilly whispers.
“And you are mine,” I murmur back.
“Don’t let me go,” Lilly asks.
“I won’t let you go,” I tell her. Gah, my heart is racing! This building anxiety is going to be the death of me. I can hardly stand it. Lilly leans in for another deep kiss, pressing closer into me. Her hair smells like sweet soaps. I hold her at her waist and break off the kiss first. She pulls back, breathless as I am. Lilly searches my face, a slight frown forming. I’m starting to get a headache from the stress of my inner wolf. This anxiety is going to make me sick to my stomach. I want us to work, but inside unease lurks. My wolf burns like a fire, but now it feels cold like it’s removed and tired.
“Are you okay, my Hunter? What’s wrong, you look upset,” Lilly inquires, sensing something is wrong. This isn’t fair to her.
“I’m fine, maybe just a little stressed, you know,” I explain. I’m just not feeling the same way
“I know your father puts a lot of work and responsibilities on your shoulders,” Lilly sighs, rubbing my shoulders, her soft eyes starting to worry, “Maybe a good hunting trip will ease the strain?” she worries.
“Let me just go up to my room and grab something,” Lily calls over her shoulder.
“Want me to go up there with you?” I tease. She pauses in the doorway, a hand on her hip.
“Oh, stop it. Same old Hunter right back,” she calls from the archway. My head falls back on the sofa cushion. I grab a handful of my hair and take a long, deep breath. My heart is pounding, but not from her. Something inside doesn’t feel right, my wolf senses it but I can’t seem to figure it out. It’s like my wolf is gnawing at me from inside my ribcage. My wolf longs for someone, and all I know is it’s not Lilly. 
Chapter Eight
Squabble
Jade:
"Miss Jade,” someone’s deep voice. I turn, expecting Eric only to find his brother, Chase, coming this way.
"Yes sir,” I call back, my voice all too cheerful. He looks so much like Eric, but I have to keep in mind this isn’t the kind-merciful wolf, Eric. This is just another one like them.
"Just what are you doing, lingering in the hallway?" Chase demands to know.
"Cleaning bedrooms,” I state, my voice forward and direct. No, Chase doesn’t share his brother’s mercy for humans.
"Fine, but don't talk to me like that. I will not be spoken to so casually by a human," Chase declares, his brown eyes lightening with yellow flecks.
"Y-yes Sir," I blurt out, bowing respectfully. He storms past me, shoving past me so that I stumble. A pain snaps in my ankle. I gasp, clutching my ankle, as I rock back and forth. Inhaling a hiss of air, I try to hold back a cry of grief.
“Jade!” Hunter calls, “Come along, we’re hunting.” Leaning against the wall, I pick myself up. I brush off dust and dirt from my tunic while Lilly is leading the children from the playroom downstairs.
"Where might you be going?" one of the small children wonders.
"Hunting," Lily answers.
"Can we come!" they begin to whine and plead, following at her heels.
"No, but one day you will go hunting when you are ready," she promises, hugging the children before she leaves. I follow at a distance behind Lilly and Hunter. Their bodies shift partially, showing off their fangs and claws, their wolfish sides. The two, chatting casually, so at ease. We travel some distance away before they begin the hunt. Lilly perks up, her keen nose pointed toward the bushes. She crouches her hand against the Earth, and her ears twitching as her brown eyes shift yellow and focus. Hunter watches breathlessly as she shoots forward, her speed absurd. The rabbit dashes away. Lilly pushes harder, nearly on top of her prey. Her fangs snapping, she lands the kill the rabbit lies. I hurry to retrieve our prey in a large sack to carry back. I look from Lilly, to the rabbit, and to Hunter. This was such a clean, easy kill, not like Hunter’s last one. She’s not the savage they are. Lilly turns to me to carry her catch.
"You better not drop that," Hunter growls. His eyes narrow on me, his nose wrinkled as if he'd caught a bad scent.
"Ye-es S-sir," I stutter. I throat the bag over my shoulder and continue tagging along.
"You have such loyal servants. They're so polite," Lily comments, "Tell me, Miss Jade, is your work hard?" Lilly asks.
"I um-" I mutter.
"Don't be shy. Tell me, is it hard?" Lilly inquires.
"Sometimes, miss," I admit. My eyes flicker to Hunter, and he averts his eyes like I’m some sort of frightful monster.
"Lily, please don't bother talking to it,” Hunter complains, “The humans are to serve and not be seen,” he adds, and she makes a disappointed face.
"No, it's fine. Thank you, Miss Jade, for your services, that bag looks awfully heavy,” Lilly notes.
"I most appreciate working for you, Miss Brook,” I admit, beaming at her graciousness. Hunter shoots her a look when something else catches her attention. He takes off. Something off in the distance chitters, chatters, and cries out before it goes silent. Hunter returns with a raccoon, massacred bloody and torn to shreds. I load up the bag, but it’s becoming heavy. I struggle and shift my weight, but it’s too much, and I drop it.
“Did we ask you not to drop the bag?” Lilly inquires, her glowing face now like a stone. I blink, and my back hits the nearest tree.
"Wha-what are you doing,” I wheeze, "I thought- I,"
"Incompetence is not tolerated,” Lilly snarls at me. Her shoulders hunch up, and a loud popping rumbles through her back. Her face twists. I collapse to the ground, my back against the tree while she shifts into this massive blonde furred wolf. Her gorgeous dress tears at the seams. Lilly lunges forward, nipping my leg. Someone’s scream pierces the air. I curl up, my fingers trace puncture wounds, and my eyes are blurred by falling tears. I was wrong about you.
"Lilly," Hunter snaps at her. She snaps to his direction, her ears stuck out flat. Hunter growls, his lips twitching into a snarl. He approaches and Lilly whines. What's happening with these wolves? The wolves growl, their annoyance burbling and rumbling in their chests. Lilly’s eyes shift to something else, another wolf is coming. Its blond fur is darker, and he stands taller than her. This wolf gives a low warning growl, slowly pacing until he stops right in front of me. The wolf casts its eyes on me, gazing into to my own eyes, seeing me. And I see you, Eric?
"Just who do you think you’re challenging?" Hunter demands. There’s a ripple down Eric’s body with a popping sound. I watched, transfixed on the body of an animal becoming human. He’s still part-wolf, covered in fur with fangs and claws, but he’s also a man. I avert my eyes, my face feeling flushed.
"You’re such an idiot, you're always confused with people," Eric snarls back.
"What the hell do you mean by that?" Hunter roars back. Lilly slowly eases around them, resting behind Hunter, but her eyes are trained on me. I can see it. She isn’t hiding. No, she’s waiting to pounce again.
"Hunter stops this before people get hurt," Eric warns, holding his ground between Hunter and us two girls. Hunter glances at us two, eyes flickering between us, and something in him relaxes. With this, Eric sighs and storms off, shaking his head.
“I suggest you return with him, go clean yourself up,” Hunter suggests, waving me off. He scoops up the bag and turns his back.

Hunter:
Lilly’s body shifts back, her eyes distant and hazy. Her lips are stained with blood, Jade’s blood. I’ve never seen her use her authority like that. I’m sure she will be an exquisite alpha. She really knows how to put someone in their place. She takes a deep breath and sighs. Her small delicate hand brushes her long dark hair behind an ear.
“We should head back for dinner,” Lilly suggests, waltzing straight to me. Her hand settles upon my shoulder, and she smiles.
“Here I thought you were fond of humans,” I start.
“They are tolerable until they show their incompetence,” Lilly states, leaning her head against my shoulder. That being said, she should have put Eric in his place, but she didn’t. I nuzzle her hair with my nose. She’s anxious, I can feel it.
“Alright, let’s head back. And get you dressed,” I decide, and we head back with our kills in my hand.
"Pitiful humans, they know nothing," mother goes on, “Why can’t they ever settle down,” she complains as Chery sets out tonight’s dinner. She’s by herself it would seem. Jade’s not here. Never mind her.
"Speaking of humans, I heard you showed one of the little human here who's alpha," father turns to praise Lilly.
"Yes, Sir Lakefall. She needed to know incompetence would not be tolerated,” Lilly states.
"Amazing, you'll be a great Luna for this pack. And someday, their alpha," Eladia chimes. Well, these two are bonding quite well. I scoff at myself, turning to slip out the room after wolfing down my plate. I head back for my bedroom, which is near spotless now. The bed’s been made since I left it. I smell her, she’s in my room. She shoots up to her feet, still folding sheets and blankets.
"Oh, I-I'll be going now," Jade dismisses herself. My wolf stirs within me, pressing to surface over my consciousness. What does it want?
"It’s fine, continue," I suggest with a careless shrug. I should have told Jade to leave.
"Yes sir," She answers and continues with her cleaning. I plop myself down in bed and close my eyes. The room is quiet save for Jade shuffling around the room. I crack an eye open. She dusts off my desk and orders some of the paperwork I should be sorting through before moving onto the floor with cleaner and a cloth. She huffs, stuck on a spot that I recall walking through with mud on my feet.
"Is your work hard?" I wonder.
"Mmm? I'm sorry?" She blurts out. I press my lips into a line. Why are you talking to her, you idiot?
"Is your work around her hard?" I repeat myself. Quit talking to her, she’s but a mere human. Her life is insignificant, so why should you care if her work is hard? It’s this budding anxiety. I can’t stop staring when she finally looks my way. Honey, her eyes are a light honey brown.
"So-s-sometimes," she stutters, dropping her gaze to the floor. She can’t even look at me straight.
"Mmm?" is all I can answer with. I sit up and stop myself, “Are you alright?” Jade questions, taking a step toward me, but I hold up a hand for her to stop. The smell of minty cleaner has my head dizzy. I can’t have her any closer.
“I’m fine,” I lie, but my heart is racing about as fast as I can run through the forest. My nose crinkles and Jade steps back. A wolfish whine slips out.
"I’m fine. Just tired,” I turn that whine into a harsh bark, “Take the rest of the evening off,”
“Really- I…?” Jade wonders, her eyes wide with disbelief, so I wave her on dismissively, “Thank you, sir, thank you!" Jade blurts with a surprised gasp. She looks overjoyed. What a pleasant smile. I feel myself smile, and this light, giddy, bubbly feeling flutter in my stomach.
"Just go now. I don't need to hear you ramble on forever," I order, killing Jade's joy instantly. Her smile dies, her wide, surprised eyes are now full of that fear again, and she pulls away further.
"Y-yes, sir, I apologize,” Jade stammers. She hurries to race out of my room, but something’s wrong with her. She has a limp. She’s hurt. I start after her, but I stop in the doorway, watching her hurry off, and finally disappear down the stairs. She looked so upset after I snap at her. I turn back to my bed, I slam my fist into my pillow to release the stress building up. I look in the mirror and run my fingers through my hair. My whole body aches with tension, and a growl of irritation rumbles in my chest. I tear myself away from the mirror for Lilly’s room.
“Hey,” I murmur.
“Hey, you. Come to ease your stress?” Lilly guesses. I simply shrug, not even sure what I’m doing anymore. “Come on,” Lilly giggles, gesturing for me to come to her. At her invitation, I head in and sit on the edge of her bed.
"Do you like the room?" I ask her.
"It's nice and comfortable, thank you," Lilly answers, scooting until she's sitting next to me. Lilly gazes up to me. I cup her face, lifting her chin as I lean in to kiss her. Her breathing hitches faster, and her small hand slides under my shirt up to my chest. She's warm and tender under my hand. Lilly growls softly in my ear, her wolf prying for control now. I pull at her shirt, and she strips it off. My heart pounds hard. Do I keep going with this? With Lilly under me, breathing fast, I could have her right now.
"Come back," Lilly breathes, grabbing the back of my head and pulling my lips to hers. I lean into her, feeling her desire building. I pull back, not intentionally. Lilly pants, catching her breath and some clarity coming back into her gaze. I bring my lips to hers when she stops me.
"Lilly?" I question.
"Let's take a break," she suggests, pulling herself upright.
"I-," I start when she stops me again. Clearly, she can see it in me that I'm not feeling the same. I shut my mouth and nod before I leave her room.
Chapter Nine
An Arrival
Jade:
I stand in the doorway, watching Morgan run about the playroom for a few moments before I tear myself away. A rush of childish laughter flows through the house. Lilly and Eladia are back with the children. They barrel past me, shoving me aside as they scream and laugh. Their tongues are fast-moving with new degrading slurs about humans and their place in the world of wolves. It sounds like they’ve learned a lot.
"Pitiful human," one sneers, laughing like it’s some joke.
“Good morning, sir,” I greet Sir Lakefall. He looks my way and grumbles quietly. He inspects the freshly polished, set dining table for flaws. Vincent’s eyes narrow, searching harder for something to pick at.
"Hmm, very well. Come," Vincent orders. I follow him feeling quite pleased with myself. It might have been a pain, literally with my ankle, but at least he’s happy with me. In Vincent's office stands a man in a fabulous suite. He stands well-dressed in a royal blue suit, neatly groomed, and stands tall and stately.
"Ah, Sir Brook, it’s good to see you again,” Sir Lakefall greets him, shaking hands. The moment is odd. It’s strange to see these growling monsters, hunters of prey, and human killers shaking hands and dressed like professional businessmen. Before me stand animals in suits and bow ties.
"It is indeed, but you know you can call me Charles," says Mr. Brook; this is Suzah and Lilly's father’s speaking. Like his two daughters, he has the same dark blond hair framing his angular, high cheeked boned face. His face drops when he spots me.
"What about her?" Charles inquires. Vincent waves his hand dismissively,
"Just one of the peasants," he scoffs. The two men take seats at Vincent’s desks. Even sitting, their husky frames consume the space of the office. The deep-voiced chatter about their kids’ marriages vibes with joy, friendly familiarity, and pride.
“Now, what to do about the barbarians?” Vincent mentions them. I feign disinterest, but curiosity rises within me.
“Yes, what of your barbarian,” Charles scoffs, “They seem to cause you some trouble,” he sneers.
“They are trying, Charles. We are still in control, but none the less, these barbarian upstarts have been stealing and ambushing our patrol teams,” Vincent tells him.
"They are a problem but shall be suppressed,” Charles shrugs the very idea of them off.
"As one pack, we’ll rid our territory of them. We shall never have to worry ourselves again,” Vincent adds. How can they fear the barbarians? Wolf hunts ended ages ago. Sure, the barbarians launch a few raids, but they’re nothing like the hunts back in the day.
"Disgusting they are. Humans are just foolish and terrible!" Charles criticizes, and they make a face.
"And they smell like vermin, pew!" Vincent adds.
"And they're so weak, too," Charles says with a short chuckle.
"Like sticks, so bony with no muscles," Vincent adds.
"Because we’re too busy fending off beasts to feed ourselves," I mutter under my breath, but they hear me.
"Shut up human, filthy vermin," Charles snarls. Vincent's face had twisted into a horrible look of anger. I just knew I was going to get it. 'Me and my blood mouth,' I scold myself.
"I'm so sorry for her senselessness," Vincent apologizes, shooting a look my way. Oh, yes, I’m going to get it.
"It's fine, it is so hard to find good work these days,” Charles complains, sparking another long chat about the humans this and that. They say their goodbyes, and I can feel it coming. I watch Charles leave the castle with a few rough-looking wolves walking on either side. Vincent wastes not a second more to lead me away.
“Hunter, my boy, why don’t you come along?” Vincent offers as we pass his son. Hunter stares with his brows furrowed together as Vincent grabs my arm, and yanks me down to the basement; only we pass by my quarters. He drams me down to another level below. The air is cold, dimly lit and musty smelling like it’s had a history of flooding.
“Father, what’s going-,” Hunter begins to ask, but is cut short.
"When will you learn your place?” Vincent bellows, and he throws me down. I’m sent rolling, the rough stone floor scraping my arms.
“GAH!” I splutter, my chest seizes, and I gasp for air. He yanks me up by the arm and swipes across my face. This time it throbs all across my face. “Please!” I cry out.
"Have you learned your place, filth?" Vincent demands before throwing me down again. He glares down at me, storming towards me as I struggle to prop myself back up. Don’t let them break your spirit. I glare back up. He raises his heavy foot and hits my sore ankle. He watches my face expectantly, but I hold myself firm. He growls at me and stomps harder. I can’t hold back my screaming.
"Please help!" I cry out desperately. I look between Vincent and Hunter. His son grimaces, averting his eyes from this pitiful sight.
"No one’s coming for you," Vincent laughs, rolling his head back. He steps on my ankle again, kicking me, sending me rolling across the floor.
"Do you know your place?" Vincent begins again.
“Yes!” I blurt out. My shoulder screams at me again. I whimper, my face scrunching up, I cry out.
“Do you know your place?” he spits in my face.
“Yes, now please-,” I beg, and he strikes me across the face. My skin screams. Something wet rolls down the side of my face.
“Do you know your place?” Vincent roars.
"Y-yes sir," I stutter, "I’m just a pitiful human, I am not worth any kindness or to be shown gratefulness," I murmur. He drops me, and I fall to bow before him.
"Good,” Vincent praises. He turns to leave me here on the cold floor. I lie there for some time, listening long after his footsteps fade. Pulling myself toward the wall, I lean on it for dear life. My fingers scrape against the stone wall, hanging on for support and balance. My quarters upstairs feel like it’s miles away.
Chapter Ten
What the Wolf Wants
Hunter:
Once again, I feel uneasy. My head still throbs with my inner wolf’s restlessness, and I still can’t figure it out. Fresh air, I just need fresh air.
“Isn’t the day lovely? The chilly air feels wonderful,” Lilly beams, her face glowing in the morning fall sun. I drape my arm around Lilly’s waist and pull her close to me. She’s warm, her hair smells like fresh soaps, and she’s smiling. Morgan runs about, busy trying to grab the falling leaves. The child doesn’t speak much except when she can reach Jade. Everyone is hoping that she’ll open up to the family eventually. The leaves crunch behind us with the human servant tallying long behind us. I can feel my wolf whining inside. Gah, it’s that same longing desire. She looks… terrible. Her arms are cut up, her cheek bruised, she’s limping worse. Oh, she’s putting a brave little face on... Every now and then I hear her make these small sounds when her body pains her. The girl is quick to silence herself or stifle it in the back of her hand. However, I know she’s hurting in there. I hate this. I should trouble myself with worrying over a human. Father would say something like, “What is one human life when you can always find another human servant,” or something like that. He’d made up something about how they multiplied like rabbits in the field. I’d go along with it because I never felt anything close to them. I just trusted my father’s guidance.
“Are you okay?” Lilly questions. I give her an assuring smile.
“I’m just fine,” I promise her, leaning forward to kiss her lips. She leans into me, biting my bottom lip. I feel her warmth, energy, and urgency to love me. But I haven’t the same urge, and I pull away all too quickly. Lilly frowns, her eyes questioning, but easily distracted by Morgan’s play. The kid’s chasing after something now.
“She’ll be a fine hunter, I’m sure,” I tell Lilly, but she doesn’t respond. I catch her lips again, and she comes back to me. The moment is short, cold, and forced. I think it should spark yearning, desire, and warmth; only it doesn’t. All this is, are two people following motions and actions of love and wanting. Lilly pulls away after a few moments letting us both catch our breath. We avert our eyes from each other, and awkwardness tingles along my spine. Now Morgan’s coming up to us, running with a mangled up squirrel she’s either caught or found. It hardly looks likes much, but she holds it up like a trophy.
“You can’t eat that Morgan; it’s all torn up. It smells of disease, too,” Lilly criticizes. Morgan frowns, pulling it close to herself protectively. Morgan sticks out her lip, pouting now at Lilly’s disapproval, “Now, put it down,” Lilly demands, “You’re getting its blood all over yourself,”
“Lilly I-” I begin. I gently place my hand on her shoulder, but she pays me no attention. She’s too worked up; her focus is all on Morgan. When Morgan doesn’t listen, Lilly slaps her hand, forcing Morgan to drop it. She snatches the squirrel away and tosses it. Morgan drops herself to the ground, crying silently when Jade rushes to her. Jade wipes away Morgan’s tears, whispering soft words.
“Miss Jade, you aren’t to be around the children,” Lilly warns her, storming toward her.
“Don’t you ever touch her,” Jade snaps at her. Lilly jumps a bit, taken aback by Jade’s sudden audacity.
“We are wolves. Our young are to listen and show respect. Who are you, an outsider to tell me how to discipline her?” Lilly fires back. Jade shoots up to her feet. Morgan hides behind her shaking. “Now Jade-,” Lilly begins, and a set of knuckles slam into her face. My jaw drops. Lilly pops back up howling, clutching her face.
“Jade,” I snarl. I start forward, but I stop. My chest burns. I breathe deeply, my face twisting into a snarl. I can’ stop Jade, but I can’t stop Lilly either. A furious fierceness burns in Jade’s eyes. What a look of strength! She is incredible. There is something powerful in her gaze that stops even me from acting. Perhaps it is valor, magnificence, or something else I don’t understand.
“Don’t you touch her! Don’t you touch her, she’s but a child!” Jade screams, a rage burning hotter than the kitchen ovens in her eyes. Lilly kicks Jade off, sending her stumbling.
“Lilly,” I snap at her without meaning to, but it’s too late.
“Hunter?” Lilly scoffs at me, “Really?” she chuckles. I shrug, not sure how to explain my behavior to her or myself, “And you,” Lilly resumes with Jade. The uneasy queasiness is coming back, oh, I’m going to be sick. “So, what if I scold her? Her behavior mustn’t be tolerated. I mean to attach herself to a human? It’s not normal,” Lilly seethes, “You haven’t any right to tell me what to do and certainly not over one of ours,” Lilly scolds Jade. Lilly makes a move forward, and Jade launch forth, and I gawk at her bold audacity. She’s incredible, I can’t help it, what a bold move! Without any warning, Eric grabs Jade making her gasp and frantically struggle to free herself. I rock forward but catch myself. What am I doing?
“Easy now, come on, easy,” Eric pleads, and she starts to calm down. Thank God it’s only Eric, and I’m thankful for someone with some sense here. However, why is he here?
“Lilly, come on, calm down, please,” I blurt out, “This is too much,” I complain, grimacing at the situation. I rub at my chest, where it feels like my wolf is sitting. Lilly whirls around on me.
“Discipline, she needed discipline. She wouldn’t listen!” Lilly snaps. Lilly tears herself free and shoves me backward. “That dirty human girl should be allowed to touch another wolf. It’s unheard of, and I plan to deal with her,” she threatens before turning to go for Jade.
“You will not,” I stop her, growling at Lilly, the tension welling up in my chest, lighting my bones on fire. Eric lets go of Jade to face me. My lips curl up into a silent snarl, and my body starts to shift, to become more wolfish. No, no, no, this isn’t happening. I can’t stop what’s coming, there’s no turning back now. My mind dives backward into cool, icy waters where my thoughts are submerged.
“I said enough, I’ve had it,” I growl, low and guttural. Lilly’s lip twitches, and I hear this quiet growling in the bottom of her chest.
“Hunter, snap out of it. Stay in control!” Eric urges, but I shove him aside. My focus trains on Lilly. Her heart races with nervousness. I’m going to make her eat those threats. How dare she threaten her, she’s mine. Jade rushes forward suddenly.
“Jade no, he’s gone, what are you doing!” Eric yells after her, trying to pull her back, but he misses. My nose twitches, and I go silent. There she is. She is mine.
“Master Lakefall, please,” Jade pleads, “Please, we’re sorry. This won’t happen again,” she blurts out. I raise a hand to strike Lilly when Jade grabs my other arm. My focus snaps to Jade, her soft and delicate touch on my arm. I snarl at Lilly again, and Jade shakes like a leaf in the wind. I’m scaring her. My hand drops, and his face relaxes. “Please, I-I’m sorry,” Jade stammers, her heart racing. Beautiful Jade, mine, I want her. Anything, I’ll do anything for her. The longer I gaze at her, the cooler my wolf becomes. I take a deep breath as if I’d been holding my breath under chilling waters. Jade’s hand lightly touching my shoulder, she soothes the monstrous wolf. My wolf, riled up and annoyed with Lilly, suddenly backs off. The heat in my chest subsides to nothing. With my inner wolf cooling down and checking out, I feel my will claw its way back to control. I blink blankly at Jade, and there it is again, that longing desire within my wolf. I glance at Eric, who looks at me with a knowing look on his face. Even he knows, and actually, he must have somehow known all along- he must have known... I look from Lilly to Jade. Jade’s scent, my wolf, it wants to have her, not Lilly. Everything, all these feelings bubbling and stirring in me point straight to Jade. How can a moment’s touch, less intimate than a passionate kiss with my lover, feel like so much more? Where there was nothing in a sweet kiss, there is heat and desiring for this one. Oh, no, what is this? This can’t be right, but it would explain why I’ve felt so off these last few days. It’s because my wolf picked Jade over Lilly.
Chapter Eleven
Competitor
I have Eric take Jade and Morgan home. All I want is to tell Vincent the things that have happened, but Lilly disagrees. She’d rather I leave this unspoken of. Either Lilly’s embarrassed to have been beaten by a human, or the awkwardness arose between us. A sense of dread fills my gut. I sit down just as Chery’s serving dinner.
“Miss Chery,” Eladia begins.
“Yes, M-Miss Lakefall,” Chery inquires, her eyes focused on the table.
“This is burnt,” Eladia complains.
“Yes, Lady Lakefall,” Chery answers. She bows her head and rushes to the kitchen for a replacement plate. It smells of eggs, meats, and some of the most exquisite cheese that had probably been bought from the village. Following Chery leaving, Edmund and Jade come in with the rest. It smells of meat, cheeses, and spices brought in from town. Her dark brown curls hide her eyes, but for a split second, when she straightens up, I see them. Two pools of light brown hazel pools. Her eyes remain fixed on the plates. For a brief second, those alluring eyes flicker over me and nearly take my breath away.
“So, how’s your morning?” Lilly questions. Her eyes fall on me. Her eyes are bright and energetic, but I still remember how they looked yesterday.
“Good, how about you?” I ask. Anger branches through my chest, across my chest. Put it aside. I lean in and peck her on the cheek. The humans disappear into the kitchen, leaving us to enjoy our meals. It’d be nice if it weren’t so warm in here. Lilly’s foot slides over, nudging mine. I catch her eyes, smiling at me, and I pull my foot away. She averts her eyes, looking disappointed. We both feel it; there is a connection lacking between us.
“Something troubling you?” my father notices.
“It’s a little warm,” I complain, pulling at my shirt collar.
“Really, it’s feeling a little drafty,” Suzah disagrees.
“Go for a walk,” Eladia suggests.
“Lilly,” my father chimes in.
“I-I’m fine. By myself,” I stammer. I might be feeling a bit heated, but not for Lilly, not like that. I excuse myself and head for my bedroom. The cold stone walls do little to help the fire of the wolf inside. It burns with anxiety, agitated insomnia that will not quiet. I stumble around the corner, right into Jade. The clumsy girl falls, dropping a couple folded quilts.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, sir!” Jade blurts out accordingly, falling to a bow before me.
“No, it’s fine,” I shrug her off. I take her hand, her small, soft, warm hand, and help her to her feet. In an instant, my inner wolf surfaces and yanks my consciousness beneath it. It’s taking all my will power just to hold still and not do something. What I’d do, I’m not sure. Actually, I’m perplex by this warm, bubbly, almost giddy light in my chest. She blinks blankly at me, her mouth hanging open ajar.
“Just go,” I murmur and shove past her to get outside. I need to get some air.

Jade:
I run right into him, Hunter Lakefall.
“No, it’s fine,” he ignores my clumsy blundering and pulls me up. Not a trace of anger crosses his face, but his gaze remains fixed on me. Those green eyes, they’re golden.
“Just go,” he dismisses me and pushes me aside into the wall. I brush off the dust and continue my way back to my quarters. My daily chores have been nailed to the board; I’m on bedroom and bathroom work. Among other’s duties, there’s firewood to be chopped, laundry to be washed, food to be prepared, the kitchen to be cleaned, and Lady Lakefall has someone accompany her throughout the day. What a horrible task. I don’t know who might be worse to tend to, Vincent or Eladia. Vincent might beat one to death, but Eladia will break you with her sharp, witty tongue. I shudder, Jade, you have work to do. I head for the bathrooms first. The rooms smell of scented candles, jars of fancy smelling soaps, and perfumes. These are the things I used to ogle and gawk at in the village market. On my way home from my fabric stand, I would stop at Castile’s market to browse. They had imported spices and herbs to make their works from countries afar. I return upstairs to find Chase, Eric, and Lilly in the hallway.
“He’s left, the man needs to cool down,” Chase states.
“I’ll go find him,” Lilly offers. I slip by unnoticed as I work.
“I don’t think that’s what he needs right now,” Eric disagrees, “He and his inner wolf are in animosity,”
“I- I don’t understand,” Lilly whines, “He should be able to tell me if something’s wrong,” she complains, “Our wolves must bond,” she murmurs.
“He left,” says a voice, it was Eric. My fragile nerves relax for a moment. I go to close the window and turn to Eric.
“So, what’s on your mind?” I ask curiously.
“I don’t know if you know, but Hunter-” he begins.
“Eric!” Chase yells from a few rooms over. Eric couldn’t talk to me for Chase barged in.
“Where did Hunter go?” he demands. Eric shrugs unsurely, and in his anger, Chase threw a punch towards Eric but missed.
“What are you looking at?” Chase snap.
“Nothing, sir,” I reply and bow, respectively. I feel my nerves tense, and Vincent’s words replay in my mind ‘Remember your place!’ Chase takes a step towards me, so I awkwardly stumbled backward out of my fear. Chase laughed at me and continued laughing despite the mean glares coming from Eric.
“Pitiful and clumsy,” Chase says as he walks out. I turned to Eric,
“What were you talking about earlier?” I question him.
“Oh um- you know what I’ll tell you another time,” he says and left as well. I stand motionless for a few moments before picking up a sheet that had been kicked off of Hunter’s bed and smoothened out the blankets.
I head in the bedrooms to replace sheets and blankets. Hunter’s room, in particular, tends to be a mess. Books are scattered around his desk. Paperwork has blown off his desk from the window being open. The crisp, cool breeze blows in, bringing in the smell and air of the pine trees outside. I pause at one book.
“Alphas of Vetus,” it reads.
“You are not to be lounging about in my mate’s bed,” Lilly complains, flying into the room. I pop up to my feet.
“Sorry, Miss Brook,” I apologize, bowing my head before her. She circles around me, watching me, looking me over while I work. I train my eyes on the tasks before me. Oh, I feel like prey. With the predator stalking me. To take me down soon.
“Watch yourself. I do not tolerate incompetent servants,” Lilly warns me, “I don’t like humans, and I don’t trust humans.
“Yes, Miss Brook,” I murmur.
“There’s something off about you. Your scent,” Lilly complains, still circling around like a dog about to pounce on its prey. I haven’t a clue if I should say anything. “Tell me, and answer me honestly, for I’ll sense your lies; have you ever been with a man?” Lilly inquires.
“I-I’m sorry?” I blurt out. Did I just hear her correctly? My face flushes deeply, and I drop my gaze. Why would she ask such a thing!
“Answer me before I lose my patience,” Lilly demands.
“No,” I blurt out, “I’ve never been with a man,” I admit, trembling before Lilly and her judgment. Why on Earth would she want to know?
“So, no mate has claimed you, yet,” Lilly mutters as if talking to herself now.
“Y-yes, Miss Lilly,” I murmur, and her eyes narrow on me. Good Lord, I might faint.
“Look here, you stay away from Hunter. He’s a busy man and can’t be wasting time,” Lilly warns me. Wasting time, with what, me? “I don’t want him getting close to a human,” she sneers, looking down at me like I’m beneath her but not like before. No, before I was just a mere clumsy human. Now she’s looking at me like I’m a threat to her. As if! “Not when our packs are finally at peace with one another,” Lilly murmurs.
“Yes Miss Lilly,” I answer her, dipping my head in respect to her.
“Now go on,” she dismisses me, and I cannot race out fast enough.
“Watch yourself. I do not tolerate incompetent servants,” Lilly warns me, “Now go on,” she dismisses me, and I cannot race out fast enough.

Hunter:
“Oh, I missed you!” Lilly bursts out. She rushes to me, jumping into my arms. She brings her lips to mine without a moment’s hesitation. Her enthusiasm is sloppy and forced.
“I wasn’t gone that long,” I remind her.
“Come, dinner is being served,” Lilly tells me, taking my hand in hers. We join the table. I get a look from Eric, shortly disrupted by the food brought in. I press my lips into a tight line and feel my temperature rise. Everything, I can’t ignore it now that I know it. I can focus all I want on eating. The warm, spices greet my nose; the sweetness of jams and spreads are all wonderful. But I can’t ignore that calling to Jade.
“Son, we haven’t talked business in a while,” my father begins.
“What’s there to talk about?” I wonder. Where is this going now?
“It’s fortunate you and Lilly pair up so nicely. It makes the merging of our packs much smoother,” Vincent reminds me, “The bonding ceremony must be soon. So that the packs can be united,” he adds.
“Why the rush father?” I inquire, “Can’t we just take our time?”
“Young love,” my mother gushes.
“We need numbers to fend off the barbarians,” Vincent states, “The Brooks would give us the upper hand,” he hopes, “We crush the barbarians, we ensure the hunts continue no more. Never again will they hunt our children, and our children’s children,”
“And the village, we’ll tear it to the ground,” Lilly boasts.
“No! We don’t wish for their destruction, my dear,” Vincent states, “We only want our safety,” he adds.
“But humans have trapped, skinned, and hunted us,” Lilly points out, “We should dispose of them,” she decides. My father raises his brows, eyes distant, and the tenseness in his shoulders. It’s the sort of, “this isn’t over,” look he has.
“We’ll figure this out after you two are fully committed mates,” Vincent decides.
“Father, I’m not sure I-,” and I bite my tongue until I taste blood. He shoots me a lip. Damn, “May I be, excused?” I blurt out.
“If you must be,” Vincent grumbles, picking at his food, and he makes that face again.
“Thanks, father,” I say quickly. I leave the dining room and start heading towards my room. As I walk down the corridor to the stairs, I hear footsteps behind me.
“What do you want, Eric?” I question.
“So, which one are you going to choose?” he wonders, his voice is shaky. He knows it.
“That obvious, man?” I point out, rolling my eyes.
“Your wolf has picked Jade,” Eric points out.
“Ridiculous. That girl is not a wolf,” I remind him.
“Doesn’t matter. It’s who your wolf picked,” Eric fires back, his voice rising. I gesture for him to walk with me outside. “Don’t act like it’s not a big deal,”
“Because it isn’t. I’m with Lilly,” I call over my shoulder.
“Are you really? Because when you were faced with defending Lilly or Jade, you went after Lilly. You were going to rip her to shreds,” Eric recalls, and I haven’t a word to say because he’s right. “And the moment Jade touched you, when your wolf was taking over, you calmed the hell down. Because she’s the one,”
“I can’t be with her. Not like that. I have to remain devoted to Lilly. It is my duty. I can’t just give up my responsibilities to my pack,” I remind him.
“You will only hurt yourself. You’ll hurt Lilly, too,” Eric fires at me, seething, his hands balled up into fists. “She isn’t meant to be yours,” he goes on, charging up to me all to challengingly. I straighten up, meeting him eye to eye.
“And who’s is she meant to be with, tell me, Eric. Who’s your wolf picked?” I begin, “Eric? You’ve been giving me dirty looks now. Following Lilly and I around everywhere,” I point out, “Just what did you mean by that? You’ll end up hurt?” I inquire.
“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about, man,” Eric stammers, choking on his words, “I’ve been your right-hand man,” he reminds me, and he’s not wrong, but something is off with him.
“Hunter, I would never touch your mate. You and Lilly are our alphas,” Eric promises.
“But what does your wolf say?” I demand to know, and he’s tight-lipped because if he lies, Eric knows I’ll sense it. Eric drops his gaze, looking lost in his head. I just want an explanation. We’ve always been good friends, so why are we at each other’s throats now?
“She’s all I think about. Her face… she makes me smile… she makes me sad. I just want to hold her,” Eric murmurs, “I haven’t been able to phase,”
“You can’t phase?” I scoff at him, earning me a sharp glare. I shake my head and shrug, “Maye it’s stress. You know- it’s hindering your body from being able to phase and change?” I suppose, “I’m sorry, but... I- A human can’t be my mate. Even if it were someone else, another wolf, Lilly and I are betrothed to one another. It’s already been decided,” I state.
“Then make a new decision. You’re the alpha’s son, the beta,” Eric suggests.
“Shut up, and how can you be sure that Lilly is your mate? She was born an alpha. You were born to a sub-pack at the edge of the territory,” I suppose.
“And you’re an alpha who’s wolf picked a human!” Eric snaps at me, his eyes glassy, eyebrows arching. You’re crossing the line, Hunter.
“I have responsibilities, Eric. I can’t just do as I feel like,” I state. Images of Father’s violent fury flash in my mind, “Hours a day, going through lessons on what’s right and wrong and paying for my mistakes!” I remind him, “And now I find that my wolf belongs to the very kind that we’re supposed to be fighting,” I murmur, “I don’t know what to do anymore,”
“Let’s figure this out, alright?” Eric suggests, “Before we both lose our damn minds,” offering a handshake.
“We’re both dead men now,” I state.
Chapter Twelve
Rejection
Jade:
I yawn, stretch, and smoothen out the covers of my cot. Today, I find a fresh pale blue tunic sitting between the bars of my cell. I welcome clean fabric against my skin, fitting for the chilly day. I join Chery to make breakfast before I start for the chore board for the day.
"Miss Jade," I hear my name on his lips. I feel my heart pounding, and my blood runs cold. I turn, my eyes on the floor.
"Yes, sir?"
"I'd like you to come with while I hunt. Bring the leather bag," Hunter decides. I follow along with him. He rolls his neck, joins popping. He flexes his fingers out, claws lengthening as he wiggles his fingers.
"How's your ankle?" Hunter asks.
"Better," I mumble.
"Good, that's good,” Hunter sighs. What does he care about? I am but a human, a pitiful human. I keep my distance from him. Suddenly he dashes on ahead. I do my best to keep up with him. Finally, he comes back with some creature, a mess of fur and blood to bring back.
"Is this too heavy?" he questions, but I shake my head.
"Can you speak?" Hunter wonders. I bite my lip, nodding again. He sighs with a worrisome frown wrinkling across his face. He approaches, his feverish hand brushing mine, and he takes the bag away. His green eyes flicker to me. I avert my gaze. Hunter circles around me, like he’s trying to meet my gaze, but I keep away. He sighs again, and we begin back for the castle in silence. I can't begin to describe the awkwardness or fear. Whatever game he’s pulling, trying to make me think he’s kind of nice. I am not about to fall for it.
“How may I be useful?” I wonder.
“Hmm, oh- I- you’re dismissed,” Hunter decides. I nod all too eager to getaway. I bolt for the basement, and with of all rotten luck, I trip. I yelp, going forward down the stairs. An arm secures me. My eyes blow up wide, and I draw in a sharp intake of air.
"Careful," I hear his voice in my ear. I’m lifted to my feet. I nod, breathless in his arms, him gazing into my eyes.

Hunter:
I feel our hands just lightly touch, but it was only for barely even a second. I found myself wanting that slight touch to last a bit longer. What hurts the most was the way she refuses to look at me and steps away from me. What have I done? I've been so monstrous that she's so afraid she can't even look or be near me. And not just myself, but what have we done? So, I dismiss her from my side. She needs space from me. Even if it pains me to see her bolting from the stairs. Then she trips. How can I not grab her? I can’t resist protecting her. I hold onto her in my arms. To have her warmth so close, within reach of my lips, I’m losing my mind.
"Careful,” I whisper beside her ear. I pick her up gently, careful not to hurt her. Her eyes gaze into the distant stars. Her body shakes, breathlessly stunned. Jade simply nods and disappears downstairs. I back off once more to give her space. It hurts, watching her fear me.
“Hunter, my boy,” Vincent calls.
“Yes, father?” I inquire, “What do we need to talk about now?”
“Alright,” I say, gazing around the room.
“Upstairs,” Vincent directs me. I nod, staring for an answer, but he turns for the living room. My brows furrow together. I head for the stairs, heading for Lilly’s room, pausing at my bedroom.
"Lilly?" I start.
"Hunter, come in, my little Hunter on the prowl," she calls from the edge of my bed. Her clothes lie folded on my dresser on the other side of the room.
"Come here," she whines, gesturing for me.
"Um... I-... I-,” I stutter like an idiot. She crawls off the bed to greet me. I press my back to the door. I avert my eyes. Her lips trace down my neck to my shoulder as she leans into me. A delicate hand trails up my arm to my chest. I can’t do this.
"Lilly," I complain, and she whines at me.
"I really don't feel comfortable with this," I begin.
"Then let’s lay down," Lilly breathes, trying to pull me toward the bed, but I won’t budge.
"I don't feel well, please, not now," I beg. The room is sweltering, reeking of too many strong, scented candles
"Don’t do this to me," Lilly pleads, "I'm your mate, I've been waiting so long," she exaggerates. Irritation starts to bubble up.
"I can't do this," I push her off, “I need air,” I whisper, and I leave her where she stands. I start for the kitchen for a fresh glass of water. I grab a pitcher and fill it straight from the water jar and begin to chug. Someone enters the kitchen. I don’t need to find his scent to know it’s my father. Everyone knows those heavy footsteps.
"Well that was quick,” Vincent comments, “You two make a fine pair,”
"Yeah... right,” I agree, forcing a nervous chuckle.
"So, I take it Lilly's happy?" Eladia questions, “Her happiness will win us favor with the Brooks,” she adds.
"Yeah, very happy. We c-c-couldn't b-be happier,” I stammer. My nerves, I’m losing my composure.
"Hunter, son. What's wrong. You look like you’re going to be ill," father starts, coming to my side. I feel his hand land on my shoulder.
"Do-don't touch me,” I snap without meaning to. I take in a deep breath, but the fever is rising.
"Tell me, son, what is the matter with you. I would think you'd be in a better mood after you two bonded,” Vincent starts, confusion crossing his face.
“Vincent? Hunter- Hunter, what’s the matter?” Eladia comes in, hearing the commotion, “Where’s Lilly?”
"She is not my mate. My wolf rejects her,” I declare.
"You've been trying to force her on me, but she's not my true mate," I start, “Jade is. My wolf, I want Jade,” I admit. Oh, I’ve done it now. There’s no going back. I take off from the room, heading outside for the yard. The door opens again. Now, who is it? Eric or Lilly.
"I knew it, my sister was not your true mate," Suzah states. I stopped walking, my heart pounding. I feel someone’s hand on my shoulder.
"It’s me," Suzah suggests.
“I beg your pardon?” I scoff at her.
"Make me your Luna, make me the next Alpha,” Suzah begs.
“Piss off, all you want is dominance,” I sneer, “You want to be alpha, challenge your sister, but I want nothing to do with you,”
“So maybe I’ll tell her?” Suzah suggests.
“You will do no such thing,” I snap at her.
"Oh, and give me a reason why I should hold my tongue," she shoots.
“Because you will remember your place and stay out of our affairs,” I snarl at her.
"You can't keep secrets for long. So, enjoy your safe little fantasy, little Hunter, but soon the truth will spill, and your world will come crumbling down," Suzah warns. I turn my back on her leaving her laughing to haunt me.
Chapter Thirteen
Disapproval
Jade:
My eyes blow up wide, and I pull my legs up closer to my chest. I pull back around the corner between the kitchen and the stairwell. I peer in again once more just in time to see Hunter storm off from his parents.
“Now, what are we to do?” Eladia shouts, striking the countertop with her fist. It shudders, and I jump. “The alliance with the Brooks was riding on the bonding of our heirs,”
“I know,” Vincent grumbles.
“If he continues to reject her, what will stop the Brooks from running us off our home?” Eladia worries, “And the barbarians won’t leave us alone,” she weeps, “I know you wanted to leave the village alone, but they will meet their demise no matter if the Brooks turn on us,” she reminds him.
“I know,” Vincent answers with the same toneless grumbling.
“We must burn their village. Eliminate one of our woes so that we can face them,” Eladia suggests.
“No,” Vincent states, firm and solid in his decision.
“Why now? We cannot fight two foes at once,” Eladia points out.
“I know!” Vincent snaps at her, and he bows his head apologetically, “I know…” he murmurs, “I will find a way. I will talk to Hunter. He knows what is right. He just needs a reminder,”. I hurry away from the kitchen. My breaths come fast. What did he call me? What am I? His mate? Why would his wolf pick me? What does that mean for his wolf to pick me? I shudder at the thought of this- this madness. I cover my face, stifling a cry with the back of my fist. Supposedly I am to be his, but no way would I ever be his lover. The thought isn’t only repulsive, it is freighting. I picture his rage and anger. Never could I trust him, ever!

Hunter:
"Hunter?" I hear my father outside my bedroom door. Well, this can’t be good. I glance at the window, contemplating just taking off. I could run far away, miles away, but I’ll never escape what the heart of my wolf desires.
"Hunter!" I hear him snap, his voice gruff and thick with authority.
"What?" I call, and he lets himself in. I should have feigned to be asleep.
"Just what stunt were you trying to pull?" he demands.
"What do you mean, a stunt?" I ask without a tone.
"That stunt, claiming a mere human to be your mate?” Vincent inquires, searching my face, but I refuse to even glance his way, “Is that what you want, to be mated to a human?" my father continues badgering me, but I haven’t any idea what to say. How should I say it? That I’m drawn to a human? That I’m drawn someone who’s kind we have enslaved, that we slaughter, that have hunted us in the old day? Yet for some reason, my wolf sees, smells feels that something special about her! "Is it?" Vincent continues.
"I don't know. All I know is when I look at Jade…” I start. My hand over my chest where I feel most deeply. Where I feel the pain when she cowers from me when she won’t look at me, and when she’s near me but out of reach. “When I look at her…” I keep muttering to myself. My father's face drops, realizing what I'm trying to tell him.
"No," my father growl angrily, "A human can't be your mate. That's impossible. My sons’ mate isn't some- disgusting human. A mere peasant," Vincent growls.
“And what of it?” I fire back ignorantly.
“So what? You know history! Humans are humans. We are wolves,” he shoots back, "Humans have hunted wolves since the early times. We've lost loved ones, our children, and friends to their blades and traps," Vincent rants on, repeating stories I've heard since I could remember, "Oh, you've had it good. You never had to live on the run in fear of the humans," he reminds me yet again.
“Half of us is human, too,” I remind him. He scoffs, leaping to his feet he grunts with frustration.
"Right now, Lilly's out in the village with Suzah. You will figure out how to settle this. You are my beta. You are to be the next alpha of this pack with Lilly so that we may merge with the Brook pack,” Vincent reminds me.
"You know it doesn't work like that," I scoff at him, "You know damn well we don't pick our mates," I laugh at him, "I can quit a job,” I sneer, “I can’t be Lilly's mate, I just can’t,” I state.
“You know what you must do. If we are to hold onto our territory, we must merge the packs,” Vincent goes on, “The barbarians continue to slaughter our sub packs and run us off. The Brook’s will see our weakness and run us off for good,” he goes on. I sit up, rocking forward, I press my folded hands against my forehead.
“Isn’t there another way?” I beg, "You had it easy when your parents set you up with mother. Your wolves accepted each other," I point out.
"I don’t care. You are my son, the future of the Lakefall’s. You shall, no matter under any circumstance, become the mate of a human. It must be the heir of the Brook pack," he denies my request, and then he leaves. “Oh, and your mother wants to talk to you,”

Jade:
Eladia laughs, her hands folded behind her back, her chin held high.
"You were right around the corner. You overheard, didn’t you?” Eladia states as a matter of fact, “You heard my son declare you as his pathetic mate,”
“I-I-I,” I stammer, but she glares at me with a look of warning, “Don’t lie to me,” it says.
"Tell me, do you love him?" she questions.
"No, ma’am,” I answer, most honest.
"Really now,” Eladia inquires again, her eyes narrowing. She approaches, so I drop my gaze to the floor. I can feel her eyes, burning two holes into me.
"No, Misses Lakefall. I feel nothing towards him,” I answer again. I feel not love, but burning hate. I hate how he stares at me. I hate how he towers over me. And I hate how he makes me shake with fear, afraid for my life. Suddenly Eladia slammed me against the wall, her hand around my neck.
"Listen to your pitiful human. I want you to stay away from my son. Your nothing but a human. “Humans for years have done nothing but slaughter us, judge us, and even enslave,” she recalls, smirking at me now, “Just look at your kind now, the tables have turned, and now you’re a lowly pitiful servant,” Eladia sneers. I risk a glimpse of her eyes, burning golden amber, “I can't think of a reason why I shouldn't kill you here and now. Might my pity save you from my hand, tearing you apart," she snarls at me.
"Thank you," I whisper. A hard slap to the face me fills me with regret. Perhaps I should have held my tongue. Eladia puts me up against the wall.
"Remember your place, and if you ever try to get close to Hunter, you'll only find yourself in pieces. He's to be the alpha of this pack. Not the mate of some despicable human," Eladia threatens. She lets me go, and I just about collapse to the ground. As soon as she leaves, Edmund and Chery rush to my side.
"Are you okay?" Chery blurts out.
"I'm fine, let’s just put dinner together,” I say, “Really, I’m fine,” I assure them. The two look to each other and start discussing dinner, but I keep silent.
Hunter:
My mother saunters out of the kitchen, her smug face smirking. I glance into the kitchen. Jade stands frozen, stunned as Chery and Edmund rush to her side. Eladia glances my way and continues on her way. This was her way of lecturing me, too. She wanted me to see her threatening Jade, reminding me what they could do to her. I put my head against the wall, feeling the rough stone scape against my skin. The more I want her, the more my parents threaten her, and the more our lives are threatened. But if I leave her be, life continues on. Protect her Hunter, I must protect her. My fist slides over my heart. I nod my head, confirming my decision. I must leave her alone, that will keep her safe.
Chapter Fourteen
Bonds
I yawn, stretch, and smoothen out the covers of my cot. Today, I find a fresh pale blue tunic sitting between the bars of my cell. I welcome clean fabric against my skin, fitting for the chilly day. I join Chery to make breakfast before I start for the chore board for the day.
“Miss Jade,” I hear my name on his lips. I feel my heart pounding, and my blood runs cold. I turn, my eyes on the floor.
“Yes, sir?”
“I’d like you to come with while I hunt. Bring the leather bag,” Hunter decides. I follow along with him, leaving the house behind us as we head out into the woods. Hunter rolls his neck, joins popping. He flexes his fingers out, claws lengthening as he wiggles his fingers. I watch him, as the wolves do before a hunt, lift their noses, and taste the air. I can’t imagine all the different scents they must be able to distinguish. He sets forward, looking determined but distracted.
“How’s your ankle?” Hunter asks.
“Hm?” I blurt out. He’s talking to me? Why is Hunter troubling himself with me?
“I’m just wondering how your ankle was. It seemed to be bothering you the other day,” Hunter explains.
“Better,” I mumble.
“Good, that’s good,” Hunter sighs as if relieved. What does he care about? I am but a human, a pitiful human. I keep my distance from him. Suddenly he dashes on ahead. I do my best to keep up with him. The young alpha is quite fast and agile. I watch him disappear on ahead. The crunching of branches and some critter squeak guides me to him. Finally, he comes back with some creature, a mess of fur and blood to bring back in the bag.
“Is this too heavy?” he questions, but I shake my head.
“Can you speak?” Hunter chuckles, offering me a smile like he’s trying to be friendly. I bite my lip, nodding again. Hunter sighs with a worrisome frown wrinkling across his face. He approaches, his feverish hand brushing mine, and he takes the bag away. His green eyes flicker to me. I avert my gaze. Hunter circles around me, like he’s trying to meet my gaze, but I keep away.
“Hey, look, I’m not going to hurt you. I promise you, I really won’t hurt you,” Hunter begins, sounding most sincere; it’s almost believable. He runs a hand back through his thick brown hair, averting his eyes, “I was just hoping that maybe... you and I could talk?” he questions. What the hell is there for us to talk about?
“Did I do something wrong?” I murmur after some silence.
“N-no!” Hunter stammers, ears going red. Oh, this is most awkward. “You’ve been at the castle for quite some time now, and I hardly know you,” Hunter explains, now completely unable to look at me. I can’t begin to describe the embarrassment of watching him trying to make polite conversation. Whatever game he’s pulling, trying to make me think he’s nice and honest, I am not about to fall for it. However, what choice do I have other than to play along?
“What’s there to know?” I ask him.
“What was your home like?” he asks. Easy question.
“Home?” I begin, thinking back the little shack I called home, a sorry excuse for a home. “I lived out in the country with five older siblings. I ran away from home when I was fourteen,” I tell him.
“Really?” Hunter blurts out, “That must be quite the story,” he encourages me to keep going.
“I suppose. I made it to the city, picked up small little jobs here and there,” I tell him, “It wasn’t much, but it kept food in my stomach,” I add.
“Why’d you run away?” Hunter inquires.
“There wasn’t much food at home, and being the youngest, I wasn’t a priority,” I explain, “I stole and bargained here and there. I was pretty good at it,” shaking my head at my memories. Some of them shouldn’t be funny, but looking back, it makes me smile. Oh, how I could run with my little bare feet down the dirt roads. “It was quite a different life,” I add. Hunter moves closer, now by my side, listening with true interest as I talk.
“How did you come to live with the barbarians?” Hunter wonders, “The rebel human village?”
“They attacked the village,” I explain, and he raises a curious brow. At last, the house is finally in sight.
“Is there anything else I may help with here?” I wonder.
“Oh, uh, I know, can you uh-,” Hunter stalls, thinking hard about something for me to do, “Just take this to the kitchen so it can be washed up,” he decides and follows me in for the kitchen. “Well, I hope you’re getting enough to eat here,” Hunter comments. Honestly, that’s probably the one good thing here is that they put out plenty of food for everyone.
“Thank you,” I blurt out. Hunter offers me a faint smile, his eyes gleaming on me. Under his smoldering gaze, I feel myself blushing. Goodness, why is he looking at me like this?
“Hmm, oh- I- you’re dismissed,” Hunter decides. I nod all too eager to get away from Hunter. I bolt for the basement, and with of all rotten luck, I trip. I yelp, going forward down the stairs. An arm secures me. I’m stunned, my breath shaking and eyes blowing up wide.
“Careful,” I hear his voice in my ear. I’m lifted to my feet. I nod, breathless in his arms, him gazing into my eyes.

Hunter:
I feel our hands just lightly touch, but it was only for barely even a second. I found myself wanting that slight touch to last a bit longer. What hurts the most was the way she refuses to look at me and steps away from me. What have I done? I’ve been so monstrous that she’s so afraid she can’t even look or be near me. And not just myself, but what have we done? So, I dismiss her from my side. She needs space from me. Even if it pains me to see her bolting from the stairs when she trips. How can I not grab her, I can’t resist protecting her? I hold onto her in my arms. To have her warmth so close, within reach of my lips, I’m losing my mind.
“Careful,” I whisper beside her ear. I pick her up gently, careful not to hurt her. Her eyes gaze into the distant stars. Her body shakes, breathlessly stunned. Jade simply nods and disappears downstairs. I back off once more to give her space. It hurts, watching her fear me.
“Hunter, my boy,” Vincent calls.
“Yes, father?” I inquire, “What do we need to talk about now?”
“Alright,” I say, gazing around the room.
“Upstairs,” Vincent directs me. I nod, staring for an answer, but he turns for the living room. My brows furrow together. I turn for the stairs, heading for Lilly’s room, pausing at my bedroom.
“Lilly?” I start.
“Hunter, come in, my little Hunter on the prowl,” she calls from the edge of my bed. Her clothes lie folded on my dresser on the other side of the room.
“Come here,” she whines, gesturing for me.
“Um... I-... I-,” I stutter like an idiot. She crawls off the bed to greet me. I press my back to the door. I avert my eyes. Her lips trace down my neck to my shoulder as she leans into me. A delicate hand trails up my arm to my chest. I can’t do this.
“Lilly,” I complain, and she whines at me.
“I really don’t feel comfortable with this,” I begin.
“Then let’s lay down,” Lilly breathes, trying to pull me toward the bed, but I won’t budge.
“I don’t feel well, please, not now,” I beg. I feel sweat bead on my brow from the heat of the room heated by the candles. The room is sweltering, reeking of too many scented candles.
“Don’t do this to me,” Lilly pleads, “I’m your mate, I’ve been waiting so long,” she exaggerates. Irritation starts to bubble up.
“I can’t do this,” I push her off, “I need air,” I whisper, and I leave her where she stands. I start for the kitchen for a fresh glass of water. I grab a pitcher and fill it straight from the water jar and start to chug. Someone enters the kitchen. I don’t need to find his scent to know it’s my father. Everyone knows those heavy footsteps.
“Well that was quick,” Vincent comments, “You two make a fine pair,”
“Yeah... right,” I agree, forcing a nervous chuckle.
“So, I take it Lilly’s happy?” Eladia questions, “Her happiness will win us favor with the Brooks,” she adds.
“Yeah, very happy. We c-c-couldn’t b-be happier,” I stammer. My nerves, I’m losing my composure.
“Hunter, son. What’s wrong. You look like you’re going to be ill,” father starts, coming to my side. I feel his hand land on my shoulder.
“Do-don’t touch me,” I snap without meaning to. I take in a deep breath, but the fever is rising.
“Tell me, son, what is the matter with you. I would think you’d be in a better mood after you two bonded,” Vincent starts, confusion crossing his face.
“Vincent? Hunter- Hunter, what’s the matter?” Eladia comes in, hearing the commotion, “Where’s Lilly?”
“She is not my mate. My wolf rejects her,” I declare.
“You’ve been trying to force her on me, but she’s not my true mate,” I start, “Jade is. My wolf, I want Jade,” I admit. Oh, I’ve done it now. There’s no going back. I take off from the room, heading outside for the yard. The door opens again. Now, who is it? Eric or Lilly.
“I knew it, my sister was not your true mate,” Suzah states. I stopped walking, my heart pounding. I feel someone’s hand on my shoulder.
“It’s me,” Suzah suggests.
“I beg your pardon?” I scoff at her.
“Make me your Luna, make me the next Alpha,” Suzah begs.
“Piss off, all you want is dominance,” I sneer, “You want to be alpha, challenge your sister, but I want nothing to do with you,”
“So maybe I’ll tell her?” Suzah suggests.
“You will do no such thing,” I snap at her.
“Oh, and give me a reason why I should hold my tongue,” she shoots. I gripped the front of her shirt, and slam her back against the nearest wall.
“Because you will remember your place and stay out of our affairs,” I snarl at her.
“You can’t keep secrets for long. So enjoy your safe little fantasy, little Hunter, but soon the truth will spill, and your world will come crumbling down,” Suzah warns. I turn my back on her leaving her laughing to haunt me.
Chapter Fifteen
Exposed
Jade:
My eyes blow up wide, and I pull my legs up closer to my chest. I pull back around the corner between the kitchen and the stairwell. I peer in again once more just in time to see Hunter storm off from his parents.
“Now, what are we to do?” Eladia shouts, striking the countertop with her fist. It shudders, and I jump. “The alliance with the Brooks was riding on the bonding of our heirs,”
“I know,” Vincent grumbles.
“If he continues to reject her, what will stop the Brooks from running us off our home?” Eladia worries, “And the barbarians won’t leave us alone,” she weeps, “I know you wanted to leave the village alone, but they will meet their demise no matter if the Brooks turn on us,” she reminds him.
“I know,” Vincent answers with the same toneless grumbling.
“We must burn their village. Eliminate one of our woes so that we can face them,”
“No,” Vincent states, firm on his decision.
“Why now? We cannot fight two foes at once,” Eladia points out.
“I know!” Vincent snap at her, and he bows his head, apologetically, “I know…” he murmurs, “I will find a way. I will talk to Hunter. He knows what is right. He just needs a reminder,”. I hurry away from the kitchen. My breaths come fast. What did he call me? What am I? His mate? Why would his wolf pick me? What does that mean for his wolf to pick me? I shudder at the thought of this- this madness. I cover my face, stifling a cry with the back of my fist. Supposedly I am to be his, but no way would I ever be his lover. The thought isn’t only repulsive, it is freighting. I picture his rage and anger. Never could I trust him, ever!

Hunter:
"Hunter?" I hear my father outside my bedroom door. Well, this can’t be good. I glance at the window, contemplating just taking off. I could run far away, miles away, but I’ll never escape what the heart of my wolf desires.
"Hunter!" I hear him snap, his voice gruff and thick with authority.
"What?" I call, and he lets himself in. I should have feigned to be asleep.
"Just what stunt were you trying to pull?" he demands.
"What do you mean, a stunt?" I ask without a tone.
"That stunt, claiming a mere human to be your mate?” Vincent inquires, searching my face, but I refuse to even glance his way, “Is that what you want, to be mated to a human?" my father continues badgering me, but I haven’t any idea what to say. How should I say it? That I’m drawn to a human? That I’m drawn someone who’s kind we have enslaved, that we slaughter, that have hunted us in the old day? Yet for some reason, my wolf sees, smells feels that somethings special about her!
"Is it?" Vincent continues.
"I don't know. All I know is when I look at Jade…” I start my hand over my chest, where I feel most deeply. Where I feel the pain when she cowers from me when she won’t look at me, and when she’s near me but out of reach. “When I look at her…” I keep muttering.
"No," my father growl angrily, "A human can't be your mate. That's impossible. My sons’ mate isn't some- disgusting human. A mere peasant," Vincent growls.
“And what of it?” I fire back ignorantly.
“So what? You know history! Humans are humans. We are wolves,” he shoots back.
“Half of us is human, too,” I remind him. He scoffs, leaping to his feet he grunts with frustration.
"Right now, Lilly's out in the village with Suzah. You will figure out how to settle this. You are my beta. You are to be the next alpha of this pack with Lilly so that we may merge with Brook’s pack,” Vincent reminds me.
"I can quit a job,” I sneer, “I can’t be her mate, I just can’t,” I state.
“You know what you must do. If we are to hold onto our territory, we must merge the packs,” Vincent goes on, “The barbarians continue to slaughter our sub packs and run us off. The Brook’s will see our weakness and run us off for good,” he goes on. I sit up, rocking forward, I press my folded hands against my forehead.
“Isn’t there another way?” I beg, "You had it easy when your parents set you up with mother. Your wolves accepted each other," I point out.
"I don’t care. You are my son, the future of the Lakefall’s. You shall, no matter under any circumstance, become the mate of a human. It must be the heir of the Brook pack," he denies my request, and then he leaves. “Oh, and your mother wanted to talk to you,”

Jade:
Eladia laughs, her hands folded behind her back, her chin held high.
"You were right around the corner. You overheard, didn’t you?” Eladia states as a matter of fact, “You heard my son declare you as his pathetic mate,”
“I-I-I,” I stammer, but she glares at me with a look of warning, “Don’t lie to me,” it says.
"Tell me, do you love him?" she questions.
"No, ma’am,” I answer, most honest.
"Really now,” Eladia inquires again, her eyes narrowing. She approaches, so I drop my gaze to the floor. I can feel her eyes, burning two holes into me.
"No, Misses Lakefall. I feel nothing towards him,” I answer again. I feel not love, but burning hate. I hate how he stares at me. I hate how he towers over me. And I hate how he makes me shake with fear, afraid for my life. Suddenly Eladia slammed me against the wall, her hand around my neck.
"Listen, you pitiful human. I want you to stay away from my son,” Eladia reminds me, “Humans for years have done nothing but slaughter us, judge us, and even enslave,” she recalls, “How the tables have turned. Now you’re a lowly pitiful servant,” Eladia sneers. I risk a glimpse of her eyes, burning golden amber, “I can't think of a reason why I shouldn't kill you here and now. Might my pity save you from my hand, tearing you apart," she snarls at me.
"Thank you," I whisper. A hard slap to the face me fills me with regret. Perhaps I should have held my tongue. Eladia presses me against the wall.
"Remember your place, and if you ever try to get close to Hunter, you'll only find yourself in pieces. He's to be the alpha of this pack. Not the mate of some despicable human," Eladia threatens. She lets me go, and I just about collapse to the ground. As soon as she leaves, Edmund and Chery rush to my side.
"Are you okay?" Chery blurts out.
"I'm fine, let’s just put dinner together,” I say, “Really, I’m fine,” I assure them. The two look to each other and start discussing dinner, but I keep silent.
Hunter:
My mother saunters out of the kitchen, her smug face smirking. I glance into the kitchen. Jade stands frozen, stunned as Chery and Edmund rush to her side. Eladia glances my way and continues on her way. This was her way of lecturing me, too. She wanted me to see her threatening Jade, reminding me what they could do to her. I put my head against the wall, feeling the rough stone scape against my skin. The more I want her, the more my parents threaten her, and the more our lives are threatened. But if I leave her be, life continues on. Protect her Hunter, I must protect her. My fist slides over my heart. I nod my head, confirming my decision. I must leave her alone, that will keep her safe.
Chapter Sixteen
Annoyance
Jade:
I wake up early in the morning. I stand up, stretch, dress, and head upstairs. Chery and Edmund were on kitchen duty, I’m to clean the upstairs. I straighten beds, bookshelves, the jars of soap in the bathroom. My back is beginning to hurt, but it’s nothing for me to care about. I walk out of one of the bathrooms, leaving it spotless when I realize there was someone behind me. I look back, further down the hallway were two figures. The figures stand close to each other; lips pressed against the others. One of them notices me and pulls away from the other.
“Hunter, please,” I heard a voice, it was Lilly’s. Hunter pulls away and begins walking down the hallway towards the stairs. He passed by me without a word or sound, and his head was held so low that his dark brown hair covered his eyes. He disappeared down the stairs. I stand motionless someone throws me back faster than I can blink.
“What the hell?” Lilly growls. I don’t dare say a word, let alone breathe. My silence is rewarded with a slap to the face. Lilly stares at me, searching my face for something. What, I don’t understand.
“Why is it he acts so weird around you? What is it about you?” Lilly demands to know.
“I don’t know,” I whisper, and she slaps me across the face again. The impact stings, burning in my cheeks.
“Jade!” I hear a voice cry. A child’s footsteps are running this way.
“Morgan, go back to your room,” I call out to her. She stops, looking between the two of us and knowing someone’s wrong. She backs off, about to run back to her room as I ask.
“I don’t think so,” Lilly decides. Dragging me behind her, she grabs Morgan.
“Let me go” Morgan pleads
“Let her go!” I demand.
“So daunting, to tell me what to do?” Lilly sneers, “You stay away from us wolves, that includes Hunter,” she warns me.
“Ye don’t care, just let her go!” I demand. Lilly’s face twitches, briefly flashing her disgust in my sudden authority. The moment she lets Morgan go free, and the child takes off running.
“You stay away from Hunter,” Lilly demands again. I nod eagerly. I wouldn’t want to be around him anyway, so why does she see me so threateningly. Lilly warns me before storming off. I hold still, not daring to move, for a few seconds more, listening to the silence around myself before I pick myself up. I start for the stairs first, but there’s Lilly and with Morgan, too.
“Call Morgan down, I decided we’re going hunting,” Lilly tells her. There’s no other way to reach my quarters but heading down these stairs. So, I suck it up and begin with the silent prayer that if I stay quiet, they’ll ignore me. I would prefer they ignore me then give me any notice and trouble. It’s at the bottom that Hunter steps into the scene, and he notices me immediately. I freeze like a mouse, damning my decision to get up now and not a few seconds earlier or later. Oh, and he stares at me.
“Where are you going, Lilly?” Hunter asks. Lilly stops to respond, “Hunting, why is something wrong?” Lilly asks, blinking at me.
“No, nothing’s wrong. How about you come with,” Hunter suggests. I retreat a step back.
“No, listen, you said it yourself; you need a little space. So, let’s take this opportunity to have a little space between you and me,” Lilly states, and she looks dead at me, “You, come along now,” she orders. Damn it.

Hunter:
I leave Lilly to go on her hunting trip almost so happy. Yes, I feel warry about Morgan and Jade going with her, but it was only a simple hunting trip and nothing more. Still, I feel worried, especially for Jade’s sake. ‘I’m just to warry. This must be because she’s my mate,’ I thought. I took a deep breath, rolled my shoulders back, and feel my muscles slowly begin to relax. Dinner would be served in a few hours. I entered the living room; Chase and Eric were there.
“Good afternoon Hunter,” Chase says. I took a seat on the couch,
“good afternoon,” I reply.
“Hunter, wouldn’t you agree with me that Eric is a wimp?” Chase asks.
“Am not, Chase, you’ve always been a real wimp. I mean, look at you,” Eric says and playfully punches Chase in the shoulder.
“Knock it off you two, I’m siding with Chase,” I decide. Eric begins to pout.
“I might agree, that’s quite right,” Eric mocks Chase’s speech, sounding like one of the humans in the wealthy region of the village.
“Jealous, you both wish you both spoke as properly as I,” Chase fires back, his head held high, but Eric and I are still muffling our laughter. I heard Suzah call us in for dinner. We hurried in to sit at the dinner table. I saw outside through the windows that it was beginning to snow already. Chery walks in, carrying a tray of roasted deer. The smell of it makes my mouth water. There’s another scent calling to me when Jade walks, but she looks.... broken. Her skin seems paler, and her brown eyes have lost their vibrance.
“Excellent work Miss Jade. I must say you’ve become quite a good servant,” Eladia comments Jade looks up once, before looking back down at her own two feet again. She doesn’t utter a single word, not a sound, just pure silence.
“Well, mother, I must say though she seems quite plain, a bit too ordinary,” I speak up.
“Well, of course, son, she’s only human. In-face all humans should be as obedient and as ordinary as Miss Jade is demonstrating,” Vincent says.
“You really think so, Father?” I ask.
“Well yes, of course,” he says. I begin to eat as well, but I can’t enjoy the food like everyone else was. I feel... shame, sadness, but I shouldn’t be. Jade’s a human, she’s our servant. I shouldn’t have any feelings of any kind for Jade. Be happy, just be okay. You have an alpha female that wants to be your mate, a loving and loyal family, and useful servants. Perhaps, my decision to ignore her and try to go on was a bad idea. Maybe if I talk to her, I can fix this.

Jade:
I head for the stairs when he approaches me.
“Jade,” Hunter calls No one, but us two in the corridor. I made the mistake of taking another hallway, and it is a less-used hallway. Fear courses through every inch of my being. I turn to face him, but I can’t bring my eyes to his.
“Jade, pl-please don’t be a-afraid of me,” he starts stuttering, “Please don’t fear me,” he repeats himself. He takes a step towards me, and I took a step back.
“I’m not going to hurt you; I’m done hurting you. I don’t want to hurt you, so please don’t fear me. It hurts me, hurting you,” Hunter pleads with. He began walking towards me, but I backed up until my back touched the cold stone wall.
“You said your wolf picked me,” I begin, “What does that mean,” I demand to know. He just stares, mouth hanging open ajar, and his ears turning red. “I don’t understand what you wolves mean by ‘your wolf’ this and that. You speak like it is a separate part,” I explain.
“Something like that. It’s a part of us, but also a separate part. It’s more primitive, animal, wolf. It crowds in on our sense of logic and reasoning,” Hunter explains, “and it- I- I want you,” Hunter says, his voice fading. Hunter stops a few feet away. My body trembles, and I desperately want to run. Hunter again steps towards me. He brings up his hand and brushes a few stray hairs out of my face. I tremble with fear and recoils away when his hand came down on my shoulder. I risk looking up at his face. I notice his usually green eyes were now golden yellow, ears pointier, and hair becoming thicker. His eyes widen, and he draws in a sharp intake of air. These are Hunter’s eyes, yet also not his eyes. The warm, soft hands are not of Hunter’s conscious, but of the unconscious, usually hidden and shy. Hunter gently began to pull me towards him. Hunter doesn’t speak as he tries to pull me towards him. My heart is beating so fast it feels as though it might burst. A small whimper escapes my mouth. Hunter draws in a sharp intake of air, his eyes widen, and turn green again. He blinks rapidly and releases me finally. Hunter backs off.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I,” he stammers before leaving me in the hallway. He disappears up the stairs. Rather than going downstairs to my cell, I run the opposite direction. I run out of the castle, ignoring the snow and run away from it all.

Chapter Seventeen
Run
Hunter:
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid! YOU STUPID IDIOT!’ I scold myself mentally without end. I lost control of my inner wolf and scared her. I groan in frustration. Nothing is right, trying to talk to her was an even dumber idea. ‘She hates me, she hates me, she hates me,’ I note these three big words. She hates me. There’s a tap at the door, and then again.
“Hunt-a?” I hear a small voice call for me. My ears twitch at the familiar name. I drag myself out of bed and open the door for the small child with her neck craned up to see me.
“Hunt-a, where mommy-Jade?” Morgan questions. I frown,
“Probably in her cell, she’s in the basement,” I tell the small girl. ‘What an odd name for Jade, Mommy-Jade,’ I thought with interest. Morgan shook her head.
“She not there, I don’t smell her scent. Mommy-Jade is not there, Mommy-Jade not there,” Morgan begins to whine.
“Okay, then where would she have gone,” I inquire and kneel down to pat Morgan’s head.
“She’s probably in the kitchen, or helping out Mother and father, or-” I began to suggest when Morgan cut me off.
“No, no, no, no. Mommy-Jade gone, gone, gone,” Morgan rambles on, “She gone, gone, gone. She left the castle,” Morgan tells me. I gasped again at this info, and my nose twitched. Morgan was right, Jade’s scent wasn’t normal. It was faded, very faded, meaning she really did run away.
“I’ll find Jade, go back to bed,” I tell Morgan. I ruffled up her hair, and she giggled before running back to bed. I walk down the hall and down the stairs when I run into Vincent.
“Where are you going in such a rush?” my father asks.
“Outside, I want to feel the snow in my fur,” I lie carefully. My father pats me on the back and lets me pass. I couldn’t have been more relieved when I step outside. I cold snow is nothing to me, but would it bother Jade? I look back at the castle, no one at the windows, so I stripped off my clothes and shifted into a large furry black wolf. My brown hair turning into denser and darker fur. I took off running into the forest, carrying my bundle of clothes in my muzzle, trying to find Jade’s scent in the cold air that stung my nose. My pace slowed, and I pant harder, but I didn’t stop moving. I paw at my nose, which stings from the coldness. I can’t catch any scents. I shook off the snow that had accumulated on my back, though it would pile up again. Snow fell heavily from the clouds above. I start walking, although, perhaps, I’m walking in circles.
After walking in circles for some time, I feel hopeless. Perhaps Jade’s been buried, or something else had gotten her. Then my paw steps, I notice, began to fall in line with a trail that had appeared. The trail was slowly being covered by snow, but it was present. It was Jade’s footprints, and they made me begin to run again. There was a lump of snow, no something beneath it. I sniffed the odd lump in the snow. I sniff it but quickly turn away from it. It was only an old carcass of a deer. I steered away and continued on the trail until I came across something different. A figure in the snow, barely visible and partially covered by a light dusting of snow. I sniff the figure, it was Jade. I shift partially, covering my dense body fur. I kneel down and begin to nudge Jade. A small whimper escapes her mouth, she is still breathing. I tried to pick her up, but she swings her hand at me, blindly trying to push me away.
“Jade, please don’t, please don’t fight,” I murmur. Her eyes flutter. I feel Jade shiver against me, and to my surprise, she even pushes herself closer towards me for warmth. I brush snow out of her hair and face. She closes her eyes as she shivers. I head for home, but it’s hard to see and the cold air stings.
“Damn it,” I mutter. It was obvious we’ll be going to be stuck out here, and the only way to keep her from dying of frost-bit is to take shelter.

Jade:
I wake up and feel something furry beside me. It feels warm, and something I hadn’t feel in a while. I feel safe most of all in this warm embrace. A brief image in my mind reminded me of what happened last night. I remember becoming so afraid I run away from the castle and then falling in the snow. Then I remember being saved, but I wasn’t sure by who or what had saved me. I blink and rub my eyes, my vision coming into focus now. I was in some kind of snow cave next to a large black wolf. My hand lightly touched its fur, and I feel very afraid to be by a large wolf, but by a simple light touch, I just somehow knew it was Hunter. ‘Hunter saved me,’ I thought. ‘Did he really value me as someone important? Or was I just a valuable slave? I wondered. His eyes fluttered open, revealing his bright green eyes. He lifted his head and look directly at me. He came closer, but I recoil away from him. Hunter stands up, stretched, and his wolf body becomes more human.
“Are you alright? It was awfully cold outside,” Hunter says. Unable to find any words, I nodded in response. He broke the roof of the snow cave allowing sunlight to pour in.
“We should go, when we reach the castle, I want you to enter through the back door and go downstairs through the back stairwell,” Hunter tells me. A small gasp of surprise escapes my mouth when he suddenly picked me up. I wouldn’t have allowed him to if I had known he was going to, though. I was already in his arms being carried back bridal style, so I didn’t fight, but I almost found that I didn’t want to fight. ‘Have I lost my mind? He- he’s dangerous, yet I find myself not fully believing that’ I thought. In no time, we reached the castle, and I did as tell. I lay down on my cot until much later when Edmund calls me, saying he needs help to fix lunch while Chery is cleaning a room.
“Soup and sandwiches, I guess,” Edmund says.
“Very good, Miss Jade,” Eladia comments. I don’t say a word to her or anyone. I set down a bowl of soup for Hunter and found that my eyes drift up to meet his eyes. Our gaze, eye to eye, lasted for a few seconds. I frown and let my eyes drop back down to my feet. What was I doing? Had I lost my ever-loving mind? I can’t forget my place here; I can’t be disrespectful. I know that, but still, my gaze lingers on Hunter when around. After serving everyone at the dinner table, I hurry back to the kitchen with a now empty plate.
“Are you okay, you seem a bit pale?” Edmund asks.
“Where’s Chery?” I ask him.
“Sick in her cot,” Edmund tells me. He stands by a pot of the soup that had been just served, “I’m going to make her a bowl of soup, would you like some?” he offers. I shake my head,
“I have chores to do, for now, see you later, Edmund,” I answer. He disappears down the back stairwell with a bowl of soup. I wait a few minutes when I hear Chase call for me. I clear off the table for them and find Hunter in the kitchen when I return.
“Thank you, Miss Jade,” Hunter says. Again, my eyes drift up to his eyes, but I quickly left the dining room before he or anyone could notice. ‘I feel like I’m going insane, I feel this.... this pulls towards Hunter. Is it really because we suppose mates?’ I wonder. I close my eyes tightly, ‘No, no, no, no, no that’s impossible. He’s a werewolf, and they’re supposed to be evil. No, no, no,’ I mentally scolded myself. I nervously enter the living room and begin to pick up. The family is in the family room, and I can hear the fire in the fireplace crackle. I pick up the living room, my chore for some time. I’m not sure of the date, Mr. and Mrs. Lakefall are hosting a Christmas party for the entire Lakefall pack as well as the Brook pack, and the Schaedler pack. Meaning Suzah and Lilly’s pack will be here, as well as Chase and Eric’s pack. Hunter’s family here is just one part of a pack, but there are side families as well. There will be a lot of people here. I hear the sudden crack of a door being eased open, and I whirl around to see Hunter coming in. He doesn’t look my way but walks towards the bookshelf and begins to look for something. I continue on with my work, trying my hardest to keep focused on work.
“Miss Jade,” I hear him say. But he makes it so hard, when he’s so close, trying to eagerly to catch my attention. What does he want from me? Why can’t he leave me alone?
“Miss Jade,” he repeats himself. I look up this time, finding it hard to ignore him for long.
“Did something catch your eye at the table?” he questions. I shrug, trying to avert my gaze, but he keeps moving back into my line of sight. I bite my lip, butterflies flying, and my toes curling.
“No, nothing,” I state.
“Was it a handsome face?” Hunter teases.
“N-no,” I blurt out.
“Really, oh, are you sure it wasn’t this face?” he asks. I feel my face heat up with embarrassment.
“It’s okay if you can’t keep your eyes off of me,” he teases.
“I was not staring at you,” I snap, but I quickly covered my mouth. I feel Hunter place a hand on my shoulder, but I move away faster than I could think. His touch still frightened me much, yet when I feel his hand on my shoulder again, I don’t move away
“You don’t have to fear me, please don’t be afraid me,” Hunter pleads. I press my lips in a thin line and finally move away.
“Please don’t touch me,” I request before leaving the room. Don’t be afraid of Hunter? He says that too lightly.
“Ah, Miss Jade, I’d like you to come with me on a hunting trip,” I Lilly calls for me. She storms by, dragging Morgan along with her who’s clearly been crying.
“Well, hurry up, Morgan is waiting to go also,” Lilly orders. Her hand’s turning pale in Lilly’s grip. With reluctance, I did as Lilly ordered, so she wouldn’t hurt Morgan so harshly. Lilly turns to me and gives me a warm smile; her brown eyes hold a bright light.
“Let’s go,” she decides and tosses me the brown leather bag. ‘It’s just another hunting trip,’ I tell myself, but that thought couldn’t shake away the fear that made my body quake.

Hunter:
She spoke to me. It hurts inside, knowing that she still fears me, but I couldn’t honestly say she was beginning to accept me. I lie on my bed upstairs, starring at the ceiling when suddenly a loud wolfish howl hits my ears. I shoot out of bed and left my room when I hear another door open. Eric and Chase look to each other, confirming they hear it as well.
“They’re in trouble, somethings wrong,” Eric grimaces.
“They left on a hunting trip, who or what do you think could be causing a problem?” I ask.
“I don’t know, but let’s hurry,” Chase replies. Something was wrong, that howl was Lilly calling for help. Though I really didn’t care for her, she had my mate and Morgan out there, and then again, she was my best friends’ mate. I followed Eric and Chase down the hallway when I was suddenly pulled aside.
“Don’t go, please don’t leave,” Suzah begs.
“Let go of me, do you really want your sister to die?” I scoff.
“She stole everything from me. I was supposed to be the next alpha of the brook pack, you were supposed to be my mate, I was supposed to be happy, but she took everything from me,” Suzah snarls. I tear free of her grip and left her selfishly, silently sobbing in her room. Was it wrong to have made a girl cry, maybe, but she had no reason to by crying when her sister was in danger, and she was willing to let her die? Outside we quickly tossed our clothes off, shifted into wolves, well at least Chase and I could. Eric can only partially shift. I stretch, making my back pop and pain flare-up. I winced in pain but forced myself to keep up with Chase and Eric.
Just up ahead, I notice a wretched stench, then I saw them.
“Just hand over the two,” the man with the curly, dark brown hair demanded.
“No, you promise that I go free,” Lilly demands.
“I can’t do that, lassie,” he replies.
“Neither can I, you’re a werewolf. You’ll die along with the small child,” adds another man, he had blonde hair and blue eyes. He and the other man wore long, heavy leather coats.
“Leonel, Trenton, please let us go,” Jade begs.
“Can’t girly, you’re a slave your rotten little piece of shit,” sneers a couple girls,
“At least you wouldn’t be alone,” sneers one of them.
“Abbey,” Jade murmurs.
“Careful look out!” the man known as Trenton shouts. The group moves back in time to avoid getting torn to shreds by Chase, who had lunged.
“Eric, Hunter, and Chase!” Lilly calls out for us.
“Hunter, be careful, they’re barbarians,” Jade warns me.
“Be quiet, Jade, pitiful human,” Lilly snap at her. I look back and give Jade a wolfish smile. ‘At least she cares,’ I thought. We attacked the barbarians; although, we found ourselves defending ourselves more than we attacked. They had swords they’d kept beneath their leather coats. I lunge after Leonel.
“Disgusting wolf,” Leonel sneers. He brings down the long sword he wields. I dodge and lunge forward. My sharp teeth tear through his deer hide glove, causing him to drop his weapon. I lunge again, this time for a killing blow when he brought up his foot. I’m sent flying backward, my back hitting a tree.
“Hunter!” I hear Jade call. Her eyes are wide, her hands over her mouth. Sharp pain floods my body, and I feel myself slipping back to human form. I shake my head, struggling to keep in phase, and continued to attack. I force myself up just in time to jump out of Leonel’s next attack. He picks up his sword again and swung at me with it; although, his left hand bled heavily. After many swings, I feel his sword hit my shoulder. I howl in pain, it was a shallow wound, but it stung like crazy. I snarl in full outrage and lunge in. My teeth sink into his leg, and he falls backward, screaming. The taste of bitter blood met my mouth, and I sank my teeth even deeper into his leg.
“Get off of him, you foul mutt,” Tristen snaps. I see a heavy boot raise, and I’m backward.
“I wish your kind would die already!” I heard Tristen yell. I was down, but he didn’t attack me. Tristen charged towards Lilly, Morgan, and Jade. I whimper and start to struggle to my feet, but there was so much pain everywhere. Chase was busy fighting the other two girls that had come. Lilly, for some reason, wasn’t fighting, shrieked, and held her hands up in a pathetic defense.
“Don’t you touch them!” I heard Eric hell. He suddenly lunged from the side, knocking Triston down. Both were on their feet in a flash, and punches were thrown. Eric ends up being knocked backward.
Triston, Leonel now stands back to back with the two girls they’d brought beside them.
“We’ll let you go,” Leonel pants, “Consider yourselves lucky. Next time it’ll be a fight to the death, and you won’t be so lucky,” he adds. Chase starts to growl and move forward.
“Enough!” I barked out a sharp command. He didn’t need another order and didn’t continue on. We watched them disappear into the distance. I look back at Eric and Lilly, who were talking, something I haven’t seen them do in a while. There was a warm realization in Lilly’s eyes when she spoke to him. She knows now, perhaps she’ll accept him as her mate. I turn towards Jade, who is talking to the thick wavy blonde-haired girl, Abbey. Abbey sees me and moves back a few steps.
“Abbey, it’s okay. You don’t have to be afraid of him, I- I’ve learned that,” Jade tells her.
“But Jade, he’s a werewolf,” Jade’s friend protests. Jade pulls her aside and whispers a few words in her ears. Finally, Abbey steps out.
“I’m Abbey, Abbey Bogas. Jade and I know each other because we used to know each other in our village,” Abbey introduces herself.
“Nice to meet you, this is Chase,” I introduce them.
“I-I’m Chase, Chase Schaedler,” Chase introduces himself. The two began talking, and I notice a shining glimmer in Chase’s eyes. It was clear the two would find a liking towards each other. I ignore them and turn to Jade.
“Are you alright?” I ask, and I step towards her. She nods her head but doesn’t look at me.
“Not speaking again?” I ask. Jade frowns like she’s going to say something, “Cute,” I whisper before coming even closer. I can feel her breathing; we’re so close. We could kiss if we moved any closer.

Jade:
Hunter suddenly moves away and gently pushes me away. He backs off just before Vincent enters the scene.
“What’s going on, what happened?” he demands to know. His eyes linger on the blood on the ground that stains the snow. Hunter steps forward,
“We were attacked by barbarians,” Hunter answers.
“It was terrible, Mister Lakefall! They were humans trying to kidnap Morgan and me! It was awful,” Lilly sobs. Eric moves to put his arm around her, but Lilly shrugs his hand away and moves to be with Hunter. I feel something within me, odd and indescribable. Is it anger, sadness, or maybe even jealousy? I shake my head, There’s nothing to be jealous of, I’m just frightened because the barbarians attacked’. We return to the castle, and to my joy, I was to take care of Morgan, who was still shaking since the attack began. I miss the child greatly, and I hate seeing her so afraid. I fix her lunch and bring it up her up to the bed, figuring a story from her shelf would put her to sleep. Sure, enough it did, and I leave to complete my chores, cleaning the bedrooms and bathrooms.

Hunter:
I lie down in bed, unable to read a book because my mind kept wandering away. Finally, I rise and decide to go downstairs when I heard someone talking in Morgan’s room. I look in to see Jade reading to her. I love the way Jade takes care of her as if she was her mother. Jade turns around, and I quickly disappears down the hall, tiptoeing back to my room when I heard her soft voice,
“Hunter,” Jade calls to me. I didn’t face her, and I could hear her walk towards me. I feel her hand slip into my own hand. Why must she make it so hard?
“Don’t touch me, your pitiful human,” I snap at. The very words were painful, and it was killing me on the inside. Her mouth opens to speak, but I cut her short, “Don’t you talk to me, or even look at me,” I snap, my words turning into growls of fake anger.
“I- I’m sorry,” she begins muttering apologies, her stuttering returning. Behind Jade, I see Lilly slip out of her room, her eyes red and puffy. She makes a motion to me as if cutting her neck with her hand. To make myself feel worse, I raise a hand above Jade as if I were to hit her.
“Leave before I do something I may regret later,” I growl. Jade gasps and takes off running. I drop my hand, my shoulders relaxing, and tears begging to fill my eyes, but I refuse to let them fall.
“You did good, Hunter,” Lilly tells me.
“Then, why do I feel awful?” I ask her.
“Because sometimes making the right decision hurts,” she explains.
“Well, making the rightful decision hurts,” I admit. Lilly nods and puts a gentle hand on my shoulder.
“I know,” she mutters, “But sometimes we must deny ourselves the one we love to protect others,” Lilly adds. I give her a look of questioning, wondering if she’s speaking for herself or me. She pecks me on the cheek before returning to her room. Before her door shut, I hear a soft whimper escape Lilly’s mouth, like she’s about to start crying. I stand in the hallway for a second before turning around and find my father standing there.
“Father,” I gasp.
“Lilly’s right, you know,” my Vincent tells me, “you won’t be with a human. The idea should be shameful to you! I will make sure that my son will not be mated to a human,” Vincent promises before storming off from the room in a fit.
Chapter Eighteen
Our Feelings
Hunter:
When dinner is served, I find myself hoping to see Jade’s face, to maybe whisper an apology to her when no one is around. Though it would be hard to see her face with the guilt I have bubbling up within me, I’m stuck between doing what is right for my family’s pack and what is right for my heart. Dinner is served by Chery and Abbey, but Jade isn’t here.
“Thank you, Miss Abbey, and Miss Chery,” Chase murmurs when they walk by. Jade isn’t with them, and when the two girls return to the kitchen, I didn’t even see Jade in the kitchen. I hear someone clear their throat, and I look over to see it was Vincent. ‘He must have changed the work schedule to keep me from seeing her.
“Is something wrong, son?” Vincent questions, raising an eyebrow.
“No, Father,” I speak through clenched teeth. Outside I’m calm, but on the inside, my inner wolf howls in rage and sadness, the emotions threatening to soar out of control. I force myself to eat, reply to others when they speak to me and just look normal as if I weren’t troubled.
“How’ve you been feeling?” Eladia asks Lilly.
“Good, and you?” Lilly replies.
“A bit stressed, I have the house being cleaned right now for your pack and the Schaedler’s arrival,” Eladia answers. I nearly start choking when she announced that.
“I’m sorry, what mother?” I ask.
“The Brook pack and Schaedler pack’s arrival. Oh, that’s right; we forgot to tell you all,” Eladia chimes, and she chuckles softly.
“The packs should arrive very soon,” Vincent adds.
“May I be excused?” I ask, too quickly. My father sighs.
“If you must, then go,” Vincent decides, waving me off. I was excused, and I hurried down the hallway to the other side of the castle. Thou entered the old family room; it was dusty and dreary compared to the living room and the newer familiar room that seemed alive with bright colored rugs and a crackling warm fire in the fireplace. Here it was the old room, the fireplace still as the dull grey stone walls and the once colorful rugs and warm wood floors now covered in a light sprinkle of accumulating dust. I took a few deep breaths, a growl rumbling through my chest. I brought up my fist and hit the wall as hard as I could, yet it didn’t leave a dent to my surprise. I lean against the cold stone, and it feels good against my skin.
“Why does it have to be so hard, life?” I whisper to myself. I lift my head, nose twitching, and a familiar sweet, distinctive scent reaches my nose. I hear the sound of feet shuffling, books being placed on a shelf, and pillows being brushed off. I turn around to see Jade cleaning the room. ‘Had she been here the whole time? I hadn’t notice.
“Mommy-Jade, what are you doing?” I hear Morgan’s small voice say. Jade sighs,
“You were supposed to be asleep upstairs,” Jade replies as she dusted the rug, some of its bright colors were surfacing through the dust. Morgan giggles,
“I was lonely, Mommy-Jade,” Morgan tells her. Jade dumps a pile of dirt into a bin and sets it down. She ruffles Morgan’s dark brown hair and smiles.
“Well, you’re not alone now,” Jade tells Morgan, which makes Morgan smile. Jade continued to clean, and Morgan just watched. I wasn’t sure what to really do, so I decided I would leave. I begin to creep out of the room when Morgan calls to me,
“Hunter?” Morgan murmurs. Jade looks my way, her eyes full of a fear that made me hate myself. Morgan left the dusted couch and began to pull me towards it, but the closer I came to Jade, the more afraid she became. The sound of footsteps reached my ears.
“Morgan, I have to go,” I tell her. I gently take my hand away from her.

Jade:
I’m relieved when Hunter leaves, yet I feel something else. There is a longing for him to return. I chuckle at myself. Someone enters the room, Vincent. Morgan and I are led out of the room to the living room. Morgan sits down with a few children that belonged to the Brook Pack. ‘I knew the other packs were coming here, but I didn’t know so soon,’ I note. I brush off some dust that had gathered on my clothes. I clear most of the dust from the old room, I just hope it’s acceptable.
“Mister Vincent Lake fall, good to see you again,” says a tall ma, he must be Lilly’s father.
“Good to see you as well, Mister Charles Brook, and Misses Mary Brook,” Vincent greets them. Eladia shook their hands. Behind them walks in another pair, their heads held tall, their presence rather stately. The Brook’s are dressed quite modestly, even Vincent looks quite handsome. Eladia is dressed in loose, flowing fabrics that hugs her body. Her face has been painted for their guests a bit too heavily. Oh, that woman annoys me.
“Mister Luke Schaedler and Misses Jane Schaedler,” Vincent and Eladia greet them. The Brook’s and Schaedler’s bring in their bags and are directed to the guest room they’d be staying in. Abbey, Chery, Edmund, and I were to assist them. Soon after, we return to our basement quarters. I fall into my cot, tired from all of today’s work cleaning the old room.
I wake up to cook breakfast. I would be cooking, but I wasn’t to serve the family. In the dining room, the alpha pair of the Brooks, Charles, and Mary, and Lilly and Eric have taken a seat. Vincent, Eladia, Hunter, Morgan, Suzah, and Chase have yet to make it down the stairs.
“Eric, please don’t sit by me,” Lilly says, she refuses to look at him.
“What’s wrong with me sitting here?” Eric asks a pain, and confused expression crosses his face.
“You, I don’t want you anywhere near me. Y-you’re a p-pig,” Lilly says, slightly stuttering as she spoke. Lilly’s parents chuckle softly and whisper something to the other.
“How could you say something like that?” Eric demanded to know, “I thought-” he began.
“Whatever you thought was wrong, go away. Y-you, disgust me,” Lilly snap. Eric recoils away, and the sadness and fear on his face made Charles and Mary Brook begin to laugh quietly. Eric took a seat away from Lilly. A few minutes later, the rest of the family slowly enters. ‘How could Lilly be so cruel to him? Isn’t Eric supposed to be her mate?’ I wondered, but then I saw it. The redness in Lilly’s eyes, how puffy and wet her brown eyes look. She was trying not to cry, but I could see it. There is no way she meant what she said, but it evidently hurts none the less. Judging by her parent’s soft laughter, she was only doing it to impress her parents? Edmund and Chery walk past me, carrying the food I’d cooked for the family. I frown and only wonder more. I went downstairs to check my chore list, and my eyes widen. I was to clean the bedrooms again, but Vincent has wiped that chore off my list entirely. He must have forgotten to reassign me elsewhere. If I went upstairs to clean the bedrooms again, there was a chance to see Hunter, to make things right between us. I was wrong to be so afraid of him, when he cares, the next time I see him, and no one’s around, I’ll talk to him, I’ll make things okay again.
Chapter Nineteen
Taken
Jade:
I head upstairs, hoping to see Hunter in the hallway when I hear Vincent call me downstairs.
"We're leaving. I need you to grab my briefcase from my office,” Vincent tells me, “And Chery, find something respectable for them,” he adds.  I'm not sure what was going on, but I have no choice to obey. I do as I'm ordered, get a change of clothes, and leave with him for a carriage sitting outside. I climb into the back where Abbey also sits and notices who's upfront. Vincent, Hunter, Eric, and Chase. They’re all dressed as normal, respectable and modest. I feel out of place. Never have I ever worn a dress of smooth, clean cotton that flows like a river over my curves to the floor. I stare at the floor or the window, anywhere but them.
“How behind schedule are we?” Vincent asks as he gave a short flick of his wrists on the whip. The horses begin to pull the carriage.
“Don’t worry, the meeting doesn’t start for another ten minutes,” Eric replies. We leave on a trail towards the town.
“What’s going on?” I whisper to Abbey.
“I’m not exactly sure, some pack meeting with the elders. This is for the Schaedler’s, Brooks, and Lakefall’s. Chase tells me,” she whispers. I nod my head understandingly. We move through the town and stop at an old church. Inside I hear many voices. We enter, and Abbey and I follow Vincent up to a table that faces the people. Abbey leans close to me as we walk up,
“I heard this was an emergency meeting due to the attack of the barbarians, “Abbey whispers. The alpha of the Schaedler, Luke, and Jane; alphas of Brook, Charles and Mary; and the alpha’s of Lakefall, Vincent, and Eladia sit table. Along with them sits Hunter, Chase, Eric, Lilly, and Suzah. It then strikes me just how important those three are. They are betas of their family’s pack. Chase of the Schaedler’s, Lilly of the Brook’s, and then Hunter of the Lakefall’s. I’d never realized just how important they were considering the packs. Among the audience, I’m surprised to spot familiar faces. There are humans; shop owners, innkeepers, and businesspeople gather
“Let this meeting begin,” announces Luke Schaedler. Vincent stands up,
“This meeting was called so early due to an unpleasant event. Our family, including Miss Lilly Brook, we were attacked on our territory by a group of barbarians. This event has called my attention to the rising fact that there is a association that does wish to bring us down,” Vincent says, “This is concerning matter because this is not their first offence. They have attacked our pack and our people. Tax collectors have been ambushed on the roads. Shops have been looted in the night. They’ve caused much harm to the village,” Vincent goes on, and Luke chuckles.
“What’s so funny about this? Our beta was attacked! This is a serious matter,” Mary snaps.
“I just wonder, is a human association really a threat to us? I mean, think about it,” Luke scoffs.
“Yes, it is because the force that did rescue the victims were injured,” Eladia spoke up, her eyes drifted towards Hunter and Eric. I couldn’t help but wonder if Hunter was okay since then. He’s been injured, yet he didn’t seem to be affected much. I notice my eyes drifted to look his way, but I continue to stare at the ceiling. Still, my thoughts drift to him as the others spoke.
“Just what do we know about the barbarians?” asks one of the elders that had come to the meeting; Henry Lakefall.
“Not much, but I find it impressive they managed to sneak up behind us without me noticing,” Lilly says. I frown when she says this, but someone has noticed; Morgan. I bit my tongue if I say something for sure.
“Just who was there, name all the victims that were first attacked,” ask Ester, a werewolf elder from the Schaedler pack.
“Six-year-old Morgan Lakefall, adopted-child, Lilly Brook, Abbey Bogas who was with the Barbarians at the time, and her,” Eladia answers Ester. ‘Her? I have a name!’ I thought. My lips part, but I quickly shut my mouth and bit down on my tongue until I taste blood. What is wrong with me, I almost said something!
“Her? You mean the human there,” asks a tall man, a younger man from the Lakefall pack. He wasn’t on the elder council, but he attended this meeting. I didn’t know his name, but I knew judging from appearances that he was the younger brother of Vincent Lakefall.
“Yes, brother Richard, her. Miss Jade,” Vincent replies, his eyes flicker to me and narrow. His brown eyes hardened, beneath the coldness reflected in his eyes was a message meant for me, and it was a warning that if I did something wrong, I would be punished. Richard walks my way, his brown eyes shining with an odd kind of interest. He stopped a few feet away from me.
“I take it your one of my brothers’ servants?” Richard asks. I look to Vincent, wondering if I should speak.
“Kitty-Kat got your tongue, can’t speak?” Richard questions me. My eyes snap back to him, and I open my mouth to talk,
“Yes, sir,” I murmur.
“So, the kitty-Kat can talk. Interesting, what is your name?” he asks me. The interest never fading from his eyes, it was creepy.
“Jade, Jade Atwood,” I tell him.
“Jade, a pretty name. Now tell me, why do you stand so close to the beta’s table?” he asks.
“I-I-I- I don’t know,” I stammer, not sure how to answer.
“Oh? And just how close are you to the Lakefall’s? I notice your eyes drifting to look at one of them here,” he says, looking back towards Eric, Lilly, and Hunter. I feel my face heat up, and I look down at my own two feet.
“I-I’ve been serving the family for a while, I guess I’m pretty close,” I say. I could feel Vincent’s eyes on me, including Eladia’s eyes. They were watching me, just waiting to see if I would screw up and say the wrong thing.
“You seem pretty close to their son, Hunter,” Richard comments.
“I, No- I don’t know what you mean by that,” I say, my voice still quiet. I could hear people begin to whisper amongst themselves. I feel Richard put his hand under my chin, lifting my head so our eyes meet. My breath is shaky under his heated, prying gaze. Vincent looks at me with fury and hatred for me, but that was because I was human, but I could even see a fear hidden under the anger and hate. Eladia look at me with rage and pity, and the same kind of horror hidden beneath it as well. Their concern isn’t without reason, it was the massacre that took place a few years ago on werewolves, so their hatred wasn’t misguided either. Hunter’s gaze is smoldering, warm, and longing. Then there’s Richard, who glares at me though with a mix of feelings, interest, desire, yet it also held a hatred.
“Eyes back here,” Richard demands. My eyes had drifted while I was in thought, and of course, to Hunter.
“I don’t know, you seem pretty close to him,” he says. Does he know that Hunter has declared me his mate?
“I find you interesting, quite fascinating even if you’re only human,” Richard says. He leans closer to whisper in my ear, “Even your scent is different than a normal human, so what your secret to being so interesting? I must know,” he says.
“Richard,” Vincent snaps. Richard moves away and takes a few steps back. His strides are as smooth as butter.
“Enough, I know you take a particular interest in the things I own, but I can’t have you scarring my servants,” Vincent snap. I realized I was trembling; I was terribly afraid of Richard. ‘Just what did Vincent mean by Richard taking a particular interest in the things Vincent owned? Was Richard jealous of his brother?’ I wondered. I seemed likely when Vincent was an alpha, and Richard wasn’t.
“I understand, I’ll back off,” Richard says, he holds his hands up defensively.
“That would be appreciated,” Hunter adds, his words were no longer smooth, but a growl. My eyes flicker over towards him again. I notice his green eyes had changed to a golden yellow color. Hunter glanced once at me while the elders were whispering amongst themselves, and his eyes were still filled with the same compassion and desire they always held when on me.
“Miss Jade, I would like to ask you just what you know about the barbarians?” Ester Schaedler requests. I came out of my thoughts to speak, but Ellen Brook began to say something first.
“Oh, why bother. What do humans know?” sneers the elder, Ellen Brook.
“I agree, humans know nothing. Even about their own kind!” Eladia agrees.
“I would still like to ask a question, you never know. Humans know much as well,” Ester says. She folded her hands, put her elbows on the table, and rested her head on her folded hands. I step forward, still nervous, but glad I can show that I wasn’t as useless as thought to be.
“The barbarians are a group of people,” I begin. I hear Eladia chuckle softly at “people.” How rude. “a group of people that live in one large camp in separate homes. They work together to survive on the land they own. The barbarians are completely against werewolves with a strong, furious hatred. Their leader’s name is Leonel Helsey, also led by his assistant Trenton Luid,” I inform them.
“Thank you very much for sharing this. We know a bit more about who these barbarians are,” Ester, thanks me. I nod my head, and Ester continues, “See, humans know much,” Ester says, holding her chin up. Ellen dramatically rolls her eyes and brushes her greying blonde hair back behind her ears. There’s a gasp from the back of the meeting hall. A well-groomed man, his hair neatly pulled back just like I remember, strides into the room. The church has gone silent save for the clunk of his boot steps. Guardians on patrol snap upright to stop Leonel.
“Let him through,” Hunter demands, earning a glare of question. The two exchange eye contact. Leonel is allowed to continue forward to the table. He holds his gaze, jaw tense, and body rigid. We watch Leonel draw his sword before the alphas, lay it on the table, and back off.
“You are not the leader I remember,” Vincent calls out.
“You remember Tristen. I am not the leader of my party, but the leader of a proposal,” Leonel begins, “Please, I ask for your ear,” he asks, looking among the council. He’s met with silence. His nervousness is evident. “I’ve come hoping to work out a treaty for peace. This senseless violence must end,”
“Senseless violence, we have only acted in defense against hunters,” Richard blurts out, “our violence you describe has been justified by years of historic hunts!” he shouts, raising an outburst.
“Silence,” Vincent snarls, earning sharp disapproving looks from several, “Go on,” he encourages and stares expectantly.
“I’m interested in what Tristen has in mind?” Vincent inquires, and Leonel’s face drops.
“I come on my own,” Leonel admits, “I need-,” he begins.
“You need to know your place. You haven’t an ear or the influence to propose peace with your own barbarian people or us,” Richard notes.  Leonel drops his gaze to the floor.
“But you’re a sympathizer,” I call out. For the first time since entering, Leonel and I exchange eye contact. He breathes a sigh of relief.
“Yes, a sympathizer. I wish to call for the end of the thieves, the slaughterings, all of it. For that to happen, both parties must be in alignment. So I came here alone, hoping to find the ear of a friend in someone in the place that can influence people,” Leonel pleads. Vincent stands, approaching Leonel now. He drops his gaze before the alpha standing before him.
“Why shouldn’t you be slaughtered right now as payments for the crimes you have accomplished?” Vincent growls low.
“Father, let him go,” Hunter stands up, “What use do we have for this man’s death on our hands,” he proposes, “If he is the diplomat he claims to be then letting him walk may prove more useful to us than spilling his blood on the street,” Hunter wagers. Vincent cocks an eyebrow, looking interested in the idea. People whisper about, intrigued by Huter’s sudden air of confidence and boldness.
“Very well, diplomat of the barbarians. I look forward to seeing what you can do,” Vincent chuckles, he even smirks when he offers Leonel his sword back. Leonel bows most respectfully before walking free, as promised. I pray Leonel is true.
Chapter Twenty
Make a Move
I raise my head, and I meet the eyes of our captors. Tristen, Leonel, Adrianna, and Jina are among the barbarians leading the group. Tristen struts by, his hands on his hips. I drop my eyes to the ground as he comes closer, stopping before me. I can feel him looking at me, and then his hand falls lightly, caress the side of my face. My bottom lip trembles. His fingers fall to the collar bone, sliding lower.
“Don’t you touch me,” I hiss, the words flying out of my mouth. My eyes snap up to Tristen. His hazel eyes grow wide, and he leaps back. Heat fires up in my chest, dear God, it burns with fury. He eyes me carefully, still taking cautious steps back before he continues on his way. I take in a slow, shaky deep breath and sigh in relief. I brush my hair back, my hands trembling with my nerves hanging on the very edge of my cold.
"Move maggots," Jina Helsey urges behind us. I glance back, and the glimmer of a blade catches my eye.
"Edmund, I'm scared," Chery whispers, her eyes staring straight ahead of her. Edmund nods, acknowledging her. All around us, torches burn, and archers remain diligently focused on the dark woods around us. Cold winds threaten to blow out their flames. The slightest creak and crunch of a branch or snow catches every eye. Swords raise to meet their foe, but nothing comes forward. We keep moving, cold and exhausted, but also warry. I haven’t a clue of what’s to come. All I know is we’re approaching their camp, a spring up of tents not too far off from the main house. Abbey, Cherry, and Edmund were taken to a shelter. Lilly, Morgan, and I are directed to another.
"Just wait here,” Jina orders, and she giggles. Morgan immediately takes to the corner, crouching down in the corner to make herself small. I amble in, out of the wind, taking it all in. The cold, crisp air and the smell of sweat and dirty clothes. Lilly turns to face Jina, her brown eyes blazing with frustration.
“If you don’t want to have your spine broken, I suggest you let us go," Lilly demands, and then I realize it, she’s the only werewolf beside Morgan they’ve captured. Maybe they don't understand who they’ve brought to their camp, but we might have a chance to escape with her. Then again, she also just might get herself killed, too. I guess I’ll find out. But I’m not staying here.
"You think I should be terrified. I pit you. You don’t understand what you’re up against, so why don’t you shut your mouth now, before you find yourself dead," Adrianna snaps. Jina continues to giggle. The girls turn their backs to her as there’s a loud, familiar pop in Lilly’s back. She snarls, claws and teeth lengthening, and this hideous warning snarl coming from her throat. Lilly charges forward, her nails raised to slash and cut. Jina whips around, throwing the hilt of a sword back. Lilly collapses with yipe. She covers her face, rocking back and forth. My stomach aches, tightening like I might be sick. Jina bashes in the hilt against her head, and Lilly collapses to the floor in silence. Jina sheathes her short sword. She shakes her head, utterly disgusted.
"We'll see you later, wolf-girl, the puppy, and the vermin," Jina calls over her shoulder.
"We'll see you tonight!" Adrianna adds, and the two-leave laughing.
“Why,” Lilly croaks, still conscious. And I thought she out from that bashing. “What’s tonight?” she grunts. Lilly struggles once to prop herself up but fails.
“You lot are to be executed,” Jina informs us. The two leave us in silence. In silence and anticipation, we sit in terror. We’re latterly sitting here, waiting to die. Guards are posted outside, armed with weapons and the skills to use them if we try something. Some moments later, Lilly starts sniffling. She hasn’t moved from where she’s fallen, but she’s started to cry. I roll my eyes at myself, pressing my lips into a thin line. Her despair is the only thing in this space, it’s depressing.
"I'm sure the pack will come to rescue us," I try to reassure her.
"Why? Hunter wants nothing to do with me. Suzah, I’m sure she is ecstatic to possibly become the new heiress," Lily mumbles, “And the Schaedler’s,” she goes on, “Eric hates me,” she mutters, her face crumpling up like she might start sobbing. I was expecting a remark like her father about their faults and weaknesses.
"Eric could not, would not, and does not hate you,” I promise her, “You’re the one he wants as his mate," I remind her. Her soft crying stops. She just curls up in a tight little ball. I doubt she’s sleeping. I don’t know how anyone could possibly sleep in a situation like this. All we can do is sit tight, waiting, and listening to the sounds of the barbarian camp. Occasionally I hear Tristen’s voice just outside our tent. I wait for him to enter. He comes by twice, never coming in, but he’s so close it makes me nervous. The tent flap finally opens. Tristen is back a fourth time, this time beckoning for us to come forth. The camp has been better lit all around the perimeter. It reeks of fried meats and oils burning. Morgan clings to my leg, holding on to the fabric of my dress. Either for dear life or warmth, she stays close because the winter wind tonight is quite icy. Clouds over the sky block the stars that once lit our way here. What a dreadful night for our execution. That angry burning in my chest fires up again. I don’t want to die. I lift my head to the eyes around me. They watch and judge with eager enthusiasm. I don’t want to die. Some snicker, whispering to one another when their eyes recognize mine. They’re excited to have me back, to see a traitor be put to death. I don’t want to die. I look down at Morgan, gazing up at me with these wide child eyes. I will not die. We approach a boy, geared up in winter wears for him to tie a thick, coarse rope around our wrists. Morgan draws back, trying to hide, but it’s no use.
“It didn’t have to be like this. You could have fought with us,” the boy tells me, his blue eyes focusing on tying our hands. Rico, from the kitchen, I recognize him now. His blond hair is no longer short and neat, but unruly and dirty. He shakes his head before he walks off. I urge Morgan along.
"Morgan, I want you to run when I tell you to, okay?" I whisper softly in Morgan's ear. I glance at Lilly, her eyes, red eyes, and water. My heart starts to pound. Not with the fear of death, but what I’m planning. If I were a wolf, I’d tear apart this camp. I scoff at myself. To think, I’d be wishing to be a wolf-like them! I stare ahead at the stone block, waiting for us. Leonel watches us with tired eyes, his face hanging compared to Tristen, who looks like he can’t wait to begin. Leon lifts a large, heavy blade stuck into the frozen ground and hands it to Tristen. I’m no stranger to this; only this will be my first in this position, the one who’ll be beheaded.
“Come now,” Tristen calls my first. I turn to Morgan.
"Run, Morgan," I whisper. She runs past me. I throw myself in Tristen’s way.
"The kid is taking off! Get her!" Tristen yells after her, raising the ax. He swings after me, and I dive out of the way. “Get back here, and this will be fast!” he yells at me, licking his lips like this is some sick thrilling game. I will not die. I can’t die! I glare at Tristen, focusing on his mad swinging, fueled by frustration and disgust. I watch for it; the angled swing and I stick my hands out. I scream. Blood droplets trickle down the side of my arm. The rope unravels at a cut, and I pull it apart. Tristen momentarily gawks at me. I take the chance and launch myself at him. I slam my knuckles into his face. He falls, howling in anger. I slam my foot into the side of his head sending him rolling. I snatch the ax before beating him once more with the handle. More barbarian men come rushing up when a great hollering lifts into the air. Lilly’s bitten through the ropes and unleashed her claws. She snarls furiously, baring her teeth at anyone that comes near.
“Back the hell up,” I warn Jina.
“You’re making this more difficult for yourself,” she reminds me.
“I’m not going to die,” I state.
“You would have died fast. Now you will die painfully,” Jina states. We swing at the other, pushing back her blade clumsily. I press forward without giving her a chance to come back. I bump into Lilly. Both of us jump, startled half to death.
"Any I never told him,” she tells me, our eyes darting around, watching for anyone that comes too close.
“Told who what?” I call over my shoulder.
“Eric, how I feel,” she admits, lunging at a couple men coming forward. They scramble backward. She means Eric. Hunter? What about Hunter? What about him and his feelings. He offered me his heart, and I turned him away. How do I feel? Somewhere in the darkness, beasts are snarling. The snow crunches under their paws. Everyone draws a weapon, anything to fight what’s to come snapping into their camp. They come in a blur of fur and claws. One of them weaves around, leaping over Leonel he stops before us two. Eric hops off the wolf’s back, his eyes lighting up.
"Looks like you ladies could use some help," Eric scoffs. The other wolf before us stamps its feet, giving off a low warning growl to anyone that might come near.
“Hunter?” I whisper his name, and he stares back with these bright shocking green eyes. I sigh, unable to help the relief that floods my heart.
"Let’s go, Hunter will meet up with us," Eric urges Lilly and me along with Hunter to cover us.
“Hunter!” I call out. I grimace, my face crumpling up. “Protect us.” He focuses back on the barbarian fighters again. “And come back to me,” I murmur before I take off to catch up with Eric. We run through the brush and trees. Our heavy breathing fills the quiet of the woods. The sound of my own breath and my heartbeat slamming against my ribcage fills my ears.
“What’s that, yipping?” Eric wonders, pausing.
“Morgan, that’s Morgan,” I cry out. I fly forward, racing for her.
“Not a step closer,” Rico warns, snatching her up from behind.
"Morgan!" I shriek. He grabs her by the scruff. She dangles in the air, wriggling, and yiping.
"Nasty mutt,” Rico snaps. He takes Morgan and throws her against a tree. I throw myself at him; my knuckles fly for his face. I scream at him, spitting at his face. With a crack, blood gushes from his nose. Rico kicks me backward, drawing a blade when Eric grabs me.
“Let me go!” I order, fighting against him and Lilly. Eric puts himself in Rico’s path now. Everything in me burns to fight, to launch myself forward.
“If you keep this up, you’ll be killed. You’re fighting blind,” Lilly hisses in my ear, “So pipe down,”
"What's the wrong beast? Can't transform into a monster? Are you just some half breed?" Rico mocks. Eric snarls.
“Don’t you dare mock me,” Eric yells. The two go rolling in the snow, Rico’s dagger thrown aside. A left hook nearly clips Eric. Rico kicks Eric back.
"I've had enough!" Rico scoffs. Eric darts in, but Rico’s recovered the dagger.
“Eric, watch it!” Lilly warns. She cringes when the blade swipes across Eric’s shoulder. Rico makes another slashing and nearly takes an eye out. Blood runs down Eric’s face, his arm, and stains the clean snow. Eric punches Rico again. A sudden sharp kick sends Eric stumbling backward. His back slams into the nearby tree. Rico comes at him, slugging him right in the gut. Eric splutters and gasps for air. Rico slashes at him, drawing long deep cuts across his chest. Fresh blood runs, turning the white snow crimson.
"Eric!" Lilly shrieks, "Eric! Please!" Lilly cries for him. She charges in, at last, struggling with Rico for the dagger above Eric. With a sudden outburst, she snaps her fangs at his forearm.
“GAH!” Rico screams. He throws his head back, butting heads with Lilly. She gasps, backing off, and he swings at her with the blade. Now Lilly’s blood is in the snow. She stumbles backward, dizzy, and dazed-looking. Rico knocks the wind out of her. She’s gasping desperately for air as he tries to stop the blood running down his arm. Goodness, it’s quite a nasty bite wound. A ripple runs down Lilly’s back with a pop. That’s it, shift into a wolf. Rico plants his foot on Lilly’s chest and brings his boot down again. Then again. Lilly tries to scream, but it turns into a squeak.
“Stop it!” I plead, begging for him to stop. Rico kicks her aside. She rolls in the bloody dirty snow. On her stomach now, she tries to crawl and pull herself away. A low, faint snarl rumbles weak in her chest like a whisper.
“Still fighting,” Rico spits at her as he wipes blood from his face. There’s a loud pop like bones are cracking. Rico straightens up, realizing another wolf is coming right behind him. I cringe, and Rico screams. The beast has him by the shoulder. The wolf stands tall, about as tall as him, maybe with bloody blondish white fur. It growls low. Rico’s hands tremble so terribly he dagger falls to the ground. With another snap of its jaws, it has him by the neck. The wolf grabs him. I shut my eyes, unable to watch its ruthless thrashing. I can not watch, but I can’t shut out the sounds I hear at this moment. The screaming, the snarling, and the ripping. The screaming finally stops and is followed by a dull thud. I finally dare to take a peek at the scene before me. I wish I could un-see this. Rico’s dead and now in two. The wolf turns from him to Lilly. She reaches out, propping herself up to meet him when she collapses. The wolf whines, its feet dancing.
"She's out cold," I murmur. The wolf looks to me, a low growl rumbling. “Eric?” I whisper, and the grumbling turns into this quiet whining. Heavy feet are coming this way through the snow. I hold onto the ax a little tighter.
“Jade!” Chery calls. They’re here with Hunter, Chase, and several other wolves alongside them.
"Time to go," Edmund calls. My eyes water, spilling tears down my face. The ax slips from my fingers. We recollect ourselves. Everyone is safe, and we’re heading back now for the Lakefall’s manor. Strangely enough, I can’t wait to return. I’m looking forward to resting in my quarters, laying my head down, and having a night’s sleep. As we walk, Hunter nudges me.
“I’m fine, I can walk,” I assure him, merely guessing. I lean against his side. His warm russet brown and black fur is comforting. He growls softly like he’s content. Hunter nudges me again, his cold nose finding the cuts and scrapes. Bruises are already forming on my shoulder, and my head throbs. I take a deep breath. His fur smells like pine, woodsy, and also like wintergreen mint. Houses are starting to come into view. The manor isn’t that far off now either. Before we reach the door, Hunter is greeted by Jane Schaedler. Look’s like people hung out even after the party was ruined.
"I hope everything can be settled out, Hunter," Jane hopes. Hunter nods his head. We keep moving forward. Eric hurries on ahead with Lilly, still out cold and in need of some medical attention inside. She might be cruel, she might be horrible in her own ways, but I don’t want to see her die. Not like this. Hunter pauses, he’s about to head somewhere else with the other wolves.
"Thanks, Hunter," I murmur. He nuzzles my hair with his nose, his warm breath is even comforting.
"Aye, Jade, you coming?” Edmund calls after me. My whole face warm, from my chin to the tops of my ears.
"Edmund, let’s go," Chery rushes him, pulling him inside the castle.
"Aren't you going to come in?" I wonder, "You should probably shift back," I go on. Hunter looks away shyly, his green eyes flickering towards me. I pat his head and kiss his nose before heading inside.

Chapter Twenty-One
Alphas
Hunter:
Jade gives me a gentle kiss on the nose. Our first kiss and I have to be in this form. Oh, it’s torture. She leaves me outside. I still have to make sure everyone’s returned home. I turn from the manor when this howling lifts into the air. The hair on the back of my neck stands on end. I feel my heart start to race a bit. Wolves are mourning, just west of here. My ears twitch, catching the different voices and cries, calling out their agony and misery. Luke, the Schaedler alpha, is dead. Another wolf pauses beside me, Eric. He sits there silent, mourning, and probably frustrated. He’s lost his cousin, but at the same time, he knows he’s to take Luke’s place as alpha. I finally return once their mourning calls have ended. The Brooks have left, probably bitter and enraged with what’s happened. Reasoning with them won’t be easier nor fun; all of this is going to be quite the challenge. I shift back and find some clothes to throw on.
“Hunter!” I hear my father calling.
“Coming, father!” I call back.
“What’s going on?” I demand to know. Another wolf rush by.
“Tell me, what’s going on?” I finally snap. No one’s telling me anything.
“They’re out there squabbling now,” Vincent scoffs at me, “the Brook’s are pressing on our territory,” he complains, “all because you rejected the Brooks,” he blames me.
“This is not my fault. You can’t honestly think this was my fault when I had no part in your agreement with the Brooks,” I scoff back at him, “You made all the decisions without asking if anyone might have a problem with it!” I fire back, “This feuding among the three packs has gone too far. Can’t you see that everyone’s hurting?”
“Hunter stand down,” Vincent orders, ignoring any attempt to reach anything human within him.
“Make me, Vincent,” I challenge. My wolf, this is my wolf talking. Is this more my wolf, or is this me? Frustration scorches my chest, burning across my body.
“Stand down, or prepare to be put in your place,” Vincent warns me.
“I’m standing up to put you in your place,” I fire back, and he raises his eyebrows, something behind me has caught his attention.
“Stand down, or you’ll have another funeral to attend,” Vincent threatens me, raising his eyebrows again. I finally risk looking back, and I see Jade at the other end of the hallway. My precious Jade. I can’t let her die because of me. Her death will not be on my hands.
“I’ve done everything I could,” Vincent tries to reason, rambling about all he’s done. He forgets to mention everything he hasn’t done that he could have. Vincent could have protected the Schaedler pack. We could have made other arrangements for an alliance with the Brooks. I hold my tongue. I don’t move or say anything because if I do, Jade will be in trouble. He might be an old gruff brute, too irritated to be bothered with much, but I won’t test him. Not with her so close and our disagreement so tense.
“There’s going to be a meeting, even while the fight goes on, and you are to attend it. You will go, reclaim your love for Lilly. Make things right,” my father tells me. I will make things right, alright. When I arrive, Uncle Richard, my father’s brother, is sitting among the council. How did he weasel his way into the board? Whether or not the Schaedler’s would come was unknown because with their alpha deceased. I take a seat, and after so, the doors open to the room. Since he’s out settling the territory squabbles, that leaves me to take his place. The elders watch me take my father’s seat.
“Afternoon,” Ester Schaedler greets us, her soft blue eyes flickering to me. Finally, there’s Eric. He walks with a new air of respect but also animosity. People notice the new alpha, and they show how they feel. The way some of them perk up, smiling, and their eyes look up to him dramatically differs from the narrow side-eyes, the way they whisper to one another, and the slight wrinkling of their noses like they caught a bad smell. Is that how they look at me? The Brooks is next after him, carrying a foul air of scornful glares and stares.
“Good afternoon,” Eric greets the table.
“What is to report from the Brook’s?” asks Henry Lakefall.
“The barbarians have begun encroaching on our perimeter, but they will not see their way through,” Charles informs us, “We Brooks are strong, stronger than them. Your enemy’s defeat will be our greatest trophy,” he snickers, chin high, and chest puffed out.
“I hope your victory is successful without a massacre of your people,” Eric hopes. As scornful as it comes across, I know if it comes from his family’s history having been slaughtered years before.
“I’d be interested in a pack merge,” Charles offers, looking to Lilly.
“I’m interested in a compromise. Perhaps a treaty?” I offer it back.
“It would be more reliable to have a concrete alliance, one that’s not as easy to break like the pairing of two mates,” Charles states.
“You don’t trust us,” I point out.
“You’re weak alphas,” Charles mocks us and leap to my feet.
“Keep your head,” Eric orders, “If it’s a pack merge you want, the Schaedler’s are strong and worthy,” he offers. Lilly, who’s been staring at the floor this whole time, finally looks up.
“Please, your pack is nothing, and neither are you. You have no right to even hold a seat at this table, even in such an unworthy pack!” Mary Brook complains. Lilly’s hand curls up in a fist and strikes the table. The elders gawk at her, gasping and whisper about her unexpected temper.
“Enough. Your fool headed ego makes me sick,” Lilly speaks up, voicing that sharp-witted tongue of hers at last.
“Stand down, remember your place,” Charles warns her, his words all too familiar.
“Your vanity is distasteful. You shame our pack with you-,” Lilly sneers when Mary slaps her across the face. A giggle escapes Suzah. She slaps her hand over her mouth, but it’s already out there. Her whole face smiles, jeering at her sister’s embarrassment. Eric shifts in his seat, uneasy. The whole table is awkward and on edge.
“I think this meeting is over,” Charles decides.
“I think we should talk this through,” I point out, but Eric hushes me with a single gesture.
“I expect a meeting with you some time, Sir Brooks,” Eric declares. Charles eyes him before he rises from his seat.
“You’ll get once chance, a meeting, and nothing more,” Charles agrees before leads his family to storm out of the meeting hall. He’s made an impression it would seem. I take a deep breath and sigh. What am I to do? My family, my pack, everything is in chaos.
.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Trouble Among Us
Jade:
I can sometimes hear the sound of the fighting. Vincent calls it a territory squabble, but when Hunter comes back, I see his pain. I see the already healing, fading scars. He’s acting like it’s nothing, but it’s not. This is my fault.
“Hunter?” I call out, keeping my voice low. He notices me, and his face lights up, “I take it, Vincent is out?”
“Out securing the Schaedler’s borders,” Hunter tells me, “But Eric’s taking good advantage of his newfound authority. They’re growing stronger,” he assures me. His hand gently caresses my cheek before pulling me close into his arms. For a vague moment, I picture my shack back in the village, where I feel safe and warm then. Now here I am, warm and comforted. He kisses my forehead and sighs. “I’ve wanted this for so long,” he admits, and my heart melts. I can’t help it. Someone clears their throat, loud and distinct. I pull back at the sight of Eladia in the dining hall doorway. Hunter tries to keep me close, but I leap back. My face flushes, and my stomach twists with nervousness.
“Yes, mother?” Hunter asks.
“Step, away from that human,” Eladia complains, her lips curling up into a silent snarl. I back away a few steps. I don’t need to cause any more tensions with his mother.
“I will not have you mating with a human. The title of alpha cannot be shared with a mere human,” Eladia continues to disapprove, “Better to die alone than with a human,” she states. She approaches, but Hunter stands in her way. This is wrong, this is terrible. Hunter has to be protecting me from their own mother, his own mother. Guilt burns in my stomach. Hunter was pushed out of the way, and Eladia came up to me with a shaking finger as she began to scold me.
“You humans are all the same. You hunt us. You enslave our children. And you call us monsters!” Eladia goes on, her voice lifting with each accusation.
“Mother!” Hunter cuts her off.
“Quite!” Eladia orders him, “I find you to be disgusting! Everything about you makes me want to be sick,” Eladia goes on, raising her hand. Hunter grabs her by the wrist, stopping her from going any further.
“Mother, no, I will not let you harm my mate!” Hunter states with the most repulsed look across her face.
“Don’t you say that; she is not your mate. She is... she is perhaps a witch that has somehow made you believe that with sorcery!” Eladia shrieks.
“Mother, that is what is absurd!” Hunter yells, rolling his glowing golden eyes.
“Hunter, stand down. First and foremost, you will not stand against your own mother like this, and second, you are not the alpha here,” Eladia growls, her eyes matching his. Her lip curls up to show off her lengthening teeth. She tears her arm away and turns to him.
“Eladia, Eladia dear, why are you so tense,” a calm voice interrupts the tension. I almost welcome the break in the moment, if not for it being this man. A taller man, a muscular brute like Vincent, with cold brown eyes, and neatly combed brown hair walks in. It’s none other than Vincent’s brother, Richard.
“Why are you here?” Eladia demands to know. Hunter backs off, keeping me behind himself.
“Hunter, you’d be wise to listen to your mother. That thing is only a mere human,” Richard reminds him. Eladia lifts her face with the smuggest, I told you so look, sneering at us. My stomach tenses nauseated both by fear of what they may do but also disgust in their haughty egos. How they disgust me, they vex me with the pain their problems cause others. I don’t know that I’d be a better alpha, but I wouldn’t be so blatantly arrogant and stuck-up.
“So then, again, what’s brought you here, Richard?” Eladia demands, “Vincent isn’t here at the moment,” she points out.
“I came to inform the main house that there is an important pack meeting to attend with the Brook’s and Schaedler’s,” Richard tells us both, “We’re to attend,” he says, all too demandingly. Richard leads the way, an escort already ready for us. Richard strides into the building first. Hunter shoulders his way around Richard, eager to lead the way. Richard snickers to himself, muttering something under his breath, he takes a seat with the council. I take my place among several others, including Chase, Suzah, and Jane. One of the elders, Henry Lakefall, stands to usher meeting’s beginning.
“Our late Luke Schaedler has been buried, and Eric Schaedler has properly been initiated as the Schaedler’s new pack alpha,” Ester announces without missing a beat. You’d think she’d want to take a moment to remember her brother, to honor his name, but maybe this will spare his name before the Brooks. The elders look to Richard as if expecting something of her.
“Most recently, our alpha, Vincent Lakefall, went out to take care of a little, squirmish with the barbarians,” Richard begins, “And he hasn’t returned since last night,” he adds. I look to Hunter’s face. The whole room already feels the stress, the grimness in Richard’s voice, they’re looking at Eladia for her response. She drops her gaze, her jaw-dropping, and tears starting to fill her eyes. Whatever he’s to disclose, not even Eladia knows.
“Vincent has gone missing, it is believed he may be held hostage.... or is dead,” Richard announces. Then, as if woken, Eladia and Hunter’s heads both snap up to him. She digs her nails into the table like she’s hanging on for dear life. People avert their eyes, shying away from her candid tears. Eladia hangs her head, tears flowing, and her body shaking like she might crack at any moment. Then someone snickers. No one stirs, let alone breathes, because how could someone be laughing at her grief? Yet there he is, Sir Brooks, laughing away.
“I can’t believe that old fool, that brute, let those barbarians get the best of him?” Charles sneers.
“What on Earth is wrong with you?” Eladia demands, her voice cracking.
“I can’t believe that old fool charged into battle, and probably got himself killed! Is your pack really that weak that you can’t handle some human’s?” Mary adds, like poison, to an open wound.
“My mate, Vincent, fought bravely against the barbarians, a problem we all should be worried about,” Eladia snarls, “May I remind you, your own daughter was just captured by their hands not so long ago,”
“By the incompetency of your guards,” Mary fires back.
“Your own guards were out there as well? Where were they?” Eladia reminds her, “Dead. We found four of them dead,” she snaps.
“Eladia’s, Charles, Mary enough!” an elder stands up, Ellen Brook, “Might we sit down?” she requests, eyeing the two expecting their cooperation.
“As of now, and who knows how long the Lakefall pack is without an alpha,” Richard suggests, sparking up whispers and chatter among those here to witness the meeting.
“What are you getting at?” Henry inquires.
“I am Vincent’s brother; I know his mind, and I know his pack. Shouldn’t I be alpha?” Richard suggests, and Hunter perks up. I scoff to myself. Who does he think he is? Everyone knows that Hunter is to take his father’s place. He’s the one. I believe in him.
“You there, human,” Henry calls out. It then dawns on me they’re looking at me now. Oh, dear. “What might be so funny? Do you not think he’s fit for alpha?” he asks.
“Well, I um-…” I stammer, and my thoughts go back to a day with Vincent, “Vincent suggested Richard has always admired him for his power. I believe he might be after that same power for himself,” I suggest, “And I-I-,” I stutter.
“You what?” Charles demands.
“I believe Hunter Lakefall should be your next alpha,” I suggest, “He cares for your pack. He hurts when his pack hurts, he doesn’t hesitate to protect, and he faces his problems head-on. He has his pack’s well being in his heart,” I state before the council. I side glance at Richard watching me, glaring at me. I refuse to let him catch my eyes. However, someone else’s eyes finds me. Eladia’s watching me with red, watery eyes. Any emotion her face once showed has gone flat.
“And you are?” Henry inquires.
“Jade, Jade Atwood,” I answer.
“Yes, you’re a peculiar human, I must say,” Ester admits.
“Agreed, Madam Schaedler. The rumors say you have quite the captivating personality,” Henry agrees.
“I- th-thank you?” I reply, praying that was meant to be a compliment.
“Whether not Hunter or Richard becomes alpha cannot be determined quite yet. We ought to see into Vincent’s whereabouts,” Henry recommends, “We shall discuss this later after the council has looked over all options and the situation,” and with that, the meeting closes. The elders are out first. People stand around the pews, chatting amongst each other and catching up. Hunter splits for the courtyard, catching my eye before disappearing. I start after him when Richard steps in the way.
“That was quite bold, you know,” Richard reminds me. I know that was bold. It was stupid and dangerous, “I agree with Miss Brook; you are a peculiar human,” he adds, eying me with interest. It’s not a comforting look, it’s creepy. He puts a hand under my chin, forcing me to look him in the eyes, “Just when are you going to tell me what makes you so... odd?” Richard inquires. I swallow my nerves. My jaw tenses.
“I don’t know what you mean,” I state, scowling back at him. Oh, and he doesn’t like the look. It’s written all over him.
“You don’t trust me,” He notices, “yes, you are quite the astute woman,” he notices.
“Then I expect you won’t underestimate,” I challenge. Richard drops his hand, and I dash for the door, leaving him behind me. A shudder runs down my spine. GAH! My nerves are on fire! Astute maybe, but not wise. Such a smart remark was incredibly stupid. I shake my head. Richard has a goal for power. Getting in his way might kill me.
“That was quite brave,” Hunter’s voice startles me. I whirl around, and there he is in the courtyard archway. He smiles apologetically, seeing how he surprised me. He embraces me, pulling me in close again like back in the manor. His chest is warm. “It’s going to be alright,” he promises me.
“If I were as brave as you, things would be so much different,” Hunter murmurs, nuzzling my hair.
“You are brave. You have endured and fought without giving up,” I remind Hunter, “I believe in you,” I add for assurance, and Hunter pulls me closer. He holds me there, tight and close, before letting me go. I wish he didn’t have to let me go, but we must be returning. The later it grows, the colder it’s becoming. The wind around us howls, whistling. The cold air must really be getting to me. Our escorts pause, giving a sort of,
“Uff,” bark, soft and quiet. Wolves dart by in the trees. I catch a glimpse of a large furry body. Another form goes by with sandy blonde fur. The beasts growl, low in anticipation. A massive furry mass lunges, and I scream. I throw myself out of the way. Wetness rolls down my shoulder. I slap my hand over my wet shoulder. I kick at the nearest wolf. I hardly expect it to go far, but it hits the ground rolling. In the sudden turmoil of racing paws and the wind, snow and dirt blow around. I stumble off the road, hitting a tree, and I collapse to the ground. There’s nothing I can do in this madness. I search the mass of fighting wolves.
“Hunter!” I call out. His head pops up. He shakes out his coat, flinging drops of blood from his leg. The wolf fighting Hunter has a deep scar running across her muzzle. I watch, my focus trained on Hunter. He jumps to the side, the other wolf’s teeth slashing his shoulder. He cries out, and flood runs through his fur. Hunter twists his neck to bite down on her tail. She yipes, twisting to snap at him. Hunter draws back before lunging for her neck. Try as she might, she can’t throw him off. Wolves cry and snarl. Blood spatters stain the snow. Several wolves start back up, recollecting themselves before they take off, leaving us to collect ourselves and for the wolves to nurse their wounds.

Chapter Twenty-Three
It’s Out of My Hands
Hunter:
The next morning begins early. The council has debated over what to do, an immediate fix for the current situation. Will I be deemed alpha, or will Richard have his way and become the new alpha? I check myself in the mirror. My dark brown hair is neat, and my suite fits the importance of the meeting. I laugh at myself for fussing over my look. I lean forward so that my head rests against the mirror. This mess. This fighting, constant battling, and squabbling must end before we lose more than our alphas. I tear myself from the mirror. I’d better run, or I’ll be late. I step out, and she runs smack into me, running by herself.
"Ooff!” she gasps, stumbling, but I catch her.
"You okay?" I wonder. She blinks at me, her face going rosy.
"Yes, I’m fine," Jade tells me, a smile creeping on her face. Her face glows. The way her delicate lips smile, her eyes look up to me, and she comes closer to me. The moment is interrupted simply by my mother walking into the hall. Eladia’s dressed as I am, professional and serious for the meeting. Though her make-up is thick I can still see the tired in her. But who could blame her? Despite having Jade so close, she doesn’t make a snide remark or comment. But she nods and then leaves. That might be the first little acknowledgment my mother has given me since this has all gone to hell. Either she’s changed her mind, or she’s given up.
"Are you okay?" Jade asks. I nod my head and promise her a reassuring smile. Everything is going to be fine. The council will see me fit, and I will take my father’s place. I look at Jade. I can do this.
"Ah, there you are,” Richard greets us. Eladia gives him a side-eye but doesn’t speak a word.
"And Hunter, how are you his morning?" Richard greets me next. He’s too excited. My Uncle is like my father. They keep their feelings inside; happiness, sadness, and grief all get buried inside. What is this now?
"Good, and you?" I respond out of courtesy.
"Fine, it is a great day," he responds. He embraces me and pats me on the back. Richard’s voice, his giant hand patting me on the back, it all feels like my father is here again. A pang hits me in the chest, "May the better man win," Richard whispers in my ear. I gawk at him, staring with my jaw hanging open. “Have a seat, the meeting is to begin soon,” Richard calls over his shoulder.
"Miss Schaedler, good to see you,” I greet her.
"Good to see you to Hunter, how have you been fairing?" Ester asks, her old eyes looking into me, expecting to see grief in me.
"I’ve been well. Been better,” I tell Ester, and she gives me a sympathetic look, “and Eric?" I inquire.
"A fine alpha of the pack," Ester assures me with an old, heart-warming smile, “Let’s begin here,” she declares. Richard and I approach the elders.
“Hunter, there are some concerns about you taking on the role of alpha,” Henry begins. I gulp you can do this. “You have claimed that your wolf has rejected Lilly,”
“True,” I confirm this.
“Then who has your wolf claimed?” he inquires. I look between each of the elders. They all watch, expecting an answer like this is something they’ve all been dwelling upon. They already know about Jade. Someone’s running around spreading rumors. No wonder they seemed so interested in her at yesterday’s meeting.
“Jade Atwood,” I declare.
"I wonder just what you care about more. The human you claim to be your mate or your own pack?" Ellen, Brook’s elder, questions, “Your betrothal to my granddaughter would have ensured Brook’s support. And you threw it away,” she seethes through her teeth.
"I care about both equally. I would defend both in any time of emergency,” I answer.
"Strong lad, you are determined,” Ellen Brook notes.
"Or naïve, choices must be made," Henry Lakefall challenges. Another fierce brute, typical Lakefall.
"Please, sir, I believe in myself and my pack. I believe that I can lead my pack and protect the pack," I say, “I’m going to lead this pack to peace,” I promise, “We will defeat the barbarians, and we’ll turn our world and the village into something in which both can survive,” I add.
“Interesting proposal,” Ester Schaedler chuckles, “You might bring about a great change, but at great risks to yourself. Your own happiness, your own life,” she speaks softly.
“Richard,” Ellen Brook calls him forward, "Richard, good to see you as well,” and he shakes hands with each of them.
“Where were you when the barbarians torched the Schaedler’s?” Ester Schaedler inquires.
“What?” Richard blurts out.
“When the barbarians attacked our territory, which since then has become part of the Lakefall’s, Vincent Lakefall was among many of our fiercest. Where were you?” Ester inquires. For such a seemingly kind woman, she has quite the grudge.
“Protecting my family,” Richard states, “A dead man is nothing to his family, his friends, his neighbors if he loses his life in battle,”
“Yes, what would your life be worth if you didn’t know how to take risks and show your valor?” Ester sneers. I bite my lip to keep from making a sound. Laughter bubbles in my chest, but this is the wrong place and time to be laughing. “And where was Hunter when they last attacked and took the Brooks’s eldest daughter?” she adds, but we hear no answer.
“Richard has shown us he uses his head, Madam Schaedler. Hunter has shown he follows his heart,” Ellen Brook suggests, “Do we want to follow our emotions, or do we want to follow logic and reasoning?” she adds.
“Do you think the boy doesn’t have a competent head on his shoulders?” Ester chuckles.
“I think he has a boy’s head on his shoulders. He lacks experience,” Ellen answers, “What say you, Henry? You’ve been quiet,” and the old brute just sighs.
“I am considering my youngest son or my grandson,” Henry states, “Ellen, you have a good point. Experience of time or the valor of one’s heart?” he grumbles.
“Both have good qualities. Our alpha, for the sake of these three packs,” Henry states, eying everyone. He gives an extra-long eyeing at Henry Brook, Eladia Lakefall, and Eric Schaedler, “this might be where we change our disagreements. We need honesty, strength, and kindness,” he goes on. My whole chest lightens with these words. Richard may have strength, but he lacks all other qualities. He is a thieving liar with no moral bravery. He’ll let our fighters die before he even comes near the battlefield. Richard will leave us to our death.
“In strength, we need someone with experience to make wise decisions,” Ellen adds in.
“I put my trust in Richard,” Henry Lakefall decides.
“I put in my trust as well,” Ellen Brook agrees.
“I deny any trust in him,” Ester snaps, “Ellen, you don’t know Richard,”
“I trust his experience. He’s been around longer, seen more wars, and fought more battles,” Ellen states. Richard rises, standing tall.
"I am humbly grateful for your moral decision. I am honored," Richard boats. My heart starts to pound heavily. My chest feels like it’s tightening up. Stay in control. My eyebrow twitches. Stay in control… I should be alpha… Stay in control… Don’t snap.
"I know it’s the beginning of my leadership, but I would like to take my role as alpha quickly to get our pack rolling on a newer golden age," Richard begins, already addressing the pack like he owns it. This is so wrong!
"I believe that we wolves have sat back and bid our time for too long. We must act,” Richard says, “First off, we cannot have a human among us, like her,” he adds, pointing toward Jade.
"Then what do you plan to do with her?" Henry ask.
“She was among the ones kidnapped. So, we will offer her a safe return. When they arrive to take her back, our fighters will surround them. Need I say what follows?" Richard plots, “Let’s end this war immediately,” he decides, and people murmur their approval. Legitimate right, this man is foul and dirty. He will lead us to die. A loud growl tears from my chest. I bare my teeth. GAH, I can’t hold it back. I aim for Richard’s jaw. Guards, no longer mine, rush in to pull me back. Richard grasps his jaw, groaning from the impact.
“Let me go, he is not your alpha!” I snarl.
"Enough, there's no need to push him to the floor," Richard pities me, "he is still the beta of this pack. I will pardon his behavior. Will the Lady Suzah come to join us?”
“Yes, everything has been set as requested,” Ellen explains.
“Suzah? And what of Lilly?” I blurt out without meaning to bother.
“Lilly has been removed from her place, and Suzah shall serve our next alpha,” Richard informs me before Charles can even open his mouth. She must be devastated!
"Well, Hunter, your call," Richard says, a triumphant grin spreading across his face. Jade strides across the floor. One of the guy's restraining me puts his arm in her way. She smacks his arm away, pausing to glare at him before reaching for me.
"Don't fight, please," Jade pleads with me.
“I-,” I start to protest. I’ve lost this fight.
"Fine, do as you wish," I growl through my teeth.
"Excellent choice," Richard chimes, with the smug look of victory lighting up his face.
Chapter Twenty-Four
Overthrown
I groan, rubbing my sleepy eyes. I stretch out my sore back. My chest aches from a hard, rock-solid sleep. My body is sore, but that’s not what woke me. I rub my face. Sleep still clouds my head, but worry for Jade bounces around in my mind.
“Lilly!” someone calls. I frown. “Lilly!” they call again, followed by mad, whiny snarling. There’s no mistaking the sound of wolves fighting. I force myself to sit upright. Sitting there, dazed, I stumble about my room for some clothes. Then, at last, for the door.
“What’s the meaning of-,” I start when I spot Charles, watching the whole fight. His face looks stressed, the way his brows are furrowed tight, lips pressed into a thin line, and deep creases run across his forehead. Snarling, the two wolves roll. One of them on Suzah’s dark, dirty blond fur.
“Lilly-,” Charles starts to call. He stops himself, biting his knuckles. “Don’t kill her,” he murmurs.
“They’re battling for the alpha, are they not?” I ask him, but Charles refuses to hear anything. Even when everyone takes a step back, giving them room to fight, Charles remains where he stands. “Answer me, damn it!” I raise my voice. He jumps like he genuinely didn’t hear me. “They’re battling over the title as alpha?” I assume, and he nods. “Then you did this, removing Lilly’s title,” I remind him. His head snaps my way.
“You think I wanted this madness among our families?” he snaps at me, “This decision came from the elders above me. And they were ill-advised it would seem,” Charles adds, tipping his head toward the fight. Suzah’s on her side, panting hard, the loser of the battle. She coughs, hacking hard and gasping. Lilly pants for her breath, her tongue hanging out covered in fur.
“Who the hell advised the elders of such an ill idea, eh?” I scoff at him, “To put Suzah in charge? She hasn’t the mind to bear that kind of responsibility. She’s too soft, she’d cave,” I criticize him. No, she’s a pride hungry mongrel. Anyone could sway her, change, and will her mind as they pleased.
“Lilly failed her task,” Charles states.
“What task? To be a pawn in a power scheme?” I scoff at him.
“Lilly had a place, and she failed to meet the standards,” Charles snaps at me, “Just because she is my daughter doesn’t mean she is exempt,” Charles yells at me, “On top of that, the elders were promised the if Suzah was put in her place, then the alliance would continue,” Charles informs me.
“Who, the hell said that?” I scoff.
“What on Earth is going on?” Richard’s voice carries out over everyone, interrupting Charle’s and I, probably for the better.. Heads turn, and backs straighten up as their alpha approaches. My nose crinkles. Suzah’s shifts back, her body shriveling back to her former human stature. Charles tears away to throw a coat or something over her bare body. Though, it’s not like anyone’s looking. All eyes are on Richard, his eyes from head to head. He looks from me, then to Lilly.
“Throw her in the basement with the vermin,” Richard orders.
“You will do no such thing. Not to my daughter, you will not put your hands on her,” Charles declares, but everyone steps back. He scans each face, looking for friendly eyes, but all evert their gaze.
“It seems you are few in men, Sir Brooks,” Richards points out as Charles is just noticing.
“What have you done to them? Eh? You sleazy weasel,” Charles swears at him.
“I haven’t done anything,” Richard chuckles, “I merely opened their eyes. That night the Lakefall’s were attacked in our own home. You brushed off the attack of those barbarian savages like it was nothing as your men suffered at the blows of their clubs and the blades of their swords. I merely listened to their concerns,” Richard goes on explaining. He finally stops before Charles. He’s smiling, the light of his pride, drops, “As well as their doubts,” he whispers. Charles’s worried expression changes. He’s only just now realized his position, but so have I.
“Put both, Brook’s child and Hunter in the basement to cool their heads,” Richard demands, “Such disobedience and disrespect shouldn’t be tolerated,” he accuses.
“Who are you to order my pack around?” Charles scoffs, “This is my pack,” he laughs it off as if Richard were a mere joke, but Richard is serious.
“They’ve watched you laugh and cower from everything. You put your oldest daughter in a marriage for the sake of an alliance. Where’s your honor?” Richard sneers, “They’ve watched you belittle the humans, even after they attacked you still laughed and ignored the problems at hand,” Richard criticizes him, “I think they’ve had enough,” he adds. There’s a moment of uncertainty, but they follow Richard’s orders without a word. They rope Lily around the neck. When she snaps at one on the right, a fellow on the left pulls her back in line. I struggle against their authority, but I’m outnumbered and without anywhere to run to. “The rest of you will follow me out. We will set out for war,” Richard decides. All turn their backs on us as they escort us to the basement. Meanwhile, they’re walking out to their deaths.
“Richard, you will have them damned to their deaths and to hell! I call over my shoulder, hoping to raise even an ounce of doubt in their crooked heads.
Chapter Twenty-Five
My Allies and I
Jade:
"How much do you value my life?" I inquire, unable to hold back a reckless giggle. Richard shoves me forward a bit, urging me along.
"I suppose a bit. It's more the value that others have in you, that's what I see so valuable," Richard chides. I shake my head at his jeering smirk, "You see, the barbarian leader seems to fancy you as young Hunter does. And I can bargain my way about with the lady they value," he explains his plot to hand over a few of his own to be workers on their farm. But not only am I to be given away, but Eladia is just behind us. Surely Lilly will eventually follow. If not for his position, as ill-fated by chance, Eric might have been cast to the basement with them. A small hand taps at my shoulder, so I drag my feet along to their pace only to find Eladia catching up to my side.
"The wolf is more like a fox. Weaseled his way in with words of worry and discontent in Sir Brook," Eladia murmurs. I turn my face from her. For what could she want from me now? "Had Richard not undermined Charles, he would have eventually come to see the dangers of the barbarians. And we all would not be in the position we are now," Eladia goes on explaining. I can feel her staring after me. "What is it you want from my son?" she inquires.
"Excuse me?" I blurt out all too harsh before I realize it.
"You two are fond of each other, are you not?" Eladia points out, "what is it you want from him?" she asks again. I continue on my way, walking one step at a time while I think about it. "This is more than just a matter of love. Suzah might have been a dimwit, but both girls offered the promise of pack union," she reminds me, "What have you to offer us?" she inquires. I consider what I could offer. Besides an heir, I haven't any money, nor do I have any land them. I have no political power or supernatural strengths. I don't dare glance at Eladia. I haven't anything to answer or come back with because she's not wrong. This is more than just a hatred for humanity, but a mother protecting her son, and an alpha protecting her pack.
"There," Richard sighs in contentment. Both sides pause to look the other side over, Richard and Tristen. He says something I can't hear from this distance. A thin, average height boy with slightly unkempt hair comes forward. I recognize him, Rico Girvin. He approaches and gives the nod to Richard. Without hesitation, Richard shoves Eladia, and I forward toward Rico. Meanwhile, Richard and Tristen come forward to speak to one another while their respective escorts remain watching their backs.
"Didn't think we'd see you again so soon," Rico admits, faint smile, the first bit of sincerity since I'd first met him on the barbarian farm, "How most unfortunate," he adds with a grimace.
"Is that so," I grumble under my breath.
"For you to be sent to death, like a dog of war," Rico begins. What on Earth is he talking about? And why talk to me? I give him a once over, noticing the scars he hadn't had before. There's one across his forehead like someone got him with a knife, or he bashed his head not too long ago. The skin there is still rather bare and pink. "Funny, we thought we were above the like of you and the wolf child. Now we're here, standing on the edge of a war Tristen keeps egging on. At the rate he's going, I imagine we'll all be put to death in this war of his," Rico mutters.
"Funny it is, I guess," I scoff, shaking my head, "What goes around comes around," I whisper, an irritable fierceness burning in my stomach. I can't forget Jina, Rico, and Adriana's bullying so easily.
"I'm sorry," Rico whispers, looking straight at me.
"I can't-," I begin when Rico makes a gesture for silence. "What?" I snap at him, earning a harsh glare from both Rich and Tristen for our quiet.
"Don't you hear that?" Rico tries to point out something, but I don't. There isn't a sound to be heard over Tristen and Richard talking. The two have been discussing plans, wagering over a couple of workers and food from the Lakefall's in return for leaving the town alone.
"I don't hear, but I do smell," Eladia agrees.
"Get down!" Rico suddenly calls, throwing himself at me and knocking both Eladia and me to the dirt. Something soars beyond us three, leaping over. Its fur wavering through the air, paws outstretched, and jaws open wide. Leonel wrenches Tristen back. The two narrowly scrape by without getting their heads taken off. Drawing swords, the two wolves spinning around to face them as several others begin to crawl forward at the barbarian's flanks. Richard's face scrunches with rage. Richard lunges, his heavy feet slamming down on Tristen's arms as the brute knocks the man down.
"Tristen!" Leonel yells. He winces, looking away from Richard tearing into the barbarian. With that move, everyone launches into the battle. Several go after the savage that is Richard but find the wolf much faster against three than expected. I run for Tristen. His blood already saturates the dirt heavily. It's too late, he's bled out too much and is too far gone. Someone falls not too far, their weapon sliding across the dirt. I reach out for the rough, grainy, wooden handle of a rather heavy ax. A low, nerve unraveling growl catches my attention. I look up at the wolf coming near, Richard's brown eyes fixated on me. I rise to my feet, the ax in hand. If I'm to die out here, let me fight before I go down. I nod to myself for reassurance. Richard snorts as if amused. He circles about, eyes searching for an excellent point to take advantage of.
"Richard?" I murmur, and he growls. This is where either he kills me or I might injure him enough to protect my own life. I size him up. With his weight, the very first lunge will be a one-shot kill if I let him get to me. Richard springs forward. I raise the ax. He darts left. I bring the blade down and miss him. It's as the blade misses that Richard rushes me, and I haven't the strength or speed to raise and swing the edge again. I angle the handle such that it stands between me and Richard's massive wolf teeth. We both go down. I struggle to keep Richard back. The handle creaks. He presses forward, his hot breath on my shoulders. "GAH!" I struggle, straining to keep the wolf at bay. You're going to die, Jade Atwood, you will be eaten by this brute savage. My arm aches under strain. I glance at the blade. I still have it angled toward Richard. The left side of the handle goes down, and the right knocks right into his head. I hit him with the blade, drawing blood out. Richard rears back, howling, yiping and yelping his pain for all-around to hear. The weight off my chest lifts, allowing me to roll over and regain my balance. "Get back here!" I call after him, but someone grabs my shoulder. I tear myself away and turn on them with the ax.
"Let him go, or next time you'll meet your end," Eladia snaps at me. We both stare at the other, wide-eyed and suddenly tight-lipped.
"And why do you care?" I snap at her.
"Because Hunter would be devastated, and if my son were here, none of this would have happened," Eladia believes. I nod and follow along behind her, away from the chaos.
Hunter:
"They'll go out to battle and have their damn heads taken out," I swear.
"Yes, you've made that perfectly clear," Lilly complains. I circle about the prison. Lilly has given up and is standing in the corner. Scuttling around her feet, in water leaking from who knows where a mouse darts by. Has this place always been this filthy? I study the walls and the floor. In all honesty, I've never given the basement so much as a second glance. It was my grandfather's decision to take over the human's village and his word that put them into servitude like this. It absolutely reeks of piss and sweat. This is what my father built and what my uncle wants to keep going. I shake my head. I suppose if Richard hadn't thrown me down here, this is what I would have kept going. I feel the rough, dirty stone walls. They're cold and grainy feeling. It's a whole different world down here versus the home upstairs.
"This place is hell," I breathe aloud.
"Our life is hell," Lilly mutters. I grab hold of the bar imprisoning us in the cell. My muscles strain and the metal digs into my palms. It starts to groan. My arm shakes. My arm aches, and the metal isn't budging. "You're going to hurt yourself," Lilly warns me, "Save your strength. Jade will need you," she adds.
"How did this come to this?" I complain, my head reeling with this madness. If I'd listened to father, maybe it wouldn't have come to this? I drop my head against the wall. If I'd remained with Lilly, then perhaps Richard wouldn't have overthrown Henry… No, Henry still would have gone out into battle.
"For what it's worth, I'm sorry for what happened to your father," Lilly tells me. I nod my head in silence, "But you need to look ahead. You cannot change the past, but you can change the future," she reminds me, offering me a faint smile.
"I can't change the future if I'm stuck in here," I complain. A door opens down the hall, shedding some light further down the hallway. I back off the cell bars, pressing myself in the corner opposite from Lilly. We look to each other, both of us wide-eyed, knowing Richard's returning. What will he do with us next? I bite my tongue to keep from opening my big mouth. Neither are in a good place right now to fight back. Perhaps, if he opens the cell, I should launch myself at him. Maybe Lilly would back me up, and we could overpower the brute? His footsteps approach, coming this way. However, the fellow isn't the muscular brute, but a leaner tall figure.
"Eric," Lilly realizes as he turns toward us.
"Eric?" I mutter. His scent is lost in the basement stench, but I recognize my friend's face in disbelief. "What are you doing here? The others went out-," I wonder.
"Except the lowly Schaedler's since we aren't strong enough to look at twice," Eric scoffs, rolling his eyes, "Richard left us behind, giving us time to get ready," he adds.
"Ready for what?" Lilly questions.
"Ready to fight," I answer.
"We must hurry. Richard is bargaining over several of ours in return for the barbarians to give us peace," Eric begins, "Your mother is among them, being a traitor to Richard," he warns me. Shit, that flaming bastard. I take a deep breath and nod in understanding. Between Eric, Lilly, and I, we manage to get one of the bars to bend finally. We head upstairs, bustling with the Schaedler's hurrying out behind Eric. There aren't many Schaedler's going to fight, maybe but four or five wolves. With Richard in control, we don't have many Lakefall's either.
"Never mind our numbers, we haven't time to spare either," Lilly points out, seeing my puzzled looks. I nod in agreement. Neither does Jade or my mother. Their lives are in peril right now.
"Let's move," I call out. We start out for Richard's direction of travel. We come closer, and this smell starts blowing this way. For a moment, I catch Richard's scent. In the cold, the smell is weak, but it smells like blood.
"This is going to be ugly," Eric warns me. I nod along with him. Unease rumbles in my stomach. A wolf darts by, streaking blood across the forest floor. It's gone as fast as it appeared, but the sight is startling. Something or someone must have hit him hard. What have we just walked into?
"Lakefall, what do you propose?" someone behind Eric asks. Their taut jaw, eyes glaring into my skull, for some idea, or what we're to do.
"Break up this fighting, keep the bloodshed to a minimum. Richard's bloody nightmare comes to an end today," I decide. Several heads nod before they rush forward, their clothes tearing and bodies shifting into wolves. Eric and Lilly leap into the battle next. Their heavy paws hit the ground, throwing themselves into the fold. Eric darts forward, messy blond furry body but a streak across the forest floor. A large, burly red-furred wolf approaches this younger boy wielding a dagger, with a baby pink scar running across his forehead. That red wolf lunges, snapping awfully close to the boy's wrist. The boy struggles, straining, but his strength is failing. He drops the dagger. The wolf notices Eric's scent coming for him. He turns with lips curled high in a nasty snarl. The wolf twists to grab him by the shoulder, but Eric goes for the belly, spinning and throws him aside. Eric straightens up, towering above the young boy. He simply nods his head, which gets a smirk or realization from the boy, hopefully realizing we're here as friends.
I chuckle to myself. Friends today, but will we be friends tomorrow? My nose twitches. There, running through the woods, I see Eladia and Jade.
"Jade!" I call out and start for them, barreling through anyone that dares put themselves in my path. Another wolf is approaching them from behind.
"Jade!" someone else's voice reaches them through the yelling and snarling. I recognize Leonel, one of the barbarians. Leave her alone! I push forward, but two hefty barbarians latch onto my arms. A third, storms up once I'm bound and slugs me in the gut. My eyes dart about, unable to focus. Everything flickers from Jade to the ground. I scramble to keep upright on my own two feet. Focus on Jade. Think of Jade. Think of Mother, your pack, and your family. I strain hard to throw myself forward. I'm stuck. Leonel stands before Eladia and Jade, not facing them, but facing this wolf approaching. Its fur is streaked with mud and drying blood. It snarls, showing off these big, ugly, old teeth. Its tail, caked in mud, hangs low to the ground. Eladia pulls Jade back behind herself, keeping the girl behind her own body as Leonel keeps the two of them behind himself. His wretched scent finally reaches me through the mess that coats his light brown, dirt-blackened fur. Richard taunts Leonel. Leonell swings a sword, giving into his plays; sweat soaks his hair, rolling down his neck. He's not much cleaner than Richard, and probably much more exhausted. Richard starts forward again, snapping his teeth.
"JA!" Leonel makes his massive, clumsy swing after the wolf, missing and striking the ground. Richard's heavy foot slams down on the flat side of the sword, and Leonel drops it. The wolf rushes in, seeing his opportunity.
"No!" Jade cries out, tearing herself from Eladia. My mother reaches out after her. Where in the heavens did she get that ax! I drop my weight after much struggle. One of my left goes down. I leap back up, throwing my fist under his jaw. His head snaps back with a click. I throw his weight off into the woman about to slug me in the stomach again. Finally, I throw the other off, rip myself free, and take off running. Jade holds this ax between herself and Richard. Fire ignites in my spine, burning with renewed energy. Hang on, Jade. That energy burns through my veins, shifting bones into place as my inner wolf comes free. I come in from the side while Richard's attention is hanging on Jade. I launch myself at his back, biting and fighting to bring the old brute down. Richard, despite his injuries, shakes me off.
"You should have stayed at home, boy. It's not your place," Richard complains.
"Not my place? You will pay for crossing the lines. For usurping my father and taking my place as alpha. For usurping Brook's pack. How dare you," I challenge.
"I would have let you live, child. You did not have to come out here just to die," Richard sneers at me.
"I came to set things right. And you will be sorry you underestimated Hunter Lakefall, son of the late Henry Lakefall," I seethe, snarling and baring my teeth. Richard launches at me, trying to knock me down with his massive paws. I back off, keeping my balance. We pace by the other, growling and showing off our teeth. Richard whirls around, and I meet his attack on my hind legs. He bats at me with a huge paw, overgrown nails scratching at me. His teeth clip my muzzle. I cry out at the burning that runs across my head. I retreat, but Richard charges in. We clash again, twisting and circling around, trying to get a good bite out of the other. He angles his body, trying to protect the wounded shoulder. It looks like he's already crossed someone with a sword or an ax. Richard's ear twitches, noticing the lean, long blonde furred wolf coming in after his flank. He immediately kicks at Lilly, snapping his teeth in warning. I take the opportunity to latch onto his already wounded shoulder, and Richard howls for dear life right in my ear. He writes, alligator-rolling to get away, and kicking at anything he can to run away. Lilly rushes in, snapping at his back legs. Richard tries to roll some more, his head outstretched to catch one of my legs, exposing his throat. I step on one of his ears and go after his throat. Richard spasms, struggling only for a few seconds until his suffering is over. And now perhaps some of our pains shall be over. I take a deep breath, and survey the area. The woods is stained red from the raw carnage. It is the painting of death, slowing and quieting as the winners regain their footing. A feel that fire in my bones again, I let my human body surface. I gasp, taking in the sight of it all, and catching my breath. There's much to be done that must be spoken. Someone comes up from behind, and I feel soft fabric cloak my bare shoulders.
"Thank you," I mutter under my breath. Taking another deep breath, realizing it's Jade when she wraps her arms around me. Before I even know it, she buries her face against my chest. I straighten up, turning before the barbarian in our midst rising to his feet. Wolves and humans alike lay across the forest floor. The survivor's step around them, carrying the wounded forward. "Haven't we had enough?" I inquire. Leonel glances around from face to face, perhaps counting the faces and grimaces.
"For now, we've shed much of each other's blood," Leonel reminds us. He's not wrong. They've slaughtered much of Eric's family and my own. We have too many differences and have fought too long to drop it all behind us. I ball up my fists at my sides.
"You were following Tristen, were you not?" Jade suddenly speaks up.
"True, Tristen has always led us into battle," Leonel agrees "He's protected and lead the way,"
"Then why can't you be different?" Jade inquires, raising eyebrows, "You don't have to follow his lead," she suggests. Leonel steps forward, hands on his hips and chin held.
"You've lived among these wolves. Would you give your word for their lives?" Leonel wonders. Jade loos from me and then to the bodies slew about, and then to the faces gathered around. She finally finds Eladia, as if she'd been searching for her to begin with. Eladia flashes a faint smile.
"Yes, all I have to offer them is my word, and I would give it for their lives," Jade promises.
"Well then, maybe this is the start for peace?" I propose. Everyone's watching and listening. No one dares steps in for the wrong move, or even an innocent move might be mistaken for another fight.
"This is not the time for peace," Leonel scoffs, glaring at me, "There's much to be done before we have our peace, but it is the beginning so that one day we may find peace," he explains. I feel Jade at my side let out a deep breath.
"Then the fighting stops today," I offer, and Leonel responds with an acknowledging nod. For the first time, and never did I think it possible, but I shake a barbarian's hand in agreement. A lightness spreads across my chest like a weight's being lifted. Everything's going to be okay, everything is going to be fine.
"Hunter," Jade's voice wakes me from my daze, filling my sights with just her. So, I cup her face in my hands and bring my lips to hers. She freezes, perhaps startled by my sudden affections, but I feel her lean in against me. And damn Eric, growling low and bringing my mind back to reality.
"We will be in touch then," Leonel interrupts, bringing me back to reality. Leonel chuckles, with an amused smirk spreading across his face, "Let us both nurse our wounds, and we will begin talking," he promises before we both part ways. We start for home, and as do they. I lean in on Jade, and she one me, hand in hand.
From the Author
Hello awesome readers,
Thank you so much for supporting one of my works. This novel was previously published on Wattpad some years ago. When I went searching through my old jobs, I came back to this story and feel that this story was an excellent candidate to further work on. Funny, after maybe two months, I’d reached the final chapter and decided to can the last chapter. It went maybe a few more months of contemplation and thinking of other story ideas that I almost canned this story altogether. I came back, having had some time away, with fresh eyes again and finished the first edit. After a few more full-edits, scans, and reviews, we finally have the story you just finished reading.
Thank you for reading and supporting my writing!
M. Inks

If you feel inspired, I would love your most honest review. Thank you for your time!
goodreads.com/author/show/15490495.M_Inks
Inkswriting.wordpress.com







