



The Seasons May Drift
by
Jess O’Connell

Copyright and License Notice

Thank you for downloading this free book. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted
property of the author and may not be reproduced, copied and/or distributed for commercial or non-
commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your continued support
A Smashwords Publication

All images designed and created by Jess O’Connell

Copyright 2012 by Jess O’Connell

All Rights Reserved


Dedication

Over the years I have been inspired creatively by so many people. Some have inspired me to paint or to play music. But in all of my life I had never known so much joy, love, laughter, happiness and so much inspiration as I have but from one man whom I have been truly blessed to have known. 
Throughout the many years I had known Carl, there was always an abundance of creativity. He was a digital media specialist and involved with many companies on a creative level over many years. His enthusiasm for what he did always shone through. His passion for creativeness, research and always seeking fresh ideas, instilled in me the same. He always encouraged me, was very supportive of my writing and when my first book was published.
He was not only a great friend but also someone who had always remained close to my heart. This is my thank you to him.
It is with the greatest respect that I dedicate this book ‘The Seasons May Drift;’ for, to and with, in loving and in fond memory of
 Carl Cropley
...’And Relax’



The Seasons May Drift by Jess O’Connell




Contents
1.  The Lost Island of Nobody!
2.  A Crowded Room.
3.  Expect the Unexpected in Unexpected ways!...
4.  When all else fails...
5.  New Directions.
6.  Tomorrows Dream...
7.  Destiny, Fate or Whatever...
8.  Finding Foundation...
9.  From Now On
10. Loves Reverie
11. Falling
12. Non
13. Returning
14. Rambleback
15. Down to Earth
16. Musing
17. Epoch
18. Recollection of Pieces
19. Times Essence
20. At Kroyton
21. Source Illuminate
22. Stationary
23. Core Mending
24. Recall
25. Restoration
Epilogue

Preface

It was a memory of gazing at the night sky some nine years ago, that I got the idea for this story. That night, the sky was crystal clear as were the stars shimmering in their multitude. 

My imagination was set on fire and although I didn’t get to write the story then, I have now, and am I delighted to present this, my first novel ‘The Seasons May Drift’ and my first indulgence in fantasy romance.

I hope you will enjoy reading it, every bit as much as I have enjoyed writing it. 


‘Through the clouds of the sky, by the stars of the night, she could see only one light!’




Chapter One

The Lost Island of Nobody!

She sat gazing out the window, pressing her forehead against the cool glass. It was raining; the droplets pattered against the glass, trailing their way down in tiny streams. It was just another rainy day in Forest Glen. 

The window was misty from the fog of her breath on the cool pane. Wiping the moistness with the palm of her hand, she could just make out the low lying clouds over the mountain in the distance. The dark waters of the inlet bay and the tiny dotted houses nestling in the curve of the lands edge near the shore line, out further on from the bay was the ocean.
Ems was her on a break, a break with her ex's mother. A time when she wanted to forget the past, move on. A time for her own healing. Even though she enjoyed Mo's company and loved her dearly, she was still her ex's mother. Mo a woman in her seventies totally amazing for her age, hardy and headstrong, a woman with set old fashioned values. She had tightly curled short hair, wore glasses and always a gold cross necklace, and flat American shoes. She cooked country style too!

Over the course of the time at Forest Glen, Emma realised how much more there was too life. How she enjoyed running along the small country side roads, often these would take her to the small beach, where sometimes she would cry, as she couldn't figure her place in the world. 
A lost island of nobody in a world full of others who knew her not...but where was...where was love in all of this?! Was it out there among the hills, the mountains, beyond the sea, beyond the horizon, beyond the sunset? Her dreams would carry her to beyond what she could see in front of her, the small inlet bay, the distant town, the rolling sea to beyond the shores line. The horizon was out there! She moved away strands of hair that were blowing in her face, as she looked out across the bay to the sea as it kissed the ocean and drifted away to beyond the horizon. ''If only!'' she said out loud... She was a bit startled by the loudness of her voice and quickly looked around to see if anyone was about who may have over heard her and mistake her for someone who had ‘lost their marbles,’ but no one was about. She stayed there for a while, having lost track of time only realising how late it was getting when she saw the rotation of light, from a distant lighthouse, shining brighter than before. As she made her way back to the cottage, she looked out across the bay one more time and saw Riverville's town lights twinkling in the distance. So lovely!

A few days later, Ems would be returning home. It was her last night and it would be back to the city, away from the peace and tranquillity she had found here. From her bedroom window she would gaze out nightly, tonight was extra special as this would be the last time she would see this view. The moonlight casting its magic on the water, the sparkling lights of Riverville, the disappearing and reappearing car lights as they travelled across the mountain in the distance. The lighthouse, and above...the night clouds parting as the stars emerged. One bright star twinkled. Ems closed her eyes and wished upon it, as a tear trailed down her cheek she didn't want a life of nothing, she wanted a life of something, but she didn't know what exactly. She let go the curtain, it fell back into place, climbing into the cool cotton sheets. The moon light streamed through, breaking the curtains block. She closed her eyes and drifted away to dream of something, something nice maybe...

Chapter Two

A Crowded Room


The train chugged its way into the station. The heat of the seat stuck through her jeans. She retrieved her luggage from the rack and was relieved to get out into the cool crisp September air. There won't be much food in the fridge, she thought, on the bus on the way home. The house was in such a state when she left for her break with Mo. Her bed would still be full of clothes and the dishes needed washing...she could not be bothered since she was too tired that to do them. She slept on the sofa that night, with a plan to tackle them the following day.
The day after she came home, she had thought of going back to class and finishing up her photography course. 
Was it something to look forward too? Maybe! She gathered together the equipment and was ready for first day back to college. Tom at the office welcomed her and so did Kelly. The class was as always fun and friendly, but also had an atmosphere of competitiveness! Challenges and weekly home assignments were the order. A, Mrs Devon presided over this bunch! Ems fellow students fell into varying age groups. Ben and Alice were the friendliest, often going for some brunch after class with Ems. All in competitive spirit of course! The topic of conversation was usually the next assignment, and this week’s assignment, photographing the night sky! 
‘That means a trip out in the dark somewhere!' Alice mused, as she took a sip of white wine,  ‘and on a clear night!' 
'Yeah,’ Ben followed on, 'probably some spooky forest with evil magic in it!’ With that he got up and made some ghost like actions near Alice’s face! Alice wasn't amused, as she never liked dark secluded forests even if it was for college assignments taking a field trip to such a place late at night to do photography of the moon or other scenery was definitely not her thing!
Ems was getting tired, bid her excuses and left for home. She had to think what would be the best place for the assignment. She looked up some local maps and came across, The Honadas Lake. The drive to Honadas Lake would be not easy as it involved driving through dimly lit secondary roads, which led to a small wooded area and just beyond that was the lake. It was a secluded spot, rarely disturbed, which was perfect for what she had in mind! 


Chapter Three
Expect the Unexpected in Unexpected ways!

Ems stood looking up at the crescent moon. It had been a dull night but the sky was clearing. She noted the chill since her breath fogged the air momentarily before dissipating. She looked up and saw some twinkling stars. It was amazing! The moon reflected its glow on the rippling waters of the lake. It was such a picture of perfect serenity, tranquillity, a haven away from her daily life.
A World away!
She took some more photographs of the sky, moving the tripod for the seventh time. As she focused the lens, she noticed through the viewer, one star in particular shone more than the rest. She focused the zoom closer. Through the viewer she could see it was in some motion but she could not figure out why that 
would be! It showed no signs of traversing the sky like a shooting star, or a comet even! All ideas were not tangible. It didn't make sense. It just defied logic! 
Over the next few nights, during her photographic sessions, she noticed the star, still shining brightly as ever, and still moving! She did ask some fellow students about it, and if any had noticed it. No one had!
Looking at the developed prints, nothing appeared out of the ordinary.
Sitting at her desk, for a few minutes she looked out the window, gazing up at the sky. Wondering what it was like to be beyond the clouds! She was always the dreamer, the romantic dreamer, and was always brought back to earth by some unkind remark from some people who used to say bad things about her when she was young.
The temperature of the class room seemed warmer than usual for this time of the year despite the heating being turned off and the cold frosting in the air made it seem all the more stranger. Putting on her coat, she signalled to Ben that she was leaving. He waved back. Catching the bus home was a difficult thing at the best of times, mostly because she left the college when everyone else seemed to be heading home at the same time. The queues were always to the corner of the path. Finally reaching home, she placed her bags on the kitchen table and opened the fridge door; the coolness of the bottled water was welcoming. 
‘How is this in the middle of September?! Perhaps a weather fluke or global warming!!
Computers and the internet were just like everything else stubborn, and prone to meltdowns! She had planned a piece to write a piece about the art of taking photographs and some of her assignment when no page would load for her! The online notebook draft was not cooperating.
'Argh!' she bellowed out!
 The wind chimes outside began to make their music, it reminded her of fairies and magical powers. She smiled to herself, remembering wearing a fairy pink party dress when she was six and making a mess with some glitter pots all over the house. She would dance her way around waving her magic wand. And the old magic fairy hallow oak tree stump that she stood in and made a wish, closing her eyes tight, crossing her fingers, wishing with all her might! The tree bark was rotten and full of tiny bug holes but it was so magical back then when she was a child.
Deciding the online notebook was taking far too long to sort out; she couldn't decide what to do, except sign up to an online global chat service just for this once, just for now.  It was all pretty straight forward! It wasn't long before she got some messages from people she didn’t know, but every once in a while she checked to see if she could access the online notebook she had been using on and off for assignments and found it very handy, but it was still down and still taking ages!
On the main chat channel she was laughing at the silly things people were saying, then she got direct messages from two men, who had daft user names, she closed each one down...She checked her online notebook, it was up and ready. She was about to close the chat website when...
'Hello there, how are you?'
She looked at the name, rolled her eyes at the name of’ Bold as Brass,’ she decided to just look at his profile same as she had done with the others. But for some reason...she saw something...something different...something... She smiled at the confusion. His profile picture was of him sitting in a park on a sunny day, with a big smile on his face, which Ems thought was nice. He had written a lot of things on his profile page.  Ems considered whether to chat with him or not, she had wanted to get on with her writing but seemed held back by her quizzical curious nature.
‘Oh what the hell!'... and hit the keyboard a reply to him.
‘I'm good thank you. How are you? ...she waited for a reply.’
‘I'm great. Did you have a good day? he asked.’
‘Yes I did thanks and how about yourself?’ She didn’t wait for his reply, just added. ‘Well I must be going as the website is up and running now!’
‘Ok!’ he said seemingly surprised at her seemed sudden words of departure.
‘Well have a good day and chat again soon.’
‘Thanks you too, have a good day’...
‘Bye’ she said
‘Bye’
That was it...she closed the chat site down ...and sat not moving but rather staring at the screen for a few seconds, shrugged her shoulders and then went about tackling the project. 


Chapter Four 

  When all else fails...
College was as busy as ever with some surprise assignments, mostly filling her diary up. She had met Alice on her own for lunch that Tuesday, they had all noted Bens absence from class.
 'Oh he’s down with the flu!’ Alice blurted before taking a huge bites out of the double cheeseburger, 'just hope...it’s not doing the rounds!' she said, speaking between chewing!
Taking a napkin and placing it on her lap Ems, took a small sip of the fizzy watery orange. She looked up at Alice with her long curly gingery hair all neatly held together in high chignon. The glasses she wore made her look older then she was, perhaps that's why she wore them, Ems thought.
'So what’s been happening with you?' Alice asked as she took another mouthful of burger. 
‘'Oh nothing much it’s been the same really but the only thing I did different in the last two weeks was joining an online chat room.' 

Alice sat upright with a quizzical expression. 
'I never thought I would do it!' Ems added.
'It’s typical though when I am trying to do something I always seem to get side tracked, but there were some weird guys on there, except I think, perhaps one, maybe, I dunno!’ Ems shrugged her shoulders. ‘He seemed kind of niceish I suppose!' 
Alice looked surprise, 'Are you thinking of going into the chat room again?'
'I don’t know, maybe,’ Ems giggled. ‘Well I haven't been on it for two weeks now since I joined. We'll see!'
Over the next few days she attended college, wrote out reports and finished daily assignments. Though one evening instead of watching television, she switched her laptop on and was beginning to write out a report on photography when she thought about the chat room again.
'....Oh what harm can it do!' she spoke out loud as she keyed in her username and password.
She wasn't a minute in the chat room when 'ding!' a new tab opened ...and there he was 'BoldasBrass!!'
‘Hello. How are you? Haven’t seen you on here in a while!’
‘Oh! I have been busy,’ she replied.
‘That’s good. It is good to be busy!’
‘Yes it is.’ 
‘My name is Max! What is yours?
 ‘Ems short for Emma of course!’
He sent a ‘laughs out loud’ and then added. ‘That’s a nice name.’ She thanked him
‘Where are you from?’ Ems queried.
‘Flowing Green, Ravelham.’ ‘What about yourself?’
‘Veorina, Marlin City.’ She replied.
‘Oh very nice!’ he exclaimed.
‘How are things there?’
‘Fine and you?’
‘Good. Thanks.’
Ems looked at the clock on her laptop and cringed. It was way too late to write the report now and right now, she just wanted to continue the conversation, for some reason!
‘What do you work at?’
‘I work at The Architect’s Place,’ was his reply.
‘Oh my. Really?!’
‘Yes’, he said.
'Awesome!’ She exclaimed excitedly. She loved his type of job, one she had always admired.
‘What do you do?’ he asked
‘I’m currently in college at the moment studying photography. I am hoping to attain a degree masters in it!’
‘Very nice! Do you enjoy college?’
‘Yes, I have a lot of projects and assignments to do on a daily basis. It is fun.’
‘Hey that’s good. Do you like music?’ he replied.
‘Love it. I like lots of genres, so throw me a few artists you like and I will tell you.’
‘Hee hee!’ How’s about the 60’s, 70’s and 80’s bands?’
‘Love them all. Brilliant! Got some in my cd collection. I particularly like the 80’s!’
‘Same here’ he replied.
‘What about movies?’ she asked
‘Love them! Got lots of favourites and a multitude of videos!’
‘Great!’
Later Ems felt her eyes were like as if they had little cement bricks on the lids...she couldn’t stay awake and bid good night to him
‘Night and chat again soon,’ he said.
‘Night,’ she replied
‘Bye x.’
‘Bye.’Two days later Ems was crossing the path towards Milford, when she stumbled on the edge of the kerb, ‘Ouch!!’ Oh My God!' As she sat down on the edge of the path and held onto her ankle. A passer-by saw her predicament and hailed a taxi for her. 
'Are you alright Miss?' asked a bearded man in his 50's wearing a fishing jacket and khaki styled trousers; he helped Ems into the taxi. She shook her head as the pain seared through her ankle. He told the driver 'Take her to Park East Hospital. 'It seemed like ages before she got to the hospital, she thought she would pass out with the pain. 
A nurse took hold of her arm and motioned Ems to move out of the cab into a wheelchair. After she was treated she was yet again, in another taxi, this time on her way to her mother’s house. She had called her mother and asked to stay over just for the night as she didn't want to be on her own just for now, with the way her ankle was!


Chapter Five

 New Directions

'Did they tell you what it was?' she asked as she leaned down to open the oven door, taking a hot browned apple pie out and placing it onto a wire tray. 
‘A torn ligament,’ Ems looked down at the bandaged lumpy bulbous ankle; ‘I will be out of action where college assignments are for the next couple of weeks too! She continued, ‘that and I don't know about college either as I won't be able to get around, the crutch hurts under my arm like a devil!’ 
Man this sucks!' she thought to herself.
Ems mother gave her a comforting hug, 'You can stay with me for as long as you like you know! 'Ems smiled through her discomfort 'Thanks mum, I may just take you up on that offer!' Her mother smiled back. Her light greying tightly curled permed hair, grey eyes and a smile that would light up any room. Ems mother, Amelia, now in her sixtieth year was of country heritage. Amelia’s mother  was also a powerhouse of a woman very traditional in every sense and very strong willed. Amelia though wasn't as traditional, but she had qualities that would remind Ems of her grandmother. 
Cooking and baking were a tradition in the family, and sometimes Ems would bake for her friends, when they would come over for a visit. They loved her homemade apple pie, a recipe handed down through three generations of the family. The apples were always cut to chunky size with hints of sweetness. ‘Moreish!’ was how one friend described Ems apple pie! Spending time at her mums to recoup was all well in good, but it meant that she could not go out and do regular stuff. But perhaps writing some articles on photography would be a good idea. 
In the midst of her writing, she took a break and went online to the chat website. He wasn’t in the room! Ems felt for some reason a little disappointed, which she tried to analyse, but understanding her feelings right now was not a good thing for her. Because it didn't make sense! She didn't know the guy personally or anything. So why would she miss him?! In the middle of her own questioning, a familiar name Bold as Brass appeared in the tab bar on the site. It was him!!...She felt a small rush of relief wash through her.
‘Hi, how are you?’ He asked.
‘Hello, I’m ok but staying at my mums for a while, since I hurt my ankle!
‘Oh My God! Are you ok? What happened?’  He wrote. ‘Come chat to me on AIM my account name is: maxkenndall. I can add you there if you have an account? If not I can make one for you or you can make one yourself. I would like to talk with you.’ Ems sat and looked at the screen. For some reason this guy seemed interested in how she felt. She wondered about it and whether she should if at all create this AIM account! What would be the risk in doing so? After a few moments of hesitation she decided to give it a go. In just under five minutes she had the account set up and seconds later, he was there in the chat box. Bold as Brass was no longer and here he was, Max, and not some shying hidden unknown person. He was here chatting with her.  He repeated his request for her to explain what had happened! She responded in answer to his question, plus he could see her typing the words out, as it was for him when he was typing. This was all new but yet exciting Ems thought and yet..,
A voice suddenly sounded in the room, ‘Would you like a cuppa?’ Amelia snuck her head round the door.‘ I'm just putting kettle on.’
Ems nodded her head. She looked down at her ankle from where she was sitting on her bed...thinking of Max.
'So you're to blame for this' ...and smiled.
A day later Ems sat staring at her phone. She wondered at the dilemma and what could possibly go wrong if she did do it! This was not an easy choice, something’s were, but this was like borderline going a personal route and being in normal contact. Max had given her his phone number and left it with her to text him or not. He never asked for hers, just casually gave his while saying he would love to her from her and to drop him a text if she liked! He had included the fact that she didn’t have too if she didn’t want to text him, and that he would understand. So here she was, having written a small text to him and wondering whether to press the send key! ‘Ah go on do it, what harm could there be?!’She spoke out loud and with that, pressed 'send' key! She leapt off of the bed she had been sprawling on and got up awkwardly, she felt her ankle complain.
'Ouch!' and promptly sat back on the bed, grabbing her ankle.
 Within minutes an envelope symbol appeared on the screen.
‘Hey Ems are you havin’ a nice Sunday?’
She smiled at the message and sent him one back.
She waited for a reply, but didn’t get any.
For the rest of the day Ems pondered if she had made a mistake and that by giving him her phone number if  did she done the right thing?! After turning the lamp off, she closed her eyes and pulled the duvet above her ears. 
‘I'll think about that tomorrow,’ she thought.

Chapter Six
Tomorrows Dream...

A few weeks later, her ankle now less painful, she took a few hobbling steps in the kitchen to put the kettle on. While doing so, he phone rang in the sitting room. By the time she got to the phone whoever it was had rung off. Then just as she dropped the phone onto the sofa, it rang again!
‘Hello!’
'Hi there!' answered a deep warm rich male voice. ‘How are you?’
It suddenly dawned on her that she was speaking with Max! Oh my! She thought. For some reason she could feel the immediate pulsing rush of blood through her veins. Her heart seemed to be in her ears as she felt it thump quickly! ...
Wait! How can I be like this?! What’s wrong with me?! She thought in a fraction of a second!
‘I'm good,’ she replied, trying not to sound over excited like a school girl! ‘And how are you?’
‘Good too. You havin’ a nice day?’ 
She was about to reply when the phone cut out! She looked at her phone. It was dead! The battery had run out! She had forgotten to charge it earlier!
‘DRAT! OH MY GOD!’ she exclaimed out loud. Frustration now set in! Where was the charger?!  She hobbled and even attempted to run upstairs, eventually finding it next to her bed. She plugged the phone in and pressed the phone to turn it on. It wouldn't come on! 
‘OH MY GOD!’ She exclaimed again!
It just simply would not come on.
She hobbled back downstairs,  put her laptop on and sent him an email. She was so embarrassed and so frustrated that right in the middle of his first phone call to her, her battery had died! The frustration stayed with her the rest of the day, until she found her email inbox had a message. It was from him!
From: maxkenndall@mail.com
‘Hi I had an idea it was something like that. Don’t worry its ok. We will talk again soon.’
He signed with his name followed by a single x mark.
Ems let out a deep breath of relief. She had been so worried about it and found there was nothing to worry about at all! 
Starting back to college after her ankle incident was good, which was now healed, she could take her mind of the increasing thoughts about Max. Also because she had not heard from him for the past few days, tt seemed strange. Lots of conversations had taken place but suddenly nothing but silence.
She had looked online for him, but someone told her he was away somewhere, most likely work related! She felt although they were chatting, she really didn't know this guy. He seemed a mystery! The silence stretched over five days. 

Ems sat on the floor of the sitting room talking with Alice and surrounded by a mountain of books from the shelf she had been cleaning.
‘So you haven't heard a squeak out of this guy?' Alice asked while pressing a cup of tea to her lips.
‘No and I am not going to leave any messages for him either! What’s the point? I don’t even know him really and I don't even know why I am feeling the way I do!' Ems picked up a book and placed it back on the shelf when suddenly her mobile sounded. It was a text.
‘I'm guessing, replied Alice, it’s because you like him. Well like him a bit more than you ought too!' she grinned!
 Ems picked up the phone in a nonchalant manner.
Her hand immediately flew to her chest...It was HIM!!
'Hi I'm back,' the text read... 'I missed you. I missed chatting with you. I will ring you a bit later. Hope you are good,’ and signed off with a kiss.
Ems felt as though the world had been lifted from her shoulders.
Alice laughed and reached for Ems forearm, ‘You ok? Looks like you’re smitten by this Max person!’ she smiled.
‘Oh I don’t know. I just don’t get why I’m reacting the way I do. I haven’t met him yet. Oh gee...hmm. I wonder!'...
Ems looked for her college diary and skimmed over the dates 
'Aha! May the 22nd. Perfect!' Alice looked confused at her.
‘I'll go to see him on the 22nd of May!’
‘Wow!’ Alice exclaimed with a concerned look. ‘Are you sure about meeting a strange guy in a place you have never been too?!’
'Oh I don't know, she replied looking down at the carpet and then back to Alice, 'I guess I have to go forward and see where the road takes me. See what happens!'


Chapter Seven

Destiny, Fate or Whatever...

A couple of months later Ems stood on a platform in a train station on her way to meet Max. She looked at her watch every other minute. Nervousness had kicked in. This would be her second train to catch. 
She had arrived late in the afternoon, which meant that she would be meeting him rather late in the evening! Having talked with him on the phone a number of times, since she left Marlin City and at one point she actually felt like turning back home. Anxiousness added to all of this. Ceaseless questions flew through her mind... 
‘What was she doing? Why was she here?!’ Then berating her own actions.
Meeting a complete stranger in a station at night in a strange town in a strange city!! 
 Dammit! She thought. Stupid Ems she should know better! She thought, again berating herself for doing something so not her. 
Her thoughts were flying through her mind as the train pulled into the station. 
The last train!
The one that will take her to him!
Goosebumps travelled through her skin. Her mouth was dry.
She took a sip from the bottle she had bought earlier at the previous train station. 
The phone rang...
‘Hello!' 
‘Hi! Where are you now?’ He asked.
‘Mason Green!’ She saw the sign as the train pulled into one of the stops along the way.
'Ok so you’re about fifteen minutes away!' His voice both soothed and excited her, but also made her feel so nervous right now.
‘How are you feeling?' he enquired
‘I'm ok I guess, just tired now from the travelling.'
‘You can rest when you get here. We will talk too and’...
Ems phone cut out...the battery was exhausted!
‘Oh My God!!’ She said out loud but in a low tone so no one but her could hear.
She tried to switch the phone on again but it would only flash on for a second and then switch off!
All she could do was wait until she got to 'Loft Park' train station.
She checked herself in the mirror a good few times and looked at what she was wearing.  A beautiful fine white sheer sequinned long sleeved blouse underneath it a white strappy top, blue boot legged jeans, a light soft pink leather jacket that wasn’t shiny and white ballet pump flat shoes. Her long hair was loosely curled. Her makeup was natural and her eyes although looked a bit tired were sparkling back at her, but she could also see the signs of nervousness too as it were hard to smile right now.
The train pulled into Loft Park at just gone 10pm. It was dark out and the station looked cold and strange, as Ems looked out from her window seat. There were people on the platform and looking for Max amongst them was both scary and exciting.
She left her train seat without seeing him.  Alighting the train and followed the people as they made their way up the stairs to cross the bridge over the tracks. 
When she got to the top of the stairs, and just as she was about to turn the corner.
She heard her name being called...
Ems looked back down the stairs, as a man climbed up them two steps at a time!  Suddenly he was there in front of her looking directly into her eyes.
He was different, different from what she had expected but a lovely un-expectation. The eyes that looked back at her were life’s eyes, someone who had been through a lot but smiling through it all. His dark short hair just shone in the light. He was wearing a beige corded jacket with sheepskin collar. A check shirt, loose fitting jeans and beige shoes. He also smelled of aftershave. 
He opened his arms to embrace her. Ems wrapped her arms around him and felt immediately safe, the nervousness seemed to flow away!
‘You are different than I expected,’ she stated.
‘How is that?’ he said with a smile.
Ems distracted by his smile, lost her words for a few seconds, tried to gather her composure and make some response. 
‘Oh it’s just that you look different that is all'
He laughed.
‘Wow! What a laugh! She thought. So nice and so warming'...Wait! Why am I thinking like this? I don't know the guy'...
Her thoughts were interrupted by him reaching down to take her bag,
'We best get out of here' he said and moved back down the stairs.
Ems followed. She was wrapped up in her thoughts again and didn’t notice the silence that befell the two of them as they walked to his car which was nestled in the parking bay of the station.
When she got into the car, she looked at him again. 'I think he likes me' she thought as he smiled at her again.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out two things. A bar of her favourite chocolate ...and a piece of folded note paper!
'Aww thank you,’ Ems said when he handed her the chocolate.
'I thought you would like that,' he said as he snapped his seat belt in.
The piece of paper contained an address for a hotel in Loft Park. She looked at the paper for a few minutes, gathering her thoughts. She was in a strange city, a strange town, at a strange hour with a stranger! She was on her own and knew no one here. What is the best thing?! Stay alone in a strange hotel? Stay with him at his place for a night? But would she be safe? With that thought she looked across at him, felt instantly that she would be ok and it would be a chance to get to know him better!
‘Can I stay at your place instead of the hotel? I don't want to be on my own. I've never actually done this before and it would be a good way for us to get to know each other better, besides its late too!'
He looked at her, looked away and then replied.
'Ok ‘'he replied. It was said quickly, so quick that Ems could not make out how he meant it and with that proceeded to start the car engine. The radio came on instantly, he turned the music volume down so it was playing softly,  the car backed out of the station lot and drove out into the night towards his house.

Chapter Eight
Finding Foundation.

Alighting from the car, Ems stretched her stiffened body and look around. The driveway to the house was small but perfect. There was no garage for the car. The front door of his house was a deep solid oak door with a lovely six panelled glass in the middle. It was perfect! She stood there waiting while he locked the car door and went around to the back of the car. Ems reflected on their majoritively awkward silent drive to his house. He took her bag out of the boot and made a gesture for her to follow, once he had opened the hall door. Inside the hall was carpeted in cream wool carpet and white walls. A coat rack was on the left, filled with his jackets and below that a pile of shoes. The lounge he brought her into was cosy. The walls were painted in a shade of deep blue, with matching curtains. He placed her bag on the chair and turned to her...
'Would you like a drink?'
Ems flopped onto the sofa, which was deep and wide with an assortment of five large cushions. 
'Just water will do fine, thank you.' she replied in a small voice. She was consciously aware of the strange atmosphere and wasn’t at all sure if she had done the right thing but she was here now at his place. Ems wondered at it all, but she was too tired from the journey to comprehend it all. Looking around the room and what she seen so far, the house and the room were the essence of who he was. 
He arrived back in the room, passed a glass of water to Ems and sat down at the opposite end of the sofa. He reached down the side of the sofa and extracted a large litre bottle of lemon and lime. He took his empty glass and filled it.
‘You keep the bottle down there?!’ she asked
‘Yes, not too keen on keeping it in the fridge as it loses its carbonation easier!'
‘Didn’t know that,’ she added.
With that he raised his glass and took a couple of mouthfuls of it and placed the glass onto the coffee table that sat on the middle of the rug in front of the sofa.
He then got up and took his jacket off and threw it on top of Ems bag!
He remarked as he looked towards her. 'Just too lazy to hook it up in the hall' he spoke with a grin.
It was the first time she had seen him relax and the grin was charming. In fact, quite cute!
‘You know there’s a song’ he said, ‘that when I hear it I think of you but right now, I can't seem to remember it!
‘Oh!’ she said and with that, thoughts of all sorts of songs popped into her head, was this a good or a bad thing? She wondered.
‘I hope it’s a nice song,’ she smiled towards him.
He didn’t answer her just changed the subject...
‘So tell me what do you think of Loft Park? Is it as bad as all those reports you have been reading about?!'
‘No,’ she replied looking around the room, trying to soak up everything. From what she could make out it wasn't like what she had expected. It wasn't just a bachelor pad with all the boys toys, but it also had the element of feminine touch. She looked up towards the ceiling light.
‘...That’s one of the things she has to yet to come and collect,' he broke in. Ems looked at him, aware it was the ceiling fixtures he was talking about. The 'she' was his ex of some six years. He had briefly conversed about his ex to her, and still she could not understand why she left him, even though he had supplied the reason. She could not grasp it. It made no sense!
‘So, what do you want to do about the hotel?' he asked again, looking at her with his arm stretched out over the back of the sofa, had she been closer to him, it would have appeared like his arm was wrapped around her. It was a nice thought. Wait! Why was she thinking this way? She had only met him for real a few hours ago. There was something really nice about this man but also something ...something else. What was it?! Unreal? A dream? Magical? Something?! She could not figure out, but it bugged her. Oh well, she thought. I will think about that another time.
She looked down, away from him. ' I don't think I want to stay there. I would rather be here and get to know you as it would be so much better, plus as I am in a strange city, it would make sense.'
She didn't look back at him, just waited to hear his response. 
'Oh ok!' was all he responded to her. It was so short she couldn't again capture the emotion of his thoughts. Was it good or bad?!
After a minute of awkward silence.
'What do you think of the city?' he enquired.
...'It looks nice from what I have seen of it so far, she continued, I must say you have a charming house'
‘Thank you,’ he replied and smiled.
Oh My God! Ems looked away suddenly feeling as if she was melting. His smile was so warming, his eyes sparkled as his lips curved in a soft light smile. Her heart seemed to skip a beat. She put her hand to just below her neck, to try and soothe the build up inside. 
‘Are you ok?’ He asked. 
She looked back to him.
‘Yes, thank you,’ trying to disguise her sudden emotions.
The night seemed to fly to the morning so fast! Ems stretched out in the large double bed. The cool sheets, the beige covered duvet with big circles of brown, the walnut carved headboard, the big fluffy pillows. She had slept in his bed! He was downstairs asleep on the sofa. She felt bad that he had to sleep there but last night he insisted. He was such a gentleman and made no advances towards her nor even came into the room. 
The morning sun filtered through the thin light green curtains. Ems sat up and looked around. The walls were papered not painted like they were in the sitting room. This time it was a light rose pink, very subtle with a diamond design and some flowers running up and down in the same colour. Two wardrobes and two chests of drawers, one had a standing mirror on it. A blue bathroom robe hung from the back of the bedroom door along with a couple of shirts. Again, the room had a feminine touch, most likely from his ex. Ems noticed a couple of soft toys that sat on the floor near the wardrobe. Aww, she thought as she smiled, that's lovely!
'Are you ok?' The sudden break through the air of Max’s voice jumped her. He was outside the room door, on the landing! ‘Did you sleep ok?’ 
‘...Yes ...yes...Thank you,’ she stuttered in a pretend calm voice' I did ...thank you!'
‘Would you like some toast?’ he enquired.
'Oh thank you, yes please!' She then heard his footsteps move away and down the stairs.
Ems looked down at herself in her silk pyjamas, and thought, how unruly she must look, dishevelled even. What if he had come into the room and seen her both in his bed and looking such a mess as she did in the mornings!!
...and with that thought Ems scrambled out of the bed and dressed quickly!

Chapter Nine
From Now On

The next couple of days passed with quickened speed! She had slept in his bed while he slept on the sofa! He took her out to show her the city centre, later popping into a seventies bar, where he ordered a glass of beer and she a glass of water.
She smiled as she looked back at him. The music was loud but not too loud so you could hold a conversation. The bar was full of an odd assortment of people. The dance floor, small though it was, was empty. People seemed to just dance where they were and just move a few embarrassing steps to the left and right!
His eyes were semi glazed from the beer he had been drinking. She saw something that endeared him to her! She could see the little boy in him, someone alone, someone fragile and someone who needed both a hug and to be loved! It maybe something he was not used too and she felt him wallow in this misery but yet try to rise above it. She also saw something else. Something she was not quite sure of! What was it? It was almost as if he...
'Do you like this music?' He asked with a smile, while slightly bopping his head to the music.

‘Oh My God! Right here, right now, she wanted to hold him and hold him for a good while. He needed it... But she had to resist the temptation to do so.
Ems stopped her train of thought long enough to reply to him.
Smiling back, she replied, 'I do indeed. That's a classic Aint no mountain...’ she thought for one moment and then continued,' 'great song!'
..And with that, Ems started to dance, on the spot. Her right arm flew out in a movement, almost hitting a passing customer. Max grabbed her arm quick enough as to avoid a potential accident of broken glass and split beer, as he chuckled!
...’You almost hit him!', he giggled!
‘Oh that’s me done with dancing!' She laughed.
‘Oh no, never give up on having fun. It's good. You're good at dancing.' He smiled again. ‘I was just thinking, tomorrow I will cook dinner and you can make dessert or you can make dinner and I will make dessert. how about that?!’ He added as he put the almost empty glass to his lips.
‘Awesome, I will do dessert!’' She didn’t have to think about. Home baked apple pie was on the menu.
As the night drew to a close, Ems wondered on the last few days events. Never very sure of him, but sure of one thing, she was falling for him!  She didn't know how he felt, as any emotions; seem to be shielded from her gaze.
He turned the music on the radio and sang along to songs as he drove back home. Ems joined in shyly, but mostly smiled at him. She enjoyed listening to him sing. Tomorrow was apple pie evening! She hoped he would like her families’ recipe. 
Getting dressed for bed, Ems couldn’t resist giggling about her dancing endeavours and almost hitting that poor man! How she had wanted to hold Max crept into her thoughts, how the urge to do so was so strong, she did not know how she held back. She smiled to herself. With that, she turned out the light and climbed into his bed.
The supermarket was crowded with Friday shoppers. Ems watched as he Max wheeled the supermarket trolley, casually placing purchases in it. The flour and other items needed for the evening’s dinner had already been bought. 
He had forgotten to get a bottle of wine and made his way quickly back to the drinks aisle. Ems watched him disappear and emerge. Her eyes took him in. The lightly dark ruffled gelled hair, the pale blue patterned short sleeved t shirt, the loose fitting blue jeans, the casual shoes, the way he walked... 
He must have seen her appraisal of him as when her eyes locked with his, she was met with a wide cheeky grin! 
Oh my, she thought...and felt the sudden surge of rosy blood rush through her veins to finally reach her face!

Chapter Ten
Loves Reverie
She sifted the flour through the air, as he enacted the breakfast scene from one of her favourite movies, whilst making his version of spaghetti bolognese! A little later, two glasses, one filled with sparkling apple and grape juice, the other with red wine, were placed on the glass table in the dining room. 
‘Do you like it?’ he asked as he indicated to the plateful of bolognese.
‘Yes!’ as she took another mouthful.
‘Wasn’t too sure about the carrots!’ he giggled.
‘But it’s always good to experiment,’ she replied with a smile as she munched on the crusty bread roll. It was nearly apple pie time! He led the way into the sitting room with a bowlful of Ems apple pie, he had said it would be more comfortable there and they could watch television. Ems sat in silence. Wondering what he had thought of it, when suddenly...

He leaned over towards Ems direction...‘Mmmm, that’s really delicious!’ He looked at her and smiled. ‘That’s the best pie I have tasted!’
Ems smiled back. ‘Thank you.’ she replied. ‘It is an old family recipe.’
‘Very nice,’ he answered.
‘I'll put a movie on! What would you like to see?’ he asked her while moving onto his knees on the floor! He had a good few dvd’s but not many of them she had seen.
‘Oh anything you like?’ she stated.
‘You pick one?!’he insisted.
She then randomly pointed to one in a blue case.
‘Good choice! ‘As he picked up DVD case and put the disk into the player.

The movie made Ems laugh. She loved comedy and this was one she had missed out on seeing. 

One thing suddenly occurred to Ems, was the fact the she had gone from sitting upright to semi recumbent almost lying against him. His right arm was not on the back of the sofa but down along her back! She had only noticed the fact that his fingers were playing with the gap between her blouse and the waistband of her jeans, dancing lightly on the skin of her waist; it was so feather light that she only became aware of it during a lull in the action of the movie. 
This had now distracted her!
She could no longer concentrate on the film.
She looked up towards him...
He was looking down at her...

...there was something in his eyes...
He suddenly moved towards her, pressing his lips against hers. There was a small shock of surprise within Ems, but nevertheless she responded to him. 
The kiss was light and soft. It was beautiful.
Now what?! Ems thought. Where is this all going to go?!
He spoke not a word but neither did she. She didn’t feel like talking. Words meant nothing, nothing for this moment.
The warmth of his body made her want to be near him. She reached up to him with her arms to bring him to kiss her again. This time the kiss was stronger, deeper. While they kissed she brought his hand to where her heart was beating. He made a sound and moved away from her...
‘Are you tired?’ He asked.

Ems nodded; she couldn’t find the words to speak.
‘Do you want me there with you?’
Ems nodded again!

He switched off the TV, then the light. Taking her hand in his, led the way up the stairs, switching all the lights off as they went. This time she did not climb into his bed, alone, he was beside her, holding her in his arms as he kissed her soft and deep. Ems smiled. Her dream had come true. He was the one she had been waiting for. She pressed him closer to her and closed her eyes as his warm soft kiss embraced her lips and his hand trailed to the small of her back, pressing her even closer to him...

Ems opened her eyes slowly,  daylight in the room was dazzling bright. She stretched her body out, turned her eyes towards him. He was sitting up propped by a pillow against the headboard of the bed... and there appeared to be a light glowing from his hand, pulsing!! She couldn’t gather what it was only that he was glowing with bright white light almost blinding!
Ems squinted her eyes shut and then opened them again. It was gone! The light was no longer emanating from him. She stared, puzzled and confused.
‘What was that?’ She enquired. ‘What was that light?’
What light? He answered the question with a question of his own, as he looked towards the window and back to Ems, ‘Oh it’s just the morning light shining through!’ He leaned over towards her planting a soft kiss on her lips.
‘Mmm so sweet’, he said as he played with a strand of her hair that had fallen down her over her face. Ems forgot about the light. She had rationalised that it must have been her ‘just awake state’ and the morning light through the window playing tricks on her! She felt the intense warmth from his nearness and moved to wrap her arms around him to bring him closer to her. Kissing her again, this time it was more passionate and deep, he encompassed her. She knew how right it all felt.


The walk through the park was most delightful to Ems. It was set in mature grounds with large chestnut, oak and elm trees, a great expanse of grass, a small lake and stream. The little wooden bridge was tiny and allowed for only a single line of people walking in any one direction at a time. She had to wait along with Max until a a group of school children went across first.. The woman who was with them, said ‘thanks’ to Ems. She smiled back.
Max took hold of Ems hand. His palm was big, warm and masculine in her small, soft and cool hand. His fingers entwined with hers as she led the way across the bridge.
In the days that followed. Max took Ems to many places both in the city and on the outskirts. She enjoyed his company immensely and had clean forgotten about the 'glowing incident.' It definitely must have been her eyes!
 It was Thursday morning, when she found herself alone in the bed. The house was quiet so quiet you could hear a pin drop! She lay there wondering if she should get up and look for him or just call his name! She decided on the latter. Putting the silk black and white stripped dressing gown on, one he had bought her, she stealthily opened the door and walked lightly, trying not to break the stillness. The front room door was slightly ajar. She could see some movement. He was in there. Through the split in the door, she could see him, just about.
His eyes were closed. 
How odd! She thought rubbing her eyes, feigning the sleep fog. She looked up again...when she suddenly saw a glowing orb emanating from his hand. The light from the orb was like...like...the cosmos! Something from space! The orb rotated in the palm of his hand...Suddenly opened his eyes, the orb disappeared. He had caught sight of her as he looked at her through the mirror reflection!
Ems jumped, let out a small inner gasp, hurried back to the bedroom and promptly sat on the bed... mystified at what she had just witnessed!
The bedroom door opened, he came to stand before her.
She said nothing. 
She was lost for words, even though she had wanted to enquire as to what all that was, her mind was racing at ninety miles an hour. She had more questions then she had answers...he dropped down to his knees in front of her, ‘So you caught me playing my magic trick! I learnt it a while ago. I wanted it to be a surprise for your birthday!’ 

Ems looked up. She felt her brows knit into a puzzled frown!

..’A magic trick?!’ Ems responded in a disbelieving tone.

‘Yes I have been learning it. It’s very hard to master,’ he replied but one thing I cannot give away the secrets or it will spoil!’
 ‘So I cannot ask anything about it then?’ she replied, tilting her head to the right while looking at him. He took her hands in his and smiled.
‘In one word No,’ was all he said as stood up and  pulled Ems up into his arms.
‘You will just have to wait’ taking Ems chin and moving her head back, ‘Patience is a...’ the last word wasn’t spoken, as he planted a soft kiss on Ems lips.


Chapter Eleven
Falling
So it was a magic trick! Who would have guessed! Ems felt quite silly and even though there were still questions she wanted to ask about it, she felt that no matter the explanation, none of her questions would be answered or her curiosity satisfied. So the only decision was to quit while she was ahead, and leave the magic to the expert!
The day was one of small but nice surprises. The car drive to the Flore District was indeed a joy! She loved old castles and this one had a lot of history by the look of it. Yet the grounds it stood on were beautifully maintained. Small ponds, flower beds, a small bridge and a walled garden were amongst the treats to see. 
The walk through the gardens was really nice. Ems couldn’t figure out where to focus on, as so much was a feast to the eyes. Ems turned to look at Max and noticed his smile. He looked directly into her eyes, and moved to kiss her. The warmth of his hand, the light gentle kiss made Ems melt. She wanted his closeness; he wrapped her arms around him in a hug. His arms were strong and safe as they enveloped her, kissing her again this time deeply. Ems felt as if he were extracting her soul in a beautiful way. When the kiss was over, still wrapped in his arms Ems opened her eyes slowly, the kiss had been intoxicating and made her feel both dizzy and giddy! She found him looking at her the eyes that looked back at her were like sourcing out every inch of her being, wanting to know everything about her. The look was so intense, Ems had to break contact from his gaze and move out of his arms. She had never felt more vulnerable or her soul had been undressed by just a look.
He said nothing but reached for her hand and took it in his own, continuing the walk about the gardens. All the while Ems was turning over things in her mind. His eyes, though very beautiful, had looked at her so deeply, so right through her, she felt totally exposed! She didn't like it, she felt uncomfortable at the inner invasion but yet somehow she was felt connected to him, there was comfort in there somewhere. She had never experienced anything like it from anyone, not even from her one and only previous ex-boyfriend, who had been a part of her life she had wanted to forget.

As the days passed, it would be time for Ems to leave and go back home. The two weeks had flown with such quickness, that it felt like she had only arrived just a couple of days before.
She didn't want to go home, she was loving the time spent with him and enjoyed his company so much, that she felt a pull right in the centre of her chest. She came down the stairs with her jacket thrown across her arm. He was following behind her, lifting her trolley luggage case all the way to the bottom of the stairs. She looked around the sitting room, taking everything in, as if it was the last time she would see it. 

Suddenly arms were holding her from behind, swinging her around to face him, for all of seconds, minutes, he just looked into her eyes, deeply. Studied her face with such intensity, Ems had to break contact with his eyes by placing her head against his shoulder as she returned the embrace. He gently moved her off his shoulder to plant a soft kiss on her lips. 
'You got everything down?'
'Yes I think so,' she replied faintly. She didn't like the thoughts of going home.
He went over to the low table and took his camera up and then replacing it back on the table. Ems followed Max’s actions by sitting on the floor. He hugged her close by wrapping his arms around her.
'SMILE! he shouted in a silly manner, BIG GRINS, CHEESE AND ALL THAT!!'
The flash of the camera blinded Ems for a second! She never liked her photo being taken as she felt it never really expressed how she felt inside nor how she looked outside. He got up and reset the camera for a few more snaps. He took one of her sitting barefoot on the sofa. One also with him in it and her laughing at his antics. 
It was time to go. The train station was half full of early morning passengers. The mist had just about lifted. 
Standing on the platform, he was holding her tightly as she was him. She looked up at him and those eyes, the eyes that made her melt. She was lost in him. He bent to kiss her soft and deep. After the kiss she leant her head against him, trying again to hear his heartbeat. For one second, as she was trying to listen for lovely sound of his heart, she thought he was taking a breath of the scent of her hair! It made her look at him. His eyes and lips smiled in unison, he cupped her chin gently and kissed her long and softly. As he was doing so, the sound of an engine pulling into the station took her from dream to cold reality.
 He helped her place her luggage on the train. He was on the train, he held her yet again in his arms, pressing her close to him, kissing her deeply, for the last time, alighting the train he remained on the platform until she could no longer see him. The train whisked her away from someone beautiful. 
She wanted both to cry and smile at the same time. She felt devastated by the separation. Suddenly her phone beeped, which took her away from feeling down. He had sent her a text message, as he said he would. She smiled to herself as she read his message.
'Hope you are ok. I'm sitting in the car at the station still. Put your music on! Hope you enjoy the mp3 player, text in a while, safe journey back' and signed it off with a lot of kisses.
Ems smile deepened as she read the message. She put the player on and listened to the music he had put on it. All the way home he had text her a few times. The last one he sent said he would ring her that night. She was looking forward to it.

Chapter Twelve
Non
The call that night was a sad and happy one, sad because she was no longer with him and happy because he mentioned about meeting again. He wanted to plan something but as to what he didn’t yet know. Ems spent the next couple of days, at home. She didn’t feel like going out, all she wanted to do was go online and post on her social network page about how happy she felt, and go back to the website chat room where she had met him first online. 
The summer sun blazed high in the sky. Ems stood outside in her small garden. It was nothing much to look at, no flowers as yet, just the odd shrub and one tall blossom tree that was almost bare of leaves. It was the last week of June. Ems took a deep breath of air as she looked skyward. 
How blue! She thought. Not one cumulus to be found, not one dash or speckle of white!
Ems met up with her college buddies for a non-college break lunch.  She had ordered a sandwich roll and herbal tea. ‘So how are things then?’ Alice asked as she took a mouthful of beef burger!
‘Fine...actually they’re great!’ Ems replied with a full beaming smile. ‘I cannot believe him, though sometimes I have to pinch myself to make sure that I’m not dreaming!’
Alice slightly laughed and choked on her burger. ‘So you have found Mr Dream man then?!’ She giggled, ‘And how is that doing for you?’
‘Oh Alice, sometimes I just think it’s all...’she paused ...’like something that’s just total indescribable. No words. Just out of this world in the feeling I have, that he gives me. There is something about him that I don’t understand. It would seem like I cannot even ask a question because there is no question because there is no answer, almost like a puzzle that needs to be solved but there is not a puzzle to start with but yet there is...Oh never mind! I’m confuddled!’ Ems laughed at her attempt at trying to answer in a less complicated manner but failed miserably.
‘I see.‘ Ben looked at Ems with a supressed laugh complete with a smile on his face, as Ems phone beeped. She picked up her phone and sent a slightly blushing smile as she read the text. 
‘It’s from him, isn’t it?!’ Alice enquired stretching across, trying to see the phone screen. Ems giggled shyly and tucked the phone back into her pocket. She would reply later. 
Alice was far too curious and nosey for her own good!
Ems she was sure she had noticed the tinge of red pink on her cheeks, but said nothing, thankfully.
‘So what do you plan to do after college has finished?’ Ben asked, switching the conversation topic. ‘Oh, I think I will be setting up my own business, but think I will assist other photographers at weddings for a while after the end of the college course.’

‘Equipment is so expensive especially the lenses which are taking a big chunk off of my budget.’ Taking a sip of the peppermint tea, Ems added, ‘but I am totally unsure of the right steps to start, but I will see where it all takes me.’
‘That’s interesting. Alice replied I have been thinking of travelling the globe and visit some countries and take lots of photos!’
 ‘How about you Ben? She looked at him as he took two hefty bites out of a chicken sandwich.
After drinking his diluted orange drink, ‘I don’t know yet, still undecided!’ He picked up the burger, and before he took another mouthful, ‘but I can wait, I have the patience!’
Alice flung a paper napkin at Ben. ‘Hey!’ he said objectionably. But all Alice did was giggle. Ems sat in silence as she watched as the pranks between the two were getting a little crazier. She felt it was time to leave.
‘Right I’m off. ‘She announced. Alice’s mouth dropped as she let out an ‘Aww!’ and stopped the progress of the fork in her hand heading towards the plate of French fries that Ben was eating. ‘Yes, well I will leave you two to it. I’m going to go home and get some rest.’
 Picking up her coat from the back of the chair and sliding her arms into the sleeves.
She gave Alice and Ben each a hug and left them to their collective moments of mayhem!

Chapter Thirteen
Returning

Just as she was turning the key in the door, her phone rang. ‘Hello.’
‘Hello Lovely!' the warm voice down the line made he go weak inside and all of a sudden she felt very scatter-brained with the excitement of hearing his voice. 'I sent you a text, did you get it?!'
‘Oh yes I did, just that I was with Alice and she is so enquiring and curious, it was very hard for me to reply.'
He laughed. ‘That's ok.’
‘What have you been up too, anything nice?'
‘Just went out to meet with Alice and Ben from college. I'm back home now.' she replied as she struggled to take her coat off, one arm at a time while holding the phone.
‘Are you ok?’
‘Yes, I am thank you, just taking my coat off'!’
‘Nice... have you got a pen and paper? Take this website address down and check it out. I am thinking about us going there for a week next month!'
‘Oh wow!’ Ems exclaimed, as she rushed to grab some paper and a pen.
‘I will definitely check it out and let you know what I think.'
They talked for a few minutes more, and when the call finally ended, Ems felt the warmth of the rush of blood as her heart pounded, followed by a smile that broadened the more she thought about him. It was amazing how all of this had happened and the way she felt right now, she wanted to be there, with him this very minute! 
Having checked the website, she found lots of lovely little cottages dotted across the countryside, but the one he had mentioned was a very special one... It was called, Lamberts Hill Cottage. It had a fine history and was detached away from other cottages. It had pretty roses and a quaint old seat to sit outside on warm days. She loved it.
She texted him back immediately, to let him know her thoughts. As she was about the send a second text, he rang her back!
‘Right then', so you like it?!' 
Yes indeed I do. It looks lovely.’ she smiled as she replied to him.
‘Say how about the 12th of August? That week?’ he asked
‘Perfect!’ She responded.
‘Right then I will put the deposit down for this, check back with you later lovely.' He blew a kiss down the phone to her.
She did the same back to him, but with a little shy giggle.

All through the rest of the day she felt a sense of growing excitement at their impending holiday together. 'A week! A whole week!' Ems thought over and over. Curling up on the sofa, with a notepad and pen, she drafted a rough list of things she would need, especially if there would be some country hill walking involved. She placed the list on the table and closed her eyes and drifted off to where her heart was...thoughts of him, dreams of him. No man ever before had made her feel this way. Not one single man. This guy was very special, but so unreal, so different...



Chapter Fourteen
Rambleback
The motorway, the changeable weather, the smells, the sights, the sounds, the wind running fast through her hair, the music and song! The drive to Rambleback, for Ems was one of sheer enjoyment. Not only was excitement pumping through her veins, he was sitting next to her, driving them both to something that was beyond happiness. If there was such a thing! She would look at him, study him as he drove. The contours of his face, the shape of his nose, the small indentation on his chin, the smooth forehead...her thoughts were stopped as he turned briefly to her, and gave her a knowing smile and placed his hand very momentarily on her knee. 
Ems got a little embarrassed at having been caught out by him! He turned the volume up on the car cd player. One of those country blues classics was playing. He began to sing randomly along to it and occasionally turning to Ems and smiling as he was singing!
They passed through rain and sunny weather. She found it amusing how the rain shower suddenly stopped. 
As the car turned down towards a hill, and approaching a corner, Max asked Ems to push back the glass sun roof and to open the window of the car. He put his sunglasses back on. Ems warmly giggled to herself. He was trying to be cool and make a statement as he drove them both into the tiny village of Rambleback.
Finding the turn off on road to the cottage was tricky as it involved driving up a narrow white washed lane and a tight turn. The long driveway was ahead passing by other cottages of varying shapes and styles along the way.
At last reaching Lamberts Hill Cottage, Ems couldn't wait to have a look around inside and it would be a relief to stretch her legs, from the stiffness of a four and a half hour drive. 
Max smiled at her she smiled back. As soon as he opened the door, Ems went straight in to investigate the cottage they would share for the week! The hall was narrow but accommodating. There were a few walking sticks in a ceramic pot to the right, a stairs and three doors. Ems opened all of them. The first was a large bedroom containing three beds, the second was a small bathroom and the last lead to a grand open plan kitchen, with all white goods including a kettle, hob cooker and oven, washing machine, dishwasher, a microwave and tall fridge freezer. The kitchen window looked out onto a small country lane, where she could see some a couple get into a car.
'Come up!' she heard Max call to her.
Ems followed his voice and headed upstairs, there was a few doors that need investigating. On the right was the bathroom next door to it was a large double bedroom. Past the stairs there was a hot press, and then another bedroom, this time one with a just a single bed and the last room was a fine large lounge!
A sitting room upstairs!' she exclaimed! It was a surprise indeed. The room was quite large and airy, two large glass doors led out onto a wooden balcony, which had a table and four chairs. The balcony over looked woodland filled with large trees and some other cottages. The rush sound of a waterfall could be heard.
Inside the sitting room there was a TV, a coffee table, two sofas and four small side tables upon which some lamps were placed on top of. There was also a small wooden sideboard with glassware and some information about Lamberts Hill Cottage and Rambleback placed on it.
Ems sank into the sofa  just as Max wandered into the bedroom., she heard him call her.
She went to follow him and found him stretch across the bed.

'I think this is our bedroom,' he said as he leapt up at her, clasping her arms pulling her down onto the mattress with him. He kissed her deeply and held her close. She was lost in the special world he had created, absorbed right down to the very fabric of his being, the very molecule of his blood. Everything was just perfect. Her world was surrounded by him in every essence. It was the world she so had so longed to be part of and now she was here, right now and at this very moment, overwhelmed with feelings. She had not loved someone as much as she had loved him. The love had been growing and she knew somewhere in her heart that for the first time in her whole life, she was loved. He was everything she had wanted and he went out of his way to show her how much she meant to him. She could see that. She knew. This was it for her this was all she ever wanted to know.

In his arms he encompassed her, swamping her with kisses. He stopped, and then looked deep into her eyes, so deep it was like as if he was trying to reach the very pit of her being. Ems looked away again, he had looked into her eyes was so deep, it was like invading every nuance yet again. It shocked her. He turned her to face him again. He again looked, this time briefly into her eyes and awarded her with a soft yet deep kiss. He then rolled her over so that she was lying on her side looking at him. His hand traced the curve of her waist. He smiled a warm gentle smile, that made Ems heart skip a beat.
‘What are you thinking? She enquired
His smile got broader and he raised an eyebrow, while his eyes smiled.
‘You will find out later tonight! ‘He giggled as he planted yet another kiss on her lips, muffling her pretend shock!
‘Oh later tonight?’ she replied after he has kissed her and tried to catch her breath ‘Oh my!’ And with that giggled, she decided to tickle him under the arms. 
'Just for tha...’
He fought against her tickling by constantly trying to kiss her. In the end he won!
‘Ok you win!’ she smiled.
‘Good,’ he grinned and gave her a wink. ‘You know if you had not stopped, I would tickle you too, but not how you did to me!’
Ems blushed as he said the words.
He lifted himself off of the bed and pulled her up.
‘Right let's get ready go and get something to eat.’ he grabbed the car keys from the bedside table. 'I'll get the luggage first.’
Ems smiled.

Changing into a nice pair of white jeans which came with a lovely chocolate brown belt along with white top over which she wore cream linen jacket. She had a brown leather bag to team with it. When she came into the sitting room, where he was waiting, he looked at her and smiled. ‘You look lovely, lovely one.' and with that, took her in his arms and kissed her.

The restaurant wasn't too full. It was particularly lovely with a water display feature screen that divided the dining area. The pasta she ordered was really delicious and tasted like moreish.
He ordered a pizza and in his usual style ate, from the outside to the centre.

Afterwards, walking back to the cottage, hand in hand with Max, Ems felt content. There was a sense of peace inside that she had never known. She smiled to herself.

The night was filled with such emotions and passions she never knew before either. Here she was lying awake at 5am, the dark of night had just given way to the light of day. Through the net curtains, she could see the red pink hues dot the sky here and there. She slid out of the bed as quietly as possible so as not to disturb his sleeping. Moving the curtain back just a bit to look outside, Ems delighted in the view.

For a minute, she was lost in admiration of the beauty of it all. She liked particularly the way the weak morning sun light cast its rays on in the trees.
Then, she heard a sudden rustling sound from behind her of sheets moving and ...then he was behind her with his arms embracing her, while his breath whispered in her ear. 

‘Lovely looks lovely,' it was just about audible, the words had trailed off into a kiss as he had turned her to face him. The kiss was warm and felt heavenly; she was once again lost in his world, in the world he had created for her, for them. 

A couple of days later Ems was in the bedroom on her own, she stretched out and sprawled for a bit. He was singing in the shower. Ems could not help but smile. He was happy and that was what mattered. Putting her dressing gown on, she tip toed to the bathroom. The door was more than slightly ajar, it was then she noticed the bright white light that seemed to come from the part that was obscured by the door itself. It didn't appear to be from the ceiling light. Ems stopped moving and hesitated. She didn't know if she should go back to the bedroom or attempt to move forward and investigate.

She felt her heart beat faster and her breath become shallower. She looked back behind her, thinking maybe it might be a better choice, as her eyes set once more towards the bathroom, the light had disappeared! Next she heard the shower being turned off. Making as silent a retreat to the bedroom as possible, her puzzlement and curiosity had been awoken again. Maybe he was working on the light orb trick he said was for her birthday! She decided not to mention anything and act as if she had not seen anything.

Over the next couple of days, Ems enjoyed the outdoor life of Rambleback with Max. The walk through the hills and woodlands were awesome. The view was spectacular from the picnic spot, where Max placed the food and drink that he had packed into his backpack, and placed them onto the cotton cloth on the stone rock near the seats. For one moment, Ems said not a word nor moved she just concentrated on the stillness that surrounded them. She heard some unfamiliar bird songs. Lost in her thinking, she followed the line of the river that was in the distance, she watched as it trailed to the right and as it moved up to disappear out of view beyond the large trees. She suddenly became aware of his gaze upon her. Her eyes met his, she smiled. Noticing something deep in his eyes, something she could not figure out what it was, but he was smiling too, like as if he had been watching her all the time she was taking in the scenery, his gaze only transfixed on her.

'Eat up' he said, 'or the flies will be trying to sample it soon!' He grinned. Ems munched on a delicious home baked pie, he had bought at a local Rambleback bakery, the pie was washed down with sparkling apple juice drink, while he drank from small bottle of wine.


Chapter Fifteen
Down to earth.
After the picnic, they walked back to the cottage. The day now in turn was giving way to the night, as Ems curled up next to Max, closing her eyes once again he encompassed her world. Lost, carried away on the tide of love.
 LOVE?! 

Is this what it is? What it feels like? She thought. Was he the ONE?! The one she had been searching and waiting for all of her life?
 In the dim light she could see the rise and fall of his chest, the slowness of his breathing. 
Placing her hand on his chest, just above his heart, she silently said, 'I love you.' Whatever her emotions were or even his, she did indeed love him.

Kissing him gently on shoulder, Ems tucked herself next to him. She felt him move her even closer; he turned his head to kiss her. She eventually fell asleep locked in his arms.

The days at Rambleback went far too quickly for her own liking. She loved it here. It was in a sense the essence of Max it was heavenly, serene and majestic. The second last day he took Ems out on the ferry that crossed the river to Tyecrest. The river was beautiful, with the odd boat house and river cottages lined with a variety of trees and shrubs. Tyecrest was a small town just like Rambleback, but with just a lot more antique and outdoor camping shops. 

In the evening, on the last night at the cottage, Ems sat on the sofa while Max was entertaining her with some songs A capella style accompanied by him attempting to dance, well rather move to the songs he was singing. Ems accidently let a cushion fall onto the floor, he picked it up while still singing and threw the cushion at her.  She pretended to be annoyed at this, and retaliated by throwing back cushion at him. It gradually became a full on cushion throwing fight, all the while he was singing and dancing and Ems sitting on the sofa firing cushions at him! She couldn't stop laughing! She loved how he sang, his voice was so lovely, rich, warm and deep, but the cushion throwing was preventing him from finishing the song.
 With that he suddenly pounced on her, just as she was about to throw another cushion, his weight made her fall back to a recumbent position. Ems was still giggling and smiling up at him. 

'...and just for that, he said as he held her close, 'you get this...'

Her eyes closed as his lips found hers. It was at first, light and tender, but developed quickly into a strong deep passionate kiss. His hand entangled in her hair, his other hand held her waist fast and close to him. He then lightly trailed the bare skin of her waist through the gap between the top of her jeans and the end of her blouse, with his fingertips, as his kisses travelled to her neck. Ems arms reached to him, running her hands up and down his back. Every fibre of her being was on heightened alert. The goose bumps and tingles coursed through her blood setting fire to every molecule. She felt that nothing on earth could ever match the feeling that compelled her to him, it was almost as if,,.
Her thoughts were abandoned when his lips met hers again, and his fingers found the buttons on her blouse. She drifted off to a place where only they could be, where she was safe yet wildly free!

Chapter Sixteen
Musing

Ems had her trolley case packed. The journey back to Ravelham would take a few hours. It was sad that the lovely week she had here with him was just about over. As with all things, time seemed of the essence. Going back to Ravelham, meant she would be travelling back home soon too. This was a week she would never ever forget. Rambleback now held a place of special memories for her. 
The drive back to his hometown was a long but pleasant. Once again, music and song was involved. Ems had felt awkward about 'acting' out singing. But when one of the songs she liked played on the car cd player, she couldn't help herself.  She moved to the music and acted out a few key notes in the song, Max was beaming a broad smile he grinned like a Cheshire cat, obviously loving what she was doing. When the song was over,
'That was really nice, he said, ‘just chill and you can do more songs like that!'
‘Oh I am not doing that again!’
‘Why not? Isn’t it good to be more expressive, more creative,’ he spoke as they turned into the driveway to his house, ‘enjoy it, feel the music!'

Ems smiled at him and wanted yet again to hold him close to her. The need to hold or hug him was constantly on her mind. He was like a magnet; the need to be close to him was powerful. The way the sunlight dappled his hair was lovely. 

‘What are you smiling at?' he quizzed
Ems looked away as she replied. 'Nothing!' The smile remained on her lips.

Flopping onto the sofa, she waited for him to come back downstairs from leaving the luggage cases in the spare bedroom. He had put the TV on and was going to get some drinks and a packet of popcorn to share from the kitchen.  His arms were full when he came back into the sitting room, carrying a bottle of sparkling apple juice along with his bottle of French rose wine and a large packet of popcorn. He put the movie channel on and started to search for a good film to watch.

Snuggling close together, Ems felt the peaceful contentment of being near him. Munching away on popcorn and laughing at the comedy movie. She wanted to point out something about the movie, when as she looked up towards him, he had his eyes closed. He was asleep. 
Aww, she thought, he must be tired after that long drive. She didn’t want to wake him, she let him sleep. For a few moments, Ems watched as his breath had slowed, the light smile lines, the contours and texture of his skin, perfectly cream. She smiled to herself how at home he was with her to drop off to sleep in her company. It was endearing. The more she looked at him she knew something she had not known, realised or thought of before. She would tell him her thought when the time felt right.

The last day of her stay at Ravelham, was upon her. It was a day she had dreaded. Loft Park train station was as busy as ever in the late afternoon. On the way to the station, she had taken in everything that passed by. It was as if she felt as if it would be a while before she would see this lovely city and tried to consign everything to memory.

Chapter Seventeen
Epoch

Entering the station, Ems had felt the coldness of the late August winds. Autumn would be here soon, as summer was leaving. He had his arms around her holding her close as she held him as close as she possibly could. The platform was not too crowded for the train she was getting, thankfully. She looked into his eyes and lost herself in them. His lips found hers, kissing her soft and deeply. He caressed the tender skin on her cheek tracing the contours of her own face, to run delicately along her lips. It made her quiver, then smile. He held her again close to him, as she rested her head against his chest, through his open jacket. 

She felt him touch her hair, running his fingers through it, then down to her shoulders and back. The sound of a train engine entering the station, made Ems raise her head to look. It was the train that would take her away from him.

She looked back to him, her breath caught as she saw what looked like a reflection of white light in his eyes, it seemed to pulsate and then it disappeared. 

She wanted to ask him what it was but those thoughts dissipated when he kissed her deeply just before she boarded the train.

‘I'll text you in a few minutes and ring you tonight.' as he spoke she saw a tinge of sadness in his eyes.

'Thanks,' she replied in a sad manner. Inwardly she was dying with emotions of the loom of impending separation, a feeling that seemed to have grown and expanded to her very core. The depth was a bit of a shock but it was there nonetheless.

As the doors of the carriage were about to close he shouted, 'See you soon'. 

She smiled as he let go her hand as the doors closed. The train moved slowly out of the station. He was there on the platform until she could see him no longer when the train went through a tunnel.

Siting in the seat, Ems felt a deep loss, it welled in her so much that she felt like crying. Suddenly her phone alerted her to a message, which made the feeling she had evaporate somewhat, it was from him. ‘
Have a safe journey back, I will ring tonight. Don't forget your music player' See you soon lovely.’ The message ended with lots of kisses. 

She smiled as she took out the music player, which he put music on it just for her. The songs were really nice and ones that she liked.
Listening to the music, she felt the ever increasing distance between them now, didn't exist. He was here, and with her in the music.



Chapter Eighteen
Recollection of Pieces
College recommencement was a just day away. New assignments would be the order and the obligatory field trip. Ems wasn't overtly looking forward to it. She would rather be online chatting with Max, instead of taking up homework and writing out project summaries.
The grey granite college building was as always an imposing sight, with its bolstering archways and prominent statues. The cold black and white tiled floors, century’s old wooden doors added the sense of austereness within its educational environment.  Alice was already in class, Ben had yet to arrive. Alice had dyed her hair a vibrant red which really made her stand out in the class. When she saw Ems from across the room, she hurried over to her.
'Ah it’s great to see you, she chuckled, my but you look different!’ Giving it more thought she added, ' More ...glowing!' 
Ems smiled back and gave Alice a hug. 'Thanks, but I can see you are different too, looking and nodded in the direction of her red hair.
‘Oh yes, I was getting bored with it, so decided a change would do me good!'

Ben came in, placing his bag on a chair, and came over to join in the conversation, but immediately gave some strange facial expressions at what Alice had done with her hair. In a typical Ben way, he just didn't get it and thought she had ruined her hair. 

Much of the day was taken up with setting up assignment projects for the coming months, which would include an explanation of lenses and understanding camera placement. All the while her mind was wondering every other second with thoughts of Max. Moments from Rambleback came to her mind, including the ferry crossing, and what happened after the cushion fight, making Ems blush at her intimate thoughts.

Reaching for paper to write the next assignment, she scribbled it down and ended up doodling tiny hearts and Max’s name. The day progressed seemingly in a long slow pace. Even though she enjoyed the study, it seemed as if it had become gobbledygook of late! It was an effort to concentrate.  Ben wanted Ems to go out with him and Alice along with three other college class mates, Cheryl, Tina and Darren, but she wasn't up for it. Home was calling and so too would be Max.  After much badgering and 'Pretty please!' by Ben, she still didn't relent.
 ‘I've got to be home tonight, Max will be ringing me.' she replied with a tone that meant it was her final say on the matter. 'Have to go!' and with that walked quickly out the door while her casual returning words to Ben were 'See you tomorrow! ‘Glancing back as she left.
Staying up way too late was not a good thing! Having to get up in the morning was going to be a challenge in itself. She had spent most all of the night talking with Max. Hearing his voice and seeing him again, at least on the webcam, was so lovely. But come the morning and it was a fight to extract herself from her cosy warm bed, into the cool air of the room. Even though the radiators were on, the temperature was so different from the comfort of her bed.

Finally the weekend had arrived! Tonight would be a movie and a chat with Max. Engrossed in the movie and sipping on a drink of warm herbal tea. Ems had a sudden overwhelming emotional feeling. Almost a surge and she felt her eyes moist even further. This she had not expected while watching this movie, a Quattro of relationships, feelings and all things romantic. The story was such and so much, that by the end of the movie, she was crying and had her rushing to grab her phone. Dialling the number was tricky between trying to take deep breaths to calm herself and the dryness of her mouth. 
'Hello!’ the other voice spoke. The warm tones and richness of his voice only seemed to heighten the state she was in...
Greetings were an unnecessary right of this time, right now, all she wanted to do was tell him...
She took a breath...in between crying...
'I love you' ...'I love you so much' 
There. She told herself. She said it.
.
‘I love you too,’ he immediately responded. ‘Aww, don't cry. How come you're crying lovely?'

'I...' she stopped to blow her nose, 'was...’
Every word had a gap for breath while she tried to control her crying, ‘was... watching ...a ...movie!'
He talked with her, requested that she get a drink of water, and then was very romantic with what he said to her. Her tears were ceasing and he in turn made her giggle...
When the conversation had finally ended, his last words still echoed in her, ' I love you.'
Ems could feel the smile as he had said them to her. 

Going to bed that night, Ems found herself in the world she had always dreamed of, a world where she loved and was loved in return. All the years seemed to fall away, all the solace, all the heartache. Gone! Now she was here, she felt safe, protected and more than anything; she was loved by the man of her dreams. 
She never knew anyone like him before and somehow, nothing will ever be the same again. It was all new, all exciting and the world was a wondrous place.


Chapter Nineteen
Time's Essence

After several months of moving back and forward to Ravelham, Ems felt as if indeed she had found the pearl in the proverbial oyster. He rocked her world! In a few weeks she would yet again travel to Ravelham this time the journey would also take her away with Max to Kroyton and to a little village named Laufment. 
It was a present for her birthday. She would see the historic house of Manet de Trois who was a French scholar and artist. She had always wanted to see the house, and visit Laufment. It had been on her things she wanted to do or her dream list. 
So here she was on her way, on the train, watching the world pass her window from where she sat, in another three hours she would be with him. Already her heart was pumping adrenalin and her palms were slightly sweaty.
It was so exciting to see him and be with him again! It was the best feeling on earth.
He had sent her text a few times, checking on where she was at. Ems thought he must be counting the time too! Leaving the train at station, she was met with an embrace and a light soft kiss. He looked directly into her eyes. ‘You look lovely, lovely,' he spoke with a smile and then embraced her again. He then, after, took the handle of her trolley case as she walked with him, linking her arm under his, and headed out of the station to his car. 
The moment she got into the sitting room, she flopped on the sofa. He followed her move, once her case was tucked in the corner of the hall. He pulled her close to him, when she looked up at him; he took the initiative and lent down to kiss her. The kiss was much deeper than the one at the station.  It awoke all the passions deep within her. She felt as if she was on fire. When the kiss had slowed to a stop and he moved away, she thought of the something e she had long wanted to tell him. 
'Please don't think it odd when I tell you this,' she looked down at the floor and then up to him, 'do you know what you are?'
His smiled dropped. His face became taut and his eyes serious, yet there seemed to be a tinge of sadness there too. This confused Ems a bit.

 'Are you ok?!'
'Yes, he momentarily paused then continued, 'I'm just waiting for you to tell me.'  He smiled but it didn't seem to reach his eyes.
Ems was puzzled by this expression and wondered what he was thinking.
'Well, she continued, what you are is something very special..' she stopped for a moment to look at him and this time she didn't take her eyes from him. She noted that his mouth had partly opened and his eyebrows slightly quizzical....'You are an earth angel!' she stated. ‘I never said that before to anyone. It is just how I feel you are as a person and I think it’s lovely that you are. Because that means you are very special indeed. My earth angel!.' she smiled as she spoke the words. 
When she mentioned the words, angel and special, his eyes lit up and a smile that was so, so very intoxicating was beamed at her. He grinned from ear to ear. 

Almost as if...as if he looked relieved Ems thought. As she tried to reason and question all of this, he broke into her thoughts with another deep kiss, this time she fell back onto the sofa as he moved forward. When he broke the kiss, he held her, his hand moved her hair away from her forehead and held it there, as he looked deep into her eyes, he was soul reaching again. The look was so deep and so private, Ems had to break the contact, 
'No don't look away.’ he pleaded his voice breathy. Ems looked back up to his eyes. She did feel awkward as no one had looked at her like that ever. He again looked into her eyes for what seemed like minutes. She heard him exclaim 'Ah' and smiled a most beautiful smile and came to kiss her once again. This time his passion was much stronger and bold as his kiss was the deepest he had ever kissed her. 

'Why did you look at me like that?' she enquired.


With his hand smoothing her hair away from her face he replied,
'To see you, just you, the person you are, the person you are inside. I want to know.'

She smiled. 'Well I couldn't do that with you, I can't look for so long without blinking!' she giggled.

Wrapping her arms around him, she moved close to kiss him. She began to tickle him under the arms. He broke the kiss with jerking movements to retaliate against her tickling him. 

She laughed and he joined in. His laughter stopped as he made her a promise, ' Just for that you will get this,' her laughter faded when his lips kissed hers with such a deep wellness of passion, his hand had left her hair and travelled to her waist, where his fingers began to dance wildly on her skin. He found the buttons of her check patterned blouse, and already Ems had lost herself in that place only he and she could be.  A most beautiful place, a heaven on earth, magical!



Chapter Twenty
At Kroyton

The trip to Kroyton was beautiful in that the scenery was stunning, with wild sweeping hills, fields along narrow country roads, fresh mountain air, blue skies, with dashes of lofty white clouds. Music was in harmony as the lovely scenery whisked by. He was singing. Ems looked at him as he concentrated on the road ahead while smiling and singing merrily to a song playing on the radio. 
Laufment, a really pretty tiny village set in a valley surrounded by fields and moors. Dotted along its main path were quaint vintage tea rooms, antique shops, floristries, ceramic and material shops, as well as historic pubs and museums. 
Not having booked anywhere to stay, and on the paper map Ems had, she found the tourist office. 'Perhaps they would know a place!' Ems remarked.

The Olde Oak guest house was really nice. The bedrooms were individually themed. Max had asked which one Ems would like as there were just two available. 

She picked the lavender room. It had a stunning four poster bed, yet the room had a cosy cottage feel to it with its pretty decorations of white and soft lavender although it was not over powering colour wise, it was just perfect! The bathroom had a Jacuzzi wooden bath!

You know I had always wanted to sleep in a four poster bed,’ she told him. ‘Also I have never been in a Jacuzzi!'
He grinned as he pulled her close, 'Well now, you will get the chance to do both!' He kissed her softly; she kissed him back with passion, which he then matched in tempo. When the kiss broke, she looked at him, and noted again the white light in his eyes. It was there for one moment then gone. It had a twirling movement, for what must be all of one second, it was there then it was gone. But she was sure it was not the light from outside as it was early evening and the light was dull. So this wasn't anything that related to it! 

'What was that?’ she asked, what was that in your eyes?’ She looked at him and watched a tapestry of emotions cross his face as she was sure he was trying to figure out a response.

'What was what?' 

‘That white light? I saw it in your eyes for a brief second and then it vanished!' she looked at him seriously. It suddenly dawned on her that maybe he was ill or something. ‘Oh my God!’ she thought,
'Are you ill?' she asked worryingly.

The look of shock and seriousness of Ems must have triggered the look of concern that now etched on his face

'No I am not ill. Don't worry.’ 

‘You know I DO worry about you!’ 

‘I know.’ 

‘So tell me, what was that light I saw?’

‘It must have been a reflection from the window across the street. It hit the evening suns light and that is what you saw!’ He replied.

Ems summed up what he said in her mind. Her thoughts again were muddled. The whole 'light' thing was confusing and strange. She tried to shake it from her mind and think on their stay in Kroyton. But she knew at the back of her mind, this was something that be sitting away festering and with no explanation, what else could she do but yet again drop the subject and leave it go! Well, she thought, I will try not to think about it. 
Looking into one of the stores in the village on the main path was like looking into another time. The shop had lots of square panelled windows through which to view and sold lots of old bric a brac and vintage items. It was like an old curiosity shop. Ems loved things like this and felt very much like a child looking through a sweet shop window.
Every now and then her breath caught at the excitement of the delights and sights of the village. Max would smile broadly at her and swing her around and kiss her randomly. She would pull him along by the hand if he was not moving fast enough for her. He laughed at this and seemed to enjoy watching her act like a big kid.
The evening seemed to draw in quickly!
Perhaps it was the time of the year, being late October. Going out that evening to the only restaurant in the village which was at the local inn, she decided on wearing her black winter boots which she had bought but would not be able to wear without his support as the heel although wasn't too high was rather thin. The boots went just to below her knee. She decided on wearing a lovely long shin length skirt and complimentary coloured blouse top to go with it.  Wearing her hair in a chignon and donning a black and white leopard print coat. She was ready. He looked at her, smiled and kissed her. She saw him licking his own lips. 
‘Hmm strawberry!' He remarked in a low voice that sounded almost like a hum of enjoyment!
She giggled and smiled.
‘Like to try some?,' 'she enquired while holding up the glossy berry pink lipstick wand.
He laughed, ‘I think I will pass on that!
The food at the inn was good, but not as delicious as the ones she had in Rambleback. Ems left the blueberry desert and Max scoffed the rest of it. She liked sharing desserts with him. 
Back at the guest house, she changed into her nightwear. She waited for him to come out of the bathroom. She heard what sounded like he was running a bath. 
‘Are you going to have a bath?' she asked through the door.
‘No not on my own, I thought we could try out the Jacuzzi together!' he chortled. ‘You can come in a minute.’ 

As she entered the bathroom, she was greeted with a light that suddenly dissipated. He suddenly turned around, in a bit of a shock to see her so suddenly in the room. Ems stood in the open doorway, not sure what she saw, but then there had been too many coincidences of white light emanating from him. Something was wrong but neither had she the strength nor will to question him about it. The puzzled look left her face, as she was wrapped in his arms. All she knew was her love for him and his love for her.
She saw the white light fade in his eyes, now wasn't the time for her to question what it all was. What it all meant.  Tomorrow, she would ask him and get some answers to the ever growing questions that were twirling around in her mind. 

That night she slept restlessly. Something wasn't right! Something was wrong and she felt it! As the dawn broke through the window of the bedroom, she was suddenly aware of the warm fingers that touched her bare arm, turning to find him looking into her eyes but this time, the eyes didn't smile, they didn't look deeply. She could almost sense that he knew something was wrong too.
This may not be the time to ask,' she spoke low in a serious tone, but what is all this light business? The orb, the glowing light, the bright white light I have seen in your eyes.' She moved nearer to him, and looked pleadingly back. 'Just tell me please!'

He spoke not a word for a minute, just looked into her eyes. Ems wasn't sure what he was thinking or even if he understood what she was asking him! But it had been a lot to take in and his brush offs only added to it.

The silence seemed to permeate the room, as did the daylight the streamed through the window.

'Let's sort this later. Bed is not the place to talk about it!' was his response, as he moved closer to Ems putting his arms about her indulgently, as his lips found hers in a deep soft kiss, while rolling her onto her back. Ems couldn't help but lose all notions of what had been niggling in the back of her mind. They were there, but right now, it was furthest from her thoughts as his kiss deepened and she was there again in that place where it was perfect. Only he was there where she could love him and hold him.


Chapter Twenty One

Source illuminate

The walk through the village to the hill top was pleasant. The views were amazing looking down towards the valley where Kroyton’s village of Laufment, was surrounded by small hills and a mountain range. The chimney stacks and cobbled walkways could be seen clearly in the sunshine. Stumbling upon a random wooden bench Ems sat down he followed her move. Looking out over the rolling hills, where the sky touched the earth, shadows of random clouds passed across this green spectacular. The early afternoon sun was casting its gentle rays.
Her thoughts of this beautiful scene was interrupted by the warm tones of his voice, 

'I...’he spoke hesitantly. 
He got up and walked up and down a few yards from where Ems sat. He then turned to look around him, as if he was looking to see if anyone else was around, there was no one. Ems confused at his actions but also felt understanding at how difficult it would be to explain all of it.

He took a few breaths.
 'I don't know how to say it, because the language is different. You would not be able to comprehend it. But I will try.’ 

From where she sat, she could see he clearly was in a heightened state of anxiousness and only too aware of what he was about to tell her was something deeper than she had at first realised.

This was painful. All she wanted to do was hold him and how much she loved him, but right now it wasn't the time for it. 

'I...’ he hesitated again... ‘I cannot describe to you how it is. But know this, it may frighten you and that is not what I want.'
She cast a glance away and looked out across the valley. Thinking of everything at once, but most of all of the man she loved, how much she had loved him and how at this very moment, she didn't understand what he was trying to tell her.

She became suddenly aware of a long pause of silence. Looking back to where he had stood, she found nothing! He was nowhere to be seen! 
Automatically she stood up. The vibration of her heartbeat seemed to reverb off of her chest wall. She looked around her frantically, trying to find him. 

She called out to him, calling his name. 

'I'm here!' came a voice out of thin air.

Ems was puzzled. This didn't make sense...what was he doing? 
'Why are you hiding from me? This is no time for games!' shouting out the words, she felt the beginnings of frustration mixed with a small dose of panic.

‘I'm here lovely,’ came the response, ‘and I'm not playing any games with you!' 
'Well, where are you then?' her tone was concerned now.

'Right in front of you...where I have been all the time!' his voice sounded soothing and calming in her franticness.
Nothing was in front of her.
 'I can't see a thing. I see nothing!' 

'Look again.' he told her.

This time Ems focused and shielded her eyes from the glare of the sun. The glare had masked a small white orbiting light in front of her. It was so tiny it would almost be invisible. It twirled, and was almost luminescent. Its shape was almost indistinguishable. This may have seemed to be like a star, but this wasn't any star, it was Max!! 

She opened her mouth as if some part of her wanted to put words to this, to what was happening, nothing came. Not a word or sound issued. All she could do was look at the light in front of her, trying to figure out the puzzle in her mind, trying to make sense. This was all not going to be easy. Right this instant, their relationship was a whole something else that she didn't even understand. She didn't know if it was shock setting in or not.

It was too much to comprehend.

The light began suddenly to grow and change, forming into and shaping slowly into a human form that was transparent. One great surge of bright white light...Ems had to cover her eyes as it was blindingly bright. She felt a hand take her own away gently from her eyes. Max was standing in front of her, not as a white orb light, but as himself, the one she knew. Ems could not find the words to speak. She felt lost and was in replay stage in her mind over and over. He must have sensed this as he was the first to break the silence...

'I am sorry. It is not easy for you to understand all of this.' Ems just nodded her head lightly. Her own thoughts were a plethora of jumbled words.

'As you can tell, he began softly, I am not from here!' 

Ems thoughts began to settle and she thought what he said was such an obvious thing. He was indeed not from her world. She listened as he tried to explain. She flopped onto the bench seat behind her. He followed her actions and sat close to her and continued.,

'I'm from somewhere that is beyond words and beyond your known stars and planet systems. The greatest minds on this, this earth will never find it. It cannot be seen or heard and will never be.'

Ems thoughts were becoming clearer and she wondered. Oh why not just ask, she told herself.

'Are there others like you?' she enquired, like here, now on this world?'

'Yes, but not many,' he continued, ' very few exist outside like this, in this form on this sphere. Time, space, corporeal existence is incomprehensible, for it does not exist where I am from. We do not speak, we just ...just understand. Where I am from is ...something I cannot describe. Something that is beyond the corporeal, beyond anything you can possibly imagine!'

As he spoke, she just looked at him, her eyes to his. Picking up his hand and feeling the skin, the pulsating blood and life beneath the pink flesh, the rivers of blue veins, the lines in his hand, a life, a human being. 
She looked back up to him again. She hadn't realised she was crying till she felt the trail of salty water run down her cheek. In a fraction of a second he had soothed it away with his other hand. She felt as if she was losing the man she loved. The realisation of him being ...'not from this world' was something that she never ever thought would be a thing of fact. She was in love and loved someone from another place that she didn't know or never knew existed. Who was he really? Was he really Max? The man she loved was a coating for another being, another life and now she felt so confused emotionally that all her human instincts told her to run and keep running. Yet her feet felt glued to the ground to the spot.

It was time to ask the question then, the one that mattered. 'Am I an experiment? Were you sent because you are learning of our existence and want to ascertain if we are a threat?' 

He broke into a mightily laugh for a minute and then looking back at her, she could see his eyes soften and love reflect in the shimmering pools of his eyes. 

'No no and no, most definitely not. You are not any experiment. It is not like that.  I just never expected to fall in love with you. I am here because of you. Because I have been with you since ...since, he broke off his sentence, paused and  then continued, ' remember when you were twelve, the night you cried, the one of utter despair? The one where you had felt like as if you had lost someone so close to your heart, your heart wrenched and your tears flowed unceasingly that night into your pillow. 
You then heard the light noise from your bedroom door and then a soft kiss was placed on your tear filled cheek...'

Ems looked at him. Her eyes widened in shock, the blood drained from her face and her mouth moved apart and she felt held steadfast.

'Yes, that was me.' He smiled. ' You called to me that night. I heard you. That night from beyond your realm beyond the horizon nebula beyond the worlds of existence... you called me.' I had seen you cry a lot. You would bury yourself in the blankets or cry into the rug. You felt like you were a half and the other half was missing. You felt the loss of someone you loved...loved so very much and so very deeply, that it had affected your whole life and for your whole life you had been searching.' He continued...'And now you have stopped because you have found...and here I am!'

Ems began to shiver. Next thing he had placed his corded sheepskin jacket around her shoulders. The warmth of the jacket along with his scent, made her relax and as she felt the heat permeate her body, she recalled the lovely times in Rambleback, his house and now in Kroyton. She realised that now things were different and she may need time to think on all of what he said. It was way too much to absorb right now and even though her questions had been answered, they were backed up with more questions. 


Chapter Twenty Two
Stationary

On the way back to Ravelham, the journey back was quieter than usual. The radio was on, playing some sort of music that went right over Ems head! She couldn’t hear it, as her mind was running over everything he had said. The air felt taut and also awkward as if she had felt this change in their relationship, than so must he be feeling or at least knowing it, too Ems thought. He wasn't...human!!! OH MY GOD!!! Ems suddenly became aware of the cold reality of her thoughts and suddenly felt a rush of water well up in her eyes and make their way down her cheeks. The love and happiness wasn't gone but was replaced somewhat with the ice of awareness that yet again, she had been foolish, foolish for not realising sooner when it had been staring her in the face. All those little incidents when she saw the orb and rays of light. She had to go home and think. Figuring out all of this was not going to be easy and what if anything she should do.

After saying goodbye to him at the station, she knew he knew than that things were indeed changed. The dynamics had been altered. How could she tell her best friend all of this?! She would laugh and think she was joking or even gone with the fairies! She wouldn't tell her. Somehow she would figure it out herself. 

She remembered his last words at the station just before she stepped on the train. 'It is up to you what you want to do; he had looked at her with sadness in his eyes and something she had not seen before, a look of loss, as if he was going to lose her. 'But remember us, you know I love you so very much. I want to be with you but... he looked like he was about to add something and then just said ' think on things let me know what you decide.' As their hands slowly unlocked from a hold, 'I love you!' he said and then the train moved out of the station. She had yet again, transfixed her eyes till she could see him no more.

The days had passed rather slowly. College was yet again, filled with the silly behaviours of two people in her class. She knew that Ben and Alice meant well but every nuance of her thoughts was practically on Max and what had been said. He had contacted her a few times since she got back. She tried to excuse the webcam chats with headaches and fatigue. She didn't feel up to it. Having a relationship with someone who, who comes from a different world, is not human, well is human but not, is something she found hard to accept. 

Alice though did pick up something was wrong during lunch break. 'So what's bothering you?' Alice broke into Ems deep thought. 'Oh nothing... I was just thinking'

'About what?!'

Ems decided not to tell Alice for she would not understand, 'Oh nothing really!'

 ‘I just wondered because you looked rather,' Alice paused for a moment then added, 'rather as if you are not here, like you’re off somewhere!' And 'Oh yes, sad too!' Alice expressed concern. Ems smiled half-heartedly. 'It’s just that I have had a lot to think about recently.'

'Care to share?' 

'No not really.' Ems replied while stirring her cup of herbal tea. 'I hope you don't mind. Just need to sort something’s out.' 

'Why not come to the party tonight?’ Alice keyed in, ‘that would cheer you up!!' 

'Oh I don’t think so!'

‘Aww! C'mon, it won't do any harm!! Alice seemed to emphasise the word that it would not do any 'harm' and put on her best puppy eyed expression.

'Ok ok!' Ems relented. 'But only for a few minutes!' 

'That's great!’ Alice beamed. 'See you at eight.'


Chapter Twenty Three
Core Mending

When Ems arrived at Alice’ house, it was already packed with revellers! She had only expected a few friends not a crowd! Had she known this she may have decided not to go! The music was blasting out various songs of 80's and 90's! Ems managed to spot Alice just near the kitchen door chatting with a man and a girl. She waved to her. Alice beckoned her to join the conversation. Ems shook her head. She hadn't felt that it was right to go to her party and now that she was here, the crowd only exacerbated the feeling. She took in a deep breath. Alice made a move towards Ems who was standing at the bottom of the hall stairs. 

'I'm so glad you decided to come!' Alice exclaimed. Ems handed her a bottle of vintage port. 'Aww thanks,' with a delighted smile, she caught Ems by the arm and made a move so she would have to follow. Ems was ushered by Alice to one corner of the lounge.

'I'd like to introduce you to Declan; Alice looked at Ems and towards a man who was standing on his own away from the crowd. 
‘Hi.' Was all Ems could muster.
'Hello' he replied.
‘Dec, this is Ems', Alice interluded.

He nodded his head and extended his hand to her. She took it and greeted with a quick handshake. Ems wondered what was going on inside Alice’s mind. She knew that she was seeing someone, but as yet hadn't elaborated on whom it was. 

Declan, was most likely in his thirties, Ems considered. He had short spikey dark hair, dark grey eyes and wore a Ramones t-shirt, loose fitting blue jeans with casual shoes. Ems considered he bore all the looks of someone who loved to rock and probably most likely to roll too! She laughed inwardly at the thought. He then asked her if she wanted a drink. Ems refused but then she thought she would stay just a while out of politeness. 
'Just plain sparkling water please' she requested. She watched him go to the bar table. Max entered her thoughts. She looked down to the hardwood floor, her thoughts cascading in ribbons of the colour of love he had brought to her life. The vibration in her jacket pocket, made her jump back to reality.

She retrieved her phone from its concealment. The text message was from him. 

'Please contact me. I miss you so very much. I love you. I love you with everything that I am and more.' It was completed with a lot of kisses.

Letting out a sigh, Ems put the phone back in her pocket. Declan had returned with the drinks. He gave her a small bottle of sparkling water and he had a bottle of light beer. 

‘So you know Alice long?' He asked, taking a small sip of the cold beer.

'Oh just since college!' 

'So not long then!'

'I guess not,' she replied matter of fact manner. 'How 'bout you?' 

'A few years,' he spoke leisurely about Alice as if they were old friends, ‘well about sixteen years give or take!'

'Oh my!’ Ems raised her eyebrows in mild surprise, 'she never mentioned you in all the time I have known her!'

He put the bottle down on the small wine table 
'We fell out a few years back over something small, but it got way out of hand,' he took a breath and let it out as a sigh,' and although we are still friends, we are not as close as we used to be.'
Ems tilted her head slightly in a quizzical manner. They had been close, but just how close were they, Ems thought. She never mentioned him not once. It seemed strange.....
’But I wish it was different!' he added. He picked up the bottle and drank some more.

'How do you mean different?' Ems asked, hoping it wasn't a sore subject and not a personal question either.

He looked about the room. Ems followed the direction his gaze took. Alice was standing near the window, talking and laughing with a few people. Her bright red hair set with tiny flowers and a matching knee length dress, she appeared carefree and full of happiness. Ems looked back at Declan. He looked like he was close to tears...

'Do you still love her?' she boldly asked. 

He looked down and smiled a smile tinged with loss and regret. He let out a deep sigh 'Yes, I've never stopped loving her, though she has stopped loving me.' He looked at Ems. She noticed a tear trickle its way slowly to the line of his jaw. 

'I don't know how to win her back and I doubt that she is willing to be with me ever again, she told me so herself. Never ever again is what she said to me, the night she left me.'

He took a drink from the bottle and then turned to Ems. 'I'm sorry to have troubled you. It was very nice to meet you, excuse me, I must be go!' He had disappeared before Ems had a chance to respond. It was all quite a shock, quite a revelation. She wondered what had happened to them, what was the reason for the break up! Asking Alice would prove difficult since it wasn't something she had mentioned before as it is personal. It may be none of her business, but... 

Ems felt it wasn't her place to ask but she had to know, as she made her way through the crowds to Alice.

'Oh where is Declan?' she looked around trying to source where he might be. Ems wasn't sure if she was looking for him, as she hadn't wanted him to leave for one reason or another.

'He left' Ems brought Alice’s straining on her tip toes, to see over people’s heads, back to the ground.

Alice looked back at her. Noting a fleeting concerned expression on her face, Ems queried, 'So you miss him?' she asked with smile.

'Me? No why should I?!' she returned. Alice looked like she was hiding her emotions to Ems. 

Shrugging her shoulders, Ems didn't know if she should say anything of what Declan had told her. If she interfered in anyway, it might cause a rift between herself and Alice! She didn't want that to happen, but then again, if she didn't say or do anything, that might lead her to never know she was loved still and so much by Declan and she would miss out... 

Her thoughts trailed off, Max came into her mind. She too would miss out on love. His love was real as he was too, to her. She made an immediate decision, she would tell Alice and if she didn't want to know, then it is her choice at the end.

'Alice, can we talk a second?' Ems turned her to face her directly. 'Some where private?' she asked. Appearing to be taken aback for a brief second, she nodded and then led the way up the stairs to a bedroom and closed the door behind them.

The room was awash with crazy silver and black painted patterns. The bed itself was a large double covered with a patterned zig zag covered duvet. It wasn't a tidy bedroom, because of the clothes scattered about and a few plastic bags filled with stuff on the chocolate brown carpet.

'So what did you want to talk to me about?' she enquired, while indicating to Ems to join her sitting on the edge of the bed.

'Why did you introduce me to Declan?'  She asked.

Alice looked towards her, then away. 'I thought you might like to chat with him!' 

'It wasn’t because of anything else? Was it?' Ems asked. She has wondered if she was being used by Alice to find out about how he was feeling. Alice then turned back to Ems and askedd, 'Why did he say something?'

Ems looked at Alice. 'Yes' was her brief response. 

To which Alice sprang from the bed and started to pace the room, then stop. 'What did he say?' Tell me... Please!'

Ems looking up to her from where she sat on the bed, 'He still loves you very much, but doesn't believe he will ever have the chance of being with you again.' She continued...' He is almost giving up hope'...

'Almost’ Alice repeated. Ems could see she was thinking so many things are Alice’s eyes darted about the room. 

'Do you want him back?' she enquired.

She paced up and down the room again. 'I made a mistake some years ago, I didn't believe in us enough to stay in the relationship. It was too like a dream for me, so unreal, that I began to doubt everything and I had lost him, but your words have given me hope; hope in that we can get back together. I do still love him, but I am not sure if he will forgive me my stupidity!'

Ems stood up and embraced Alice. Then she spoke with words from her own heart from the love she had felt for Max, 'Well go find him. Talk with him and tell him how you feel, before time runs out!'

'Oh I will.' Alice returned a big hug and then dashed out of the room, repeating thank yous as she disappeared down the stairs, leaving the bedroom door wide open. The music and the voices of the party revellers became clearer. 

Ems stood where Alice had left her. The words she had spoken, 'Before time runs out!' reverberated in her mind.


Chapter Twenty Four
Recall

Time had seemed to have figured a lot in her relationship with Max. ‘Time was of the essence!’ she remembered from an old saying. Max had mentioned about time to her before. But right now, time wasn't of that much importance as was figuring out her place in the relationship. Ok so he wasn’t from this world, yet she was in love with him and so very deeply. It was a very tough thing to take in. Never in her wildest dreams had she ever envisaged this!
 He had kissed her when she had been at her most vulnerable, most lonely with feelings of utter despair. That had greatly shocked her! Giving her goose bump chills. 
What was she going to do?
 She had not communicated with him in nearly two weeks! He sent her texts sometimes eight of them a day. Declaring his love for her and ringing her at least six times as well on top of that. She never answered and never replied back. She needed the time to adjust to all of this. Knowing things would never be the same. Yet through all this, her love for him remained steadfast. It had been unbearably painful to be away from him. She had never felt such inner strength until this, until he had told her everything.  Maybe she could cope with this, maybe. 

Over the next few days, the college final exams would be taking place. Ems did all she could to prepare for them. Setting her mind to her books and curling up on the sofa with the latest in-depth technology based camera work magazine or book. All the while in her mind, he was there. Pictures and memories of times shared and spent together. The lovely holiday they spent in Rambleback. The drive to Silverstown, when they had taken the wrong turn, the paper map proving  useless, so many memories, all so warming, but now so very sad. They could never have that again. It was gone. She didn't blame him, just blamed circumstances, the laws of averages and her own wishful thinking!!

How could it possibly work out?! Eighty per cent said no and the rest well, it was pie in the sky! The day of the exam had finally arrived. It was also the last year of college. An end was coming. Time was moving on. 

Ems bumped into Alice in the corridor, and was immediately surrounded by Alices’ arms in a big hug. 'Thank you, she spoke joyfully, and repeated another thank you!'

Ems looked at her slightly bewildered.

'We are back together again, Declan and myself.' she beamed broadly, 'Thanks to you.' With that Alice again hugged Ems. 'You're a friend for life, our friend, mine and Declans!' 

'Thanks,' replied Ems. 'I am delighted for you both.' 

Ems made her way into class and took out a selection of pens and set them down on top of the desk. She opened her handbag to retrieve a paper handkerchief, when she came across and envelope she hadn't noticed before. She however, recognised the writing. It was Max’. She stood back up and went to the end of the classroom. 

She opened the envelope and letter. It read,
'Ems, lovely one,
‘I cannot stay much longer. My time is almost here. I have to leave. If you do not wish to meet with me, then I will know and I will never bother you again, here or for eternity. I will leave you be, but, if you choose to meet with me, then I will know, that you indeed love me and that love we share will remain boundless for all eternity and you and I will be forever linked to each other. Whatever life we choose, whatever form we take, I will find you, now and forever more.
The choice is yours, here, now, and yours alone. But no matter what transpires, I will always love you!'  
Max xxxx

Ems held the letter tightly in her hand. Her mouth felt dry.

This was what she had waited for all of her life, a love that surpassed the limits of this life, of this existence. The realisation of it caught the feeling in the centre of her chest. Her other hand made a fist in the centre of her chest as she leaned against the wall trying to catch her breath. He didn't say when or where to meet with him. 

'Oh! ‘She exclaimed as she raised her eyes upwards and started to cry. The feeling washed over her that she was about to lose him again, and this time forever. Suddenly she turned on her feet, grabbed her bag off of the table and left the classroom, while she could hear Alice and Ben calling her name. She didn't look back just ran out the main door. 

The cold grey sky almost had a sense of rain about it. But it didn't matter. Her entire focus was on getting home. She just had to get home.
 Sitting in the back seat of the taxi, she sent him a text message.

'I'm sorry that we didn't get more time, it is my fault. I miss you so much. I don't want you to go. I love you with all of my heart. I do not know where to meet with you or even at what time. Contact me when you can.' She added a few kisses at the end. 
She did love him and love him so much; all her delaying meant she had lost time with him, lost a lot of things.

When she got home, she felt very restless. He hadn't contacted her. There was nothing. 
Ems felt she should wait but she had no patience and rang his phone and left messages. Hearing his voice on the machine brought memories flooding back. It started a trail of tears washing down her cheeks. 

She fell asleep while listening to orchestral ballet music played on the sound system. When she awoke, she checked her phone to see if there was a message or call. There was none. No reply. She wanted to send another text but refrained from doing so. She would wait. That was all she could do. 


Chapter Twenty Five

Restoration

She decided to go out into the back garden, into the fresh air. As Ems stood outside and looked into the night sky, she knew something was wrong. The ill feeling inside made her rush back indoors to lie down on the sofa. The pain increased and extended down on her side and across her stomach and chest. It also came with a nauseous feeling. She had never experienced anything like this before. It was an entirely odd feeling. It seemed to concentrate mostly on her right side. She managed enough to get to take a pain killer and spent most of the evening lying on the sofa. He hadn’t text or called her. It was all too quiet! The pounding in her chest was louder than anything, it filled her ears, she felt dizzy...
When she awoke, it was already approaching daylight. She woke up feeling the stiffness from having slept on the sofa, sitting up she look out through the large gap in the curtains. The night sky was just a dusting of grey now as the suns pink and reddish tones were crossing the through the nights dull palate. Ems realised the ill feeling she had was gone. 

‘How strange!,’ she thought.

She reached for her phone and dialled Max, but all she got was his answering machine, so she left him a voicemail message and a text. She had waited for a while to hear something back from him, but nothing came.

Then the phone rang suddenly as she was just about to go and sit out in the garden.

But there was no answer no voice down the line. She replaced the phone back in its charger. 

Out in the morning air in the garden, a faint breeze whispered her hair away from her face, as she sat at the small table again looking skyward, her thoughts were only on Max and what was happening. Why no word? Why the silence?

Then as she was about to pick up the book she had placed on the table...

A hand reached to hers, to stop her...

Shocked, she looked up in mild panic, but then relief by his sudden appearance in her garden, Ems stood up to embrace him. He moved her away, but held her hands. 

‘Ems. Ems. Emma!’ He repeated. 
He looked deep into her eyes and she felt her heart melt but also crash as there was something in there she had not seen before, something ...she could not comprehend! She was poised. She felt she had lost all the power of speech, of questioning, of reasoning.., it all went out of her head, all she could think of was that he was here and here was all that mattered...
 ‘You know I am not from here. I am from somewhere far far beyond human knowledge, beyond this world and planets. No matter how far your mind can expand with knowledge of universes, stars, planets, in other words, the cosmos, you will not be able to find what you seek. For this is beyond anything!’ 

Ems mouth opened as if to speak but nothing came forth. She had so many questions but they were all bundled together, none made sense. All she could do was listen to him, to the rich tone of his voice, the warm eyes, and the way the wind moved through his hair, just him. ‘You know I will always be with you. I carry your love with me always. I carry the memory of us. I carry...’ the words trailed off as his lips found hers. He kissed her lightly at first and then deeply...as she opened her eyes, she saw him gently smile and run his fingers through her hair. 

‘The time for me to leave has come. I will not be back. But I will watch over you. I will always be with you,’ as he placed his hand over her heart, ‘here and here,’ he said, as he placed his other hand on her head. 

‘Why?’ Ems asked and was about to ask more questions, but he placed a finger gently on her lips.
‘Time is limited here, where I am from there is no limit. Life on this world is limited but for a few short seasons. Time will come and time will go, but know this, your love breaks through those boundaries. The love we shared is and will always be inside of me, what you gave, but more than that you gave your time to me, as your earth time is precious, and so it is, this love, our love.’

Ems tried to speak again, but yet again he stopped her, this time by kissing her softly. He cradled her face in his hands, his fingers softly sweeping her skin.

He smiled sadly as Ems felt the first trickle of tears falling down her cheeks. Her eyes had welled up and stung. Her heart was breaking. This was just awful. No words could not convey how she was feeling but the feeling coursed through every fibre of her being. 

‘Can I not come with you?’ she asked snuffling her nose.

‘No you cannot! Not now at least, your time is not yet. Your time may be long or short, but whichever it is, I will be waiting for you. I do not know how many of your earth years this will take but it does not matter what matters is that you live your life well, be happy and ...know that you are loved, always.’

'I love you', he said softly as he gently cupped her face in his palms and kissed her forehead/

‘I love you so much,’ Ems replied.

He then kissed her lips, at first softly, then breathtakingly deep, tormenting her soul, and then ending with the softest lightest kiss.

The lips that kissed hers had suddenly stopped. Ems opened her eyes.

He was gone.

She was alone in the garden.

There was a sudden gust of wind, the pages of the book on the table fluttered open and a small piece of paper flew out onto the grass.

Ems picked it up. 

It read... ‘Time will make no difference, for what was, will always be and for always, will always be in my heart. I am with you now and beyond forever.’ 
Tears streamed down Ems face. She felt as if the whole world had been taken from her. 
Things will not be the same and life without him was going to be the hardest challenge of all. She pressed the slip of paper back into the book and closed it. 

No matter what transpires in life, she would always love him and him only. 

The days passed. Ems went back to college for the last time to collect her graduation certificate. Alice and Ben were amongst those that cheered when her name was called. She took the certificate and gave a smile albeit a sad one to the people in the auditorium. 
'Yay!' Ben shouted out as he greeted Ems with a high five and then being hugged by Alice. Holding Ems by the upper arms, Alice enquired 'Are you coming to the party tonight to celebrate?!'
 ‘We would love you to come, and Paaartaaay! Ben added while doing some twisting dance movements from the 50's!

‘I don't know. I am not sure!’ she hesitated.

‘C'mon it will be fun, you will enjoy it!’ Alice said. You need it particularly at this time. Ems I do understand you know!’

Ems stood in thought for a few seconds. It crossed her mind that she was either going home to stay home alone or going home to go out with friends. She remembered what Max had said. It echoed through her. 

‘Alright, 'she said, and with that Alice started jumping up and down while clapping her hands like a seal. 
‘I will go to your party but I won't stay long though. Ok?!'

Alice stopped jumping when she heard the latter part, but started again, as Alice added, 'But at least you're coming! She beamed broadly.
Ben just looked at Alice and attempted to jump up and down mimicking her.

‘I will leave you two space hoppers to it then!’ Ems smiled lightly. 

When she realised she was smiling, she stopped. What was there to smile about?! He was gone, so were her dreams, her hopes, everything just gone! 

She looked back at Alice and Ben, still jumping around and giggling. Ems remembered Max and his parting words. 'Live your life well, be happy and always know that you are loved.’

Arriving home she struggled to find the house keys. It was lightly raining after a heavy shower, which she had missed by a half an hour, largely due to company of her college friends after the ceremony. Ems pulled out her purse and her make up bag. The sound of metal hitting concrete made her aware the keys had dropped to the ground. 
As she stooped to pick her keys up, she caught a glimpse of the sun breaking through the dark rain clouds which were reflecting in a puddle of water on the pavement and for one brief moment she thought she saw Max smiling back at her, she smiled gently. She felt a well of water fill her eyes, the memories of the love and friendship they had shared came to her. Turning the key, the hall door opened... 
As she saw the photo of Max, which she always carried everywhere with her... 
She loved him, and would love him forever

Epilogue

A few years later, almost July, the heat of the noon day sun scorched the dry parched earth it was one of those hot summer days. Ems along with Alice, Declan, Ben, and her friends Rosie and Klara sat under the cool shade of the large umbrella out in the back garden.
'How is the business going?' Ben asked Ems.
'Just waiting to hear back if I got the new studio!’ she replied and then took a sip of some iced tea.
'Hope you get it!' added Declan.  'Where is it?'

'In Rambleback!' she paused and smiled softly. Her smile tinged with sadness... ‘It is just perfect, and a perfect place to, and for work!'
'I heard it is lovely down there particularly during the summer.' Klara remarked.
Ems looked around and smiled. 'Though I will miss Marlin City,' and inwardly thoughts of moving to Rambleback, so full of beautiful memories, ones that had filled her mind ever since the holiday she spent with Max.
Just then a little boy ran straight out from the patio doors, and scarpered around the garden waving a rocket ship and an astronaut toy. Six years old and so lively! 

He ran towards Ems, where she planted a loving kiss on the crown of his mid brown locks. Merrily he waved the astronaut toy about and pretended he was an intergalactic astronaut spinning in his spaceship through the planets.
Ems turned back to Alice and smiled. 'He has grown so fast!' 
Alice looked past Ems to the boy happily playing with his spaceship and astronaut toys. 'He is so adorable, ‘turning to look at Ems, ‘you’ve been very lucky!'
She smiled back but rather sadly. He was the image of his father, she thought.
'How I wish his father was here to see him grow!' she added, taking in a deep breath, 'but there is nothing I can do about that!'
Ems smiled pensively and inwardly she felt sadness envelope her. There was indeed nothing she could do or say to ease the pain of the loss of Max. No matter how much time had passed, not a day or night went by without the memories flooding back.  He had indeed loved her for a lifetime, an eternity. Looking up to the clear blue cloudless sky, she knew that each night, a star, just the one star in the sky, the one furthest beyond, looked down on her and their son at the close of every day. 
His starlight shone every night, even through the misty clouds. He was always there... Always
‘Time may come and go, and the seasons may drift but some things remain constant, as constant as the stars in the heavens...and that is ...Love.’



About the Author
This is the third book that I have published and my first published novel. I have been actively writing since my school days. I have also been involved in the creative arts, in ballet and contemporary dance, as well as painting, sketching and photography.


