
The Heavier the Chains…


Copyright 2019 Monica Clayton
Published by M.E. Clayton

All Rights Reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The entire content is a product of the author’s imagination, and all names, places, businesses, and incidences are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons (living or dead), places or occurrences, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner, whatsoever, without the express written consent from the author, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Formatting: Smashwords
Cover: Adobe Stock

Warning: This book contains sexual situations and other adult themes. Recommended for 18 years of age and over.
Table of Contents
Author's Note
Contact Me
Dedication
Prologue
1. Kenzlee
2. Talon
3. Kenzlee
4. Talon
5. Kenzlee
6. Talon
7. Kenzlee
8. Talon
9. Kenzlee
10. Talon
11. Kenzlee
12. Talon
13. Kenzlee
14. Talon
15. Kenzlee
16. Talon
17. Kenzlee
18. Talon
19. Kenzlee
20. Talon
21. Kenzlee
22. Talon
23. Kenzlee
24. Talon
25. Kenzlee
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Other Books
Author’s Note
Just a couple of things before I let you go and get your read on. While I am doing my best to work with better editing and proofreading software, all my books are solo, independent works. I write my books, proofread my books, edit my books, create the covers, etc. I have one beta who gives me feedback on my stories, but other than that, all my books are independent projects.

That being said, I apologize, in advance, for the typos, grammar inconsistencies, or any other mistakes I may make. Since writing is strictly a hobby for me, I haven’t looked into commitments in regard to publishers, editors, etc. My hope is that my stories are enjoyable enough that a few mistakes, here and there, can be overlooked. However, if you’re a stickler for grammar, my books are probably not for you.

Also, I am an avid reader-I mean an AVID reader. I love to read above any other hobby. However, the only downside to my reading obsession is when I fall in love with a series, but I have to wait for the additional books to come out. And because I feel that disappointment down to my soul, when I started publishing my works, I vowed to publish all books in my series all at once. No waiting here…LOL. Now, the exception to that will be if enough readers request additional stories based off the standalone, such as in Facing the Enemy. At that point, if I decide to move forward with a requested series, I will make sure all additional books are available all at once. As much as this is a hobby for me, I am writing these books for all of you, as well as myself.

Thank you, for everything!
Contact Me
I really appreciate you reading my book and I would love to hear from you! Now, unfortunately, because I do have a full-time job, and a family I love spending time with, at this time, I’m afraid it would be very hard for me to maintain a multitude of social media sites. However, for the sites I do participate in, here are my social media coordinates:


Website 


Facebook 


Instagram 


Email 


Newsletter 
Dedication
For my mother – 
I’ve seen you fall but get right back up countless times in my life. You could have made a million different choices in your life, but I’m thankful that you didn’t see being our mother as a choice for you. I’m glad you felt like it was something you were always meant to be.

You’re one of the strongest people I know. I don’t say it often, and Lord knows that I suck at showing it, but I love you, Mom. I’ve always loved you, and I will always love you.

We all love you.
Prologue
I had never known a poor day in my life.
I’d never known what it felt like to come home to no electricity or an empty fridge. I’d never known what it felt like to have to choose between a pair of new shoes or school pictures. I’d never known the stress of my car not starting or if my grades were good enough to get a scholarship to college.
What I did know?
I knew that Lela, our housekeeper, had actually two jobs because, while my parents paid her well, her son, Daniel, had a good shot at a baseball career, and so she did all that she could to pay for his sports’ costs. I also knew the trick to cleaning baseboards.
I knew Glen, our landscaper, started his business from scratch, and that he was hoping to be able to pass it down to his sons before he got too old to enjoy retirement. I also knew how to respect the fact that the lands that I called my yard were actual living entities that could die if not cared for; much like the human heart.
I knew Fritz, our cook, had a dream of opening his own restaurant once, but depression had set in and ruined those plans when he had lost the love of his life because he’d been a coward. Fritz was gay but too scared to come out. Dale, his boyfriend at the time, had decided that he just couldn’t live the rest of his life with a coward, so he had left him. I also knew that timing was the key to the perfect meal and the difference between praising a meal or ending up in the hospital from an E. coli scare.
I knew Henry, our maintenance man, hated most people. The only person on the planet that he could stand was his wife, Rhonda. Still, on a good day, I would do. I also knew that I needed to shut off the power supply before dealing with anything electrical.
I knew English, Spanish, French, Japanese, and German.
I knew how to play the piano and the violin, although I was way better at the keys than the bow.
I knew the taste of caviar, which was disgusting, by the way. I knew the tea and crumpets experience, which was stupid and always has been. It was nothing but a gossip-fest in my opinion. I knew mostly cloth napkins and that should say it all, really.
I was only eighteen-years-old, but I knew  summers in Paris, Japan, Australia, Ireland, Rome, and a bunch of other places that people only read about. I’d been to places that people saved their entire lives for, just to visit for one week, and I had stayed entire summers there.
I’d been to country clubs, fund raisers, debutant balls (not mine), yacht clubs, and goddamn croquet matches. I’d been on private planes, had taken part in polo matches, and had even attended the freakin’ Met Gala, courtesy of tagging along with my parents.
As for my friends? Well, they were all the same person.
They were me.
I was them.
They went to the same vacation destinations, the same country clubs, the same private schools, the same games, the same everything. They wore the same brand-name clothing, drove the same expensive cars, and ate the same disgusting exotic foods. They also all had a Lela, a Glen, a Fritz, and a Henry.
The only difference between me and them?
They didn’t know that their Lela had a son who was great at baseball. They didn’t know that their Glen had started his business from scratch. They didn’t know that their Fritz was experiencing a crippling sexuality crisis. They didn’t know that their Henry hated people.
However, they didn’t care to know.
As for me? I was that clichéd poor-little-rich-girl.
I’d been raised by the servants, and I was only put on display when my parents needed to make a good impression. Donovan and Gladys Mitchell only paid me attention when it served their purposes. The same way that they only brought up their dead son during specific events.
Their dead son, but my dead twin brother.
Tragedy and death touched the rich, too. So did drug abuse, sexual abuse, physical abuse, mental abuse, emotional abuse, and any other abuse that you could think of. The rich just had enough money or good enough insurance to get help for it.
Still, I wasn’t complaining.
Honest, I wasn’t.
Except for my brother’s death, I had led a life most people dreamt about. I’d led a life people prayed at night for. I’d led a life people would sell their souls to Satan for.
Like I said, I had never known a poor day in my life.
Until now.
Chapter 1
The choices that aren’t ours.
Kenzlee~
I sat on the bed knowing that I should feel comfortable, but I just didn’t. I knew Uncle Allen was sincere every time that he repeated how he didn’t mind having me here, but I still couldn’t shake the fact that I was already eighteen-years-old. I was technically a legal adult, and it didn’t matter that I still had a good eight months left of my senior year of high school. The weight of knowing that Uncle Allen and Aunt Sheri didn’t have to take me in felt like an enormous burden on my shoulders.
It felt like pity.
Plus, not only was I invading my uncle and aunt’s lives now, but I was also invading my cousin’s life. They were taking in a girl who they’d been lucky to see during the holidays, if that. While I loved my uncle, aunt, and cousin, my parents had made it difficult to maintain a real personal relationship with them over the years. Oh, we chatted on social media and sent texts and stuff like that, but we had rarely seen each other. My mother had married money, and she had never looked back.
Now, it wasn’t as if Uncle Allen was living in lower-poverty or anything like that. However, even his impressive income that boasted of a four-bedroom, three-bath house hadn’t been enough to make him eligible to remain on my mother’s list of priorities. Of course, I hadn’t even been on my mother’s list of priorities, so that wasn’t saying much.
I should have felt comforted as I heard the voices carrying into the bedroom, but I wasn’t. My entire life had shifted, and I was being left to deal with it on my own.
“What do you expect me to do, Allen?!” my mother yelled loud enough that I thanked God my aunt and cousin were out grocery shopping. This situation was embarrassing enough without having people hear how my mother didn’t want to deal with me on top of everything else. “You act like I have a whole lot of options here!”
“She’s your daughter, Gladys! Your only child now that Kaden is gone!” Uncle Allen yelled back, as if she needed reminding. Hell, maybe she did. “You don’t think this is hard on her, too?! And you’re going to just leave her alone to deal with it all?!”
“I’m not leaving her alone, Allen,” she pointed out, finally lowering her voice. “I’m leaving her with you guys.”
“You don’t think that she needs the comfort of her parents?” he asked, still sounding pissed off. “You and Donovan get to support each other through the fallout, but Kenzlee gets shipped off to us?”
“If you don’t want her here, then just say so, Allen.”
There was a slight pause, but my uncle’s voice rang clear. “Listen to me, and listen well, Gladys,” he snapped. “Kenzlee is my niece. She’s the only niece I have, and I love her dearly. She is my family, and she is always welcomed here. We love having her here, and she will be loved here. Don’t ever suggest that she’s a burden or an unwelcomed guest in my home again. I’m just saying that, not only was it fucked-up what you and Donovan did, but dumping Kenzlee off here to deal with it alone is really chickenshit of you guys.”
“Kenzlee will do what needs to be done while Donovan and I figure things out,” she retorted.
Everything was quiet for a few seconds before I heard my uncle say, “It’s only money, Gladys.”
“We lost everything, Allen,” she hissed. “We are poor.”
“You’re bankrupt, not dead, Gladys, so stow away the theatrics,” he said unsympathetically.
“We lost more than our money, Allen! We lost our home, our friends, our everything!”
“Look, I’m not going to try to convince you to do right by Kenzlee, but understand that Kenzlee stays, Gladys,” Uncle Allen said. “You will not come back in three or four months and disrupt her life again. Since she is legally an adult, I will be able to stop you from plucking her from our home.”
“It’s for the best, Allen,” my mother assured him. “And Kenzlee will be fine.”
“Are you going to tell her goodbye, at least?”
There was a slight pause, and I just knew that if my mother could get out of telling me goodbye, she would. However, since Uncle Allen was already judging her, she said, “Of course, Allen.”
My hands went inward beneath my thighs, and I sat on them because I didn’t want to accidently go to hug her goodbye, only to make her uncomfortable. I sat and stared out the window that boasted a view of a wooden fence that separated the adjacent neighborhood yards.
I waited patiently for my mother to come to me with a final goodbye to everything that I’d lost. My father has spent the last three weeks holed up in his study in an empty mansion with my mother. His final goodbye had been to tell me good luck before shutting the study door behind him. After weeks of whispered arguments, I’d been dumped here.
I heard the click-clatter of her heels, and I knew she was entering my room when the sound disappeared with the plush support of the carpet. I didn’t look towards her because what was the point? She didn’t really want to be sharing this moment with me anyway.
Her weight sunk onto the bed, and I could see through my peripheral vision that she was looking out the window at the same mundane view that I was. The silence was profound. It summed up everything that was my relationship with my parents. Still, this was her dump and desert. She should be the one to speak first. So, I sat and waited.
After a few uncomfortable minutes, she finally said, “It’s for the best, Kenzlee.”
“Are you going to let me know…where you guys end up, at least?” I didn’t really care. I mean, I did, but I didn’t. I mean, I cared because they were my parents, but I didn’t because they didn’t deserve it. They deserved nothing from me.
“Of course, we are, Kenzlee,” she chided. “You act…you act like we’re just abandoning you, even though you technically are a grown adult.”
And there it was.
The only thing missing was the act of my mother dusting off her hands.
I was a grown adult, so I was no longer her problem. And because I was a grown adult, I was at the mercy of my uncle’s generosity.
I said the only thing that I could think to say to this…stranger. “Well, I hope everything works out for you guys.”
“Oh, Kenzlee,” she murmured. “Everything will be fine. Your father and I just have to…regroup, is all.”
I sat there and knowing that my parents really couldn’t care less about me was a hard realization to come to terms with. I always thought that if times ever got tough, they’d be there for me. Granted, as a young girl, I never truly anticipated times becoming tough, but still.
As my mother droned on about her troubles, I couldn’t help but think about Lela and how was she going to be able to afford Daniel’s baseball now.

~

Talon~
Edie was going to fucking kill me.
I finally got the bleeding to stop, and frankly, I hadn’t been too worried about it. Everyone knew that head wounds bled like a sonofabitch. I had been able to get away with a butterfly stitch, but there’d be no hiding it from Edie. It wasn’t that I enjoyed lying to her, so much as I just knew how she worried. Plus, I hated that guilty look in her eyes every time that I had a new bruise or scrape. Edie knew I fought, and she knew why I did it.
She also knew that she couldn’t stop me.
I felt a slap on the back of my shoulder. “Great fight, Draven,” someone said on his way out of the restroom. I didn’t look back to see who said it. I didn’t know half the people here, so I took the congratulations like I always did, with a simple nod and grunt.
I studied my face in the mirror and there was no denying it. With Mom working two jobs, I could avoid her until my face healed, but there was no avoiding Edie.
Fuck.
The door to the restroom opened and I watched through the mirror as the Finley brothers, Lars and Hunter, walked up behind me with big ass smiles on their faces. Lars shook his head. “One day, you’re going to get your ass handed to you, Draven,” he laughed. “But until then, you do make me a shitload of money.”
Lars and Hunter Finley were my two best friends. They lived a couple of houses down from my house, and we grew up together in one of the lower-class income neighborhoods. We weren’t exactly poor enough for government assistance, but we weren’t well off enough not to struggle. My father’s crappy child support checks didn’t amount to shit in the scheme of things.
“I know someone who’s going to give you a solid ass kicking,” Hunter joked. “Remind me to stay out of Edie’s way for the next couple of days.”
I turned to face the two idiots. “It’s getting harder and harder to find someone to fight me for big money. The odds aren’t profiting enough,” I told them, ignoring the truth about Edie and her fussing.
Lars shrugged a shoulder. “What do you expect, Tal?” he asked. “With your fight record, no one’s going to bet against you.”
“Maybe you need to lose a f-” I shot Hunter a lethal look that clearly stated that I didn’t lose. He just laughed. “It was just a suggestion, dude. Relax.”
I let out a deep breath, realizing that I was still a bit amped up over the fight. I looked at my two best friends and smiled. “You know what would really bring in the cas-”
Lars already had a hand up, stopping my thoughts. “As much as I’m positive that I can kick your ass, Talon, I don’t need to chance ruining this pretty face of mine, and thus, disappointing the lovely ladies.” We all laughed because we knew that Lars was serious.
I’d always thought that their parents had named them wrong. Hunter’s name belonged on a pretty boy, where Lars’ name belonged on a tatted-up biker. Hunter was the fighter and didn’t give a shit about much while Lars was the lover and put more thought into his actions than either Hunter or I did. Now, don’t get me wrong. Lars had a great knuckle game, and he could fight just as well as Hunter and I could, he just preferred not to if he could help it.
I looked over at Hunter, and he quickly threw his hands up, too. “Don’t look at me, dude,” he chuckled. “While there are a lot of faces that I’d love to smash in, yours isn’t one of them.”
I turned back towards the mirror and examined the damage again. Edie was going to stress, and I hated when she did that. That girl was my entire life, and her happiness was paramount to my existence. Still, as much as she hated me fighting, I did it for her. “How bad does it look?”
“The teachers have long since ignored the way you come to school sometimes, Tal,” Lars replied. “No one bats an eyelash anymore. However, you can’t hide it from Edie. You’re not that lucky, man.”
I snorted. “I’m plenty lucky, asshole.”
I could hear the smile in Hunter’s voice. “Not when it comes to that girl,” he sing-songed.
The pussy.
I turned back towards my friends and shrugged a shoulder. “She’ll get over it,” I said.
“She always does,” Hunter agreed.
Some guy walked in, and the crowd noise and music let me know that there were still a lot of people hanging around for the remaining matches. I always fought first because I hated waiting. Anticipation didn’t prime me up for a fight; it just irritated the shit out of me. I was ready to fight the second that I walked in the door. I also didn’t like to take the chance that, by being the final match, my adrenaline might wane by the time it was my turn. The bookmakers hated it, but again, I didn’t care.
Being the first match also ensured my fight would be over on the off chance the cops got wind of our location and raided the place. It’s only happened a couple of times, but it has happened. Even though we moved the location for every match, you just never knew who had loose lips. More importantly though, I had plenty of time to fix my face before having to see Edie.
“I saw Tammy Jones in the crowd,” Lars whistled. “She’s looking good, gentlemen.”
“She always looks good,” Hunter agreed. “It’s her personality that leaves a lot to be desired.”
Lars threw me a nod. “What says you, Tal?”
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t care what statues are being erected in the name of that girl’s pussy, no sex is worth the crazy that comes with that girl, Lars. So, if you’re going to go there, don’t show up at my house to hide from her later.”
Lars threw me a goofy grin. “It’s not my dick that she wants,” he laughed.
“She’s free to want my dick all she wants,” I retorted, “but she’s not getting it.”
Tammy Jones was everything that you’d imagine when you thought of a hot redhead. She was tall with fiery red hair and a slim, athletic body. However, it wasn’t her looks that made her eye-catching. It was the way that she carried herself. She acted like she was a queen amongst peasants, and no one could deny that confidence was sexy. On most girls, her attitude might appear bitchy, but on Tammy, it appeared regal. Too bad that she was nuttier than a fruitcake whenever she rode cock. There’d been many guys in town that had sought counsel for restraining orders because of the dingbat.
I jerked my head towards the restroom door. “Let’s get out of here and find an ice chest, so I can try to keep the swelling down over my eye.”
Lars chuckled. “Now there’s a match that would make money,” he said. “Edie kicking Talon’s ass because we all know that he’s scared shitless of her.”
I slapped him on the back of his head as Hunter laughed. “Can we just go? You guys are worse than gossipy old women.”
Hunter opened the door, and we all filed out, joining the rest of the bloodthirsty crowd. I fought because I was good at it and it made me decent money, and that’s it. I wasn’t hotheaded or enjoyed physical confrontation, regardless of what people thought.
I fought because I had to.
I fought for Edie.
Chapter 2
The things that shape us.
Talon~
As predicted, Edie had given me all kinds of shit for my face, but as always, I’d been able to calm her down. It wasn’t like I didn’t understand where she was coming from, but I was a realist where she was a dreamer. She believed that things could always work out, one way or another, and I believed that things worked out only if we made them work out.
Like my parents’ marriage, for instance. That could have worked out had my father not been a self-absorbed asshole. Hawkley Draven’s dreams had been bigger than his reality, and while there was nothing wrong with that, he had forgotten the key ingredient to making a person’s dreams come true: hard work. I didn’t care what your dream was, but it was very rare for it to just be handed to you. People had to work to make their dreams come true, and Hawk didn’t understand that concept. Instead, he had blamed his failed life on his wife and children. You know, because my mother proposed to herself and got herself pregnant.
Twice.
Edie and I were only eleven months apart, but she was still my little sister and that’s how I’ve always seen her. While she looked like our mother, I looked like our father, though we both shared the same blue eyes of our mother.
My parents had divorced when I was eight and Edie was seven, and while Hawkley sent a check every month for child support, my mother’s two jobs were what have kept us from being homeless. I had learned the struggles of real-life problems early on, and I’d done my best to help raise Edie to the best of my ability.
It was the reason that I fought for cash.
Edie was smart as a whip, and she had shown signs of excelled intelligence early in life. Now, while I had no illusions that I would do anything else in life besides work, Edie was meant to go to college and make something of herself. I had started underground fighting on my sixteenth birthday, and I’ve been doing it ever since. Edie’s plans were to apply for grants and scholarships, but she’d still need money for living expenses and stuff like that. So, I was making sure that she had all the money that she could need for the day when she finally took off for college. If I ended up with a broken skull or crippled, it’d still all be worth it.
She was worth it.
My sister knew the same borderline poverty that I did. She knew all about broken homes, drug use, and gang infiltration. She knew all this, but she still smiled every morning. She still volunteered in the neighborhood, and she still saw the good in people. If you pointed out a homeless person that most people viewed as a burden on society, Edie saw someone minding their own business, not out committing crimes, or defrauding the welfare system. She saw good everywhere, and I’d do anything to keep that optimism alive in her sweet blue eyes.
As for our mother…well, Helen Draven was neglectful out of necessity. She worked two jobs one full-time as a clerk in a meat packing plant, and the other part-time as a maid for a local shady motel. We passed her in between her shifts if we were home, and sometimes we could catch her before we went to school. However, for the most part, we saw her on Saturday and Sunday mornings only.
It’s been ten years since she and my father divorced, and if she dated, we never knew about it. Mom was a pretty woman with light brown hair and sparkling blue eyes. She was only five-foot-one and built like a fairy pixie. Edie was the splitting image of her, and I thought both the girls in my life were beautiful. Edie’s dream was to make enough money one day that Mom would no longer have to work two jobs. My reality was to work two jobs as soon as I graduated from high school, so that she could quit her maid job. I was okay with working around the clock, so that Mom could finally breathe a little. Things had really gotten rough when I had turned eighteen two months ago, and the court-ordered child support had stopped. However, much to everyone’s fucking surprise, Hawk had stopped by to hand deliver a check, then telling Mom that he’d keep paying until I graduated from high school. It had felt like a prank at first, but so far, he’s kept true to his word. Still, knowing that it wasn’t legally binding, I was still apprehensive about making sure that I had enough fights lined up for money.
When I had turned fourteen, a Finley cousin had taken me, Lars, and Hunter to one of the underground traveling fights. He had snuck us in because he had been high and had thrown caution to the wind. The rules were that you had to be at least sixteen-years-old to fight or watch.
I couldn’t remember any of the matches or the people at that first fight, but what I could remember was all the money exchanging hands after each fight. For the next two years, Lars, Hunter, and I had snuck into a lot of the fights, and the second that I’d been old enough, I had signed up for my first fight. I had trained two years for it, knowing that it was what I wanted to do. I’d rather fight than push a broom for minimum wage, but I hadn’t wanted to end up a bloody mess because I hadn’t known what I was doing. So, two years in the gym and a million videos on boxing techniques later, I had scheduled my first fight, and I had won.
I’d won, and I’ve been winning ever since.
I’ve raked in close to thirty-grand in the past two years, and while I’d had to use some of it in the past to get Edie things that she had really, really needed that Mom hadn’t been able to afford, most of the cash had been set into a savings account for Edie. Now, while thirty-grand was a lot of money, it was nowhere near what Edie needed to last her throughout four years of college. However, what I was hoping for was that, once she got past that first year of college, we could regroup and see where we could go from there. She had even suggested a community college for her first couple of years, but I had suggested that we put that idea on hold, pending her grant and scholarship approvals.
Now, me? I had good grades, and I was on track to getting my high school diploma, but college would never be in the cards for me. Early on, I knew that I was going to probably live in Lakeside (spoiler alert: there’s no lake in this town) for the rest of my life, working some mundane job, but I was okay with that. I was okay with that because I was the man of the family, and men did whatever they had to in order to take care of the women in their lives. We were the protectors and the providers, and if Mom wasn’t going to go out and get a man to take care of her…well, then I had to do it. Once Edie graduated from college and got her own life, I’d be able to concentrate on getting married and maybe having a family of my own. If I had to wait on that wife and those kids because I had other women in my life that I needed to put before them, then so be it. My future family could wait. I’d never neglect them for my sister or mother, and vice versa.
Never.
As for girlfriends? I had never had one, and I didn’t want one. Sure, I had fucked a few girls, here and there, but I had never dated a girl. I didn’t have the patience for whining bitches once they realized that they’d never come before my mother and sister. Especially, my sister. I also made sure that the handful of chicks that I did screw around with knew the score, and they never laid a hand on my condoms. Nope. No ‘oops babies’ for me, thank you very much.
Lars and Hunter had often commented that I took on too much, but their parents were still together, so they didn’t really understand. Now, while they hung out in the same lower-class economical level as I did, their parents shared the adult responsibilities in their household. Neither one of them has had to ever step in and play the role of father to a younger sister. Still, I’d do it all over again if I had to.
All of it just to see my sister wake up every morning with that sweet smile on her face.

~

Kenzlee~
Tomorrow was my first day at Lakeside High, and I’d be lying if I said that I wasn’t nervous. My father’s spectacular failures had been plastered all over the news, and so it was highly unlikely that I could get through tomorrow without anyone knowing who I was.
Luckily, I had Alexandria for first period and that went a long way to settling the butterflies in my stomach. It also helped that I would know at least one person there. I wasn’t going to be that new girl sitting alone at lunch. I also had Alex for sixth period, so that was something.
God, what I wouldn’t give to have my brother here with me.
My father, Donovan Mitchell, had made his money in stocks. He was a money manager, and, oh, the irony. He was brilliant at managing other people’s money, but when it had come to managing his own…well, we saw how that worked out for him.
My mother had fallen into the socialite lifestyle as if she had been born into it. She was the cliché trophy wife, and she had spent my father’s money as if it had come from never-ending magic. She had also insisted that her social networking had been just as important as the hours that my father had put in at the office. So, like him, she had never been home.
They. Had. Never. Been. Home.
Kaden and I had been left to our own devices, and while I had spent my free time seeking love and attention from the staff, Kaden had spent his free time drinking, whoring, and drugging it up. It hadn’t started out that way though. Kaden hadn’t always been…irresponsible, and I could recall with precise clarity when things had begun to change for him.
We’d been fourteen and Kaden had just won MVP of the basketball season. It had been a big deal and the ceremony was going to be broadcasted on television because Madison Prep had gone undefeated, beating out the district’s favorite. I could remember us getting ready to attend the ceremony; Kaden in a three-piece suit, me in a matching dress. The only thing that had made Kaden and I fraternal twins was that he had been born a boy, and I had been born a girl. Other than that, we had looked exactly alike, just a feminine and masculine version. We’d both had the same dark ink-black hair, the same light brown eyes, the same shade of skin, the same look. We both looked like Dad.
However, where I was only five-foot-one, Kaden had already reached six-foot at the age of fourteen. He must have gotten his height from Uncle Allen because Dad was only five-foot-eleven-inches. Kaden had been beautiful and commanding, and he’d had a larger-than-life personality.
We had ridden to the ceremonies together with the promise from Mom and Dad that they’d meet us there because they hadn’t wanted to chance a delay at the airport. They had both been in New York at the time and a flight to California would be cutting it close, even with their own private jet.
I could remember arriving at the ceremony. I could remember Kaden taking his spot with his team. I could remember the pictures, the interviews, the fans, the excitement…all of it.
I could remember all of it.
I could also remember my parents not showing up, and us getting simultaneous text messages saying that they’d had to cancel because Dad had snagged a business dinner with a very high-profile investor, and they couldn’t turn down that once in a lifetime opportunity. They had texted us that they’d ‘had to cancel’.
They’d had canceled on their children.
After that, Kaden had changed. He had started taking our freedom to an entirely different level. He had started partying like he’d been auditioning for an 80s rock band, but it had all been in vain. Our parents hadn’t been around to see him self-destruct, even though that’s why he had been doing it. He had been trying to punish them.
Still, how did you punish people who didn’t care?
It had gone on for a couple of years until, one night, I had gotten a call from Kaden’s girlfriend, Patrice, telling me that Kaden wasn’t responding to her. I had rushed to her house and had found my brother wide-eyed and not responsive, a tray of cocaine lying next to him.
Have you ever felt a piece of your soul dying? If not, I hoped that you never did.
To make matters worse, Patrice had offed herself a couple of weeks later because she hadn’t been able to handle the guilt. Kaden had always been charismatic, and no matter how many times Patrice had tried to right him, one sly wink, one dimpled smile, one touch, and she would cave.
What did my parents do, you ask?
They had buried my brother in a quiet, hushed-up ceremony, and then had smeared Patrice’s good name after she had hung herself. They had blamed her publicly, painting my brother as a victim to her feminine wiles.
I had spent the following year trying to piece my life back together, and I was still unsuccessful with that. I had lost the only person that loved me unconditionally. I had lost the only person that I could count on and who protected me against the world. Even during his darkest times, Kaden had always made sure that I had been taken care of.
However, more than that, I had lost my twin. Literally, I had lost the other half of me. It was a crippling feeling, that. I imagined that was how parents felt when they’ve lost a child. It felt as if your soul had been ripped from your body, but because you needed your soul to exist, it was given back to you, only it was a tattered and torn mess. If that weren’t enough, for the rest of your life, you were always going to feel like a tattered and torn mess because your soul wasn’t meant to exist in pieces. It was supposed to be whole.
Lucky me, after Kaden’s death, my parents had gone back to neglecting me and that’s when I had started spending more and more time with our household staff. The void that had haunted the house because of Kaden’s absence had been slowly driving me crazy, and I’d had to do something. I had always gotten along well with the staff, but it was then when I had actually started spending time with them, learning from them.
Now, two years later, my father had lost everything, and I started my new school tomorrow because they couldn’t be bothered. Hell, if they couldn’t have been bothered when their only son had died, I couldn’t expect them to be bothered now, right?
The thing was that I had stopped caring about money, status, and power when I had been old enough to recognize how horrible my parents were because of those things. Yeah, I had enjoyed having the finer things, but I had worked on trying to be a good person despite the culture around me. It was a good thing, too. Now that I no longer had any of those things, I knew that college was now closer to a possibility, rather than a probability.
I also knew that I was going to have to get a regular job and look towards a different life than the one I had originally planned on living.
That was okay though.
I could do this.
If I could survive the loss of the only person that ever truly loved me, then I could survive this. This was just a new home. This was just a new school. This was just new friends. This was just a new life, and it was a new life that I was still alive to be able to live.
There were worse things.
Like losing the only person who had ever loved and protected you.
Chapter 3
The moments that impact us.
Kenzlee~
Lakeside High looked like all high school campuses across the nation. There was nothing special about it, unless you counted the upside-down mascot that decorated one of the reserved parking spots in the school’s parking lot.
After the banks had seized everything that we had owned, my personal belongings had been the only things that I’d been allowed to bring with me to Uncle Allen’s. Since my car had been in my parents’ names, that had also been taken. So, Alexandria and I had pulled into the parking lot in her used Nissan Maxima that her parents had gotten for her when she had turned sixteen. Oh, they could have afforded brand-new, but they were not about spoiling their only child. Uncle Allen and Aunt Sheri were all about humility and responsibility. It was a cute car, nonetheless.
“Okay, since we got everything last week, we just need to locate your locker before heading to first period,” Alex said as she came around the hood of her car to start walking with me towards the building. Lakeside High was an enclosed high school, but that was about the only thing it had in common with Madison Prep, the lack of uniforms being the biggest difference.
I had agonized all night long about what to wear, until Alex had threatened me with bodily harm if I tried on one more outfit. I had ended up choosing a simple white button-up men’s shirt, a pair of black jeans, and a matching pair of black ankle boots. It was already October, and the mornings were beginning to feel chilly. I had nixed a jacket though, knowing that it would warm up in the afternoon.
Also, because I didn’t want to embarrass Alexandria, I threw my black hair up in a messy bun and played my features down with minimal makeup, a little bit of shimmering powder, black eyeliner, mascara, and a brush of soft pink lipstick.
I nodded in agreement and followed Alex since she knew where she was going. We entered the building, and after handing her my locker information from my printed schedule, she led me to my locker. Alex grumbled how our lockers weren’t together, but I didn’t mind. I knew how blessed I was to have one person who I could hang out with, so I didn’t want to appear greedy.
After putting all my books in my locker and only keeping the econ book and my supplies in my backpack, we headed towards Alex’s locker, so that she could get her econ book, too. Our journey to first period was pretty much how I had expected it to be. People passed and greeted or ignored Alex, but the ones who had greeted her gave me a curious look. Alex hadn’t introduced me since they had all been passing greetings, but I knew that she’d get around to it during break and lunch.
First period had gone smoothly with a quick introduction by our homeroom class teacher, and there had been an empty desk up front, but close enough to Alex that I hadn’t felt like a complete loser. I had been on the receiving end of more curious glances, but so far, everyone had been cool.
As soon as the bell rang, and we started filing out, Alex grabbed my schedule and said, “Your next class is just two classes down, but you’ll have to go to your locker for your history book.” She shook her head. “We should have mapped this out better,” she mumbled. “Oh, well. We can get a better feel for your routine later.” She narrowed her eyes at me, all concerned-parent-like. “Don’t forget, there’s a map on the back in case you get lost.”
I smiled at her pretty face. “I’ll be fine, Alex,” I promised her. “I’ll text you if I start freaking out.”
Alex laughed. “I’ll meet you by your locker for lunch, yeah?”
I nodded and smiled. “I better get going if I have to make it back to my locker, then back here again before the bell rings.”
“Okay,” she replied as she started to head towards her next class. “I’ll see you at lunch.”
I was doing so well on my own, and that should have been my first sign.
I had made it to my locker without getting lost, but when the first warning bell rang, I took off without situating my stuff in my backpack first, and that was the reason why I wasn’t looking where I was going and slammed into a brick wall.
A brick wall dressed in a blue, soft, cotton Henley shirt.
My bag fell out of my hands and a couple of pens rolled onto the tile floor. I dropped down to gather my stuff, all the while apologizing to the wall. “Oh, my God,” I gasped. “I’m so sorry. I…my fault…” After gathering my runaway pens, my eyes took in white sneakers, a pair of dark blue jeans, the Henley shirt, and they kept rising, so I could apologize face-to-face. Then they landed on a face that I didn’t think existed outside airbrushed GQ covers.
Holy Mary, Mother of God.
I wasn’t too ashamed to admit that my knees wobbled a bit as I stood to stand face-to-face with him for my apology…well, face-to-chest, but still.
Before me stood a guy who was well over six-foot, and what a six-foot-plus package it was. He had thick, dark brown hair that looked like the most expensive comb in the world wouldn’t be able to tame it. He had a set of matching brown brows that sat over the most startling blue eyes that I had ever seen in my life. They were so bright that they looked like they glowed. His nose was straight in the middle of two prominent cheekbones, and his jaw was chiseled to manly perfection. His lips looked soft and dangerous. I couldn’t make out much of his body underneath his clothing, but if the impact of which I bumped into him was any indication, the boy was all solid muscle. The butterfly bandage over his left eye and the bluish-purplish hue of bruising around that same eye did nothing to distract from how good-looking this boy was. It actually stood out because it made him look sexier than he already was.
However, what I couldn’t help but really take notice of?
It wasn’t the boy that I had run into and who deserved an apology. It was how my palms had started sweating and my lungs struggled to function. I stood staring up at the beautiful boy, and I felt powerless at how hyperaware I felt just standing so close to him. It was how his penetrating blue gaze held me transfixed where I stood. I felt…hypnotized.
Absorbed.
Cameron hadn’t even made me feel this…breathless during the entire two years that we had been dating. Even when I had given him my virginity, I hadn’t felt this kind of…pull, yearning, heat. We’d only been having sex for the last six months of our relationship, but even believing I was in love with him, he had never pulled this feeling of anxiousness from me. There had been butterflies with Cameron, not the punch of shock like now. I had felt even less when he had broken up with me because I couldn’t get past Kaden’s death fast enough for him. 
Several agonizing seconds later, my motor functions resumed working. “I...I’m sorry,” I sputtered. “I sh…should have been paying attention to where I was going.”
Whatever I had been expecting from our exchange, it hadn’t been the words that came out of his mouth. “You fucking should be,” he barked.

~

Talon~
I had been heading to second period when I had been blindsided by a force that fit perfectly wrapped up in my body, protecting it from the outside world.
I had watched as she dropped on her haunches to gather her pens and situate her backpack. Normally, I would have knelt down next to her and helped her pick up her stuff because my mother did raise me right-contrary to popular belief-but I hadn’t.
I hadn’t because I couldn’t.
The second this girl ran into me, a buzz sizzled in my veins, and I had been shocked at the sensation. I hadn’t knelt down to help her because I had been trying to understand what the feeling was that had rushed throughout my body. When she had looked up at me, apologizing, I’d lost all ability to function normally. I had watched-completely transfixed-as the girl had stood up on wobbly legs and stared back at me.
She looked like motherfucking Snow White.
This girl only stood as tall as my chest, not even reaching my shoulders, but her petite body was rocking some serious curves if that fucking white button-up wasn’t an illusion.
Why did girls do that? Why did they wear men’s shirts or their boyfriend’s jerseys? Did they really have no clue what that shit did to us? Or, at least, to me? A girl in my shirt, jersey, or jacket was like a brand, and while I had never done it before, I was all about branding the girl who belonged to me.
However, her impressive rack wasn’t the only thing that I noticed on her. Nope. I noticed how black her hair was, all knotted up on the top of her head. I noticed perfectly plucked black brows arched over a pair of amber-colored eyes that I had never seen before in my life. I noticed her straight, dainty nose, her rosy cheeks, her full, plumped lips, and how her skin was alabaster perfection. She wore just a hint of makeup, and I knew her face looked pretty much exactly how it did now when she woke up in the morning. No surprises once the makeup came off.
Also, like I said, she was a petite little thing, and that fucking shirt that she was wearing tapered off to emphasize her waistline while she had the first four top buttons unbuttoned. You could see the hint of her cleavage, and I wanted to grab the lapels and rip that fucker wide open. The rest of her was dressed in a pair of black jeans and black boots that only went up to her ankles.
She was easily the most beautiful girl that I had ever seen.
I wasn’t talking sexy, hot, cool, bangin’, pretty, or any of those other adjectives that guys used to describe a girl who had snagged our attention.
I was talking this girl was beautiful.
She was all those other descriptions rolled into one. She stopped you with her beauty, but she fucking paralyzed you with those goddamn eyes of hers.
What’s worse?
Not only was I noticing how stunning she was and the physical reaction that I was having to her, but I was also noticing the physical reaction that she was having towards me. Those fucking unbelievable eyes of hers were rounded, her chest heaving, her voice a stuttering mess, and her face a pretty hue of blush.
It wasn’t just me.
It wasn’t just me and that wasn’t good. I couldn’t afford any distractions at this point in my life. My sole focus was Edie. The foundation of my life’s plan revolved around my mother and sister. I didn’t need a girl creating…emotions in me.
I didn’t need a girl that I couldn’t walk away from.
So, I did the only thing that I could when she apologized. I let her know that it wasn’t welcomed-that she wasn’t welcomed. It hadn’t helped that her clothes, posture, and perfect fucking existence reeked of money. She looked like she had no idea that food stamps even existed and that helped fuel my decision.
“You fucking should be,” I barked in her face. She jerked back, and my first initial reaction was to pull her closer to me and apologize. However, when that fucking sunk in, I realized just how problematic this girl could be to my psyche.
“It…it was an accident,” she muttered, looking confused by my hostility.
“No,” I snapped, correcting her. “An accident would be if we had both been watching where we were going, and a blind spot caused our wreck. But that’s not what happened, now, is it? I was watching where I was going while you were too busy being self-absorbed to realized that other people walked these hallways, too.”
She went from sweet and apologetic to offended and pissed off right before my eyes. “It was an accident,” she snapped back. “I just didn’t realize kings and queens walked these hallways. Next time, I’ll be sure to do better.”
Knowing the clothes that she was wearing cost more than my entire wardrobe put together had me fuming over her kings and queens jibe. I stepped into her personal space and told her so. “Well, if anyone knows how to spot royalty, I imagine it’d be you, wouldn’t it, Princess?”
“You don’t know anything about me,” she hissed.
I shook my head slowly, tauntingly. “Oh, sweet thing, that’s where you’re wrong,” I whispered. “I know all about you. I know that rigid back of yours can only come from years of debutant training. I know the outfit that you have on wasn’t bought at the mall. I know skin so perfect can only come from not having one day of worry in your entire life. And I know that those perfectly manicured nails of yours are not fake, which means only money could keep your natural nails looking that pristine.”
“You don’t know shit,” she snapped, her voice raspy and full of anger.
The last warning bell rang above our heads and the punch to my gut pissed me off even further, because now I had no desire to go to class. Nope. I wanted to stand here and fight with this girl forever. An unreasonable fear crept along my spine that if I let her out of my sight now, I’d never see her again.
The feeling was positively violent.
Her light brown eyes darted around before falling back on my face. “As wonderful as meeting you has been, I can’t be late for class,” she sneered as she went to step around me.
So, what did I do?
The stupidest thing that I had ever done in my life.
I reached out and grabbed her upper arm as she tried to skate past me to her class, and the current that sizzled in my veins earlier was nothing compared to the shock that rocked my body at this one touch.
Fuck me for being a fool because she felt it, too.
She gasped, her eyes widening as my hold on her tightened, and she let out a tiny whimper of discomfort. Her chest started rising and her lips parted in shock. We were so close that I could feel the heat from her harsh breaths warm my chest through my shirt.
However, before I could process this craziness any more, she snatched her arm from my grasp and snarled, “Don’t ever touch me again.”
Fucking hell.
Chapter 4
The direction of our influences.
Talon~
Her name was Kenzlee Mitchell.
How did I know her name, you ask?
I knew her name because, while second and third period had been a struggle, fourth period had been a special kind of hell.
Lars and Hunter had known immediately that something was off when I had stormed into second period, all pissed and distracted, but I had waved them off with the promise to explain later. I also couldn’t tell you what I was supposed to be learning in third period because I had still been pissed and distracted, even then. However, when Kenzlee had waltzed into my fourth period class, and Mrs. Thompkins had made a brief introduction, I knew that I was fucked.
Even her name had me fucked-up. Why couldn’t she have a normal fucking name? What the fuck was wrong with Jennifer or Sarah? No. This goddamn girl had to go and have a Disney name, and I knew my Disney princesses. I’ve read enough of those Disney stories to Edie when we were little to know a fucking princess when I saw one. Now, while I knew Disney didn’t have any princesses named Kenzlee, her name just sounded like it could belong to one.
I had spent forty minutes trying to remain seated in my chair as I burned a hole clean through the back of her head all through fourth period. There had been an empty desk in the front row of the class, and she had planted her fine ass in it the second that Mrs. Thompkins had finished introducing her to the class. Much to my annoyance, when Ryan Sturgess had looked over at her and smiled, I had wanted to beat his face in with my fists. The only reason that I hadn’t was because when she had returned his smile, it’d been done out of politeness, and she hadn’t further engaged in getting to know him.
When the bell had rung for lunch, I had stayed seated until Kenzlee had been safely out of the classroom, and I couldn’t accost her.
Now, Hunter and I were sitting at the table that Lars, Hunter, and I always sat at during lunch, and we were waiting for Lars. His fourth period was in the D-Section, the farthest classrooms from the lunch square. We always ate outside, even if it was raining. The tables had umbrellas to ward off the heat from the bright California sun or the rain on its depressing days.
“So, what the fuck is up your ass?” Hunter asked right before popping a fry in his mouth. We always opted for the concession stand food rather than whatever they were serving in the cafeteria.
“I’m only doing this once,” I replied. “Let’s wait for Lars.” Just then, I spotted Lars making his way to our table with his lunch.
“Thank fuck, already,” Hunter grimaced. “Now, out with it, Tal.”
Lars’ brows furrowed. “Yeah,” he chimed in. “What the fuck was up with you during second? You looked like a Friday night before a fight, dude.”
I wasn’t sure if I was going to sound like a pussy or an asshole, because how did you explain something like this? I wasn’t a fucking girl. I didn’t gossip or talk about females. I didn’t doodle girls’ names on my notebook or fantasize about my future wedding. Hell, I wasn’t even sure of what I was feeling to even explain it to Lars and Hunter. I just knew that she made me…feel.
Without looking up from my tray of food, I asked, “Have either of you met the new girl yet?”
Lars let out a low whistle, and I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. “Are you talking about that fine piece of ass wearing that white button-up?”
Hunter groaned. “Why do chicks do that shit? Females in men’s button-ups should be fucking outlawed. And then people wonder what makes men stupid,” he grumbled.
“I haven’t had her in any classes yet, but I did pass her between third and fourth period, and fuck me running,” Lars breathed out. “Talk about fucking hot.”
I hadn’t meant to.
I hadn’t meant to stand up and stare down one of my best friends in the world, a guy who has stood by me through all the ugly in my life.
I hadn’t meant to.
Lars took one look at my face, leaned back, and threw his hands up in surrender. “Whoa, Talon,” he said, tapping his hands down in a lowering motion. “Calm the fuck down, dude.” He glanced over at Hunter. “I was just saying, is all…”
Hunter’s voice called my attention. “What’s up, Tal?”
I took a deep breath before sitting back down.
This was fucked.
I was fucked.
My eyes darted back and forth between my two friends as I started explaining how I’d lost my goddamn mind this morning. “She ran into me on my way to second period. Like, literally, ran into me,” I told them. “And, uh, we exchanged a few words.”
Hunter arched a brow. “Exchanged a few words?”
“What the fuck does that mean?” Lars asked.
I took another deep breath, then proceeded to retell the sweet story of how we’d met earlier. When I was finished, Lars looked shell-shocked as Hunter leaned forward and asked, “What the fuck, Tal?”
I shook my head, lunch ignored. “I don’t know,” I admitted. “But what I do know is…she brings out some deep, dark hate along with a hard dick when I think about her.”
“Okay,” Lars chimed in, “I’m not caring what you got going on with your dick, so you can leave that shit to yourself.” Hunter laughed, and I just snorted. “Now, more importantly, is she the enemy or do we embrace her like one of the Musketeers?”
Hunter rolled his eyes. “You’re an idiot,” he chuckled before looking over at me. “So, how do we play this out, Tal?”
I shrugged a shoulder. “Honestly, I don’t know,” I confessed. “I have no idea why she makes me want to kiss and strangle her all at the same time, but…no other guy touches her until I can figure it out, okay?”
This time, Lars let out a slow, long whistle. “Never thought I’d see the day,” he muttered.
“You and fucking me both,” I grimaced.
Hunter was quiet for a second before finally saying, “You’re going to have to decide quickly, Tal. I saw her in passing, too, and the guys aren’t going to stay away for long, if at all.”
I looked both my friends in the eye. “Any guy touches her, he’s dead,” I said, the seriousness in my voice absolute.

~

Kenzlee~
Fourth period had been a special kind of unfamiliar torture and it had sucked.
I had never experienced such rude hatefulness from a person before meeting Talon in the hallway, and the only reason that I knew his name was because of Mrs. Thompkins. She’d had to direct him to sit down after she had announced me to the class.
Talon.
I didn’t know his last name, but his first name fit him perfectly; deadly once in its grip.
The exchanging of barbs earlier had put me on edge, but when his hand had snaked out and grabbed me in its hold, the sensation that had danced up my spine and across my skin had been enough to know to stay the hell away from him.
I’d never been fanciful or believed in true love or crap like that-I couldn’t afford to. My life had never been overly affectionate or loveable, save for my brother. My parents had always acted the proper, polite adults just like everyone else’s parents that I knew. Kaden used to joke that it was a miracle that we had even been conceived. He used to swear that we’d been conceived in a petri dish somewhere. Mom had offered up her eggs, Dad had jacked off into a cup, the contents had been tossed into a blender, and whala…nine months later, twins.
Even while dating Cameron, he had stuck to the no-affection theme. After all, we weren’t heathens, he’d say. Only animals rutted in public or mated with no consequence. No lie, it would take the guy a full two minutes to put on a condom. It’d been so tedious and clinical that I had often opted out of foreplay because I had hated it when I’d be turned on and ready, then he’d push Pause to put on protection. Now, it wasn’t the protection that I had minded because, even though I was on the shot, I did not desire to be a teenage statistic. It was how he’d stop and take his time getting the condom, unwrapping it, pinching the tip, sitting down (because he needed to be comfortable to do it right), then finally rolling it over his dick. Then, once it was safely and securely covering his appendage, he’d climb over me, get re-situated, and then finally enter me, all very polite-like. If I was being completely honest, the dude wasn’t packing a whole lot of heat. It shouldn’t have taken him but a second or two to roll a condom on.
Six months of unbridled passion our relationship was not. It had been more like an evolutionary next step after dating for two years.
However, Talon’s quick touch had triggered more desire in me than Cameron had managed to do in two years, and that was scary as hell. So, now, sitting at an empty lunch table with Alex, I knew that I needed some advice.
“You know, every single day I tell myself that I’m going to stuff my face with a big, fat, juicy burger, instead of a sad, lonely, chicken salad. Then, every single day my thighs rubbing together remind me why I pass on the burger,” Alex grumbled, picking at her salad.
“Oh, c’mon, Alex,” I chuckled. “It doesn’t look that bad.” She snorted. “And your thighs do not rub together.”
Her pretty ice-colored eyes pierced right through me. “Kenzlee, they could start a goddamn fire with how much they rub together,” she retorted.
I smiled at my cousin. “Guys like thick thighs,” I teased.
“Yeah,” she huffed. “That is until they’re being suffocated between them.”
I laughed. “You are so ridiculous.”
She smiled and finally dug into her salad. “A little,” she agreed.
We ate in silence for a little bit, her eating her salad, and me eating my turkey melt. I ate a couple of bites before telling her about Talon. “So, uh, hey…do you know a guy named Talon?”
Good thing that I waited until Alexandria had finished the bite of her salad because her voice came out all hawkish and screechy sounding. “Talon Draven?”
I shrugged a shoulder, trying to appear casual. “I don’t know his last name,” I told her. “He’s in my fourth period class, and I heard the teacher address him by Talon only.”
Her head started bobbing side-to-side as she blinked the crap out of her eyes, and I guessed that was the way that she looked when her mind was working. “Well, since there’s only one Talon that goes to school here, I’m going to go out on a wild limb here and say it’s one in the same.”
“The CIA should totally recruit you,” I deadpanned.
“Right?” she countered, completely unfazed.
“So, what do I need to know about Talon Draven?” I asked.
Alexandria’s eyes narrowed. “Nu uh, you first,” she smirked. “Why are you asking about Talon?”
Normally, I wouldn’t spill my deepest, darkest thoughts and feelings, but Alexandria was my only ally here. We weren’t super close because my parents were self-absorbed assholes, but we were family, and she’s always been good to me. So, I spilled. I didn’t tell her about the whirlwind of emotions that he’d made me feel though. I just told her about our encounter and the acidic exchange.
She was quiet for a few long ass seconds, but finally, she said, “I don’t know him well or anything. I mean, we’re not friends. We don’t hang out. Still, I’ve seen him at football games, after-parties, things like that. I have him in fifth period, but we don’t sit next to each other.”
Alex paused, and after a few seconds, I lost my patience. “That’s it? That’s all you got?”
Her brows shot up, and I knew that I had just given myself away. “Well, my, my, my, Kenzlee,” she sing-songed. “Is there something that you’re not telling me?”
“Of course, there’s not. I just explained to you how much of a jerk he was in spectacular fashion,” I reminded her. “I just wanted to know…if he’s…dangerous or…I don’t know…”
My cousin took pity on me. “All I know are the rumors, Kenz,” she admitted. “Like I said, we’re not friends nor do we hang out together. I have third period with his two best friends, the Finley brothers, but I don’t sit by them in class, either.”
“So, what are the rumors,” I prompted her.
She started ticking off the rumors with her fingers. “That he’s a bit of a dick. He loves no girl, other than his sister, Edie. He knows lots of people but only considers Lars and Hunter his actual friends. He’s the best fighter in the underground scene. His family could do with some financial help. And regardless of his bad boy reputation, he actually gets good grades and does try to stay out of trouble as much as he can.” Her eyes sparkled before adding, “Oh, and if the braggarts are to be believed, he never fails to deliver in the bedroom.”
I mulled over everything Alex said, but only one thing stood out. “He actually takes his time to make it into their bedrooms?”
She laughed. “And that’s why I think the girls bragging about him are lying.” She shook her head. “No way Talon Draven cares about any girl enough to protect her modesty like that. He strikes me as a screw-them-in-the-backseat kind of guy.”
I nodded my head. “I think you’re right.”
I also made a mental note to never get into the backseat of Talon Draven’s car.
Chapter 5
The unfairness of our judgements.
Kenzlee~
There was nothing worse in the world than teenage co-ed high school gym class.
Whether you had your eye on someone or not, no girl wanted to sweat her makeup off in front of a bunch of cute guys.
No girl.
Even if you weren’t worried about looking like a Halloween experiment gone wrong, no girl wanted to be the girl that the other girls didn’t want on their team.
High school gym class was the worst.
Then, in the middle of my miserable thoughts, The Good Lord looked down upon me and said, “Okay, Kenzlee, I’ll cut you a break today because I owe you from that thing that Satan did earlier with Talon Draven,” because the boy’s coach announced, “Ladies, Coach Hiller had an important meeting she had to attend, so it’s a free-for-all this period. You ladies are free to exercise however you want as long as it’s with body motion and not sitting down on the mats gossiping.” I immediately went in search of a basketball, and figured that I’d spend this period shooting hoops, minding my own damn business.
I walked over to the ball cage, and just as I picked up a basketball, I heard a voice behind me. “Hey, there.”
I turned around and came face-to face-with a very cute guy with dark auburn hair and green eyes. I wouldn’t necessarily classify him as a Ginger since his hair was so dark, but even so, it worked for him. He was taller than me, but that wasn’t saying much since I was only five-foot-one. I had to tilt my head to talk to him. “Hey,” I greeted back.
He smiled and showed a row of perfect teeth. “I’m Jason Fuller,” he said, introducing himself. “I’m captain of the basketball team.” He looked pointedly at the basketball in my hands, and I laughed.
“I’m Kenzlee Mitchell.”
Jason nodded. “Alex’s cousin, right?”
Small world.
Or school, I imagined.
“Yeah,” I confirmed. “We’re cousins.”
His hand came up and started rubbing the back of his neck, and I thought it was a sweet, nervous, endearing gesture. “So, you like basketball?”
Before I could answer, a male voice boomed from behind me. “Jason, my man, whatcha up to?” I turned my head, and two of the best-looking guys that I had ever seen entered my vision.
Holy crap. What did this town have in its water?
You could tell they were brothers because they shared the same chocolate-colored hair, the same bright hazel eyes, and their bone structure was right on. If they weren’t brothers, then they were closely related, somehow.
I turned back towards Jason when he answered, “Nothing much. How about you guys?”
The shorter one, only by an inch or so, replied, “Well…see, Jason, we were over there, ready to do our health-conscious duty, when we noticed you over here talking to Draven’s girl. So, well, we decided to come over and join the party.”
What. In. The. Actual. Hell?
Jason’s eyes flicked towards mine really quickly. “What do you mean, Draven’s girl? This is her first day of school, for fuck’s sake.”
I shook my head. “I’m not-”
The taller guy interrupted me as if I weren’t present. “Doesn’t matter. She’s Talon’s. If you have a problem with that, take it up with him.”
I stepped in front of Jason and looked up at him. “They’re lying,” I rushed out, desperate for it to be the truth. I didn’t know what game Talon and his friends were playing at, but I wanted no part of it. “I don’t even know Talon Draven.”
Jason’s good ol’ boy charm slipped. “Then what the hell are Lars and Hunter talking about, Kenzlee?” Lars and Hunter? Those were the guys that Alex had said were Talon’s best friends.
“I don’t know,” I insisted. “I only met Talon for like five seconds this morning.” It wasn’t that I was interested in Jason, I just didn’t like what was happening. From where I stood, it looked like what was happening was that Talon was calling the shots, taking away my choices.
Like hell I would let that happen.
No fucking way.
I heard a tsk beside me. “Now, now, now, Kenzlee,” Lars or Hunter cooed, “Tal’s not going to like hearing that.”
I whirled around on him. “I don’t give a rat’s ass what Talon likes hearing,” I informed him. “We’re not…we don’t…”
The taller one smirked. “You’re not, you don’t, what?”
I almost threw the basketball that I was still holding right into his perfect-looking face. Instead, I took a deep breath and called on all my polite upbringing. “I don’t know what you guys are playing at, but you can tell Talon Draven to pick another pawn because I’m not the one.”
“You heard her, Hunter,” Jason smirked. “Looks like the lady has spoken.”
So, the taller one was Hunter and that must make the other one Lars. It didn’t really matter who was which, or that Jason was antagonizing them by pretending to be on my side. I didn’t want any part of whatever bullshit male pissing contest this was. I didn’t need this shit. I was so used to being numb and neglected since Kaden’s death, I didn’t welcome this attention.
I looked between all three guys, making sure to convey just how serious I was. “Look, I don’t know what all you guys are doing, and I don’t care about whatever dick measuring contest you guys got going on. Just leave me the hell out of it.” Lars smirked, Jason seemed to deflate a bit, and Hunter just crossed his muscular arms across his chest. Each boy was dressed in the gym uniform of shorts and tank tops, so it was easy to see they were all in good shape. “This is my first day of school,” I reminded them. “I don’t need or want this crap.”
I turned away from the group and made my way to the basketball hoops. There were some girls already playing, and they could never know the solid that they did me when I walked up to them, and a cute blonde smiled at me and asked if I wanted to join. I set my basketball off to the side and got lost in the game.
Thirty minutes and a couple of new acquaintances later, I was in the gym locker room, preparing to change clothes and get ready for sixth period, when a note fell out of my gym locker. I picked it up and unfolded it.

Sorry about earlier. I’d still like for us to be friends. -Jason

~

Talon~
With each passing class, I was becoming more and more…unhinged.
During sixth period, Hunter had recounted the events of gym class, and after tapping down the urge to hunt Jason down and fuck him up, I was glad to know that Hunter and Lars were in gym with Kenzlee. They would keep an eye on her until I figured out what I was going to do about her.
The more I thought about her, the more pissed off I became. I didn’t like how she pulled at me. I didn’t like how a girl with breeding, money, and class pulled at me. My breeding wasn’t blue blood, I’ll never know money, and I dropped too many f-bombs to ever be labeled as classy. A girl who looked like Snow fucking White was not supposed to ever land on my radar.
However, now, that same fucking girl was walking into my seventh period class like she hadn’t just upended my entire life, and I didn’t deal well with lack of control. I watched as Mr. Styles glanced around the classroom, whispering to her. My eyes followed his, and I quickly assessed the problem.
There were no empty desks.
The demon on my shoulder started cackling like an old witchy hag. My desk was in the back corner by the window, so it was about as private as we could get in here. I stood up, then making sure that my voice carried across the room, I said, “She can share my space, Mr. Styles.”
Kenzlee’s entire body stilled, and even from where I stood, I could see her knuckles turn white with the death grip that she had on her book. She had two choices right now: cause a scene or give in gracefully. I was willing to bet my left nut that all that good breeding and her classy upbringing would make her give in gracefully.
It looked like I was right.
I stayed standing as she walked towards me, and the sight of her coming towards me-coming towards me-had cemented her fate. My heart was thumping in my chest. My stomach felt empty. My blood sizzled in my veins. My eyes saw nothing but her.
I fucking hated it.
I hated it like you hated that drunk driver who crashed into and killed your entire family, changing your life forever. Like an uncontrollable force reshaping your life for the worse.
Edie and my mother had always been the plan. They had always been the plan, and now, this girl was threatening that because she called something in me that was stronger than my plan. So, if I didn’t have enough self-control to stay away from her, then I was going to take her down with me.
Kenzlee stopped when she reached my desk and immediately voiced another problem. “There’s only one seat,” she muttered.
I gestured for her to take my seat, and once she did, I walked over to the supply closet and pulled out one of the folding chairs that were stored in there. I headed back to my desk and positioned the chair with the window behind my back, and where I’d be facing Kenzlee as she faced the front of the class. Our knees touched and she moved as far away from me as possible.
I moved closer.
Her tawny-colored eyes snapped to mine, then returned to the front of the classroom. “Could you not,” she hissed, knowing full well what I was playing at.
I reached around, grabbed the back of her neck-which I shouldn’t have because the buzzing in my veins skyrocketed-and squeezed. She grimaced and it was a beautiful sight. I leaned in, so that my breath could tickle her left ear. “Do you need a credit check? Is that it? Do you need to see a person’s car? Do you need proof of bank statements before you let a guy touch you?” I taunted. “How many commas need to be on that bank statement before you’ll let a guy crawl in between those thighs of yours?” Her jaw clenched but she stared straight ahead, not acknowledging my words.
Not appreciating being ignored, I squeezed tighter until she let out a painful whimper. “Let me go,” she seethed.
My tongue darted out and licked over that diamond stud that I knew was real. “How many commas, White?”
She couldn’t move her neck, but I could feel her eyes slide my way. “White?”
I released the grip on her neck and ran my fingers under her hair, letting my thumb caress the slope of her neck. “You remind me of Snow White,” I admitted. “Black hair, light eyes, fair skin, and the fact that, if you don’t live in a castle now, you used to.” I didn’t know her story, other than the rumors Lars and Hunter had brought me throughout the day. She was Alexandria Grant’s cousin and moved in with them a couple of weeks ago or so. The guys were going to dig deeper, but the rest of it didn’t matter to me. I didn’t care who she was related to or where she came from. All that mattered was that she was here.
“Now answer the question, White,” I demanded. “How many commas need to reflect on my bank statement for it not to be rape?”
Her head snapped sideways, and her eyes burned with loathing. That word usually got a woman’s attention quickly. Her teeth were clenched, but she still got her words out. “Because there’s a possibility of that happening?”
Fuck no, there wasn’t.
I wasn’t a goddamn rapist or sexual predator.
Still, I wasn’t going to tell her that.
“I think that like all spoiled, money-grubbing bitches, you’ll spread your legs for the right dollar amount,” I answered instead. “Hell, you might even swear it was love if the diamond’s big enough.”
Her eyes danced back and forth between mine. “You don’t know anything about me,” she repeated from this morning’s encounter.
I smirked. “Oh, so you’re one of those, huh?”
Her brows shot down. “One of what?”
“You’re one of those rich sluts who like to slum it with the help, huh?” The corner of my mouth lifted in an ugly grin. “You like being held down by a guy who has dirt under his fingernails, White?”
Before she could answer-or slap me sideways-Mr. Styles took exception to us not paying attention to him. “Mr. Draven and Ms. Mitchell, while I’m sure you guys are simply getting comfortable in your tight confinements, I do need your attentions focused up here, please.”
Kenzlee growled while I chuckled, and I finally let go of her neck and leaned back to give her some breathing room. The rest of class was spent with Kenzlee trying to pay attention to Mr. Styles, and me paying attention to only Kenzlee.
Knowing that she was in two of my classes killed my resolve to stay away from her. I wasn’t going to be able to now. I still wanted to, but I wasn’t a drama queen, and I didn’t lie to myself. I was a big boy. I knew that whatever determination I had boasted earlier of staying away from her no longer existed. The second that she had started walking towards me, in the way a woman was supposed to walk to her man, it was over for me. It was all over for her, too.
She just didn’t know it yet.
Chapter 6
The thoughts that consume us.
Talon~
“So, I hear that you’re stalking the new girl and pretty much stamped your name on her forehead and stuff,” Edie announced as she sat her annoying ass on the edge of my bed.
I was always home before she was because she had a ton of after-school programs and activities to pad her college applications. Plus, I knew that she liked being involved in different things. Edie’s mind was as open as a person’s could get. She didn’t judge, and she thought anything was possible.
Mom had just left for work, and I had just finished putting dinner in the oven and was getting ready to do some homework when Edie had waltzed in. “How many times do I have to tell you not to listen to gossip? Especially, if the gossip is about me?”
She chuckled. “Oh, c’mon, Tal. I can’t help it if people feel the need to tell me all about my big brother’s escapades or sexapades.”
I seared her with a look. “Don’t, Edie. I’ve already told you about that shit.” Ever since I started fighting, girls have done the most to grab my attention, and many of them had thought they could go through my sister to get what they wanted.
That never worked out.
The minute that a girl made any comment about talking to my sister when I knew that they weren’t real friends of hers-because I knew all of Edie’s friends-I’d shut her down. Still, not before telling her to stay the fuck away from my sister.
Now, normally, when I invoked my don’t-fuck-with-me tone, people knew to back off. However, Edie wasn’t one of those people. She was the only girl not afraid of me. Well, she used to be the only girl. “So, then, the rumor that Lars and Hunter warned Jason off her during gym is a lie? Or how about how you shared your desk with her during seventh period? Is that a lie, too?” Edie leaned closer to me and grinned. “Or how about the rumor that you had your hand wrapped around her neck during class, and Mr. Styles had to order you guys to pay attention?”
Motherfucker.
Didn’t people have better things to do than worry about what I was up to?
I grabbed my books to take them into the kitchen, so I could do my homework and keep an eye on dinner. “Dinner will be ready in about twenty minutes,” I replied, ignoring her questions.
Edie hopped off my bed, her blue eyes wide. “Are you seriously not going to tell me?” She slapped her hands together in prayer. “Oh, c’mon, Talon,” she whined. “I just want to know if you like her.”
Did I like her?
Did I like Kenzlee Mitchell?
Hell fucking no, I didn’t like her. I didn’t like one goddamn thing about her.
I’ve liked girls before. I’ve been attracted to girls before. I could appreciate a good-looking female or one with a kick-ass personality.
Still, to like Kenzlee Mitchell?
Nah.
What I felt for Kenzlee wasn’t like. I wasn’t going to call it love because that would be just fucking ridiculous since I’ve only known the girl for five minutes. Still, whatever it was I felt for her, it was way past the level of liking her and that’s what I didn’t like about her.
Now, although I wasn’t going to tell Edie all that, I still didn’t want her to be in the dark. She was everything to me, and I didn’t like her feeling stupid because she thought other people knew me better than she did. I didn’t like her being blindsided by gossip.
I walked over to my sister, placed one hand on the back of her head, then brought her in for a kiss on the forehead. I leaned back and looked down at her. “If anyone asks, what I do and who I like are none of their business,” I told her. She nodded, and she looked a little sad because I knew she believed I wasn’t going to tell her anything personal. “But as far as you, Lars, and Hunter are concerned, Kenzlee’s mine, Edie. She kind of doesn’t know it yet, but she is.”
Then my sister did something that I’d never seen her do. Her head fell downward, and she started wringing her hands in nervousness. “Do you think she’ll like me?” she whispered.
I stood there, completely dumbfounded that my usually, happy, positive, upbeat sister was nervous about a girl she didn’t know liking her. My voice came out harsher than I would have liked. “First, since when does anyone not like you, Edie?” I asked. “And second, why do you care if she likes you or not? What does it matter?”
Edie’s head popped back up, and she rolled those blue eyes that matched mine and Mom’s. “I know I get along with everyone, but she’s not everyone, Tal,” she stressed as if I were slow in the head or something. “You’ve never liked a girl before and…well, this is big.”
I sat down and patted the space next to me. Edie let out a dramatic huff, but she sat down, nonetheless. I turned my head, so that we were looking at each other. “I need you to understand something, Edie, okay?”
“Okay,” she whispered.
“The day will come when I’ll have a wife, and God willing, a bunch of little girls-daughters,” I told her. “But until that day comes, no female will ever come before you or Mom, Edie. I absolutely adore you and if anyone has a problem with that…well, it won’t be my problem.” Her eyes glossed over, and she gave me a small nod of her head. “And even after I get that wife and those daughters, you’ll still always be my sister, Edie. I need you to understand that. I need you to understand that everything I’ve done, and everything I’m doing, is for you. It’s for you and Mom. Right now, you two are the only loves of my life, and no one will ever come between that. No one.”
“I know that, Tal,” she murmured. “But that’s why it’s important to me that Kenzlee likes me. With everything that you sacrifice for me and Mom…well, if she matters to you, I want her to like me.”
“If she doesn’t like you, Edie, then she’s gone,” I replied. “It’s as simple as that.” I willed it to be that simple. “Your future is not worth any girl.”
“It is if you love her,” Edie countered.
“Perhaps. However, I’m not in love with Kenzlee,” I said, hoping that I wasn’t lying.
“Do you think you could be in love with her one day?” she asked, sounding like she was six-years-old again, and I was reading Snow White to her.
I smiled at her because I didn’t want my sister seeing just how dark her brother’s soul really was. “Anything’s possible, Edie.”
After a few seconds of silence, Edie muttered, “I passed her a couple of times today at school. She’s awfully pretty, Tal. Like, really beautiful. It’s a good thing you got to her first.”
“Yeah, she is,” I agreed.
And, yeah, it was.

~

Kenzlee~
Dinner was agonizing, but I understood it all.
Uncle Allen and Aunt Sheri had wanted to hear all about my first day of school and had asked all the standard questions. How did I like Lakeside? Did I make any new friends? Did I like my teachers? I had told them everything, except about my encounter with Talon Draven.
Hell, I wouldn’t even know what to say if I had mentioned him. I mean, how did you explain how we met? How did you explain what had gone down in gym or godawful seventh period?
Seventh period.
That stunt he had pulled by sharing his desk had nearly had me ready to throw my book at his beautiful face, but when he had wrapped his hand around the back of my neck, I had almost bolted out of the classroom. The only reason that I hadn’t was because I truly had not wanted to cause a scene. That nonsense during gym had been bad enough, I hadn’t needed to add to it by running away from him in class.
Still, the second that his fingers had circled around my neck, I knew that I needed to stay away from the guy. Another person’s touch should not be able to alter your physical chemistry. It shouldn’t make you feel hot and cold right through the marrow in your bones. It shouldn’t make you feel…tethered. Human touch was supposed to make you feel connected, comforted…it shouldn’t make you feel chained to someone. It sure as hell shouldn’t make you feel chained to someone that you’ve only known for a day, but that’s what I felt.
I felt chained to Talon Draven.
His large, hot hand wrapped around my neck had made me feel…honestly? Like crawling into his lap and letting him make the entire world go away.
I had to laugh.
Sever neglect was able to make you feel that way from the first person that could show you something different, and it could also make you lose your mind over the first person that could make you feel something different.
Sweet Jesus, and when he had licked my earring…Christ.
It wasn’t right for a person to be that lethal. It wasn’t right for a person to have that much pull or control over another human being.
After dinner I had gone straight to my room, and after an hour of staring at the ceiling, I still had no answers where Talon Draven was concerned. I knew that I needed to stay away from him, but that’s about as far as I’d gotten.
My phone rang, dragging me out of my thoughts. Grabbing it, I saw the name flashing across the screen and smiled. “Julie,” I breathed.
“Hey, Kenz,” she greeted over the phone.
Julie Crane and I had been friends since we were in grade school, and while she hadn’t been my best friend, she had been the only one who hadn’t abandoned me when my parents had lost everything. My so-called best friend, Belinda? Yeah, she had abandoned me faster than the bank had cut off our credit. Still, if I was being honest, she had started abandoning me around the same time that Cameron had dumped me. Around the time I had stopped being self-absorbed and had wanted to be a better person.
“What’s the haps, chica?” I asked, suddenly missing her terribly.
“It’s the same old thing here,” she replied. “I’ve got nothing important to report. I’m actually calling to hear all about what you’ve been up to.”
“Oh, nothing much,” I deadpanned. “Just a new life, new school, new friends, and new future.”
“Yeah, but does that new life, new school, new friends, and new future include new hot-looking guys?” she laughed.
Little did she know.
“Well, they’re definitely not interested in me, but there are these two brothers who look like they should belong on a magazine cover, except they look too…rough to pull it off,” I admitted.
“Ooooohhh, do tell,” she chuckled.
“Are you in your room?”
“Yeah.”
“Go to your computer, pull up the social media platform of your choosing, then type in Lars or Hunter Finley,” I told her.
“F. I. N. L. E. Y?” she asked.
Shit. I wasn’t sure. “I think so,” I replied.
I waited patiently, and a couple of minutes later, I heard her appreciation loud and clear over the phone. “Holy hot damn hell, Kenz,” she squealed. “What the hell kind of water is in the lake at Lakeside?”
“Right?” I laughed.
“And how do you know they’re not interested in you? Everyone’s interested in the new girl,” she argued. “That’s like…part of what makes the world go round.”
“Well, I’m just a dime-a-dozen here,” I disagreed. “And if you’re drooling over their pictures like I know you are, you can clearly see that those two brothers can probably get any girl that they want. I am not anything special here, Julez.”
“I think you actually believe that bullshit,” she tsk’ed. “You’ve always been special, Kenzlee. You just hung out with people who couldn’t see that.”
“How’s Scott?” I asked, changing the subject. Scott Middleton was Julie’s boyfriend of about a year, and while he had money like the rest of them, he wasn’t a jerk about it. He was actually a decent guy, and he was fucking crazy about Julie.
“Wonderful as always,” she sing-songed. “And I’m not going to water down how wonderful he is to soften the blow to anyone who isn’t dating someone as wonderful as him.”
I laughed and it was probably the first real genuine laugh that I’d had in ages. “As you shouldn’t,” I told her. “Yell it to the world, girl.”
“I do,” she quipped. “Often.”
“Just don’t make me wear some godawful monstrosity of a bridesmaid dress when the time comes,” I teased. “I do not want to have to wear some tangerine taffeta suffocating contraption.”
“First off, you’d look great in tangerine,” she sassed. “Second, if we do get married, it’ll be after college, and who knows what will be passing for bridesmaid dresses by then.”
Her casual mention of college caused a pang in my chest, but I knew that she hadn’t meant anything by it. Besides, the world didn’t need to be miserable right alongside me just because my parents were narcissistic fools.
“There’s always Vegas,” I reminded her.
“Sounds perfect to me,” she snorted.
The rest of the conversation was spent avoiding anything at all to do with Madison Prep.
Chapter 7
The hidden steel in our spines.
Kenzlee~
I wasn’t in the mood today.
After getting off the phone with Julie, I had laid awake, doing the worst thing that a person could do; I’d thought nonstop about the past four years and everything that I couldn’t change.
Funny thing, that.
The things that kept us up at night should be the things that we could change. We should stay up thinking of all the ways that we could change our unfortunate circumstances for the better. Instead, we stayed up thinking about things that were beyond our control and that made no damn sense. What was the point? Where was the purpose in worrying over things that you couldn’t do anything about?
My brother was dead. No amount of wishing that I had gone to our parents mattered. My parents were broke. No amount of wishing that they had made better choices mattered.
None of those torturous wishes mattered.
I had stayed up last night thinking about Kaden, my parents, Madison Prep, Julie, hell, even Cameron. I had thought about everything that wasn’t anymore. Then all that did was lead me to start thinking about what was, and that had sent me down another spiraling rabbit hole. It had made me start thinking about Talon Draven, and what the hell I was going to do about him.
Again, I knew that I needed to stay away from him, but what if he didn’t stay away from me? Then what? I couldn’t lie and say that I was strong enough to fight him off, because I wasn’t sure that I was. Even if I wasn’t an emotional, psychological, and physical wreck, there was no denying that the guy was hot as all get out. Those damn eyes of his alone were enough to make you forget that he was a jerk. He was tall, broad, strong, and if Alex’s rumors were true, the boy could fight. He was the epitome of male dominance. Plus, he adored his sister. Alex had said that the rumor was that he absolutely adored his sister, and that was worse than thinking he was a jerk. A jerk with no redeeming qualities was just an asshole. However, a jerk who loved his sister was plain dangerous.
“I’m thinking we can ask if we can switch your locker closer to mine,” Alex piped up beside me. “It’ll be so much easier since we have first period together, don’t you think?”
I shrugged a shoulder. “That’s not a bad idea,” I agreed. “But I wouldn’t hold our breaths.”
“Well, we can-” A shadow loomed over the right side of my locker, shutting Alex up.
I shut my locker door to see Talon Draven standing right next to me, and like I’d said earlier, I was not in the mood. It was amazing what lack of sleep did to a person. “I’m not in the mood, Talon,” I growled and ignored Alex’s gasp behind me.
His left shoulder was leaning up against the lockers, a book hanging from his right hand by his thigh, and he looked damn good. “You say that like I give a fuck, White,” he replied, not at all concerned that Alexandria could hear our exchange.
I stared up at those unrealistic blue eyes of his, and I couldn’t believe how much I wanted to stab them out of his head. “Quit calling me that,” I spat. “My name is Kenzlee.”
“Oh, baby, believe me, I know your name,” he guffawed.
This jerk.
“Don’t call me baby, either,” I hissed. “I am not your baby.”
One step was all it took to have Talon Draven looming over me, shrinking me. “That’s where you’re wrong, White,” he said, his voice a deep rumble of male need. “You are very much whatever I say you are to me.”
My eyes widened, and my mouth dropped open. Who in the hell says crap like that? “Are you insane?” I screeched. “You can’t just…that’s not how things work.”
Alex’s voice was faint but clear behind me. “Sweet Baby Jesus.”
Then he said something that took me to the edge of a nervous breakdown. The fact that he had said it in front of Alexandria really jacked me up, too. “Look, White,” he started, “I spent all night thinking of all the ways that I was going to stay away from you, yet here I am, first thing in the morning, seeking you out.”
“Tal-”
He kept talking right on over me. “Well, guess what? I’m not leaving you alone,” he announced. “I’m not going to ever fucking leave you alone, and the sooner you accept that, the better off you’ll be.”
My head shook back and forth in denial as if the police were accusing me of a double homicide. “You can’t do that,” I replied, pointing out his insanity.
“Yeah?” he snapped. “And who’s going to stop me? You going to tell a teacher? Report me to the police?” His hand latched onto the back of my neck again. “How exactly are you going to stop me?” Those were all very good questions, but I couldn’t form a single thought in my head with his hand wrapped around my neck again. Talon’s touch was like a current short-circuiting my intelligence. It was frying my ability to think, to make decisions.
The first warning bell rang, and it snapped me out of my stupor. I looked up at this beautiful boy and said the only thing that I could think of. “I…I need to get to class,” I stuttered, that confident, combative girl long gone.
Talon’s eyes narrowed, and that stabby feeling morphed into wanting to attack him with my tongue. “I’m only going to say this once, Kenzlee,” he whispered. “Stay the fuck away from Jason Fuller.” Then he corrected himself. “As a matter of fact, stay away from all guys who aren’t me, Lars, or Hunter. Got that?”
Wanting to lick him morphed back into stabby time.
My polite upbringing was being tested to its limits. “I need to get to class, Talon,” I said, instead of telling him to go eat a dick, because I really, really wanted to tell him to go eat a dick. However, I wasn’t so wrapped up in Talon that I hadn’t notice the crowd gathering around us.
He gave my neck a tight, little squeeze before saying, “I’ll let you go this time, Kenzlee. I’ll see you in fourth though.” Then he walked past me as if he hadn’t just claimed me in front of everyone.
“Holy shit hell damn,” Alex rambled. “What in the hell was that, Kenzlee?”
I turned and looked at my cousin. “Hell if I know,” I admitted. “I…I think he’s just…bored, maybe?”
Alex’s eyes almost bugged out of her pretty head. “Talon Draven might be a lot of things, but I doubt bored is one of them, Kenz,” she argued. “How did all of this happen?”
I didn’t want to have this conversation with an audience, so I said, “Look, we need to get to class, but I promise to tell you everything tonight at home, okay?”
“This is big, Kenzlee,” she gushed. “Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber getting back together big.”
I cocked my head. I wasn’t a Justin Bieber fan, but no one could escape the online tabloids these days. “Isn’t he married?”
Alexandria rolled her eyes. “Yes,” she confirmed. “That’s why it would be big news if he got back together with Selena.”
Well, alrighty then.

~

Talon~
There was no going back after telling Edie about Kenzlee yesterday. I had made my intentions towards Kenzlee clear with my sister and that had done it.
I knew that I wasn’t her type. I knew that I didn’t have enough class for her liking. I also knew that I’d never have enough commas in my bank account to satisfy her. I knew all this, but it wasn’t going to stop me. It wasn’t going to stop me from taking her.
My biggest struggle would be juggling the hate that I had for all the things that she represented with the uncontrollable need to have her, the need to tarnish all her silver.
It was a constant battle.
The need to rip those diamond studs out of her ears was a constant battle. The need to bring her down a peg was a constant battle. Plus, the more refined that she acted, the darker my intentions became. I could see the struggle on her face between being polite and telling me to go fuck myself. That first meeting had caught her off guard, but since then, she’d been prepared, and she held onto her composure like a lifeline. Kenzlee Mitchell would never become a YouTube sensation for losing her shit.
Never.
First period had been a whole lot of stares and whispers, but I didn’t give a shit. People always talked about me, so this wasn’t anything new. Lakeside High was no different than any other high school across the country. You had your cliques: your rich, your poor, and your troublemakers. You had your jocks, nerds, cool kids, and rebels.
I fell somewhere in between the poor, the rebels, and the troublemakers. I was poor, but I wasn’t. I rebelled, but I respected my elders. I was a troublemaker, but I avoided felonies if I could.
The fighting was the biggest thing that brought me attention. Everyone overlooked my social-economic status as long as I won my fights. The girls fawned all over the place, and the guys were too scared to talk shit to me. I was hoping that trepidation would also extend to Kenzlee because I didn’t feel like fucking up dudes left and right for talking to her. Until she got on plan with the fact that she was mine, things were going to be tense around here for a while.
Fuck, it was also only second period.
Lars and Hunter were already at my locker when I walked up. We always met up at my locker on our way to second period since we all had it together.
“Dude,” Lars laughed as soon as I was within earshot. “My phone was buzzing nonstop during first with texts and notifications of you attacking your girl.”
I started turning the dial on my locker. “I did not fucking attack her,” I clarified.
Hunter chuckled. “Dude, you practically claimed a girl in front of anyone who was looking,” he pointed out. “That’s equivalent of you attacking her. The entire fucking school is losing its mind.”
My locker open, I grabbed my book, then slammed it shut again. I glanced back and forth between my two friends. “Okay, here’s the deal,” I said. “After a lot of soul-searching last night, I decided I wanted her, no matter how many diamonds drip from her ears, so…she’s mine.”
Lars laughed. “Oh, I bet that’s going to work well for her.”
“You’re such a romantic, Tal,” Hunter deadpanned. “Really. You’re quite an inspiration.”
“What’d you want me to do?” I countered. “Release doves in the air? Line the hallways with rose petals?” They both laughed, and I shook my head at the sheer nonsense of it all. I mean, seriously? Who cared who I dated and why? Why was it so important who a poor kid dated?
We started walking towards second period when Lars asked, “So, what does Kenzlee have to say about all this?”
This time, I was the one who laughed. “I’m pretty sure that she wants to tell me to go get fucked, but all that blue blood breeding is keeping her from causing a scene.”
Hunter let out a low whistle. “I’m liking her already,” he teased.
I didn’t comment as we made our way to class, but the trip was comical to say the least. Not bragging, but Lars, Hunter, and I always got longing looks or curious glances whenever we walked down the hallways together. However, this morning, there was more to it. Guys were probably wondering what was so special about Kenzlee, and girls were wondering…well, probably the same thing. Still, they’d never know, or they’d never understand.
Fuck, I barely understood.
However, you saw it everywhere. You saw the cocky jock with the nerd. You saw the quiet girl with the bad boy. You saw the plain girl with the richest boy in town. You saw the ordinary guy with the head cheerleader. You saw good-looking men with overweight wives. You saw blonde bombshells with dorky husbands. You saw it everywhere and wondered what the hell was he/she doing with him/her?
Well, chemistry was real, folks. It was real, and it didn’t identify good looks or rock-hard bodies. It didn’t care about superficial shit like that. Chemistry connected souls, dark to light, light to dark, light to light, or dark to dark. You could be in the grocery store, minding your own goddamn business, then bump into your soulmate as you checked out the cereal selection. And all you could do? All you could do was pray they weren’t already fucking married or in love with someone else.
Kenzlee was that for me. I’d been walking through the school hallway, minding my own goddamn business, and she had bumped into me. She had bumped into me and had sealed her fate and mine.
I also wasn’t egotistical enough not to be able to admit that I was fucked in the head where she was concerned. Her…grace made me positively nasty. Still, the pull in my gut was telling me that I’d better find a way to deal with it.
We paused in front of second period when Lars simply asked, “So, is she your girlfriend or what?”
I said the words that could probably label me a psychopath. “Yeah, she’s my girlfriend.”
Hunter stuck out his hand. “Here, give me your phone,” he demanded.
I pulled my phone out of my back pocket and handed it over. I trusted Hunter like I trusted Edie-completely. “What the fuck for?” I watched as his fingers flew across the screen. He knew my password just like I knew his and Lars’.
His face lit up as he looked down at my phone. “Because everyone knows that nothing’s official until it’s announced on social media.”
Lars let out a whoop of laughter while I just rolled my eyes. “You’re such a goddamn girl, Hunter.”
“Yeah, but he’s not lying,” Lars chuckled.
Hunter handed me back my phone. “You’ll thank me later,” he promised.
I took my phone back, pretty sure that I wouldn’t be thanking him. “Yeah, right.”
The last warning bell rang, and suddenly, fourth period seemed too far away.
Chapter 8
The view we sometimes fail to see.
Talon~
And a hush fell over the crowd, folks.
I wasn’t sure what second and third period had been like for Kenzlee, but for me, they had been pretty much the same; stares, little whispers, and curious glances. However, when Kenzlee walked into fourth period, the entire classroom shut down as if she had just walked into class holding the cure for cancer in her hands.
The real surprise though?
Ms. Prim & Proper stormed right up to me, slammed her books on my desk, then seethed, “Did you go online and…and…”
Damn.
She was so pissed that she was sputtering, and I wanted to laugh. Instead, I stood up. “Did I go online and what?” Kenzlee’s eyes looked like golden flames. “Sit down,” I ordered. “We’ll discuss this at lunch.”
Her good breeding had her picking up her books and heading towards the desk that she had sat in yesterday. I watched her go as Miles Denton leaned over and said, “I don’t mind switching with her.”
Normally, I’d be leery about someone offering a random favor, but Miles always seemed cool, and we’d never had any issues, so I nodded my head. “Appreciate it, man.”
I headed towards Kenzlee’s desk, grabbed her backpack, then snatched her by her upper arm. “You’re sitting in the back with me,” I told her.
“The hell I am,” she hissed.
“Is there a problem?” Mrs. Thompkins asked.
My head turned back to address her. “Miles is having problems seeing the board,” I lied. “He’d like to switch desks with Kenzlee.” I looked back down at the girl whose eyes were shooting fire at me. “But I guess Kenzlee isn’t feeling like being charitable towards Miles.” I smirked, and I thought she was going to claw my face off. Kenzlee’s been doing her best to act polite and accordingly, and here I was, ruining her preferred image.
She peered around me at Mrs. Thompkins. “Of course, I don’t mind switching with Miles, Mrs. Thompkins,” she said, now the one lying. “Talon was just helping me gather my stuff.”
I could hear the smile in Mrs. Thompkins’ voice. “Oh, that’s awfully nice of you Kenzlee.” Turning, I headed back towards my desk, knowing that Kenzlee was following.
The second that her ass hit Miles’ old desk, she leaned over and spat, “Are you out of your fucking mind?”
I laughed.
This girl was going to beat me bloody, then chop my body up into tiny pieces when she finally got tired of my shit.
And I couldn’t wait.
I couldn’t wait to see this monied-class girl snap and lose control. I was hoping that she’d lose control naked underneath me, but odds were the chopped with an axe bit would most likely occur first.
I leaned back towards her. “I already told you this morning, whether you like it or not, we’re doing this,” I reminded her.
Kenzlee faced back towards the front of the class, and she was jerking her book open and getting ready for some learning with motions so strong that I feared that she’d pull a muscle. “No, we are not,” she argued in a whisper loud enough for me to hear.
“Oh, but we are, White,” I said just to antagonize her. Mrs. Thompkins droned on about where to open our books to and what was on the agenda for today, but all I could focus on was the fuming beauty sitting next to me. Kenzlee had called to me from the beginning, but now? Well, now I wanted to break her. I wanted to watch all that prim and proper breeding crumble around me. I wanted to see the real Kenzlee. I wanted to see the real emotion inside her. Not the irritation that she felt for me. Not the anger that she felt for her situation. Not the frustration that she did her best to tap down.
No.
I wanted to see her fall apart.
I wanted to see what she was like when she was beyond all rational thought with rage. I wanted to see what she was like when she passed all civilities and revealed all her thoughts. I wanted to see what she was like when she was out of her mind with pleasure. I wanted to see her experience real emotions, and I didn’t care if they were tears or laughter.
Not bothering to keep my voice down for privacy, I said, “You’re mine, Kenzlee. You’re mine, and you need to get used to it.”
Her head snapped towards me. “Why me?”
I glanced up at the front of the class to make sure that Mrs. Thompkins was busy teaching her students. When I was satisfied that she was wrapped up in shaping young minds, I leaned closer towards Kenzlee. I grabbed her chin and forced her closer to me. A part of me wanted to provoke her, but another part felt that she deserved my honesty for turning her life upside down. Because, by the end of the day, it would be turned upside down. “I don’t know why you,” I told her honestly. “And I don’t really give a shit why it’s you. I just know that it is. It is, and that’s the fucking end of it.”
Her face softened, her eyes flooding with understanding, and I knew that it was because she couldn’t explain her attraction to me any more than I could explain mine to her. I knew that she had felt the connection yesterday when she had run into me. I also knew that she’d felt the…shift, the shift in who we were. Kenzlee was just as confused as I was-or had been. I had stopped being confused last night when I had told Edie that Kenzlee was my girlfriend.
Kenzlee’s head shook a little. “This isn’t…Talon, it doesn’t make sense,” she whispered. “You can’t just do this.”
I leaned back, giving her some space, but made my point clear again. “You don’t get a say, White,” I stated as a matter of fact. “You can deny and complain all you want, but it changes nothing.”
Her eyes fired again. “We’ll see,” she muttered before turning back to face the front of the class, and those goddamn diamond studs in her ears caught the light, commanding my attention again.
My phone buzzed, and I looked down at it and saw a message from Hunter.

Hunter: Heads up…Tammy Jones is tlkn shit about ur girl already

I let out a deep breath and looked up towards the front of the class. I knew that people were going to take exception to my interest in Kenzlee, but I didn’t care.
She was mine.
End of story.

~

Kenzlee~
“Forget Selena and Justin getting back together, Kenz,” Alex muttered as she sat across the lunch table from me. “This thing with you and Talon Draven is way bigger than that.”
When the bell for lunch had rung earlier, I’d had every intention of storming out of class and leaving Talon Draven to kiss my ass. However, it hadn’t worked out that way. The second that I had stuffed my book in my backpack, Talon had grabbed it and my arm, then had walked us out of class. We had looked every bit the couple that he was professing us to be.
Well, except for my hate-filled expression, of course.
He had delivered me to my locker and had stayed put until Alex had come walking up. Once she’d been near enough, Talon had kissed the side of my head-fucking me all up-and had walked away. Now, I was sitting with Alex, trying to figure out what the hell.
“Alex, even if Talon wasn’t off his nut, I don’t want a boyfriend,” I replied. “I’m not…I’m not in the right head space for more drama or distractions.”
Alexandria cocked her head as her brows gathered. “Are you still hung up on Cameron?” she asked. “I mean, I know that it’s been a while, but I get it. He was your first and-”
I shook my head. “I am not still hung up on Cameron,” I assured her. “Whatever I felt for him died when he had so easily dismissed what Kaden’s death had done to me.”
“Well, then…” She looked pained when she continued talking. “Well, then what’s wrong with dating Talon, Kenz? I mean, the dude is fucking hot. Like molten-lava-hot.”
I could feel my eyes bugging out of my head. “Are you kidding me, Alex?” I screeched. “The dude is crazy. Like, straitjacket-needs-meds crazy. No one just pronounces to the world that they have a girlfriend without…asking the girl first.”
Before Alex could argue in Talon’s favor some more, a very pretty, petite, light-haired brunette plopped herself down next to Alex. She had light brown hair that she wore straight down her back and there weren’t any bangs to distract from her flawless face. There also wasn’t disguising those rare blue eyes of hers, either. With her sitting next to Alex, you could see the difference between Alex’s normal blue eyes and this girl’s powerful cerulean gaze. There was only one other person that I’d ever seen eyes like that on.
This beautiful girl could only be Edie Draven.
“Hey, Alex” she greeted cheerfully.
“Hey, Edie,” Alex greeted back, and she did it just as cheerfully.
Then the girl turned those hypnotic eyes my way, and it was hard not to think of her brother as she spoke. “Hi,” she said, her pretty smile still in place. “I’m Edie Draven, Talon’s sister.”
I smiled back. “Hi, Edie. I’m Kenzl-”
She waved away my introduction. “Oh, I know who you are,” she chuckled. “You’re the girl who has my brother acting like a nutjob.”
I laughed. Whether Edie realized it or not, her teasing nature diffused any anxiety I may have been feeling about sitting with her. “So, then, it’s not just me who thinks he’s crazy?” I asked, laughing as to not hurt her feelings.
Her smiled flashed a set of perfectly straight white teeth. “No,” she confirmed. “He’s definitely crazy. But cut him some slack, will ya? The boy has never had a girlfriend before. He’s…new to all this.”
Edie seemed like a sweet person, and she radiated an…inviting aura, so I didn’t want to lie to her. “Oh, Edie, I’m not Talon’s girlfriend,” I said, correcting her. “I’m not even sure if we’re friends.” Edie’s face fell, and she looked so forlorn that I almost took my words back.
“But…why not?” she asked, and she sounded so earnest that it made me wonder what the hell Talon had told her.
I didn’t like lying. Sure, I could white-lie fib for politeness’ sake or to not hurt anyone’s feelings, but I couldn’t lie about this. “Well…because he’s a jerk,” I answered honestly.
Edie blinked at me as Alex sat perfectly still. A few seconds later, Edie started laughing. Once she calmed down, she said, “Well, I know he’s a jerk. He’s always been a jerk.”
“Not the best endorsement, Edie,” Alexandria mumbled.
She laughed again and it sounded genuine. Edie Draven didn’t fake laugh for anyone. She was genuinely a sweet person. “What I mean is that I know he can be a little…rough around the edges, but he’s wonderful to the people he cares about,” she explained. “It’s just…he doesn’t care about that many people and that’s why he comes off as a jerk.”
I didn’t know what to say to that.
Edie was defending her brother like any good sister would, and if the rumors were to be believed, what she was saying was true. According to Alex, Talon adored his sister, and so why wouldn’t she think he hung the moon? She got to see a side of him that no one else saw.
I took a deep breath, trying my best to not come off as a bitch. “Be that as it may, Edie,” I said, “I just really don’t think I’m Talon’s type. And if he took some time to think about it, he’d know that I was right.”
Her gaze slid towards Alex, and then back towards me. “I actually think the fact that you’re not his type is why…I think he’s…serious.”
I needed to give her something, so that she would understand. “Our first…encounter wasn’t a pleasant one, Edie,” I confessed. “He was…mean.”
Her face fell again. “Oh,” she muttered.
“But there’s no reason that we can’t all be cool though, right?” Alex beamed, trying to smooth things over. “We don’t need your brother to be friends, Edie.” Alex looked over at me. “Right, Kenz?”
I started nodding my head frantically like a goddamn bobblehead. “Oh, sure, yeah,” I sputtered. “We don’t need Talon to…hang out or whatever. There’s no reason that we can’t still be friends.”
Edie gnawed her bottom lip like she was feasting off it. “I don’t think…I can do that,” she mumbled.
“Why not?” I asked, curious.
Her eyes went from sweet and friendly to determined and absolute. “Talon...likes you,” she said. “He likes you and…I won’t betray him like that. I can’t hang out with the girl who…who’s breaking his heart.”
Oh, God, Edie was a romantic.
“Edie, I can promise you, I am not breaking your brother’s heart,” I emphatically denied. “He’d have to be in love with me for that to be the case, and he is not in love with me.”
“I think he is,” she said, shocking the holy hell out of both me and Alex.
“What makes you say that?” I asked, stunned. “I’ve only known him a day, Edie.”
She cocked her head at me again. “Exactly,” she replied. “And in one day, a guy who cares about nothing and no one else, save me, Mom, Lars, and Hunter, is claiming you. What do you call that?”
“Insanity,” I blurted out truthfully.
“And what is love if not insanity?” she replied, wise beyond her years.
Chapter 9
The confusion we’re not used to.
Kenzlee~
I walked into seventh period just happy to have had no run-ins with the Finelys during fifth period. Sixth period had been okay because I’d had it with Alex, but I had spent the entire time dreading seventh period.
Lunch with Edie had really thrown me for a loop because she had been super pro-Talon, and Alex hadn’t offered up enough reasons why dating Talon would be a bad idea. As a matter of fact, the more that Edie had tried to convince me to date Talon, the more pro-Talon Alex had become.
It was all so crazy.
I mean, really, really crazy.
I couldn’t deny that I was attracted to the guy because I was. However, it was the intensity of that attraction that had me scared out of my wits. I didn’t need that kind of distraction. I had real grownup life shit to figure out.
It was one thing to stay with Uncle Allen while I was in school because school gave off the illusion that I was still a minor, even though I wasn’t. High school made me still seem like a kid. However, what about once I graduated? I couldn’t freeload off them after that. As it was, I felt like breaking out in hives whenever Uncle Allen just gave me lunch money for school.
I needed an after-school job, is what I needed.
Walking into seventh, my eyes immediately went towards the back row. Talon was sitting on the extra chair next to his desk and a quick scan of the classroom told me that Mr. Styles still hadn’t procured an empty desk for me yet.
I walked towards the back of the class because, honestly, I was exhausted. Last night’s lack of sleep had been kicking my ass all day, and the mere thought of trading barbs with Talon again had me feeling exhausted.
I walked my pathetic ass towards his desk and sat down like a defeated soldier. I mean, after all, this thing with him did feel like war.
“What’s wrong?” Talon asked as soon as I sat down. “You look tired.”
I rolled my eyes but didn’t bother to face him. “Awe, what a good boyfriend you are to notice,” I deadpanned. “You really are the best.” I heard him growl, and I wanted to drop my forehead on the desk.
Repeatedly.
“Cut the shit, Kenzlee,” he growled. “What’s wrong?”
I stayed mums.
It might have been immature and ridiculous, but Talon wasn’t my boyfriend, regardless of what he’d said earlier. He didn’t deserve an explanation of my emotions or my appearance. Besides, I could hardly admit to him that I was tired because I’d been thinking of him all night.
“Kenzlee, don’t make me ask you again,” he warned. “You look tired, and I want to know why.”
I turned to face him, surprised-but not surprised-by his audacity. “Maybe I look like crap because you and your ridiculous notions are stressing me out,” I hissed. “You ever think about that?”
“I didn’t say that you looked like crap, White,” he hissed right back. “I said that you looked tired. And if you’re looking tired, there’s a reason why, and I want to know what it is.”
I wondered if I could get my scheduled changed.
When I had gotten my school schedule, I hadn’t even bothered to review it. I had trusted that the transfer of my school records had gone to the right person to ensure that I graduated. Maybe I should schedule a meeting with the school counselor and see if I could rearrange my classes.
Crap.
Reality settled in when I realized that I had no idea what Talon’s other classes were. I could very well end up changing my schedule and end up with him in more of my classes than just the two that I had already. Or those two idiot friends of his. Or Edie. Or, hell, I might just end up in a class with all four of them.
Suddenly, two classes didn’t seem so bad.
I looked over at him and gave in.
I gave in because…I was stupid.
Because I was stupid, and lost, and lonely, and confused, and…desperate.
I was desperate to matter to someone.
Not in the way that Uncle Allen felt relative responsibility for me. Not in the way that Alex pitied me. Not in the way that Aunt Sheri felt sympathetic towards my situation. Not in the way that Julie felt sorry for me. Definitely not in the way that I wished Kaden were still here to love and protect me.
Still, even though I wanted to matter to someone, I wasn’t sure that Talon Draven was the right person for that. I knew that made me wishy-washy, but I just couldn’t get a grasp on his…forceful personality.
“I didn’t get much sleep last night,” I confessed.
“Why not,” he barked as if it was a personal affront to him that I hadn’t slept.
The look I shot him was not friendly. “Oh, maybe because I have shit on my mind,” I clipped out, my voice full of sarcasm.
His voice was full of sex and sin when he asked, “Do you need me to tuck you into bed at night, so that you can sleep better?”
Suddenly, Cameron’s mechanical lovemaking flashed through my mind. All those memories flipped through my brain like a Rolodex, distorting the memories from sex to fumbling intercourse. It was like he wouldn’t be able to measure up to Talon, and I hadn’t even been with Talon to even have a comparison.
I had teased Alexandria about Talon probably not taking the time to get out of the backseat of his car, but his simple question, designed to antagonize me, had me wondering.
However, I wisely kept that to myself.
“That’s very sweet of you, really,” I retorted. “Is it a service you provide for all girls? Is there a discount card available? You know, like after you’ve tucked the girl in ten times, she gets a free tuck later?” My eyes lit up with attitude. “Oh, is there a buy one tuck get half off a second tuck. I bet you’d even provide discounts for tucks that included more than two people.”
Talon didn’t appreciate my sarcasm.
He reached over and squeezed the shit out of my thigh, and while I should probably be taking exception to his manhandling, all I could do was thank God that I’d worn jeans today because his hand would have been on my bare skin otherwise, and I wasn’t sure that I could handle that.
“Keep it up, White,” he snapped, his voice a quiet, deep rumble. “I’m not going to take your shit for much longer.”
“How about you save yourself the aggravation and just leave me the hell alone, Talon,” I suggested, ready to beat him over the head with my book.
“Never,” he replied before letting go of my thigh and facing the front of the class again.

~

Talon~
I needed Kenzlee under control, and I needed it now.
While I liked that she wasn’t a doormat, despite her proper upbringing, I didn’t know how much longer I could go without kissing her, claiming her. She was driving me crazy, and it hadn’t helped when I’d gotten a text from Edie to say that she had spent lunch with Kenzlee and Alexandria. Now with Edie involved, there was no way I was letting this thing go south.
I was following behind her but there wasn’t a need to rush. I knew that she was going to her locker, and I knew that she’d wait there until Alex met up with her. Between mine, Edie’s, Lars’, and Hunter’s eyes and ears, I knew that she didn’t have a car and rode with Alex.
The more that I learned about her, the more curious I became. Kenzlee reeked of money and manners, yet she was going to school at Lakeside, and she didn’t have a car of her own. She had a story that I was dying to know about, and I would get it out of her, sooner or later.
Coming around the corner, my feet picked up their pace in the quick second it took my mind to compute what I was seeing. Jason Fuller was leaning up against the locker next to Kenzlee’s, presumably waiting on her.
Oh, fuck no.
Kenzlee’s back was towards me, but Jason saw me coming. He stood up straighter and pulled his shoulders back as if that would somehow make him as tall as me. Like the little bitch that he was, he also gave Kenzlee a tight nod, letting her know that someone was behind her. She whirled around, and I wasn’t sure what my face conveyed, but her eyes widened a bit.
I stepped to her, wrapped my arm around her waist, then yanked her towards me. Everyone in the hallway, including Jason, could see my actions for what they were. I just pissed a circle around the girl, and I was ready for anyone who came sniffing around.
Since I was so much taller than Kenzlee, it was easy to mean mug Jason over her head. “Can I help you with something, Fuller?” I asked, not giving a fuck how pissed off Miss Manners was going to be.
Because Jason didn’t want to look like a pussy in front of Kenzlee, he replied, “Just talking with Kenzlee.”
Even though we all knew that I was aware of the encounter during gym yesterday, I said, “I didn’t realize you knew my girl, Fuller.”
“Talon…” Kenzlee growled low in her throat.
His eyes flew towards Kenzlee and back before saying, “Are you sure she’s your girl, Draven?” He shrugged a shoulder. “There seems to be a lot of…uh, uncertainty on what’s going on between the two of you.”
I gripped Kenzlee’s waist and pushed her behind me. Stepping up to Jason, I cleared things up for him and whoever else was in the hallway listening. “There’s no uncertainty, Fuller,” I replied. “Kenzlee’s mine.”
“Talon!”
Jason smirked. “You sure about that?”
I had only one card to play here. Kenzlee was one second away from refuting my claims, and I couldn’t let that happen. “I’m positive,” I told him. “However, if you’re still confused, maybe I can explain it to you better during a Friday night.”
He reared back, and knowing exactly what I was suggesting, that gave him pause. Still, he didn’t back down. “That still won’t make her yours if she doesn’t want to be yours, Talon.”
He was right.
As much as I hated to admit it, Jason was right. I could kick his ass and every other guy’s ass whoever came near her, but that still wouldn’t mean anything. She had to be the one to confirm our relationship.
I took a step to the right and gave Kenzlee the floor. She was going to have to set Jason-and everyone in the goddamn hallway-straight. I was also going to have to trust that she would.
If she said that she was single, I wasn’t sure what I would do. The hell of it was that I was pretty sure that’s what she was going to say. I mean, why wouldn’t she? She’d been very vocal about her objections to being railroaded. This was her perfect chance to put me in my place.
I looked down at her and said, “Do you want to clear things up for Jason or should I?”
Her light brown eyes were full of resentment, but there was a touch of surrender in them, too. That small measure of hope was helping me breathe a little easier. Kenzlee didn’t like this pull between us any more than I did, but I had stopped fighting it where she was still trying to wrap her mind around the fact that it existed.
She turned her head to face Jason and, no lie, my heart felt like it was going to beat right out of my chest with anticipation. Her next words would cement herself to me or make me fuck Jason up.
Jason eyed her as she cleared her throat and hugged her book to her chest. “Ja…Jason, I’m…I’m not in the position to be anything but your friend-”
“Kenzle-” Jason started.
“Look, I think we could be good friends,” she continued.
Not good enough.
I stepped towards her to let her know that I didn’t appreciate her response, and it was looking like I was going to have to fuck Jason up after all. However, before I could move on him, she said, “Talon and I…we-”
Jason didn’t let her finish. “You can’t be serious?” he asked incredulously. “C’mon, Kenzlee. Don’t let him intimidate you into-”
Kenzlee shook her head at him. “I’m not letting him do anything,” she said, interrupting his accusations. “I’m sorry, Jason, but…even if Talon and I weren’t together, that doesn’t mean that I’d be interested in anything with someone else.”
I stepped in front of Kenzlee, cutting Jason off from any further contact with her. “You heard her, Fuller. Now, I’m not going to tell you again. Stay the fuck away from my girl,” I warned. He shot me a hate-filled glare before turning around and storming off. After he was a safe distance away, I turned around to face Kenzlee, and asked, “Why?”
Her glare was every bit has hate-filled as Jason’s. “What was I supposed to do?” she hissed quietly, so we couldn’t be overheard. “Let you beat him up?”
Aaahhh…it all made sense now.
“So, you were just trying to save Jason from a beat down, is that it? How noble,” I deadpanned.
The corner of her lip curled in a snarl, and I knew that it wouldn’t be long before she lost her composure and I got to see the real Kenzlee. “Not all of us are savages,” she spewed.
I slammed her up against her locker, and my dick got hard at the widening of her eyes. I wasn’t one to manhandle females, but Kenzlee needed to understand just how serious I was about this-about her. “You haven’t seen savage,” I snapped down at her. “But keep fucking around and you’re about to, White.”
Alex walked up, saving Kenzlee just in time.
Chapter 10
The chaos that can shut us down.
Talon~
It was finally Friday, and I had a fight tonight, and thank God.
All week had been an exhausting battle of the wills between me and Kenzlee, and that shit had been exhausting as fuck. I needed a fight to purge all the frustration eating me alive with that girl.
While we had gotten to the point where she’d let me walk her to our classes, that was all the give that she had given. If I wanted to hold her hand, I had to grab it and damn near break every bone in it to hold on. If we ate lunch together, I had to abandon my regular table and go to whatever table she chose to sit that day. Any affection between us was in the form of me kissing her on the side of her head whenever I had to leave her, but that was it.
Then there were the rumors running rampant all over school. Because Kenzlee was still walking around with a scowl on her face every time that I was near, people were still confused as to what we were doing. Now, normally, I didn’t give a fuck what people said about me, but I cared what they said about Kenzlee.
It wasn’t her fault that I had fallen for her. It wasn’t her fault that she made me feel what no other girl on the planet had ever made me feel. Hell, it wasn’t like she had even tried. She fucking ran into me.
That’s it.
That’s all.
She had run into me, and I had felt.
She had run into me, and she’s all I’ve been feeling since. I stopped questioning it last week, and if people wanted to label it love at first sight, well, so be it. I still wasn’t exactly sure what it was, but whatever it was, it was strong enough for me to know that I wasn’t giving her up, no matter how pissed off she was at me. Also, if she was only walking around with me to keep Jason from getting his ass kicked, I’d take it.
Now I was headed towards third period gym, and for the first time in years, I was looking forward to it. I had so much pent-up frustration that I felt sorry for the poor sucker who was scheduled to fight me tonight. The moneymakers might be upset at the quick show, but I didn’t care.
I was rounding the corner into the hallway that led to the gymnasium when I saw Tammy Jones leaning up against the side of the building.
Motherfucker.
She stepped to me as I walked past her towards the gym’s double doors. “Talon,” she said, stepping in line with me.
“Tammy,” I acknowledged, trying to ignore her but not be a complete dick about it.
“Do you have a minute?” she asked, even though it was clear that everyone was scrambling to get to class. The second warning bell had already rung.
“Not really, Tammy,” I answered, trying not to grit my teeth. “I need to get to gym.”
She touched my shoulder, and I couldn’t help it; I jerked back and turned to face her. “This will only take a second,” she assured me as she snatched her hand back, knowing that she’d gone too far with me.
I’ve known Tammy for years. We were brought up through the same school system all our lives. We weren’t neighbors, but I’d always known who she was. I also knew that she was bad news. Normally, I didn’t care about shit like that, but her thinking that she could approach me and touch me was a problem. I’d spoken maybe a handful of sentences to her during our entire lives, so I didn’t owe her anything.
“What is it?” I asked as we stopped in front of the gym doors.
Tammy started gnawing her lower lip, and I was quickly losing my patience. She finally spoke up, and I wasn’t surprised. “Are the rumors about you and the new girl true?”
I barely refrained from rolling my eyes. “And which rumors would those be, Tammy?” I asked, irritated as fuck. “There is a shitload of rumors going around about Kenzlee and me.”
She straightened her back, pushing her tits out, and I resented her presence immediately. “The rumors that you and her…that she’s your girlfriend,” she answered haughtily.
I took a deep breath and did my best to get my point across. “Tammy, not only is Kenzlee my girlfriend, but she’d be my wife right now if I thought she’d go for it.” I ignored her shocked gasp. “Does that answer your question?” Now, granted, I wasn’t ready to get married, what with my plans to help Edie and Mom first, but I figured if I threw that in, there’d be no mistaking my intentions where Kenzlee was concerned. I didn’t need this girl thinking that she could come between me and Kenzlee with a flash of cleavage or anything else.
I didn’t need any girl thinking that she could turn my attentions from my obsession.
“Are…are you serious?” she squawked.
“If there’s anything I’m serious about, it’s Kenzlee, Tammy,” I said, making sure that she heard me correctly.
“Why?”
“That’s none of your business,” I said, finally at my wit’s end of dealing with this girl. “Just know that if you fuck with Kenzlee, you’re fucking with me.” I didn’t wait for her to comment. I turned my back on her and entered the gym.
I threw head nods at the random greetings that met me as I made my way to my gym locker, but other than that, I didn’t make any small talk.
I had known Kenzlee would be a target amongst the girls and a curiosity amongst the guys, but I was just arrogant enough to believe that my reputation would keep her safe. However, having Tammy approach me, I realized that wasn’t true. I could beat the shit out of any dude who bothered her, but I didn’t put my hands on females. Well, except for Kenzlee because she made me murderous. However, other than her, I didn’t touch girls out of anger.
Not ever.
So, how in the hell would I be able to make sure that Tammy-or any girl-didn’t bother Kenzlee? I knew so little about Kenzlee that I didn’t even know if she could swing them fists or not. Since she was raised wealthy and to ever be the proper young lady, odds were that she’d never been in a fight in all her life. I was going to have to trust that she’d be okay because she’ll always have one of us with her. If I wasn’t with her, Alex was, and if Alex wasn’t with her, Edie, Lars, or Hunter was with her. That was going to have to be enough.
It had to be, or else God help anyone who went after her.

~

Kenzlee~
Here I was, worried about my future and what I was going to do to support myself now that college wasn’t an option anymore, only to realize that I didn’t need to worry about that at all.
My future was going to be filled with a block room that housed one toilet, a set of bunk beds, and, hopefully, a roommate that wasn’t crazy, because I was going to end up in prison.
I was going to end up in prison for murdering Talon Draven.
I was fairly certain that Alex would visit me, but I could kiss my friendship with Edie Draven goodbye because I couldn’t see her forgiving me for killing her brother.
No matter how much he deserved it.
The entire week had been nothing but side-eyes, whispers, curious glances, and just…being on display.
If Talon or Alex weren’t with me, then Edie, Lars, and/or Hunter were stalking me. I couldn’t escape Talon’s band of stalkers, no matter what I tried.
When I had told Jason that Talon was my boyfriend, it really had been just to keep him from becoming unrecognizable. I had already known that Talon was at his limit with Jason, and if the rumors about his underground fighting were true, there was no way Jason would have been able to get away unscathed.
I’d had to make the sacrifice for Jason’s sake.
At least, that’s what I kept telling myself.
The truth of the matter was that I was still drawn to Talon every bit as much as I had been the day that I had run into him. He irritated the hell out of me, and his territorial ways pissed me off, but I was still very much attracted to him as I’d been since that first day.
Had I humiliated him in front of Jason and the kids lingering in the hallway that day, I would have lost that connection. Though I wasn’t sure what I was going to do with it, I knew that I hadn’t been ready to sever it just yet. That bullshit had also led to the realization that I wanted to sleep with Talon.
The pull between us was more than just sexual, but I also couldn’t ignore the physical need that he brought out in me. Every time that he held my hand or kissed the side of my head, I wanted to lean into him. I wanted to feel the…intensity that he projected. The only example that I had of sex was with a boy who had worked a condom like a math problem and had never asked me if it had been good for me, too. Cameron had always assumed that I’d been satisfied, but I hadn’t been.
I really, really hadn’t been.
I had…participated.
Now it was finally Friday, and Alex and I were making our way to sixth period. “Two more classes,” I mumbled. “Two more classes and I can breathe.”
Alex’s step faltered a bit, and her face looked pained when I glanced her way. “Uh, maybe not,” she replied, chewing her lower lip all to hell.
“What do you mean?”
She stopped walking and turned towards me. “Okay, don’t hate me-”
“Oh, God,” I groaned. Alex slapped on a smile that was too wide for her face and showed all her teeth. “What, Alexandria?”
“It’s Friday, Kenzlee,” she replied.
“Yeah? And?”
“It’s fight night,” she rushed out. “I know…I know you probably don’t want to go, but...it’s fight night, Kenzlee.” She said it like it was the Oscars or something. “Everyone will be there, and Talon’s fighting.”
My stomach dropped at that little tidbit. Alex already told me that Talon fought, but now that I knew him, now that I had this…connection to him, I didn’t like the idea. That in itself made me realize that I needed to make up my mind about him and soon.
“Alex, I don’t want to see Talon fighting some guy,” I told her. “What if he gets hurt?” That last part was telling, but Alex didn’t call me out on it.
I appreciated that.
She just rolled her eyes before saying, “Talon is not going to get hurt, Kenzlee. That man of yours has mad knuckle skills.”
“How do you even know he’d want me there?” I mean, I’d been fighting him all week long. Why would he want me there?
“Doesn’t matter,” she replied. “Everyone goes. Even people from neighboring towns make the trip to show up to the fights.” She shrugged a shoulder. “It’d actually be weird if you weren’t there.”
The second warning bell rang, and we resumed walking to class. “I don’t know, Alex,” I muttered. “It’s not my scene.”
“C’mon, Kenz,” she begged. “The fights always rock. It’s like a party with arranged fighting. It’s always a good time.”
I snorted. “Yeah, a good time for everyone but the poor bastard who gets his ass kicked,” I pointed out.
She grimaced. “Yeah, okay. Maybe not a good time for him,” she conceded. “But everyone else has a blast.”
“And everyone goes, huh?”
“Well, everyone, except for Edie,” she clarified. “Rumor is that she doesn’t approve of Talon’s fighting, so she doesn’t go.”
That made me pause my steps. “If he adores her, why would he keep fighting if it upsets her?”
Alex shrugged. “I don’t know,” she admitted. “Like I said, I don’t know them that well. Other than what’s going on with you and Talon, I’ve never gotten personal with him or Edie up until now.”
We started walking again. “I don’t know, Alex,” I said. “I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“Look, just…promise you’ll go. And if you truly hate it, I won’t ask you to go to another one ever again,” she bargained.
We reached sixth period, and as I opened the door, I knew that I was going to regret my next words. “Okay, but…if I want to go, we leave, got it?”
Alex grabbed my forearm and did a little hop. “Promise,” she agreed gleefully. “I’ll even give you my keys, so there’s no way you can’t leave.”
I cocked my head. “And how would you get home?”
She batted her hand at me. “Please,” she huffed. “I can always catch a right with someone or Uber it if you want to leave and I don’t.”
Holding the door open, Alex passed, and as I followed her to our seats, the knot in my stomach grew, and grew. “Fine,” I said, surrendering all my common sense.
This was a bad idea.
This was a bad idea, but I was going to go anyway.
Just like Talon Draven was a bad idea, but I was going to give in anyway.
I could feel it.
Chapter 11
The realizations we fear.
Kenzlee~
I couldn’t believe that I was here.
When Alex pulled up to a wooded clearing, I had images of axe murderers running through my head. These secluded wooded areas were the exact same places where that group of idiotic teens were murdered with their entrails pulled out through the holes in their necks because they’d been up to no good.
However, it wasn’t until we walked a country mile that I saw the abandoned barn that was lit up like Christmas and the crowd of people everywhere.
It was crazy.
The walk made me grateful that I had worn sandals. Alex had opted for dressing for noticeability, but not me. I had worn just a plain white blouse, a dark blue skirt that fell loose at mid-thigh, and a pair of white sandals.
Alex had worn a dark red tank-top that showcased her girls to perfection, tight black jeans, and black ankle boots. Her hair was thrown back in a very sophisticated ponytail, and her makeup was flawless. It was a wonder that her parents had let her out of the house.
My hair was thrown back in a low ponytail, and my makeup was mascara with some tinted lip balm. I hadn’t known what to expect, but I also hadn’t wanted anyone asking me about my prices, either. Simple had been the better choice for me.
We squeezed our way through the barn doors, and sure enough, there was a ring in the center of the farm building. The place looked exactly like what you’d imagine an underground fighting ring to look like. The only crazy thing was the bar that was set up on the west side of the building. This was an actual money-making traveling event.
“Holy shit,” I whispered.
“Right?” Alex said excitedly. “Isn’t it awesome?”
I craned my neck to try to see everything, but it was so crowded that all I could make out was the ring itself, the bar, and through the sea of people, I could see a few tables and chairs scattered about.
The only other thing that I could see was the huge dry erase board with names and odds written on it. When I saw Talon’s name, my stomach cramped, and I was reminded of how badly I didn’t want to see him fight. I was with Edie on this one.
Alex grabbed my arm and dragged me through the crowd to get a better vantage point. All the while, she was yelling, “Talon always fights first! We need to get up closer, so that we don’t miss his match!”
“Why does he always fight first?!” I yelled back, the noise inside deafening. I would have thought they’d save the best fight for last.
“I don’t know!” she yelled back. “I think it’s his preference!”
The second that we reached the edge of the crowd, a few people recognized us and made some room. One girl even gave us a thumbs up. I looked at Alex. “What’s that for?” I asked, not needing to yell anymore.
“They must think that you’re here for Talon,” she said, giving me a cheeky grin. “After all, you are his girlfriend.” I rolled my eyes but didn’t refute her claim. I knew that, sooner or later, I was going to cave. It wasn’t worth the effort to debate my Talon status anymore.
Alex was about to say more but, suddenly, music started pounding through the speakers, and the crowd noise skyrocketed to unreachable levels. The entire room was amped up and ready to go. I couldn’t see anything, but I soon discovered that we were on the opposite side of where the fighters entered. It wasn’t until I looked up into the ring that I saw Talon.
Holy Mary, Mother of God.
He was wearing a pair of loose basketball shorts with only the pads of his feet and fists taped up, which didn’t make any sense to me. I thought fighters had to wear tight clothing, so that their opponents couldn’t grab onto their clothes and anchor them.
Granted, I didn’t know much about fighting, but all the fighting commercials and ads that I’ve seen always showed the fighters wearing formfitting clothing, not loose basketball shorts.
Still, that was the least of my observations.
The rest of my brain, heart, soul, libido, and lady parts were consumed with the vision of Talon Draven with his shirt off. The guy was sporting a goddamn eight-pack-like, the number eight-count them. I thought those things were a myth. I mean, you saw six-packs in magazines all the time. Every social media site out there was littered with guys lifting their shirts to show off their muscular perfection.
However, Talon?
Talon was sporting a freakin’ eight-pack that looked…dangerous.
Dangerously like I wanted to run my tongue all over them bad boys and get to know them better.
I was in big trouble.
It was already getting harder and harder to resist Talon, but now, knowing what he looked like underneath those Henley and Quicksilver shirts…holy shit. No wonder girls were throwing me the side-eye and wanting me gone. Who in the hell didn’t want that in their bed?
The ringmaster made his introductions, but honestly, I missed it all. All I could focus on was Talon and how hot he looked up there. He looked goddamn…scorching. Like, I could feel ovaries exploding all over the room. That’s how sexy he looked up there. His unreal-colored eyes were lasered on his opponent, and it was as if he saw nothing but the guy standing across from him. The chanting, whistles, and screams weren’t fazing him at all.
“Holy shit, Alex,” I said loud enough for her to hear me.
Alex nodded her head, not even bothering to take her eyes off the ring. “And he’s all yours if you’d quit being so goddamn stubborn, Kenz,” she pointed out.
However, I wasn’t being stubborn.
This wasn’t about Talon. Not really.
I’d lost everything that I’d ever known, including what I thought my future was going to be like. I really didn’t have time for Talon and all the ways that he would change my life.
I had to find a job, find a way to support myself once I graduated, and also see what my parents were going to be able to figure out. I needed to know if anything was salvageable. I needed to plan for my future that was only months away. How could I juggle that, school, and the overwhelming relationship that I knew Talon would be?
The answer was that I couldn’t.
Something had to give, and I had a bad feeling that it wouldn’t be Talon Draven.

~

Talon~
I saw her the second that my feet hit the mat.
Kenzlee was here, and if I was frustrated and pissed off earlier, that was nothing compared to what I was feeling now.
She didn’t belong here.
Kenzlee was too good to be in a crowd of hustlers and the desperate who were trying to make some money. So, the sooner I knocked this motherfucker out, the sooner I could get her out of here.
I wasn’t really surprised that she had shown up though. I mean, everyone who’s anyone showed up to these things. I was pretty sure that Edie was the only exception. I just didn’t like Kenzlee…exposed.
I looked over to where Lars and Hunter were, then jerking my head towards where Kenzlee and Alexandria were standing, I knew that they’d get the message. I might be stuck up here until the fight ended, but that didn’t mean that I couldn’t make sure that Kenzlee and Alex were safe in the meantime.
Turning my attention back to my opponent, a guy named Gary Simmons, aka Night because one punch supposedly made his opponents go to sleep, I realized that I was going to have to put him down faster than I had originally intended. Earlier, Lars and Hunter had convinced me to extend the match a little to really exorcise my frustrations, but seeing Kenzlee here tonight changed all that.
Gary-or Night, rather-wasn’t going to know what hit him.
The problem with the guys who signed up to fight me was that they studied the recordings of my fights. They studied me, and sooner or later, convinced themselves that they had my technique figured out and could win against me.
The thing was that I didn’t have a technique. I had gut instincts, and that’s how I won my fights. Sure, I had fighting skills that were sharp and lethal, but I won my fights mostly on perception. I had this weird ability where I could anticipate someone’s move before they made it. It was little movements, little ticks. It was almost like a professional poker player taking notes of another player’s tells.
Like, right now. Gary was bouncing back and forth on his feet, doing that whole pumping up thing, but I noticed how he was putting too much weight on his right leg than his left in a rouse to trick me. This meant that he was lefthanded, and that he was probably going to try to surprise me with that. It also told me that if I had to sweep his leg, go with his right since it was weaker.
Of course, it wasn’t going to come to that.
I was going to knock him out with one punch.
The volunteer ring girl made her way around the outside base of the ring, and the second that she stopped in front of the bettors’ table, the bell rang.
We walked towards each other, and meeting up in the center of the ring, we hit fists as the ref told us not to kill each other. That’s all he was really here for anyway. His sole purpose was to make sure that no one was killed because there weren’t any real rules. We fought until someone conceded or was knocked out and couldn’t continue.
We each took one step back, fists raised, and I waited. I waited patiently for him to make his move, and I didn’t care how boring my fight was going to be. I didn’t care that there’d be no workup to some huge climax of blood and broken teeth. I was here to win for Edie and my Mom, and that was it.
Everyone knew I was never the first one to swing, so Gary swung with his right, trying to distract me, so he could come back with his left. Still, I was able to duck before my left hit the underside of his ribs and my right hit a direct shot to his chin. However, he didn’t fall and that had me infuriated. I didn’t have time for this shit. I needed to get to Kenzlee.
Gary got one good shot into my ribs before my right hit his chin again and my left followed up to the temple. This time, the motherfucker went down.
The roar was deafening, but it always was. It didn’t matter who was fighting, this was a bloodthirsty crowd. A few people rushed the ring as the ref held my arm over my head and announced me as the official winner. I didn’t pay attention to anything else because, as soon as my name and win was logged into the books, I exited the ring, then headed straight for Kenzlee, and it was a good thing that I had. I was approaching her just as some stuck-up looking rich kids walked up to her.
I stepped next to Kenzlee and Alexandria as Lars and Hunter each gave me a congratulations pat on my back. Alex was standing next to Lars.
The guy with the blue button-up and goddamn penny loafers had a surprised look on his face as he said, “Kenzlee, what are you doing here?”
I watched Kenzlee scan his little entourage of another guy and two girls. “What…what are you guys doing here?” she countered. “Lakeside’s a long way from Madison Prep.”
People were slapping my back and offering casual congratulations, but I was too busy eavesdropping on Kenzlee’s conversation. She was from fucking Madison Prep. That explained the fucking diamonds in her ears.
“We…we heard about some fights, and Jimmy thought it’d be fun to check it out,” he answered. “You…uh, you look great.”
That was my cue.
I stepped up until Kenzlee had to look at him on her tiptoes over my shoulder. “And who the fuck are you?”
His eyes widened because, unless they’d just showed up, he already knew who the hell I was. “Uh, I’m…uh, Cameron,” he stuttered.
“And how the hell do you know Kenzlee?” I figured that they probably all went to Madison Prep together, but I wanted to make sure.
“We…uh, she used to go to Madison Prep with us,” he answered. Then the hairs on the back of my neck stood up when he cast her a quick glance behind my shoulder and added, “And we used to date. We dated for a couple of years.”
Lars and Hunter were standing in front of me, pushing their little group back before I had a chance to knock his head clean off his fucking neck. “Oh, hey,” Lars said, chuckling. “If I were you guys, I’d probably take your party somewhere else.”
“Yeah, Kenzlee isn’t your business anymore,” Hunter added.
“Kenzlee, maybe we should leave,” I heard Alex say behind me, and I finally couldn’t stand it any longer.
The adrenaline from the fight, the frustrations from this week, the uncertainty where Kenzlee was concerned, and now being faced with the type of asshole that she was used to dating…yeah, I was not in a good head space for this.
I turned my back on Madison Prep, and grabbing Kenzlee by the hand, I drug her behind me through the crowd, but not before shouting to Lars and Hunter to take care of Alexandria. She didn’t know it yet, but by being Kenzlee’s cousin, she fell under the same type of protection that Edie and Kenzlee did.
Exiting the barn, I dragged Kenzlee behind me until we found ourselves in a cluster of trees on the opposite side of the clearing. We had enough privacy for me to make my point.
Because I was tired of waiting for her.
Chapter 12
The instincts we feel to self-protect.
Talon~
I had Kenzlee pressed up against a huge oak tree with my arms on either side of her, caging her in. I loomed over her, pissed that she had given that tool two years of her life. “Is it true?”
“Is what true?” she asked, grinding her teeth.
“Were you really dating that asshole?”
“You don’t even know him,” she said, defending him. “How can you possibly know if he’s an asshole or not?”
“Because I know one when I see one,” I snapped.
Her lip curled. “Takes one to know one, is that it?” she retorted.
My hand grabbed a hold of her chin, and I squeezed. “Don’t fuck with me, White,” I growled. “Did you date that fucking tool?”
“What does it matter?” she spat. “My life before now is none of your business.”
I didn’t comment on how she had let it slip that her life before now was none of my business, but I couldn’t stop the pang in my chest from her words. “Everything about you is my business,” I argued. “Including if you were fucking that asshole or not.”
Her face was beautiful, perfect outrage. “I was not fucking him!” she yelled. “He was my boyfriend for two years! We…we…”
I could feel rage unlike anything that I’d ever experienced before course through my body. I wasn’t pissed that she wasn’t a virgin because I was not about to be a hypocrite. My rage was a direct result of not knowing what that jackass meant to her. “You guys, what? Made love? Was he your first and only?”
Her light brown eyes narrowed furiously. “Yes! He was my first and it was…it wasn’t sleazy!”
He might have been her first, but I was going to be her last. “Do you still love him?”
Kenzlee’s head reared back, and her disgusted expression was genuine enough that it went a long way to calming me down. “Of course, not,” she frowned. “We broke up over a year ago.”
Because I was done letting Kenzlee adjust to our relationship, I said, “I don’t want to see you ever talking to him again.”
She smirked, and my hand on her chin tightened as she huffed, “So, as long as you’re not seeing it, then I can talk to him all I want?”
That was it.
I.
Was.
Done.
My mouth slammed down on hers, and it was everything that I was certain would drive me out of my mind, or rather, more than I already was.
Kenzlee’s hands latched onto the waistband of my shorts, and I could feel her fingers curl and dig into the fabric. My hand slid from her chin and across her jaw until I had it fisted in her hair. My left hand was digging into her hip, much like her hands were digging into mine.
I was already fucked, but the second that she opened her mouth to let my tongue in, I knew that I was never going to let this girl go.
Not fucking ever.
This was our first real kiss, and my body was on fire for it. The buzz that I always felt whenever I touched her had exploded into a full-on electrical storm. The sensation was like catching lightning in a bottle and drinking from it. Kenzlee’s hot breath tasted sweet and addictive.
I broke off the kiss long enough to tell her, “No one ever touches you again, White. You’re mine.”
My knees almost gave out when she whispered, “Talon…”
My lips took her again, but this time, my left hand joined in on the action. I had no idea how horrible or how spectacular her sex life had been with that asshole, but I was going to do everything that I could to make her forget that there’d ever been anyone before me. For a split second, I wished that I had taken the time to un-tape my hands, but my fingers were bare and that would work. I also didn’t care that I was still barefooted, save the tape.
Pressing my body up against hers, I ran my left hand down the outside of her thigh until it met skin. Kenzlee let out a small moan and that was all the encouragement that I needed. I slid my hand inside and upward until it was finally nestled where my face dreamt to be. Saints be praised, her panties were already soaking wet, and I was close to losing my mind.
“Fuck, baby,” I breathed against her lips. “You’re already so wet for me.”
She groaned, and I wasn’t sure if it was from pleasure or mortification, but I didn’t care. As long as she wasn’t pushing me off her or telling me to stop, I didn’t care. “Oh, God…”
I nestled my face in the crook of her neck and started marking the fuck out of her. My fingers slid past the fabric of her wet panties and were finally making contact with her slick, wet pussy lips.
Kenzlee Mitchell was going to drive me out of my fucking mind.
There wasn’t enough patience in the world for me to work this softly. The second that the sounds of her wetness around my fingers hit my ears, I plunged two fingers into her tight, wet warmth. “Oh, God…Talon,” she moaned, and I knew that our first time together was going to be quick and dirty up against this tree.
I worked my fingers in and out of her tight cunt as I finished another marking on her neck. I leaned back, so I could look at her, and it was like being fucking born again. Kenzlee’s head was thrown back with her eyes closed as she rode my hand.
She looked fucking phenomenal.
With each thrust, I curled my fingers inside her tight channel, and I knew that I was hitting that sweet spot of hers. Her breathing was becoming erratic, and the noises that she was making were becoming desperate. “Cum all over my fingers, baby,” I panted against her lips. “Cum on my fingers, so I can fuck your tight pussy.”
Kenzlee’s hips started grinding against my hand so hard that I knew she was close. “Talon…more…” she begged, and that’s when I knew it.
I’d won.
I had her.
With that newfound knowledge, I added a third finger and split her open as much as I could. Kenzlee’s pussy was tight as fuck, so that led credence to her statement earlier about breaking up with that fucker over a year ago. “Is that what you need?” I taunted. “Tell me how many fingers you need, baby? Or do you need my cock?” She whimpered and it was like music to my ears. “Is that what you need? You need my cock?”
“Talon…”
The spasms and cream dripping down my hand was all the answer that I needed.

~

Kenzlee~
I’d dated and loved a boy for two years, giving him my virginity, and I never once felt with him what Talon made me feel every time that he was near me.
However, now?
Now, all I could see was my entire life going down in flames because I didn’t know how I was going to give this up. Suddenly, all those articles about powerful men risking everything they had for sex made sense. I never could comprehend what made a person lose all sense of themselves just for sex.
I understood it now.
If they felt even a fraction of what Talon was making me feel right now, well…I got it, people.
My body was trembling, and my blood was an uncontrollable wave of lust and need all throughout my body. I wanted Talon, and in this moment, I’d do anything to have him.
Talon rested his forehead against mine, and in a voice that should scare me into running away, he said, “Tell me now if you want me to stop, Kenzlee,” he ordered, his voice a deep desperate rumble. “You need to stop me now or else I won’t. I won’t stop until you’re cumming all over my cock.”
Weak.
That’s the first word that came to mind.
I was weak.
I was weak because, while that word had been the first to pop into my mind, the word that came out of my mouth was, “Please…”
“Motherfucker,” he hissed right before he ripped my panties right off my body, grabbed both my hips, then lifted me, forcing me to wrap my legs around his waist. As soon as the tree was taking the brunt of my weight, Talon reached down, freed his dick, and in one hard, miraculous, life-changing, devastating thrust, he was inside me, and I was screaming for mercy.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck…” he chanted with every stab into my body. “Holy fuck, your pussy’s so tight, it’s strangling my cock, baby.”
I didn’t have a response to his words, and even if I did, I wasn’t sure that I could voice them. Talon was tearing me apart with every thrust, and the pain and pleasure were blinding me to everything around me, including his words.
I felt him everywhere and the sensations were mind-blowing. The pleasure was so unworldly that all I could do was beg him for more. “Please, Talon…”
“Please, what?” he grunted, his hands digging into my hips as he slammed into me over and over again.
“More,” I whimpered shamelessly. “More…”
He didn’t say anything, but his thrusts became harder, faster, and more painful. I truly never imagined that we’d end up like this tonight. I didn’t think that our first kiss would result in being unable to stop, but I could wait until morning to regret it. Right now, I just wanted Talon. I wanted what he was doing to me. Also, if I were being completely honest with myself, I wanted him to keep doing it.
With thoughts of Talon taking me a million different ways, my body started responding to all my dirtiest fantasies, and the desire was crippling. “Talon, I’m…”
“That’s it, baby,” he growled. “Cum for me again. Fuck, Kenzlee, don’t stop cumming for me.”
“Make me cum,” I challenged.
“My pleasure,” he chuckled, and all too soon-or not soon enough-my body was tightening around his, and tremors began to wrack my body.
“Oh, God…I’m cumming,” I moaned between my cries.
Still, I should have known that it was too good to be true.
I should have known.
“I’ve never had pussy this good, baby,” he praised as I came all around him. “I never knew that pussy could be this good.”
“Talon…” I whimpered, my body still riding that brilliant wave of ecstasy.
“But then I’ve never fucked a girl without a condom before,” he panted. “I hope you’re on birth control, baby.”
My eyes snapped open, and Talon’s unrealistic blue gaze was latched onto my brown one as he came and emptied his body inside of mine. The pressure of his release had me closing my eyes and throwing my head back again.
Weak.
There was that word again.
After a couple of life-altering minutes, Talon’s dick started to soften, and he slid out of my body. I unwrapped my legs from around his waist, and he held me firm as I found my footing and was finally steady on my feet.
With my head bent, I began smoothing my skirt down as Talon tucked his dick back into his shorts. It wasn’t until I looked up at him that I remembered where we were. I darted my head all around, making sure that no one was around, as Talon said, “Relax, Kenzlee. It’s just us here.”
“Talon-”
“So, are you?” he asked, interrupting me. “Are you on birth control?”
I stared up at him, and his beauty really was just too much for one person to possess. “What if I’m not?” It was such a girl question to ask, but I wanted to know how he’d feel about that. Cameron and I had always used condoms, so this was new for me, too.
Talon shrugged a shoulder and said, “Then you’re not.”
His cavalier attitude about it had completely astounded me. I couldn’t conceal my shock. “That’s it? Then you’re just not?”
He let out a deep sigh. “What do you want me to say, Kenzlee?” he asked. “There’s nothing we can do about what just happened.”
“And if I get pregnant?”
Surprising me again, Talon said softly, “Then I’m going to have the most beautiful little girl ever.”
The tears fell immediately.
The sincerity in his voice sounded so real that it made my heart stop.
This was all too much, too fast. My future was uncertain, and I had no idea where I was going to go in life. I didn’t need Talon making me promises that weren’t his to make.
Ignoring my emotional meltdown, I told him the truth. “I’m on the shot, so…we’re fine.”
“Kenzlee-”
I shook my head, trying to get myself under control, but I was seriously having an emotional and mental breakdown, and I wasn’t too proud to say so. “Talon, if you don’t get me out of here right this minute, help me find Alex, then let me go home, I’m going to lose my shit.”
Wisely, he heeded my warning and helped me get home without another word between us.
There was also no mention of my missing underwear.
Chapter 13
The cowardice we see in ourselves.
Kenzlee~
I lied.
I was a liar.
When Talon had taken me back to Alex, and I had begged her to go home, the panic on my face had been real enough that she had asked no questions, and we’d been out of there without so much as a goodbye, see you later, or fuck off.
The entire ride home, Alex had wisely kept quiet, but once we’d gotten home, she had come into my bedroom and had asked me what happened. I hadn’t been able to stop the tears that rushed out, and Alex had quietly held me as I cried my heart out.
When I’d finally been able to get myself under control, I had lied and told her that I’d just been overwhelmed with seeing Cameron and my friends-or ex-friends-again. I had told her that Talon and I had fought over Cameron, and she had believed me. Now, while all that was basically true, I had left out where I’d let Talon fuck me up against a tree after fighting with him for days.
The next morning, I’d told Uncle Allen that I wasn’t feeling good, but I’d suspected that Alex had told him about us meeting up with Cameron because the entire family had let me wallow all day long. I had also ignored the text messages, phone calls, and voicemails from Talon.
Now it was Sunday evening, and I’d been hiding out like a true coward all weekend. I was also pretty sure that the only reason that Talon hadn’t shown up at my house was because I had been such an emotional basket case after we’d had sex. He was probably afraid that I’d really lose my shit if he showed up. Now, while I didn’t think that he’d really care if I did end up becoming unhinged, I was sure that he didn’t want it to happen with an audience. The last thing that he probably needed was for my uncle and aunt to find out that he had piped me in the woods unprotected.
I’d been deleting all of his attempts to reach out to me as soon as they came through, so that I wasn’t tempted to answer. However, when my phone rang, and I saw Julie’s name on the screen, I answered it.
“Julie…” I answered tiredly.
“Holy crap, girl,” she said, diving right in. “Cameron told me that he saw you at some fight thing Friday night. Is that true?”
I sighed with every bit of emotion that only a teenage girl could muster. “It’s true.”
Julie let out a soft whistle before saying, “He said that you looked great.”
What?
“He said that?” Seeing as how I hadn’t been particularly dressed up, that took me by surprise.
“Yeah, he said that you were looking pretty hot,” she said slyly.
I snorted, unimpressed. “He was probably expecting me to look like a homeless disaster with my parents losing everything,” I replied, sarcasm dripping from every word.
Julie laughed. “Probably.” A heartbeat later, she added, “He also said that you were there with Talon freakin’ Draven, Kenz.”
“I was not-wait.” I paused with surprise. “How do you know Talon?”
I could feel her rolling her eyes over the phone. “Join the real world, Kenzlee,” she said theatrically. “Everyone knows who Talon Draven is.”
“Uh, I beg to differ,” I argued. “I had no idea who the guy was until I started going to Lakeside High.”
“That’s because you’re not the partying type. At least, not outside Providence,” she amended. “I’d bet you money that Kaden knew who Talon was.” The mention of Kaden’s name felt like a jab to my ribs, but I shook the impact off like I always did.
God, what I wouldn’t do to have my brother back.
Switching subjects, I said, “I saw that Cameron was there with Jimmy Brent, Holly James, and Kelly Milton. He said that Jimmy knew about the fights, and they thought it’d be cool to check them out.”
“Nu uh, girl,” she tsk’ed. “Tell me about you and Talon Draven. Cameron said that Talon almost lost his shit when he told him that you guys used to date. Cameron said that Talon’s buddies had to step in between them.”
Goddamn Cameron.
Screw it.
While this thing with me and Talon wasn’t ideal, I was pretty sure that we’d past the point of pretending that we didn’t affect one another. “We’re dating,” I confirmed. The words came out smoothly, but they tasted foreign on my tongue, and not because I wasn’t used to dating. They felt foreign because what Talon and I were doing felt way more serious than merely dating.
“Holy crap, Kenzlee,” Julie squealed. “You have to tell me everything.”
Her happiness for me was contagious, and I couldn’t help but laugh. “What do you want to know?”
She laughed back. “All the juicy stuff, of course,” she replied.
Even if I wanted to, there was no way to explain it. Oh, I knew that people all over the world believed that their love was the only love created from the Heavens. Still, I knew that there was something deeper between me and Talon, besides attraction and lust. There was an actual buzzing every time that we touched, and I knew that wasn’t normal for everyone.
“He…he’s a little intense,” I told her truthfully.
“I bet,” she chuckled. “I’ve only seen him fight once, a couple of years ago, but he was awesome.”
“Julez, he has an eight-pack,” I said, confessing one of my weaknesses.
She sighed into the phone. “God bless the boy,” she said dreamily.
“Oh, trust me,” I said, the words escaping before I could yank them back. “God blessed him plenty.”
There was a second of silence before Julie started laughing over the phone, and I joined in. “Oh, my God!” she shrieked.
Now I was going to have to tell Alex. It didn’t feel right confiding in Julie and not Alexandria. After all, she was the one who had been standing by me this entire time. Besides, I was pretty sure that Talon was going to announce it to the world tomorrow at school, and I didn’t want Alex feeling blindsided or left out.
“Hey,” I said into the phone, “let me call you back later, yeah?”
“Sure,” Julie replied. “Just make sure that your notes are in order because I want to know everything.” I laughed, and after assuring her that I’d dish all the details later, I went in search of Alexandria.
I found her in the backyard, on the porch, reading. I sat down in the chair next to her. “Where are your parents?”
She put her book down and looked over at me. “Picking up take-out for dinner,” she replied.
“Alex, I…I have something to tell you,” I said nervously.
She cocked her head at me. “I thought you might have,” she said softly.
Then I told her everything.

~

Talon~
I was going to kill her.
I was going to wrap my hands around that slender, delicate, smooth neck of hers and strangle the fucking life out of her.
Kenzlee had been avoiding me since Friday, and the only reason that I hadn’t shown up at her place yet was because I knew nothing about Alexandria’s family. For all I knew, her father could be a sheriff, and I didn’t need to be hauled away in handcuffs. However, let me find out that he was an accountant, or some such shit, and Kenzlee’s safety net would be gone.
I’d spent the entire weekend drunk off my ass and having Lars and Hunter babysit me from making an ass out of myself. My mind had been consumed with nothing but Kenzlee ever since I slid out of her body Friday night, and I feared that I was in real danger of losing my ever-lovin’ mind.
I’d never had sex without a condom before, and still knowing the risk to my future, I had taken Kenzlee bare anyway. I hadn’t cared about anything or anyone but her. Our connection had blinded me to all my other responsibilities, and had she not been on protection, I wouldn’t have cared about the repercussions.
That also terrified the fuck out of me.
It terrified me because I finally found the one person who exceeded the ranks of my sister and mother, and if Kenzlee changed her mind about us, I’d probably kill her.
I mean, how would I live without her?
If it weren’t enough that the girl had already taken over my mind, heart, and soul, now that my body knew what it felt like to be inside her, I wasn’t sure how I’d be able to see her every day at school and not just take her.
Fuck, how I wanted to take her.
I wanted to own every inch of her and only let her up long enough to catch a breath. I also wanted her to feel the same way about me. I wanted her every waking thought to be of me. I wanted her crippled with the need to ride my cock. I wanted her to fear losing me. I wanted her to see her next fifty years with me. I wanted her to seek me out every time that I wasn’t near because that’s what the girl did to me. She made me fucking crazy, and if I was going to be fucking crazy, well, then, she should be, too.
On top of everything else, I’d been right about Miss Manners. Kenzlee had looked magnificent when I had been balls-deep inside her, and I wanted to stare at her like that forever. However, sadly, my penis couldn’t remain erect forever, no matter that I had youth on my side.
Then when she had panicked and begged me to take her back to Alex, I had almost held her captive by the tree because I had wanted to see it.
I had wanted to watch Kenzlee break down emotionally and mentally. I had wanted to see her trust me with that level of vulnerability. I had wanted to witness her collapse, and then be the one to put her back together. The only reason that I hadn’t was because we had been where we were.
Kenzlee’s surrender needed to happen in private. It needed to be for my eyes only. Had she broken down, I would have had to take her back to Alex a mess, and I hadn’t been about to do that. No matter how close Kenzlee and Alexandria were, all of Kenzlee’s emotions belonged to me now. I was going to be the keeper of her weaknesses, and I was going to protect them with my life.
When she hadn’t answered my first text, asking if she’d gotten home safely on Friday, I’d had Hunter get Alex’s number and text her. When Alex had texted back that they were both home, I had gone home, then jerked off to the memory of the trees-twice-before I had taken a shower and had crashed.
When Kenzlee had ignored me all day yesterday, I’d had called up Lars and Hunter last night and had them lead me to the nearest house party to drink my irritation away. I had been on a serious mission to drink myself stupid before Lars had cut me off. I had ended up crashing at their place at the end of the night.
Thankfully, I’d had the biggest hangover known to man this morning, so I’d finally been able to concentrate on something other than Kenzlee ignoring my calls and texts. It wasn’t until about two this afternoon that I had finally started feeling human again. Luckily, Edie had covered for me and had told Mom that there was a bug going around at school. Mom had ended up making me some soup, and Edie had delivered it since Mom couldn’t afford to get sick.
Now it was Sunday evening and Mom was at work while I was in the kitchen making Edie some dinner. I was also making enough to have leftovers for Mom when she got home. However, because my sister didn’t know what boundaries were, she plopped herself down at the kitchen table and asked, “Is it Kenzlee? Is she the reason that you were stupid hungover this morning?”
I didn’t look back at my sister, but I did let out a sigh loud enough to let her know that I didn’t appreciate her butting into my business. “Don’t you have homework to do, or extra credit, or something?” I mumbled.
“Nope,” she sassed back. “I finished it all while you were eating your soup, you poor thing.” I shot her a look over my shoulder. She laughed. “Don’t look at me. That was all Mom.”
Screw it.
“Kenzlee’s been ignoring me all weekend,” I confessed.
“What’d you do, Talon?” my sister said accusatorily.
“Nothing,” I bit out. “She was at the fights Friday night and…she’s never been to one before.”
“Dammit, Talon,” she snapped.
I turned around and pointed the spatula at her. “Don’t start with me, Edie,” I snapped back. “I’m not going to keep fighting with you about this.”
“But how can you keep fighting if your girlfriend doesn’t want you fighting, either?” she asked.
“Kenzlee never said that she didn’t want me fighting, Edie,” I clarified for her. “I think it was just something that she’s not used to, is all.”
“Then why is she ignoring you?” she spat.
It was none of her business. Still, even if it were, I wouldn’t tell her what happened between me and Kenzlee. “Mostly because she’s stubborn as hell. But I’m not worried about it, and neither should you be.”
“But if she-”
“That’s enough, Edie!” I barked. “I’m not going to quit fighting, no matter what you, Mom, or Kenzlee say. Just because I love you guys does not mean I’ll let you run my life in a different direction. Everything that I’m doing, I’m doing for you. Don’t forget that.” My sister stared at me, blinking a mile a minute, looking utterly stunned, and it was freaking me out. “What?”
“You…you just said that you loved us,” she muttered.
“Well, of course, I love you.” What the hell?
“No,” she stressed. “You said that you loved us. You said that you loved me, Mom, and Kenzlee.”
Well, fuck.
I turned back towards the stove. “Yeah, so?”
“It’s a good thing, Talon,” Edie said. “Because I think she loves you, too.”
Chapter 14
The heartache we can’t hide.
Talon~
Edie’s words had kept me up last night way past what was considered a respectable hour, considering that I’d had a shitty morning and school the next day. Still, I had found myself staring at the ceiling, unable to think about anything else.
Now, it wasn’t that I believed Kenzlee was in love with me. I seriously doubted that she even liked me. She was drawn to me. She felt what I felt whenever we were near each other and that was the only reason that she let me in between her thighs Friday night.
What had kept me up last night was how easy it had been to lump her in with my sister and my mom of the list of females that I loved. The words had just floated out and it had felt natural saying it. Granted, it wasn’t anything that I was going to say to her anytime soon, but the words were there. They existed. The feelings existed.
This morning, I’d told Lars to go on to first period without me because I had a feeling that I was going to be late to class if I even showed up at all. I was leaning against Kenzlee’s locker, waiting for her, refusing to let her ignore me any longer.
The first warning bell hadn’t even rung yet, so I knew that we had some time when I spotted Kenzlee and Alexandria turning the corner and heading towards Kenzlee’s locker. Kenzlee’s feet faltered a bit, but she didn’t turn and run. They both headed my way.
The second that they were within earshot, I asked, “Alexandria, can you give me a moment with Kenzlee?”
I thought she’d fight me on it, but one quick glance at Kenzlee and she was saying, “Sure, Talon. No problem.” She turned towards Kenzlee. “I’ll see you in class.”
We both watched Alex turn and head towards class before Kenzlee looked at me and asked, “Do you mind?” I was still blocking her locker.
I stepped to her until her back was pressed up against the wall of metal. “Yeah, I do fucking mind,” I seethed, finally finding an outlet for all the grief that she’d caused me these past couple of days. “I mind a hell of a lot, if you must know.”
“Talon, now is not the t-”
“Well, then, tell me when is the time, White?” I bit out. “Because it wasn’t Friday, Saturday, or fucking Sunday, that’s for sure.”
“Are you seriously throwing a tantrum, right now?” she hissed, looking around the hallway that was littered with spectators.
I leaned into her, so that only she could hear me. “You haven’t even begun to see a tantrum, White,” I warned her. “Now, if you ever ignore me again like you did this weekend, I will show up at your motherfucking house and cause a scene that you’ll never be able to live down.”
Kenzlee’s eyes widened at the threat. “Talon, you cannot be serious.”
“Try me, White,” I challenged. “Now, like a good boyfriend, I gave you time to get ahold of yourself and come to terms with our relationship. However, I won’t be doing that a second time, so I suggest that you give in gracefully and save us both the headache.”
Kenzlee straightened to her full height, and swear to God, looked me in the eye as she said, “Friday night didn’t mean-”
I had my hand around her throat with her body pressed harder into the metal behind her, and I almost lost my motherfucking mind. “I swear to God, Kenzlee, if you tell me that Friday night didn’t mean anything, I will fucking kill you, right here, in front of everyone.”
“Talon,” she whispered sadly, “I wasn’t going to say that.”
I immediately let go of her neck, then crossed my arms over my chest. “Then what the fuck were you going to say?”
See?
Driving me goddamn crazy.
Then she had me ready to give up the fight, and just hand over my sanity to her on a silver fucking platter, when she placed a hand on my chest and said, “I was going to say that Friday night didn’t mean that, suddenly, I was going to start doing everything you say.”
“Kenzlee, you need to give me something before I lose my goddamn mind,” I warned her. “You need to give me something.”
I could tell from the expression on her face that she knew I was serious. This goddamn girl held my sanity in her hands. “Talon, I-” The first warning bell rang, cutting her off. She shook her head. “Look, we’re going to be late for class-”
“Talon, what?” I prompted, but then I knew that I must have been at my wit’s end because that’s the only excuse I had for the words that I said next. “Oh, I see. My dick was good enough to make you cum, but my bank account is still lacking too many commas for you to pick up the phone, is that it?”
The slap echoed throughout the entire hallway.
You could feel everyone within witnessing distance freeze in shock at Kenzlee’s attack. It was like even the dust particles in the air froze in anticipation of what was going to happen next.
My face burned like a sonofabitch, but Kenzlee’s face was red with fury. “You bastard!” she raged. “You fucking bastard!” Her hands hit my chest in a weak attempt to push me back. “You sorry sonofabitch!”
I dropped my arms and grabbed her by hers. “The truth hurt?”
“You don’t know anything about me!” she yelled. “After all the time that you’ve put into…into stalking me, you still don’t know anything about me!”
“Is that right?” I growled, pushing her back up against the lockers again. “Because I can tell you what I do know about you. I know that boyfriend of yours was wearing a watch that costs just as much as a car.”
Kenzlee got right back in my face, all her polite upbringing finally gone. “You know what else my boyfriend has? He has a nice house, a great car, limitless credit cards, and my virginity,” she spewed as she turned to walk away from me, forgetting all about her book for class.
I reached for her, but she evaded my grasp, and I didn’t care who was watching. “Don’t fucking walk away from me, Kenzlee!” I roared down the hallway.
All pretenses gone, Kenzlee turned around and yelled back, “You don’t get to tell me what to do, Talon! Friday night didn’t make you special!” she taunted, outing us. “All it did was make you second in a long list of many to come!”
I took off after her, and her eyes widened a split second before she turned around and started running herself. I chased Kenzlee with every muscle in my body working together to get my hands on her because I was fucking. Going. To. Kill. Her.
Unfortunately, she made it into the school office before I could catch up with her, and the little sanity that I still possessed kept me from rushing in there and just fucking her up.
Still, there was always lunchtime.

~

Kenzlee~
I had hidden in the nurse’s station all first period like a coward.
Alexandria had texted me with a demand to know what the hell was going on because my run in with Talon had been recorded and was already making the rounds throughout campus. I had texted back that I was okay, and that I was taking a breather in the nurse’s station, but I had assured her that I’d tell her all about it during lunch.
If only I survived that long.
Turns out, life had gone from high school teenage drama to Mafia-style threats of terror. I had managed to get through second and third period without seeing Talon, and to my surprise, he hadn’t been in fourth period. I figured that he must have been so livid that he’d just gone home.
However, I’d been wrong.
So very, very wrong.
The second that I met Alexandria at her locker, Lars and Hunter showed up, and I watched- stunned-as Hunter threw her over his shoulder and kidnapped her. When I had finally managed to get my bearings, Talon had come around the corner and dragged me into an empty janitor’s closet.
Struggling didn’t work, but the second that I heard the door lock, Talon let go of me, and I was able to take a step back and face him.
He. Looked. Incensed.
“Now, would you like to repeat what you told me earlier, White?” he asked darkly, his voice low and lethal.
I did my best to be brave, but it was hard. Talon was intimidating, and I was no longer fuming with outrage. I’d lost my fire somewhere in the nurse’s station. “If you’re going to talk to me like I’m a whore, well, then, I might as well make the most of the reputation that you’re giving me,” I replied anyway.
“Well, in my defense, what do you call a girl who lets you fuck her up against a tree without the benefit of protection, then refuses your calls and texts all weekend long?” he rasped out. “If it walks like a duck, talks like a-”
“You’re such an insecure asshole, you know that?” I threw at him. “You sneer at my earrings, not knowing they were a gift from my brother. You comment on my wardrobe, not knowing that I have to wear these clothes until they become threadbare. You talk about my boyfriend, not knowing that he dumped me over a year ago because I couldn’t get over the death of my brother fast enough for his liking. You make fun of my polite upbringing, not knowing that I was raised by the cooks and housekeepers because my parents are self-absorbed assholes. You laugh at me, not knowing that my parents lost everything, then dropped me off on Alexandria’s doorstep because they didn’t want to deal with me.” Tears were falling by this point, but I didn’t care.
Fuck Talon Draven.
“You taunt how I’m trying to hold myself together, all the while I have no idea what I’m supposed to do now that I can’t afford college, and I’m a legal adult living off Alexandria’s parents.”
“Kenz-”
“No,” I snapped. “Fuck you, Talon. Fuck you for making me some sick game that you feel you need to play. My life has fallen apart, and I have no direction, but you’re demanding all my attention like some deranged puppet master.”
“Kenzlee-”
“Well, you got my attention Friday night,” I said, not letting him stop me from saying what I needed to say to him. “You got it. You got me to spread my legs for you when the only other boy that I’d ever been with I could at least say I’d been in love with. So, congratulations, Talon. You got me to open my legs and let you fuck me up against a tree like a real slut. And because it was all too much, too fast, and I just needed some time to…refocus, you go and remind me of what I really represent to you.”
Talon stepped towards me, but I grabbed the nearest object on the shelves and threw it at him. “Fuck, Kenzlee!” he roared, dodging the missile.
“Stay away from me, Talon!” I screamed, beyond the point of embarrassment. So what if someone could hear us outside? We weren’t going to be able to live down that goddamn video from this morning anyway. “Stay away from me,” I repeated. “This…thing between us? It’s nothing. It’ll go away. It’ll die a nice, quiet death as soon as we start fucking other peo-”
This time, Talon didn’t care about flying objects. He was on me before I could finish my sentence. “Stop it,” he hissed as he bore down on me. “Just fucking stop it, White.”
I couldn’t stop the sneer on my face. “The truth hurt?”
“If you’re looking for an apology, you’re not going to get it,” he replied. “I’ve never made it a secret of how I feel about you. What did you think ignoring me all weekend was going to do to me?”
“I didn’t think it’d turn you into an insensitive asshole, making you treat me like a whore!”
“I’m not the one who screamed out what we did Friday night for everyone to hear!” he yelled back down in my face. “No one would have ever known had you not lost your shit!”
“I lost my shit?!” Was he for real?? “I’m not the one who accused you of slumming it!”
Talon took a step back, and pinching the bridge of his nose, he took a deep breath. I could empathize with his actions. This shitstorm was a mess.
We were a mess.
When he was done praying, or doing whatever the hell he was doing, he looked back at me and said, “I’m very aware of the fact that we’re fucking this thing up something fierce, but I’m not letting you walk away from me Kenzlee. I already had plans of never letting you go, but after Friday night, you’re not fucking going anywhere.”
“What about my boyfriend?” I flung at him snidely because I wasn’t ready to face whatever this argument was. “And I’m sure that your bank account hasn’t changed any since this morning.”
Talon’s eyes narrowed as he said, “The only reason that I haven’t strangled the life out of you yet, White, is because I know that I can’t live without you.” My knees buckled, and I cursed myself for wanting to believe him.
Weak.
“What did Lars and Hunter do with Alexandria?” I asked.
He cocked his head at my change of subject but answered anyway. “She’s safe. I just…needed her out of the way.”
I stared at him for a few quiet seconds and the reality of our…association was glaring. “We…we’re not good for each other, Talon,” I said quietly.
He gave me a tight nod. “You’re probably right,” he agreed. “But it doesn’t matter. You can motherfuck me all you want, but I’m never letting you go, Kenzlee.”
Chapter 15
The need to fight or flight.
Kenzlee~
The only reason that Talon had let me out of that janitor’s closet was because a teacher had started banging on the door. Apparently, someone had seen Alex getting kidnapped, then Talon dragging me into the closet, and after the video this morning, the anonymous student had feared for my wellbeing.
Now I was heading towards gym with Lars and Hunter in attendance, and I was just not up to dealing with those two. Once I’d found Alexandria being held captive by them at their lunch table, she had been a furious mess, ranting about how they had actually kidnapped her.
Hunter and Lars had just laughed at her.
I was going to have to apologize to her all through sixth period again, even though I had already apologized profusely for involving her in Talon’s drama. She had eventually calmed down and was mad at the Mob brothers more than she was at Talon. She had argued that all they’d had to do was ask her to go with them. Hunter hadn’t needed to throw her over his shoulder and cause a scene.
She was now a social media video clip, and she was not happy about it.
After I had spilled my guts last night, Alex had been very understanding and had told me that she didn’t blame me for keeping it from her. She imagined any experience involving Talon Draven would be a little overwhelming. She had also given me her blessing, and I’d had to laugh at that. Her blessing implied a choice.
If she only knew.
I walked out of the gymnasium locker area and headed towards gym class. However, I hadn’t made it ten steps before the Finley brothers were both flanking my sides.
Great.
Just friggin’ great.
“What are you doing to our boy, sweetheart,” Hunter whistled. “You got that dude losing his mind.”
I kept walking towards where the girls were gathered, trying my best to ignore the two buffoons walking beside me. I had nothing against these two personally, but knowing that they backed Talon unconditionally…well, that made me wary of them.
Ignoring Hunter’s comment about Talon, I said, “If you guys ever manhandle my cousin again, I will extract a revenge so brutal that the whole lot of us will end up on Investigation Discovery.”
This time, Lars was the one who let out a low whistle. “A little bloodthirsty there, are we?”
I stopped walking and turned to face Lars. “Alexandria has nothing to do with whatever is going on between me and Talon,” I told him.
Playful Lars was gone. He stepped to me, and his voice was low and dark as he said, “That’s where you’re wrong, Kenzlee. If she has anything to do with you, then she’s involved in all of this.”
“You guys can’t do this,” I hissed.
“Wrong again, babe,” Hunter said from behind me, and his voice was just as serious as Lars’. I whipped around to look at him. “No one’s going to come to your rescue, Kenzlee.”
I stepped back, so that I could look at both of them. “I’m not scared of you guys,” I bluffed.
It only took me a second to realize why they were Talon’s best friends. They all three had the same violent undercurrent. I felt it strongly around Talon, but these two also exuded that same vibe. However, something told me that Hunter was more brutal than his brother. Lars struck me as having a long fuse, and Hunter struck me as having a very short one. As for Talon? Talon didn’t have one at all.
“I’m not going to let you guys terrorize Alexandria,” I bit out, mad that they had upset her.
Lars laughed. “Calm your tits, Kenz,” he chuckled, the seriousness and anger instantly gone. “We didn’t terrorize your cousin. She sat with us at lunch.”
“For Christ’s sake, we even bought her lunch,” Hunter added. “I’d hardly call that terrorizing the females of Lakeside.”
I shook my head. I was at a complete loss here. The earlier scene with Talon, the kidnapping…all of it was turning me into someone that I wasn’t. I didn’t engage in public spectacles. I didn’t slap people. I didn’t get violent. I didn’t let guys that I hardly knew screw me in public up against trees.
Jesus.
Even when Kaden had died, I hadn’t acted out like this. After his funeral, I had cried in private. I had raged and bargain with God in private. My depression had been hidden behind a polite smile and a million ‘I’m fine’s. When Patrice had followed him soon after, it had been more of the same thing. I had grieved for her in private. All my emotions had always been expressed privately.
Mitchells didn’t cause scenes.
Yet, here I was, about to cause another one.
“Look, no matter what happens between me and Talon, leave Alexandria the hell alone,” I snapped, tired of everyone’s bullshit.
Hunter stepped to me and confirmed my suspicions. If someone ever told me that they’d seen Hunter burying a body somewhere, I’d believe them. “If you want us to leave Alexandria alone, then I suggest that you stop being difficult and just give. The. Fuck. In. Kenzlee.” See? The Mob all the way. “If Talon ends up expelled or in jail because of your bullshit, us buying lunch for Alex is going to be the least of your concerns.”
Whether he was serious or not, I wasn’t going to gamble with them messing with Alex. She didn’t deserve it, and I wouldn’t repay all her kindness like that. “Well, in case he hasn’t informed you, I already gave in, Hunter,” I admitted. “I gave in, and he treated me like a slut making my way through Lakeside.” Hunter straightened to his full height, and as he crossed his arms over his chest, I knew he didn’t care about my arguments. “So, don’t accuse me of being difficult when it’s obvious that Talon’s doing nothing but playing games with me.”
“Next time, don’t ignore him all weekend long,” Lars chimed in.
“Why are you guys doing this?” I had a fair idea, but I still asked.
“Because it’s no less than what Talon would do for us if we ever lost our minds over some pussy,” Lars smirked, and I reached out before I found myself trapped inside Hunter’s strong arms.
“Whoa there, hellcat,” Hunter chuckled.
“Miss Mitchell, is there a problem?” Coach Hiller hollered from where all the girls were gathered.
Hunter immediately let me go, and as I righted myself, I hollered back, “No, Coach Hiller. There’s no problem.” Turning my back on the Finley brothers, I headed towards my gym class.
“This isn’t over Snow White,” Hunter warned, and my feet faltered at the name. I wondered at just how much Talon had told them about us because even Alexandria didn’t know that Talon called me Snow White.
Gym class sucked.

~

Talon~
Hunter had told me all about gym class during sixth period, and in hindsight, kidnapping Alexandria might have been a bit extreme. I was going to have to remember that in the future, but I was hoping there wouldn’t be more incidences like this in the future.
After Kenzlee had poured her soul out in the janitor’s closet, I had spent most of the day ignoring what the good teachers of Lakeside High had been trying to teach me, and I stalked her on social media like a certified creeper.
It was during my stalking spree that I’d found out the brother that Kenzlee had lost was Kaden Mitchell, her twin.
I’d known Kaden from the fights. He had never fought in any of them, but he would bet heavy, and he had always been the king of the party. He had been very charismatic and easygoing. It wasn’t until the last couple of years, before his death, that he had taken his partying ways up a few notches. He was always drunk or high, and that girlfriend of his had always been by his side, protecting him.
As a matter of fact, I’d only seen shit go sour one time during my association with him. Some guy had grabbed his girl’s ass, and Kaden had gone knuckle strong on the dude. That incident had been how we had officially met. I’d had to stop Kaden from killing the guy and risking the longevity of the underground fights. After that, we’d had a casual passing acquaintance every time that Kaden attended the fights.
When the rumors had spread that he had overdosed, I hadn’t been shocked because he hadn’t kept his addictions or partying ways a secret, but I had been saddened. Kaden Mitchell had been a good dude, even on drugs or drunk. I couldn’t imagine what an extraordinary guy he could be when he’d been sober.
Then, Jesus, when the rumors had spread that his girl had killed herself a couple of weeks later, that had really been like a punch to the gut. Seeing them together, anyone could tell they’d been in love, and that his girl had adored him. Kaden hadn’t been bashful or overly macho about his attentions towards her, either. Wherever they’d been, everyone could tell that they’d been a serious couple. I had always assumed that knowing how she couldn’t have helped him was what had done her in. That kind of guilt was crippling. Hell, love was crippling. I ought to know because Kenzlee had me all fucked-up.
Kenzlee.
Armed with all the shit that she’d thrown at me, I had made significant progress in my online stalking of the girl, and that’s when I had learned about Kaden and about her parents losing everything. Her father had made headlines among the wealthy newsfeeds and the articles had been scathing. Still, any sympathy that I might have felt for what they were going through had died a quick death when I had come across a couple of small articles where they had blamed Kaden’s girlfriend for his overdose.
What fucking assholes.
I glanced up at the clock and there were only three minutes left in class, and those three minutes weren’t ticking away fast enough for me.
After Hunter had told me about their little run-in with Kenzlee, I knew that we couldn’t continue this way. Kenzlee was becoming more and more combative, and her protective stance regarding Alexandria was giving her more inner strength than I needed to deal with.
I also needed to tell her that I knew her brother. It felt…wrong that she didn’t know that. Kaden wasn’t just her brother; he had been her twin. That had to matter in a way that I would never understand. I’d lose my soul if I lost Edie, but to lose the one person that you actually shared a womb with? No wonder Kenzlee was a mess.
The bell rang, and Hunter stood up as I did. “So, you’re skipping seventh, then?”
“Yeah,” I replied, grabbing my shit. “I’ll text you guys later if Kenzlee hasn’t murdered me and left my body to rot somewhere.”
Hunter laughed. “Well, she only made references to not kidnapping Alex anymore. She didn’t say anything about you kidnapping her.”
“Christ,” I guffawed. “Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.”
Handing Hunter my textbook, we left sixth period, then I headed towards Kenzlee’s locker, hoping that I wouldn’t have to have Alex kidnapped for a second time today. I knew they had seventh period together, but I wasn’t sure just how willing Kenzlee would be to leave with me.
Not after the way that I fucked up this morning.
I’d always been an asshole, but I never realized just how arrogant I was until Kenzlee had revealed all the bullshit that she’d been having to deal with the past couple of years. All this time, I thought that she didn’t have anything better to do than deal with this unexplainable attraction between us, and I had really believed that she was just being snobby and difficult. I had really convinced myself that whatever was going on between us should be her main priority.
Because it had become mine.
I saw her standing at her locker, and her back was towards me. It didn’t escape me how unhealthy it was to be happy that she couldn’t see me coming, so that she couldn’t escape before I got to her. I stepped to her, and I knew the second that she could feel me behind her because her body tensed, and she stopped breathing.
I did the only thing that I could do.
I leaned down and placed a soft kiss on the side of her neck. With my lips against the shell of her ear, I whispered, “Go home with me, White.”
Kenzlee’s shoulders sagged, and I knew that I had her.
I knew that she didn’t want me to have her, but I did.
She turned her head slightly but wouldn’t look at me. “Why?”
She knew why. She just wanted to hear the words. “So that I can apologize with you naked underneath me, Kenzlee,” I answered honestly. “So that I can show you just how very sorry I am, baby.”
“I hate you, Talon,” she said, her voice breaking apart with each syllable.
I wrapped my arms around her waist from behind and pulled her to me. Ignoring all the stunned glances and curious looks, I kept whispering in her ear. “No, you don’t,” I corrected her. “You wish you hated me. But you’re stuck in this just as badly as I am, White.”
She didn’t try to get away, but she did say, “You can’t treat me like dirt, Talon. I won’t allow it.”
“And you can’t treat me like I don’t matter because I won’t allow that,” I countered. I unwrapped my arms from around her waist and told her, “Put your shit up, text Alex, and let’s go.”
Kenzlee turned to face me, and my knees almost buckled.
She looked…ready.
Accepting.
My hand reached up to cradle her face. “Tell me you love me, White,” I ordered.
She shook her head. “I can’t possibly love you, Talon,” she denied. “It’s only been days-”
“Tell me you love me, Kenzlee,” I repeated.
Her surrender was there in her light brown eyes, and I knew it was killing her to be honest about us. “I love you, Talon,” she whispered.
Finally.
Chapter 16
The desire that consumes us.
Talon~
My mom working herself to death had always brought out dark emotions in me whenever I thought about how hard she worked. However, for the first time ever, I was happy that she had two jobs. It meant that she wasn’t home, and I needed all the privacy that I could get with having Kenzlee with me.
After putting her stuff up, she had texted Alexandria, then had quietly left with me. It was the first time that a girl had been in my truck besides Edie, and while my truck hadn’t come right out of the junkyard, I hadn’t forgotten that, once upon a time, this girl had ridden in Mercedes, BMWs, and Cadillacs. My vehicle was a simple white Toyota Tacoma that I had actually won in a fight a year ago.
However, Kenzlee didn’t say anything or act differently when I had opened the door for her and helped her in. I let her set the radio stations to whatever her favorite stations were, and there was a distinct feeling of contentment in that small act. I had also told her that she could connect her playlist if she wanted to, but she had acted like that was akin to proposing marriage and had assured me that she was fine with the radio adjustments.
We arrived at my house, and I didn’t bother with a tour of the place. My house was standard built with a kitchen, living room, two bedrooms, one bathroom, and a master bedroom. It matched the row of other houses that lined the neighborhood. Besides, just because Mom was at work…well, that didn’t mean that we had hours to ourselves.
I walked Kenzlee to my room, and the second that she was safely inside, I locked the door behind me. I watched as she took in my room, and seeing it through a new pair of eyes, I realized that it really wasn’t much. It was functional with only a few personal items scattered about.
Kenzlee looked over at me and asked, “Your mom doesn’t mind you bringing girls home?”
I walked towards her, and when I was standing in front of her near my bed, I reached out and tucked her hair behind her left ear. “I’m not sure of her stance on that because I’ve never brought a girl home before.”
She looked hopeful when she asked, “You’ve never had a girl in here before?”
“No one but Edie,” I confirmed. “And now you.”
I didn’t say any more as Kenzlee reached for the hem of my shirt and pulled it up and over my head. I stood still as her hand hovered over my chest, barely touching me. “Do you know how beautiful you are, Talon?” she whispered.
Beautiful?
Hardly.
Still, I didn’t want to ruin this moment for her. “Do you know how beautiful you are?” I countered.
Kenzlee looked up at me, and her eyes flickered back and forth between my eyes and my lips. “I think I meant what I said earlier,” she said seriously. “I’m fairly certain I do love you. Isn’t that weird?”
I nodded in agreement because…well, fuck, it was. We hardly knew each other, but we were being forced together. That was the best way that I could describe it. Like fate was forcing us together, and we were powerless to choose for ourselves. I hadn’t said it back yet, and I wasn’t going to. I wasn’t going to until I was balls-deep in her pussy, connected to her in the deepest way possible.
I cradled her face in my hands and kissed her like I’d die if I couldn’t taste her. Kenzlee threw her arms around my neck, and the next few minutes were nothing but frantic hands discarding clothing everywhere. When we were both completely naked, I was able to pull back the bedcovers with one hand while I guided Kenzlee into my bed. For some reason, I wanted to fuck her under the covers. I wanted her to feel like she belonged in my bed just like I did.
Bracing my weight on my elbows, I looked down at her, and when my lips found her neck, I said, “I’m going to kiss every inch of your skin, White.” She moaned and her legs instantly pulled wider, making room for me. “I’m going to lick and taste every secret you have, baby.”
Her hands got lost in my hair as my lips reached her tits. “Talon…” she moaned as soon as I took one of those hard peaks into my mouth. Her legs opened more, and it took everything that I had not to just slam home.
Instead, I took my time kneading her big tits in my hands and sucking on those pale pink nipples of hers. I made sure to pay equal attention to each luscious tit, and my dick was painfully hard at the image of me cumming all over them. I wanted to paint Kenzlee from head to toe with my seed, and make sure that she never lost the smell or taste of my cum on her. It was barbaric and archaic, but I wanted to brand this fucking girl with everything that I had to give her.
I continued to travel south, and the second that my shoulders were pushing her thighs apart, I dove in and started making out with her already wet pussy.
Kenzlee’s hands tightened in my hair as she let out a desperate wail. “Oh, God…Talon…”
My lips and tongue played with Kenzlee’s pussy, and I wondered how I was ever going to leave this spot. Kenzlee tasted just as perfect as I knew she would. Her cream was sweet and delicious. “Fuck, baby,” I breathed against her bare lips. “I’m going to need to eat this pussy every day.”
She made me chuckle when she replied, “And I’m going to let you…oh, God…”
I nuzzled the trimmed triangle over her clit with my nose and moaned, “You weren’t going to have a choice.”
I went back to licking that sensitive pearl, but this time, I slid two fingers into her tight snatch and the wrapped warmth was almost enough to make me cum all over the sheets. I wanted Kenzlee like this every day, and I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to accomplish that. Sooner or later, she’d have to explain to her uncle why she wasn’t going home right after school anymore.
Kenzlee’s knees dropped some more, opening her up wider for my face and fingers, and when she started fucking my fingers back, forcing them to go deeper, I knew that she was close. “You gonna cum, baby?”
“Yes…” she hissed, desperately chasing that high.
I went back to devouring her, and I wasn’t bullshitting her. I was going to need a taste of her every day. There’d be no way I’d be able to go an entire day without the taste of Kenzlee’s unique flavor on my tongue.
I sped up my movements, and my tongue and fingers worked together to take Kenzlee over the edge. Her body locked up, and she let out a string of curses as her body locked around my fingers and she started to tremble around me.
I couldn’t wait any longer.
I climbed up her body, and with her eyes still closed and Kenzlee reveling in the aftermath of her orgasm, I plunged into her pliant body harder than was needed, but I had a point to make.
Kenzlee was officially all mine.

~

Kenzlee~
My eyes snapped open, and my hands flew over my head to grab onto Talon’s headboard. “Talon,” I cried out, not bothering to worry if the neighbors could hear me or not. Even as slicked up as I was from the orgasm, Talon was large, and his invasion had been swift and brutal.
He didn’t say anything as one hand wrapped around my joined wrists, holding me down, and the other dug into my hip, holding me in place as he crashed into me over and over again. It hurt, but not enough to tell him to stop. In fact, I needed more of him. I needed him deeper. I needed him crazed with the need to be inside me. He hadn’t told me that he loved me back, so I needed him to show me, even if he couldn’t say the words yet.
The pleasure consuming me made it difficult to keep my eyes opened, but I tried. I kept opening them because the sight of Talon’s naked form over me, holding me down, muscles flexed, veins pulsing, his face looking feral and possessed, was the most beautiful thing that I’d ever seen. He was fucking me hard and relentlessly, but he was loving me, too.
I knew that.
I could feel that.
Because I wanted to be where he was, I opened my legs wider, so he could bury himself inside me deeper, more forcefully.
“That’s it, baby,” he panted. “Spread those legs wider for me. Let me get deeper inside that tight pussy of yours.”
“Harder, Talon…” I begged, even though I wasn’t sure if he could. He was already pounding into me hard enough to leave bruises, but I just needed…more.
I was desperate for more.
Then it hit me what I needed. I needed Talon to cum inside me. I needed his mark. I needed his ownership. I needed to belong to him-to someone. I needed to matter to someone, and what I needed was Talon to prove his words to me. I needed…to be bound to him, and there was nothing more binding than a man releasing his seed into your body. Even with protection, there was still always the possibility of pregnancy, and while I didn’t want to get pregnant, I still needed Talon’s claim on me to be real.
Absolute.
Friday night hadn’t been enough.
“Harder?” he smirked. “You need to be fucked hard, White?”
My eyes rolled to the back of my head as he went at me harder and deeper, but when I finally managed to look at him again, I told him the truth. “I need you to cum inside me, Talon,” I moaned.
“Motherfucker,” he hissed through gritted teeth as he pulled out, then flipped me over. I wasted no time positioning myself on my hands and knees, and Talon wasted no time driving into me again.
However, this time?
This time my body bowed, and my scream was straight out of a horror movie as Talon bottomed out in my womb. Women who wished for a man with a big dick clearly had no idea what they were talking about. “Talon!”
His fingers were digging so deeply into my hips that I could feel his fingertips on actual bone. “This is what you want, isn’t it, White?” he taunted. “Weren’t you just begging me to fuck you harder? Weren’t you just begging for my cum?”
Why, yes. Yes, I was.
Then Talon did something that made me realize that I needed to be more specific when I begged him to cum inside me in the future. I felt a dollop of spit cool on my ass, and I knew that it wasn’t to aid in what we’d been doing so far. I was so turned on and already wet from the orgasm that he’d given me earlier, there was no need for him to add to the lubrication.
Unless…
The skin on my left hip cooled as Talon’s hand disappeared and found its way onto the center of my ass, his thumb starting to rub little circles on the edges of my tight, puckered hole.
I froze, and Talon stopped everything immediately.
We stayed frozen in silence for a full five seconds before Talon’s right hand reached underneath my body, and grabbing my left breast, he pulled me up until my back was flushed with his chest. His dick was still lodged deep inside me, but the movement had also caused his thumb to breach my ass, and I thought I was going to pass out from the dual sensations.
Talon’s lips were at my ear when he said, “Is that tight, little asshole of yours untouched, Kenzlee?”
I thought the question absurd seeing as how his thumb was two knuckles deep inside it now, so I answered, “Not anymore.”
He wasn’t moving and the pressure was driving me insane. Talon’s lips skimmed over my neck as he asked, “Are you going to let me have it?” I whimpered at the dirtiness of what he was asking of me, and it wasn’t because I was disgusted with the idea.
Talon’s hand slid from my breast up towards my neck, and the second that he wrapped his powerful grip around my throat, I knew that I’d let this boy do anything that he wanted to me.
Anything.
“Yes,” I panted shamefully. “You can have it. You can have me.”
The only sign that Talon heard me was his growl as he pushed me back down on my hands and knees, then slammed into me over and over again as his thumb alternated with his thrusts into my pussy. It couldn’t have been five minutes later that the dual penetrative sensations had me cumming all over Talon’s cock. “Oh, God…”
He fucked me through my orgasm, and once again, pulling me up against him, he pulled his thumb free, then held onto my hip while his other hand wrapped around my neck. Against my ear, Talon chanted how much he loved me over and over again as he came inside me.
“I love you, Kenzlee,” he snarled. “I love you. I fucking love you, baby.”
The tears started flowing as Talon kept emptying himself inside me, and I wasn’t entirely sure where they were coming from. I told myself that I was just feeling overwhelmed, but a deeper part of me was certain that it was because I had gotten my wish.
I was tied to this boy in a way that I was probably not prepared to be. I was out of my depth here, and I didn’t care. I meant what I’d said. Talon had me. He had all of me. He had all my parts; broken, new, old, and the irreparable ones.
We didn’t collapse on the bed until he started to soften, and then he hauled me onto his chest, covering us with the bedsheet, which I thought was odd. I didn’t think guys cared about modesty like that, but I didn’t question it.
It felt…perfect.
If felt perfect, and I didn’t question when my body started to relax, and my eyes started to droop.
I didn’t question anything.
Chapter 17
The peace that frightens us.
Kenzlee~
“Baby?”
There’s a baby here?
I snuggled deeper into the blankets on the bed, willing my mind to go back to sleep, but it started to wonder what a baby was doing in my room.
I heard, “Baby, it’s past four,” before hearing a chuckled, “I mean, I don’t care if you stay, but your uncle might start to worry about you.”
Uncle?
Oh, shit!
I sat up and almost knocked Talon in the head. “Holy crap! What time is it?” I looked around, not caring what I looked like or that I was still naked underneath the covers.
Talon straightened and smiled down at me. “It’s past four,” he repeated. “Your phone was buzzing with text messages, and I…uh, saw that it was Alexandria, so I texted her back, letting her know you were asleep.” I was surprised that he looked a little bashful as he explained all this. It was almost as if he cared that I might get upset because he had taken liberties with my phone.
I held the sheet up to my chest with one hand while I reached for my phone with the other. Talon must have placed it on the nightstand after he had texted Alex back. I scrolled through the messages and mumbled, “It’s okay. She covered for me.” I looked up at Talon. “If you can get me home right now, I can…it’ll be fine.”
Talon cocked his head at me. “You can’t just tell your uncle that you were at your boyfriend’s house?”
My boyfriend.
“I…I suppose I can. I mean-”
“Talon?” came a female voice from somewhere in the house. “Talon, are you home?”
That was not Edie.
My eyes widened. “Oh, shit!” I jumped out of bed, not caring about my lack of clothing, and dove for them like an Olympic diver. “Is the door locked?” I yelped.
“Kenz-”
“Oh, my God…Oh, my God…Oh, my God,” I panicked. “Please tell me that’s not your mother, Talon.”
“I don’t like to lie, Kenzlee,” he said, and I could swear that there was some laughter that I was hearing in his voice.
The bastard.
I threw on my clothes faster than I’d ever thought possible. I knew that I looked like a wrinkled, used mess, but I didn’t care. The objective here was clothing.
I had clothes on.
Turning towards Talon, I immediately wanted to slap his face. “This is not funny, Talon,” I hissed. “Your mother is…is…she’s going to know.”
“Kenzlee, it’s fine,” he said, chuckling. He reached for my hand, then threading his fingers with mine, walked me out of his room, through the living room, and into the kitchen.
A petite, older woman-who looked exactly like Edie-stared at us walking through her living room, and she was doing a horrible job of hiding her shock. Her eyes were wide and dancing back and forth between me and Talon, but I finally saw where Talon and Edie had gotten their incredible eyes from.
A hole in the ground would be great right now.
“I…I didn’t realize y…you had company, son?” she stammered.
Talon snorted as he pulled me behind him to stand in front of his mom. “Kenzlee’s not company, Mom,” he said. “She’s my girlfriend.”
Mrs. Draven’s eyes grew wider. “I’m…I’m sorry…your girlfriend?”
Talon chuckled as he leaned in to give his mom a kiss on the cheek. “Don’t act so surprised, Mom. I do like girls, you know.” Then Talon went on to ignore her shock and disregard my shame and said, “Edie will be home soon. She’s catching a ride with someone in her debate group. I started dinner. I’ll have your lunch packed by the time you get out of the shower and are ready for work.”
Never mind Talon’s mom’s shock.
I stood there, staring at this complex boy, as he checked on the dinner that he had started and took control of his household, taking care of his sister and mother.
Holy shit.
His mom kept looking back and forth between us before she finally looked at me and said, “Kenzlee, is it?” I nodded. “Hi, Kenzlee. I’m Helen Draven. It’s…uh, good to meet you.”
Meeting her, that hole in the ground would have come in a might bit handy right about now, because what I said next was going to haunt me for the rest of my days. “I’m so, so sorry, Mrs. Draven,” I blubbered. “It was inappropriate and disrespectful, and I’m terribly sorry. I…I shouldn’t have been in your son’s bed, and I should have paid you and your home more respect. I…oh, my God,” I cried, mortified. “I’m so sorry. I…I completely understand if you…if I’m no longer welcomed here.” I shook my head sadly. “I wouldn’t want a disrespectful hussy with my son either, ma’am,” I whispered quietly.
The silence was louder than anything that I’d ever heard in my entire life.
Mrs. Draven’s eyes were blinking, and I feared that she might be having a seizure, whereas Talon was staring at me with his mouth hanging open. It took only a few short seconds for everything that I’d just said to play back through my head, and the heat creeping up my neck was unmistakable.
Talon finally cleared his throat and said, “Uh, I had planned on telling her that we were just hanging out, and that you had fallen asleep while I was cooking dinner, had she asked, Kenz.”
I hugged my arms around my waist and mumbled to the floor, “Do you think you can take me home now, Talon?”
The asshole laughed. “Not on your life, babe.”
I felt a small, dainty hand on my arm, and it was rubbing up and down in a soothing motion. “Sweetheart,” his mother said softly, “it’s okay.” I looked up at her pretty face, and she had the sweetest, softest expression. “I’m just surprised because Talon’s never brought a girl home before, or has had a girlfriend, that I’ve known of.” She smiled sweetly. “It’s really nice to meet you.”
“You don’t think I’m a hussy?” I asked in a humiliated whisper.
She shook her head. “No, I don’t,” she assured me. “I think my son must be in love with you for you to be in my home. So, no, I don’t think badly of you. I just hope you both are being responsible.”
“Mom,” Talon groaned.
She laughed as she walked off saying, “Just wait until after graduation to make me a grandma.”

~

Talon~
Mom had gotten ready for work, and after sending her off with her lunch, she’d been the one who had actually dropped Kenzlee off at home. I hadn’t liked it, but I’d had to feed Edie and make sure that she was okay.
I didn’t mind the responsibility, but I hadn’t liked not being the one to take Kenzlee home. However, now that we were doing this, I was hit with just how hard it was going to be to be without her. I knew realistically that she couldn’t live with me, but I wished for that scenario. A part of me even wanted to argue that she was technically a grown adult; so that she didn’t need her family’s permission to move in with me. However, I also knew that she’d never go for it.
Baby steps.
When my mom had gone to get ready, Kenzlee had collapsed in utter embarrassment and had wanted to run from the house. She didn’t think she’d ever be able to face my mom again. I had done my best to assure her that my mother didn’t live in La-La Land, and that she knew that I was legally an adult and got into stuff. All she cared about was that I was safe and not burying dead bodies in the backyard. I wasn’t sure if she believed me or not, but she had relaxed a bit and hadn’t flip out when my mom had come back into the kitchen to help me prepare her lunch for work.
When Mom had come back into the kitchen, Kenzlee had excused herself to go freshen up, and Mom had used those few precious moments to drill me. She thought Kenzlee was an absolute darling and was happy to see me with a girl who showed some morals and backbone, no matter how embarrassing. She had also reminded me that she’d kill me if I got Kenzlee in trouble and didn’t do right by her. When I mentioned that I’d marry her today if she’d say yes, that had shut Mom up.
I knew it wasn’t so much that Mom approved of me having a girl in my bed, but I’d always been respectful of her, Edie, and our home. I had never had a party here. I had never had people here, besides Lars and Hunter. I had always cleaned up, taken care of Edie, and respected that, while she was never home, Mom was doing her best, and it was her paychecks that paid the mortgage on this place.
So, seeing Kenzlee with her hand in mine, Mom had immediately known that she was special. She’d known that there was only one reason why Kenzlee would be in her home.
Because I loved her.
Now, lying in my bed, staring up at the ceiling, there was nothing that I wanted more than to have Kenzlee back in my bed.
I grabbed my phone and called her. Fuck texting. I needed to hear her voice. “Hey,” I said when she answered on the second ring.
“Hey,” came her soft whisper.
“You sleeping?” I hadn’t really given the time much thought because I felt wide awake.
“No,” she replied. “I was just…” She let out a deep sigh, and I laughed.
God, we were pathetic.
“You were just in bed thinking of me?”
Kenzlee chuckled. “Yeah, that. How’d you know?”
“Why do you think I called you?” I countered.
“Because you wanted to have phone sex?” she teased.
“The thought hadn’t even crossed my mind,” I told her honestly. “Now, how’s that for being pussy-whipped without the pussy?”
She was quiet for a few seconds before asking, “So, why’d you call if not to have phone sex?”
“Quit saying that,” I warned. “You’re going to make me start thinking about phone sex.”
I could hear some shuffling and it sounded like she was getting comfortable. “Okay,” she said. “No more p.s.”
“Great,” I laughed. “Now that’s all I’m going to think about anytime someone uses those letters.”
She laughed. “Can I ask you something, Talon?”
“Anything,” I replied, meaning it.
“You promise that your mother doesn’t think that I’m some sort of cheap floozy out to corrupt her precious son?”
I sighed but was smiling. “I promise you, White, that my mother doesn’t think any such thing. Christ, woman, she wouldn’t have driven you home if she had.”
“That was so embarrassing, Talon,” she whined. “I mean, really, really embarrassing.”
“Hey, you can’t blame me for that,” I reminded her. “I had every intention of protecting your virtue. You’re the one who let your guilt spew out all the dirty details.”
“Not funny,” she growled.
I disagreed. “It was a bit funny.”
“So, are you ever going to get around to telling me why you called?” she asked, changing the subject.
“I called because I wanted to talk to you,” I told her.
“About what?” She sounded genuinely curious and that bothered me. It was as if she didn’t think that I’d want to talk to her.
“Everything,” I admitted. “I hardly know you, and…that doesn’t sit well with me, White.” It really didn’t. Here I was, telling this girl that I loved her, bringing her to my house, and I still only knew the bare minimum.
I could hear the smile in her voice. “What do you want to know?”
“Well, why don’t we start with kindergarten, then go from there?”
Kenzlee laughed, and it was like my soul was at peace. Every responsibility, every stress, every worry, everything that I’d had to deal with since my dad walked out felt…easier. My world just felt lighter listening to her laugh, even though that wasn’t true. All my responsibilities still existed, but somehow, it felt like life was going to all work itself out.
“Well, that could take all night,” she pointed out.
“Then it takes all night,” I replied. “I mean it, Kenzlee. I want to know everything.”
“Does that mean that I get to know everything about you, too?” she asked.
“I’ll tell you anything you want to know, babe.”
She was quiet for a few seconds before saying, “Well, it all started when my mother had a charity breakfast to attend, and so, Lela, our housekeeper, had to take me and Kaden to our first day of kindergarten. But it was okay,” she sarcastically added. “You know? Since most of the kids that had been privileged enough to get into that kindergarten were also all being dropped off by the household staff.”
“Sounds like special times,” I said wryly.
“Oh, they were,” she chuckled.
For hours, that’s how we had spent the night; telling each other everything that we wanted to share. By the time we had fallen asleep around three in the morning, there wasn’t anything that I didn’t know about Kenzlee, and there wasn’t anything that she didn’t know about me.
Chapter 18
The drama that follows us.
Talon~
I had only gotten four hours of sleep last night, but I felt…alive, and anyone who knew me could tell. Edie had made mention of it this morning as we’d been getting ready for school, and now Lars and Hunter were giving me shit about it at our lockers.
“There’s only one thing that can put that look on a guy’s face,” Hunter smirked.
“And it’s not a piping hot breakfast,” Lars chimed in.
I flipped them both off as I grabbed my book out of my locker. “Don’t you have to get to class,” I growled to Hunter.
He just smiled. “Yep, but I’m pretty sure this gossip is worth being late to class for,” he chuckled.
“There is no gossip, you asshole,” I replied.
“Oh, c’mon, Talon,” Lars whined. “Don’t be like that.”
I shut my locker and turned towards the two jackasses. “What did you guys do? Grow vaginas overnight?” I looked back and forth between the two. “Are we going to start attending knitting classes and taking sensitivity courses?”
Lars grinned. “Must be love,” he surmised. “Only love makes a guy clam up like that.”
“A jaw wired shut does that, too, asshole,” I huffed.
“Sooooo?” Hunter asked.
I’d known these guys since we were babies, and knowing that, I knew that they weren’t going to let this go until I gave them something. “We came to an understanding yesterday,” I finally admitted.
Hunter’s brows shot up. “The kind of understanding where you guys called a truce not to kill each other?”
I smirked and started walking. Hunter would leave me and Lars at the east fork to head to his class while Lars and I headed to first. “The kind where she’s my girlfriend, and she’ll actually admit it in public,” I snorted.
Lars started laughing. “I bet the make-up sex was explosive,” he hooted tactlessly.
I side-eyed him. “The make-up sex is none of your business,” I informed him.
“Aahh,” Hunter added. “So, you’re saying that there was some make-up-”
“Don’t make me fuck you guys up,” I growled. “Because I will.”
Then Hunter did the ultimate as we reached the hallway separation. He took off to the left, but not before hollering down the hallway, “Talon Draven, in love. Who would have thought?” His laughter followed behind him.
His announcement stopped everyone in their tracks, and all eyes shot over to where Lars and I were standing. “I’m going to kill your brother one day,” I stated, matter of fact.
Lars just shrugged as his hand slapped me on the shoulder. “I’ll be the first to admit that the boy needs killing sometimes, but he’s not a liar,” he chuckled.
I shook my head and started walking towards first period again. “I expect that kind of shit from you, not Hunter,” I replied.
“Oh, dude,” he sputtered, clearly offended. “Don’t count me out just yet. I’ve already put it all over social media that you’re pussy-whipped. Did it the second that I saw that goofy ass look on your face.”
“Goddamn it.”
We reached first period, but before we walked in, Lars asked, “So, is it love?”
I looked at one of my best friends, and there was no way that I was going to lie to him or downplay what Kenzlee meant to me. “Yeah, it is,” I admitted. “Anyone goes near her, you know what to do.”
Lars nodded. “And Alexandria?”
“The same,” I confirmed. “But…maybe we need to explain it more in detail. Alexandria doesn’t strike me as the type to just go with the flow without explanation.”
Lars snorted. “Ya think? It’s amazing what a little kidnapping does to a woman.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, girls are just so hard to impress these days,” I deadpanned.
Lars reached for the door handle to first period, and holding it in his hand, looked at me. Lars was the least serious out of all of us, so when he got serious, we paid attention. “Does she love you back?”
I nodded. “Yeah, she does, man,” I told him honestly. “She told me she did, and…and I believe her.”
Lars grinned. “That’s good enough for me.”
“I mean it, Lars,” I stressed. “No one touches her.”
He gave me a sharp nod, then opened the classroom door. “And no one will,” he agreed.
We made our way to the back towards our desks, and I ignored all the eyes that kept glancing my way. I wasn’t stupid. I knew that this was big news. I knew that people were going to be curious, and I knew that they were going to consider it a big deal. I’d never had a girlfriend before, and the hookups that I’d had were just that-hookups.
I’d never taken a girl to the movies or to dinner. I’d never taken a girl to my house, and I’d never gone to hers. I’d never held a girl’s hand or spent time with one, apart from my dick out and her skirt up.
Other than Edie, I’d never spoken to a girl about her feelings, her goals, her problems, or just her goddamn hobbies. Now, it wasn’t that I didn’t like girls or respect them because I did. I’d just never met a girl who had taken my interest past the basics. It wasn’t a case of playing hard-to-get or an over-inflated ego, either. I’d just never found a girl who had interested any part of my body besides my dick.
It had taken a beautiful girl who looked like Snow White to flip me on my ass.
A girl who had more class and grace in her little finger than what all the people that I knew put together. Kenzlee was way too good for me, and I knew it.
I knew this.
I knew that she deserved better than an average garage mechanic, construction worker, or whatever the fuck it was that I’d end up doing in life. I also knew that, even though those diamond earrings were from her brother, she deserved to be draped in diamonds.
Even after staying up all night, talking and knowing that her future was uncertain, and that she was planning on looking into community colleges or just getting a job, her circumstances didn’t change the fact that Kenzlee was too refined and special for an ordinary life.
However, that was the only life that I was going to be able to give her.
She was never going to have diamonds other than the ones already in her ears. She was never going to have furs or eat at country clubs. It was all going to come down to a choice between my love and everything that she had been used to.
I could only hope that my love would be enough to last her for the next fifty years.

~

Kenzlee~
Apparently, Lars and Hunter Finley were connected enough to launch their own news station.
By the time that I was walking towards third period, the entire school knew that Talon and I were officially an item. My phone had dinged with notifications from every social media outlet that I had with requests from Edie, Lars, and Hunter to be added to my lists of friends and followers.
Alexandria had been giddy and excited all morning for me, and I thought it was hilarious how fangirl she got over me dating Talon. The kidnapping thing aside, she really was happy for me. She said the simple fact that Talon’s never had a girlfriend before was enough for her to believe that he was serious about me.
I didn’t tell her that I had no doubt just how serious Talon was about me. We had stayed up all night, learning about each other, and nothing had been off limits. We had talked about his father walking out on his family. We had talked about Kaden, and how Talon had met him before. We had talked about why Talon fought, and all his plans for Edie and his mother. We had talked about how my father had lost everything, and how my parents had dumped me on my uncle. We had talked about how he’d never had a girlfriend before, and my relationship with Cameron. Granted, we had glossed over that topic because Talon hadn’t been too eager to discuss Cameron, and how I had lost my virginity to him, but we had touched on the subject.
We had talked about everything.
We had even talked about his planned future and my uncertain one. However, what had surprised me the most was how Talon had made it clear that none of that mattered. He had made it clear that our futures would be whatever they were going to be, but we were going to live them together.
I believed him.
By the time that we’d hung up the phone, he had convinced me that we were going to have a happily ever after. It had been an easy fantasy to fall into. I had no direction after graduation, but the idea that I might be lost, but that I wasn’t alone, was enough to put my heart all in.
Heading down the hallway towards third period, I was brought out of my thoughts of Talon and our relationship when a tall redhead stepped to me. I didn’t know who she was, but I’d seen her around. I often passed her after gym class, but we’d never spoken or greeted one another. She was very pretty, but something told me that her approach had nothing to do with wanting to be my newest BFF.
She was taller than me by a few inches, but not much intimidated me these days. Even her classy features and her nice figure weren’t enough to make me doubt myself. Not because I was stunning or anything like that, but simply because I didn’t care about petty high school egos.
She stopped in front of me. “Kenzlee, is it?” she asked, although we both knew that she already knew my name.
I gave her a sharp nod. “Yep.” I cocked my head to the side. “What can I do for you?”
Her chin shot up a notch. “There’s some ridiculous rumor going around that you’re dating Talon Draven. Is it true?”
There were two ways that I could play this: answer her cordially or point out that Talon and I were none of her business. Now, usually, I opted for politeness because that’s how I’d been raised. We were polite above everything else and never caused a scene.
However, I wasn’t stupid.
I knew that dating Talon was a big deal around here. Even if he wasn’t an underground fighting superstar, I was the first girl to ever catch his eye and matter to him beyond getting a condom out. I knew that guys were going to be curious about what made me special, and I knew that girls were going to be catty, wondering why they weren’t. I couldn’t show any weakness or Talon and I would be over before we began.
“I’m sorry,” I said politely, “but who are you?”
“Tammy Jones.” She said it as if I should know who she was. A part of me prayed that Talon hadn’t slept with her, though not because I was jealous, but because I didn’t want to deal with old crushes.
“Well, Tammy Jones,” I retorted, “since I don’t know you, and Talon’s never mentioned you, I don’t see how that’s any of your business.”
She looked truly offended. Her chin went up another notch before saying, “You’re nothing but a novelty, you know that, right?” I didn’t respond. “You’re the new girl. The girl who’s fascinating for the moment.” Christ, this girl really had no qualms about being nasty to someone that she didn’t even know. “Talon will see that you’re nothing special soon enough.”
I laughed. She was a real piece of work. “Even if all that is true,” I replied. “I still don’t see how it’s any of your business.”
Jealousy was clear as day on her face and oozing from every pore on her body. “I know that you’re just latching onto him because of all the money that he makes fighting,” she spewed, trying a different tactic.
I shook my head. “Make up your mind,” I bit out. “Either he’s using me or I’m using him, which is it?” Before she could answer, the second warning bell rang over our heads, and while I wanted to be the better person-I really did-I needed to put a stop to this now. “Look, I don’t know who you are or what you think, and frankly, I don’t care. However, a little advice? If Talon wanted you, he’d be with you,” I stated simply. “And since he’s not, well…that speaks for itself.”
Her face was raging red when she said, “I’m going to laugh when he finally gets tired of you and dumps you.”
I smiled in the face of her jealousy. “You can,” I said. “You can laugh right along with everyone else, but you still won’t end up with Talon.” The last warning bell rang, and I turned my back on her to head towards class.
She didn’t call out to me or try to stop me, and I was grateful. I’d never been in a fight before, but I wasn’t afraid to be in one. I’d just never been in a position where someone was so upset with me that it turned into a physical altercation.
I got to class just in time, and thankfully, while I got a few glances here and there, no one was super obvious in their curiosity.
I sat at my desk, and I felt like such a girl at the thought of sharing fourth period with Talon. I’d seen him this morning in the parking lot, but we hadn’t had much time for privacy. It had felt like the entire school had surrounded us, even though that hadn’t been the case. I just really had wanted to be alone with him, and so it had felt that way.
We weren’t ten minutes into class when the classroom phone rang, and the teacher told us to hold on a minute. Staring out the classroom window, I hadn’t been prepared for her to call my name after she hung up the phone.
“Ms. Mitchell?”
“Yes?” I replied, looking over at her.
“You’re needed in the office,” she informed me.
Goddamn Tammy Jones.
Chapter 19
The shock that changes us.
Kenzlee~
It was funny how you thought life might be going in one direction, only to find out that it was going in a direction that you never imagined.
I had really believed that I was being called into the office because Tammy Jones wanted my boyfriend, but, oh, God, how wrong I was. I had assumed someone had seen the confrontation in the hallway and had notified the office in an attempt to…I don’t know, stop something from getting out of hand, perhaps?
However, that hadn’t been it at all.
When I had gotten to the office, the school’s receptionist had directed me to the counselor’s office, and when I had walked in, Uncle Allen and Aunt Sheri had been sitting inside, and no one in the room had looked happy to see me.
My first thought had been that something must be wrong with my transcripts or something, and that I wasn’t going to graduate. My second thought had been that my uncle and aunt no longer wanted me, and they’d made an appointment with the school to figure out what to do with me. It was that second thought that had me dropping in the empty chair next to my uncle.
I could never imagine how wrong I had been about everything.
Even now, sitting on the plane, heading back home, everything was still kind of fuzzy in my head. I mean, I’d understood the words, and I could grasp their meaning, but it was still unreal.
I was headed back home to be with my mother because my father had killed himself.
My father had put a bullet through his head yesterday morning, and my mother was beside herself.
While it might have been insensitive, all I could think about was how much of a slave my father must have been to money that he couldn’t live without it-literally. Still, I supposed that made sense; the love of money being the root of all evil and all that.
I knew that I’d never been a huge factor in their lives. I knew that I was just as dismissive as Kaden had been. Still, to voluntarily choose to abandon your wife and child, rather than live modestly, just blew my mind. My father would rather be dead than live in an apartment and drive a Saturn. Now, the only men in my life who were supposed to love me forever were gone. Kaden had died from neglect, and my father from greed.
Sitting on the plane, I couldn’t imagine what my mother had called me for. Was she afraid of being alone now that my father was gone? Was she going to insist that I move back home with her? Was I being called back for funeral arrangements and the services? Was there even going to be a service or was she going to cremate him quietly and privately?
After my uncle and aunt had broken the news to me, they had walked me to my locker where I’d gotten my purse, and then I had followed them to their car. They had driven me home to pack some stuff before watching me board a plane to go see my mother. I had no doubt that Alexandria would soon know what was going on, so the only text that I had sent out was to Talon to let him know there’d been a family emergency, and that I’d had to fly home. The message had been short and vague, but I hadn’t wanted to call him just yet. I wasn’t sure what the catalyst would be that would eventually cause me to fall apart, but I had a feeling that it’d be Talon’s voice that did it. Feeling this, I hadn’t wanted to fall apart in an airport. I wanted to wait until I was wherever my mother was with some privacy.
I stared out the window, into the sky, and it didn’t escape me how, a few weeks ago, I had loathed to leave everything that I’d ever known, and I had wanted nothing more than to stay within my new familiarity, surrounded by friends and family. I hadn’t wanted to leave my home, my school, my friends, my parents…I had felt so…deposited. However, now, I couldn’t imagine moving back home and going back to Madison Prep.
I had a sister in Alexandria, a friend in Edie, and everything else in Talon. I couldn’t imagine leaving Talon now. My chest jumped at knowing that, even if he came with those two nutjobs, Lars and Hunter, I still couldn’t imagine leaving him.
It was too soon, and some of it could be attributed to my severe loneliness and abandonment, but I loved Talon. I believed in what I felt whenever I was with him. I believed in that buzz that I only felt whenever I was around him. I believed in every thrust into my body that he felt the same way that I did. In a matter of a couple of weeks, he’d shown me that I matter more to him than my parents had shown me in all my life. So, I prayed that the only reason that I was on this plane was to help my mother with funeral arrangements, and not because she wanted me to come back home. There was no way that I could do that now. I cared what happened to her, but I wasn’t going to upend my life for her again.
Not this time.
My phone buzzed on my lap, and I saw that it was a quick text from my mother, letting me know that she’d be waiting for me at the airport. However, as I read it, I notice another text had come through earlier that I must have been too out of it to have noticed.

Talon: When r u coming back?

Talon: White?

Talon: Goddamn it! When r u coming the fuck back, Kenzlee?

I quickly typed back.

Me: Sorry. I just saw this.

Before I could type more, he hit me with an immediate text.

Talon: WTF?!

Me: We’re getting ready 2 land. Can I call u this evening?

He didn’t respond right away, but eventually he did.

Talon: Just...just tell me ur coming home soon.

I stared at his text. Coming home.
Yeah, no doubt about it, Talon was my home now.

~

Talon~
I felt like I was losing my goddamn mind.
When I had received Kenzlee’s text, telling me that there had been a family emergency, I’d already been waiting for her by her locker to walk to fourth period together. Panic had already begun to set in, wondering where the fuck she was, so when I had gotten her text, it had helped, but not really.
I had spent all fourth period very aware that she wasn’t sitting next to me and worrying about her family emergency. Then my thoughts had turned darker when I had started to worry if she was going to be expected to go back to her parents’ house because of this emergency. By the time lunchtime had rolled around, my mind had gone completely dark, and I’d had Alexandria trapped against her locker, demanding explanations that she couldn’t give.
All I could get out of her was that there’d been an emergency with Kenzlee’s dad, and that Kenzlee’s mom had called for her. Alexandria had sworn she didn’t know the details, and I’d been forced to believe her because she hadn’t seemed overly upset. I figured that, if there’d been a death in the family or something like that, then Alexandria would have been pulled out of school, too, wouldn’t she have?
Then, because Kenzlee was right, and I was an insecure asshole, I had spent lunchtime thinking back to those fucking assholes at the fights from Madison Prep. Would being back home and around all that money and class make Kenzlee homesick? Would it remind her that she could do better than Lakeside? I’d been so consumed with my dark uncertainties that, by the time that seventh period had rolled around, and Kenzlee’s absence was back in technicolor, I had scheduled my name for another fight the upcoming Friday. While the money was always a good enough motivator, this one was because I was full of frustrations that I didn’t know how to handle any other way.
It was eight o’clock at night before I finally got a phone call from Kenzlee. “What the fuck, Kenzlee?” I snapped as soon as I answered the phone.
“Talon…” she whispered, sounding exhausted.
“What?” I snapped, acting every bit the dick. “How the fuck are you going to take off and not tell me why or where you’re going?”
Her voice sharpened when she said, “I told you where I-”
“You told me shit,” I accused, interrupting her. “I got a fucking text about a family emergency and that’s it. What the fuck was I supposed to do with that?”
“You were supposed to realize that there was a family emergency and that everything is not about you,” she flung at me. “I told you that I’d call you later. It’s not like-”
“Like the weekend that you left me hanging?” I knew that I was sounding like a spoiled brat, but I couldn’t help it. I was agitated and pissed.
“Are you fucking serious right now?” she shrieked. “I swear to God, I do not have time for your bullshit, Talon. If you don’t think that I’ll hang up and go silent on you, then you’re wrong.”
“Oh, I have no doubt you would,” I agreed. “I’ve already had a healthy dose of your avoidance and silent treatment, White.”
“Fuck you, Talon,” she snapped. “Just fuck you.”
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Unfortunately, the click of the phone going silent was what snapped me out of my assholishness.
Kenzlee was dealing with a family emergency, and she was right; I was making this all about me because I didn’t know how to have a fucking girlfriend. I was like a needy child whose mother was dropping him off at daycare for the first time and couldn’t handle being left to his own devices.
I dialed her number, and as predicted-and deserved-she didn’t answer. So, I called again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
I called until the calls went directly to voicemail.
I had to laugh, though it wasn’t a happy laugh. For all her refined sensibilities, Kenzlee had balls.
I fired off a text, hoping that the immediate ‘sorry’ that would flash across her screen would be enough for her to answer the phone.

Me: I’m sorry, baby. I’m an asshole.

I waited.
And waited.
And waited.
This time, I really did laugh when she made me wait an entire fucking hour before responding.

Kenz: R u ready 2 act like a grownup?

I dialed again, and she answered on the second ring. “Baby…” I said because what else could I say?
Kenzlee let out a sad, exhausted laugh as she said, “You’re such a fucking asshole, Talon.”
I smiled. “I know,” I agreed because I wasn’t a liar. “But you love me, regardless, right?” She was so quiet that I thought she hung up on me again. However, it was a few seconds later that I could make out the sounds of her crying. “Awe, baby, what’s wrong? What happened?”
“My…my dad, Talon,” she whimpered. “He…he…”
My stomach started to churn, and I had a horrible suspicion that, whatever had happened, it hadn’t been an unfortunate accident. “What happened, White?”
“He…he…oh, Talon,” she cried, and I let her keep on crying. I wasn’t going to rush her. After a few more tears, she got it out. “He…he killed himself yesterday.” The last part was said on a whisper, and my entire soul hurt for her. Kenzlee had already lost so much with losing her brother and her life as she’d known it, this wasn’t what this sweet girl needed right now. Or, hell, ever. No one needed to experience a suicide.
“I’m so sorry, White,” I whispered over the phone, hating how helpless I felt. “Is there anything that I can do, baby?” I knew there wasn’t, but the question needed to be asked anyway.
“I wish you were here,” she sobbed, and I’d never hated the circumstances of my life as much as I did in this moment. If I had money, I could be there with her. If Edie’s future weren’t so goddamn vital to getting her out of our neighborhood, I could use some of the money that I’d saved for her to buy a plane ticket and be there for Kenzlee.
If I were more than what I was, then I’d be doing what I was supposed to be doing for the woman that I loved. However, because I was no better than every other poor kid trying to make it, I couldn’t be. I had vowed to take care of Edie and my mother, but with them, things could only go up. What I did for them could only help them.
Kenzlee?
Kenzlee was already on top; she didn’t need anyone to help her get up there.
I cleared my throat. “I…I’m sorry I can’t be there for you,” I replied like a little bitch.
“It’s okay, Talon,” she assured me.
However, it wasn’t okay.
Not in the least.
Chapter 20
The decisions we regret.
Talon~
I had spent last night just listening to Kenzlee cry over the phone, and the entire experience had been brutal. Several times, I had wanted to say to hell with it and use some of Edie’s money, but it was just too much of a slippery slope to start on.
I’d been saving everything that I could from the very first fight that I had ever won, and I’d only ever used some of the money if things had been dire at home. I had made a commitment with that money, and I had never steered away from its intent. If I started rationalizing reasons to spend it now, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if Edie ended up struggling in college because of my selfishness.
Now, it was Wednesday evening, and I had to make do with random texts throughout the day, letting me know that Kenzlee was doing okay. School had been brutal, and I couldn’t tell you anything about what I was supposed to have learned today. However, Alex had taken pity on me, and she had tried her best to calm me as much as she could with the details about what she knew. However, I had already known most of what she had been telling me anyway. Kenzlee had told me their plans last night.
Because her father had shot himself in the head, her mother had opted for cremation in a small, quiet affair. She’d been so concerned about appearances that she had told Kenzlee that, if he were cremated, then no one could prove that he had committed suicide. When Kenzlee had pointed out that it was public knowledge on the news, her mother had actually told her that she could spin it off as gossip and misinformation. I’d known that her mother was a piece of work, but Jesus.
The service had been this morning, and their attorney was going to read her father’s will this afternoon, to where Kenzlee would be home sometime tomorrow. It hadn’t been until she had assured me that she’d be home tomorrow that I had started to calm down a bit.
Glancing at the clock in the kitchen, I was putting the finishing touches on dinner when my phone rang. I grabbed my phone and answered it, dinner forgotten. “Kenz?”
I could hear the soft smile in her voice. “What are you doing?”
“Making dinner,” I answered. “What’s going on with you?”
She was silent for a bit, and the bottom of my stomach fell out with irrational thoughts of her telling me that she wasn’t coming home tomorrow after all. She finally spoke, and her words hollowed me out worse than if she had told me that she wasn’t coming home. “I’m…I’m at a hotel,” she muttered.
I was instantly on alert. “What are you doing at a hotel? Why aren’t you with your mom?”
Kenzlee cleared her throat a bit. “We got into a fight,” she replied.
“Over?” I couldn’t imagine what they could possibly fight over after her father’s funeral, but, hey, rich people.
“The reading of his will,” she answered and that made complete sense. It was funny what money, or lack thereof, did to people.
“But…baby, was there even anything to leave?” The night that we talked until three in the morning, she had told me all about her parents’ financial problems. Plus, according to common knowledge, life insurances usually didn’t pay out on suicides.
I could hear sniffles, but she wasn’t balls-out crying. “Talon...” she whispered.
“Baby…” Fuck. I hated not being with her.
“Talon, he…I guess he knew things were going south a while back, and…when I turned eighteen, he opened a living trust of some sort and started depositing money into the account,” she explained, shocking the shit out of me. “I…I don’t know all the legal jumbo of it all, but I guess…I guess, since it’s in my name only, it had been untouchable in the seizure of all their assets. It’s rightfully my money, and since he hadn’t done anything illegal, and he just couldn’t manage his money, the money in the account is all mine.”
She’d only been legal for a few months, so it couldn’t be that much money, right? “So, for the past few months, he’s been depositing money in an account for you?”
“No,” she breathed out. “He’s been doing it for a while. He just took his name off the account when I turned legal.”
I felt like I was going to throw up.
Kenzlee had money again.
Kenzlee had money and was no longer destitute. She no longer needed to live off her uncle’s good graces, and I felt resentful over it. I was so self-absorbed, and so goddamn evil, that I couldn’t even be happy for her.
I was pissed.
I asked the one question that I really, really didn’t want to know the answer to, but I had to know what I was up against. “How much are we talking, White?” I mean, how much was enough to make her mother start fighting with her right after a funeral, for fuck’s sake?
“Talon…Talon, there’s a bit over two million dollars in the account,” she admitted, causing my entire world to shift once again.
Kenzlee had two million dollars.
I wasn’t sure how wealthy she’d been before her parents had lost everything, but surely two million dollars was enough money to get her foot back in the door, right? She had two fucking million dollars that was going to make college possible for her again. It was going to make her future limitless.
“Talon?”
I shook my head and snapped myself back to our conversation. “Uh, yeah,” I stuttered. “Uhm, and your mom’s upset because…?”
“Well, because you’re right,” she replied quietly. “There really wasn’t anything left to leave, and even if there was, insurances don’t pay out on suicides.”
“Well, that’s not your fault,” I pointed out, doing my best to ignore my mental issues.
“No, but…” I could hear her taking a deep breath. “He…he left me a letter and it was wonderful and horrible all at the same time. He apologized and said that he was always going to take care of me, he just wanted the shame of what he’d done to die down first. But…” Kenzlee started crying. “Oh, Talon, he wrote that he thought he couldn’t live with the shame of being a loser, so he…” She couldn’t finish. She just started sobbing, and I sat quietly on the phone as she did.
The irony wasn’t lost on me. I was feeling threatened at knowing that she’d been left this money, but in reality, she’d always had this money. Her father had set her up for life, and he had just been biding his time, so that she could access the money with no drama.
Kenzlee had never been poor. She was always going to end up with money, and I was just the poor fool that had fallen for a girl who would always be out of my league.
Fuck. My. Life.

~

Kenzlee~
I was sitting at the Lakeside park, watching postcards and advertisement ads coming to life. It was late afternoon, and people were walking their dogs, and jogging, and playing football, and all that stuff that people only did in movies.
And me?
I was sitting on a bench, scared out of my mind.
My plane had landed around noon, but I had opted to just go home and skip the rest of the school day. The last couple of days had been so emotionally exhausting that it was a wonder that I wasn’t sleeping the day away.
I’d never gone through such a cold ordeal in all my life. Kaden’s funeral had been a burial with the viewing and church services and everything. His had been a real mourning, and what one would expect from laying a loved one to rest.
My father’s cremation had been nothing like that. My mother had managed to get the ball rolling on his cremation once the police had been satisfied that it had been a self-inflicted wound, and since there was only me and my mom, there were no relatives to dispute her rush on the cremation. Two days later, he had been burned to ashes, placed in an urn, and that was that. I hadn’t even thought that was possible. I’d thought…I don’t know. I’d thought it was a longer process, but I guess…hell, I don’t know.
The reading of his will had been painful, sorrowful, and brutal. He’d had no kind words for my mother at all. He’d left her absolutely nothing. Even his suicide note had made no mention of her. He’d simply written that he couldn’t live with the stigma of shame that he’d brought on himself. The only thing that the attorney had to present was the letter that my father had written me, and the details of the trust that he’d opened in my name only now.
Oh, God, that in itself was another thing altogether. When the meeting had concluded, my mother had lost her shit completely. Even though she’d never worked a day in her life, she had insisted that the money in the trust was rightfully hers. She’d even threatened to fight me over it, and that’s when things had gotten really bad. I had bated her, reminding her that she didn’t have any money to fight me over the trust with, and that’s when she had thrown me out of the house that they had still been living in.
I’d found a cheap hotel, called Uncle Allen, and he had paid for it on his credit card, along with my plane ticket home, and I had never been more grateful to him.
Now, I was at the park, waiting on Talon.
Our conversation last night had become strained after telling him about the money, but I had chalked it up to my frayed nerves, and his apprehensiveness at not having me nearby. He’d never been shy about letting me know that he struggled when I wasn’t around. It was sweet, if not a little psychotic.
When I had asked why the park, he had said that he wasn’t comfortable going to my uncle’s house yet, and he knew that I didn’t have a car. The park was closer to Uncle Allen’s house than it was to his.
I should have paid more attention to the tone of his voice versus the words he’d been saying, and then maybe that way, I would have been more prepared for what was about to happen.
Ten minutes later, I spotted Talon walking towards me, and I could feel all the tension leave my shoulders. My stomach fluttered, and my heart swelled.
Talon was here.
He was going to make it all better.
I jumped up off the bench as soon as he was a few feet in front of me, and I didn’t care that we were in public as I threw myself in his arms.
He caught me with ease like I knew that he would.
He caught me, and his arms around my body felt like steel bands, threatening to cut off my breathing. God, I never wanted to leave his arms.
Ever.
“Talon,” I cried into his neck.
He kept wrapping me tighter and tighter in his arms. “White,” he breathed against my hair, and it was funny how a name that I once hated had become to mean everything to me.
After a few minutes, he tried to dislodge me, but I wasn’t letting go. He finally got the hint and lifted me, so my legs would wrap around his waist, then he walked us back to the bench. Talon sat down with me wrapped around him, and he held me as I cried into his chest. He didn’t utter a word until I was finally able to get myself under control.
However, once I was calm enough to speak, Talon had pulled me off his lap and sat me down beside him, and his cold demeanor was like a slap in the face. Not being able to pull my eyes away from his face, I asked, “Talon?”
His words were like razor blades skinning me alive. “I’m not going to compete with two-million dollars, Kenzlee,” he stated, cold and matter of fact.
“Wh…what?” I didn’t understand. What did he mean compete with two-million dollars?
His eyes finally met mine, and I was struck stupid by their color all over again. However, this time, it was the coldness in them, and not their unique color, that had me captivated. His eyes flickered towards my earlobes and back before saying, “Now there’s nothing stopping you from getting bigger diamonds, White.”
Now that was a slap in the face.
I reared back, shocked, hurt, and confused. “What are you talking about, Talon?” I asked. “What…what are you saying?”
He let out an emotionless laugh and it was ugly. “I’m talking about two-million fucking dollars, Kenzlee,” he spat. “I’m talking about Rolex’s, penny loafers, BMWs, and Ivy League colleges. Isn’t that what this is? Your future back? Isn’t that what your father gave you back? Your future?”
The tears immediately spilled over, and I didn’t care that they were for a different reason this time. How could I have misread the signs so badly? Talon hadn’t held me tight because he missed me. He had held me like that because it was the last time that he was going to hold me.
He had absolutely no idea what I had planned for that money, and he didn’t care. All he cared about was that I had the money. Hell, I hadn’t even given the money any real thought with all that was going on, but it didn’t matter. Talon didn’t want a girl who didn’t need him financially. He was so used to being wrapped up in how he took care of his mother and sister that he didn’t know what to do with a girl who didn’t need that from him.
I was the only person on this bench who knew that Talon couldn’t be replaced with money.
“So, it’s my future now?” I asked. “It’s no longer our future?”
Talon stood up and looked down at me, not realizing how irreparable the pain he was causing was. “We never had a future, White,” he corrected. “Sooner or later, you were going to come into that money. You were always going to end up being just a waste of my time.”
I wrapped my arms around my stomach and doubled over on the bench at his words, feeling the blow for what it was.
His goodbye.
Not bothering to look at him, I jumped up and ran through the park towards safety.
Chapter 21
The strength that surprises us.
Kenzlee~
When I’d gotten home after Talon had ripped my heart out, Alexandria, my uncle, and my aunt had all assumed that I’d been a wreck over what had happened with my father, and I had let them believe that.
Even if I had wanted to confess about Talon, I’d been such an emotional mess that I wouldn’t have been able to get the words out to explain. How did you explain heartache? Only a person who had experience with heartbreak would understand. It hadn’t been until Uncle Allen and Aunt Sheri had given me some space that I had called Alexandria into my room and had confessed how Talon had dumped me at the park. She had ranted and raved and had wanted his balls on a platter, but I had convinced her indifference would be much better than prison time.
However, it had been the phone call last night from the attorney that had really turned my life upside down again. He had called to tell me that he’d forgotten to inform me that my tuition at Madison Prep had already been paid up through the year. I was free to go back if I wanted to, and I had spent all night with my mind going back and forth between mourning my father, worrying about my future, and feeling shattered over Talon.
Now, it was our ten-minute break time between second and third period, and Alex and I were milling around her locker. My uncle had suggested that I stay home and just write off this week, but I couldn’t do it. As heartbroken as I was, I wasn’t going to fail at this. I wasn’t going to let this boy get away with knocking me down when nothing else had been able to thus far. I had survived the death of my brother, the disruption of everything that I’d ever known, and the suicide of my father. There was no way that I was going to let Talon Draven be the thing that I couldn’t come back from. I was at school today because Kaden would always tell me, “Cry in private and flip them off in public, Kenz.”
So, that’s what I was doing. I was flipping them all off.
“Have you heard from your mom since your fight?”
I shook my head. “No,” I admitted. “The last text message I got was right before boarding the plane back, and it was just to tell me that I’d be sorry.”
Alex snorted. “I’m sorry Kenz, but what a bitch.”
I couldn’t argue with her there. “Money does things to people, Alex,” I said lamely.
“What about Madison Prep?” she asked. “Are you thinking of going back?”
I grinned at her. “Awe, Alexandria,” I teased, “does that mean you’ll miss me if I do?”
She laughed as she flipped me off. “Of course, I’m going to miss you,” she admitted dramatically. “I like having you here. You’ve always been one of my favorite cousins, and while I have other friends, having you here has been awesome, Kenz.”
I cocked my head at her. “You have other friends?”
She shook her head at me. “You’re a jerk,” she teased. “Yes, I have other friends when I’m not being kidnapped by the Finley brothers.”
The mention of Lars and Hunter caused a pang in my chest, but I wasn’t going to become a victim to it. “You never know, Alex, we can end up at the same college,” I said hopefully. I mean, I knew that the odds were slim, but it’d be great to have Alex with me in my next adventure. As it stood, it felt like she was all that I had in the world. Of course, Uncle Allen and Aunt Sheri would be there, but the next phase of my life was going to be entered alone, as an adult, not as their lost niece.
“I’ve only been gone from Madison Prep a month or so,” I said, returning to the topic of school. “It’s really a question of where I’d live and…and if I’d even fit in anymore. Everyone would know about my dad, and I’m not sure if I’d want to deal with the looks and whispers.” I let out a pathetic chuckle. “At least, at Lakeside, the looks and whispers have died down.”
Alex was quiet for a minute before asking, “What about Talon?” However, before I could answer, she grabbed my arms, jumped up and down, and smiled at me like she just learned the secrets of the Universe. “Oh, I got it!” she squealed. “Why didn’t we think of this before?”
Well, she had me curious.
And baffled.
“Think of what?”
“You can do independent study, Kenz,” she suggested. “There’s nothing preventing you from going onto independent study and finishing school off campus. You’re a legal adult, and now that you have enough money to support yourself, what’s stopping you?”
I laughed at her eagerness. “Nothing, except that we hadn’t thought about it until now.”
Independent study could work.
The first warning bell rang, and Alex and I started walking down the hallway together until we would have to part ways. So far, I’d managed not to run into Talon, Edie, or the Finley brothers, but I knew that Alex had third period with Lars and Hunter, so I was going to leave her earlier than I usually did. As hard as I was trying to be brave, I still wasn’t a glutton for punishment.
“Of course, going back to Madison Prep would be ideal, don’t you think?” Alex prattled off next to me. “I mean, your tuition has been paid for since the beginning of the year, so it’s like a waste of money if you don’t go back. And since it is Madison Prep, I imagine the waste is quite high.”
“There is that,” I agreed.
“And I bet Madison Prep has a better college placing program than your average public school like, say, Lakeside,” she chuckled.
“Going back to Madison is probably the better choice for me right now,” I agreed, but independent study felt more…attainable. By going on independent study, I’d have more time for vetting schools and looking for places to live.
The attorney had explained that I had immediate access to the money and could purchase whatever I wanted. At the time, I hadn’t cared about making purchases or spending the money, but as I rode to school with Alex this morning, I realized that a car was probably the first thing I needed to buy. However, I needed to be smart about my purchases. Two-million and some change was a lot of money, but it wasn’t limitless.
As if reading my mind, Alex asked, “What’s the first thing you’re going to buy?”
We stopped at the crossways that would take me to third period, and her to the opposite end to her third period class as I answered, “I need a car, Alex. Nothing fancy, but something to get me around, so I can handle everything that’s going on, and not be an inco-”
“The last thing you are is an inconvenience, Kenz,” she said, interrupting me. “It’s not like I have some super fancy life that you’re interrupting.”
I smiled, and I wanted to tell her how thankful I was for her, but we didn’t have that kind of time. The second warning bell just went off. So, instead, I said, “See you at lunch super fancy girl.”

~

Talon~
Last night had been brutal.
Giving Kenzlee her out to go live the life she deserved had been fucking brutal but necessary. I had meant what I had said about not competing with her money, even though it had killed me to say it.
When I had seen her sitting on the park bench, I had almost backed out of my planned speech. I had almost said fuck it and forced her to be with me. However, in the end, I couldn’t do it. Even when she had thrown herself in my arms, I’d known that I wouldn’t be able to keep her. I’d known that I wouldn’t be able to keep her, so I had held on to her as tightly and for as long as I could.
I also hadn’t meant to deliver my words so harshly. Still, that hadn’t taken away from their truth. I loved Kenzlee, but I could never be that guy. While I had no issues with stay-at-home dads, I couldn’t be one of them. I couldn’t stand back and watch my wife buy our house, our cars, our life. I couldn’t stand back and know that my wife’s wallet was paying for our family trips or the children’s sports costs. I knew myself well enough to know that every time that Kenzlee would buy something for herself that I couldn’t afford to get her, I’d die a little inside.
No way would I become a miserable, resentful old man like my father.
I also wasn’t going to turn Kenzlee’s life into a miserable circus because I had insecurity issues. The only way that I could live with her money was if she never touched it and left it to our kids, and how fair would that be to her? Her father left her money, so that she could live a comfortable life, and she’d have to give that up just to be with me under my conditions. She’d have to give that comfort up just to appease my male ego.
I wasn’t strong enough for a girl like Kenzlee, and once she saw past the harshness of yesterday, she’d see that I had actually done her a favor.
The bell signaling the end of third period rang, and even after spending every minute of gym class pushing weights, I still didn’t know if I’d be able to handle seeing Kenzlee during fourth. A part of me really wanted to pussy out and skip, but in order for her to believe me and move on with her life, she had to see me at my worst, and my worst was pretending not to give a fuck.
Coming out of the gym, I ran into Lars, and it looked like he was waiting on me. “Hey, what’s up?”
He fell in step with me, then we headed towards our lockers. “How over Kenzlee are you, Tal?”
My entire body froze ice cold, and the rage was suffocating. I turned towards one of my best friends in the entire world and snarled, “I swear to God, if you go near her, Lar-”
“Whoa, whoooaaa,” he rushed out, his hands up in a surrendering fashion. “Calm the fuck down, dude.” Then his brows furrowed, and he went from surprised to pissed off in seconds. “And fuck you for even thinking that I’d do some ratchet ass shit like that.”
I stepped back and took a deep breath. When Kenzlee had run out of the park yesterday, I had gone over to Lars and Hunter’s house and had told them what had happened. They had both agreed that I was stupid, but they also hadn’t been blind to the valid points that I’d been making about Kenzlee and her new future. They also hadn’t been blind to how torn up I was about having to make that decision for both of us.
“Sorry, man,” I mumbled, running my hands through my hair. “I’m…sorry. I’m just still…fucked-up over everything.” I wasn’t too proud to admit my feelings to Lars. We’d been through too much for me to be embarrassed in front of the guy. Hunter, too.
“I’m just asking because…well, they didn’t see me, but I was walking behind her and Alexandria on my way to third period, and I overheard them talking.”
Great.
This was probably the part where he was going to tell me that she already had a new boyfriend. “And?”
“They were talking about her going back to Madison Prep,” he revealed, not realizing the fissure cracking my chest open. I gave him a tight nod to let him know that I’d heard him, then turned to continue walking to class. “That doesn’t bother you?”
I snorted. “Lars, at this point, I’d rather her go back to Madison Prep. There, I don’t have to see her every day or see her with another guy. Here, I have to see her every day and just wait for the day that I have to murder a motherfucker for asking her out.”
“Good point,” he mumbled, chewing on his bottom lip. After a few steps of silence, he said, “Talon, it’s only money, man. It’s just money.”
I looked over at him and wished that he could understand, but like me, he and Hunter had never had girlfriends before. They’d had hookups, but no one they really cared about. “It’s not about the money, Lars,” I corrected. “It’s about her happiness. Kenzlee shouldn’t have to…struggle in life when she has over two-million dollars to her name. And she would struggle if she stayed with me. Dude, she’ll never have diamonds with me.”
Lars scowled at me, and as he walked off, mumbled, “Maybe she doesn’t want diamonds, Tal. If she did, don’t you think that she’d have them already. I mean, her family was filthy rich.”
I didn’t reply because Lars’ back was already facing me as he delivered that little speck of wisdom, so I headed towards fourth period, praying that I wouldn’t lose my mind in the next forty minutes.
When I finally reached fourth period, I couldn’t believe what I’d been reduced to. I was standing outside the door, steeling myself to face a slip of a girl who had turned my world around in a matter of weeks. I had to actually take a deep breath and will myself to open the fucking door, and when I did, it was as if the air in the entire room had been sucked out.
Kenzlee was sitting in the same spot that she always was, and I recognized it for the dare that it was. She was daring me to sit next to her. She was daring me to face her after what I’d done to her.
The worst part about it?
She was a better actor than I was.
I walked into class as she was leaning to the side, letting Linda Hernandez show her something on her phone. I wanted to act unaffected, the same as her, but I couldn’t tear my eyes off her as I walked down the aisle to my desk. Kenzlee reached for her phone as I sat down, and she showed it to Linda. They were sharing apps or looking at social media like every other girl all over the world, and Kenzlee looked positively okay.
Mrs. Thompkins called the class to order, and Kenzlee treated me like a ghost as she opened her book and faced the front of the room, eager for whatever Mrs. Thompkins was going to teach us today.
I thought back to what Lars had told me about her going back to Madison Prep, and I prayed that she would. Seeing her today, no matter what poison I might have spewed yesterday, I knew that I wasn’t going to win this battle of the wills.
I thought that I was strong enough to walk away from Kenzlee and her money, but sitting here next to her, knowing that I no longer had the right to touch her, was killing me.
It was fucking killing me.
Yesterday had been full of nothing but good intentions.
Today, those good intentions no longer existed.
Chapter 22
The fear that tricks us.
Talon~
I had an hour before I had to get to the fights. I was scheduled to fight at nine, and with dinner done and Edie set for the night, I would be able to leave soon.
I was in my room packing my bag when the door opened, and Edie walked in. I didn’t say anything as she sat on the bed. I knew that she was in here to either bitch to me about the fight or ask me about Kenzlee. It didn’t matter either way. I didn’t really feel like talking about either subject.
“Talon?”
I stopped stuffing my clothes in my bag and closed my eyes for some patience. “Edie, not now,” I begged. “Please, don’t do this now.”
“If not now, then when?” she snapped.
I turned towards my sister. “Never,” I snapped back. “How about never, Edie?”
“Talon-”
“No, Edie,” I barked. “I’ve been doing this for two years, and you’ve been fighting with me about this for two years. What is it going to take for you to realize that you cannot change my mind about this?”
“You’re my brother, Talon,” she cried. “I’ll never stop fighting for you to do the right, safe thing.”
“This is the right thing,” I argued. “Sending you to college and getting you out of this…this rut is the right and safe thing to do.”
“Not at the expense of your safety!” she yelled. “I’d rather have you whole, happy, and healthy than have a freakin’ college degree!”
God, this argument was old. Too old for us to keep having it, especially now that I’d made up my mind to schedule more fights. “Well, you’re going to have to get over it, Edie,” I told her. “I’ve scheduled more fights, so…you’re just going to have to deal with it.”
She let out a painful gasp. “Why, Talon?” she whimpered. “Why on earth would you schedule more fights?”
“Because we need the money to-”
“I’ll get a part-time job or something,” she cried out. “I’ll start babysitting or-”
I couldn’t do this with her now. “I need the extra money, Edie!” I roared. “I need the money if…if…”
Her eyes, the same as mine and Mom’s, widened. “If what, Talon?”
Fuck.
I took a deep breath and cracked my neck side-to-side. I felt sorry for the bastard who had to face me later because I was feeling a million different ways of unhinged.
I looked back at my sister and told her the truth. “I can’t pay for your college and Mom’s house with what I have saved up now, and still be able to afford Kenzlee.”
Edie’s head reared back, and she looked dumbstruck. After a few seconds, she asked, “What the hell do you mean, ‘and still be able to afford Kenzlee’?”
I dropped on the bed next to my sister, and I told her everything that had transpired the past few days. I told her about Kenzlee’s father, Kenzlee’s inheritance, and about breaking up with her yesterday. I also told her about changing my mind in fourth period and skipping seventh because I had been at my wit’s end by the time fourth period had ended, freeing me from Kenzlee’s presence.
Edie placed a delicate hand on my knee and whispered, “Talon, your letting Dad’s…resentment cloud your image of what Kenzlee really needs.”
I looked over at my sister and hated the hope that her words were giving me. “What do you mean?”
“Talon, since Kenzlee’s moved here, have you ever heard her-once-mention how she missed being rich or wished that she had money again? Have you ever heard her talk down to us or…do anything that would suggest that money mattered more to her than you did?” I shook my head and hated that she was right. “Dad was a piece of crap, Talon. And even if he had money, he would still be a piece of crap. His issue is his low self-esteem, not his lack of money. Mom never resented his regular job and her regular lifestyle. All she ever wanted was for her husband to love her more than he loved money, status, and his self-image.”
“I know that, Edie,” I replied because I did know that.
“Kenzlee’s wasn’t looking for a rich guy when she came here, Talon. She was just looking for somewhere to belong when the place that she thought she belonged to no longer existed,” she said. “She was looking for somewhere safe, not somewhere fancy.”
My stomached turned with how much I fucked this up. “I’m pretty sure that I’ve lost her, Edie.”
Edie gave me a tight nod, and if I wasn’t already sitting down, it would have knocked me on my ass. “You probably have,” she confirmed unsympathetically. “You probably have, and I’m sorry for that, Talon. However, more fights are not going to win her back.”
“I can’t back out of this one or the other two that I’ve already scheduled but…I can cut back to my normal number of fights after that,” I promised.
Edie threw her arms around me and the wetness on my chest was killing me. “I love you, Talon,” she wept. “I love you, and I’ll never, ever be able to repay what you’re risking for me. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry that you feel like you have to do this for me.”
I wrapped my arms around my sister and kissed the side of her head. “I love you, Edie. I love you more than my life. I don’t regret not one moment that I spent taking care of you, little sister. I don’t regret missing out on video games to read you Snow White. I don’t regret missing out on sports to make sure that you could join the ones that you wanted. I don’t regret a single fucking thing that I’ve ever sacrificed for you Edie because they weren’t sacrifices. All of it was just the way that I loved you. The way I still love you. You and Mom.”
Edie was sniffling in my shirt, but I still heard her all the same. “Then let Kenzlee decide if giving up her money is a sacrifice or if it’s just the way that she loves you, Tal.”
I pulled back from my sister and kissed her on her forehead. “I need to get going, Edie,” I told her. I had a fight to get to, and I still had a lot of confused frustrations to work out. “I love you.”
I stood up and went back to packing my bag as she replied, “I love you, too.” That’s all she said as she stood up and walked out of my bedroom.
The second that she shut the door, I sat back down and ran my hands through my hair. I meant everything that I’d said to Edie. I hated my father something fierce, but I had never resented having to help my Mom out or help take care of Edie, and what Edie didn’t realize was that she deserved everything that we had sacrificed for her. She was a good kid who deserved every opportunity that came her way. I just happened to be one of her opportunities.
The women in my life weren’t burdens, they were blessings.
Hopefully, I wasn’t too late to convince Kenzlee that she was the biggest one of them all.

~

Kenzlee~
I knew Talon had a fight tonight. I knew it because I couldn’t get away from it all day at school. Everyone had known something was up when we had ignored each other during fourth period, but the buzz had really started to get going when he hadn’t shown up for seventh. Since no one really knew me, no one had been brave enough to ask me what was going on.
The pathetic part of it all?
Had someone asked me, I wasn’t sure that I would have been able to voice the words out loud. Telling Alexandria was one thing because she wouldn’t judge me if I took Talon back tomorrow. However, voicing it out loud to a stranger was different. It made it…real.
Absolute.
Weak.
That word again.
I was weak where Talon was concerned. He had torn my heart out coldly and brutally, and I was still so in love with him that I didn’t want to say the words that would make our breakup real.
A small part of me still hoped that…that he hadn’t meant what he’d said. A small part of me hoped that he’d come to his senses and beg for forgiveness.
It was funny how many stages of heartbreak there were. First, you were devastated. Second, you were angry. Third, you were vengeful and clung to your pride for survival. After that, it was anybody’s guess. Eventually, though, you reached the shameful part of the process where you realize that you’d take him back if he would just apologize.
We always come to that point where you just want the love of your life back. The only difference was how long that feeling lasted and what was stronger? Your head or your heart.
For me, my heart was proving to be the stronger of the two because, here I was, at another underground makeshift arena, waiting on Talon’s fight.
I was here because I didn’t want anyone knowing that we had broken up. I was here because I was worried that something might happen to him. I was here because my love for him was stronger than my pride now that it no longer had hurt and anger backing it up.
I was here because I was weak.
Alexandria thought I was here because true loved always prevailed.
Alexandria needed to get her head examined.
The music roared through the speakers, and it was like déjà vu. Alex and I made our way to the edge of the ring, and people moved aside for us again. With no one knowing that Talon had dumped me, I was still given girlfriend privileges. I just hoped that Talon wasn’t callous enough to humiliate me in front of everyone. I prayed that he wasn’t, but I was willing to risk it anyway.
I wasn’t sure what it would take for Talon to push me away for good. However, right now, I was still unsure about us, and I couldn’t walk away when there was still hope. Granted, it was a small grain of hope only, but I’d noticed how he couldn’t stop looking at me in class today.
I had noticed.
Talon made his way into the ring, and the cheers rang out and the noise tripled in sound. Everyone was cheering and the excitement was contagious. The announcer made the introductions, and while Talon’s opponent looked to be a little bit bigger than he was, Talon seemed unconcerned. His eyes were trained on the guy, and he looked completely in the zone.
Or so I had thought.
Right before Talon went to meet his opponent in the middle of the ring for the customary good luck, his head turned, and he pierced me with those hypnotizing blue eyes of his. The connection lasted all of two seconds, but Talon knew that I was here now. I just didn’t know if he knew that I was here for him or not.
The bell rang, and I watched as this fight took on a completely different vibe. Talon’s last fight had been violent but swift. Talon had teased the guy for only a couple of minutes before putting him out.
This?
This fight was something else entirely.
I watched, completely stunned, as Talon let the guy hit him a couple of times; first a kidney shot, and then one to his chest. And when I said let him, I meant just that. Talon hadn’t blocked or ducked or anything. Something was off, and everyone in the abandoned underground car garage knew it.
When the guy finally nailed Talon in the face, I couldn’t stop my eyes from watering. However, just when I thought that Talon was going to let this guy beat him to a bloody pulp, Talon-the Talon that I’d first met in the school hallway-showed up. He had ducked a swing, and from there, it was all Talon.
I watched as Talon locked the guy up in his left arm and started wailing on him with his right fist, not stopping between head shots and body shots. Talon was holding this poor guy prisoner as he rained down hit, after hit, after hit on the guy.
Blood started flying everywhere, and the scene was becoming more brutal with each hit. I was certain that Talon was going to kill him, and I wasn’t the only one.
I watched as three guys-two of them being Lars and Hunter-jumped into the ring and pulled Talon off the guy. As soon as Talon unlocked his arm, the guy fell into a bloody heap on the mat, and the crowd went wild.
Lars, Hunter, and some guy that I didn’t know were all holding Talon back while the other guy’s friends-I presumed-were dragging him back and out of the ring.
“Oh, my God, Kenzlee,” Alex cried out, sounding as horrified as I felt. “I know that they have a doctor on site here, but…but you don’t think Talon killed him, do you?”
I shook my head. I didn’t know. I really didn’t know. “Alex…I…” I didn’t know what I was trying to say. Suddenly, I felt like I didn’t belong here. I felt like we needed to leave. I felt…unwelcomed. I felt like I had crossed a line being here after Talon had dumped me.
I felt scared.
“Alex, we need to go!” I yelled over the crowd. I grabbed her arm. “We need to go!”
Holding onto her arm, I turned and started pushing my way through the crowd with Alexandria behind me. It wasn’t until I lost my grip on her arm that I was forced to stop. I turned around, then reached for her again, when I was brought up short. Hunter Finley had Alexandria in his hold, and while she was struggling against him, he wasn’t letting up.
I raced towards her to help her, but my heroics came to a screeching halt when a hand latched onto my arm and yanked me roughly away from Alexandria. “Alex!”
“Kenzlee!” she shouted, but it was no use. She was being kidnapped again, and I knew from experience that there was no way that I could escape Talon’s hold. If there was anything that I did know, it was that I couldn’t escape Talon unless he freed me.
Too bad my heart didn’t want to be free of him.
Chapter 23
The hope that saves us.
Kenzlee~
Talon dragged me through the crowd until we came upon an old maintenance room. Because the garage was abandoned and unused, the only light coming through the room was from a window aligned near the ceiling. I wasn’t going to lie. The place looked like a serial killer’s ideal lair.
“What the fuck are you doing here, Kenzlee?” Talon snapped, and whatever was left of my heart began to crumble.
I’d been right; he didn’t want me here.
I was unwelcomed.
“Tal-”
“You can’t come here without telling me, White,” he continued, surprising me. “It gets crazy, and you can’t be out there without Lars and Hunter or one of them. You or Alex could get hurt.”
“You would care if I got hurt?” I blurted the question out because I hadn’t expected him to admit to caring about me in any capacity after what happened at the park.
He looked like my question had caused him physical pain. “Kenzlee…”
The tears started, but I was beyond what my pride was demanding of me. I wanted Talon to love me more than I wanted millions of dollars, and I didn’t care if that made me the biggest fool on the planet. I could live with being a fool. I could live with being labeled a fool who had done everything that she could to save a love that I knew I wasn’t going to get from anyone else. What I couldn’t live with was the doubt and cold pride for the rest of my life.
Talon might tell me to get lost, but at least I’d be able to walk away without any regrets that I wished I had tried harder.
“Talon, I know you…you don’t want me anymore, but-”
“Kenzlee,” he groaned right before his hands captured my face, and he slammed his lips down on mine.
My knees gave out on me.
My knees weakened, but Talon’s arm came around me. With one hand cupping my face and his other arm wrapped around me, holding me to him, he kissed me like he was drowning, and I was his only chance at air.
He only pulled away long enough to chant, “I’m sorry, baby. I’m so sorry.” I was sobbing in his arms, but that wasn’t stopping his kisses or his confessions of regret. “I’m sorry, White. I’m so fucking sorry.”
Weak.
Talon made me weak.
Or maybe it was strong.
Maybe he was making me strong enough to push past what would make my pride happy, and give in to what made my heart, soul, and mind happy. “I love you, Talon,” I blubbered between kisses. “I’m sorry if I-”
Talon stopped kissing me, and taking my face in his hands, his blue eyes stilled everything in me. His voice sounded rough and painful when he said, “You have nothing to be sorry about, Kenzlee. God, you have nothing to be sorry about, baby. This is me. This is all on me, and I will do whatever the fuck that I need to in order for you to forgive me. I will do anything.”
I looked into his beautiful eyes and bared my soul. “Tell me that I’m not…tell me that I’m not a waste of your time,” I sobbed. “Tell me that I’m not a waste…of your love. Just…Talon, tell me that I’m not a waste.” The last part was said on an agonizing whisper because that was my biggest fear. Without Kaden in my life anymore, my existence was wasted on a world that could do without me.
Talon’s forehead dropped on mine, and his hold on my face tightened. “Kenzlee, I need you to do something for me, okay?” I nodded, willing to lay my soul at his feet. “I need you to love me enough to erase yesterday from your mind, baby. I need you to erase it from your mind because I didn’t mean a word of any of it.”
That buzz came back.
That connection was back, fighting its way through the pain, regret, and desperation. “Show me how much you missed me, Talon,” I pleaded, and I didn’t care that he was sweaty and had spatters of someone else’s blood on him. I needed him. I needed him to erase yesterday from my mind. I needed him to undo what only he could undo. He was the source of all my heartache, so he was the only person who could make it all go away.
I really thought that Talon would turn me around and just bend me over with his need to prove to me that he missed me, but he didn’t.
He grabbed my hand, then pulled me behind him until we were back among the crowd of bloodthirsty lunatics. However, instead of heading towards the spectators, he walked us towards the section of the garage where the fighters were all awaiting their matches, and that’s where I saw Alexandria, Lars, and Hunter.
Alex wrenched her arm out of Hunter’s hold and ran towards me. When she got to me, her arms latched onto my shoulders, and she looked me up and down. However, after getting a good look at my blubbering face, she asked, “Are you okay, Kenz?”
I nodded. “I’m fine,” I assured her. “I promise.”
She turned on Talon as Hunter and Lars came up behind her. She had her finger in Talon’s face, and she was losing her shit in spectacular fashion. “You fucking asshole!” she yelled. “You fucking asshole! You don’t deserve Kenzlee! She’s too good for you, and…and she can do better!”
“Alexan-”
She didn’t let Talon speak. She was on a roll, and no one was going to stop her. “Screw you, Talon Draven! Screw you, and I swear to God, if you ever break her heart again, I will disembowel you and put your head on a stake as a warning to men everywhere! You. Are. A. Fucking. Asshole!”
I stood there and watched Talon take everything that she was dishing out. When she finally took a breath, he asked, “Are you done?”
“Hell, no, I’m not done,” she snapped, and her finger went from Talon’s face towards the Finley brothers behind her. “If you ever order them to kidnap me again, I will kill every single one of you.”
Lars chuckled, and Hunter outright laughed behind her, but when she whirled around on them, they both threw their hands up in surrender and took a step back.
Alex was badass when she was losing her mind.
Talon nodded and said, “Okay. No more broken hearts and no more kidnapping. Is that all?”
She evil-eyed us all and said, “Somebody better take me home right now before I really lose it.”
Well, okay, then.

~

Talon~
After checking on Craig Simmons, the opponent that I’d fought, and finding out that there’d been more blood than actual damage, I had driven a very batshit crazy Alexandria Grant home, then had taken Kenzlee to my place. It was almost midnight, and I knew that Edie was already asleep, and that Mom wouldn’t be home for another couple of hours.
My original plan had been to sit Kenzlee down and explain all the reasons why I’d been such a dick, then beg for forgiveness. However, the second that I saw her standing in the middle of my bedroom again, all thoughts of talking vanished.
I stepped to her and took her face in my hands, and this time, I kissed her with all my promises for the future, instead of the regrets of yesterday. The kiss should have been passionate and loving, but Kenzlee was grappling to latch herself to any part of me that she could, and her desperation was breaking my fucking heart.
I had done this.
I had made her doubt her worth, and I was ready to do anything that she needs me to do in order to restore what I’d taken away from her. If that meant watching her buy a Mercedes, then let her drive me around in it, then that’s what I’d do. I’d do fucking anything.
I pulled back. “Baby…” Before I could tell her to slow down, that we had all night, she was dropping to her knees and reaching for my shorts. “Uh, no,” I said, stopping her.
Kenzlee looked up at me, and she looked heartbroken all over again. “You…you don’t want me to-”
I grabbed her by her shoulders and hauled her to her feet. “Oh, I want,” I corrected her. “I want a whole hell of a lot, White. But not like this. I need to shower first and-”
“Can I shower with you?”
Fuck, this girl was going to drive me crazy by the time that she was done with me. “If that’s what you want, White, but-” Kenzlee didn’t let me finish. She just turned her back on me, headed towards the bathroom, and I followed her like a pussy-whipped bastard.
Locking the door behind me, Kenzlee was already halfway to being undressed, and I literally couldn’t comprehend how I had managed to live these past few days without her. After tonight, I wasn’t sure how I was not going to move her in with me.
Since I was still only in my basketball shorts from the fight, seeing how it had been a choice between taking the time to change or getting Alexandria and her crazy ass home, all I had to do was push them down along with my boxer briefs, and I was naked.
Kenzlee was removing her bra as I stepped towards the shower and turned on the water. When I had adjusted it just right, I turned back to face Kenzlee, and she was standing before me completely naked, and I knew that I wanted her to walk around our house like that forever.
Or, at least, until we had kids.
I stood by the shower and waited on her as she walked towards me, that siren’s body of hers making me weak as fuck. She passed me, and when she entered the shower, she didn’t immediately stand underneath the spray.
Nope.
Kenzlee plastered herself against the tiled wall and waited. Since I was the one who needed to wash the sweat and blood off my body, she didn’t really care about taking a shower.
I entered the shower and let the spray do its job, but a proper shower could wait until later. My dick was at full mast, and my hands were desperate to get ahold of Kenzlee.
After I felt marginally cleaner, I planted my hands on the tile on either side of her head and loomed over her. “Tell me what you need, White,” I whispered against her temple. “Tell me what you want from me and it’s yours. Anything.”
Her hands reached out, and her fingertips danced across my abs. “I want you to love me,” she answered.
“I do love you,” I assured her.
“I want you to love me forever,” she clarified.
“Done,” I promised. “What else do you need from me?”
Kenzlee looked up into my eyes and was as honest as the day that she’d been born. “I need you to not be able to breathe without me.” Her eyes flickered back and forth between my eyes and my lips. “Like…like I can’t without you.”
If she only knew.
I grabbed her by the back of her thighs, and she automatically wrapped her legs around my waist, and pressing her up against the wall, I told her the truth. “I already can’t breathe when you’re gone, but I also can’t breathe when you’re with me, White. You own every breath that I take. Now, what else?”
Kenzlee’s arms were anchored around my neck, and she was rubbing her pretty, pink pussy up and down over my hard cock. “Oh, God, Talon…” she moaned as she started getting her clit off on my dick.
“What else, White?” She didn’t wait for me. With her right arm wound tightly around my neck, her left arm reached down, and grabbing my cock, she positioned it at the opening of her pussy and impaled herself on me. “Fuck,” I hissed.
“I need you to live inside me, Talon,” she begged, finally telling me everything that I wanted to hear. “I need you to live inside me every day.”
I grabbed her hips and pounded into her body so hard that her body kept crashing against the tiles on the wall. We were only teenagers, but what Kenzlee made me feel was bigger and older than either of us. The buzz that I felt when we touched, talked, and fucked was blind to age.
My love for Kenzlee was the real deal.
I was going to love this girl for the rest of my life.
“Harder, Talon,” she demanded. “I need…I need you to erase yesterday.”
Fuck.
I slammed into her viciously and relentlessly. I rammed into her until every muscle in my body was screaming. I brutalized her until she came all over me, and I didn’t stop, even after I had erupted inside her. I didn’t stop when we finally washed each other, and she dropped to her knees in the shower. I didn’t stop when I carried her to my bedroom and licked every part of her body. I didn’t stop when I came inside her for a third time, and she finally started begging me to stop.
I didn’t stop until I had my dick buried in her ass, cumming for the fourth time, and finally owning every part of her body. I spent all night showing her what she meant to me, and Kenzlee spent all night showing me what her complete surrender looked like.
When we were finally spent and ready to crash, Kenzlee’s warm body pressed up against mine was confirmation that she was everything that I would ever need in my life. The realization that I almost fucked this up hit me hard, and my chest caved with the sensation of knowing that I’d almost lost her.
Never again.
Chapter 24
The desperation that blinds us.
Talon~
I was in the kitchen making breakfast, and Mom was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee in her hand. Edie was off volunteering with a church group that set up a carnival for the local children once a month. It wasn’t anything fancy because it was a free event, but it was one of Edie’s favorite things to do, so she always got up at the ass-crack of dawn to go help out. Kenzlee was still asleep, so it was just me and Mom.
“So,” Mom chuckled around the lip of her mug.
“So,” I mimicked, my back to her as I mixed the pancake batter.
“Is she moving in?” Mom asked that question so casually that I almost believed that she’d be okay with that.
I laughed. “No, Mom. Kenzlee is not moving in,” I assured her. “She’s probably going to move into a mini-mansion with the millions that her father left her.” I turned around when I heard my mother sputtering and coughing. I ran over to her and patted her on the back to help calm her down.
After a few minutes, her face red, eyes watery, and chest heaving, she squeaked out, “Wh..what?”
I went back to preparing breakfast as I told my mom everything that had transpired with Kenzlee’s family. I told her about how they had lost everything, how they had shipped her to her Uncle Allen’s, how her father had killed himself, and how her mother was mad at her over the money that her father had left her. However, because I didn’t want to get my ass kicked, I left out the part where I had broken Kenzlee’s heart.
My mother would kill me if she knew.
I was pouring the pancake batter into a fresh-seal container when my mom asked, “How do you feel about that?”
I knew what she was asking. “I hate it,” I laughed. I shook my head. “I absolutely hate it, Mom.”
I heard her sigh. “I thought that might be the case,” she muttered.
I turned to face her, and crossing my arms over my chest, I cocked my head at her. “Do you blame me?”
She shook her head. “No, Talon, I don’t,” she replied. “You’re used to…being the man of the house. I can’t imagine how difficult it is to…adjust to being with someone who…”
I leaned forward. “Doesn’t need me?” I supplied.
“Who doesn’t need anyone monetarily,” she corrected. “But I’m sure that girl needs you, Talon. If she loves you, then she needs you.”
I dropped my hands and gripped the counter behind me. “I know that, Mom,” I told her because I did know that now. “I know that, but…I’ve spent all my life helping you and doing my best to provide a future for Edie. I don’t know how to…just step back, and…and have nothing I do matter or make a difference.”
“Oh, Talon,” she whispered. She stood up and walked over to me, and it still amazed me that this little sprite was a grown woman.
“I’m going to work my ass off every day in whatever job comes my way, and when that check comes, it’s not going to matter, Mom,” I said, trying to explain how emasculated Kenzlee’s money made me feel. “I’m not going to provide for anybody with my job. It’s going to be…my fucking hobby.”
“Talon, you’re not your father,” she said, echoing Edie’s statement. “You’ve already gone above and beyond in your life, proving that you are what a real man is supposed to be. You need to quit being scared that you’re going to turn out like Hawkley because, my beautiful boy, you are not.” There were tears in her eyes and it gutted me to see them. “And even if Kenzlee does go on to get a degree with her millions, and make a ton more money than you do, it’s not money that she needs from you. Money is not what any woman needs from any man, Talon. Kenzlee needs from you what she can’t buy with all that money she has. She needs you to love her and protect her, and that’s all, Talon. And, baby boy, you love and protect the women that you love better than anyone I know. That, I can guarantee.”
“I agree.”
My mom and I both jerked our heads towards Kenzlee’s voice. She was standing on the threshold between the living room and the kitchen, and it was obvious that she was close enough to have heard everything.
My mother smiled in her direction. “Kenzlee, honey, it’s good to see you again,” she said sweetly.
“Good morning, Mrs. Draven,” Kenzlee replied, grinning. “We keep meeting this way.”
“With you coming out of my son’s bedroom?” Kenzlee’s face flushed, and Mom laughed. “Yes, it seems we do.” She patted my chest and told Kenzlee, “I was just asking Talon if you were going to move in with us.”
Kenzlee really got embarrassed over that. “Uh…”
Mom laughed. “I’m just teasing you, honey.”
“You hungry?” I asked.
She nodded. “A bit. I have…I have to get going after I eat though. Uncle Allen called and said that my mother is demanding to speak with me.”
I gave her a tight nod. “Sit,” I ordered, then looked over at Mom. “You, too.”
They sat, and I made breakfast, then everyone ate, laughed, and pretended that Kenzlee hadn’t walked in on a very serious conversation between me and Mom.
It wasn’t until Mom had gotten up to go run some errands that Kenzlee brought up the conversation that she had walked in on. “Your mother was right, you know,” she said as she stood next to me, helping me wash the dishes. “I don’t care about the money, Talon. I’d rather be poor with you than rich without you.”
I turned towards her, grabbed her by her waist, then pulled her to me-wet hands and all. “Kenzlee, my insecurities are my problem,” I told her honestly. “Do whatever you want to with your money, baby. I just want you to be happy.”
Kenzlee wrapped her wet hands around my neck and asked, “Do you promise?”
Everyone was right about Kenzlee’s money; Edie, my mom, Lars…they were all right. Kenzlee’s never acted like a snob, or like she couldn’t survive without all the luxuries that she’d been used to. This was my issue, and my issue alone. “I promise, baby,” I reassured her. “I’ll…figure it out.”
She eyed me and looked for a reaction as she tested me out. “I want to buy a car first,” she said. “I’m going to need a car once I graduate, for sure.” I nodded but said nothing. “Then, as a thank you, I want to pay my uncle and aunt’s house off for them.” My brows shot up but, still, I said nothing. “They already have Alexandria’s college figured out, so…but that’s what I want to do first.”
I wisely kept my mouth shut and just leaned down and placed a kiss on her cheek. “Let’s finish the dishes, so I can drive you home, baby. The sooner you call your mother, the sooner I can see you again.”
She took the hint, and for the rest of the morning we steered away from the topic of money.

~

Kenzlee~
“Kenzlee, I’m so sorry, honey,” Uncle Allen murmured with his arms wrapped around my shoulders. “I’m so sorry.”
“Why is she like that?” I cried. “How can you be so…so normal, and she’s so horrible?”
“I don’t know, Kenz, sweetie,” he replied, sounding sad for me. “I really don’t know.”
When Talon had dropped me off, I had taken a shower and had met up with my uncle and aunt. I had wanted to talk to them about paying off their house before speaking with my mother. I had wanted them to know that I wanted to do this for them, regardless of what happened with my mom.
They had immediately refused the gift, but I had insisted. I might have even manipulated them a bit when I had told them that it was the only way that I’d feel comfortable continuing to stay with them. When they had finally relented, I had called my mother, and the conversation had been everything that I thought it would be.
It’s funny about disappointment. You saw it coming. You expected it, even. However, even after bracing yourself for it, you still couldn’t avoid the hurt feelings that came with it. I’d already known what the conversation with her was going to be centered around, but I was still hurt that she wanted my money more than she wanted a relationship with me. I wondered if we were always destined to want to matter to our parents. My mother and father had been neglectful of me and Kaden all our lives, but I still mourned my father when he’d died, and I still hurt that my mother cared more about money and status than she did me. She was at a point in her life where she’d lost her son, her husband, her money, and her status, but instead of salvaging a relationship with me since I was all that she had left, she just wanted the money that my father had left me.
It hurt.
It shouldn’t at this point, but it did.
My mother was the only member of my immediate family left, and all she wanted was the money that she felt that she deserved. She didn’t care about my future or my happiness at all. The sad part of it all? Even though it was close to three-million dollars, with the way my mother spent money, she’d blow through it all in a month, if that.
No. If anyone should benefit from what my father had left me, it should be the people that were standing with me through all these hard times, and that was my uncle and his family.
“This is it, Uncle Allen,” I sniffled. “She’ll never forgive me for keeping this money from her. She’ll never…” I took a deep breath. “I’m pretty sure that I just lost my mother, only she’s not dead like my father and brother.”
Uncle Allen couldn’t say anything inspiring because he knew that it was true. He knew his sister well enough to know that she was going to hold a grudge over this money, and that there was no talking her into doing the right thing and quit being a money-grubbing socialite.
We stayed sitting on my bed with Uncle Allen’s arm around me while I absorbed the truth about my mother. After a while, Uncle Allen asked, “So, are you going to tell me about this Talon kid?” Last night, I had been honest with him about where I was going when we had dropped Alex off at home.
I couldn’t stop the smile on my face, but I guess that’s what Talon did for me; he made me smile. “What all has Alex told you?”
Uncle Allen let out a soft chuckle. “She told us enough to make us hope that you’re being responsible,” he huffed.
I leaned my shoulder into him, then rested my head on his shoulder. “I know that you might not believe me, Uncle Allen, but trust me, if Talon ever got me pregnant, he’d haul me off to the Justice of the Peace and get the job done right,” I laughed. Then I went on to tell him all about how Talon took care of his mother and sister. I told him about the fights, and about sending Edie to college. I told him almost everything that I could think of to make him see how moral Talon really was.
“He sounds like a decent guy, Kenz,” he murmured in my hair.
“He is, Uncle Allen,” I assured him. “Our only issue right now is that he’s not…uh, comfortable with the money that Dad left me. He thinks…I don’t know. He somehow thinks that he’s not doing his part in taking care of me if I don’t need to be taken care of financially.”
“Awe, honey,” he groaned. “I’m probably not the guy to talk to about this. To be completely honest, I’d probably have issues with it, too.”
“You men are so damn delicate, Uncle Allen,” I teased.
He let out a deep laugh. “Why, yes, Kenz. Yes, we are,” he agreed jokingly.
“It’s okay,” I replied. “I think it’ll work out.”
“Do you have any other plans besides buying a car and treating us like kings?”
I leaned back and looked at him. “I…I do,” I admitted. “But…it involves Talon’s family, and I’m not sure that he’ll be okay with it.”
Uncle Allen gave me a quick understanding nod. “Look, Kenzlee,” he said, “all you can do is share your wishes with him and take it from there. But, honey, if he says no, you have to respect that. While it’s your money, it’s his family.”
“I know that,” I replied. “I…I just…” I looked at my uncle, and the tears started forming. “I don’t feel right having the money when…I don’t feel right getting it the way I got it.”
Sympathy and understanding dawned across his features. “Kenzlee, you would have gotten that money, even if Donovan hadn’t done what he did. That money was always going to be yours. Don’t…try not to taint it with what he did.”
“But don’t you see?” I replied. “That’s what I’m trying to do. I want to do good with it. I want to take care of my family with it. I don’t want to waste it on shopping trips and expensive cars. And I sure as hell don’t want to give it to Mom.”
“Then maybe that’s how you need to explain it to Talon, Kenz,” he advised. “I’m not sure if it’ll help, but maybe if he can see that it’s not about him not being able to take care of you, but rather that you just want to be able to take care of the people that you love, he’ll feel more comfortable about it.”
“I love him, Uncle Allen,” I told him. “I love him, and the way that I feel right now, I’m pretty sure that he’s it for me.”
Uncle Allen smiled down at me. “Don’t do that, Kenz,” he said. “Don’t add ‘the way that I feel right now’ part. I’ve loved your Aunt Sheri since I first laid eyes on her, and I’m pretty sure that, had I met her when we were eighteen, instead of meeting her in college, I would have loved her the same. Don’t discount how you feel about Talon just because you’re afraid that people will judge you by your age.”
I threw my arms around my uncle, and I was pretty sure that I was strangling him with how grateful I was for him. “I love you, Uncle Allen,” I cried. “I love you and thank you for everything. Thank you for everything.”
His arms came around me, and he whispered fiercely, “I love you, too, kiddo. I love you so much, Kenz. Don’t ever forget that.”
“Thank you, Uncle Allen,” I whispered.
“Honey, you don’t ever have to thank me,” he promised.
Chapter 25
The reasons we forgive.
Kenzlee~
Talon was drawing lazy circles on my naked back, and I wanted to stay like this forever.
Alex had dropped me off at his house after dinner, and I’d had every intention of talking to him about the money. However, Edie had taken off for her second shift at the church carnival, so it had been just me and Talon, and there’d been no talking once he had shut the front door behind me.
“Explain to me why you won’t move in with me again?” he murmured, his lips against my hipbone.
“Because we’re still in high school, you live with your mother and sister, and no matter what your mom says, I’m not going to be the girl shacking up with her son in her house,” I reasoned.
“It’s not shacking up if we’re in love,” he retorted. “And we’re most definitely in love, White.”
I snorted into the pillow that was currently nestling my lazy head. “How about I make you a deal,” I joked. “I’ll move in with you if you let me pay for Edie’s college, so that you can use all the money that you saved to put yourself through college.”
Everything stopped.
The circles on my back, the kisses against my hip, even his breathing, all of it just stopped.
I closed my eyes, knowing that I ruined the moment. We’d been having a perfect moment in time, and I couldn’t just let things be. “Talon, I’m sor-” My words were cut short when Talon flipped me onto my back and climbed up over me. “Talon?”
He was braced on his elbows, and his hands were brushing my hair back out of my face. He looked so serious that it was hard to believe he was only eighteen-years-old. “Do you mean that?”
This was it.
This was my chance to make him accept the money. This was my chance to…shit.
I couldn’t.
I couldn’t start our future on blackmail and coercion.
I shook my head. “No,” I whispered. “I…I do want to pay for Edie’s college, so that you can use all the money that you saved to finally do something for yourself, but…but I’m not going to…bribe you or blackmail you into accepting my wishes, Talon.” I could feel my eyes glossing over, but I didn’t mind. I wasn’t scared to be vulnerable with Talon anymore. “I…I’m going to buy a car and pay off my uncle’s house, but…”
“What, baby?”
“The fight with my mom was awful, Talon,” I started to explain. “She wants the money so badly that she’s willing to sever all ties with me in order to strongarm me into giving in.”
His face softened. “I’m sorry, White.”
“I don’t want her getting any of it, Talon,” I went on. “I…I want to spend it on the people that I love. The people who I know will appreciate it, and…and do good with it, you know.” He gave me a small nod. “I know my uncle and aunt are going to be grateful every month when they have a free check that they can enjoy, one that no longer has to go towards the mortgage, and that’s what I want.”
“Kenz-”
“No,” I said, stopping him. “Please, let me finish, Talon.” He brushed a kiss across my cheek and let me continue. “I know if…you let me pay for Edie’s college, she’d be grateful on two accounts. She’d be grateful not to have to worry about school anymore, and she’d be happy that you no longer had to fight. She’d be super grateful for the money, and…and…”
Talon groaned, “You’re making me feel like a real insecure jerk here, baby.”
I gave him a small smile because I knew that he was trying to lighten the heaviness of my emotions right now. “I’m sorry, Talon. That’s not what I’m trying to do. I’m just trying to explain what I want to do with the money.”
“What do you want to do with the money?” he whispered.
“I want to buy a car, pay off my uncle and aunt’s house, send Edie to college, p…pay your…uh, mom’s house off, pay for my college, and then…”
“And then…?” he prompted, his voice a low, rough whisper, and I knew that I was losing him.
“I was hoping…I wanted to set aside a little for like a down payment on a house or something for after we graduated from college, and then…set the rest of it up in a trust for our kids. You know, like…they can, I don’t know, access it when they’re thirty…and…” I trailed off.
I felt like a goddamn fool.
“And what?” he growled, and my chest panged with regret.
“And that way we…we could keep the money, but you could still take care of me,” I finished lamely.
“Baby,” he whispered, and suddenly, his hips were pushing my thighs apart, and before I knew it, he was seated deep inside me again.
I threw my head back, and I couldn’t stop the moan that escaped from deep inside me. “Talon…”
“I love you, White,” he grunted, his voice a deep rumble. “I love you, baby.”
I wanted to say the words back, but I couldn’t think past Talon’s thrusts into my body. He was robbing me of all thoughts, and besides, he knew that I loved him. I didn’t need to tell him right this second. All I could get out was, “Oh, God…”
Then Talon really turned me into an emotional mess when he grunted, “Anything you want, Kenzlee.” His voice sounded strained and husky. “We’ll do whatever you want.” I pushed at Talon’s chest, and he immediately stopped. “What’s wro-”
I sat up, forcing him to pull back, and this time, it was my turned to show him how much I loved him. I rolled over until Talon had to fall onto his back, and I straddled his hips, making sure to slide over him until he was seated inside me again.
His hands latched onto my hips. “Fuck, Kenz,” he hissed.
I leaned over him, and I met his eyes as he fucked me from underneath, and I rode him from above. “I love you, Talon,” I moaned as he kept hitting that sweet secret spot over and over again. “I love you.”
We didn’t need to say it anymore. We just both held on as we took each other to the edge of indescribable pleasure and satisfaction. We rode each other to ecstasy, and it was enough to make me take moving in with him seriously. It was enough to make me feel reckless and irresponsible. This feeling, right here, was why teenage kids ran away together. It’s what they ruin their futures for. Nothing matched the high that being in love gave you.
Nothing.
I dropped on Talon’s chest weightlessly, and I could feel his heart playing a tattooed beat in my ear, and it sounded comforting and soothing.
It sounded like forever.

~

Talon~
Kenzlee laid on top of me, and I couldn’t have stopped the words, even if I had tried. “Marry me,” I whispered against the top of her head.
Her entire body stilled, but she didn’t cower away from the question. “Talon, we’re…we’re still in high school,” she reasoned. “We…you live with your mom. I live with my uncle and aunt. We can’t…how can we be married and live apart?”
I ran my hand up and down her back. My dick was softening, but I still stayed lodged inside her, not wanting to move from this spot ever. I thought about everything she’d said, and even I couldn’t argue with her compromise.
Kenzlee wanted to take care of the people that she loved, and I was just lucky enough that she counted my family in that small circle of hers. She didn’t want to throw bills around like she was at a strip club. No. She just wanted to make everyone’s lives a little easier. I couldn’t hold that against her any longer. I couldn’t taint the good that she wanted to do with the baggage my father had saddled me with.
“How about a compromise?” I suggested because, while she was too noble to blackmail me into accepting her money, I didn’t have a noble bone in my body.
Kenzlee plopped her chin on my chest and looked up at me. “What kind of compromise?”
I smirked. “The kind where I let you do whatever you want with your money as long as you marry me,” I told her honestly, laying it all on the line.
Her light brown eyes searched my blue ones, and I could tell the second that she was going to call my bluff.
Or, at least, what she thought was a bluff.
It wasn’t.
“So…if I marry you, I can…can pay Edie’s college, pay off your mother’s house, put a down payment on a house for us, then put the rest of the money in a trust for our kids, and you won’t say a word?” she asked skeptically.
“As long as I pay for my own college, I make the house payments, and pay all the bills,” I amended.
She popped up and stink-eyed me. “And what about the money that I’m going to make from working? What happens to that if you’re paying all the bills?”
I probably shouldn’t have chuckled at her women’s lib outrage, but it was cute. “I figure since all my money will be tied in the house, bills, and cars, then you’ll need to finance whatever your children are going to get into as they come into existence.”
She slapped at my chest. “You’re a dick, Talon,” she mumbled, but there was no heat behind it. She knew that I was teasing her.
“I know, baby,” I agreed. “I know.”
“How would this work?” she asked, curious and weakening.
“How the hell would I know?” I huffed. “I’ve never been married before.”
Kenzlee sat up. “You are an asshole, Talon Draven,” she huffed, and moved to scurry off the bed.
I reached for her, then wrestled her until she was positioned underneath me again. “Awe, baby, don’t be mad,” I laughed, aggravating the shit out of her.
“I’m dumping you,” she declared. “I am so dumping your sorry ass, and…and…”
I nuzzled my nose against her cheek. “No, you’re not, White,” I insisted. “You’re going to agree to marry me after I meet your uncle and do this right. We’ll be engaged until we graduate, and then we’ll get married before we head off to college.”
“What if we go to diff-”
I reared back to look down at her. “That’s not going to happen,” I stated. “We go to the same school. That’s my only condition in all of this, White.”
She arched a brow. “The only condition?”
I grimaced a bit and gave her that. “Okay, an additional condition,” I conceded.
Kenzlee reached up and started playing with the wild strands of my hair. She was studying my features as if realizing that mine was the face that she was going to be looking into for the rest of her life, and being only teenagers, that was a long fucking time.
“This is crazy,” she whispered. “We hardly know each other, Talon. We…it hasn’t even been a month, and we’re here talking about marriage, and…it’s crazy.”
I nodded because the girl was right. This shit was crazy. We were only eighteen and had an entire world of opportunities to experience in the years to come. Teenage relationships very rarely lasted through the adult years because real life was a constant slap in the face as you grew up and tackled new obstacles; everyone knew this.
Still, looking down at this beautiful girl, I also recognized that, while I was only eighteen, I’d already lived for eighteen years, and in all those years, I’d never felt anything close to what I had felt when she had bumped into me that day in the hallway.
I’d been with plenty of girls, and I’d met tons of people around the fight scene, but no one had ever pulled at me the way Kenzlee had and still did. Also, as much as I didn’t like thinking about it, she’d had a boyfriend for two years who she had given her virginity to, and she had admitted that she’s felt more for me-in this one month-than she had ever felt for him in all the years that they’d been together. That meant something, and I wasn’t going to ignore the signs just because we were young; too young, by society’s standards.
“Do you love me?” I asked pointblank. “And I don’t mean love me like you have love for me. Do you love me? Are you in love with me the way I’m in love with you?”
She didn’t hesitate. “Yes,” she answered, sure and confident.
“Then say you’ll marry me, White,” I demanded. For some reason, this teasing yet serious conversation had lost all its mirth. I was really asking her to marry me because I really needed her to marry me.
Her light eyes and beautiful face lit up like she’d finally found the peace that she’d been seeking. “Okay, Talon,” she whispered. “I’ll marry you.”
I let out the deep breath that I hadn’t realized I’d been holding in. My dick started to harden again, and as soon as it was hard enough, I slid back inside Kenzlee’s body. She was giving me everything that I could ever want, and it was because she truly loved me more than she loved diamonds or that goddamn money.
My movements were slow and measured. “I’m going to take care of you, Kenzlee,” I promised. “No matter what career you choose, no matter what career I choose, no matter what happens, I will always take care of you.”
Her eyes watered, but she was exactly where I needed her to be in her heart and mind. “Snow White wouldn’t expect anything less from her Prince Charming,” she replied, making me fall in love with her all over again.
“No, she wouldn’t,” I agreed, then went on to show her just how good I would always take care of her.
Epilogue
The ending we all deserve.
Kenzlee – (Five Years Later)~
I sat at the kitchen table, head in my hands, wondering what the hell I was going to do.
I’d only been teaching for a year, but I hadn’t realized what a true calling it had been until the first time that little Katie Matthews had run up to me, wrapped her little arms around my legs, looked up, grinned at me with her checkered smiled, then lisped out, “I did it, Mrs. Draven! I spelled the word!”
The second that I had decided to go into teaching, I knew that I’d wanted to teach little minds. I wanted to experience the satisfaction of watching little ones learn the basics. There was so much joy in their innocent youth that it was contagious. Plus, I’d rather teach honest, innocent six-year-olds than know-it-all teenagers.
Now, while Talon and I had chosen to stay in Lakeside, Edie had taken her college degree from UC Berkley and had moved to Baltimore to attend John Hopkins. That girl was going to change the world, and Talon couldn’t be prouder of her if he tried. Alexandria had attended UCLA, where Talon and I had both gotten good enough grades to attend Stanford.
Also, much to Talon’s dismay, I had made him wait until our sophomore year in college before getting married. I had wanted at least one year of college under our belts, so that we’d know what to expect out of college life and the demands that it would place on us. We had lived together off campus during that time though, thanks to a little donation.
I’d also taken some of my money to pay for Hunter and Lars’ first years of college. Hunter had also gotten into UCLA. Then, the following year, after he had graduated, Lars had gotten into UC Berkley. I had offered to pay for all four years, but like the real men that they were, they had compromised on the help with their first year, then had worked their asses off to make the other three years happen.
Talon had kept fighting all through high school because that was the only way that he’d been able to afford school. Edie and I hadn’t liked it, but we’d also known that we couldn’t stop him. He had also kept true to his word. Talon hadn’t said a word when I had paid off my uncle’s house, his mom’s house, and had bought my little Nissan Maxima. He also hadn’t uttered a word as I had written checks out to Stanford, UCLA, and UC Berkley.
The only time that he had shown any displeasure had been when we’d gotten married, and I’d had set up the trust for our future children and our wills, should something happen to me. He hadn’t been happy with me leaving him any of the money, but the attorney had explained that, if I didn’t, my mother had action at the funds. Knowing how I felt about my mother, that’s all it had taken for Talon to agree.
Over the past five years, my mother had only contacted me a handful of times, and each time had been to get money out of me. I had finally blocked her indefinitely when she had accused me of tarnishing Kaden’s memory by taking care of everyone but her. She’d been sure that Kaden would have wanted me to make sure that she was okay. That had been the final straw, and I had cut ties with her completely after that.
One of the good things to come out of Talon’s illegal fighting career was that he had ended up with a career in social services. Wanting to make sure that kids had better options, he had delved into community social services, and he headed up many social programs for kids. His favorite, however, was the self-defense classes that he taught.
I heard the front door open, and you could hear the clonk of my head hitting the kitchen table echo throughout the house. I heard a soft chuckle behind me, then felt a kiss on the back of my head. “Rough day today?” Talon teased. “Did someone color outside the lines? Or was there a brawl over the crayons?”
I raised my head and narrowed my eyes at him. “Depends on how you feel about coloring outside the lines,” I retorted.
“I’m not coloring much these days,” he said, cocking his head at me, surely wondering where this conversation was going.
“Oh, you’re coloring lines these days, Talon,” I snorted. “Trust me.”
He leaned back against the counter and crossed his arms over his chest. “I’m pretty sure that I haven’t touched a coloring book in ages, White.”
“Yeah, well,” I threw the pregnancy stick at him, which he caught expertly, “that right there says you’ve managed to color two perfectly clear pink lines, Talon Draven.”
Talon stared down at the stick in his hand, and he was quiet for way too long. He finally looked up at me, and I was going to remember this moment for the rest of my life. “I hope that she’s no bigger than a pixie and has black hair with light brown eyes. I hope that her laugh sounds like music, and I hope that she always looks at me with all the love in the world shining in those eyes of hers.”
“Talon…” I choked out, tears already streaming down my face.
“And I hope to God that her momma gives me three more just like her,” he grinned.
I jumped up from the chair and ran into his embrace. His arms wrapped around me and held me like they always did. Talon always held me like he was afraid to let me go. “We’re pregnant, Talon,” I laughed into his chest.
I felt his chin on the top of my head as he nodded. “What we are is perfect, White,” he whispered.

The End.
Acknowledgments
The first acknowledgment will always be my husband. There aren’t enough words to express my gratitude for having this man in my life. There is a little bit of him in every hero I dream up, and I can’t thank God enough for bringing him into my life. Thirty years, and still going strong!

Second, there’s my family; my daughter, my son, my grandchildren, my sister, and my mother. Family is everything, and I have one of the best. They are truly the best cheerleaders I could ever ask for, and I never forget just how truly blessed I am to have them in my life.

And, of course, there’s Kamala. This woman is not only my beta and idea guinea pig, but she’s also one of my closest friends. She’s been with me from the beginning of this journey, and we’re going to ride this thing to the end. Kam’s the encouragement that sparked it all, folks.

And, finally, I’d like to thank everyone who’s purchased, read, reviewed, shared, and supported me and my writing. Thank you so much for helping make this dream a reality and a happy, fun one at that! I cannot say thank you enough.
About the Author
M.E. Clayton works full-time and writes as a hobby. She is an avid reader and, with much self-doubt, but more positive feedback and encouragement from her friends and family, she took a chance at writing, and the Seven Deadly Sins Series was born. Writing is a hobby she is now very passionate about. When she’s not working, writing, or reading, she is spending time with her family or friends. If you care to learn more, you can read about her by visiting the following:


Smashwords Interview 


Bookbub Author Page 


Goodreads Author Page 
Other Books

The Enemy Duet

The Seven Deadly Sins Series

The Enemy Series

Resurrecting the Enemy (Enemy Standalone)

The Enemy Next Generation (1) Series

The Enemy Next Generation (2) Series

The Buchanan Brothers Series

The How to: Modern-Day Woman’s Guide Series

The Heavier... Series

The Holy Trinity Series

The Vatican (Holy Trinity Standalone)

The Holy Trinity Duet

The Holy Trinity Next Generation (1) Series

The Holy Trinity Next Generation (2) Series

The Eastwood Series

The Blackstone Prep Academy Duet

The Problem Series

The Pieces Series

The Rýkr Duet

The Order of the Cronus

The Sports Quintet Series

The Storm Series

The Weight Series

Standalone
Unintentional
Purgatory, Inc.
My Big, Huge Mistake
An Unexpected Life
Real Shadows
You Again
Merry Christmas to Me
Dealing with the Devil
The Loudest Love
Kimmy & The World of Dating
