




The
Placebo
Effect
The Placebo Effect


By April Cronin

Copyright © 2017 April Cronin

ISBN-13:9781370970933 

Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical, or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the permission of the author.

Cover Photo by Adobe Stock





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.






Chapter 1

January 22nd

Closing the door and slipping the key into the lock, Olivia locked up her office, she was looking forward to the weekend ahead. It had been several weeks since she'd visited her brother at the family sandwich shop he now owned. Their parent’s having retired and making the subsequent move back to the Greek Isles after spending the past thirty-five years in America.
A visit was long overdue as far as she was concerned. Perhaps she'd even give him a hand and help out. She'd worked at the shop with her parents and her brother as a teenager, something like that you just didn't forget, it was like riding a bike. In fact, she found more often than not that when she chose to visit, she was usually wrangled into pitching in.
The shop stayed pretty busy, and she could always stay in the apartment above it if she were so inclined. Her brother's last tenants had moved out recently and as the shop was massively profitable, he'd decided to leave it vacant for when their parents chose to visit, which was usually three to four times a year. As much as they both loved their parents, Olivia and Amadeus agreed that having their folks stay with them for more than a day or two at a time was most inconvenient.
They were a pretty tight knit family, but Franklin and Eleanor could manage to get under your skin in a matter of minutes. Both Olivia and Amadeus were in their early thirties, and both were single. They were likewise tired of the constant badgering by their parents to settle down and get married. Frank and Ellie meant well of course and were dying for a couple of grandchildren, which was fine, but Olivia and Amadeus weren't quite ready for all that a family entailed.
Amadeus was working on expanding the sandwich shop, he wanted to build a location in Chicago, always longing to live and work in the city he adored. And since he'd only been managing the shop on his own for about a year now, it was no small task to expand.
Olivia, meanwhile, was too busy working her way up the corporate ladder to have any interest in shacking up and settling down. She'd been working for Seaward Staffing Services for almost twelve years now. Starting out at the tender age of eighteen as a secretary while she earned her MBA, Olivia had worked her ass off, recruiting new clients, and learning the business inside and out, finally earning herself a partnership in the company.
An agency that staffed several large cities in the area, to include Chicago and the surrounding areas, as well as Gary, Indiana, where they were located, and a few of its suburbs. They even had a small hub office in Indianapolis that Mr. Seaward visited once or twice a month. And though they didn't actually service Elkhart, where the family shop was, at least in the way of providing temp services, they did provide payroll services for many businesses in that area, including her brother's shop.
They had also recently expanded into New York, with talks to open agencies in Miami and Los Angeles within a few years as well. At which time Olivia might retain full control of their Gary/Chicago location; Mr. Seaward had an affinity for Florida and owned a condo near Miami already.
She was excited, thrilled even. Maybe once she took over the Gary/Chicago location, she'd oblige her parents and start looking for a husband.
But not just yet.
As she passed by the front desk, Olivia waved to the receptionist, who was packing up for the weekend herself. Alley was in her early twenties, and often times spent her weekends clubbing in the city. Olivia envied her sometimes. To be young and careless. Something she never was. Well, maybe she'd been younger once, but she was never careless, and continually strove for something better. Having once been a secretary for the company herself, she knew, about what Alley made, and it was more than enough to support herself in the type of lavish lifestyle she enjoyed, but Olivia had wanted more.
Alley waved politely, long past trying to convince Olivia to join her at the clubs anymore, and pulled her hair into a ponytail as she finished gathering up her stuff. By now, everyone in the company pretty much knew Olivia didn't socialize outside of work functions. At least not with anyone other than Mr. Seaward, and even then, the Seawards were like family to her. After being turned down countless times, Alley had given up.
She wasn't the first and probably wouldn't be the last however to try and include Olivia in social activities. But as a rule, Olivia tried to avoid fraternizing with her employees. She had the occasional meal with Mr. Seaward and his wife, which was expected even more since she'd become a partner, but after a particularly hard breakup and a vicious rumor concerning her and one of the previous managers, Olivia had decided long ago that it just wasn't worth it. After the old manager had been let go, and the rumors finally died down, Olivia had stopped being referred to as the office slut and was eventually dubbed the Ice Queen, and well, that was that.
Mr. Seaward's personal secretary was still in her office, and probably wouldn't leave for another hour yet, so Olivia didn't need to worry about waiting for Alley to leave, Louise would lock up on her way out. With an absent wave towards Alley, who was too busy shutting down her computer to notice, Olivia strode out of the building and into the parking garage just around the corner.

He watched her leave.
Her head held high, the blue-black of her inky hair glistening in the evening light, the gentle sway of her hips as she sashayed down the sidewalk, her pencil skirt shifting across her voluptuous behind. He nearly salivated as his gaze traveled down her backside to her long lean legs, her calves flexing under the pressure of walking in those five-inch spiked heels. God, she was amazing.
He wanted her.
By God, he would have her too. The snooty little bitch. Always looking down her nose at him. Ignoring him even. Didn't she know who he was? Didn't she realize her souls' yearning desire for him? Oh, they were a match, and he knew it. She might have been a little higher up in the pecking order than he, but they were equals. And he'd known from the moment he'd first laid eyes on her twelve years ago that she was made for him.
He could remember how young and vulnerable she'd been. How he'd helped her overcome her fears, taken her under his wing and shown her the way. Taught her things, like who she could trust, and who would use her shamelessly. And what had the bitch done? How had she shown him her gratitude? She'd gone and hooked up with that sleazeball manager of hers! Typical woman. Using her body to advance her career! If only it hadn't worked! If only Mr. Seaward hadn't rushed in and scooped her up for himself.
Maybe he would've had a chance then. But after the downfall, after Roderick had been fired, Olivia got promoted, and he was denied his regular access to her. He saw her in passing, perhaps sometimes on their lunch breaks, but with her office away from the main lobby, he'd hardly had any time to talk to her. And after a while, it seemed she had forgotten him altogether.
He could still remember it; the company picnic, walking up to her where she sat alone at one of the tables, pushing food around on her plate and looking simply despondent. Her full lips turned down in a pout, her eyes cast towards the ground, her forehead wrinkled in a pucker. And yet, she was so beautiful, she'd nearly taken his breath away.
“Olivia?” he said.
She looked up, her dark blue eyes searching his face, for what he wasn't sure. “I'm sorry, did you want something?” She had finally asked.
And his heart had sunk. His smile fell. Did he want something? What kind of question was that? Is that how you greeted a trusted friend? Had he not shown her the ropes? Had he not been her best friend for the first few months of her employment? How easily she had cast him aside once she'd dug her claws into Mr. Seaward. Oh, he knew what they all said about her. He knew how she was mocked, and called the company slut behind her back. He'd heard all the rumors. She was so much more than just Mr. Seaward's personal assistant. He knew it, everyone knew it.
Not only had she'd had a brief affair with her previous manager, oh no, now she was sleeping with the owner of the company! And probably his partner as well! Rumors were abounding as to just how far she'd slept her way up the ladder, and how much further she was willing to go.
“I'm, I'm sorry,” he'd stammered. “Excuse me,” he said before turning and walking away, too stunned, too pissed off to stand there and embarrass himself in front of her further.
He'd looked back at her a few minutes later. Watched as Mrs. Seaward approached her, and her face lit up, her lips curved, the dimples in her cheeks softening the hardness of her high cheekbones. Disgusting! How could she could she be so cold? Sleeping with the poor woman's husband, and yet smiling so sweetly to her face! He hated her then. Hated her with a passion so deep seeded that he'd wanted to kill her. Relished the thought even. Placing his hands around her throat and squeezing the life out of her. Watching as the light in her eyes faded.
His cock had twitched at the thought of it.
He thought about plunging into her as he did it. Spilling himself inside her while the very life was choked from her. Perhaps she'd even come while her earthly ties were severed. His groin throbbed, pulsing to life as he imagined being sheathed by her tight little cunt.
He shook his head, trying to rid himself of the horrible moment he had allowed the beast inside him to roam free. Even now, he was aroused. It had been years since that awful day in which his perfect angel had fallen from grace. The rumors of her adultery had long since faded. She was the Ice Queen now. So cold, so haughty, so utterly beautiful.
Olivia had certainly come into herself since first arriving on the company doorstep a fragile fawn, all lean and gangly like.  She was willowier now, but she'd certainly filled out in all the right places. An hourglass figure, tall, and exotic.
We were meant for each other my sweet. He thought to himself as he watched her disappear from view. Not that he didn't know where she was headed. He knew everything there was to know about Olivia Mozatis, after all.
The product of immigrant parents, Greek, the both of them. They opened a sandwich shop in Elkhart and then used their American-born son, Amadeus, as their anchor baby once their visa's expired. Olivia came along less than a year later. She worked in her parent’s shop until she was eighteen when she got a job with Seaward Staffing, the very company her parents used for payroll services. She was thirty now. Owned a house in Hobart. She had a cat she'd adopted a few years back but otherwise lived alone.
And other than the one unfortunate relationship with a former manager of Seaward Staffing, she hadn't been linked to anyone else in a long time. Sure there'd been talk around the company about her sleeping with this person or that, and for a time he had believed it, for a time, the beast within had convinced him it was true, but in his position, he was often privy to information that others weren't. And he quickly realized he'd been wrong all those years ago. It was just so hard to keep the beast within at bay sometimes. So he had believed it then.
Yes, Mr. Seaward had taken a personal interest in her, but only on a professional level. And yes, she often dined with the Seawards since being promoted last year to partner, but rarely was Mrs. Seaward absent from those meetings, and when she was, they dined publicly, and usually with clients. She was never alone with Mr. Seaward, or with any other man in the company for that matter. He knew these things; he'd been following her every move for the last few years now.
He knew her parents had moved back to Greece. He knew she visited her brother and stayed in an apartment above the shop he now owned at least once a month. He knew she constantly turned down offers from coworkers to hang out. And he knew she hadn't dated a man in more than six months.
She was waiting for him.
And the more he told himself that, the more he started to believe it. Because he remembered how sweet, young, ripe for the taking Olivia, had flirted with him in those early days. Shamelessly she teased him, day after day. He'd completely blocked out the fact of course, that she'd turned him down the one time he'd worked up the courage to ask her out. No, he didn't think about that now as he conjured up her sliding behind the wheel of her prissy little Mercedes.
He merely imagined what it was going to be like to finally make love to her. To feel her luscious, yet firm body writhing beneath him. Her long tan legs wrapped around his waist, pulling him into her further, burying him to the hilt, begging him to drive himself deeper, further, until their very souls touched.
She belonged to him. She had been created for him. And tonight they would mate. Tonight they would join their bodies, their souls, together.
Chapter 2



The moment she unlocked the door to her home, Spook, the fluffy little black and white cat she'd adopted a few years back came running towards her, winding between her legs and rubbing against her mercilessly while she purred emphatically. Olivia laughed, bending down to scoop the little ball of fluff into her arms and press her face into the softness of her fur. Spook was her best friend, a Godsend really. For without the needy and somewhat eccentric cat, Olivia would have been far too lonely.
When she had finally moved out of the apartment she'd shared with a friend from college, and bought her own place, she'd relished the independence, but as time wore on, she grew increasingly lonely. Donna, her college roommate suggested she get a pet. So she'd visited the local shelter thinking she'd get a dog. But realizing how unfair it would be to keep such an active and dependent creature locked up and alone all day while she was away at work, she'd headed in the direction of the cat room instead.
Cats didn't require as much attention. A little food and water, a clean litter box, and of course, affection on their terms. Hearing the shelter staff explain the benefits of choosing a cat rather than a dog in her situation, had made sense to her, and when she'd laid eyes on Spook, she'd fallen in love.
Spook with her long fur, and her big yellow eyes. Half of her face was black, and the rest of her white, except for a black tipped tail. And to top it off, she'd been born on Halloween. Yes, it was love at first sight for Olivia, and though Spook had been a little shy at first, she'd warmed up quickly, and had been Olivia's companion ever since. Anyone who said a cat wasn't affectionate had never met Spook before. She was as loving and needy as they came.
Just the way Olivia wanted it.
Olivia didn't have many friends. There was Donna, from college, but as she was married and had two children now, eventually moving to Chicago, Olivia saw her less and less these days. There was her brother, but other than the monthly visits she made, and the few times they talked over the phone, they were both just so busy. And she hadn't dared socialize with anyone at work, not since that fiasco with Roderick. She just couldn't risk it. But how else did one meet people?
She'd done the whole speed dating thing once, and she'd even gone on a couple of blind dates as well that she'd set up online, but Olivia just didn't have much interest in dating. There was so much going on at work, and so many things yet to come, she didn't have the time or the energy to properly devote to a relationship. No, Spook would have to do for now.
Pouring a little kitty chow into her bowl, Olivia set the yowling cat down in front of it and walked into her bedroom to shed her skirt and blouse. It was a scorcher out there today, unusual for January, but there you have it, and despite the AC in her house on full blast, her silk top still clung to her, and her thighs were slick with sweat as they rubbed together under the tight fabric of her skirt.

From his vantage point on top of the wall that bordered her property, he peered through his binoculars and watched the sensuous scene that unfolded in front of him. Perhaps he should have felt guilty for spying on her, maybe he should even be sick to his stomach at all the effort he'd put in over the years stalking her, but he'd grown accustomed to it. He the predator, and she the prey.
He never questioned his morals, never thought to seek help for his abnormal behavior. The beast inside him needed only reassurance before it would slip away into the depths of his blackened soul again. There was nothing wrong with tossing the beast a few scraps here and there. He'd only observed her up until this point. But he wasn't a voyeur by any means, she was his after all, and he was just trying to protect her virtue.
Not that he'd really had to over the years. Olivia didn't date much, and he knew she hadn't been intimate with anyone in a long time. He'd just bet she had a vibrator, though. Maybe they could play with it together. He could imagine lubing it up, and sliding it in and out of her tight sheath as she moaned, stroking him, and pleading with him to make her come.
They would do many things tonight. And he would have her begging him for more, which he would gladly give her. Over and over and over again. Just thinking about all the things they were going to do together had him all hot and bothered. But it wasn't time yet. He had a few things he needed to do first. For now, though, he was content to watch her undress. It was like she was stripping just for him, his own private little peep show.
She didn't feel the need for privacy, her curtains open just the right amount to let in the fading light, and the lamp on her bedside table made her practically glow. She slowly unbuttoned her white silk blouse, one button at a time, sliding it off her left shoulder and then the right as she pulled the tails out of her powder blue skirt. Tossing the blouse on the bed she reached for the zipper at the back of her skirt, he could almost imagine standing behind her, grasping the zipper in his own hands and sliding the material down her long lithe limbs.
The skirt pooled at her feet where she stepped out of it, still wearing her heels, and clad in what could only be called matching scraps of lace, the material of her bra and panties so insubstantial as they were, she was glorious. Her bronzed skin, her high breasts threatening to spill from her tiny pink bra, the round disks of her dark nipples just barely discernible in the fluorescent lighting. What he wouldn't give to be in that room with her right now.
Patience.
It was almost time. Ripping the binoculars away from his face, he jumped down from the wall, adjusted his slacks to loosen the pressure around his thickening groin and marched off in the direction of his truck. Olivia lived in the suburbs, the end of a dead end street that backed up to another neighborhood that was still in development.
It made things so much easier for him, especially since the back of her perimeter wall was up against a slope. It might keep certain animals from wandering onto her property, but it did nothing to deter a hunter like him. And with the right amount of tree coverage, he really did have the perfect vantage point, nearly undetectable, with an unobstructed view of her bedroom window to boot!
With his truck parked in the empty lot of what would eventually be her neighbor’s yard, a spot he'd scouted months ago when he decided to stop being a voyeur and take their relationship to the next level, he'd taken his time, sought out her habits, and planned his next move. He was tired of their idle water cooler chit chat and the stolen flirtations at closing time, tonight they would take the next step. Tonight they would cement their feelings for each other. Tonight, he would finally claim her as his!

After a long hot shower, Olivia slipped into her favorite nightgown, a bright red chemise that hung nearly to her ankles and felt luxuriously soft against her skin, and plopped down onto the couch where she and Spook curled up together to watch the latest episode of the Bachelor she'd DRV'd, reality TV being one of her favorite past times, that and a good book.
She thought about tomorrow, what time she would get up, what she might wear, and whether or not she would stay at her brother's shop. She enjoyed working at the shop with him, didn't mind getting her hands a little dirty, and he was short staffed more often than not. The shop, as it had been, was still a client of Seaward Staffing, they provided payroll services mostly, but from time to time, a temp was found through them as well. Nobody lasted very long there, though. Amadeus wasn't a tough boss by any means, but the work was rather demanding.
They were a very busy deli and did catering and delivery as well. Having worked there herself since she was a little girl, Olivia knew just how demanding the work really was. And while there were a few employees that had been there for a lengthy period of time, most of the part-timers came and went faster than the changing seasons.
Olivia wasn't sure if she felt like working this weekend. It had been a rough week at Seaward Staffing as it was. Trying to plan their upcoming expansion into Miami was no small order. And being as the Seawards were planning to move down there and manage it themselves, that left Olivia tasked with figuring out what came next for her own agency.
Her own agency. Gosh, it was nice to say that. While it would still be known as Seaward Staffing Services, and Mr. Seaward would still command a profit, as well as hold the final say in any decisions she may make, it would for all intents and purposes be her agency. She would run it. She would staff it. She would be in charge.
Lost in thoughts of what would be, what could be, Olivia was startled by the knock at the door. It wasn't necessarily late, but as she certainly hadn't been expecting anyone, it made her more nervous than curious about who had decided to call on her at this time of the evening on a Friday night. As she crept closer to the door, Spook took off for her usual hiding spot under the couch, her ears pinned back, as she glared at Olivia.
Olivia laughed, trying to calm her own nerves, “it's okay Spook, you silly kitty.” She said in what she thought was a soothing voice.
As she opened the door, though, Spook shot out from under the couch, streaking down the hallway, her fur on end, and a loud hiss erupting from her throat.

It was just the distraction he needed. That stupid cat freaking out and darting past caught Olivia's attention at just the right moment.
It was fate.
Carrying a large vase of flowers, and wearing a nondescript gray uniform along with a pair of shades and a wig, he had hoped to gain entrance under the guise of a delivery man. Olivia was his, there was no doubt about that, but he knew it would probably take a little coaxing to get her to comply. So as the cat distracted her, he pulled a small Taser from his pocket and shoved it against the smooth column of her throat.

Olivia gasped as the cold steel of the Taser pressed into the hollow of her neck. She couldn't see the man that stood before her, there was a large vase overstuffed with flowers between them, but as he walked into the house, closing the door behind him with his foot, she closed her eyes and began to pray silently. When he spoke, his words were low and harsh as he instructed her to head towards her bedroom, she didn't recognize his voice, though she thought she should have.
The sleeves of the uniform he wore were rolled up, and on his forearm was a tattoo of some sort of tribal symbol. Something she could swear she'd seen before. If only she could recall where! Olivia wasn't stupid by any means; she knew what was going to happen next. And she thought, she hoped, that perhaps if he let her live, afterward she might be able to somehow identify him or something. She tried to stay calm. Whatever it took to stay alive, that's what she'd do.
Once they got into the bedroom, where Spook could be heard hissing and yowling under the bed, he pushed her face down onto the mattress, holding the Taser against the back of her neck so she didn't try to look at him as he placed the flowers on the bedside table and straddled her on the mattress. She could feel the hardness of his shaft in the cleft of her buttocks, and swallowing the bile that rose in her throat she began to cry, hair getting caught in her mouth and forcing her to try and calm down as she gagged.
Her body shook with violent sobs as he applied a blindfold and flipped her over, securing her hands and feet to the bed railings. She tried desperately to stay calm, and when her nerves failed her, she started pleading, begging him not to hurt her.

As he stared down at her, lashed to the bed, and completely helpless, a smile bloomed across his face. She was even more beautiful than he'd ever thought possible. Her skin soft and bronze in the low light of the lamp, the outline of her breasts full and heavy under the thin fabric of her chemise, and despite the tears that tracked down her perfect face, despite her squeaky protests and pleas, he felt the weight of his groin against the fly of his trousers.
He ran a hand down the side of her face, and when she flinched, the beast inside him began to stir. It was bad enough he'd had to restrain her, and worse yet that she had started to cry. This wasn't how he'd imagined it. She'd been willing and pliant in all of his many fantasies. And yet, as she lay there, she tried to struggle against her restraints, pressing herself further into the mattress in an attempt to shrink away from him.
“Stop struggling and you might actually enjoy this Olivia,” he whispered in her ear before shoving his tongue deep into the warm canal, sucking at her earlobe, and causing her sobs to rack her body harder.
The beast was angry now. The bitch wouldn't stop crying. Hadn't he been gentle this whole time? Wasn't he kissing her, caressing her even in the way any woman might want to be touched? He tried to keep the beast at bay, he tried to tamp down the anger and the hatred her cries elicited, but as his hands began to knead her breasts and she jerked away from him, the beast fought to get loose.

He had called her by name! He even had the audacity to tell her she'd enjoy being raped! Try as she might, though, she didn't recognize his voice. He smelled of stale cigarettes and pepperoni, his skin was clammy against her own, and his voice a harsh whisper in her ear.
When he touched her, though, she became panicked. She was sickened by the feel of his hands on her, but her body seemed to react, her fear was an aphrodisiac, and surely it would only turn him on even more. Reacting to that fear, she tried to shy away from him, she bucked and struggled beneath him. Still, he kept touching her, gently, methodically even. It wasn't until she spit at him that he moved away from her.
Her relief, however, was short-lived. He cursed at her, and in the next instant his hand came down across her face. Olivia felt the sting of that slap for what seemed like an eternity before his weight pressed her into the mattress again, and his lips began to softly caress the side of her face where he had slapped her. She cried in earnest now. And she could feel him trembling against her, the steel of his arousal pressing into the hollow of her womanhood, his breath hot and rank on her neck as he whispered words he hoped would soothe her.
He was sorry he had to slap her, but she must not spit at him. She would enjoy this if only she would be still, he said. Please, he begged, just let him love her like she wanted him to. Like she wanted him to? Olivia had no idea who this madman was, but she certainly didn't want him to make love to her! There had to be a way to get him to stop this, but as she continued to try and struggle out of her restraints, as tears flowed down her face in a salty plea, she could tell she was only making him angrier. And she feared he would hit her again.

This wasn't at all as he had planned it, though his body responded, though he was more than ready to take her and claim her body as his own, he just wasn't into it mentally. He needed to find a way to make her stop. To make her understand. He tried teasing her body into submission, and he could feel the way she responded, even if involuntarily, if only she'd quit crying!
The beast had already hit her once, and he'd liked it. If she didn't quit crying, the beast might lash out again. And as a thought came to mind, it took root deep within him, maybe if she was unconscious he could enjoy this a little more. Sure, he'd like to have her cooperation, but if she wasn't capable of giving it to him, he might just have to force her into it.
Pressing the Taser into the softness of her flat belly, he leaned closer, whispered into her ear, “this is your last chance Olivia, if you can't stop crying, I'm going to be forced to use this. I don't want to hurt you, Olivia, I only want to love you.”
“Then let me go!” she cried, “I promise I won't tell anyone about this!”
He laughed, oh Olivia, sweet naive Olivia. She hadn't seen him to be able to tell anyone anything, and by the time he was done, there wouldn't be any evidence to prove he'd ever been in her home, to begin with.
“I can't let you go, Olivia, you're mine, and it's time you understand this thing between us.”
“You're crazy!”
“Oh Olivia, how I've waited for this moment,” he leaned further against her, licking the side of her mouth, sucking her full bottom lip into his mouth as she struggled against him. “You taste exactly how I thought you would.” Using one hand, he lifted the bottom of her nightgown and began stroking her soft womanly folds. She gasped, crying out in both panic and pleasure as he fingered her until her body responded with a hot wetness.
The Taser still pressed into her belly, he slid himself down her body and tasted her more intimately. Olivia thrashed then, unable to bear it a second longer, one of her knees struck him in the face. The beast broke free then, he reeled back, screamed at her, lashed out and punched her repeatedly in the face as his nose began to bleed profusely.

Olivia shrieked beneath him, her own nose now broken, her lip split open, blood gushing from multiple wounds as he continued to pound on her. The Taser finally firing against her inner thigh as he yelled obscenities at her.
He ripped the blindfold from her face then, “look at me bitch!” he shouted.
Her body jerking, an explosion of pain as he pressed the Taser between her legs and continued to pull the trigger. She clamped her eyes shut, trying to hold on, trying to fight, as the darkness finally overcame her.
Her last thought before the darkness consumed her was, oh my God, he's going to kill me.
Chapter 3



“Be still and you might enjoy it, Olivia.” His breath was hot on her skin, his body slick with sweat as he rutted against her. “You belong to me Olivia,” he said to her as he stiffened and spilled himself into her. She screamed, her head thrashing from side to side as he laughed at her mercilessly.
“Olivia," he said again, his voice sounding far off. “Olivia, can you hear me? Come back to us Olivia.”
 No, not his voice. A woman, her baritone soothing and gentle. Olivia struggled to latch onto the sound. Pain ricocheted through her head, color exploding behind her eyelids as she breached the edge of awareness. Perspiration beaded her forehead, her eyes were heavy, and it hurt as she tried to open them. Her mouth was dry, her lips felt two sizes bigger and as she ran her course tongue along them she felt a cavernous split down the middle of her bottom lip.
Where am I? Was her first thought, and though she tried to communicate with the woman who was gently patting her hand, she couldn't force the words out. Her throat felt terribly raw.
“Olivia.” The voice said again, “you're awake.”
She nodded, or, at least she thought she did. She couldn't be sure. Between the pain and the sense of weightlessness, she didn't know which body parts worked and which ones didn't.
“Olivia, if you can hear me, I want you to try and squeeze my hand.”
She tried. Yes, I can hear you, she thought to herself. Where am I? Why can't I move?
“Good, that's good.” The voice soothed. “I'm Dr. Henshaw, you're in the hospital, Olivia.”
She squeezed her eyes shut, a lone tear leaking out of the side of her swollen oculus.
“We can talk more in a little while; you need to rest. Rest now, Olivia. You're safe here.”
Don't leave me! Her mind screamed as the warm sensation of the doctor's hand faded, and a sense of dread crept over her. Olivia had no idea how she'd landed in the hospital, the last thing she could remember was leaving the office. But she hurt, oh how she hurt. She was almost glad she couldn't summon the strength to move her hands, for fear of what she might find. It was so hard to open her eyes more than a little, her lips were split and swollen, she couldn't speak, her throat was dry and screaming, she desperately wanted water.
How did this happen? Who had done this to her? And just how bad was it? She didn't know, and maybe, just maybe it was better that way. Olivia shivered at the thought, vainly hoping there was no permanent damage. And as the blackness swept over her again, she heard his menacing voice once more.
“You belong to me, Olivia.”
Olivia woke with a start. Pain shot down her arm as she jarred the IV line in her hand. It was the voice that woke her. Always the voice. She'd been in the hospital for three days now, and this was the first time she'd really been able to control her movements. The hospital staff had been keeping her pretty doped up, she needed her rest they would say when she became the least bit conscious. She'd overheard one nurse once telling someone, she thought it was her brother, that Dr. Henshaw had considered putting her in a medically induced coma.
And that had scared her beyond belief. Just how bad was it exactly? She hadn't had the chance to ask, they were drugging her the second she stirred.
Not this time though. She'd slept enough damn it! Olivia lay there silently, there wasn't a nurse in the room as far as she could see. Her movements were still limited, it hurt to turn her head too much, and though her eyes still felt puffy and swollen, she could see a little better. Now if only she could get a damn glass of water!
The Doctor came in then, smiling as she pulled a stool up next to the bed and looked over her chart. “You're awake.”
Olivia nodded, she didn't bother trying to speak just yet, her throat hurt something fierce. She remembered how it had felt when she was younger and had her tonsils removed, it was kind of like that, only worse.
“Would you like to try and drink some water?” The Doctor asked pleasantly, reaching for a large hospital mug. “I'm sure you must be thirsty.” She placed the straw up to Olivia's mouth and smiled as Olivia took a first tentative sip. “Take it slow. No rush.”
Oh, but the water felt blessedly cool going down! Her throat burned, and the water was like a river cooling burnt lava. After a few more sips Dr. Henshaw pulled the mug away and set it on the table beside her.
“Do you think you can talk Olivia?”
She hesitated, then nodded. “yes,” she croaked, her voice low and more than a little harsh.
“That's good. We'll take it easy. Just yes or no.”
Olivia managed a weak smile and nodded again. She didn't want to take it easy. She wanted to know what had happened to her, and she needed to know how bad the damage was.
“Do you remember what happened to you, Olivia?”
“No.”
“Okay.”
“No.” She said again, frustrated now. It wasn't okay. Why would she say it was okay? Olivia shook her head more fervently. “No,” she cried.
“It's okay Olivia, you're safe here. I need you to calm down though.” Dr. Henshaw took her hand, patted it. “Your memories will come back to you Olivia, there's no permanent damage. It'll come back to you.”
Olivia's tears slid slowly down her cheeks, she nodded. It was good to hear there was no brain damage, it was good to know. But what about the rest? She wanted to ask. What about the rest of me?
Dr. Henshaw seemed to understand, she seemed to see the questions in her eyes. “I'm not going to lie to you Olivia, it's pretty bad.”
She squeezed her eyes shut, clutching the Doctor's hand as she cried. Dr. Henshaw waited until she had calmed down before she spoke again.
“I don't think you'll scar Olivia, but you'll be pretty bruised up for a while. I can show you, do you want to see it? Do you want to see your face?”
“Yes,” she squeaked between sobs.
The Doctor nodded, grabbed a mirror and held it up to her. Olivia turned her head away and groaned at the site of the damage to her face. She had two black eyes, the blood vessels in her eyes had popped, the whites of her eyes were bloodshot. Her nose was broken, her lips and one side of her cheek split open. Her throat was bruised, the ugly purple and yellow marks in the form of handprints. There were ligature marks on her wrists and she was told, since she couldn't see them, on her ankles as well.
“You're lucky to be alive Olivia. But you're a survivor, you'll get through this.”
“How...” she started to say, then “was... I...” she trailed off again, too scared to finish the statement.
Dr. Henshaw put down the mirror, picked up her hand again and gave it a squeeze. Olivia couldn't look at her though, she didn't want to see the pity in the other woman's eyes. She knew the truth without even asking. She could feel the dull throbbing between her legs. The cramps and the pain as her womb attempted to heal itself.
“Olivia.” Dr. Henshaw coaxed. “I can refer you to a good counselor if you'd like.”
She turned her face, looked into the eyes of this strong and compassionate woman, and broke. The Doctor leaned forward, stroking a hand along her hair.
“It's okay. It's going to be okay.”
But it wasn't okay, it would never be okay again. Someone had attacked her. Someone had raped her and tried to kill her. And she couldn't remember any of it! She wanted to scream, she wanted to yell, but all she could do was cower and cry.
It was hours later before Olivia woke again. After crying for what felt like a long time on the shoulder of Dr. Henshaw, Olivia had succumbed to her exhaustion. And for once she hadn't dreamt of the voice. She hadn't dreamt of a monster chasing her down and forcing himself into her body.
Her brother was at her bedside. He smiled as their eyes met, dirty streaks marred his handsome face as he stared down at his beloved little sister. He'd been crying. He'd been crying for her. Olivia reached a hand up and wiped at the dirty marks. “Hi.” She mouthed more than spoke.
“Oh, Olivia!” He cried. “I was so worried about you!”
Olivia shook her head, a sad smile playing over her swollen face.
“What happened to you Olivia, who did this to you?”
“I... don't... know.” She managed weakly.
One hand playing gently with her hair, his other fisted at his side, he grimaced slightly, trying his best to hide it from her. “When I find out who did this to you Olivia...” he said, turning away so she couldn't read the anger in his eyes.
She wanted to cry again, and she hoped, oh God she hoped he didn't know that she had been raped. She couldn't bear it if he knew.
A nurse came in then, preventing her brother from saying anything else as he was asked to leave. The nurse checked her vitals, helped her drink some more water, and spooned some warm broth into her mouth as well before telling her that the police were there to see her. Her heart sank a little.
The police.
As if she weren't in enough pain already, now she had to share her anguish with complete strangers. Before the nurse could leave, and show the police in, Olivia grabbed her by the wrist.
“My brother... does he... know?” she asked pleadingly, hoping the nurse would understand.
She smiled, a young plump woman with a smile to rival the Mona Lisa. “No.” She said, patting Olivia's hand reassuringly. “He doesn't know. I'm going to send in the detectives now. If you get too tired, just press that button over there and I'll run them off, okay?”
Olivia nodded, she tried to smile as well. She wanted to push that button now. She didn't want to talk to the police, she didn't want to have to admit to being raped, admit that she couldn't remember anything. She was ashamed of it all. It didn't matter that it wasn't her fault, she was ashamed of herself. How could she have let something like this happen?
The detectives were very nice. The man, probably in his fifties, was tall and slender with a receding hairline and a soft grandfatherly tone when he spoke. His partner, a woman, who if Olivia had to guess was around forty, was very attractive, with long blonde hair that she pulled back in a ponytail, and a nurturing way of talking, that put Olivia at ease.
They worked sex crimes. And they promised to be patient with Olivia. They had been informed and understood that she didn't remember anything after leaving work and that she tired very easily at this point.
Detective Ramsey, the woman, sat down beside her bed, held her hand, and nodded accordingly as her Partner, Detective Tomlin prodded her with questions and wrote down her answers. She couldn't tell them much.
They, on the other hand, were able to fill in quite a few blanks for her. All the but the most important of course.
Her cleaning lady, who came in three times a week, Saturday, Tuesday, and Thursday, found her in her bed on Saturday morning, naked, beaten, and barely alive. There was no sign of forced entry, so she had to have let her attacker in, possibly even known him. And there was little to no forensic evidence. Her bed had been stripped, the entire room cleaned with bleach, from the walls, to her mattress, right down to her own body. He had been thorough.
Traces of blood had seeped into her mattress, and the hospital had of course done a rape kit, but they weren't overly hopeful on either account. Her assailant had either taken anything incriminating with him, or thoroughly cleaned everything else. They were certain the blood on the mattress was hers, and the rape kit had shown no signs of trace evidence. He'd scrubbed her completely, inside and out. Even if he hadn't worn a condom, he'd washed away any traces of his DNA. Then he'd tried to kill her. Or at least that's what they assumed.
Thinking her dead, he'd left her there, completely naked and beaten to a pulp, though he'd taken the time to at least wash the blood off of her face and body, why, they couldn't begin to speculate. And thinking about it gave her the worst kind of headache. Long after the detectives left, handing her their card in case she remembered anything, Olivia thought about what they had told her.
Someone had attacked her in her own home, possibly even someone she knew. He had tied her up, beaten her, raped her, cleaned up his mess, and tried to kill her. Would it matter to him that he had failed? Would he try to attack her again? And just how was she supposed to go back into that house now that someone had desecrated it the way he had? For that matter, how could she face Rosa, her housekeeper, knowing how the poor woman had found her, and likely saved her life?
And what about her brother, should she, and could she, tell him she had been raped? So many questions, and she without any of the answers. The most important of them all, where did she go from here?
Chapter 4

March 11th

Seven weeks. It had been seven weeks since she'd been attacked in her own home. Olivia had struggled immensely during that time. She'd talked to the police at least twice since the initial interview, and had nothing new to tell them. Hoping that going home would have sparked some sort of memory, they'd been with her when she'd been discharged from the hospital nearly a week after the incident.
But other than the abject fear she felt stepping over the threshold, there was nothing. A big gaping emptiness. Her brother had been taking care of the cat, a cleaning service had been hired to give the place a deep professional cleaning, and a new bed had been ordered and delivered. Her brother had even bought her new sheets and a comforter, bless his heart. She didn't know what she would have done without him.
She had yet to return to work. Mr. Seaward, who along with his wife had visited her in the hospital, had told her to take all the time she needed. He gave her the number of a trusted friend and counselor his wife was acquainted with through her work as a drug counselor and had even gone so far as to promise her he'd pick up the tab if she decided to seek their services. Something her insurance didn't regularly cover.
She itched to get back to work. But she was scared. She was scared to be home, and she was scared to go to work. She was afraid to be around people, but she was terrified of being alone. Despite the physical presence of the attack being all but exorcised from her home, Olivia couldn't bear to be in her own house. She'd been staying at the apartment above her brother's sandwich shop since the incident, and once the most horrific of her bruises faded, at least enough so that makeup could hide the rest, she'd started working in the deli with him.
Hoping the company and the task of waiting on customers was enough to distract her, enough to perhaps heal her, she worked every day, from open to close, and then spent her evenings tagging along with her brother for dinner before heading back to the apartment and curling up into a little ball alongside Spook. Poor Spook who'd witnessed it all. Poor Spook who refused to leave her side. Slowly but surely she was putting her life back together. She'd lost weight, her appetite suffering greatly, but she swore she wouldn't let this beat her.
She'd have to leave the comfort of her brother's home at some point though. She'd have to go back to work and face her employees. But she didn't want to. She didn't want to see the pity in their eyes, she didn't want to hear them whisper behind her back about what they think might have happened. Nobody but the hospital staff, and the detectives knew she had been raped. But she knew they would speculate anyways. And that killed her most of all. How could she face these people? How could she command their respect and attention when all she wanted to do was curl up into a corner and cry?
She'd been seeing a shrink, the very one Mr. Seaward had referred her to. And maybe Mrs. Edmans was helpful at times, maybe some of the things she said made sense, were reassuring even, but at the end of the day, it had still happened, and she still had to live with it. Live with the not knowing, live with the knowledge that her attacker was free to attack her again if he so chose to. And she had no idea who he even was, what if he worked for her? She couldn't bear the thought of that!
Her brother had suggested she start taking self-defense classes, and after some thought, she'd decided he was right. She found that learning how to defend herself was a step in the right direction. It made her feel a little bit better about the situation. It gave her a little piece of herself back. But was it enough? Could she go home and face the ghosts in her house? She had to. She couldn't let him win. She couldn't let him drive her out of her own house! She loved that house, she'd worked hard, and she'd earned that house!
So she upgraded her security system and vowed not to ever open the door to a stranger again. Of course, the thought that her attacker wasn't a stranger plagued her constantly. The security system wasn't enough, the self-defense classes weren't enough. She needed to be more perceptive, she needed to be wary and on guard. She needed to open her damn eyes and realize that nobody could truly be trusted. She was one step closer to taking it back, taking control of her life. She wasn't about to stop now.

He hadn't seen Olivia in seven weeks. Not since the magical night he'd spent inside her. And God how magical it had been! Once he'd finally gotten the beast under control, and cleaned up all of the blood, he'd loved her. He'd loved her the way he had wanted to. He'd kissed her sweet lips, he'd suckled at her breasts, and he'd buried himself to the hilt inside her and melded their bodies and souls.
It was a shame the beast had lost control; he didn't enjoy knocking her out the way he'd had to. But sometimes it was hard to keep a leash on the beast. And during that moment of pure ecstasy, when he spilled himself into her hot little body, he could remember the beast putting his hands around her neck, choking her to within an inch of her life. At first, he'd been disgusted, he'd tried to stop the beast, but as he exploded, as his life force drained out of him, and the beast let go, he'd become excited all over again.
Yes, he had loved Olivia throughout the night. He had loved her thoroughly, whispering to her how much he loved her, how she belonged to him, how much he enjoyed their union. And when he was finished, he took the time, and the care to clean her up. Then he took all and any evidence of his existence, because he knew nobody would understand. He knew Olivia might not understand. He'd never meant to hurt her, but she had angered the beast, and it just couldn't be helped. She shouldn't have done that. She should have just let him love her the right way.
He felt bad about the welts and the bruises. He was anguished by the marks on her satiny womanhood that the beast had left with the Taser. He was disgusted that the beast had knocked her out at all, but it was Olivia's fault. He had warned her; he had told her what would happen if she angered the beast. If only she'd listened damn it! He would do better next time. He would make sure she understood when they made love again. Soon he hoped.
He knew Olivia was staying with her brother while her body healed. Though he hadn't actually seen her, he'd seen her car parked outside of the little sandwich shop. She had hidden herself away so that her body could heal. And while he missed seeing her around the office, he was grateful for her absence. He couldn't bear to look at what the beast had done. He'd imagined her without the marks and bruises while they made love, so he was glad he didn't have to deal with the beast’s aftermath just now.
Word around the office was that Olivia had been robbed. A home intrusion, and while attempting to defend herself she had been knocked unconscious. And everyone seemed content with that account. Cards and flowers were left in her office or forwarded to her brother’s place. And after a few weeks, the chatter died down. People stopped speculating. Nobody cared. Nobody but him. He worried that Olivia might not come back to work. He worried that he might not see her again. What if she decided to move to her brother's permanently?
He couldn't afford a move like that himself, at least not right away. It would be so selfish of her to just pack up and leave without first considering his feelings! No. No, Olivia wouldn't do that. She loved her job, she loved her home, she loved him. She just didn't want people to think he was a woman beater. She understood that it was a fit of passion. She knew him, didn't she? She knew he'd never hurt her! She just didn't want anyone else to think he would. He could lose his job if anyone found out about them. She could lose hers! No, her being away was for the best.
But he was more than a little excited when Mr. Seaward announced that she would be returning soon, that everyone should just forget the little incident. She didn't want to feel pity, and it was best if everything could just return to normal. She'd been on vacation, and that's how everyone should look at it.

Olivia took a deep breath, steeled herself, and got out of the car. She'd had a long talk with Mr. Seaward. He'd assured her that her office was clear of all the cards, flowers, and balloons. He'd made it a point to talk to everyone in the agency, and they'd all agreed she'd suffered enough, no one was to mention the incident. It was business as normal.
Business as normal.
Nothing was normal about this. And it never would be. The police were sure it was someone she knew. But Olivia didn't have any friends, at least none that were male. So more than likely it was someone she worked with, an employee, or a client. That was the worst part. Knowing that she could have a causal interaction with her attacker and never know it. She knew coworkers were going to pity her, she knew there would be looks and whispers, water cooler chit chat. But she could deal with all that. She'd dealt with it after the incident with Roderick, she'd deal with it now.
The thought of talking to her attacker though, of accepting his sympathies and good wishes made her sick to her stomach. Why, just this morning the thought of it had her keeling over the toilet and spilling the breakfast she'd choked down. If she hadn't already spewed the entire contents of her stomach, she'd probably be sick again right now.
You can do this, she told herself. You can do this, Olivia.
Squaring her shoulders, she left the safety of her car and walked around the back of the building and into the sunlight. Spring was here. The birds were singing, the flowers blooming, trees sprouting new leaves. She could do this. If a delicate flower could survive the winter, then she could survive this.
The moment she walked up to the agency, Jeremy, the security guard, opened the door for her. Tilting his cap and smiling as she walked over the threshold.
“Mornin',” he said politely. Not a trace of pity in his eyes. His tone bright and cheerful.
Maybe this wouldn't be as hard as she thought. “Good morning,” she replied, trying on a smile for the first time in weeks, and finding that it felt pretty darn good.
Alley was manning the desk as usual. She looked up and waved, then glanced back at her computer screen. Olivia looked into a few of the offices off the lobby, waved and nodded at those who caught her eye on the way to the back hall. She took the elevator up to her floor, unlocked her office door and leaned up against the back of it after closing it behind her. She let out a big sigh, looking around and realizing that everything was just as she'd left it.
Even in her absence, life at the office had continued without her. Her clients and appointments had been shifted around, there were no stacks of paper left for her to deal with. Business as usual Mr. Seaward had said. Business as usual indeed.
Olivia found that it was much easier than she had thought to get back in the swing of things. Everyone at the office treated her the same way they always had. Something she was very grateful for. And though some of her clients had missed her in her absence, they had been told she was on vacation. No one needed to know what had happened to her. Mr. Seaward had understood perfectly her need to return to normal. Her need to keep things quiet.
Because there was virtually no evidence, there was no case. There was no one to charge with a crime, and therefore no one to prosecute. There would be no trial, there would be no media coverage of this horrible crime. And while Olivia should have been worried that her attacker might come after her again, she felt like she was prepared. She was more than a little ready to put this whole thing behind her, and while she would love to know that her attacker was behind bars and couldn't do this to anyone else, she was shamefully relieved that she wouldn't have to trot this out in front of the public.
She didn't want anyone to know she had been raped. It was bad enough that people knew she'd been attacked in her own home. Something she vowed would never happen again. She'd taken self-defense classes, and would continue to do so. She'd upgraded her security system, from the yard, to the house, no one was getting in without her knowing. Unlike before, where her property had been fenced around her driveway, there was now a gate at the end of it, a gate she controlled from the inside with a buzzer and an intercom. She'd had barbed wire added to the top of the wall that surrounded her property, a state of the art alarm system to the house, and was in talks with a company that sold specially trained dogs for police and personal protection.
Perhaps it seemed a little like overkill, but since she'd learned that her attacker likely knew her, and she him, she wasn't taking chances. Nobody would come on her property again without her knowledge, and if she wasn't expecting them, well then, they could just visit her at the office. She wasn't taking calls, professional or otherwise at home again.
It might stint her already weak social life, but Olivia would be damned if she would allow someone to hurt her like that again.
At the end of the day, Olivia's nerves seem to peak a little. It was a day just like this one when it had happened. The last thing she remembered was leaving the office. Despite feeling calm and almost normal throughout the day, Olivia suddenly became a little paranoid.
Had he followed her home that day? Had he maybe ambushed her at her own front door? She couldn't remember anything after leaving work. She didn't know if she'd gone straight home. She didn't know when the attack actually happened, how it happened, how long he was with her. Any of it. It was just one big blank. And though she had thought about all of those questions and more, over and over in the past few weeks, being back at work had somehow eased her nerves a little.
Routine. It was getting back into a routine. Mrs. Edmans, the psychiatrist had told her that once she'd gotten back into a routine, things would get easier. She would think about it less. And in time, maybe wouldn't think about it at all.
Olivia made it home without incident.
On the drive home, she'd found herself watching the cars around her, constantly looking in the rearview mirror to see if anyone was following her.
Nobody was.
She needed to get a grip on herself. It had been almost eight weeks now since the attack. If anybody had wanted her dead, surely he would have tracked her down and finished the job. Maybe the police had been wrong. She'd read somewhere, even in her fragile frame of mind, that asphyxiation during intercourse was sometimes a turn on for a sadist. Perhaps that's what had happened.
If he had intended to kill her, he probably would have realized she was still alive while he worked on cleaning her up. Nobody could be that stupid. Especially given the fact that he had been so thorough in everything else.
It didn't give her much in the way of peace of mind, but it was enough.
Olivia had an appointment during lunch tomorrow to see the K9 specialist and look at a dog he promised would fit her needs. She had been assured that these dogs were trained for protection and guard duties. This wasn't a pet. This dog was trained to be alone for long periods of time, to guard person and property. Knowing that, she didn't have the same reservations she once had about owning a dog. It would sleep indoors with her, but she would leave it outside when she wasn't home. With her own sharp-toothed bodyguard, nobody would get to her again.
For now, though, Olivia tried to relax. She'd gotten into a routine of sorts at home again. She and Spook were happy. She and Spook were safe.

He watched from his vantage point.
She looked lovely as ever as she changed out of her work clothes and into something a little less restrictive.
And she'd made some updates to her home.
The beast had balked at that. But he was a smart man. He knew she hadn't done it because of him. She wasn't afraid of him; she was afraid for, him. Once they finally came out into the open, she obviously didn't want anyone to condemn him for their relationship. Surely her brother wouldn't understand. A woman such as herself in her esteemed position, taking up with a man of his stature.
It was easy enough, however, to snip a section of the barbed wire, bend it back, and then replace it when it when he left so that it looked as if it had never been disturbed. And he could easily get around the new gate as well. When he was ready to make love to her again, and it would be soon, she would open the gate right up for him. She would welcome him with open arms. And they would make love again, but it would be different next time. No, she wouldn't fight him again.
Chapter 5

March 21st

Olivia had been back to work for a week now. Back to her life for a week. And it felt amazing. She'd fallen back into the routine that she'd once loved, and with the new addition on the homefront, Olivia felt safer than ever as well.
The specially trained K9 companion she'd brought home nearly a week earlier had settled in nicely. He was a two-year-old Doberman Pinscher named Rowdy. But rowdy he was not. He was calm, composed, and very comforting. Rowdy seemed to sense Olivia's emotions and acted accordingly around her. The moment she entered the property he was by her side, and he didn't leave her until she exited through those gates the next day. Olivia was fond of Rowdy very quickly, he made her feel safe in a way that nothing ever had before. Even Spook seemed to accept the dog, he was trained after all to ignore cats.
The instructor had given her a demonstration of Rowdy's abilities, and she watched in shock and awe as he tore off after a man in a dog bite suit, amazed by Rowdy's desire to obey his master's every command. Rowdy was trained in basic obedience as well, and Olivia was given lessons over the course of the weekend on how to command him. All of his commands were in German, which made it more difficult for someone else to distract him.
Confident that Olivia and Rowdy were a match, he was relinquished into her care, and Olivia took him home, where he settled in immediately and took his duties very seriously. He was not a pet after all, but a working dog. There would be monthly “tune ups” with the trainer so to speak for the first year at least, but from here on out, Rowdy and Olivia were on their own, and very happy with each other.
Getting into work mode, Olivia cleared her mind. She had a new client to deal with first thing once she got into the office. Someone she had been trying to woo for months now, since even before the incident. She'd finally landed the account and was supposed to go over the contract specifics with the head of their human resources. She was ecstatic. This was one of the biggest accounts she had landed by herself, and Mr. Seaward had promised a grand celebration once the deal was closed.
Her nerves were a little more jittery than normal. She'd thrown up twice this morning just thinking about it! Over the course of the last couple of weeks, as she'd gone about regaining her confidence, and taking back her piece of mind, that nervousness, and her nausea, had faded, but it was back in full force this morning. She only hoped she could get herself under control before her client showed up. She popped a couple of antacids, took a few deep breaths, and recited the mantra Mrs. Edmans had given her to help her out during her times of anxiety.
By the time her client arrived, a stern looking woman in a power suit, she had herself under control.
“Mrs. Beasley,” she said with a smile, walking around her desk and holding what she hoped was a steady hand out to the other woman. “It's so nice to see you again, please, won't you sit down?” Olivia indicated a couple of comfortable chairs that were grouped around a coffee table at the other end of her office suite.
“The pleasure is all mine, and its Tiffany if you don't mind.” The woman replied, taking her hand and giving it a quick pump before making her way over to one of the chairs and getting comfortable.
Olivia's personal assistant came in then, carrying a tray of coffee and a basket of muffins. She set them down on the coffee table in front of them, bowed politely to Tiffany and left the two women alone.
“Please, help yourself.” Olivia began, her stomach churning as she eyed a poppy seed muffin. Not now, not now. She told her stomach as the queasy feeling bubbled up.
Tiffany picked up a mug, stirred in some cream and sugar and sat back in her chair, crossing one leg over the other as she looked at Olivia with a sudden keen interest.
Olivia rubbed at her eyes, squinting and swallowing, trying to keep the bile that threatened to spill out at bay. With one hand covering her mouth and the other pressed to her belly, she swallowed again, sweat beading her forehead as she struggled against her nerves.
“Excuse me,” she finally said, rushing off to her attached private bath and spilling the contents of her already empty stomach into the sink. She splashed water over her face, used the emergency mouthwash she kept for meetings after she'd eaten something offensive, and made her way back into the office where Tiffany sat sipping her coffee and flipping through a magazine.
She looked up and smiled when Olivia came back into view.
“Sorry about that,” Olivia apologized, taking her seat and smoothing the wrinkles in her skirt.
Tiffany shook her head, the smile on her face softening her strong features. “It's okay,” she said, waving her off. “I got sick a lot during my first trimester too. How far along are you?”
Olivia stared at her in shocked silence.
“Oh gosh, I'm sorry.” Tiffany stammered when Olivia didn't respond a few minutes later. “I just thought, oh jeez. You're not pregnant, are you? I mean, you don't look pregnant. You're not fat I mean.” Tiffany covered her face with her hands, mortified. “I'm really stepping in it here aren't I?”
Shaking her head, Olivia blinked a couple of times, “no, no you're fine.” She finally managed.
Pregnant.
God, could she be? No. No, she couldn't be pregnant. It was impossible. Wasn't it? Starting at Tiffany, who was still trying to regain her composure, Olivia plastered on a smile and did her best to get on with their meeting. She'd deal with this newest ripple afterward.
“Let's get down to business shall we?” She said, acting like nothing had happened.
Tiffany swallowed visibly, nodded, and began pulling papers out of her briefcase.

Sitting in the waiting room of her OBGYN Olivia took a deep breath. After her meeting with Tiffany, which went swimmingly, she had thought after that first little kink, Olivia had flipped through her contacts and made an emergency appointment with her OBGYN.
Pregnant.
That one word hovered around in her head like a fly, buzzing heedlessly. Olivia hadn't been in a relationship with a man since Roderick, and she'd only been twenty at the time. That was ten years ago! So, of course, she wasn't on any sort of birth control. Why would she be? She wasn't having sex. Olivia might have gone on a few casual dates here and there, but she hadn't been intimate with a man in a decade! Crazy as that might have sounded, after the fiasco with Roderick, Olivia had pretty much sworn off men, and when Mr. Seaward had promoted her, she'd thrown herself into her work.
Her career was her relationship. Her clients were her lovers, as inappropriate as that sounded. She didn't have sex with them by any means, but if her job was her relationship, then the aspects of it were certainly her lovers, right? Sure she had sexual urges from time to time, what woman wouldn't while reading their favorite Johanna Lindsey novel? But she had a vibrator for that! No man had interested her enough to consider an intimate relationship since Roderick. So birth control hadn't even been a blip on her radar. Her periods were abnormal as it was, she'd have one, then skip one, then have one, and then maybe skip two or three.
She'd been told once that there was a medical reason for that, endometriosis or some such thing, but she was one of the lucky ones, she didn't have any of the painful symptoms most women experienced, just the messed up menstrual cycle. Which is why she hadn't thought anything of her missed cycle these past two months.
And she'd attributed her nausea and vomiting to her nerves and anxiety. Hadn't she gone through a really traumatic experience? Of course, her system was a little out of whack! But pregnant? Impossible. Just in case though, Olivia had asked for the first available appointment, and as luck would have it, they were able to get her in that day.
After a quick height and weight check, Olivia peed in a cup and was lead into an exam room where they had her strip down and put on one of those embarrassingly uncomfortable gowns, although, at least this office had cloth gowns. Then she waited. And she thought about all the possibilities. She hoped she was just dealing with the effects of some anxiety disorder, that the doctor would tell her she just needed to find some way to relax and let her body heal itself. But the more she thought about it, the more she compared all of her symptoms, from the nausea, to the sore breasts that she hadn't noticed until now, to the missing period, and the constant fatigue, Olivia was afraid she already knew the truth.
Pregnant.
There was a quick rap on the door, and then her longtime gynecologist, Dr. Waterman entered the room. Waterman, Burnett, and Esparza had been in practice for over forty years, Olivia had been coming here for the last fifteen, since she'd gotten her first period. She was comfortable with Dr. Waterman, he loved babies, and he loved helping women. He was dedicated to his work. And had birthed thousands of babies over the years.
He had the best ratings in the state, no make that the country, and women from all over the world came to him to not only have their babies but for the treatment of various fertility issues as well. He was a top rated surgeon, and with the addition of Dr. Jasmine Burnett a likewise top rated Gynecological Oncologist, his practice serviced all manner of female issues. Babies, Gynecology, and Cancer, complete with a couple of midwives, they were a regular female one stop shop.
The last of the three Doctors, Dr. Esparza was the newest addition. She'd heard that he'd studied abroad at Oxford, and completed his med school at Harvard. His residency had been through El Camino Hospital in California and then he came to work for Dr. Waterman, who he had been quoted as saying was his inspiration for becoming an Obstetrician in the first place. With his knowledge and schooling, Olivia was sure he could probably work in just about any office or hospital he wanted to.
She'd heard he was still rather young, and many wondered why he had come to this little middle of nowhere town to practice medicine when he could be making the big bucks elsewhere. She hadn't met the man, she only came to this office once a year for her annual as it was, and he'd only been working here for two, but she'd heard incredible things about him. Not least of all that he was a total babe.
Women talked about what a good doctor, Dr. Esparza was, but more importantly, they talked about how good looking he was. Another thing she had no knowledge of. Nor did she particularly care. What did it matter to her if he had chiseled abs and thick black hair? Why did she care if he was one-hundred percent Spanish? And why would it fascinate her to know that his eyes were more yellow than brown?
No. Dr. Waterman had been her gynecologist for fifteen years. And she was rather fond of the aging doctor with his bald head and his pot belly. His face was wrinkled and well lived in, and he always smiled.
He was smiling now. “Olivia,” he said excitedly as he shook her hand and sat down on the stool next to her. “Weren't you just in here a few months back for your annual?” he asked.
Olivia nodded and looked down at the floor.
“Well, let's see what we've got going on here. Looks like your pregnant.”
Her head shot up, tears began leaking down her cheeks.
Dr. Waterman looked at her for a moment, his smile fading, “I take it this wasn't a planned pregnancy?” He inquired gently, reaching out and taking her hand in his big bear paw.
She looked at the floor again. She couldn't stand the sympathy she saw in his eyes. “I was raped,” she whispered, almost inaudibly.
“Oh Olivia,” he said, his voice filled with concern as he squeezed her hand, trying to bring her comfort somehow.
A nurse came in then, and he performed an exam to find out about how far along she was. After asking about her last menstrual cycle, he told her she was about eight weeks, due in late October, and then he waited for the nurse to leave, pretending to look over her chart until it was just the two of them before he spoke again.
“Olivia, I don't perform abortions, but if you'd like, I can give you the name of a good doctor in Chicago.”
Olivia looked at him with tears in her eyes. She hadn't even the time to process the possibility that she might be pregnant, let alone what she might do if she was. But she shook her head sternly just the same, “I don't think I could go through with an abortion.”
He nodded. Pulled out a couple of pamphlets and handed them over to her. “We'll get some blood work going, test you for STD's.”
“I was tested at the hospital; he beat me pretty bad.” She admitted.
Dr. Waterman scoffed with compassion, and nodded, “it's procedure.”
“Of course.”
“Are you seeing someone about the attack Olivia? I could recommend someone if you need me to.”
Olivia looked down at her hands, twirled her thumbs a couple of times, “I see a psychiatrist, a Dr. Edmans once a week.”
“Okay, that's a start. How about a rape crisis counselor? They would know how to better deal with this, the emotions you're going to go through. Help you consider your options.”
“My options,” she repeated, still staring absently at her hands.
Dr. Waterman leaned in, rubbed her back, “you have a lot to think about Olivia. You don't want an abortion, and I commend you for that. But there's always adoption. Read the pamphlets, Olivia, get in touch with a rape crisis counselor. Consider your options.” He stood then, picked up her chart, and put his hand on her shoulder. “I want to see you back here in a couple of weeks. Normally it would be a monthly visit until you're further along, but I mean to take a special interest in you, Olivia.” He smiled at her, and she tried to smile back.
“We're going to call this one a high-risk pregnancy given the circumstances and your history with endometriosis, I'll see you in a couple of weeks, Olivia. Take care of yourself.”
Olivia got dressed, made an appointment and drove straight home. She called her office to let them know she wasn't feeling well and would be taking the rest of the day off, then she crawled into bed and cried.
Eight weeks ago someone had attacked her. He had raped her, and he had beat her to within an inch of her life. And now she was pregnant. She was pregnant with some unknown rapist’s baby. Placing her hand over her flat abdomen, Olivia cried some more. I was raped, and yet, I love you already, she thought to herself.
Olivia hadn't given much thought to the future, or to having children. She'd known she wanted a baby one day, she just didn't have any kind of timeline. Maybe her biological clock was ticking, but Olivia certainly hadn't heard it or been in any rush to settle down. She figured that when the time was right, she'd know.
At the hospital, after they'd explained the full extent of the damage, the tearing, the bruising, and what appeared to be burns, likely from a Taser, they'd offered her the morning after pill. Because he had cleaned her afterward, there was no trace of semen or lubricants of any kind, and as such, they couldn't be sure if he'd worn a condom or not. Olivia refused the pill though. She couldn't have said why, but she had.
And now she was pregnant with her rapist’s baby.
No. This was her baby. Damn it, this was crazy, and maybe she was crazy, but she loved this child already. She was going to have this baby, and she would keep him or her. She would love this baby, and every time she looked at her baby, she wouldn't think about being raped, she couldn't remember it anyway, she would just think about how much she loved and wanted this child. Her child.
After coming to the decision that she would have and keep this baby, Olivia decided she needed to start planning ahead for their future. She would have to tell her parents, her brother, her boss. But what if they put two and two together? She couldn't worry about that. She just needed to come up with a good story and stick to it.
Artificial insemination. Yeah, that sounded pretty good. Okay, so she hadn't talked about wanting a baby, but she was a pretty private individual, so maybe people would buy it. She'd tell her family she'd been thinking about it for a while, and because her parents kept bugging her, she'd decided to have a baby on her own. Tell them she hadn't wanted to say anything in case the procedure didn't take. Didn't want to get anyone's hopes up. She didn't have any prospects in mind, so why not do it by herself? Would they buy that? Would her boss?
She'd find out soon enough. But regardless of their reactions or future suspicions, that was her story, and she was sticking to it.
Chapter 6

April 4th

In the weeks following the discovery of her pregnancy, Olivia had been a very busy lady. She'd called her parents and broken the news to them over the phone. They were so excited they started immediately planning a trip to the states, intending to get there in late September, a month before the baby was due and stay there for a few months after the birth.
Her brother seemed a little more concerned than he was happy, but in the end, he agreed that it was her decision and he was happy if she was happy. Neither her parents nor her brother asked too many questions beyond why and how she had chosen to do this. She told them her biological clock was ticking, and since she didn't have a man in her life, she'd just decided to do it on her own. So she'd taken herself down to the local sperm bank and purchased herself a baby daddy.
They'd all laughed at that, and she was glad, because inside she was dying. She didn't want to have to lie to them, to any of them, but she didn't want them to love this child any less because of his or her parentage. She was protecting herself, and she was protecting her child.
When she told her boss, however, he immediately saw through her facade and called her out on it.
“Why didn't you tell me you were raped, Olivia?” He had asked.
Olivia looked at him utterly shocked, her mouth gaping at his accusation. “Mr. Seaward,” she began.
He held up a hand, “Olivia, I've known you your entire life, your father is a good friend of mine, when are you going to start calling me Arthur?”
“I'm sorry,” her gaze dropped to the floor. “Arthur I, I don't know where you got an idea like that.”
“Are you trying to tell me you weren't raped? Look at me, Olivia.”
Her eyes met his, her lip trembled. There was, however, no pity in his gaze, only concern for a woman that he had known and admired for a long time.
“Don't lie to me, Olivia. I can do simple math. You said you were eight weeks pregnant.” She flinched. “You were attacked eight weeks ago. Tell me that's a coincidence. Tell me you weren't raped, and I'll believe you.”
But she couldn't do it.
“Olivia,” he said more sympathetically, pulling her into his arms and hugging her to his chest. “Have you thought about all your options?”
Her head snapped up in astonishment, “I will not have an abortion.” She said defiantly.
“What about adoption?” He asked, now at arm’s length with her as he searched her expression.
“I love this baby Arthur.” She replied, looking away. “I'm sorry if you can't understand that.”
Arthur sighed, hugged her tightly again, then pulled away. Turning his back to her he said, “I'm a father Olivia, I think I can understand.” Sitting down at his desk, he pulled out a pack of cigarettes, slipped one from the pack and twirled it in his fingers.
“I didn't know you smoked,” Olivia mentioned absently as she watched him play with it.
“I don't. I quit twenty years ago, but I always keep a pack on hand to remind me.” He smiled weakly. “Have you told your parents?”
She nodded, taking a seat in front of his desk.
“What did you tell them? The same mumbo jumbo you tried to pawn off on me?”
Another nod as she looked down at her feet.
“Did they believe you?”
“Yes,” she finally said after a time. “And I would appreciate it if you wouldn't tell them about this. You're the only one outside of my doctors that knows the true origin of this child. I'd like to keep it that way.”
“Alright. I'm sure you have your reasons, and maybe I don't understand all of this, however, it's your decision, but what about the police?”
“What about them?” She retorted, folding her hands in her lap and looking him straight in the eye.
“They'll want to know about this newest development, don't you think?”
“Why would they? I don't see what knowing I'm pregnant would do for the case.”
He sighed. “The baby’s DNA Olivia. They might want a sample.”
Olivia's hand immediately went to her belly, where she stroked it with a mother’s love. “I hadn't thought about that. I guess I'll give the detectives in charge a call. But unless they have a suspect, unless they find this creep, there's no way I'm going to involve an innocent child in all of this.”
“You're a very brave woman Olivia, I admire your courage and your commitment to this baby. You're going to be a great mother,” Arthur assured her, reaching out a hand to her, one she gladly accepted.
“Thank you.”
Arthur smiled, gave her hand a quick squeeze before releasing it. “If there's anything I can ever do for you and this child, please Olivia, don't hesitate to ask.”
With a nod, Olivia stood and left his office. Telling Arthur the truth had put her at such ease. A great weight had been lifted. Having someone else know, aside from her medical support staff, that now consisted of a rape crisis counselor on top of her psychiatrist and Dr. Waterman, made Olivia feel better, safer even, if that made any sense. She felt bad that she couldn't confide in her family, but really, Arthur was like family, so having him as her confidant was a good move on her part.
And she knew he'd keep her secret. If there was ever anyone she could trust in this crazy mixed up world, it was Arthur.

Olivia was pregnant. He couldn't believe it! He was going to be a father! The father of Olivia's baby no less! He'd watched her flaunt her pregnancy around the office. Flitting from one person to the next as she told them about the impending birth of her child. Of their child! And while he was reasonably excited about the prospect of being a father, the beast inside him was enraged by the lies people told.
She didn't want to talk about the father. He wasn't anybody important one person had said, while others speculated behind her back that Mr. Seaward was the father. A girl in the mail room said something about artificial insemination, and Alley the receptionist insisted Olivia had a one-night stand. And of course, when he'd congratulated her himself she hadn't said anything other than 'thank you' but there was a twinkle in her eyes. She knew the truth; she knew it was their baby.
It was just ridiculous though! All these lies! Didn't these idiots realize that he was the father of this baby? No, how could they? He and Olivia weren't ready to go public with their affair yet. There was still plenty of time for all that. Perhaps when the baby was born and it had his hair, or his eyes, maybe they would see it then. One certainly couldn't tell by her flat abdomen that she was pregnant with his child.
He could be patient with her for now. There was no rush after all. They would have the rest of their lives together to be a real family. He didn't delude himself, he knew they would be together soon. Now that she was pregnant though, the timeline would have to be moved up a little. He'd have to start on his courtship a little sooner than he'd planned. The mother of his child deserved a proper courtship after all didn't she? Shouldn't he show her just how much he loved her? How excited he was about the impending birth of their child?

Walking along the sidewalk on the way to his car, a bag of Chinese takeout in one hand, and his other cradling his phone against his ear as he listened to his mother's latest tangent, Sebastian was hardly paying attention to where he was going. So he shouldn't have been surprised when he walked smack into another person, his bag of food falling to the ground, spilling open as he fumbled to hang onto his expensive new smartphone.
“What the?” he heard himself say, holding back on the expletives as he came face to face with the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. She literally took his breath away as she smiled shyly and attempted to help him clean up the mess. “I got to go, mom, I'll call you back,” he said hurriedly, disconnecting the call before she could respond and shoving the phone into his back pocket.
Crouching down, nearly bumping heads with the exotic beauty before him, he began nervously trying to shovel the remaining food back into the bag as she handed him a napkin. She brushed a lock of hair behind her ear afterward, before standing up again.
“Sorry about that.” He apologized profusely, more than a little embarrassed by his sudden bout of clumsiness.
She shook her head, “no, it's okay, really.”
Dropping the bag of food into the nearest garbage can, and wiping his hands on the side of his slacks, he held one out to her, “I'm Sebastian, and I'm usually not this clumsy.”
“It's nice to meet you, Sebastian,” she giggled, sliding her hand into his. “I'm Olivia, and I understand a thing or two about being clumsy.”
Olivia. Her name rung in his head like a bell. It was beautiful, just like her. With her long blue-black hair, and her bronzed skin. Those big blue eyes, and the slashing cheekbones, along with her sumptuous lips, she oozed of an exotic sexuality. Sebastian was so stunned by her beauty that he nearly missed what she said next.
“Were you really talking to your mother just now?” She asked.
Sebastian shook the cobwebs from his brain, “what? Oh, yeah, I was. She likes to badger me at least once a day about settling down and giving her some grandchildren.”
Olivia smiled again, that sweet, shy smile, that set him on his ass so to speak. It was so vulnerable and honest.
“My parents are the same way.”
“Maybe we should settle down together then.” He joked, regretting the words the instant he said them. Maybe we should settle down together then. God, what was he thinking? He didn't know this woman from Eve, she could be married for cripes sake! But he didn't see a ring on her finger. That didn't mean she wasn't in some sort of relationship though did it? Yet why would she have said her parents were the same way if she was married or in a relationship?
After a very awkward moment, in which she stared at him and blinked, she finally said, “how about we start with me buying you some more lunch? I wasn't watching where I was going either, I owe you at least that much.”
Huh?
Either she was bat shit crazy, or she was the most amazing woman he had ever met. Why she wasn't running for the hills after his ridiculous comment was beyond his comprehension, but what the hell? He'd take what he could get.
“Lunch sounds great, but only if I'm buying.”
“Deal.” She replied with a smile, running her hands through her glorious hair.
Olivia ordered a Wonton Soup, and sitting at the table, one elbow resting on it with her hand laced in her hair as she ladled the soup into her mouth with the other, Sebastian was hard pressed to concentrate on his chicken fried rice.
“What do you do for a living Olivia?” He asked, forking in a mouthful of rice and picturing her naked. He should have been ashamed of himself, objectifying a woman the way he was, but Olivia was so damn gorgeous, he simply couldn't help himself.
“I'm a partner of a local staffing agency. What about yourself?”
Swallowing, he picked up a napkin and wiped at his face, sure he had soy sauce everywhere. “I'm a doctor.”
She nodded, her brows raised a little, but she didn't comment any further, asking instead, “do you always forget to look where you’re going and run into people on the sidewalk Sebastian?”
He couldn't help himself, Sebastian smiled, threw his head back and laughed.

Olivia's heart began to thump against her chest. The sound of his laughter was so smooth, so masculine, it had her heart pumping blood a mile a minute. She was having a hard time believing that she was sitting here, in a Chinese restaurant with this man. A complete stranger no less, a handsome, but complete stranger.  Not that she regretted it of course.
Running into Sebastian had been just as much her fault as it had been his, having lunch with him was certainly the least she could do to rectify that. Besides, she was enjoying his company, he was smart, and witty, charming even. He'd said he was a doctor, and she believed him, not that she cared. Olivia would almost bet that she made as much or more money than he did, unless of course, he was a plastic surgeon, they usually seemed to bank money left and right.
No, what interested Olivia had been the fact that he was so distracted while talking to his mother. Olivia really was a sucker for family, and now that she was going to have her own little kind of family, her heart had squeezed at the thought of this handsome and very virile looking man talking to his mother and forgetting to watch where he was going because of it. And maybe that was silly, maybe she was even a little crazy to have initiated a conversation with him afterward, but she couldn't help herself.
Something inside her had told her to keep talking to this man. Which was insane given her current situation. Because what single man in his right mind would be interested in dating a woman that was pregnant with another man's baby? A rapist’s baby at that! Don't do that to yourself, Olivia, she chided herself. It wasn't a rapist’s baby, it was her baby, and she had better start remembering that!
Looking at Sebastian again as his laughter subsided, there was a spark in his yellow-brown eyes, eyes that reminded her of a cat, set into a tan and angular face. He had a strong jaw, full lips, and thick black hair. She would have guessed he was maybe Greek or Italian himself had it not been for the very slight Spanish accent. And as she committed his handsome face to memory, she felt a little pang of despair deep in her heart. Why couldn't she have met a man like Sebastian before she'd gotten pregnant?
He was absolutely perfect on paper, and the longer she sat here talking to him, listening to him regale her with stories of his youth and growing up as the youngest of five, the more she yearned for a different kind of life. She wanted a husband, a man that loved her, a man that would love her child, their child, as well.
But she'd never have that now. She knew there were men out there that could love and accept her child, perhaps even treat him or her as their own, but she likewise knew it was just as possible to meet a man that would despise her child, even mistreat or abuse them. And she wasn't sure she would be willing to take that kind of risk.
Gosh, but he was handsome and so kind. Why Sebastian? she asked herself, why couldn't we have met sooner?
“When can I see you again Olivia?” He asked as they left the restaurant and walked down the sidewalk together.
“I don't know.” She answered regrettably. She'd had such a nice time with him, and a part of her yearned to spend more with him, she wanted to know everything there was to know about Sebastian. But how could she? She'd have to tell him eventually that she was pregnant, and then what would happen? He'd run away, that's what! “I'm not sure that's such a good idea.”
“Oh? And why not? I enjoyed our time together Olivia, didn't you?”
Yes, she wanted to say. She had indeed enjoyed it. She could so easily see herself spending all of her time with this man. Something she'd never foreseen before, something she didn't even realize she'd wanted until now.
“It's complicated.” She finally managed.
He looked utterly deflated. “I see.”
“Oh no,” she blurted, placing her hand on his arm, feeling the heat of his body seep into her. “It isn't like that Sebastian. I mean, I'm not seeing anyone.”
That dazzling smile of his returned, he took her hand in his and began massaging her palm with his thumb, the sensation arousing feelings Olivia couldn't begin to comprehend.
“Have dinner with me Olivia, and then maybe you can explain to me why it is so complicated.”
Biting her lower lip, fighting some inner turmoil, Olivia finally nodded, “alright, dinner, but not tonight. I have to get back to work.” She reluctantly pulled her hand from his and slipped a card from her back pocket, handing it to him. “Call me sometime this weekend and we'll get together.”

Turning the card over in his hands, Sebastian watched her walk away. As her backside twitched seductively from left to right, clearly outlined by the tightness of her silk slacks, his mouth watered a little. His heart nearly skipping a beat when she looked back at him over her shoulder, her lips parted ever so slightly in a smile that knocked the breath clear out of him.
Sebastian had never believed in love at first sight, until now. There was something about Olivia, the way she talked, the way she walked, the way she smiled at him. Something so honest about her, vulnerable and soft. He'd never met a woman who could bring him to his figurative knees the way Olivia had. His heart had very nearly broken when she'd told him it was complicated, for surely that meant there was another man in her life.
And why wouldn't there be? A woman like her? Smart, beautiful, and if the business card she had given him was any indication, successful too. She had said she was a partner, hadn't she? He knew of the Seaward Staffing agency, they were a fortune five hundred company, and as a partner, she likely made just as much money as he did. Which was probably why she didn't seem too interested in the fact that he was a doctor.
Sebastian had always had a hard time where women were concerned. Of course, it wasn't like he was actively looking for a woman to settle down with. He wasn't even forty yet, he had plenty of time for marriage and family didn't he? Then again, he was on the south side of thirty, and he wasn't getting any younger, isn't that his mother kept saying? But what did she know? She still didn't understand why he had taken the job here in Gary rather than the one he had been offered in California, where he likely would have made twice as much money.
With his education and capabilities, he'd been sought after by many practices around not just the US, but the world as a whole, he could've had any number of jobs if he had wanted them. But he loved where he ended up. Working for Dr. Waterman was a dream come true! Dr. Waterman was one of the most highly sought after and respected Obstetric surgeons in the world. The very reason he had himself decided to become an Obstetrician, so why wouldn't he want to work for the man?
It was an honor and a privilege to do so, one he didn't and never would take for granted. He made plenty of money, and he didn't regret his decision, because like he had told his mother when he'd moved here, it wasn't about the money, it was about making a difference in women's lives. Something he did every day. Sebastian was very active with Doctors without Borders, he donated his services to several clinics in the area, both in Indiana and Illinois, and he donated money annually to women's services and rape crisis centers, enjoying every minute of it. All of it.
If his mother couldn't understand that, then that was her problem.
As for settling down and starting a family, it was a little easier said than done. There were plenty of beautiful women out there, and some may have even attracted his attention at one time or another, but it was hard to find a woman that was as beautiful on the inside as she was on the outside. Beauty often came with a strong sense of entitlement as well as an undeniable case of vanity. And of course, it was hard to know just what about him women were interested in.
Was it his good looks? Was it his money? The big ranch house he owned out in the country? Most of the women he dated never seemed to last long enough to get to know what was inside of him. He was usually turned off by them the first time he noticed anything out of whack. And while he slept with a woman from time to time in order to scratch an itch, he didn't have too many second or even third dates.
So Sebastian had given up on trying to make his mother happy. Given up on the hope of finding the right woman, at least anytime soon.
Until now.
Until Olivia.
The fact alone that she hadn't run screaming when he'd suggested marriage to her upon their first meeting today had melted his heart. And as they'd sat in that restaurant, eating Chinese food that had grown more than a little cold while they conversed about their families, he had fallen more in love with every passing word.
Her parents were Greek immigrants, who had moved back to Greece about a year ago. She had an older brother who ran the family sandwich shop, with dreams of expanding into Chicago and living in Trump Tower. She talked with such love about them, told stories that so reminded him of his own family. His mother, who bless her heart had raised three boys and two girls on her own, his father having run off with another woman when he was but one. His oldest sister only seven at the time.
They had so much in common he and Olivia. She had a cat and a dog. He owned two dogs and a couple of goats himself. She dreamed of one day traveling the world, in his youth, he had experienced the world, something he would love to show her.
Yes, he could see a future with Olivia Mozatis. If only he could convince her of that.
Chapter 7



Olivia didn't go back to work. In fact, she'd actually taken the whole day off. She hadn't been feeling well that morning, so she'd called in sick, and once the nausea had subsided, she'd decided to go into town and start the hunt for nursery items. Just last night she'd made the decision to turn the bedroom across the hall from hers into a nursery.
Her house was large and had a split bedroom plan of sorts. There were two master suites, identical in size. One at the front of the house off the living room, and the other at the rear of the house, which is where she stayed. She figured the one at the front was probably designed to be an in-law suite, though she currently used it as her home gym.
Because her parents stayed in the apartment above her brother's shop during their visits, there was no need for an in-law suite in her house, and she rather liked the idea of having an attached bath to use once she'd worked up a sweat. So she'd chosen the other master suite as her own. There were two more bedrooms, one across from hers, and one at the end of the hall, as well as another full bath in addition to her own en-suite. Which was perfect for her current situation, as she could have the nursery and the baby nearby.
While in town that afternoon, Olivia had found the perfect nursery room set. A crib, with an attached dresser and changing table in the most beautiful cherry wood finish, with a matching rocking chair. She'd ordered it right away as the store had currently been out of it, and couldn't wait for it to be delivered and set up. She was still amazed at how easily she'd accepted this pregnancy and this child. She'd already bought a couple of baby books online too, a what to expect when you’re expecting, type of book and a large book of baby names.
She had no idea what she'd like to name the baby, she hadn't given any real thought to having children, so she'd never fantasized about what she would name them when she did. Of course, her mother had been calling her at least once a day now since she broke the news, and she was full of all sorts of ideas. None of which Olivia really liked. They were all too old world, or just plain weird. She wanted something fresh, something with meaning, which she hoped to find in her newly purchased book, once it arrived.
She had been thinking particularly hard about a little boy’s name when she'd run into Sebastian. Just the thought of him now made her feel all light headed and giddy. Sitting on the floor in the middle of what would be the nursery, paint samples spread all around her, she sighed deeply. Rowdy looked up at her from where he lay in the doorway, cocked his head, and studied her for a moment before putting his head back onto his forepaws and giving a little doggy snort, descending back into his light slumber. Rowdy took his guard duties very seriously, and never seemed to sleep too deeply.
With a chuckle, Olivia turned back and stared at the walls again, letting her mind drift as she thought about Sebastian. She wondered if he'd call her, thought about where they might go for dinner, candlelight and soft music, the smell of garlic and Italian food. She could picture sitting across from him, laughing as he told some silly joke about growing up in Spain or the time he spent in Cuba, Mexico, and Peru. He was so well traveled. And it was all so romantic.
Her perfect little image shattered though once her stomach rumbled and threatened to pitch. How easily she could forget. Sebastian would never want her knowing she was pregnant, that she even allowed herself to fantasize was a ridiculous notion.
And why now? For the last ten years, Olivia hadn't dated anyone seriously, for the last ten years she had basically remained a monk. Was it the hormones? Was her body so out of sync that it had messed with her common sense? She was a smart, well-educated woman after all, and she knew men like Sebastian, even if he were interested in something more than a quick tumble in the sheets surely he wouldn't be interested in getting involved with a pregnant woman.
Men, in general, didn't find anything appealing about pregnant women, not with their huge bellies, and all the awful stretch marks. Let alone what came after the birth! A crying baby and a ready-made family. What guy in his right mind wanted that? She hadn't asked Sebastian how old he was, but as the first bits of gray were present at his temples, lending that sexy distinguished quality to him, shit, there she went again! she had to stop this! The man must be close to forty, and he'd stayed single this long, so what gave her the idea that he'd have any interest in settling down with a woman and a child that wasn't his?
His words came back to haunt her though, maybe we should settle down together then... Yeah, right, as if he'd meant it. Olivia wasn't stupid, it was just a line, he was just hitting on her. She knew she was a very attractive woman, and she wasn't by any means showing this early in the pregnancy, she still had her fit and toned figure after all. Something she vainly intended to keep. She'd already spoken to Dr. Waterman about whether or not she could continue to exercise and take her self-defense classes. He hadn't seen anything wrong with it since her body was already conditioned for such things.
But that was beside the point, she'd still likely get as big as a house, and be covered in stretch marks. Yeah, she'd bought the best creams and oils she could get; she wasn't taking any of this lightly. She had the money to do this right, and she was doing everything by the book to a T. She didn't think she'd get through this unscathed, though.
So how would Sebastian feel once her taut little tummy started to expand? She could probably get away with dating him for another three or four months before anything looked amiss, but was that fair? What if she fell in love with him by then? She could see it already, the way he'd looked at her, and how it had felt to have his hands on her, even in the most innocent of ways.
She could fall for Sebastian, fast and hard.
Was that fair to her? She didn't think so. And while she'd like to think Sebastian could fall in love with her as well, it wouldn't be fair to him either. To begin their relationship on a lie like this, to hide something so fundamental as a pregnancy. He would likely be crushed afterward if he did indeed fall for her. Or maybe just plain angry and disgusted.
Olivia needed to stop deluding herself. Sebastian was a very virile man. Tall, dark, and handsome certainly didn't do him justice. He was so beyond handsome, and to even think a man of his stature was interested in anything other than sex was simply idiotic. Sex, of course, being something Olivia had absolutely no interest in herself. Not after the rape. She wasn't sure she'd be able to bear it. True, it had felt good to be touched by Sebastian, but what would she think of during sex? Would she remember the rape?  She was too afraid to even consider it.
Besides, Olivia hadn't had sex, with a man that is, her vibrator didn't count she thought, chuckling to herself, since Roderick. Ten years. Olivia hadn't had sex in ten years. She often wondered if that was why she had been targeted. Had he been following her, stalking her for some time? Did he know about her past? The police had been convinced he probably worked with her in some capacity, something that still gave Olivia the creeps, especially now that she was pregnant. Did her attacker know she was pregnant?
Had she looked him in the eyes, smiled and told him she was having a baby? She got the chills just thinking about it. She wouldn't go down that road. Everyone at work had been told she was pregnant, and that she was excited about starting her own little family. They were bound to speculate about the father of the baby, she'd already heard some of the rumors herself, but she'd declined to talk about it. She'd told anyone curious enough to ask that the father wasn't in the picture, and that was that.
Had her attacker heard that? Had he done the math and realized that the baby was most likely his?
She shook her head, she didn't want to think about this, there was no reason to dwell on it. It wasn't likely that he'd come forward and try to claim any of his parental rights, isn't what Detective Ramsey had said when she told her about the baby? Because he'd raped her, and so brutally at that, because he'd nearly killed her, he was looking at life behind bars, no way he'd be stupid enough after getting away with it like he had to come forward and claim the very child that would put the nail in his coffin.
She had nothing to worry about. She just needed to let it go. Olivia wasn't the type of person that dwelt on the past, her life was proof of that. Her success was proof of that. Wasn't it? For just a moment, though, Olivia allowed herself to remember, to think about another time that had almost ruined her. She hadn't given any thought to Roderick in years. But for just a second, she remembered what it had felt like to be in love. And the anguish she'd gone through when he'd betrayed her.
Roderick was well on his way to becoming a partner when Olivia joined the agency. She was just eighteen, and so vulnerable. Roderick was thirty-one, and he was married. He flirted shamelessly with Olivia, and because he was so attractive, she'd let him. She knew he was married, he and his wife had two beautiful children to boot. Two little tow-haired boys, twins. Little boys that looked so much like their father with their blonde hair and green eyes. Roderick really was stunning to look at. And he was a brilliant man as well.
Which was probably why Olivia had fallen so hard for him. She tried to stop herself. She had no intention of getting involved with a married man. And hadn't she heard that the last receptionist had been fired for fraternizing with one of the managers? At least, that's what the rumor was. Olivia thought it sounded a little fishy, though, why wouldn't they fire the manager as well? Why was it okay for a manager to sleep with the receptionist, when it wasn't okay for her to sleep with a manager?
At the time, she thought maybe the girl who had told her that, a frumpy mail room clerk, might have just been jealous. It was no secret after all that most of the women in the agency found Roderick attractive, and since Olivia's arrival, he'd seemed to turn all of his attention on her. The full wattage of which was quite staggering. And despite the fact that he'd charmed her, that she was completely smitten with him, and who wouldn't be? he seemed the ideal father, and clearly produced perfect progeny, he was a devoted husband as well, even if a little flirtatious, and a very successful businessman.
He was exactly the type of man that every woman wanted to marry for herself. And although he was flirtatious with Olivia, he'd never actually made a pass at her. Or any of the women at the office to her knowledge. After working there for nearly a year though, something changed.
Olivia could remember that day precisely.
She'd had an important note to give to Roderick, and when she'd walked into his office, knocking on the partially closed door and waiting a couple of seconds before entering when he didn't respond, thinking she'd just leave it on his desk, she'd seen him. He was sitting at his desk, head in his hands, his body shaking and heaving as he sobbed.
Olivia had closed the door behind her, and immediately forgot herself, however inappropriate it was, she went to him, and she put her arms around him.
“Roderick, what's wrong?” She'd asked.
He hadn't answered right away, had just half laid there on his desk crying, unashamed of his tears. Finally, he'd sat up, took the tissue Olivia held out to him, and tried gallantly to smile.
“She's leaving me, Olivia.”
Olivia cocked her head to the side, she didn't understand. “Who's leaving you?”
Big fat tears slid down his cheeks. He sniffed. Patted Olivia on the shoulder, and tossed the tissue in the garbage.
“My wife is leaving me, Olivia.” He said with a little more resolve.
She was so out of her element then. Olivia had no idea what to do. She had instantly realized just how inappropriate her being in his office was, hearing him talk about the dissolution of his marriage. She had feelings for this man, strong feelings, and yet, there could never be anything between them. She had backed away then, her eyes wide, her heart thumping loudly.
Roderick caught her by the wrist though, pulled her against him, and pillowing his face in her breasts, he began to sob again. She nearly panicked. Olivia had no idea what she was supposed to do. What was the etiquette for something like this? Instead of fleeing like she'd want to though, she found herself stroking his back, whispering soothing words until his tears abated.
“Oh gosh,” he said with one of those deadly grins on his face, quickly frowning as though he were truly embarrassed, “I'm so sorry Olivia, I shouldn't have unburdened myself on you like this.” He let her go, wiped the sleeve of his shirt across his face and eyes, straightened his tie. “Was there something you needed?” He then asked once he'd regained most of his composure.
Olivia shook her head, dumbfounded by what had just happened. In the blink of an eye, he'd gone from hysterical, to calm and rational. That should have been the only red flag she'd needed, but his tears, tears that had appeared so genuine, had blindsided her.
“I had a note to give you, from one of the clients. But it isn't important, not really. You probably need to be alone right now. I should go.” She started to walk towards the door, saw the strained look on his face, how his fabulous mouth was turned down, and his eyes seemed to plead with her. She stopped “Is there, maybe someone I could call for you?”
“No,” he replied hoarsely. “I'll be okay. I guess I just need, I need some time.”
With a nod, Olivia started forward again.
“Olivia.”
His words, the sad tone of his voice had her turning at the door.
“You won't tell anyone, will you? About what happened in here? I'd be so embarrassed.”
She smiled, “of course not.”
“Thank you.”
Over the next few weeks, Roderick's mood seem to dip and soar at the same time. He was up, and then he was down. Usually, the latter was when he and Olivia were alone. Which should have been yet another thing to set off little alarm bells in her head. But she figured he was just comfortable enough with her to show her his true feelings.
She didn't see it coming however when he stopped by her desk one day to ask her to dinner. He told her he just needed someone to talk to. That his wife had kicked him out of the house, he couldn't see his children, and the shrink he was talking to just wasn't any help. Nobody understood what he was going through, he could really use a friend, and wouldn't she agree to have dinner with him?
Reluctantly, she had agreed.
He'd picked her up that night and driven her back to his place, a townhouse he said he was renting until the divorce was settled. And while he cooked dinner for her, a meal fit for a king and unlike anything she'd ever eaten before, while he'd plied her wine, an expensive label she was sure, he told her how his beautiful wife, an accomplished playwright, was cheating on him with one of the actors from her plays.
“We haven't had sex in over a year.” He admitted with a wry frown.
Olivia had blushed, as much embarrassed as she was sympathetic towards his plight. She couldn't imagine what it was like, being married to someone for over a decade, someone you loved, someone you had children with, only to find out they were cheating on you, and planning to leave you for their lover.
He told her how he'd been kicked out, and denied visitation rights to his children.
“She said she didn't love me anymore.” He had sounded so sincere, so hurt, when he'd said that one pitiful line. And God, Olivia had believed him.
All through dinner she'd sat and listened to his tale of woe. Watched as those sorrowful emotions crossed his handsome face, and believed every lie he told her.
She wasn't even surprised later as they were sitting on the couch when he reached forward and tucked a strand of hair behind her ears, letting his hand skim her face afterward. Her lips had parted, a puff of air escaping as she gasped, just before he leaned into her and kissed her.
He apologized quickly for his lapse in judgment. “Gosh Olivia, I'm so sorry.” He choked, “I guess I just got lost in the moment.”
“It's okay,” she had assured him, touching her fingers to her lips in wonderment. Olivia was no virgin, but she'd never been kissed that way, by a real man.
“No, it's not.” He had replied sternly, turning away from her. “I shouldn't have taken advantage of you like that. Here I am, blabbering about how my life is falling apart, and you've been so good to me. You're such a great listener, not like my wife. She never listened to me, never cared what I thought.”
Olivia put a hand on his arm, her heart aching for him. “It's okay.”
He looked deep into her eyes, “are you sure?”
“Yes. Whatever I can do to help.”
Then he kissed her again. He took her to his bed, and there he made love to her for the rest of the night. He did things to her body that she hadn't known were possible, made her feel things she didn't know she was capable of.
And that's how their affair began. She would meet him at his townhouse after dinner time, because he said he often entertained clients and couldn't get out of it. And they would make love, and then she would go home. He didn't want anyone to see her there after all, but as she had a roommate, he couldn't come to her place. The divorce wasn't finalized, and he had to go to family court to fight for shared custody of his children.
He didn't want anyone to know about her until it was all over, in case his bitch of an ex could use it against him in any way. Not to mention their jobs, nobody would understand. But when this was over, when he was legally a free man, he was going to marry her, he'd already proposed, promising to buy her the most beautiful ring, and she would quit her job, bear him more children, and take care of the big house he was going to buy for them.
She'd believed it all. Foolishly, she'd believed it all.
So imagine her surprise when she was called into Mr. Seaward's office one day, and sitting at the desk in front of him was Roderick's wife.
“I know you've been seeing my husband.” She'd said coldly. Her brown eyes shooting sparks as she looked Olivia up and down.
“Now now, Kathleen.” Arthur had cut in. “We talked about this.”
Kathleen stood, straightened her shoulders, and tried on a smile instead. She really was a beautiful woman, though some would have said she couldn't hold a candle to Olivia's more exotic looks.
Olivia had just stood there, stunned. She didn't know what to say, what to even think. “He, he told me...” she had tried, stuttering.
“I know all of the lies he's told you, Olivia.” Her voice was soft, but it still held a little of her earlier bite to it, and as she spoke, Olivia could hear her own heart breaking. “We're not getting a divorce Olivia, and I'm not cheating on him with another man.”
“But... but...” she had continued to stammer, tears welling up in her eyes, burning as she tried to keep them at bay.
Arthur had come forward then, taking her in his arms. “Kathleen,” he said again, over the top of Olivia's head.
“This isn't your fault Olivia,” the other woman finally said with a sigh. Her anger dissipating. “My husband is a compulsive liar. He's been having these affairs for years, only, he's never seduced anyone at the office, and certainly not someone quite so... young.”
Olivia tried to hold her head up high, despite her best efforts she was crying now. Arthur lent her his strength, his hands on her shoulders, as she listened to Roderick's wife detail all of his indiscretions. She wondered how this woman could stay married to such a monster, but by the end of it, it was clear. She did it for their children.
She would have left Roderick long ago had it not been for their boys. As it was, Roderick had told the truth in that they were no longer sleeping together, they didn't even share a room anymore. And Kathleen admitted that she had taken to turning a blind eye to his affairs as of late. But when she found out about Olivia, realized just how young she was, she couldn't help herself, she had to put a stop to it before it ruined Olivia's life.
Too late.
Olivia had fallen for his charms, for his lies, for him.
Her heart had been broken. Her first love had betrayed her so immensely; she wasn't sure how she'd recover. She thanked Kathleen though, for, without her honesty, she probably wouldn't have known for some time, and she couldn't imagine the consequences.
What if she'd gotten pregnant by Roderick? They'd been talking about having a family of their own for quite some time now.
And she thanked Arthur as well, he could have fired her for this. Yet, he was so kind to her. She was like family he said, and he wouldn't see his own children preyed upon this way, so how could he sit by and watch a bastard like Roderick destroy an innocent woman he cared so much about?
Roderick was forced to resign.
She never spoke to him, or his wife again. And she'd been the talk of the office for nearly a year afterward. Everyone had an opinion, everyone wanted to speculate. Of course, when Arthur finally promoted her to his personal assistant, as much to get her away from the rest of the staff as because of her talents and work ethic, the rumor mill churned up a notch.
It was a long time before people moved on and forgot about what had happened. And by then Olivia had been dubbed the Ice Queen, for she'd had to develop a thick skin to deal with the constant ridicule. To be able to continue her climb up the corporate ladder and put the past behind her. She hadn't allowed herself the pleasure of getting to know a man since then. Didn't have the time, or simply the desire.
Until now.
And now it was too late.

He'd heard that Olivia hadn't made it to work today. Alley, the air-headed receptionist didn't know why, just that she wasn't coming in. He wondered if she was suffering from morning sickness. Perhaps his child was like him, strong willed, and already causing its mother grief. The thought made him chuckle as he drove through town on his lunch break.
And then he'd spotted her.
She was dressed for work in silk slacks and a billowy blouse, and coming out of a Chinese restaurant with some man he didn't recognize. She batted her eyelashes, looked down at the ground for a second, then with a smile, reached out and touched the man. The beast stirred a little as he watched the exchange. If only he could hear what they were saying. After another minute Olivia reached into her pocket and handed the man what looked to be a business card.
A prospective client then.
Likely a business meeting, she had them all the time outside of work. But the man was too handsome by far. He'd have to keep an eye on the situation. As it was, he'd hadn't been by her house again since the last time, when he'd had to cut the barbed wire. He'd been too busy planning, looking at houses for them.
He skipped lunch, followed her home instead. At a safe distance, of course, he couldn't let her make him. Now wasn't the time. He watched her pull up to the gate, could see her lifting a remote and pointing it toward the gate. There was a blur of movement on the other side. What the hell was that? It streaked back and forth. He grabbed his binoculars, a dog! She had a damn dog! A fucking Doberman Pinscher! He'd just bet it was a trained attack dog too! Fuck!
The beast was in a rage now. Didn't she know he fucking hated dogs? Hadn't he told her he had been attacked by a Rottweiler and that's how he'd gotten the scar on his eyebrow? Barely escaped with his life he had! How insensitive of her! What a bitch! He took a deep breath, he had to calm down. It was just a dog. He could deal with this. There was no reason for the beast to get upset. It was just a dog. He'd have to think carefully about it though, make it look like an accident.
He loved Olivia, and she loved him, surely she wouldn't be too upset over giving up the dog she'd only had for a little over a week.
A fly in the ointment, that's all.
Chapter 8



It was Friday night. Sebastian sat at his desk after he finished up his charts. Twirling Olivia's business card in his hands, he wondered if he should call her. Hadn't she told him to? He'd been so excited when she'd handed him this card and suggested he'd call her for dinner over the weekend. But now, now that'd he'd had time to think about it, he wasn't so sure it was such a good idea.
She had seemed so hesitant, and he wondered why, for the rest of that day, and every day since he'd wondered why. Would she tell him if he asked again? And just what could be so complicated? She was a beautiful single woman, and he was a good looking single guy. Nothing about that stood out as overly complicated to him. He'd done a little background on her and the company she worked for, had heard the rumblings about expansion. Was that it? Did she think she was too busy to get involved with someone? Was she maybe planning to head up one of the expansion offices in another state?
He could certainly understand those scenarios, but neither of them sounded too 'complicated' to him. If it wasn't a man in her life, what could it possibly be? His curiosity finally getting the better of him, he reached for the phone and dialed her office number. It went straight to voicemail. Looking at the clock he realized it was already after seven, they probably closed at five. So he tried her cell phone. She picked up on the third ring.
“Hello?”
“Olivia,” he grinned, knowing she couldn't see the redness of his cheeks through the phone line. “It's Sebastian.”
“Hi, Sebastian. Are you calling to cash in on my offer?”
He laughed, she really was an amazing woman after all. “Maybe.”
Her own smoky chuckle filled the line, rubbed against his already raw nerve endings with its silky smooth texture. Little ripples of pleasure ran along his spine. God, what this woman did to him.
“Actually, I wanted to ask you if we could do lunch instead of dinner?”
There was a pause, as if she were taking a moment to consider that. “Why Sebastian, are you putting me in the friend zone? Asking me to lunch instead of that romantic candle light dinner I had in mind? Such a disappointment.” She joked, her voice tinged in a teasing lilt of humor.
Oh, he was in trouble alright. A woman after his own heart, and damn it, he was determined to give it to her too!
“What would you say to a romantic picnic instead? There's this lovely park I know of where we could be alone for a little while. I could still bring the candles and the wine if you prefer...”
She laughed in earnest now, “a picnic sounds great, but let’s forgo the wine, maybe the candles too. I wouldn't want to get drunk and start a fire.”
“You got it. Give me your address, I'll pick you up at noon.”
She was silent now. For a second he thought she might have hung up. After what felt like an eternity though, she finally rattled off her address, told him she was looking forward to tomorrow, and they said their goodbyes.
A woman after his own heart indeed.

Olivia was nervous. After taking off midweek and running into Sebastian, which had provoked their impromptu lunch date, Olivia had thought of nothing else. She'd spent the next two days at work thinking about Sebastian. Wondering if he'd call. And then chastising herself for having given him her card at all.
Not only had she not been interested in dating even before being raped, she'd certainly had no interest in getting involved with someone after the fact. Her therapist and likely her rape crisis counselor would both probably tell her it was too soon. She wasn't ready for this. Deep down she knew that. But there was something about Sebastian. She couldn't put her finger on it, but there was definitely something there. And she knew he felt it too.
Was she crazy to attempt this, though? She'd already deduced that entering into any kind of relationship with this man wasn't fair to either of them, so what the hell was she doing accepting an invitation to go on a date with this man? It had to be her hormones speaking! Maybe she just needed to get laid.
Another thing she should be discussing with her many counselors. Sexual desire after a rape certainly wasn't unheard of, but how soon was too soon? Of course, it wasn't like she even remembered being raped. She didn't remember any of it, which was both a blessing and a curse she supposed. When those memories came back, and her counselors were certain they would at some point, how much would she remember?
Rowdy whined then, lifting his head from her lap, and nuzzling her hand with his nose. Smiling as she looked down at him, she obliged, catching a glimpse of the time from the watch on her wrist. God, was it really already almost noon?
Olivia scooted off the couch, Rowdy jumping down to pad along behind her as she went into the bathroom to check her reflection in the mirror for the umpteenth time. She looked good. No, she looked damn good. With her hair tied back loosely in a ponytail, a few strands falling here and there, she looked much younger than her thirty years. Her makeup was minimal, and her clothes casual. A pair of mid-thigh length white shorts and a tank top that advertised her favorite Chicago Sports team.
She thought she looked pretty, but it didn't appear that she was trying too hard either.
The buzzer on the intercom near the door sounded then.
Olivia made her way over to the monitor, where she saw a big silver pickup on the screen, Sebastian leaning out of the window of the truck with a big smile on his face as he waved into the little camera near the keypad at the gate. Repressing a smile of her own, Olivia punched a button on her end of the keypad and the gates opened to admit him.
It was a few more minutes before there was a knock at the door.
Before opening it, she looked to Rowdy, who as of yet hadn't even barked at this point, having been trained for the most part to be silent, and commanded him in German to sit and stay. Then she pulled open the front door to a smiling and devastatingly handsome Sebastian, who stood before her holding a bouquet of daisies in various colors. Though the gesture should have made her swoon, something about it struck a nerve.
Olivia found herself backing away from him in a hurry, the sensors in her brain obviously misfiring since there was nothing even remotely sinister about a bouquet of beautiful flowers. Rowdy sensed her discomfort and immediately stepped between the two of them. His lips rising in a fierce growl.
“Olivia?” Sebastian called, hesitating there on the threshold. He could see that the color had completely drained from her face, and the doctor in him wanted to rush to her side, but his common sense had him slowly backing up a step as the snarling dog continued to advance upon him. “Olivia?” He said more forcefully. “Olivia, are you okay?” Vicious dog be damned; he wasn't about to just walk away.
Olivia blinked a couple of times, shook her head, got hold of her senses, and finally realized just how close Rowdy was to making mincemeat of a man she was most interested in. “Rowdy,” she yelped. The dog ignored her though. Suddenly remembering his training, she commanded him in German again to heel. With one final snap in Sebastian's direction, he turned to look at her and then sauntered back over to her side where he sat at her feet, looking up at her for his next instructions.
Sebastian gave a loud audible sigh, “for a second there, I thought I was going to be dog chow.”
Olivia tried to laugh it off, she really had no idea what had come over her just then, and grabbing hold of Rowdy's collar she began dragging him backward as she motioned for Sebastian to come in. Rowdy was hesitant at first, but when she gave him the command to go and lie down, he did as ordered and took up his usual position on the couch, his eyes still trained on the intruder.
Sebastian handed her the flowers, rubbing his hands against his thighs in a nervous gesture while he gave the place a quick once-over. Modestly decorated he thought, classic, like her. His gaze eventually landed on the dog, who was boring a hole into him with those intense brown eyes as they both waited for Olivia to return from the kitchen where she had disappeared to put the flowers in a vase.
“Nice place you got here,” he murmured nervously, his eyes never leaving Rowdy, as she came back into the room, placing the flowers on the coffee table.
“Thanks.” She answered with a smile.
“So uh, what's with Cujo there?” He asked after a lull in the conversation.
Olivia wasn't nearly as ready as she'd hoped she'd be to talk to him about her attack, the rape, and the baby. She was a little out of her depth here and not sure how to tell him exactly why she lived in a well-guarded fortress with a trained attack dog.
“What do you mean?” she laughed instead.
Sebastian bit his lip, the gesture, though probably due to his nerves, was sexy nonetheless. And the breath caught in her lungs as she waited for him to reply.
“Forget about it.” He finally said, turning towards the door. “You ready to hit the road?”
“Sure,” she nodded, grabbing her purse and telling Rowdy to head outside.
Jumping down from the couch, Rowdy inserted himself between them, following her outside and waiting for her to set the alarm before closing and locking the door. He then kept the distance between them while they walked towards Sebastian truck. Stopping just before she reached the door, she sighed and turned to Sebastian.
“I need to do something before we leave.” She told him, remembering what the K9 instructor had told her about introducing Rowdy to new people if she wanted him to regard them as friends rather than intruders.
“Okay, what's that?”
“You need to be properly introduced to Rowdy, you know, so we don't have this little problem in the future.”
His smile was pensive, but he nodded just the same.
She walked to Sebastian's side and commanded Rowdy to sit at her feet. Then she made the introductions. It felt strange telling a dog to meet someone, and even stranger to ask a grown man to kneel down and introduce himself to her dog. But Sebastian was a good sport, and after a few tentative seconds, he was able to reach out and pet Rowdy.
“That was a little weird.” He remarked once they were on the road.
“Yeah, I um, I'm sorry about that. It was pretty uncomfortable for me too.”
“Why the fortress Olivia? The gate I understand, but the walls? The barbed wire? The trained attack dog? Are you in some kind of trouble?”
“N-no...” she stammered, trying to laugh at how ridiculous all of that sounded when she heard someone else say it. “I just like my privacy.”
Sebastian was silent for a minute before finally placing a hand on her thigh and smiling over at her. “I guess I can understand that. My house is pretty secluded too. But the attack dog? Really?” His face kind of scrunched up when he said that last bit, his voice raising an octave. It made Olivia giggle.
“I might have gone a little bit overboard I guess, but I love Rowdy, he's like family.”
They fell into a companionable silence after that, the drive only lasting about twenty minutes before they pulled up to a park just outside of town. Lake Etta County Park was a beautiful mixture of open field and shaded lakeside, with a cute pavilion area that many a blushing bride had stood under and said I do.
Sebastian grabbed a large picnic basket out of the back seat of the cab and jumped down from the truck, hurrying over to help Olivia out as well. As she nearly collided with him, losing her balance there a little while stepping down, Olivia got her first good look at him since he'd shown up at her door and almost been mauled by Rowdy.
He was casually dressed in a nice pair of chinos and a white collared shirt, a little like a golfer, his thick black hair seemed to float in the breeze, lending him a sexy windswept quality, and his yellow-brown eyes had darkened to a deep Hazel in the light of the sun. There were dimples in his cheeks that she hadn't noticed before, and being in such close proximity to him, she could smell his aftershave and the woodsy aroma of his cologne.
Gulping, she took the hand he offered her and followed him over to a spot under a big oak tree that was in full bloom where he released his hold on her and pulled a big green and black checkered blanket from the basket, quickly unfolding it and laying it out on the ground. Helping her to sit down, Olivia could swear she felt a bolt of electricity pass between them, but if he had felt it as well, he gave her no indication, sitting down beside her and leafing through the remaining contents of the basket.
He pulled out a container of what appeared to be fried chicken, a bowl of cucumber and tomato salad, another of strawberries and a couple of bottles of water. Then he handed her a paper plate, and a fork.
“Dig in.” He announced cheerfully.
“Wow,” she said, more than just a little impressed. “Did you make all this yourself?”
He nodded, grabbing a drumstick and scooping some of the salad onto his plate. “Fried the chicken myself this morning, and the rest is from my garden. All except the cookies, I bought those.”
“Cookies?” She inquired, raising a brow as she peered into the basket.
“MmmHmm. Chocolate chip.”
Getting over the last of her nerves as she watched him take the first bite of his chicken, Olivia helped herself to a couple of wings and a large helping of the salad. “Wait, did you say you have a garden?” She asked popping a tomato into her mouth.
“I did. My job might be a little demanding, maybe it's not a nine to five, and I might be on call more often than not, but that doesn't mean I can't find the time to do a little gardening.”
“I guess I just never pictured you pulling weeds and tending to vegetables.”
He laughed, then picked up a strawberry and took a slow bite. Her mouth watered watching him. “We traveled a lot in my youth, but we weren't wealthy, not with five of us kids, so more often than not, we grew a lot of what we ate.”
“Wow. I would never have thought that. You seem so...”
“So what?”
“Sophisticated.”
There was that laughter again, his dimples creasing his cheeks, his eyes flashing. Olivia had been afraid of this. And she had been right to be. Here with him, the park, the sunshine, the picnic, and the easy conversation. She was falling for him a lot quicker than she thought possible.
“I've lived in a lot of places, and I went to some of the best colleges, scholarships,” he impressed upon her as he continued. “So yeah, maybe having lived the kind of life I have, I could understand how I might appear to be, 'sophisticated' as you put it, but I find that a little gardening can be quite relaxing. It's good for the soul as my mother would have put it.”
“Your mother sounds like an incredible woman.”
“She is. And she'd love to hear you say that. You'll have to meet her next time she visits.”
Olivia's heart began to thunder beneath her breast. He wanted her to meet his mother. Oh God, she was sunk.
“I think I'd like that.” She heard herself say, blushing now.
After they'd finished their lunch, and he'd fed her several strawberries, even convincing her to lay her head in his lap while he did it, they remained that way. He leaned back, steadying himself with his hands braced behind him, while they looked at the clouds above them. Puffy little shapes floating by. It was all so romantic. He'd been so right in suggesting a picnic in the park rather than a dinner in a darkened restaurant.
Rolling over onto her knees, she sat up, faced him, laid her hand on his thigh. “Tell me more about your family Sebastian.”
“Alright.” He obliged, straightening himself up on the blanket and taking her hand in his, massaging it. “I have, had, three older sisters. Francesca, the oldest, she lives in Puerto Rico. Tatiana, she lives in California, where she's a stay at home mother of two rowdy boys. Leila, the youngest, passed away many years ago, she was only twenty-five.”
“Oh gosh, I'm so sorry to hear that.” She interrupted, seeing the pain in his eyes, and giving his hand a little squeeze.
He nodded, but he didn't expand on it. “And of course, there's my older brother Rafe, he lives with my mother in Mexico, where he works in real estate.”
“And your father?”
He shrugged, “we don't really talk about it, he uh, he took off when I was just a little boy.”
“Oh.” She said, quickly changing the subject, “I bet it was so much fun growing up in such a big family.”
“It was.” He joked, lighthearted again, going off on a tangent about the time his mother almost had a heart attack when a ten-year-old Rafe had attempted to run away.
There was so much joy, and love when talked about his family. It really cemented her feelings for him. And while she was nearly choked up with emotion over his tale, she ended up sharing a few of her own childhood memories as well.
It wasn't until much later, as the sun began to fall behind the horizon, and the sky was awash in color, that the conversation turned in a more serious direction.
“Olivia?”
“Yes?” She smiled sweetly, though he couldn't see it with her head perched on his shoulder.
“Can I ask you something?”
She turned to face him, a hand where her head had lain, and her heart galloped like a herd of wild horses, she had feared this moment might come, and she was nowhere near prepared for it. “Sure.” She gulped.
“Tell me your deepest darkest secret.” He remarked in a hoarse whisper, his fingers tapping together in a sinister motion as he smiled wickedly.
Caught off guard, she tried to smile, her words all but stumbling over themselves. “My, my what?”
And yet he laughed at her, earning an elbow in the ribs. “Oaf.” He groaned, sitting up now. “Okay, okay, sorry. But seriously, tell me something you wouldn't want me to know.”
Running her tongue along her teeth as she watched the curious expression on his face, Olivia decided to throw him a bone.
“Alright. My last relationship was ten years ago.”
“No shit?”
“No shit,” she laughed, unable to contain herself, but trying her best to be serious. “Ten years ago.”
“Why so long?”
“Why so curious? When was your last relationship?”
“Touché. Okay, a year ago. A nurse at the hospital where I do my rounds. But she was too vain, and we had nothing in common.”
Olivia's brows rose in surprise, she hadn't expected that, but then, maybe she should have, he'd been so forthcoming this entire time.
“So what was wrong with this guy? I mean, it had to be something pretty big to keep you off the market this long. Or was that a career decision?”
“A little of both.”
“Care to elaborate?”
“Only if you promise not to judge me.”
He pulled her hand to his mouth, pressed a light kiss to the inside of her wrist, “I promise.” He said with a smile as his eyes met hers.
Her heart did a little flip-flop. The delicious heat of his mouth caused goosebumps to erupt all over her body. He laughed and rubbed at her arms until they disappeared.
“For the last ten years I've been focusing on my career, I started as a receptionist, and now I'm a partner.”
“You're to be commended for that.”
He was still touching her, his fingers lightly kneading her arms, up and down, from shoulder to fingertip. She had to force herself to focus on her breathing and not what his hands were doing to her.
“I was young when I went to work for Mr. Seaward. He was a friend of my fathers. And he's been an amazing mentor to me.”
“And the man that broke your heart?” He prodded gently, never taking his hands off her.
“He was my manager. And he was married.” There, she'd said it. And though he paused for a moment, Sebastian didn't pull away. Instead, he pulled her against him, started rubbing her shoulders.
“Go on.” He said after another moment. His hands working miracles on the kinks that had been plaguing her for so long. The stress and the tension melting away under his magical touch.
“I was barely even twenty, and I'd had the hugest crush on him, but he was such gentleman to me. Maybe he flirted a little, but he hadn't made a pass at me, and he seemed like such a good husband, a good father.”
“So he was quite a bit older than you then?”
“Yes,” she admitted shamefully. “He was almost twelve years older than me. And he had me snowed.”
“What did he do to you, Olivia?” He asked with soft concern, pressing a kiss to the nape of her neck, sending tiny eruptions of pleasure along her nerve endings.
She sighed contentedly, leaned into him. “He told me one day that his wife was leaving him, that she'd been cheating on him and was kicking him out of their home. He was crying, and it seemed so real, so honest. Everything kind of went downhill from there. He proposed to me a few months later, told me we'd get married when the divorce was final.”
“But they were never getting divorced, were they?”
“No,” she whispered, remembering it all so clearly, as she had the other day. “His wife confronted me about it, she made me see him for the liar that he was. She convinced me that it wasn't my fault. He was forced to resign from the company, and I never saw either of the again.”
He turned her to face him then, laid a hand on either side of her face. “You do know that it wasn't your fault Olivia, don't you?”
She nodded, “yes.”
“You can't blame yourself for that. Any of it. Some people can be very convincing liars Olivia, they call them con-artists.”
“I know that now of course, but back then, back then I blamed myself for being so foolish. There were so many red flags you know.”
She fought to hold back the tears, but he saw them, swiped at the moisture for her gently with his thumbs, and then he leaned forward and kissed each of her eyelids, and the bridge of her nose, where he paused, one hand dropping as he used the index finger of the other to slide it gently over the bump he found there.
“What happened to your nose?”
She winced, and smiled in an attempt to distract him as she grabbed his hand and held it tightly in her own. “I said I was a little clumsy too, remember?”
He looked at her a little skeptically, clearly not buying that excuse, but instead of prodding her any further, he leaned back on his hands again and studied her. “You're so beautiful, Olivia.” He said, watching her tuck a strand of hair that was blowing in the wind behind one ear.
She turned her head bashfully and blushed.
With a laugh, he caught her chin in his hand and pulled her back to him, caressing her chin as he looked deeply into her eyes. “I guess we should be going huh?” He said when she thought he'd lean forward and kiss her.
Damn. She had hoped he would. He'd been hinting at it all this time. His lips lighting on this body part or that, but never meeting her own. It was frustrating, and she was surprised by just how much she'd wanted to kiss him. How much she longed for the taste of him. But he was right, it was getting late, it was almost twilight now, the first couple of stars were visible in the darkening sky. What a backdrop, though!
She helped him pack everything back up into the basket, and as he reached for the edge of the blanket, the overwhelming urge to know what it would be like to kiss him, to feel his body pressed to hers, finally got the better of her.
“Sebastian.” She called out.
“Hmm?” He said turning to face her.
“Will you kiss me?”
Chapter 9



No sooner had the words left her mouth, did Sebastian drop the corner of fabric he was holding and scoop her up into his arms. Sitting with her half in his lap, he wrapped one arm completely around her and braced the back of her head with the other.
“Olivia.” He gasped, at once lowering his mouth to hers.
His lips were tentative as first, and feather light as they pressed gently against her own. She was all but crushed against him, could feel the heat of his powerful body singe her through the thin fabric of her tank top. The hardness of his muscular chest almost painfully pressed into her breasts.
But rather than cry out, she melted in ecstasy, glorying in the sensation of being so close to him. She moaned as the kiss turned more fervent, his tongue sliding between her lips to explore the depths of her mouth, taste the sweetness of her breath. His hand fisted in her hair, the strands like silk in his grasp. Pulling her fully into his lap, he began to lower her, until he was almost on top of her, his hand the only thing separating her head from the ground beneath.
And still, he took the kiss further. His tongue lashed out at her own, twisting and twirling, until he captured it, sucking it into a kind of submission. Running his free hand along the length of her body, Sebastian groaned, his hardening shaft rubbing up against her hip as he squeezed and kneaded the soft flesh of her bare thighs, toying with the hem of her shorts.
Olivia's mind was in a fog as she fought a battle against her body. A fever that raged wildly out of control, flaring at every touch, every caress as he sought out every inch of skin, searing it, branding it with the heat of his desire and passion.
“Olivia.” He murmured against her neck, pressing his mouth to the hollow of her throat, flicking his tongue at her earlobe, catching it between his teeth and nibbling. Olivia arched beneath him, floating on cloud nine, the two of them completely oblivious as to their surroundings. Not that it would have mattered had anyone been watching.
A vibration radiating from Sebastian's pocket finally broke the trance. With his lips still pressed to the delicate skin at the base of her throat, Sebastian reached for the offending object, pulling his cell phone from his pocket and glancing at the screen while he continued to lavish her neck with his mouth.
“Damn.” He groaned between breaths.
“What is it?” Olivia asked huskily, her body still taut and arched like a bow, one hand gripping the back of his shirt, the other massaging his scalp.
Sebastian forced himself away from her, lifting her to her feet as he began to straighten himself out. Olivia felt suddenly bereft. One moment they were nearly making love as twilight fell around them, and the next he was dragging her towards the parking lot.
“It's the hospital.” He explained, tossing the picnic basket into the truck and helping her step up into the passenger seat.
“Oh.”
Once behind the steering wheel himself, Sebastian placed a hand on Olivia's thigh, smiling broadly, “we're not finished you and I.” He told her, rousing a blush out of her. “Just one of the disadvantages of being a doctor I suppose. But we're not finished here Olivia, not by a long shot.”
She nodded, as much because she didn't know what to say as because she was still trying to calm her raging hormones. Her body pulsed with energy, buzzed with the electricity their near love making had created. She bet she could light an entire mausoleum with the electrical current that ran through her body just now.
Sebastian took her home, punching in the code as she instructed at the gate, and pulling her into his arms for one more soul-shattering kiss once they'd pulled alongside the front of her house. Rowdy sat on the porch watching, waiting patiently even. And as much as Sebastian wanted to take what they were doing inside, a patient needed him. Begrudgingly he pulled away from her, their foreheads resting against one another as they attempted to catch their collective breaths.
“What would you say to dinner at my place on Wednesday? I can text you the address later.” He told her, leaning back into his seat and watching the passion of their more recent kiss fade from her expression.
“Your place?”
“Yes. My place. Maybe you'd even consider spending the night?”
“Spending the night?” Olivia's voice was low, far away, as though she were trying the statement out, testing to see how it felt on her lips.
Sebastian nodded towards the porch. “You can even bring Cujo if you want to.”
She finally shook her head, took hold of her rampant desires, “no, no, that's okay, I wouldn't want to confuse him. He's a working dog, he's not a pet.”
“But you'll stay?”
“I didn't say that.”
He laughed, traced a finger along the back of her neck. “Alright, we'll start with dinner, and go from there. Despite what you say, though, you're still welcome to bring the dog, I know he makes you feel safe.”
Olivia smiled softly, turned to him and wrapped her arms around his neck. “You make me feel safe.” She said before crushing his lips in one final, desperate, kiss.
Sebastian moaned, adjusted the fly of his shorts, and feathered a few kisses across her face. “You have to go. Now Olivia. Before it's too late.” He whispered huskily, the smoothness of his voice enveloping her like satin.
Olivia smirked, reached for the handle, opened the door and stepped down into the cool night air. “It's already too late.” She told him, shutting the door behind her and walking up the steps to her house. She didn't bother to turn around and watch him leave.

Sebastian nearly slammed his head down on the steering wheel half an hour later as he pulled into the parking lot of the hospital. He'd always wanted to be a doctor, but right now, he sincerely wished he didn't have any patients. What he would give for an evening alone with Olivia.

For once, Olivia's dreams were filled with love and passion, with images of Sebastian. For once, she slept soundly. For once, there was no menacing voice proclaiming that she belonged to him. She woke with a smile on her face, and a light-heartedness that lasted well into the afternoon.
Olivia spent her morning doing chores around the house, and by early afternoon she was exhausted. She sat on the sofa with Spook to her left, and Rowdy's head planted in her lap while the three of them vegged out on reruns of her favorite sitcoms.
At about four that afternoon, as the heat of the day abated, it was rather warm for early spring yet, Olivia felt a pain ricochet through her lower abdomen. It was a hot searing pain, one that ripped her body in two. The agony of it pitching her forward so that she grasped her knees as she cried out.
She felt the warm oozing liquid seconds later.
But she didn't panic. It had been a long time since she'd felt pain like this, but she had felt it. A condition of her endometriosis. The blood, however, was new, and it scared her. Grabbing her purse, she dialed Dr. Waterman's emergency line on her way out the door. Rowdy struggling to keep up with her as she slammed the door behind her, forgetting to lock it and running for the car.
The baby.
That's all Olivia could think about. The baby. Was she losing the baby?
The bleeding wasn't much, but the pain. God the pain!
Olivia as immediately shown to a room when she got to the hospital as Dr. Waterman had called ahead for her, and would be there any moment. They had her strip down and took her vitals while they waited, going so far as to hook her up to an IV and start pumping fluids into her. Olivia was scared, she was truly panicked by this point. The hospital staff did their best to calm her, but all she could think about was the baby.
Blood was drawn for testing, a urinalysis done as well, and an ultrasound had been performed.
And thankfully, everything was just fine. She'd had a small bout with her endometriosis. There was a lesion on one of her ovaries that had burst, causing both the pain and the mild bleeding. But mother and baby would be just fine.
“Everything's going to be alright now Olivia,” he assured her with a light pat on the back. “You and the baby are going to be just fine. I want you to take it easy for the next few days, though. Make an appointment to come and see me on Tuesday. Okay?”
“Okay.” She answered with a nod.
“Alright, hold tight then, we'll have you out of here and back home soon.”
Olivia took a deep breath, let it out on a long sigh, and placed her hands protectively over her belly. Everything was fine. She and the baby were fine. The bleeding was less than mild. Nothing to worry about.

Olivia was a dutiful patient. She spent all of Monday in bed, and most of Tuesday while she waited for her afternoon appointment with the doctor, arriving just before one o'clock. Because there were three doctors, the office didn't close for lunch, and the staff took lunch breaks in shifts. When she got there, however, the place was empty.
A young nurse came through the doors just as she was flipping through the last couple of pages of a magazine.
“Olivia?” She asked cheerfully.
Olivia nodded, started to stand, the young woman motioned her back down though, stepping in front of her. “Dr. Waterman was called away to the hospital a little while ago.”
“Should I reschedule then?”
She shook her head, her short brown bob swaying from side to side. “I don't know, I was going to go ahead and give him a call real quick, maybe he won't be gone too long.”
Olivia smiled and turned back to the magazine she'd set down when the young nurse disappeared back beyond the doors of the waiting room. Finished with it moments later, she looked around the office, her gaze landing on a set of name plates on the wall.
Doctor Allen Waterman.
Doctor Jasmine Burnett.
Doctor S. Esparza.
Huh. She wondered what the S stood for. Sean maybe? Or Sam? She thought one of the girls back at the office might have mentioned it once, but the memory eluded her.
The nurse, whose name tag read Kassie, reappeared a few minutes later, holding the door open and indicating that Olivia should follow her.
“Dr. Waterman is getting ready to go into surgery, so he's going to be a while, but he asked me to have Dr. Esparza check you out. Is that okay?”
Olivia wasn't sure. She felt comfortable with Dr. Waterman, and she'd never even met Dr. Esparza for that matter. Did she really want another doctor poking around in her charts?
Kassie seemed to sense her hesitation as she took her vitals, “there won't be an exam or anything today, he's just going to ask you a couple of questions. See how you've been feeling since the trip to the hospital.”
“Alright.” She agreed reluctantly, heading into the bathroom to leave a urine sample.
Kassie showed her to an exam room afterward. “Just have a seat there, he'll be in in a minute, and don't worry, Dr. Esparza is one of the best.” She said the last with a big smile on her face, though it did little to put Olivia at ease.
Hopping up onto the exam table, Olivia kicked her legs out in the way that an anxious child might, hoping they weren't going to get a shot. She folded her hands in her lap, checking out her surroundings. She hadn't been in this room yet, it was smaller than some of the other ones, there was a counter and some cabinets across the room, and the requisite doctor's stool along with a couple of other chairs and a stack of magazines. She'd thought about picking one up to pass the time, but blowing out a nervous breath, she focused on a chart on the far wall instead while she waited for Dr. Esparza.

“Dr. Esparza?” A woman's voice called, catching him just before he walked into his office.
Sebastian turned to face her, trying his best to restrain the annoyance he felt. Some days he wished he wasn't a doctor, that he could get just a few minutes to himself without being constantly interrupted.
“Yes, Kassie?” He said with an impatient smile.
She shifted her weight from one foot to the other in a nervous gesture, tapped the file folder she was holding, “do you have a minute to deal with one of Dr. Waterman's patients?”
“Dr. Waterman's patients? Where is Dr. Waterman?”
“Emergency C-section,” she grimaced when he sighed.
“Can't she reschedule?”
Kassie nodded, “I'm sure she could, but I called Dr. Waterman, you know, to see how much longer he would be, and he asked me to have you talk to her.” When Sebastian gave her a disgruntled look, she rushed on before he could get a word in. “It's just a follow-up. She saw Dr. Waterman a couple days ago at the hospital for a bleeding episode due to endometriosis.”
“It's just a follow-up? No exam?”
She shook her head, “no exam.” Kassie reassured him.
“He knows I don't like dealing with his patients,” Sebastian grumbled.
“Yeah, he said you'd say that, but I guess she's kind of a special case.”
“Special?”
Kassie rolled her eyes at Sebastian's tone of voice, then in the next instant, she got serious again. “She was a rape victim.” She said matter of factually, shoving the chart in Sebastian's hands when he looked at her with a renewed sense of interest. It was no secret around the office that Sebastian was a champion for the local rape crisis center, of course, no one knew why. “Anyways,” she continued. “It's all there in her charts, she's in room three.”
Sebastian stood dumbfounded for a moment, staring down the now empty hallway, and holding the chart loosely in one hand. For an instant he thought about his sister Leila, then he shook his head to clear the memories, and started down the hall towards room three.
Dr. Waterman knew all about Leila, which was probably why he'd wanted Sebastian to take a look at this particular patient. He'd talked about her once in passing, never having dealt with a victim of rape himself in all his years, he'd asked Sebastian's opinion on the matter, suggested he might bring him in on the case at some point. Damn him, Sebastian thought to himself. He'd told him he wasn't ready to deal with something like this.
Without even looking at the chart, Sebastian knocked on the door and entered the room. “Alright, Ms...” His words failed him as his gaze collided with the woman sitting on the exam table. “Olivia?” He stuttered.
She was too stunned for a moment to speak herself. But then it all made sense to her.
“Sebastian. Sebastian Esparza.” Olivia murmured, biting her bottom lip. “I guess I should have known.”
“What's that supposed to mean?” He retorted, glaring at her now.
She shook her head, “nothing. I mean, some of the girls at the office are patients of yours.” She paused, watching as he leaned back against the counter and folded his arms over his chest. “The way they described you... and then you'd told me you were a doctor. I guess I should have put two and two together.”
Sebastian straightened himself away from the counter, flipped open her chart, studied it for a moment and then looked up again. There was so much pain in her eyes now.
“You're pregnant?” He asked, trying desperately to hold back the shock that had barreled into his chest like a freight train when he'd read the diagnosis on the chart. Her words from the day they met suddenly so clear now. It's complicated.
“Yes.” Olivia looked down, she couldn't bear the pity she saw there in the depths of his Hazel eyes. “I'm pregnant with my rapist’s baby.”
“Olivia.”
She still didn't look up.
The nurse came in then. Kassie, the one from before. She'd been so nice to her. Olivia tried to smile, though inside she was dying.
“Give us a few more minutes will you?” Sebastian ordered, the nurse nodding and leaving quietly.
Olivia grabbed her purse, hugged it to her. She was still too afraid to look at him.
“Why didn't you tell me, Olivia?” He finally managed.
“I was afraid,” she admitted.
He crossed the room to her, curled his finger under her chin and lifted her gaze to his. “You should have told me.” A single tear slipped down the side of her cheek, Sebastian used his thumb to gently wipe it away, stroking her face afterward. “You should have told me,” he repeated softly.
Backing away from her slowly, giving her a minute to compose herself, he looked over her charts again. Made a few notations, and sat down on the stool next to her.
“Has there been any more bleeding or pain since Sunday night?”
She shook her head. He made a few more notations. Her heart ached now, a dull steady throb. That his demeanor had changed so suddenly hurt her in a way she didn't understand.
“Have you been seeing the rape crisis counselor?”
“Yes.” She croaked, choking on a sob.
He wrote that down too. “Has it been helping?”
Olivia nodded, her voice came out in a whisper when she spoke, “she's been great.”
He smiled at her then. A soft, genuine smile. His dimples creasing his cheeks in the way they did. Her heart melted, and then it cracked. He stood then, placed a hand on her knee, rubbed his thumb along the seam of her jeans.
“I want you to let Dr. Waterman know if you have any more problems. I won't be seeing you again Olivia.” Her eyes widened, her heart nearly snapped in two. “In a professional capacity.” He finished before she could rage into a full on panic.
Olivia's mouth fell open, she started to protest. She didn't understand, what was he saying?
“I'll have to let Dr. Waterman know about our association, and I hope this won't stop you from pursuing a relationship with me.” He left the room before she could answer.
Kassie came in a couple of minutes later, handed her an appointment card, told her Dr. Waterman was anxious to see her again in another week, and that he was sorry he had been called away. Olivia barely heard any of it. Her mind was too distracted. He hoped this wouldn't prevent her from pursuing a relationship with him? Was he serious?
Not only had she kept the truth from him, but she was pregnant with another man's baby! What kind of man wanted anything to do with a woman who could lie? A woman who could hide something so big, so life altering from him?
An amazing man, that's who.

Sebastian locked himself in his office. He paged the receptionist and told her to hold all of his calls. He needed a minute to himself. He needed to sort it all out.
Olivia had been raped.
Olivia was pregnant.
She had been raped!
Memories of another time, another place came rushing at him. He squeezed his eyes shut to staunch the moisture that threatened to spill over.
Olivia had been raped.
Gosh, it all made so much sense now.
The walls around her house, the barbed wire, the state of the art electronic gate and alarm system. The trained attack dog. Had she been attacked in her own house? He remembered the bump he'd felt on her nose, she said she was clumsy, but he'd bet what she'd run into was somebody's fist. He'd beat her, and then he'd raped her.
God, what she must have gone through. He went over her charts, again and again, reading the narrative that Dr. Waterman had left. She'd told him she'd been attacked in January, raped, beaten and left to die.
And now she was pregnant.
It's complicated.
Damn right it was.

Olivia cried on the way home.
Wrapping herself up in her favorite cotton robe, she climbed into bed and curled into a little ball. Spook kneaded the blankets for a few moments and settled herself at the end of the bed, licking her paws. Rowdy whined, his head resting on the mattress.
She couldn't stop crying. Maybe it was the hormones, though she doubted it. She'd told herself in the beginning that it was foolish to get involved with a man like Sebastian. And despite his seemingly careless attitude towards her pregnancy, she knew it changed things.
She wanted to believe that he'd truly meant what he'd said, that he wanted to continue to pursue a relationship with her. But how could he have? How could any man? When this baby was born, not only would it not be his, but it would be a constant reminder of the horrendous attack she'd suffered. Something of this magnitude couldn't possibly be ignored.
No, she needed to accept the fact that Sebastian was just trying to be nice to her. He pitied her, didn't she realize that? Hadn't she seen it there in his eyes? She wouldn't hear from Sebastian again; she was sure of that.
And then her cell phone beeped.
Startled by the noise, Olivia squeaked, causing Rowdy to let out a low rumbling growl before jumping up on the bed and standing guard over her. Olivia laughed a little, the tension she'd been feeling since her appointment slowly beginning to fade. Ruffling Rowdy's ears a little, she reached over and picked her phone up off the bedside table.
It was a text. From Sebastian.
One simple sentence, followed by an address.
Don't forget about dinner, seven p.m. sharp.
The breath caught in her lungs, the backs of her eyes stung, she couldn't believe it. He still wanted her to come over for dinner. What did she do now? Should she go?
Chapter 10



Olivia arrived at the address in the text message at seven p.m. sharp the next day. She hadn't gone to work, again, had spent the better part of the day resting, and then primping herself for her dinner with Sebastian.
She'd made sure Spook had plenty of food and water, as well as setting the timer for Rowdy's food dish and leaving it outside in the open garage for him. Then she'd packed an overnight bag, just in case, and headed out the door.
Sebastian had said he lived out in the country, and he wasn't lying. He lived at least half an hour from the hospital and his office. But it was a lovely drive over nonetheless. His property was fenced much like hers had once been, the gleaming white fence line framing a long curvy driveway on either side. The property was rather large, and dotted with trees and believe it or not, goats.
His house sat on top of a small incline, and spread out in a traditional ranch style, though it looked to be a split level. Done in varying wood tones and natural stone, it was a sight to behold, and a beautiful example of modern day architecture.
Sebastian stood waiting for her on a porch that spanned the width of the house. There was a grouping of chairs around a table at one end, and a hammock hanging between the posts at the other. With the sun setting behind him, the overall picture was quite breathtaking. Olivia's heart started to beat a rapid tattoo in her chest.
“You have goats.” Was the very first thing she said to him as he looped an arm around her and pressed a kiss to her temple.
“I have goats.” He agreed with a laugh. “Come on, I'll show you around.”
The property was ten acres in total, the front half mainly fields for his goats, that in addition to providing him with milk, which he used to make his own cheese, the wonders never ceased with Sebastian, gave him a pretty good agricultural tax break on the property. The back half of his yard was like an Eden, his own private little paradise.
He had a Japanese Koi pond that had some rather large and colorful fish in it, with a porch swing and a little stone dining area off to the side surrounded by the most beautiful flower garden. There was a fire pit towards the back of the property with a grouping of log seats around it, and last but not least, he had sectioned off a large piece of the backyard for his fruit and vegetable garden, which boasted a lot more produce than she'd first thought.
During the tour of the yard, he made it a point to introduce her to a couple of his favorite goats, a nanny and three adorable kids who all looked like little paint horses with their colorful brown and black splotches. And of course, his two dogs, both of which he told her were Maremma sheepdogs, something she'd never heard of before, had come to investigate the newcomer as well. They were big white fluffy dogs that he said were there to guard his flock and keep them safe from predators.
He said his nephews had named them Biff and Buff after their favorite train engines from Thomas and friends, and as friendly as they were, Olivia couldn't see as how they could be very good guard dogs. To which of course he told her, they were bred to be gentle around people, as well as the livestock they tended to, and fierce with the likes of coyotes and wolves. Whatever, she still wasn't buying it.
The inside of Sebastian's home was tended to much in the same way as the outside. He took a lot of care with the things he owned, the things he obviously loved. His kitchen was state of the art, stainless steel everything, and quite the show piece.
It was the living room however that had her in awe. He had a large natural stone fireplace with a big oil canvas painting of his family above it. His mother looked young and vibrant, his sister's beautiful and exotic. Whoever the artist had been, they'd captured the essence of his family perfectly.
His furniture was big and overstuffed, but it made the sunken living area cozy and comfortable. The ceilings were high, and he had big picture windows everywhere. Olivia wished her own home was as nice. The tour rounded out with a view of his media room, a home gym and office, plus a peek at two guest rooms and his master. A room that was masculine and very tastefully done. She tried to hide it, but when he'd shown her his room, and her gaze lit on the very big, and very cozy looking bed, her palms had started to sweat, and her heart threatened to beat right out of her chest.
From the tour, they went straight into dinner, where Sebastian served grilled chicken, baked potatoes, and salad with feta cheese, though she didn't eat the cheese, all straight from his garden and the cheese made from the milk of his very own goats. It was delicious, and not once during their meal did the events of the previous day come up.
It was later, when she was wrapped in his arms as they lay together in the hammock on the porch, swaying gently along to the breeze, while the crickets and night creatures serenaded them with the sounds of the dark that he brought up the thing that hung between them like a dead weight.
“Tell me what he did to you, Olivia.”
There was no need for her to ask him for clarification, she knew the 'he,' that Sebastian was referring to, and it was in that instant, as she grimaced and prepared to be set aside from him once she spilled the awful truth, that he surprised her. Sebastian pulled her tighter against him, kissing the top of her head, one hand lay protectively against her abdomen, while he used the other to gently rub the length of her arms.
It was all the reassurance she needed.
“I don't remember.” She admitted, her voice wavering.
“Any of it?”
She shook her head against the pillow of his shoulder. “I remember leaving work, and the next thing I know, I'm in a hospital, and it hurts to move. It hurts everywhere.” The last came out as a choked whisper. She hated admitting what that monster had done to her.
“He beat me pretty bad, must've knocked me out at some point.”
“Bastard,” he ground between his teeth, pulling her yet further against his firm, warm, body.
Olivia turned her head slightly to look up at him, smiling shyly. “I had a couple of black eyes, he broke my nose, split my lip, my cheek, and I had a concussion.” She looked back out over his yard at that point, her own voice sounding far off to her, like that of a stranger. “And he used a Taser on me... down there.” Her words failed her then, tears burned in her eyes.
Sebastian rolled in the large hammock so that he was peering down at her, his hand cupped the side of her face, “Olivia, I can't imagine what this has been like for you, and I pray to God you don't ever remember any of it.”
“Me too,” she squeaked.
“This doesn't change anything, though. It doesn't change the way I feel about you.”
“Are you... are you sure? What about the baby?”
With a smile meant only for her, a smile that warmed her from the inside out, he shook his head, looked down towards her still flat stomach and rubbed a hand along her abdomen. “A baby doesn't change my feelings for you, Olivia. Like you said the other day, it's too late.”
He kissed her then, their bodies pressed intimately together as their lips mated, as their souls intertwined. A kiss so urgent, so passionate that the stars spun around them, the world faded away, and the night closed in.
“I meant to ask you, that day in the office,” He broke in then, maneuvering her so that he could press his lips to the smooth column of her neck, her mind awash in a thick haze from his drugging kiss. “Are you taking any kind of anti-depressants?”
Olivia laughed, “Sebastian, you kiss me like that, then you ask me about my medical history? Really?”
He shrugged, nuzzling the nape of her neck. “Humor me, will you?”
“Alright,” she said giggling when he slid her shirt down one side of her shoulder and pressed his lips to her heated skin. “I'm not taking anything.” But she thought about it for a minute, “No, that's not true. I am on a very powerful placebo.” Olivia turned in his arms, nipped at his bottom lip.
“Oh?”
“Yes, and he's been working very well I might add.”
Sebastian's smile stretched far across his face. He plundered her mouth again in a way that had her seeing stars, and not just the ones in the night sky.
Then he carried her inside and gently he laid her on his bed, turning the bright lights down low before coming down beside her on the mattress. Taking up where they left off, Sebastian captured her lips and drove her perilously close to that invisible ledge with one steamy kiss after another. His mouth traveled the line of her jaw, his tongue tracing circles along the sensitive skin of the column of her throat. And his hands did amazing things to her still fully clothed body.
Touching her along the seam of her pants, sliding under the fabric of her shirt to stroke the velvety soft flesh of her belly. He took a second to help her off with her shirt, groaning in pleasure as he looked down at the scrap of lace that covered her now aching breasts. Her dark nipples taut little peaks begging to be touched, to be kissed.
Sebastian was more than accommodating. First sucking her through the rough lace, then dispatching the bra altogether, to lave each nipple until she squirmed and writhed beneath him. He took his time as he made his way down her torso, giving special attention to every inch of skin he had exposed. Fumbling with the snap of her jeans, he cursed beneath his breath, a feminine giggle escaping Olivia in the process.
But he didn't waste any time in stripping the pants from her legs, pressing his thumb to the quivering nub at the center of her womanhood, the heat of her wetness soaking the silk of her panties, the textures, the sensations a driving force, Olivia nearly ready to explode under the impact. With the last barrier out of the way, Sebastian took her full into his mouth, where he lapped up the sweet nectar of her body. He twirled his tongue with expert measure around her throbbing clitoris.
Blood rushed to her loins, the sound a loud buzzing in her ears as she finally broke when the pressure reached boiling. Her orgasm bubbling over, she arched into his mouth, wrought with such pleasure, such all-encompassing need, and he pushed her, further, higher, he pushed her with his mouth, with his hands, his fingers sliding into her, finding her sweet spot and making her come again and again.
As the last electrical impulse coursed through her body, she collapsed beneath him, panting, desperate to catch her breath. Sebastian laid his chin on her pubic bone, smiled and watched her contentedly while she came back to herself, his fingers still stroking the insides of her thighs.
“I'm not... sure... sure we should be doing this.” Olivia blurted out between breaths.
“Oh?” He asked, a wicked smile blooming across his beautiful face.
She tried to sit up a little, wanted to see him, he pushed her back down, slid along her slick body, his arms braced on either side of her head as he kissed her neck and the sides of her face.
“My discharge orders said I should refrain from intercourse for at least a week.” She said more sternly just before she moaned, Sebastian wasn't giving her any mercy, his fingers were already sliding back into the depths of her body.
“I'm a doctor Olivia,” he purred, tracing the outside of her ear with his tongue. “I've read your charts.” Sebastian, who had at some point managed to get his shirt off without her notice began the arduous task of taking his pants off as well. “But if you want to wait...”
Olivia's hands grasped the top of his jeans, she started shoving at them as he kicked his way out. “No.” She huffed breathlessly, reaching for him now that he was as naked as she.
Sebastian nudged her knees further apart, cradling himself in the valley between her legs, his pulsing manhood prodding at her soft feminine folds. “You're sure?” He asked, praying to God that she didn't change her mind, because he wasn't sure he could stop now if he tried.
Olivia nodded her head violently, though, wrapping her legs around his waist and pulling him into the heat of her body.
With one quick thrust, he slid inside her. Olivia gasped as her body adjusted to the full length of him, it was an almost painful intrusion, but a welcome one, as a steady crescendo began to build. With each thrust, he took her body higher. With each movement, he buried himself a little deeper. Her tight sheath enveloping his sword to the hilt.
It wasn't long before Olivia cried out in ecstasy, her body pulsing and throbbing around him, the force of her orgasm so strong it peaked his own long before he was ready. With one last powerful thrust, Sebastian spilled himself into her, groaning and falling on the bed beside her. His chest heaving as he gulped in mouthfuls of air.
It was a long while before either of them would speak again. Olivia lay cuddled against his side, twisting her fingers in the silky black mat of hair on his chest. Her head was pillowed in the crook of his arm, and he skimmed his fingers along her bare back.
Olivia had never felt more loved in her entire life. She'd never felt safer than in that moment. Roderick may have proved to be an adequate lover, surely more skilled than the young man she had lost her virginity to when she was sixteen, but if she were going to compare, and she wasn't, not really, Sebastian far out measured anything Roderick had ever made her feel.
Sebastian was a very virile man. He oozed such a masculine sexuality that it was nearly impossible to ignore it. But he was a tender and thorough lover. He had ravaged her so completely, and with such skill that surely she couldn't ever remember being so stated before. So spent.
Sebastian rolled towards her, kissed her with a renewed sense of passion and urgency. “Care for a shower?” He asked, his mouth quirking up in a sexy little grin.

Olivia didn't go to work for the rest of the week, as Arthur had insisted after her episode that she take more time to let her body heal. And while she most certainly found time to rest, she wasn't sure making love to Sebastian over and over again was anyone's idea of letting her body heal. Her soul, on the other hand, had mended quite well.
Now that she knew Sebastian was an Obstetrician, she was better able to acclimate herself to his schedule and the constant demands of it. There were times during the rest of the week, and over the course of the weekend that he'd been called away, a couple of those occasions had come in the middle of the night, or even at the most inappropriate of times as they were mid-coitus.
She'd spent the rest of the week at his house, going home during the day when he had to work, to take care of her pets, and returning after he'd finished his rounds at the hospital. The weekend, however, he spent at her place, where they continued to help her heal.
By that next Monday, Olivia was more than a little ready to return to work. It wasn't that she hadn't thoroughly enjoyed her time with Sebastian, because she had, and she'd actually managed to get a lot done during the day while he was himself away at work. The nursery room furniture had arrived, Sebastian had even helped her put it together over the weekend, and she'd chosen a paint scheme for the walls, hiring a crew to do the actual work.
But she'd missed working herself. Wondered how she was going to get through maternity leave once she'd had the baby. Of course, only to realize later that she'd have a baby to love and to take care of. She was still happy to be back at work though, and most surprised to find a big vase of lovely pink roses on her desk. She pulled one budding blossom to her face and inhaled deeply before plucking the card and reading it.
Thinking of you.
She pressed the card to her chest, her heart catching a little as she thought of Sebastian, and wondered what he was doing right now. She was tempted to call him and thank him for the lovely gesture, but since he'd promised to stop by and have lunch with her, she figured it could wait until they were face to face.
“A Mr. Esparza here to see you.” Alley beeped in a few hours later, just as the noon hour arrived.
“Thank you, Alley, send him up.” She replied, looking into her computer screen and fluffing her hair a little.
Sebastian rapped lightly on her door a few minutes later, and Olivia's face lit up with pleasure at the sight of him. He had a bit of scruff going on these days, that lent a roguish quality to his otherwise fierce Spanish heritage. He looked like a pirate. A sexy pirate.
Olivia went into his arms with ease, sliding her own up and around his neck, pressing a rather passionate kiss to his mouth. “Thank you,” she said automatically.
Sebastian cocked his head to the side, “for what?”
She indicated the flowers on her desk, “for the flowers silly.” She said before kissing him again.
Though he gladly returned her affection, he was quick to pluck a rose from the vase and twirl it in his fingers, “they're lovely flowers Olivia, but I didn't send them to you.”
Her smile dropped, she considered his remark, and was nearly tempted to smack him for joking with her this way. “Sebastian,” she scolded instead.
“Really, I didn't send them to you Olivia. What does the card say?” He asked, looking at the vase in search of it.
Olivia pulled it from inside her desk drawer, handed it to him. “It says, thinking of you.” She told him, a little nervous now.
“Huh.” He remarked, turning the card over and then handing it back to her. “I don't know. Not from me, though. Maybe you have a secret admirer?”
She shook her head. “I don't think so. Maybe they're from my parents. I'll have to call them later and ask them.”
“Sounds like a good idea. Ready to get out of here? I'm starved.”
Looping her arm through his, Olivia didn't give the flowers or their sender a second thought.

He was just coming around the corner after using the John when he'd heard someone say her name. “I'm here to see Olivia Mozatis.” The man had said to Alley. After flipping her hair, a couple of times and batting her lashes at him, Alley made the page. “A Mr. Esparza here to see you.” She had nearly pouted, discouraged when the good looking stranger hadn't flirted back.
Esparza, where had he heard that name before? And why did he look so damn familiar? Then it hit him! He'd heard some of the ladies around the office gushing about some hot doctor that had touched their goodies. A gynecologist. The description definitely fit. But what was the good doctor doing here? Why did he need to see Olivia?
That was when he remembered seeing Olivia talking to this very same man as they exited that Chinese restaurant together, she'd given him her card. Did doctor's offices need the services of a staffing agency? He supposed it was possible.
But when he saw the good doc leaving a few minutes later, a smiling Olivia on his arm, he didn't think so. And the beast began rattling the bars of his cage from within. He looked at the clock, he still had a good half-hour before his lunch break, but as he watched them get into a big silver Chevy pickup truck, and head towards Broadway, he stopped by the receptionist desk and told Alley he had an appointment, and he was taking his break a little early.
Alley didn't seem to give a shit, she rolled her eyes at him, gave a little finger waggle. Stupid bitch. He jogged into the parking garage, fired up his little truck and sped down the street, hoping they hadn't turned off somewhere.
As luck would have it he saw the truck parked just down the road from a little cafe, and they were seated together out front on the deck. He drove past, wedged his truck into a parking spot, and grabbing an old newspaper from the passenger seat, walked down the sidewalk towards them. He found himself a spot on a bench in front of another store front and watched them over the top of the paper.
Olivia was smiling, laughing even, and it should have pleased him. He hadn't seen her that way since they'd used to flirt with each other in the lobby all those years ago. But the beast began to grumble. The good doctor placed a hand over Olivia's, his head thrown back as he joined in on whatever joke she'd told. He wished he could hear what they were saying. Then the doctor cupped her cheek, leaned forward and kissed her. Olivia had looked so dazed afterward. His chest tightened. His cock pulsed.
And the beast roared.
He shouldn't have been turned on watching them neck like teenagers, but he couldn't help remembering his own time with Olivia. The way her face had looked so peaceful in her slumber as his body moved over hers, in her. His dick twitched again. He needed to get out of here. He couldn't be seen, and if he kept watching that bastard as he touched what was his, he was liable to go off on the little bitch.
He hadn't been back to Olivia's in a while, no, that wasn't true, he just hadn't seen her there in a while. He'd gone back a couple times over the week since she hadn't shown up to work, but either the blinds were drawn, or that stupid dog would rush the wall and spook the shit out of him.
He'd thought about taking the animal out several times, but he'd be patient for now. If anything happened to the mutt, she'd probably just get another one anyways. But damned if that dog didn't do a good job of scaring him off. He realized that if Olivia wasn't home, the dog was outside, and the minute it got a whiff of him, he could hear the animal’s claws digging into the cement. The fucking thing would chew through it to get to him if it could.
He'd had enough of that by the time the weekend rolled around, so he hadn't gone back. What was the point? Besides, he still had a lot to get done. Preparations for their new home across the state. A little cottage he'd leased for the next year, at least until the baby was old enough to travel abroad, then he'd whisk them both off to some place that didn't have an extradition treaty.
The doctor could be a problem, though.
He'd definitely have to keep an eye on the situation. And while the beast was perhaps more than a little jealous by the prospect of Olivia, his woman, sleeping with another man, he didn't worry as much. Let her have her fun, because once she had that baby, he was putting her ass on lockdown. He'd had plenty of time to sow his wild oats though, so why shouldn't she? It wasn't like she could get pregnant! And he knew she was practically a born again virgin when he'd taken her, he was willing to be generous and let her get the good doctor out of her system.
Whatever it took to make her happy.
Let her whore around for now.
At least her screwing a doctor was safer than her fucking some John like in the past.
He shook his head. Cleared the thoughts.
For now, he'd keep sending her flowers and maybe some candy so she didn't forget who loved her at the end of the day. He could just imagine the look on her face when she'd gotten his flowers this morning, and it turned him on a little just thinking about it.

By the time Sebastian got her back to the office, Olivia had so much fun with him that she didn't want to go back to work. She'd been spending a lot of time with Sebastian lately, and though it hadn't been very long ago that they'd literally run into each other on the sidewalk, she wasn't afraid to admit, at least to herself, that she'd fallen in love with him.
Head over heels in love, she knew she was in it for the long haul. She only hoped he felt the same way.
“So listen,” he said, one hip perched on the side of her desk as he twirled a pencil in his fingers. “My sister Tatiana is going to be in town, well, in Chicago. Her husband's an architect, and there's some sort of convention or something. I invited them over to my place for dinner and I was wondering...”
“Yes.” She cut in quickly. Her hand going to her mouth in embarrassment the second she'd blurted the word out.
His brows rose. “Oh, so you'll let me tell them we're getting married?”
The bottom fell out of Olivia's stomach just then, and she stared at him blankly. “What?”
Sebastian laughed, tugging on a lock of her hair. “You're so easy, Olivia.” He teased, “I was thinking we'd have a barbecue, maybe roast some s’mores around the fire pit afterward.”
Olivia relaxed a little. “That sounds great. When?”
“I'll have to get the exact dates. I think it's, maybe the first week of June though.”
“So you're planning on sticking around for a little while then huh?” She asked, realizing that not only did he want her to meet his family, but that he was comfortable making plans with her pretty far in advance, it melted her heart a little more.
Sebastian leaned forward and kissed her, he tasted like mint, and maybe a hint of the garlic they'd had for lunch in the pasta they'd shared. “I plan on sticking around for as long as you'll have me.” He said against her lips.
“Mmmm, I'll hold you to it then.”
Chapter 11

June 3rd

Olivia was four and a half months pregnant, and time had certainly seemed to have gotten away from her. Though her home had been baby proofed, she'd taken Rowdy back to school, a lesson in the desensitization of babies, as well as a training session involving him and Sebastian, she still felt like she wasn't nearly prepared enough to have a baby.
She'd found out a week ago that she was having a little girl, and had bought little girl wall appliques in the shapes of rainbows, and unicorns, hoping her daughter would enjoy the whimsical fantasy of it all. She'd gone shopping for clothes and toys as well, bedding, shoes, everything a little girl might need up until the age of two.
The nursery closet was full to bursting with stuff, and yet, she still didn't feel like it was enough.
Sebastian was constantly trying to assure her that she was ready, she was beyond ready. Most parents didn't have half of what she had accomplished, done. She even had the little car seat strapped into the back of her recently purchased SUV, after deciding she needed a little more space and that her sedan just wasn't big enough. The new Mercedes came with all the bells and whistles, including a top safety rating.
For the past couple of months, aside from the chaos of trying to prepare for her new arrival, Olivia and Sebastian had fallen into a comfortable routine. During the week she spent a couple of nights at his place, and on the weekend he stayed with her in her house. Rowdy, having had that session with him, accepted both his presence and his instructions with ease, though he wasn't too thrilled to have been kicked out of the bed. He had rather enjoyed his spot at the foot of it.
When Sebastian came for the weekend, however, there just wasn't enough room, and more often than not, they were too busy making love to each other to even attempt to accommodate the large dog. And Spook, the traitor, had decided she much preferred the company of Sebastian to Olivia. Olivia wondered if that was her payback for bringing Rowdy into Spook's domain.
Olivia walked into her office that afternoon, having had a pleasant lunch with her friend Donna, who was in town visiting family and was quick to spot the vase of flowers and a box of chocolates laying ominously on the right side of her desk.
Since the very first vase of roses had shown up on her desk back in March, she'd gotten an anonymous delivery at least once a week, sometimes twice. Always to the office, and always a different kind of flower. This time, it was lilies. And though they were beautiful, they gave her the creeps. Olivia reached for her cell phone, plucking a card from her Rolodex and dialing the number for Detective Ramsey.
“Yeah, hey. It's Olivia. I got another one.”
She listened to the instructions on the other end of the line, which were of course, always the same, Detective Ramsey would stop by her house tonight if she could just take them home with her, and please don't let anyone else touch them. Olivia didn't want to take them home, but she understood the procedure well enough. They were afraid that whoever had given her the flowers was likely to be the one who had attacked her, and if he was watching, they didn't want cops swarming all over the place and tipping him off.
At least when Ramsey stopped by her place they were able to make the exchange inside of her garage inconspicuously.
Olivia dropped the box of chocolates in a bag, and stuffed it in her purse. This wasn't the first time he'd sent her chocolate either. She guessed he figured pregnant women wanted sweets. And she didn't kid herself, she knew her attacker knew that she was pregnant. Just last month he'd sent her a little onesie that had said Daddy's little Squirt on it underneath a picture of a whale blowing water out of his spout. That was probably the most nerve-wracking gift she'd gotten yet.
Other than hers and the florist who had delivered them, the police hadn't been able to lift any fingerprints, and what was more, everything had been paid for in cash, at different locations in the area. No one remembered anything in particular about the orders, the cards he used hadn't come from any of the florists, but were instead given to the clerk upon purchase, were computer generated, and always said the same thing, Thinking of you.
It was frustrating. And it was scary. If it hadn't been for all the extra measures she'd started taking, like having the security guard walk her to her car, and pretty much having Sebastian or at least Rowdy by her side whenever she was home, Olivia might have lost her nerve altogether. But Sebastian had been her rock. He was so strong. Strong enough for the both of them. And as the weeks had worn on, she could see a softening in him,
He hadn't given her any indication from the start that this baby was going to be a problem for them. He had accepted her, and the situation with a wide open mind, and she thought, perhaps an open heart as well. Lately, though, he became as excited as she when talking about the future, their future. She thought maybe, just maybe, he was starting to want this child as much as she had. And she already knew Sebastian would make one hell of a father.
After passing her latest gift off to Detective Ramsey, Olivia tended to her pets and packed an overnight bag. Sebastian's sister and her family were going to be meeting them tomorrow in town for dinner, and she figured it would probably be a late night where she'd just end up staying with him. They had originally planned to do a barbecue at Sebastian's house, but as his sister and her husband were staying in Chicago, they didn't want to make such a long drive. Not that forty-five minutes seemed all that long to her, but hey.
They'd decided to meet them half way instead, at the Horseshoe Hammond Casino, that while it didn't seem appropriate for Tatiana's young sons, it had a restaurant there that his sister swore had the most amazing food. And that was just fine with Olivia, at least this way they didn't have to worry about any awkwardness when they were ready to be alone. Olivia could just picture Sebastian trying to kick his sister out of his house so they could go have sex! And hell, if they were really feeling randy, they could always get a room there for the night!
Morning came before Olivia even realized it, and just as fast the afternoon was upon her. She drove to Sebastian's place with her nerves strung as taut as a bow string. Meeting his family was a pretty big deal, and what’s more, she knew that no matter how hard she tried to disguise it, they were bound to notice that she was pregnant. If Sebastian hadn't already told them that is. She wasn't showing drastically at this point, but it really didn't seem to matter what she wore, lose or tight, there came a point when her bump was visible, and given her body type, it was difficult to mistake the bulge as fat.
She'd chosen a loose fitting maxi dress for tonight in a very bohemian pattern. It was colorful and she hoped, just enough of a distraction that they wouldn't see the baby bump.
“You look beautiful,” Sebastian told her as they drove to the casino where they would meet his sister. “They're going to love you, I promise.” He squeezed her hand, laced his fingers through hers and smiled.
She was still as jittery as a mouse on caffeine despite his assurances.
“Oh hey,” he said, pulling her from her thoughts. “I uh, I guess I should tell you, my sister knows about the pregnancy, but I uh, I didn't tell her about the father.”
“Okay.” Her heart sank a little, but she couldn't have said why.
“I just didn't feel like it was my place to tell them, ya know?”
She nodded, she felt happy, and terribly sad all at the same time. She knew he was just trying to protect her, but a part of her wished he would have defended her as well. Which was silly, because there was no reason to defend her. She was raped for cripes sake, it's not as if she'd slept around and just didn't know who the father was!
They all met up in the lobby of the casino. Sebastian and his sister embracing the instant they laid eyes on each other. He shook his brother in law's hand, and then the introductions were made. Though his sister was cordial to her, she could tell that the woman was uneasy about her relationship with Sebastian.
Tatiana was a beautiful woman, she had a lot of the same features as Sebastian, the big eyes, though hers were a light brown, with dark lashes, black hair and the same dimples. But she was much shorter than him. Whereas Sebastian was easily six feet tall, she would have put Tatiana at about five two. She supposed their mother was probably short herself.
Her husband was rather pleasant to look at as well with his brown hair and blue eyes, and their children, two boys ages seven and nine, who absolutely adored their uncle, were too adorable for words. The older boy looked just like his father, while the younger was a mixture of the two. And because of his teasing, Tatiana at one point let on that yes, they were still trying for a girl.
Which made Olivia's heart ache a little. Apparently, Tatiana had had a partial hysterectomy and was now only firing on one ovary. The fact that she was herself having a little girl made her feel guilty. Which she shouldn't have.
Dinner was a highly drawn out affair, Tatiana's boys were pretty picky and it took forever for them to decide on what to eat. They ordered appetizers, then an entree, and then everyone shared a couple of desserts. Conversation during the meal focused on either Sebastian's work, James's work, that was Tatiana's husband, or what the rest of Sebastian's siblings were up to these days. It turned out that James was quite the architect and had even designed Sebastian's place.
It was towards the end of the evening that things got ugly.
Tatiana had tried her best to be polite and engaging when talking to Olivia, but when Sebastian took her hand and pulled it to his mouth for a quick kiss, one that sent Olivia swooning, Tatiana snorted in disgust.
“Tatiana.” Her husband scolded.
Olivia looked around the table in confusion, her gaze finally landing on Tatiana, who was glaring at her with open hostility.
“Is something wrong?” Sebastian asked, cocking his head and considering his sister.
She shook her head, her mouth a sort of mocking smile. “It's disgusting, that's all.” She all but growled.
Her husband put his hand on her shoulder, “Tatiana.” He said again with more force, trying to refocus her attention.
“No.” She spat, shaking her head more violently and pushing away from the table. “I'm sorry, I can't do this.”
James threw his napkin on the table, prepared to follow her, their boys looked down at their plates, shoving cake into their mouths and acting like they had no idea what was going on, which they probably didn't.
“Maybe I should go talk to her,” Sebastian suggested, a hand on Olivia's shoulder to steady her.
A little queasy, and a lot nervous, Olivia took the napkin from her lap, laid it on the table and stood up. “No, I'll go.” She said, patting the hand that had lain on her shoulder.
Neither gentleman made a move to stop her.
Olivia found Tatiana out on the long pier at the back of the casino building. The sun was just setting, and the breeze was light and fragrant. The boats in their slips bobbing up and down to the rhythm of the water.
“Tatiana?”
She didn't turn around, her shoulders straightened as Olivia approached, but she refused to turn and face her.
“Tatiana, can we talk for a minute?”
She shrugged, turned her gaze further away.
“Tatiana, I'm in love with your brother.”
She spun around at the simple remark, that was, in her opinion, anything but simple. The anger that sparked in her gaze was almost enough to frighten Olivia, but she stood her ground.
“You've known him, what? two months? three? And you think you're in love with him?” She all but scoffed.
“And just how long did it take for you to fall in love with your husband?”
She smirked a little, tried to suppress it. “It's not the same.”
“Why? Because I'm pregnant? Or because he's rich?”
Tatiana didn't answer, she looked back out over the water. Which was answer enough for Olivia, and she understood Tatiana's hesitancy completely, it was, after all, warranted.
“Maybe it would interest you to know that I make more money than your brother does.”
“Humph.”
Olivia nearly laughed, she liked Tatiana's spirit, she admired the woman even. “I'm a partner of a very profitable staffing agency in Gary. Along with my bonuses, I'd say I average a couple thousand dollars more than your brother does. Annually of course. I'm not after his money Tatiana, I have plenty of my own.”
Tatiana seemed to ease a little, but she didn't give away much. “Well,” she said as snidely as she could. “That's a relief.”
“Alright, fair enough. Let's talk about the other elephant in the room. Yes, I'm pregnant. I was pregnant when I met your brother.”
“Yeah,” she said whirling, point a finger at her, “and now you're trying to pawn somebody else's brat off on my brother. He's a good man Olivia, and he's going to be a hell of a father one day. To his OWN children. Sebastian doesn't need some ready-made family!”
Olivia was stunned, Tatiana had cut her pretty deep. She had a feeling that this woman didn't often fight fair. She was not, however, afraid of her though, not after what she'd been through. They were just words, angry, misplaced words.
“I understand your anger Tatiana, but it isn't like that.”
“Oh? And what's it like Olivia?”
“Do you think I wanted to fall in love with your brother knowing I was pregnant with another man's baby? Let me tell you, I didn't. I tried to stop myself, but I couldn't. He was persistent, even when he knew the truth he was persistent!”
“Fine, so he pursued you, that doesn't change anything. Why should he be responsible for another man's child? What kind of woman would do that? Where's the baby’s father in all this Olivia?”
Olivia took a moment before responding, trying to compose herself, but as Tatiana continued to glower at her, something inside Olivia snapped.
“I don't know who the baby’s father is!” She screamed, nearly crying now, tears threatening, welling up behind her eyes. “I was raped!”
Tatiana gasped, her hand flew to her mouth, she took a step back. Then she took a step forward, pulled Olivia into her arms and rubbed her back, “shh... shh... it's okay.” She soothed.
“I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, I didn't... this isn't how I wanted this night to go.”
Taken aback by Olivia's courage, Tatiana tried on an apology of her own. “No Olivia, I'm sorry. I misjudged you. I should've trusted my brother. He's a smart man, and he wouldn't have gotten involved with you if he didn't have very strong feelings for you.”
Wiping at her face, Olivia pulled a compact out of her little clutch purse and used it to fix her makeup, she didn't want the men to know she'd been crying, tonight had already been disastrous enough.
“I like you Tatiana, and I want us to be friends, but I understand if you don't want to be a part of all this. It's hard, it's hard for me, so I can't imagine how hard this is for you and Sebastian. He's been so good to me though, and you need to know how much I care about him. I wasn't lying when I said I loved him, and I don't expect him to be responsible for my child.”
Tatiana nodded, smiling for just a second before she frowned again. “I like you too Olivia, despite trying so hard not to, I admire your courage and your commitment to this baby. You have no idea how much I admire you for that.”
“But?” Olivia questioned, knowing there was a reason why Tatiana wasn't smiling now.
“Sebastian is going to try and take responsibility for that child whether you want him to or not.”
“What makes you say that?”
She shrugged. “Because of Leila.”
“Your sister? The one that passed away? What does she have to do with anything?”
Tatiana made a snorting, smirking kind of sound, like she didn't believe what she was hearing. “Olivia, Leila didn't pass away, she killed herself. Is that what Sebastian told you? That she passed away?”
A sort of weightless sensation passed over her, confusion more than anything. Olivia shook her head though, “no, he didn't really tell me anything. Why did she kill herself?”
Tatiana's eyes widened for a moment, and she seemed at a loss for words.
“Why did she kill herself, Tatiana?” Olivia repeated.
“Maybe you should be talking to Sebastian about this.” She said, putting a hand on Olivia's shoulder and changing tact’s. “Look, Olivia, I support whatever decision the two of you make, get married, have some more babies, be happy. That's really all I want for my brother, and if you can give it to him, then you have my blessing. I can't get involved beyond this point, though. This is between you and Sebastian.”
“Fair enough.”
Tatiana finally smiled then, “good, let's get back to the table, I can only imagine how much junk food Sebastian has been feeding my boys.”
The rest of the dinner went well enough. Sebastian nor James decided to remark on the sudden change in Tatiana's mood. They figured the two women had it out and that was good enough for them.
And if Sebastian noticed that Olivia seemed a little off for the remainder of the group's time together, he chose not to comment on it either.
Tatiana turned out to be a wonderful woman, and Olivia knew they could be good friends in the future. She could easily picture her little girl playing with the daughter that Tatiana herself wanted so badly, having a feeling that she would get pregnant sooner rather than later. And she could see many holidays and birthdays celebrated together, whether here or out in California where they lived.
Her earlier conversation with Tatiana however, played over and over in her mind. She'd said all the right things herself, she knew that, and she suspected that Tatiana had been more than just satisfied by her answers, she was relieved, and she accepted the fact that Sebastian wanted to be a part of Olivia's life just as much as Olivia wanted to be a part of his. No, that wasn't the part that bothered her. It was what Tatiana had said about their sister Leila.
She had killed herself.
Part of her wondered why Sebastian wouldn't have told her that, but another part of her understood, at least to a certain degree. Suicide was tragic. It hurt so many people when someone they loved chose to be selfish for whatever reason and kill themselves. At least, that's how she looked at it. She couldn't imagine there ever being a good enough reason to kill one’s self.
On the other hand, though, the fact that Sebastian hadn't told her, especially since she no longer had any secrets from him, disturbed her. What reason could he honestly have for lying about it? And what did it have to do with Olivia's baby?
She couldn't begin to comprehend it, no matter how many different scenarios she ran in her head, none of them made sense to her. She figured she'd have to talk to Sebastian about it on the way home though. She couldn't continue to let it fester, lest it ate away at her later on. No, they'd have to talk about this on the way home. There was just no other way around it.
Chapter 12



Olivia was quiet for most of the ride. Too much of a coward to really say what was on her mind. Sensing her shift in moods, Sebastian reached into the glove box, pulled out a small robin's egg blue box tied with a white ribbon.
“I was going to wait until we got back to my place to give this to you, but I figure now's as good as time as any.” He handed it to her with a sheepish looking grin on his face.
Olivia hesitated a moment, taking it from him and just holding it in her lap. She needed to talk to him about his sister, about the conversation with Tatiana, but she didn't know where to start.
“Well, go on, open it.” He prodded, taking his eyes off the road just long enough to cast her a sidelong glance.
She pulled at the pretty white ribbon, lifted the lid, and gasped, her hand shooting towards her mouth in shock and pure feminine appreciation. Inside, cradled in black velvet, was a sparkling silver Tiffany baby rattle. A little pink ribbon tied close to the top of it. “Sebastian.” She cried in delight, carefully removing it from the box and holding it closer for inspection. It was the single most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.
“I was hoping you'd like it. I wasn't sure what to get, but, well, do you like it?”
“Oh Sebastian, I love it!” she squealed. “But you didn't have to get anything for the baby.”
He shrugged, “I know, but I wanted to. She's going to be just as much a part of my life as she is yours.”
Olivia put the rattle back into the box for safe keeping, taking one last look at it before laying the white ribbon on top, and closing the lid. “Do you mean that?” She asked softly.
He rested his hand on her thigh, “of course.”
Once they'd gotten a little closer to his place, Olivia sighed. Sebastian had certainly caught her off-guard, in a good way, with the beautiful Tiffany rattle, but it didn't change the fact that they still needed to talk.
“Is something wrong Olivia?” He asked, breaking the silence that had befallen them. “You haven't seemed like yourself since that conversation you had with my sister, did she say something to upset you?”
“No. Yes.” She answered, watching as his house came into view.
Sebastian pulled into the driveway, put the truck in park, but made no move to get out. Olivia sat tight as well. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Why did you lie to me, Sebastian?” She blurted.
“Come again?”
“Your sister, you told me Leila passed away. Tatiana said she committed suicide.” She saw him flinch, and for a moment she felt guilty. She didn't want to have to ask him about such a sensitive topic.
“I didn't lie to you, Olivia,” He said between clenched teeth. “She passed away. In medical terms, it's all the same. Dead is dead, what does it matter that I didn't disclose the exact nature of her death?”
She felt so small just then, she'd never seen Sebastian angry, and his tone of voice, the dispassion in it, was so much more painful than any slap to the face would have been.
“I, guess you're right. It's just...”
“It's just what Olivia?”
“Tatiana seems to think there's some significance to this baby, some connection to your sister. And I can't help but feel that there's something you're not telling me. Is there something about your sister's death that I should know?”
He turned in his seat, his face a mixture of emotions, somewhere between intense emotional pain, and just plain anger. “Are you really going to sit here and talk to me about honesty Olivia? Wasn't it you who hid your pregnancy from me? You knew full well that I had feelings for you and yet you chose to hide something so monumental as a pregnancy from me.”
Olivia huffed, jabbing her finger into his chest. “Don't you dare try to turn this around on me Sebastian Esparza, you know why I did what I did, and if I'm not mistaken, I thought you'd forgiven me for making such a huge mistake. I'm, I'm sorry I lied to you by not telling you from the get-go. I'm sorry that I cared about you, that I wanted to get to know you, and that I was terrified that the truth would turn you away from me. But this is NOT the same thing.”
Sebastian sighed, running his hands through his hair, clearly distressed now. “You're right. God, you're right. I'm so sorry Olivia. Can you forgive me for being such a jackass just now?”
Olivia tried to smile, she nearly failed. She could see this was hard for him, but she wasn't letting him off the hook so easily.
“Of course. But only if you tell me why your sister killed herself.”
“Do we really need to get into that right now?” He pleaded. “Can't we just go inside and enjoy the rest of our evening?”
“I need to know Sebastian. I'm sorry.”
“Alright,” he said with an audible sigh. “Leila was only twenty-five, and out of all of us, we were the closest, she and I. She was studying to be a criminal psychiatrist, she'd just about finished med school and was working with a professor of hers on a project about the process of integrating recently paroled convicts back into society. She loved what she was doing, she had such big aspirations, Leila was going to change the world, she was. I just know it.”
Olivia stroked his knee, silently urging him to continue.
He rubbed his mouth with one hand, laced the fingers of his other one through hers, and squeezed.
“There was this one convict, he had a rap sheet a mile long, but somehow, somehow he'd slipped through the cracks. His latest bust was sexual assault, attempted rape.”
Olivia's intake of breath was so loud, so swift, she almost missed it when he grimaced and squeezed his eyes shut, silently confirming the exact thoughts now buzzing in her brain.
“My sister was raped, Olivia.” He waited a moment before continuing, giving her a chance to speak if she wanted to, but her words failed to form. “They sent him back to jail, but the damage was already done. And he'd done a number on her, he'd nearly killed her.”
“That's not all of it though is it Sebastian? There's more, isn't there?”
He nodded, swallowed hard. “She was pregnant. She was pregnant and there was nothing anybody could do to help her.”
“Oh, God. I think I'm going to be sick.” She groaned in the passenger’s seat, pressing her hand to her belly in hopes that it wouldn't pitch.
Now that he'd started talking though, Sebastian figured he ought to see it through. “She was a devout Catholic, which is pretty ironic considering suicide is the ultimate sin, but she was sure that she couldn't get an abortion, and the thought of his baby, that psycho's baby, growing inside her, it was too much for her. My mom tried to convince her to just have the baby, and give it up for adoption, there were so many people who wanted children and couldn't have them, ya know? but Leila wouldn't have it. She wasn't strong enough Olivia; she wasn't brave like you. She didn't love her baby, she just, didn't have in her, she was so sure she wasn't capable of loving it that she never gave herself the chance to find out. I blamed myself for a while at the beginning, I knew there was nothing I could've done, but I blamed myself anyways. If only I'd been there with her that day, maybe I could've stopped it. Or maybe, maybe somehow if I'd kept talking to her about it enough, maybe she'd agree that our mother was right, or maybe given half the chance she'd fall in love with it the first time it moved inside her.”
Olivia was so torn at that point. The pain he felt, the agony over his sister’s death and not being able to do a damn thing about it, she wanted to take him in her arms and hold him tight, let him know that it wasn't his fault, and everything was going to be just fine. 
But she couldn't. Olivia couldn't help thinking that she was his penance for not being able to save his sister. She was his second chance to make things right. And as she said those things to herself, she realized just how sick that sounded. For surely he'd never made love to his sister. Surely he didn't see Leila when he looked at her.
“I, I think I should go,” She said after the silence stretched too far between them.
Sebastian's head shot up, there were tears streaming down his cheeks, and it was nearly her undoing. “Olivia, you, you can't possibly think that my relationship with you is some sick kind of attempt at undoing the past? Tell me that's not what you think?”
“I'm not sure what I think.”
He grabbed her by the shoulders, forced her to look at him as she tried to turn away, “Olivia, my sister's death has nothing to do with my feelings for you or this baby, you have to see that. Tell me you can see that.”
She had to get away, she couldn't look at him, she couldn't bear the pain she was causing him, the pain he was causing her. She didn't know what to think, obviously, Tatiana had drawn some of the same conclusions she just had or she wouldn't have suggested she have this conversation with Sebastian, to begin with. She needed time to sort things out. Time away from Sebastian to sort the lies from the truth.
“Let go of me Sebastian,” she snapped, struggling to get free. “You're hurting me, Sebastian, please, let me go.”
He released her in an instant, looking at his hands as though he couldn't fathom what he'd just done.
She took his moment of distraction to scramble down out of the truck, pulling her own car door open with such force she was afraid she might rip it off its hinges. He was out of the truck himself and standing at her closed door before she could get the engine in gear, but he made no attempt to stop her.
As she peeled out of the driveway, dust and rocks blowing in her wake, she saw him run his hands through his hair, shoving them into his pockets as he watched her leave. Her heart was torn into a million different pieces. He was wrong about one thing, she didn't know just how strong she really was, because she wasn't sure she'd be able to survive this.

Sebastian kicked at the gravel of his driveway as he watched the plume of dust her car had spun up disappear in the distance. He felt like such a fool. He should have told Olivia about Leila long before now. Was there really a reason why he hadn't? He couldn't think of any, at least, not any good ones. Maybe some part of him had been afraid of this very outcome, but then again, perhaps if he had told her, instead of having her confront him about it, it could've been different.
He might have had the chance to explain things better than he had. He'd been honest with her though when he said Leila's committing suicide over her pregnancy had nothing to do with his decisions or his feelings where Olivia and this baby were concerned. It just made it easier for him to understand things, to put them into perspective, that's all. Why couldn't she see that? Damn it, he needed to find a way to make her understand. If there was a way.

The good doctor hadn't been around in weeks. He usually stopped by the office once a week to take Olivia out to lunch, and though it really ground on his nerves to see them together, he knew he needed to just let it go. Olivia was his woman, and that was his baby she was carrying, he knew it and she knew it, so why fight it? If her relationship with the, what was he Mexican? whatever, if her Spanish Inquisition as he was calling it, prepared her for their own life together, then so be it.
He figured the good doctor was, well, good practice, for when they finally got together. And even though the beast was jealous and insisted he was being a fool for allowing another man to touch what was his, he'd told the beast to go to hell. He was running the show now, and he certainly didn't have the least bit of interest in a cold, dispassionate, woman. He wanted her hot and writhing beneath him. He wanted her begging him to plunge deep into her body.
She hadn't been with a man in nearly a decade before he'd taken her, and she'd been so out of practice she'd just lain there. Okay, so maybe the beast had knocked her out, he wasn't quite that delusional, but now that he'd figured out how to keep the beast under wraps, instantly picturing his hands wrapped around the throat of a two-bit whore, squeezing her to the brink of death as he spilled his seed into her, he knew he wouldn't let him ruin his time with Olivia again. Which brought him back around to their current predicament. He wanted a woman who was experienced, ready and willing to meet his vigorous demands.
He'd waited so long for Olivia, and when he finally sequestered his little family away in the cottage he'd rented in Elkhart, thinking that once she understood the rules she might enjoy being close to her brother, he'd want to sate himself by making love to her over and over again. Maybe work on producing a little brother or sister for their first child.
He wanted a big family, being an only child himself, no, he wasn't going to think about the past, he couldn't, wouldn't, go there.
But the memories flooded back anyways.
He'd grown up mostly in foster care. His mother was a junkie whore who hadn't even known who his father was and blamed him for ruining her life in more ways than one. Her pregnancy had been too hard on her, she was a tiny thing, after all, all those drugs wreaking such havoc on her once-supple body.  And after he'd been born, premature and hooked on crack, she'd lost him to the system, though somehow she'd managed to get him back.
He'd never understand why she had even tried, but she had. For the first five years of his life, they lived in a rundown studio apartment that always wreaked of stale beer and sex. She entertained tricks on a regular basis, locking him in the bathroom so her gentleman callers, as she had liked to refer to them, didn't have to see or hear him. When she finally found out she'd contracted gonorrhea and the scarring was so bad that she wasn't likely to have any more children, she blamed him for that too.
He'd ruined her body, forced her to turn more tricks in order to feed his pathetic ass, and because of it, she couldn't have any more children. What man would want her now? At five years old, he didn't understand much, but he knew she didn't love him. He knew she was sick. And then she'd died. Murdered by one of her Johns. He'd been left alone in their apartment with the body for almost a week before a social worker had stopped by to check on them.
No, he hadn't seen the man who had done it. He'd been shut up in the bathroom, and too afraid to leave until the noise had stopped. But he'd heard it, yes, he'd heard it all. Every scream, every moan, every single blow to her head. And there were many. Her face was nearly unrecognizable. Why the John had attacked her they'd never know, he'd never been caught. And then they'd put him in foster care.
At first, some of the homes had been okay, even tolerable. But after the hell he had experienced at the hands of his own mother, he didn't know how to accept love or affection. So he'd tried to burn down his first foster parent's house, playing with matches in the kitchen. Maybe burning the place down wasn't his original intent, but the fire had made him feel something. The way it moved, danced even. It had called to him.
And it had gotten him kicked out as well. By the age of twelve, he'd been in more than ten different homes.
He'd beat up on other kids, especially the ones that were bigger than him. He was destructive, starting fires on several other occasions. He even once killed the family pet. Carving it up just to see what its insides looked like.
He lived in a group home then for a little while, until he'd been sent to live with a man and his wife who often took on kids no one else could handle. And hell, they'd handled him alright, at least for a little while. The beatings were daily and done with objects that didn't leave any marks, at least externally. He was pretty sure he'd broken a rib at some point.
When he was fifteen, having lived with this family, and endured their beatings for three entire years, the beast finally made its first foray into the world.
He waited for the man to come home from work. His wife tied up, the other two foster children at the movies, and then he'd ambushed the man the second he'd walked in the door. Hit him across the head with a lead pipe. And he'd made the man watch as he raped his wife. She was a meek little thing, but God how she'd come alive underneath him after a time, enjoying it, participating in it. He had started to wonder if maybe the man was this rough with her too. Then he'd taken the lead pipe, smashed the man’s face in, all but killing the man before calling nine-one-one and reporting a robbery.
He didn't really think he'd get away with it, but by God he had! The man had been so embarrassed, or maybe he just didn't want the state to get involved and investigate, take away the rest of his meal tickets, that he'd gone along with the story. The entire thing!
And the beating he took in return before finally getting kicked out of the house had been more than worth it. He was sure he had a couple of broken ribs after that. Nor did he ever forget it. He'd paid a visit to the man a few years back. The man really should have kept up the maintenance on his car, it was a shame about those brake lines. He hoped he hadn't suffered too badly in the fiery crash that had taken his life.
He'd spent the first five years of his life watching his mother turn tricks, being blamed for her every failure. He's spent the next seven years in and out of the hands of nearly a dozen foster parents, and his last years in the system, enduring beating after beating before being thrown out on the streets. By that point, he hadn't sought help from the state again, fuck 'em, they hadn't helped him up to that point anyways.
He'd found an aunt upstate, one who had refused to take him in when his mother had been beaten to death. He'd begged her to take care of him though. And when she refused, because she was living in a paltry one bedroom on both state funds and borrowed time, what with her terminal lung cancer and all, he'd tied her up, raped, and beat her into submission. Forced her to take him down to the local high school and enroll him, forced her to fill out all the necessary paperwork with the state. And he'd kept beating her, kept raping her every time she'd dared stepped out of line. And when she'd finally died, he buried her body in the backyard and continued to collect her disability checks.
He finished school, drifted from job to job for a little while before finally landing at Seaward Staffing.
Flying under the radar for the last twenty years, he'd found ways to keep the beast under control. Every so often over the years, he'd picked up a hooker or two, let the beast have his way with her, and in essence, he'd learned that feeding the beast now and then made it easier to control him. And when he'd shoved himself into those trashy whores, he'd thought of Olivia. He couldn't wait to get her underneath him again.
Wading his way back to the surface, memories of his past receding into the far corners of his sick and twisted mind, he thought of Olivia now. Smiled as he imagined fucking her, emptying himself into her tight little cunt. He hoped the good doctor hadn't stretched her out any. He was thankful the man had taken the time to break her in for him. He hoped their next joining was a vast improvement upon the first one. And he wasn't sorry he had had to share her while he'd made arrangements for their future and waited for their child to be born. But he wasn't upset any by the news that she and that fucking Mexican had called things off either.
It made the beast happy if nothing else.
Chapter 13

September 1st

Olivia wasn't answering his calls, or returning them for that matter. She didn't reply to his text messages and had refused to see him the one time he had been brave enough to show up at her office. He didn't know where that left them, but he figured it wasn't anyplace good.
Because of all the creepy gifts she'd been given over the months, he'd decided against sending her anything, and with Cujo on the home front, he wasn't willing to risk whether or not the dog might remember him, he figured there was probably some command she could've used to turn the dog against him in the weeks he hadn't been by her place.
And to top it off, the security guard had even warned him away from her the day he'd decided to wait for her to leave the office for lunch. The last thing he needed was the police being called. God, he felt like a stalker all of the sudden. But what choice did he have? She kept cutting him off at every pass, and he felt like he at least deserved the opportunity to explain himself. Didn't he?
There was still one thing he hadn't tried.
He felt like the lowest form of scum for having to sink to this level, but he'd be damned if he was going to wait for her to decide when to give him the time of day.
Olivia had an appointment with Dr. Waterman that day. She was thirty-two weeks pregnant. Sebastian watched her enter the office, he saw her smile as the nurse took her vitals, led her into an exam room. And he gave Dr. Waterman ample amount of time to examine her. Then, without knocking, he charged into the room.
“Sebastian.” Olivia gasped, hugging her gown tightly to her.
“Dr. Esparza,” his superior snapped. “This is highly inappropriate.”
Sebastian nodded, walked over and placed a hand on Dr. Waterman's shoulder. “Allen,” he began, beseeching him with his eyes, “I know in some way this is probably unethical, but I need a minute alone with Olivia.”
The older man harrumphed, attempting to clear his throat. “Sebastian,” he warned.
Meanwhile, Olivia, who had been staring at him from under her eyelashes, straightened her spine, “it's okay Dr. Waterman.” She interrupted.
Both men turned to face her. Sebastian smiled tentatively, Dr. Waterman nodded, more confused than he cared to let on. “I'll uh, I'll be just outside then.” He trained his gaze on Sebastian, one eyebrow cocked, his hand frozen on the doorknob. “You just holler if you need me, Olivia.” He told her, his eyes never leaving his colleagues now stricken face.
Olivia nodded, smiled, then dropped her eyes towards the floor once he'd left the room.
“Olivia,” Sebastian prodded.
She didn't respond, didn't bother meeting his gaze.
He stepped closer, thought to reach out and touch her, and stopped himself.
“Olivia. We need to talk.”
“So talk,” she acknowledged quietly.
“You left so quickly that night that you didn't give me the chance to explain. And you haven't afforded me the opportunity since.”
“Well, you have your chance now, don't you Sebastian? I'm, for lack of a better word, your, prisoner at the moment.” She looked up at him finally, some emotion that he couldn't quite describe there in her eyes.
“Prisoner?” He demanded, growing frustrated and forgetting for the moment why he'd come in here, to begin with. “Is that what you are? You're free to leave at any moment, Olivia. No one is stopping you.” He hooked a finger towards the door, “why, I'd bet Allen is standing just on the other side waiting for you to yell for him at this very moment. Shall I open the door and find out?”
“Don't you dare open that door Sebastian. I'm practically naked!” She squealed, grabbing for her clothes, embarrassed and blushing something fierce.
Sebastian was floored by that point, he grabbed her by the wrist. God, he felt like shaking her! “It's a little late for modesty now isn't Olivia?”
She snatched her wrist from his grasp, turning and sliding her dress over her head while wriggling out of the exam gown. “Why don't you just get the hell out Sebastian? You're obviously too angry to be civilized!”
Sebastian laughed, a wry sort of sound, laced with disgust. “I'm not leaving here until we talk Olivia. If this is the only opportunity I get to have this thing out with you, then I intend to take it, damn it.”
Olivia threw her hands up in frustration, plopped down in one of the two chairs next to the exam table. “Let's have at it then Sebastian! What is it you think you need to say to me?”
He had to turn away from her for a minute, trying to catch his breath. Regain his composure. This woman was plum driving him crazy! Didn't she realize what she did to him? How much he cared about her?
“I've tried everything short of stalking you to get a hold of you, Olivia. Why have you been ignoring me?” He asked after another couple of seconds, his shoulders slumping, fatigue, worry, and a dozen other emotions finally catching up to him.
Though he wasn't facing her, his tone of voice, his body language, told Olivia far more than she wanted to know. Sebastian was hurting and had obviously been hurting since that night she'd fled from his place. The night he had confessed to her the circumstances surrounding his sister’s death, an event that was likely responsible for making him into the man he was today. The man that stood before her ready to bare his soul.
And she'd hurt him. Her heart ached as she thought about what he had been going through over the past few weeks. What she herself had been going through over the past few weeks. She had done it to them both. And for what? What had this time alone helped her to achieve? An incredible sense of despair and loneliness?
God, she was lucky he still wanted to talk to her at all!
“I needed some time to think Sebastian.” She said quietly, contemplating whether or not to reach out to him.
“And what did you come up with?” He inquired, still not turning to face her. Though his voice had softened some.
Olivia shook her head, realizing instantly that he couldn't see it with his back still turned to her. “You have my attention, Sebastian. What is it you want me to know?”
He turned back to look at her then, and the impact as their gazes collided was enough to force the air from her lungs. His eyes practically glowed, tears brimmed, primed to spill at any moment. He came and sat down in the chair beside her, rested his hands in his lap though he itched to touch her, to feel her and have physical ties to her after all the pain that he had endured over the weeks without her.
“I missed you, Olivia.”
“Sebastian please,” she pleaded, finally averting her eyes and looking down at her hands, clasped together and yet still shaking, in her lap.
“I never meant to hurt you, Olivia. I didn't intend to keep secrets from you.”
“But you did.”
“Just let me explain.”
She nodded, met his gaze, saw the briefest flicker of a smile that crossed his face before his mouth turned down again.
“Yes, my sister was raped, she got pregnant, and she killed herself because of that.”
Olivia flinched, and he wanted desperately to reach out to her once more, forcing himself to remain calm as the impact of his words, words she'd heard before, still sent shock waves through her system.
“My sister killed herself, Olivia,” he began again. “Rather than trying to find a way to live despite what had happened to her. And while I will admit that her decision not to live, to end her life, hurt me in ways you can never comprehend, that it formed me, that it changed me, it has nothing to do with my feelings for you.”
“How can you know that? How can I?” She asked when he was silent for just a moment too long.
He shook his head. “I guess you just have to trust me.”
“I want to.”
“Olivia, look at me, Olivia.” He said, tilting her chin with a gentle finger. “I love you.” She started to cry, trying to avert her eyes. “No, don't turn away. I love you, Olivia. And I think you know that. I think you believe that. I love you, and I want to be a part of your life, a part of this baby's life. And it has nothing to do with my sister.”
She pulled from his grasp but didn't look away as she swiped at a tear. “I want to believe you Sebastian, bu...”
“There is no but, Olivia. I became a doctor because I've wanted to my entire life. I became an obstetrician because I wanted to help women, help babies. I wanted to help women and deliver babies. Did my sister's death influence that decision? Yes. Absolutely. I'd be lying if I told you it didn't. And she also influenced me to help women by donating my time and my money to the women's rape crisis network. But that's it. That's where it stops. I don't look at you and see my sister Olivia. I don't look at you and think I can change the past by making it up to you.”
“That's a really pretty speech, Sebastian,” she sniffed. “But I don't know if it's enough.”
“It has to be Olivia. It has to be enough.” He took her hands in his now, rubbed his thumbs across her palms. “I'm not going to just let this go. I can't. I'm in love with you, and I want us to be a family Olivia. I wish I could somehow make you see it. Make you see what I see when I look at you. You're not my sister Olivia. I know that. I've always known that. Maybe, maybe her death makes it easier for me to accept what happened to you, but it doesn't influence my feelings for you. Those are genuine. I can promise you that. My feelings for you are real.”
Olivia started to cry in earnest, and he held her as the sobs tore through her body. He held her as she tried her damnedest to understand, to comprehend his feelings for her, and her own convoluted feelings for him. He'd said all the right things just now. But was she ready to hear them? Did she believe in their sincerity? God, she wanted to.
“I need to get back to work Olivia,” He said as her tears abated. “I'm sorry I barged in on you this way. I understand if you need time to figure things out, but I couldn't go on without you knowing where I stand. Without telling you how I feel, and explaining things to you.”
She hiccupped, nodded, tried to smile.
“I want you to take all the time you need to figure out what you want Olivia, but I hope you won't continue to cut me out of your life.” He rubbed a hand over her now clearly protruding baby bump, “I want to be a part of your life, a part of her life, and I hope you want the same things.” Sebastian pressed a soft kiss to her forehead, then her temple, and finally her lips, before standing and leaving the room.
Yes. She had wanted to shout. Yes, Sebastian, I want that too. All of it. Forever. But she hadn't spoken. She couldn't speak now. The words just didn't form.

Olivia had a lot to think about at that point. She sat at home that evening, Spook curled up on the back of the couch, Rowdy's head in her lap as she stroked his soft fur absently and thought about her earlier conversation with Sebastian. So many thoughts coursed through her mind. He had told her he loved her, and while it wasn't quite how she had pictured it, his words had impacted her all the same.
Her breath caught in her lungs, her heart beat rapidly, her head swirled in a thick haze. And he was right, she did believe him. She felt that love clear to the tips of her toes. There was absolutely no denying his feelings for her in that regard, but the rest? Could she believe him? Did she trust him? She wanted to, she needed to, but she wasn't sure. Not completely anyway. There was a certain amount of logic to what he'd said. And there was such emotion behind his words, passion even. He had certainly seemed sincere.
She sighed heavily, Rowdy lifting his big black head to look at her with his deep brown eyes, he snorted, then laid his head back down. With a chuckle, she ruffled his ears. Spook stood and stretched, her needlepoint fangs barred in a yawn. She kneaded the couch for a minute, then walked around in a couple of circles before settling down again. It seemed everyone was restless.
Her phone rang then.
Startled briefly, she picked it up off the coffee table, dislodging Rowdy in the process and answered it, recognizing the number as that of Detective Ramsey. “Hello?” She said.
“Olivia, it's Detective Ramsey. Look, do think you could come down to the station?”
“Is something wrong?”
“No, no, there's been a development in your case...” She paused, maybe considering how much to say. “There's been another attack, and we think it might be the same guy. So can you come down to the station?”
Olivia was puzzled, stunned. “I don't know what I could possibly help you with, but, sure, I guess. Half an hour okay?”
“Half an hour's great. Thanks, Olivia.”

Three hours later, Sebastian answered an urgent pounding on his door only to find Olivia, her face streaked with tears, fuming on the other side.
“Olivia,” he said in shock as she pushed past him and waddled over towards the living room. He'd barely had time to register the pained look in her eyes before she burst into tears, slumping onto his sofa and sobbing hysterically.
Without hesitation, he went to her, wrapped his arms around her, and began murmuring soothing words in her ear. She had calmed down enough to speak after a few minutes, grabbing a tissue from a box on the coffee table and dabbing at her eyes.
“I'm sorry.” She said, to which he shook his head.
“It's okay Olivia, something has obviously upset you. Why don't you tell me what it is? Is it the baby?”
She shook her head. “Yes, and no.”
“I'm afraid I don't understand.” He laughed softly, rubbing a hand up and down her back as she continued to struggle to regain her composure.
“The baby is fine. I went to see Detective Ramsey, she said there was a break in the case.”
“But that's good, right? I don't get it.”
“There was another attack.”
“Oh God.” He paused. “Did they get the guy then?”
“No.” She said, holding her breath against a hiccupping sob. “There was a pro... prosti... prostitute.” She stammered. Sebastian leaned forward, held her a little closer as she fought for control. “They want to do an amniocentesis... and-and... oh God Sebastian... it's too much. It's just too much!”
“Prostitute? Amniocentesis? Olivia, you're not making any sense. Slow down baby, one thing at a time.” He encouraged her softly.
“A woman, a prostitute, Detective Ramsey had said, was attacked last night. He was... he was in the process of cleaning her up when her roommate walked in, he knocked her down, and ran out the back door. She didn't get a good look at him, but the prostitute, er, her roommate was unconscious. They only spoke to her for the first time this afternoon, before they called me down to the station.”
He took a minute to consider all that, choosing his words carefully, because he didn't want to upset her any further. “And they think it's the same guy?”
She nodded. “He beat her in the face pretty bad, took all of her bedding, and was cleaning her up when the roommate came in.”
“She was a working girl? That's how he found her?”
Another nod.
Sebastian was trying to piece it all together, add in her part in all this. “They think it's the same guy?” the question was rhetorical this time. He continued, “but you're not a, a working girl Olivia. I get the similarities and all, but how can they be so sure it's the same guy given the variance? I mean, didn't they say they thought you knew this guy on a professional level?”
“They're looking for like crimes in the area,” she sniffed, snuggling further into his embrace. “But they don't think I was his first rodeo, in fact, they think I'm the main event.”
“So like, prostitutes were practice until he went after you? But that doesn't make sense, if that were the case, he would've stopped with you, not escalated.”
“I don't know; it was all pretty confusing. What it amounts to is that they got his DNA this time, he slipped up. Probably didn't know she had a roommate, like maybe she was a spur of the moment decision.”
“And they want to do an amniocentesis to compare DNA? is that what you're saying?” He supplied for her when she seemed to struggle with her words once more.
Olivia nodded. “I told them no, but they just said they could get a subpoena.”
“Do they have a suspect?”
“No. The girl gave them a pretty sketchy description of the guy, apparently, he wore sunglasses and a wig. The roommate said she didn't get a good look, just that he was white and tall, but that's all she could give them.”
She was practically shaking now. Shivering in fear of this unknown creature.
“Without a suspect, I don't think they'd have much luck getting a subpoena, an amniocentesis is a pretty routine procedure though Olivia, is there any reason in particular that you don't want to do it?”
“I told them they could wait until the baby was born. I just don't want to take any unnecessary risks, is that so much to ask? I've only got about a month left!”
“Shhh... shhh... Olivia, it's okay baby, it's going to be just fine.” His heart ached for her, to have come so far, and still, around every corner, there seemed to be some sort of reminder. It was like she couldn't run far enough. And now this. God, when did it end?
After talking things over for another half an hour or so, Sebastian convinced her to stay for dinner and ordered a pizza. They watched TV together while they ate, and afterward went for a walk in his park like backyard, Biff and Buff deserting their guard duties to come and frolic with them for a bit. Biff rounded up a dirty tennis ball and Olivia laughed as Sebastian threw it over and over again, both dogs racing off towards it and fighting to bring it back to their master.
After the hellacious afternoon she'd endured, the pleasant evening she spent with Sebastian was exactly what she needed. Olivia made it a point to touch briefly on their conversation about his sister, she wasn't sure of herself, of her feelings at times, but she knew she believed Sebastian, she honestly felt like she could trust him. Maybe it was the hormones, maybe it was the constant reminder of her baby's parentage, but something held her back. From herself.
“I love you, Olivia.” He told her as she confided her feelings to him.
“And I love you, Sebastian, I think I just need a little more time to feel secure in our relationship, that is, if you'll still have me?”
 Sitting on a blanket spread out on the ground as a fire crackled and sparked in the pit in front of them, Sebastian pulled her into his lap and kissed her hard on the mouth. She gasped as his tongue intruded, tasting her, tempting her, teasing her.
“Of course I'll have you.” He whispered huskily against her neck as he lay her gently on the ground. His hands began to slowly explore her body. He made her feel things she knew she'd never feel with another man. She lost herself, and all rational thought as he removed her clothes, laved at her aching nipples, lavished her most intimate regions with his mouth, played her body with the excellence of a skilled pianist. “I'll have all of you.” He whispered when he entered her body. “Right now.” He thrust gently at first, building a slow rhythm, the fire popped and hissed, splaying a golden light over them, illuminating the desire in Olivia's eyes, the love radiating from Sebastian's gaze.
“You're so beautiful, Olivia.” He rasped, closing his mouth on hers and basking in her sweet response.
They climbed to the highest peak together, shattering like glass as their powerful climaxes erupted simultaneously, leaving them spent, sated, and beyond satisfied. The dark of the night enclosing them in a warm embrace. Firelight and fireflies, the crickets chirping a soft slow song as they came back to themselves, limbs and arms entwined.
The pain and the uncertainty of the day fading with the quiet of the evening.
Chapter 14

September 25th

Olivia's parents were due any minute.
She and Sebastian made a last ditch effort to make sure everything was perfect. He'd grilled a couple of steaks, they were resting in the oven, there was a hand-tossed salad from his garden, some baked potatoes, and a pie Olivia had baked herself for dessert. They'd decided to host her parents for the evening, at Sebastian's place.
Olivia wasn't ready for her parents to see the state of her own home. There were boxes everywhere, a dumpster had been delivered out front, and the place was in all out disarray. After her and Sebastian's big blow up, then her discussion with the cops, and the evening of love making with Sebastian that ensued, they'd spent pretty much every waking moment outside of work, together.
And together, they'd had another conversation with Detective Ramsey, who agreed to wait until after the baby was born to collect a DNA sample, as, although they had found a string of like crimes in the past decade, there weren't any solid leads or suspects, or even any other instances of DNA being left behind. This guy was good, and he'd been at it for a while.
They'd decided not to tell her parents about the rape, not now, hopefully not ever if they could help it. Which was another reason she wasn't thrilled about them visiting her at home. How could she, someone who had never been scared of anything in her life, explain the tall barbed wire fences, and the trained attack dog? No, she wasn't ready to go there.
Since Sebastian had asked her to move in with him the previous weekend, and she'd ecstatically agreed, she figured she could find a way to get out of her parents coming to her place at all, it was a mess as she sorted through things and packed, so there really wasn't any reason they needed to be there. She'd told them as much when she'd talked to them over the phone the night before. They were excited to see her, see how she'd “blossomed with child” as her mother had put it, and they were excited to meet the new man in her life.
She'd told them all about Sebastian, his life, his profession, how they had met, and the fact that despite her pregnancy they had fallen in love. She had sensed something in her mother’s voice as she'd told her about it all, about moving in with Sebastian, but what it was she couldn't say. She'd just stuck to the script and told them her house was a mess while she packed and sorted, so they would have dinner at Sebastian's home, her new home.
Besides, she spent most nights here anyways. And while Spook had already made the move along with her, Rowdy remained at her residence. She was only working half days at this point and went home after work to continue packing and take care of Rowdy, as soon as the move was permanent though, he'd join them at Sebastian's place, no, their place.
It was going to take some time to get used to that. Calling his place her home.
Rowdy and Sebastian were getting along just famously, and Sebastian was glad that she had Rowdy to look after her when he couldn't be there. As for Spook, though she'd come back around a little, she still seemed to prefer Sebastian's company over Olivia's, spending the remainder of her time looking out one of the many windows and chasing the butterflies that ventured too near the glass. Olivia figured it was a lost cause. But she'd made quite an impact of her own on both Biff and Buff, so maybe they were even.
All in all, things were perfect. Her stalker had even stopped sending her gifts. Detective Ramsey had several thoughts on that, either that having made a mistake with the working girl, that he was lying low, or that he was biding his time, preparing for something bigger. The latter of which kept her up at night. At least long enough for Sebastian to realize it before rolling over and helping her work up enough of a sweat that they'd pass out together afterward. Those nights were the best. They made love with such passion and fervor. Olivia couldn't remember a time she'd ever been happier.
“Are you sure you want to stick to the artificial insemination bit?” Sebastian asked, throwing her back into the present.
“Huh? What?”
“Your parents, I know you told them it was artificial insemination, but with, with you moving in with me and all, we could just say the baby is mine.”
Olivia smiled, trailed a finger down his arm. “I don't want to pressure you into something you're not ready for Sebastian. We talked about this.”
“No, you talked about this, I wasn't listening.” He said with a grin, pulling her into his arms and smothering her in a kiss filled with urgency and desire.
Dazed, Olivia blinked up at him. “Let's just stick to the script for now.”
“As you wish.” He teased, nibbling on her ear lobe. The doorbell ringing at what felt like the most inopportune time.
“That'll be my parents. Are you ready to face the fire?”
Sebastian laughed in answer, throwing his head back and hooting as he went for the door.
Olivia's parents immediately greeted him with smiles and hugs as they crossed the threshold and he showed them into the dining room where the table had already been set. Franklin, her father, a rather imposing man with dark features and the most vibrant green eyes, took one look at Olivia and flew into her outstretched arms.
“Chaírete!” Franklin remarked, holding Olivia's hands out in front of him and looking her over from top to bottom before enveloping her in another hug. “You look, fantastic my agápi! does she not Ellie? Does our mikró korítsi not glow?”
Eleanor stood back for a second, gave her daughter a thorough once over and smiled. A smile that radiated across her entire face, lighting it up in such a way that surely the angels cried. Olivia looked so much like her mother. The long dark hair, the deep blue eyes, as blue as the depths of the ocean, and just as fathomless. And with the ethereal bone structure of a goddess. Ellie, as her husband had called her, swooped her daughter into her embrace the moment her husband had released her.
“Motherhood looks good on you moró! Oh, it is so good to see you my agápi.”
 “Oh, mitéra oh bampás.” Olivia cried, holding each of their hands, “how I've missed you. Gosh, where are my manners?” She turned their attention on Sebastian, who stood in awe of the scene they presented. His heart ached for his own family. “mitéra, bampás, this is Sebastian. Sebastian, this is my mother Eleanor, and my father Franklin.”
“Oh please.” Eleanor beamed, “It's Ellie, and call him Frank.” She smirked, hooking a finger towards her husband. “It is so nice to finally meet you, Sebastian, thank you so much for having us for dinner.”
Frank stepped forward, slapped Sebastian on the back, “What do you say to a drink before dinner?” He winked at Olivia, “none for the mikró korítsi though.”
Sebastian didn't hesitate, he grabbed a couple of wine glasses, poured them each a drink, Olivia some apple juice, and they all toasted to being together, and to the future.
A while later, as Sebastian and her father took a tour of the house and the grounds, Olivia sat out on the porch with her mother, sipping sweet tea and enjoying the view as the sun began its final descent.
“I like Sebastian, kóri he will make a good father.” Her mother remarked, giving her a sidelong glance as she drank her wine.
“Mitéra,” Olivia moaned.
Ellie held up a hand, “I know, I know. You do not want to talk about it. I will leave it alone for now kóri, but someday you will have to tell me the truth.”
Olivia was aghast. Her brow began to bead with sweat despite the cool breeze of the evening air.
“Oh do not look at me like that. I know you Olivia, and an artificial insemination? you would do no such thing. We are not stupid your father and I.”
“I never, I never said you were.”
“Then why do you keep the truth from us? I understand a lot more about the current society than you might assume little one. Would you think perhaps I might not approve of you having slept with a man so soon after meeting him? Any fool could see how in love the two of you are. I understand about lust you know.”
So she assumed Sebastian was the father then.
Clearly, her mother hadn't put two and two together in regards to her “robbery.” Or maybe her brother hadn't told their parents after all. She'd begged him not to, there was no reason for them to worry or come rushing home to protect her, and as she hadn't heard anything from them about it, she guessed he either hadn't told them or else he had convinced them it was really no big deal.
On the other side of the property, sitting on a couple of logs with beers in their hands as a small fire roared to life, Sebastian and Frank had a good heart to heart.
“I mean to marry her sir,” Sebastian told him once there was finally a lull in the conversation. Frank really liked to talk.
Frank was silent for a moment, then with a smile and a nod, he placed a hand on Sebastian's shoulder. “And you are asking for my permission, no?”
Sebastian gulped, “yes sir.”
Frank hooted, slapping him on the back. “You are a slow one no? I would have thought you would have asked her months ago! Why did the two of you wait so long? Are you not going to marry her before the little moró gets here? You would have my grandchild be labeled a bastard?”
“No, sir. No, I don't want that at all. Your daughter, though, she's a little headstrong.”
“Ahh, like her mama. My Ellie is a stubborn one!” He laughed, going off on a tangent about how he met his wife, and how it had taken him nearly a year to convince her to even go out on a date with him!
Sebastian couldn't picture it. Yes, Ellie was beautiful beyond words, but Frank was no louse, he was most certainly a very handsome and charming man. He couldn't fathom how anyone, even Ellie, could deny him anything. Sebastian hardly knew the man himself, but as he spoke of his wife, of his children, and asked Sebastian about what the future might hold, Sebastian wanted to promise him everything, anything that he might want.
“You are a good man Sebastian, you will make a good father to the little moró even if it is the moró of a very bad man, I know you will love it just the same.”
Sebastian was taken aback; he didn't know what to say. Too stunned really to even think. Frank smiled as he watched the emotions flitter across Sebastian's face.
“You did not think I know?” He shook his head. “Our son, Amadeus, he called me, he told me about the attack, and wouldn't you know it, she turns up pregnant, comes up with some story about a frozen pop. And then there is you. I love my daughter Sebastian, but she is not very good at the lying, eh?”
Dumbfounded, Sebastian shook his head. Still unsure of what to say at that point, lest he confirmed everything Frank had just said.
“You will marry her no matter what, and I commend you for that. You have my blessing Sebastian, and I hope you give the little moró your name as well. My Olivia, she deserves to be happy, no?”
“Your Olivia, my Olivia,” he said with a slight pause, smiling to himself as he thought of her, “deserves so much more than I could ever give her, but I'm sure as hell going to try anyways.”
Sebastian choked as Frank slapped him on the back again, “that a boy!” He said.

“Your parents are wonderful,” Sebastian told her later as they lay in each other’s arms. Stark naked and sated by their recent lovemaking. Sebastian stroked a finger lovingly down the side of her arm, and smiling, Olivia snuggled closer.
“They are, aren't they?”
“They know the truth, Olivia.” He said after a few more minutes. The decision to tell her or not weighed heavily on him. He didn't like keeping secrets from her, not now, not after what they had already been through together, and it wasn't as if her father had told him he couldn't talk to Olivia about their knowledge of it, but still, he wondered if it would be right, would be fair to tell her if they hadn't.
Olivia shook her head, “no, my mother thinks you're the baby's father.”
“Does she?” He asked, rolling over so that he could look into her eyes.
“Yes, she told me that she understood a thing or two about lust, about sex before marriage. And then she told me a very graphic, and very disturbing might I add, story about how she and my father had 'hooked up' long before they'd ever made any kind of commitment to each other.”
“Oh.” He mouthed. “Well, your father knows anyhow, maybe he hasn't said anything to your mother.”
“You two talked about it?”
Sebastian nodded, “sort of, that is, he mentioned it. We didn't really discuss it at length you know, he just mentioned it is all.”
Olivia thought about that for a minute. Her father was truly an amazing man, and if he knew the truth, which, since she believed Sebastian, meant that he did, then he was even more of a hero in her eyes for not telling her mother. She knew if her mother had known the truth, she wouldn't have brought up that conversation in her roundabout way, of her thoughts on Sebastian being a good father. She would have been straight with her, and God knows what else.
So for her father to put those ideas into her head rather than to tell his wife of forty years the truth, well, that meant a lot to Olivia.
“My mother wouldn't have understood,” Olivia said at last, the lull in the conversation having stretched uncomfortably. “She's not a cold woman, but she wouldn't have understood why I chose to keep the baby, and subsequently, the reminder of the attack. So I guess my father must have made up some story, about you and me, maybe a one-night stand that turned into something more. I don't know, but I guess I should thank him for it.”
There was another long silence, Sebastian laying back and smiling to himself as he remembered having gotten her father's blessing. Remembering the way her mother had looked at him. She thought he was the baby's father. And Frank wanted him to be the baby's father.
“Wow. She really thinks I'm the father?” He said in astonishment.
“You seem happy about that,” Olivia beamed.
“I, I guess I am. When I asked you to move in with me Olivia, I figured we'd get married somewhere down the line, and that maybe you'd let me adopt the baby.”
“Did you now? You figured we'd get married?” There was a small glimmer of mischief in her eyes. “And when did you 'figure' you'd let me in on all of this?”
Sebastian blushed, rolling over and out of bed. Olivia sat up, pulling the sheets to her chest and watching with sheer admiration at his perfectly chiseled and naked body, as he walked over to the closet, pulled something out of a coat pocket and walked back over to her side of the bed. Her eyes went wide moments later though as he, still naked, knelt before her.
“I was going to wait for a, more appropriate, should I say, time, but well, what the hell.” He held out a small square black box before her, opened the lid, and there, encased in velvet was the most beautiful ring she'd ever seen.
One large solitary diamond, set in a traditional cut with at least a dozen smaller diamonds surrounding it and running the length of the top of the band. It glittered and shone brightly in the dim light, and Olivia's breath snagged in her lungs. Her hands flew to her mouth.
“Oh, Sebastian.” She shouted, throwing her arms around his neck and raining kisses down on his face. “Yes!” She yelled, “Yes, yes yes!”
He laughed and tried his damnedest to extricate her from around his body. “You didn't even let me ask the question, Olivia, how do you know I wasn't just going to ask you if you liked it? Getting a little ahead of yourself aren't you?”
Olivia jabbed him in the stomach, holding out her hand with her fingers splayed apart.
Sebastian, caught between laughter and pain from her ribbing, slid the ring on her finger. “Olivia Isabella Mozatis, will you marry me?”
She shook her head emphatically, turning her hand this way and that to examine the ring.
After admiring the icing on her finger for a few more moments, Olivia turned to Sebastian, who'd climbed back into bed with her already and was in the process of seducing her. He skimmed his hands all over her body, kissed her shoulders, the back of her neck, and beyond. And though she giggled, as his lips and fingers tickled her bare flesh, Olivia somehow managed to keep the better part of her lust at bay.
“Stop it.” She chuckled, pushing at his hands.
“Mmm... but I don't want to.” He moaned against the side of her neck. “I want to make love to my fiancé.”
Olivia gasped as he nipped at her shoulder. “Sebastian, please, just for a minute.”
“You really want to talk? now?”
She nodded, “I really want to talk, now.”
With a sigh, Sebastian sat up in bed next to her, his fingers still dancing along the inside of her thigh.
“There's, something I wanted to tell you. Something I've been thinking about for a while now, and well, since you've given me this wonderful gift,” she said holding her hand out in front of her so that the diamond glittered when the light caught it. “I thought maybe I'd give you a gift as well.”
“Oh?” Sebastian asked, inching his hand closer to the junction between her legs.
“Sebastian!”
With a laugh, Sebastian pulled his hands out from beneath the covers, holding them up in surrender. “Okay, okay, I give, what is it, Olivia?”
“I've thought of a name for the baby.” She was quiet a moment, watching as he cocked an eyebrow, out of curiosity or frustration she couldn't say. “I want to name her Leila. Leila Marie.”
His arrogant little smirk fell, and for a second Olivia thought he hated the idea. Maybe it was too painful a memory. But then he smiled softly, pulled her into his arms and kissed her with a wild abandon. “Olivia,” he said breathlessly a moment later. “I think it's a perfect name, and I'm so touched, but, are you sure?”
Her lips swollen by his onslaught, her mind a frazzled haze, Olivia just stared and nodded. If he was going to kiss her like that because of a name, why, she'd name all of their children after his family members!
“I'm sure.”
Sebastian held her face in his hands, rubbed at her cheeks with the pads of his thumbs, and as he smiled down at her, a single tear tracked down his face. But before she could notice it, Sebastian pulled her up against him and kissed her for all it was worth.
He made love to her mouth, this woman of his, the one of dreams, and then he made love to her body, he made love to her soul.
Chapter 15

October 17th

Olivia was nearing the end of her pregnancy, at just over thirty-eight weeks she was as big as a house. Or so she thought. Sebastian continued to tell her just how beautiful he thought she was though. And in the weeks since getting engaged, they'd stayed surprisingly busy.
Her parents had thrown them an engagement party at her brother's sandwich shop, shutting it down a few hours early to break out the finger foods and bubbly, apple juice for Olivia of course. And then they had all argued about both the date and the venue for the wedding. Olivia wanted to wait until well after the baby was born, time to be able to slim down a little, and have the appropriate amount of time to invite guests as well, because surely Sebastian's family would all want to be there.
And she wanted to get married at their house, the place was certainly big enough, and the property was just stunning.
Everyone, including the groom, thought that she and Sebastian should be married before the baby was born, and should just head down to the courthouse and get it over with. But Olivia was stubborn, and after talking to Sebastian's family one by one, and announcing their engagement over the phone or via Skype, she had finally convinced Sebastian to wait.
The baby was another matter.
Sebastian wanted Leila to have his last name, but Olivia was hesitant, and for so many reasons.
On the homefront, Olivia had just about sorted through everything in her house. There was a donate pile, a throwaway dumpster, a take to the new house pile, and one more for her brother, there were certain things that though she didn't have room for then at Sebastian's place, she didn't want to throw out or give to some stranger.
And once everything had been cleared away, Olivia called in a Realtor and began the arduous task of fixing the place up and staging it for an open house, which was scheduled for a couple of weeks after the baby's birth. She would miss the place, but she was excited about this new chapter of her life.
Rowdy was living at Sebastian's with them, and had taken to his new surroundings with ease. Biff and Buff enjoyed his company, and Rowdy enjoyed all the wide open spaces. He still went to the house with Olivia though when she was there, despite the lull in gifts from her attacker, she wasn't interested in taking any chances.
She was still working half days, and as her hands started swelling at regular intervals, she didn't wear her ring to work, nor had she decided to tell anyone, outside of Arthur, that she was engaged. She wasn't interested in hearing any more water cooler chit chat just now. The less stress the better she figured, and though he seemed injured by it, Sebastian swore he understood and agreed that they would wait until after the baby was born, and they had decided on a date before officially announcing their engagement to either of their workplaces.
Though she was pretty sure Dr. Waterman knew.
Olivia went to work that morning with a pep in her step. Everything seemed to be going her way. The nursery in the new home was already set up, three of the walls painted a soft pink, and one, the largest, done in a mural of a large meadow bursting with colorful flowers. It was dotted with horses and unicorns, with a stream running through it and while the sun was shining at one end, there were big white fluffy clouds at the other end with a giant rainbow shooting from them and down into the beautiful blue water of the stream.
It was something straight out of a fairytale, and Olivia had almost cried as she'd watched her mother paint it.
The bedroom was large, and had its own en-suite, which all of Sebastian's rooms did, and would grow with their daughter throughout the years. Their daughter. She still couldn't believe the ease with which not only Sebastian, but their entire families had embraced this baby. Sebastian was going to make an incredible father, and there was no doubt in her mind that he would love this baby as his own. As far as he was concerned, and he'd said it often, this baby was his.
The rest of Sebastian's family had been told the truth, but not one of them had balked at it. Natalie, Sebastian's mother was ecstatic about having another grandchild. Francesca and Rafe were taking their time in settling down, and she was thrilled that her youngest hadn't kept her waiting any longer. She had promised to visit in November for their first Thanksgiving, and then Olivia and Sebastian would hopefully fly out to California to meet the rest of the family for Christmas at Tatiana's place.
Yes, everything in Olivia's life was perfect. She had settled into her new home with ease, the pregnancy was going according to plan, and soon she would be married to the man of her dreams. She waved at Alley as she passed, and continued on down the hall, smiling and nodding to everyone she met. Jeremy the security guard, spotted her and held the elevator for her, smiling as they rode up together, and talking about such mundane things as the weather.
They went their separate ways as they stepped out of the elevator, him off to do his rounds, and she to Arthur's office to discuss her maternity leave.
Olivia hadn't taken a vacation in years, and because they were a generous company, Seaward Staffing allowed its employee's vacation time to accrue without an expiration date. So at this point, she probably had about a year's’ worth of vacation time coming to her. And if all went according to plan, she hoped to use it all.
“Arthur,” she smiled, hugging the big man and bending to kiss his cheek. “I'm so glad you're back.”
Mr. Seaward had been in Miami for the past month working with a contractor and drawing up the plans for the new office there that would open sometime in the next year or two.
“Olivia,” he said, holding her hands out in front of him and looking her over. “You look positively radiant.”
She blushed. “Thanks. Have you looked at my proposal?”
“Getting right down to business eh? I thought maybe we'd sit and chat a while.”
“Okay. What did you have in mind?” She asked taking a seat in front of Arthur's desk.
“How are you doing Olivia, really, how are you handling things?”
Olivia was touched by his concern, she reached over the big oak desk and clasped his hand. “I'm great Arthur. Honest, I've never been happier.”
He nodded, “I saw your parents the other day, we had dinner. Your brother's shop is quite prosperous, and your father, that rascal hasn't aged a bit.” He chuckled, patting his rather large stomach to indicate the pounds he'd packed on over the years.
“Yes, daddy looks great doesn't he?”
“Indeed. And your mother, still so beautiful.” He paused. “They're worried about you, you know.”
“I know.” She admitted with a nod.
“Your father and I had a nice little talk Olivia, and though I've only met the boy once, he and I both agree that Sebastian is perfect for you. I hope the two of you are immensely happy together.”
Olivia's face flushed red, she could feel the heat as it stole into her cheeks, “yes.” She agreed. “Sebastian is perfect for me, and he's going to be an incredible father to this child.”
Arthur nodded, “about your leave of absence...”
“Yes, sir?”
“That shouldn't be a problem. Expansion plans down in Miami are moving along, but even if we have it up and running before you get back, we'll manage without you.” He winked, squeezing her hand before releasing it and rapping his knuckles on the top of his blotter. “Now then, when do you want to start maternity leave? You look like you might pop any minute!”
Olivia laughed, and the two of them discussed the extent of her plans. She would continue to work half days until the end of the week and then start her three months of maternity leave before taking a year off and using all but two weeks of her accrued vacation time. She was going to miss this place, miss working, but it was more important that she spend the first year of her daughter's life at home, taking care of her. And once she came back to work, as she would then be filling in the hole that Arthur would be leaving as he moved to Florida to handle the new location there, she would have a more flexible schedule, she'd work a couple of half days, one full one and the rest of the time be on call for consults or emergencies, doing the bulk of her work from her newly designed home office.
Being the boss would have its advantages. She'd already gotten the raise that had come along with the job, but now she'd be able to do most of her work from home once she returned from her leave. Oh yes, life was truly good to Olivia.
After putting in a full day's’ worth of work in half that time, Olivia closed her office door and locked up for the afternoon. She checked in with Arthur and let him know she was leaving for the day, but since he was on the phone, he gave a little mock salute to which she responded with a curt wave before catching the elevator and heading downstairs.
Olivia stopped off at the receptionist’s desk to let Alley know she was leaving and that all of her calls should be directed to the office manager.
And that's when it happened.
Right in the middle of her conversation, Olivia felt a whoosh of liquid, before doubling over in pain. In shock.
“Olivia!” Alley screamed, rushing around the desk to her.
“Oh my god!” She could hear Jeremy shout as he headed their way from his post at the front door. “Call 911!” He yelled at Alley, bending so that he could talk to Olivia.
Alley nodded, that deer in the headlight look on her face as she rushed over to the phone and called for an ambulance.
Olivia's ears were ringing, there was a loud buzz in her head, and a side-splitting pain in her abdomen. Just as she was coming to terms with the fact that her water had broken, she felt a warm sticky sensation oozing down her thigh. Looking between her legs, both she and Jeremy watched as her khaki slacks turned crimson.
“Oh God,” she moaned.
Jeremy rubbed her back, his face was ashen, he looked like he was going to be sick.
They could hear the wail of the ambulance as it pulled up in front of the building, the doors crashing open as the paramedics rushed through pushing a stretcher. And the last thing Olivia remembered before she fainted was the smell of stale cigarettes and pepperoni. A smell that for some reason she couldn't pinpoint just then, turned her stomach in fear.

He watched from the sidewalk, stricken as they loaded Olivia into the ambulance, then he rushed back into the office, clocked out and told Alley he'd call when he'd heard something. No one thought to tell him it wasn't his place. And he wouldn't have cared if they had. He'd already put in for a few months of personal time, but what did he care if he got fired instead? They'd still owe him for all of his accrued vacation time anyways.
All he cared about right now was Olivia.
He thought he'd heard Alley saying something about calling her brother, but he wasn't paying attention. He needed to get to that hospital before the ambulance did. He needed to be there for Olivia, for his baby. Their baby.
He took a few shortcuts through alleys and unmarked truck routes, making it to St. Catherine's a full five minutes before the ambulance, and was waiting for them in the maternity ward when they wheeled her in.
“Olivia!” He shouted waving, gaining her attention.
“Jeremy? What are you doing here?” She croaked as he came up alongside her. One paramedic was standing by watching her vitals closely as the other had run off to the nurse’s station and was conferring with the hospital staff.
“I needed to make sure you were okay.” He replied, taking her hand for a moment before she pulled away from him.
She was right in the middle of saying something when someone shouted her name from behind.
“Olivia!” They shouted again, rushing up the hall towards them.
Olivia smiled, and the sight nearly sickened him when he saw the good doctor come into view. Jeremy took a step back as the man approached, taking control of the stretcher.
“Dr. Esparza!” A nurse called. “I just spoke to a Kassie at the office, Dr. Waterman is in surgery across town, he'll be here as soon as he can.”
Sebastian shook his head, running a hand through Olivia's hair. “It's okay.” He said, “I can handle it.” He smiled down at Olivia, “she is my fiancé after all.” Everyone looked at him in shock, including Jeremy. What the hell had he just said? Sebastian looked over to the paramedics, “fill me in on what's going on.” He commanded.
“She's hemorrhaging pretty bad; lost a lot of blood I'd say. Her water broke forty-five minutes ago, then she started bleeding. Her vitals are pretty strong despite the blood loss.”
“That's my girl.” Sebastian cooed, “you just hang in there Olivia, I'll take care of everything. I promise.”
The rat bastard gave Jeremy one quick sympathetic look before heading down the hall with Olivia, and Jeremy ground his back teeth together watching. Engaged? When the hell had that happened? And why hadn't he heard about it until now? It was true that he'd been a little distracted lately, that he'd stopped spying on her at home long ago, but he still felt like he'd been pretty on top of things. In all the times he'd seen her around the office, talked to her, he'd never seen a ring on her finger, and she'd never said anything about being engaged.
As far as he knew, their relationship had ended months ago!
Jeremy stalked out of the hospital, he knew they weren't going to give him any updates on Olivia or the baby, and there wasn't much more he could at this point. So he went back to work. He told everyone at the office what little he knew and started plotting his and Olivia's future while he pretended to focus on his crappy job.

Olivia was rushed into surgery.
Her placenta had torn away and the baby's blood pressure was dropping, her daughter was in great distress and losing oxygen fast. If they didn't get her out of there soon, she'd suffocate.
And as a result, she needed an emergency Cesarean section. Olivia was scared, hell, she was beyond scared, but Sebastian was doing his best to assure her that she was going to be okay. They would both be okay. Dr. Waterman wasn't going to make it time, so Sebastian would perform the surgery. St. Catherine's was a Catholic hospital, so they didn't allow sterilization procedures, thus Dr. Waterman was performing a tubal ligation on a patient at a hospital across town.
He was just finishing up, so there was no possible way to get to Olivia in time to save her and the baby.
Olivia was prepped, laid down on the table, arms strapped to the sides after they'd administered the spinal tap. Her vitals were slightly down, but the staff was ready to go, and within minutes Sebastian began cutting a small horizontal line into her lower abdomen.
They were able to staunch the flow of blood, and in no time at all, Olivia felt a great pressure as Sebastian pulled their little girl from her gaping womb. Leila's first plaintive wails sounded throughout the surgical suite as Sebastian cut her umbilical cord and handed her off to a nurse to get cleaned up
Leila certainly had a set of lungs on her, and she wasn't afraid to let the world know just how unhappy she was at the moment.
In another half hour, they had the bleeding completely under control and Sebastian had just finished sewing her back up. In half that time, they had Leila cleaned up to an acceptable degree and placed her on Olivia's chest.
Looking into the deep blue eyes of her little girl, Olivia smiled, then cried. Rubbing her nose back and forth against Leila's nose, cooing to her and telling her how much she loved the little girl already. Upon being set on Olivia's chest, Leila had immediately quieted, staring into the loving eyes of her mother. Blinking her too long lashes that sat awkwardly against her reddened cheeks when she closed her eyes. They were some of the longest eyelashes Olivia had ever seen and she giggled watching her little girl. Everything about Leila was perfect. From her mop of dark hair, to her pert little nose, Olivia was so in love.
The baby was taken to the nursery then to be washed up better and given a more thorough checkup. Along with whatever else they did to babies when they were first born, she thought to herself as they wheeled her into recovery.
Olivia felt drowsy, her limbs felt heavy, and her back itched something fierce! The nurse administered some Benadryl and then left her for a few minutes to see to something else Olivia presumed. Before wandering off, however, she had asked Sebastian, who was sitting at an open station across the small hall if he didn't mind looking out for Olivia for a few seconds. Sebastian laughed at some joke the two had shared, then went back to whatever it was he was doing.
Olivia could hear him talking, just briefly before she closed her eyes and dozed, about her and the surgery. She figured he was doing charts, maybe those things were recorded these days.
When next she awoke, Olivia was in a large maternity room, her parents sitting across from each other at a table playing cards, and her brother on a couch watching a baseball game on the TV. A nurse entered the room a few minutes later.
“So you're awake.” She smiled while checking her vitals. “Would you like me to bring the baby in from the nursery?”
Tears streaming down her face, tears of joy, of course, Olivia smiled back at her and nodded. “Yes, please.” She said.
Once the nurse was gone, Olivia turned to her parents, “how long have you guys been here?”
“Oh, only about fifteen minutes or so.” Her father said, coming over and placing a kiss on her sweaty forehead.
“The little moró is beautiful Olivia,” Her mother announced, leaning down to kiss her as well.
“You saw her?”
“Yeah, we all peeked into the nursery before heading off to find you. She looks just like you Olivia.” Her brother beamed.
The nurse came back into the room, wheeling a small cart in front of her, and as she drew closer, the little bundle inside began to squirm and make frustrated little baby noises. Picking the baby up, the nurse set the tiny package gently into Olivia's arms, where as soon as she looked into her mother's face, Leila began to quiet down again.
One by one, after getting a closer look at the newborn, her family members left the room to give her some privacy, and alone with her daughter, Olivia opened up the front of her gown and led the baby's mouth towards her breast. Leila rooted and latching on, nursed with a sense of vigor. It was the most magical, and most overwhelming moment of her life, and without even realizing it, Olivia burst into tears.
Chapter 16



Olivia's family visited the pair for the better part of the evening, promising to see them again once they'd gotten settled in back at home. Olivia spent every waking moment of that afternoon admiring her little bundle of joy. Between fits of crying and laughter, as Leila's tiny personality began to take shape, Olivia fell deeper and deeper in love with her daughter.
At the end of the day, finally finished with both his rounds at the hospital and his duties at the office, Sebastian came to see them. It wasn't in the professional capacity though as Dr. Waterman had rushed over to look in on them once he'd finished with his routine surgery across town. He apologized profusely for not having been there but was happy that she had been left in Sebastian's capable hands. Satisfied that both mother and baby were doing well, he left her with the knowledge that he would be back the next day to check on her sutures and to see how she was feeling.
Olivia was feeling like crap. Her abdomen ached and every inch of her body itched! The nurse told her as the medicine wore off the intensity of the itching would subside, and they kept her plied with an antihistamine in the interim. But she'd had to have her brother put a towel behind her back to rub against, and her mother had left her hair brush to use as a scratcher of sorts as well. It was most uncomfortable.
Seeing Sebastian walk into the room made it all better though. Leila was in her little crib sleeping, and after stopping to look at her, stroking her soft downy head, and placing a delicate kiss to the snoozing baby's plump little cheek, a gesture that had Olivia near tears, Sebastian crossed to her and sat on the edge of the hospital bed.
“She's beautiful, Olivia.” He said, near exhaustion himself after such a long and no doubt, stressful day. “She's absolutely beautiful.” Sebastian leaned forward, kissed her lightly on the lips, and stroked a finger down the side of her cheek. “I thought I might lose you back there Olivia.” He confessed, burying his face in her hair. “I was so scared.”
Lacing her fingers in the thick tangled mass on his head, Olivia sighed, kissing his hair. Olivia couldn't help but smile, her heart felt so full of love it was hard to keep it all in. In the next instant, however, she was grimacing and rubbing up against the towel at her back.
“Olivia? What's the matter? Does your back hurt?”
“No,” she croaked, rubbing harder. “It itches damn it, my whole freaking body itches!”
Laughing, Sebastian helped her sit forward a little bit and scratched her back until she sighed contentedly. “Better?”
“Mmmhmm.” She moaned.
Sebastian moved to take a look at her charts for a moment, making a mental notation before he turned back and kissed Olivia on the brow. “I'll let the nurse know you're due for a shot of Benadryl, and then I'm going to go get something to eat, stop at home for a change of clothes, and feed the mongrels. Is there anything you need?”
Olivia was so moved by his generosity, the way he cared so much about her, she began to shake her head no, then stopped. “Maybe just my hospital bag? I wasn't prepared for this you know, so, I never got the chance to grab it. It would be nice to have all my own stuff.”
“Of course. I'll make sure I don't forget it.” He laughed, leaning in for one more kiss. “I'll see you in a little bit. Get some rest.”
“Oh, wait.” She called, catching him just before he left the room.
“Yeah?”
“Could you do me a favor, and hand me the baby. It's time for Leila to eat.”
“Sure.” He walked over to the crib, cradled the baby gently in his arms and stared at her with the biggest smile on his face as he handed the baby over to her. Leila stirred, gave a little peep during the transaction and then settled against Olivia's breast and nursed greedily. “She looks just like you Olivia.” He said in awe as he watched the two of them. His fiancé, and his baby. His little girl. And in that moment, he silently promised to love them both, forever, and not to ever let anything happen to the two of them. With one last smile in their direction, Sebastian went off in search of the nurse’s station. He wanted to make sure his little family got the best care after all.

By morning, the itchiness had subsided enough to where it was bearable without medication, but after she'd cleaned Olivia up, the nurse on duty informed her that her catheter would be removed, and she'd have to start working up the nerve to get out of bed and move around.
Just the thought of it had Olivia ready to panic, and with Sebastian gone, who had been with her all night, and proved to be an amazing support staff, having a full schedule ahead of him, to include a couple of routine surgeries in the afternoon, she was afraid she might not make it through the day.
Leila had been taken away to have some routine testing done, and as she was alone in the room after the nurse's departure, Olivia tried to take a couple of deep breaths. Sebastian said he would check in on her at lunch time, she could make it until then. She had to.
It turned out that having the catheter removed was more uncomfortable than painful, but the sensation afterward, the need to pee and the burning of her urethra was simply too much. She cried and fussed so much that the nurse finally gave her something for the pain, as it appeared she was due for it anyways. And after allowing the drug to numb her system for a few, and letting Leila get in a feeding, the nurse had her up and out of bed, urging her to try and use the bathroom.
It was awful, just God awful. She felt like she needed to pee, but the sensation of trying to go was most uncomfortable. After sitting on the toilet for some time, listening to the water in the faucet run for inspiration, Olivia finally gave up and had the nurse assist her back into the room, where she was seated in an overstuffed chair in front of the TV. There would be no getting back into bed for Olivia, at least not for a little while.
And her abdomen protested with every movement. After such a major surgery, Olivia wondered just how smart it was to have her up and moving around. But she wasn't a doctor, and Sebastian had told her what to expect over the next couple of days. Pain, pain, and more pain. Oh, and lots and lots of warm prune juice. Yuck.
But they had to get her bowels moving again. After interrupting the flow of things, there was lots of gas trapped in her intestines, or so she'd been told. She managed to suffer through and gulp down several small glasses of the warm liquid throughout the day, and though she hated every minute of her recovery, she only needed to look at her beautiful little girl to realize that it was all worth it in the end.
Just before noon, there was a knock at the door. Hoping it was Sebastian, come to have lunch with her, she fixed herself up best she could, put Leila back into her crib and fluffed her hair for good measure, sitting back in bed and turning the volume down on the TV.
A small group of people from her office came in instead. Though mildly disappointed, Olivia's smile was genuine when she looked them all over. Arthur led the way, followed by his wife, Alley the receptionist, Jeremy the security guard and Amber, her personal assistant.
The Seaward's were the first to coo over the baby, setting a large pink bag on the table beside Olivia's bed, and looking down at the sweet sleeping baby. “May I?” Arthur's wife Gabby asked.
Olivia nodded, grinning from ear to ear as the older woman picked up her child and rocked her back and forth. The Seawards were the same age if not a couple of years older than her own parents, though both of their children were a few years younger than Olivia and both were without spouses or children of their own. So she could understand the joy and the wonderment on their faces as they held her precious baby girl.
“I bet you'll be on kids' asses for some grandchildren of your own now won't you?” Amber said, stroking a finger along the baby's head. Word around the office was that she had a pretty big crush on Arthur's son, but the two weren't dating to Olivia's knowledge though they did hang out at times.
Arthur laughed, taking the baby from his wife and setting her back in the crib. Nobody else seemed comfortable enough to even ask about holding her.
“What's her name?” Jeremy finally asked, his eyes riveted on the child.
“Leila. Leila Marie.”
“She's beautiful, she looks just like you.” He remarked.
Something in the way he looked at the baby, her baby, unsettled her. And when he reached down and laid a hand gently on her little tummy, tapping it in what was likely a soothing gesture, the bottom dropped out of Olivia's stomach, she was filled with panic, and she couldn't have said why.
This was Jeremy, a man she'd known since first coming to work for the agency. He was a nice guy, a very nice guy. But something felt so wrong, so incredibly wrong.
Olivia didn't have much time to think on it however as the door to her room opened again, and Sebastian walked in. Carrying a large paper bag, that smelled heavenly, he strolled in with a huge smile on his face.
“Did I miss the party?” He joked, looking around the room and noticing the gift bag before settling his eyes on Olivia.
“So there's the proud father,” Arthur beamed, laying a hand on Sebastian's shoulder. “I heard you even delivered her! Must have been something, doing a C-section on your own fiancé and delivering your own child!”
“Yes sir,” Sebastian agreed, still smiling. “It was quite a nerve-wracking experience if I do say so myself.”
“It was touch and go there for a little while wasn't it?” Jeremy piped in, looking a little disgruntled if Olivia wasn't mistaken. “She was bleeding all over the floor at the office, I thought we were going to lose her.”
Alley nodded in agreement, going white as she remembered the events of the previous day.
Cocking his head, Sebastian considered Jeremy for a moment, forcing a smile that Olivia knew wasn't genuine, did he feel it too? she wondered.
“She was hemorrhaging yes, but Olivia's tough, and she made it through the whole ordeal just fine. Thanks to your quick thinking young man.” He added, laying a hand over Olivia's and taking a quick peek at the baby. “I brought you some lunch,” Sebastian said after another minute, grabbing the bag he'd set down.
Arthur took the hint, rounding everyone up with a mere look. “I guess we ought to be going then. Let you two get some privacy.” He looked down at Leila one more time, that soft smile gracing his lips as he placed a hand on the small of his wife's back. “Olivia, I expect you to bring this little girl to the office as soon as you two feel up to it.” He said.
“Of course. And thanks again for coming by. Everyone.” She told them, looking each of them in the eyes briefly. Jeremy was staring at the baby again, but with Sebastian at her side, Olivia didn't have that same sense of dread as she had before. Maybe she was just being paranoid she thought to herself as they all left the room, Alley giving her a little finger waggle before closing the door.
After sharing a couple of greasy but really good burgers, they rifled through the bag Arthur had left for them, oohing and aahing over the tiny little onesies inside and the little pink stuffed dog. Olivia pretty much already had everything Leila would need for the next couple of years, but the little outfits were so cute she couldn't help getting all teary eyed just looking at them.
Sebastian set the bag on the floor, noticing a folder underneath he picked it up and started flipping through it. “Oh good,” he said, startling Olivia, who looked up with wide eyes for a second. “You haven't filled these out yet.” He continued, tapping on the paperwork inside.
Earlier that morning someone from vital statistics had dropped by, but as Olivia was in the bathroom at the time, trying desperately to empty her painful bladder, the woman had just left the folder on the table and told her she'd be by again later to explain everything and get some information about the baby from Olivia.
“The lady from vital statistics said she'd come back later, I was, um, indisposed at the time.” She managed with a blush.
Sebastian shook his head, pulling a pen from his lab coat. “No problem, I can help you with it.” He pulled the little bedside table across her lap, spread a couple of the documents on top of it and handed her the pen, instructing her on what to do. When they came to the document for the birth certificate, however, Sebastian put his hand on top of it, preventing her from writing on it.
“What are you doing?” She giggled, trying to push his hand out of the way.
“Hang on a second,” he cut in, laughing himself as she struggled to get his hand to budge.
“What? What is it?”
“I want to sign the birth certificate.”
“What?” she repeated.
“You heard me, Olivia, I want to sign the birth certificate.”
“Sebastian no, we talked about this.”
He shook his head, pulled the document off the table. “No, Olivia. You talked about this, and I argued with you every step of the way. Why won't you let me do this?”
The door opened then, Jeremy peeking around the corner with a sheepish grin on his face. “Hey, uh, sorry to interrupt,” He said, looking a little piqued. “I uh, I think I might have left my...” He trailed off for a second, looked around the room, his gaze landing on a table near where he had been sitting during his visit. “Yep, there it is.” He beamed, picking a slim watch up off the floor under one of the chairs, and holding it up for them to see. “Stupid thing keeps falling off my wrist.”
Sebastian gave him a half smile half nod kind of gesture, clearly annoyed.
Jeremy strapped the watch back on, looked down into the baby crib with a smile then started back towards the door. “Sorry again. I'll let you two get back to whatever it was you were doing.”
“It's okay,” Olivia assured him, snatching the paper away from Sebastian in his moment of distraction as he continued to subtly glower at Jeremy. “I'll see you back at the office in a couple of weeks.”
Jeremy smiled, ignoring Sebastian, his eyes glued on Olivia as he backed out of the room and closed the door behind him.
“Guy's a little weird, no?” Sebastian remarked, nearly ripping the paper as he pulled it back out of Olivia's grasp.
She leaned over and looked down at Leila who had so far remained sound asleep through their little argument, “he's kind of strange I guess, but Jeremy's a pretty nice guy.”
“Whatever. Back to the birth certificate, I want to sign it Olivia, and I'm not going to change my mind.”
“Sebastian,” she huffed, “why are you being so damn stubborn about this?”
He smiled sweetly, “don't like it when someone gives you a taste of your own medicine sweetheart?”
“Ugh. Come on Sebastian, you know why I don't want to let you do this.”
“And I think your reasons are all stupid.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“Olivia,” he pleaded, “just let me do it.”
Olivia crossed her arms over her chest, and let out an exasperated sigh. “What happens if this doesn't work out between us? What happens if I die in some weird crazy accident? What happens if she needs some sort of operation and neither of our blood types match?”
“Oh my God woman!” He shouted when she would have prattled on. “Would you listen to yourself?”
She closed her mouth, pouting as he explained to her why all of her logic was utterly and pathetically flawed.
“First off, this thing with us, it is going to work out. But on the crazy off chance that you get sick of me somewhere down the line, we'll figure it out. I'm willing to take complete responsibility for this child Olivia, if that means I get stuck paying child support in the future, then fine, I'll do it. And I'll expect visitation rights in return.”
“But you shouldn't have to!”
“Olivia, even if I don't sign the birth certificate, marrying you means I accept responsibility for the baby, and you not putting a name on the certificate automatically makes me financially responsible if we divorce.”
“Humph, then we won't get married.”
“Oh shut the hell up.” He said with a smile, pulling her hand to his lips and pressing a gentle kiss to her palm. “As for the rest of it, I am assuming we'll have other children, so if something happens to you, I'll gladly care for all of our kids.”
Olivia's heart began to melt, she felt warm and lightheaded as he held onto her hand, looking her in the eyes while he promised to care for not just Leila, but any of their future offspring as well.
“And about the whole blood type thing. You're A-positive, and believe it or not I'm A-positive as well, not that it matters, and yes, before you ask, Leila is A-positive, so it doesn't matter a damn what blood type her biological father has. She'll be just fine. And if the day ever comes when we decide, together, that we want to tell her I'm not her biological father, then so be it. Plenty of children are adopted Olivia, and they grow up to be normal well-adjusted adults. Let me sign the damn birth certificate.”
“What about the police?” She squeaked in a last ditch effort, already battling back the tears his soft words had provoked.
“What about the police?”
“Well, they want a DNA sample, what if they catch this guy, isn't it illegal or something to put your name on the birth certificate if you're not the father?”
Still holding her hand, he patted the top of it. “Olivia, Olivia, Olivia,” he groaned. “I'm sure that Detective Ramsey isn't going to give a flying hoot about whose name is on the birth certificate, but if it ever came up in court, it's simple...”
“How do you figure?”
“The court doesn't have to know how long ago we did or didn't meet. You just say you weren't sure whose baby it was.”
“But that's a lie!”
“Is it? Do you know who the father of your baby is?”
“Well no...”
“Exactly, and that's what you would tell the court, you don't have to elaborate on our relationship, you just say you didn't know who the father of the child was, and I, knowing the circumstances, was still willing to sign the birth certificate. I look like an idiot, but hey...” He said with a shrug.
Olivia thought about that for a minute. And afterward, she felt like an utter fool. Here was a man, a man that loved her, a man that loved Leila, a man that could and would provide for them, a man that wanted to sign the birth certificate and give her little girl his last name, and here she was, fighting him! How stupid was that? God, Sebastian was right, her reasons were all completely stupid!
“Okay.” She said after a time. Then with a little more conviction, “okay, you can sign the birth certificate.”
Sebastian smiled, threw his arms around her and squeezed just for an instant before remembering that she'd just had major abdominal surgery the day before. With a sheepish grin as she groaned in pain, he sat back down, kissed one hand, then the other and picked up the pen, filling out the necessary paperwork that would declare that he was the father of Leila Marie.
Leila Marie Esparza.
It really was a lovely name, and she was such a beautiful little girl. There wasn't one part of her that Sebastian could see that wasn't Olivia. The hair, the eyes, the nose, the bone structure that surely hid underneath all the cute little baby plumpness. It was all Olivia. Not one inch of that baby was the man that had sired her.
And now she was officially his. He had a baby. Olivia's baby.
Chapter 17



That rat bastard was going to sign the birth certificate! His child's birth certificate! And there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it! Fuck! Jeremy drove back to the office in a rage, he couldn't believe the nerve of that guy, the nerve of that bitch!
It wasn't enough that she was going to marry him, no, oh no, she was going to let him claim Jeremy's child as his own! What a load of bullshit! Jeremy was of half a mind to march right in there and tell them he was the father, that it was his baby, and that the rat bastard couldn't sign his daughter's birth certificate! The beast inside was waging a war, fighting against his restraints. He wanted a piece of Sebastian Esparza, doctor and rat bastard extraordinaire!
He knew what would happen if he tried to stop it though, they'd call the police and he'd get arrested, and that would be that. He'd be thrown in a cage and even if he fought for parental rights, he'd probably never get them given the circumstances. So what good would it do him to try and change things?
None.
He was better off letting that piece of shit just sign the damn papers, at least then he could remain a free man. At least then he could go about his business and finish making preparations. He was almost ready, wasn't he? All he had left to do was build the crib he'd bought. It probably wasn't as nice as the one Olivia or her rat bastard boyfriend had bought, but it was certainly good enough for his little girl.
Leila.
As he'd told Olivia, he did like the name, though he wondered how she'd come up with it, wondered if maybe Sebastian Esparza had something to do with it, it sounded like a pretty Mexican name to him. Whatever, once he had Olivia under his control, once he'd destroyed the brainwashing she'd been given, he'd get her to fix the birth certificate, and maybe they'd change her first name too.
Pulling into the office parking garage, he sat in his truck for a moment as he tried to calm his nerves. He had to get control of himself, he had to contain the beast. He had to get back to work before anyone became suspicious. Mr. Seaward had been kind enough to let him and the other two ladies from the office join him on his visit to Olivia and the baby, and he was certainly grateful for that, he enjoyed seeing Olivia, she really glowed. He loved being able to look upon his daughter, Leila was gorgeous, perfect even, and he'd had a part in creating her.
No matter what sins he had committed in the past, Jeremy was content to know that he'd had a part in creating the most beautiful child in the world.
With Olivia.
Not wanting to leave her hospital room once Sebastian had come in and Mr. Seaward had the nerve to call him the father of Jeremy's child, and hoping he might get the chance to be alone with her, he'd undone the clasp of his watch band, allowing it to slip from his wrist, and then telling Mr. Seaward once they'd left the building that he must have lost it in her room. With a nod, Seaward told him to go back and look for it, but to make haste back to work. Leaving him with a rather disturbing feeling that the man had known he was lying.
Not that it really mattered.
And there, standing outside her door, he'd heard Sebastian say he wanted to sign the birth certificate. He hadn't been able to discern any more of the conversation outside of that, but it was enough to piss him off, enough to make the beast rattle the bars of his cage. And then the way that bastard had looked at him, as if he were nothing but a piece of garbage!
He'd fucking show him! By the end of this, that fucker would be lucky if Jeremy didn't kill him! He'd given that asshole a free pass at Olivia, but that didn't mean the shit head could steal her and his child out from under him! He'd pay for this alright. Soon.
But first, Jeremy needed to do something to get the beast to quiet down for a little while. Maybe he'd troll the streets tonight, pick up a hooker.
Hookers were always fun, and he loved it even more when he found one that reminded him of his mother. Maybe it was sick, but the thought of wrapping his hands around his mother’s neck and losing himself inside of her as he watched death creep into her eyes, was the greatest release of all.
The last one had reminded him of his mother.
But he'd made a mistake with her. Jeremy was usually better than that. But he'd fucked up, and he knew it. Blamed the beast for it. He'd gone overboard. He just couldn't stop himself. He knew he should have taken her back to his place. That's where he fucked up.
“My place is closer.” She had said.
Fuck.
Well, they didn't have any DNA to compare the sample he'd left in her to, and he certainly hadn't left any fingerprints behind. He'd been wearing a disguise the entire time too, so he figured any description the bitch or her roommate could give wouldn't be accurate, but he'd be more careful next time.
Tonight.
Yeah, he'd be more careful tonight.
And soon he wouldn't have to worry about it anymore. Because soon he'd have Olivia to make love to every night. Soon he'd have Olivia to see to his every need and satisfy him in the way only she knew how to. Just thinking about Olivia, and sliding his thick cock into her twat made him hard. He had to adjust his pants before getting out of the truck and heading back to work.
Yeah, tonight he'd need to find himself a girl.
Olivia and the baby wouldn't be ready to transport for some time yet. He'd done a little research when he'd found out that she had needed an emergency C-section. He knew she couldn't have sex for at least eight weeks. Which actually was perfect, it gave him plenty of time to make sure everything was just right for her arrival.
But he'd still need someone to sate him for now. He'd still need a woman lying underneath him to make the beast happy. And he knew just where to find one too. He'd had his eye on her for a while.

October 31st
Halloween night;

Olivia was amazed at just how quickly she had healed after those first few days in the hospital. She'd been in a lot of pain the first time the nurse had gotten her out of bed, but the more she moved around, the easier it had become. And by the time she went home on the third day, she could move with relative ease, which was good, because Leila proved to be a very fussy baby once out of the hospital.
Leila seemed to want to nurse every second of the day, it was like she never ate enough. And of course, when she wasn't eating, she was sleeping. The pediatrician told her it was normal, and that Leila was perfectly healthy, which is exactly what Sebastian had said too, not that she'd listened, because she still worried.
By the end of their first week together, Olivia was nearly pain-free, and the next week, at her post-op appointment, Dr. Waterman had told her she could take off the steri-strips Sebastian had applied after surgery. Everything looked good as far as he was concerned, and he had even gone so far as to admire Sebastian's work, saying once she healed she probably wouldn't notice the slight scar at all.
Being his woman and all, Olivia figured he'd taken extra care when sewing her back up, it was as much to his benefit as it was to hers that her body looked as normal as possible once she shed the baby weight. Which with the help of Leila's constant nursing she had already almost gotten rid of. In the two weeks since her daughter's premature arrival, she'd lost nearly all of the weight she'd gained during the pregnancy, and her uterus had already shrunk to its pre-baby size. Likewise, she hadn't noticed a single stretch mark on her body. Anywhere.
Olivia had certainly gotten more than just a little lucky. Her pregnancy had been practically textbook, no issues other than the one in her first trimester, at least, none until the end. And though she'd been so scared, though she had nearly bled to death on the way to the hospital, once she'd seen Sebastian, and known that he was going to take care of her, she'd hadn't panicked anymore. Sebastian had said he was afraid he might have lost her, but in her mind, there was never any doubt. She knew he was more than capable of taking care of her and the baby.
And he had.
Sebastian had used all of his training and experience that day to stop her from bleeding out completely, to deliver the baby, and sew her back up with an expertise that even a great doctor like Dr. Waterman had been envious of.
Her Sebastian was quite a man. Quite a doctor.
Her Sebastian.
Looking at the ring on her finger as it glistened, she sighed contentedly and smiled to herself. He was the most amazing man, and though she had him already, she relished the day that they would marry. That they would be husband and wife, and she would take his name. Olivia Esparza. It had a pretty nice ring to it.
Sitting on their big bed, she pictured what their wedding would be like. A big white archway covered in flowers set up at the end of the stone walkway that led to the koi pond. Guests seated on either side of that walkway. All three dogs wearing big shiny blue bows as they sat near the archway, Sebastian and the preacher standing there, waiting for her.
She could picture it all, and it was going to be perfect. They'd decided to wait until next September to get married. Olivia wanted the beautiful autumn background along with her park like setting in their backyard. There was going to be a horse and buggy as well, and they would take it to the back of the property where a small guest cottage was being built. Another of the reasons they wanted to wait.
Eventually, Sebastian's mother would be staying there, as his older brother Rafe was moving to California and she didn't want to remain in Mexico alone. But on the night of their wedding, they would be the first to stay there. To sleep there, and to make love to each other as man and wife. Olivia's parents, who were staying in the states until the first of the year before going back to Greece, would come back in August and stay for the wedding, agreeing to take care of Leila afterward and for the week that they would be gone on their honeymoon.
To Aruba.
Olivia was so excited just thinking about it all.
Bringing her mind back into the present tense, though, she looked down at the mirror in her hands, lifted it back up to her face, and studied her reflection. She and Sebastian were going out tonight. She felt wonderful, and though Sebastian, ever the doctor, had continually reminded her that she needed to take it easy, she'd be damned if she would miss the company Halloween party!
There would be music, and dancing, bobbing for apples, a full buffet, costume contests, and more. Olivia had never won any of their contests in the past, but she was pretty sure she'd nail it this year! The party was a family event, so there wasn't any alcohol permitted, not that they'd ever needed it! which was one more reason why Olivia had begged Sebastian to let her go, and to go with her. After much badgering, he had finally caved and made himself available.
She was going as a spider. With her hair tied back in a knot, she wore a black hood that connected to a black jumper. She would strap Leila to the front of her and had added two additional “legs” to either side of Leila's black carrier. And of course, Leila was also dressed in black. It was the perfect costume! and she'd found the idea for it online.
Sebastian was going as a pirate, and though she thought he probably wouldn't win any prizes for it, he still looked damn good!

“Olivia! Oh, how cute!” Amber gushed to her a few hours later, picking up one of the little spider legs attached to Leila and laughing before dropping it back down. “What a clever idea!” Amber was dressed as a witch, a sexy witch, but still a witch. And Olivia beamed under her compliments.
Feigning interest as she babbled on about something, Olivia caught Sebastian's eye from across the room, he winked at her and held up his glass of cider in a salute. She couldn't help but smile. Arthur had sequestered Sebastian away the moment they had entered the party, the men and women pretty much splitting into two groups with hordes of children running rampant about the large room of the conference center the company had rented out for the occasion.
As the evening wore on, Olivia and Sebastian found a few spare moments to dance together. And then she was pulled away again once they announced the winners for the three best costumes. Olivia took second, losing to one of the interns who had dressed up as a piece of bubblegum stuck under a shoe. She had to hand it to the boy, it was a very clever costume. And Sebastian ended up winning a prize too, for the hottest male costume!
She had laughed hysterically when they'd pulled him in front of everyone and given him a ribbon, Alley pinning it to his broad pirate’s chest with a flirtatious smile. Not that Olivia cared, there wasn't a jealous bone in her body. Sebastian was going home with her after all, wasn't he?
Jeremy approached her, rubbing his hand along the baby's back and causing her to stir. Leila cried a little, pushing her arms and legs against Olivia's chest in frustration, she clearly hadn't liked being disturbed. Or was it Jeremy that made her uncomfortable?
Not for the first time had Olivia realized there was just something about him that made her nervous. Which was silly, she'd known Jeremy for over a decade! Hell, he'd been her best friend for a time, shown her the ropes, even. He'd been nice to her at a time when no one else had. So why she suddenly had the urge to run as far and as fast as she could away from him, puzzled her to no end.
“Hello, Olivia.” He said, wiggling the fake mustache on his face. Jeremy was dressed like Sherlock Holmes, and he'd done an excellent job with the costume if she did say do herself. Why, if she hadn't known better, she would have thought the mustache was real!
“I love your costume!” She exclaimed, hoping it sounded genuine as she cringed on the inside.
“Why thank you m'lady,” he joked with a bow. His intense gaze never straying from her face as he did so.
What was it about him that made her feel this way? Jeremy, on any other occasion, would be what most people would call, ordinary, or perhaps unremarkable. He was slightly taller than the average man, with a lean build, and dark brown hair and eyes. His nose was, maybe a little too big, his chin a little too hard, but otherwise, he certainly wouldn't have been called ugly.
Just now, though, the look in those eyes, as they penetrated her own, she would have said they were cold, hard, maybe even soulless. It was as if his pupils had swallowed up all the color, and the effect was utterly terrifying and evil looking. She wondered if he was wearing contacts, maybe he had done something to make them appear that way.
But as Sebastian found his way back to her side, Jeremy's mood seemed to shift, his eyes suddenly weren't the only evil looking attribute. His lips had flattened, his teeth almost bared as he attempted to smile and be cordial to Sebastian.
And without even acknowledging him, Sebastian wrapped his fingers around her wrist, leaned in close and whispered into her ear. “Let's get out of here, please, before the rest of the wolves descend.” He said teasingly.
Straightening then, he noticed Jeremy, held out a hand, “oh hey, sorry, didn't see you there. Hell of a costume.”
Jeremy forced a smile, nodded, then bid them a good evening, slipping into the crowd and disappearing.
“Seriously, can we go?” Sebastian asked, catching her attention as she searched for Jeremy, still spooked by his behavior.
She smiled, nodding, letting him lead her over to where Arthur and his wife stood, talking to a client so that they could beg off and take their leave.
It took Olivia until they'd gotten home, put the baby to bed and were cuddled close to each other in their own large nest before she could forget about Jeremy and their odd encounter. Something was nagging at her, but she couldn't figure out what it was.

Jeremy stalked the streets of Gary Indiana, looking for his next prey. The beast had lost control. He couldn't even have a simple conversation with Olivia without that bastard boyfriend of hers interrupting! He'd wanted to drag her out of there, he just wanted one damn minute alone with her, was that really so much to ask?
And then the way she'd looked at him afterward, the way she seemed almost scared of him, disgusted even, once Sebastian had put his grubby little paws all over her and the baby, his baby! God, it was so hard trying to keep his cool. He had needed to get out of there, he needed air. So he'd left. And the next thing he knew, he was driving through the back alleys, looking for someone who could assuage this burning need within him.
There she was! She was perfect! Wearing a hot pink wig and too tight shorts with a tube top, she balanced precariously on five-inch heels as she stumbled, probably drunk, down one of the cracked alleyways.
He pulled his truck up to her, rolled down the window as she stopped. “Hey sugar,” he drawled, picking up a cowboy hat and slapping it down on his gray wig. “You looking to party tonight?”
She was smacking on some gum, looked into the cab of the truck, she seemed to be weighing her options, then she smiled, half her teeth either rotted or missing and shrugged. “Sure.” She said, blowing a bubble and sucking it back into her mouth with a pop. She crossed to the passenger side of the truck, opened the door and hopped right in.
“My friends call me Dolly,” she offered, shutting the door and waiting for him to pull away.
“Dolly it is.” He said with that practiced country twang. His Sherlock Holmes disguise was pretty good at pulling double duty, with the cowboy hat over his gray wig, and the mustache still in place, he looked something like an older southern gentleman, which probably put the old hag at ease. Not that she was all that old. No, he'd guess she was probably just north of forty. The same age his mother had been.
And Jeremy could remember a time or two she'd worn a colorful wig as well. Smirking to himself, Jeremy thought of dear old mom, and what he was going to imagine doing to her tonight.
Jeremy pulled into his garage about ten minutes later, showed his guest around before leading her down a set of stairs and into the basement. Dolly hesitated for a second, probably not too comfortable with the idea of going into a dark dank basement, but once he turned on the lights, she seemed to settle. It wasn't just a basement after all.
He'd done a lot of work down there, had the place finished before finishing it himself. It was soundproofed and wired for all sorts of digital and video equipment, not that any of it could be seen at first glance. No, Jeremy had plenty of hidey holes. Including a false wall just to the left of the big lush bed that sat in the center of the large room.
There was a big screen TV in front of it, and a large metal chandelier above the bed. To the casual observer, it just looked like he had converted the basement into a large master suite, complete with a large bathroom. But upon closer inspection, one might notice the little oddities here and there. Like the fact that the bathroom floor was a solid non-porous surface. And there was a drain in the middle of the room, in addition to the one in the large walk in shower.
Or that his countertop was steel, the sink as well, both stainless. Maybe he was a clean freak? The bedroom floor was that same solid surface as well, though he had rugs on the floor to disguise it until he made his guests more comfortable. In which case he would roll them up and shove them in the closet.  And those hidey holes? They hid his deepest darkest secrets. Cameras, speakers, all hooked up to the big screen TV in front of the bed. And of course, not to forget the double wall, behind which hid his most prized possessions, an entire collection of BDSM equipment.
Whips and chains, handcuffs, fuzzy or metal, crops, ropes of several lengths and different materials, vibrators and dildos, some with very unique designs and features, a couple of Tasers, wigs, masks, the list went on and on. Jeremy had quite the imagination, he even had an extensive knife collection on hand. And while over the years he had brought home several willing participants for his little 'games', Jeremy liked it best when his guests didn't know what was coming.
Like tonight.
He told Dolly to make herself comfortable, watching as she shrugged out of her clothes and propped her saggy body up against the pillows on his bed. Then he came around to one side, lifting a restraint from the best post. “Do you mind?” He asked huskily, already becoming aroused.
She looked at him, looked at the rope, and lifted her shoulders to indicate she didn't particularly care. “Gonna cost you extra honey, you into this kinky stuff and all. But I don't mind.”
Jeremy smiled, slipped the rope around her hand and tightened it, she gasped as it bit into her flesh, as she saw that look of pure evil flutter in his eyes, but if that had sent any alarm bells ringing, she made no move to get away. He tied up her other wrist, made sure they were both secure to the bed, so tight she couldn't move them an inch. Then he secured her ankles, giving her just enough wiggle room that he could manipulate them himself at will.
“You really are a kinky old man aren't you?” She purred, her voice rough, and laced with fear.
He didn't bother to correct her; she'd figured it out soon enough. Going over to all of his little holes, he opened up the hidden pockets, turning on his video camera, and then all the of the speakers one by one, and finally the TV. Dolly looked up as best she could, saw her self-spread eagle on the big screen, and laughed.
“Guess I don't look too bad naked do I?” She cackled.
Jeremy ignored her, he moved to the main event and watched her eyes go wide as he opened up the wall and she saw out of the corner of her gaze all of the props that lay within.
“I didn't sign up for all of this now...” She stammered, starting to struggle against her restraints. “You let me go, you hear? You don't even have to pay me, just let me go.”
Jeremy grabbed a long black whip from the wall, cracked it a few inches from her face.
“Please let me go,” she begged, losing her bladder when the whip slapped against the bed a fraction of an inch from her nose. “Please.”
He walked closer, grabbed at his crotch, laughed low in his throat, and cracked the whip again. This time he hit flesh. She screamed out in pain, in fear, terrified for her own life. And he whipped her again. He hit her right in the upper thigh, hissing through his teeth at the beautiful crimson mark the whip left on her tender flesh.
Stripping out of his jeans, his engorged cock jutting through the opening of his boxers, he leaned down, a hare’s breath from her ear and whispered to her, “I love you, mommy.” He said before straightening and whipping her again.
Chapter 18



Olivia saw it on the news even before Detective Ramsey called her to let her know.
A woman's body had been found at the dump, and though the news anchor hadn't been able to give much away to the audience, Olivia knew all of the gruesome details. It was thoroughly against their policy, Ramsey had said, to give anyone, especially someone involved in the case the details of a related murder case, but as they were sitting in Olivia's home, neither her partner nor her boss, were there to stop her, and because she felt like Olivia needed to know the truth in order to protect herself, she'd told her everything. Every last detail.
It horrified Olivia to no end, and if Sebastian hadn't been sitting beside her, hadn't been holding her hand and keeping her steady, she wasn't sure she would have been able to bear it all.
The woman, who had been ID’d through her fingerprints as a working girl, had been found at the dump early that morning. She'd been beaten, whipped, raped, Tasered, and carved up. The word Whore was cut into her head, her breasts, and her genitals had been mutilated, and then she'd been strangled.
“He's escalated.” Ramsey had said.
“How do you know it's the same guy?” Sebastian had asked.
“We don't... not yet..” she said in an unsteady voice, clearly, this case was starting to affect her in more ways than one. “But he left us his DNA, didn't bother cleaning her up. I guess he figured we didn't catch him for the first one, so maybe he's invincible.”
Sebastian shook his head, pulled Olivia closer. “Do you think she's in any danger?”
“I don't know. We don't know that he will attack her again. We're starting to think we were wrong about the original profile.”
“Wrong? Wrong how?” Olivia chimed in, trying to digest it all, and feeling queasy in the process.
“We think, what I mean to say is, that maybe he doesn't work with you. Maybe he just saw you somewhere, wanted you.”
“If he's been attacking hookers, I mean, working girls, why do you think he strayed from his pattern? Why attack Olivia? Isn't something like that pretty rare?”
Ramsey nodded, “yes, it is. We don't know why he attacked Olivia, but there are too many similarities in the cases for it not to be the same man. The first rule of police procedure, there are no such things as coincidences.”
Olivia shivered, and Sebastian rubbed his hands up and down her arms, “so you don't think he'll attack her again? Maybe she was just one of the few?”
Ramsey nodded, “it looks that way. Of the like crimes we've found, the man was most likely wearing a disguise, he went home with them, or they went home with him in some cases, and he knocked them out at some point. Most of the women don't even remember the attack at all. But he never attacked the same woman twice.”
“But most of them survived?”
“Yes. This is the first time he's killed one of them. He's escalating.”
“That's pretty risky, letting them live, hoping they can't identify him. Pretty ballsy of the bastard.”
“Yes.”
Detective Ramsey informed them that she would be sending over a forensic technologist the next day to collect a mouth swab from their daughter for DNA comparison, in which Olivia hadn't argued, and then they'd shown her out. After looking in on Leila, who was fast asleep, Olivia slipped into Sebastian's arms and let him hold onto her for dear life. She was sickened on so many levels, and she was scared, she was so scared.
“Shh baby, it's alright. It's going to be alright.” Sebastian soothed.
But was it? Was it going to be alright?

November 14th

The open house was tomorrow. Standing in what used to be her living room as she checked the location of a sofa that was being used for staging, Olivia had mixed emotions. It was a bittersweet moment for her. This was her first home, her first real home that is, one she'd bought for herself.
She'd been living there for the past three years, and she honestly hadn't ever thought she'd sell it. She knew she wasn't going to make much off the sale as she hadn't had much time to chip away at the mortgage, but that wasn't really high on her list of reasons why she was upset about selling the place. After buying the house, she'd made a lot of updates, a lot of changes, she'd really made the place her own, and she would miss it.
Not that she didn't love Sebastian's place, it was the perfect family home after all, and he'd been more than accommodating in allowing her to change the few things about the place that didn't suit her. Like the overly masculine color pallet in the master suite and den, as well as adding a second sink to the master bath. But the thought of selling what was hers, bothered her on some fundamental level.
They'd talked a lot about the sale of the house, she and Sebastian, deciding to put whatever profit she made into a trust for Leila to use towards college when she was older, and then they'd had several conversations about finances in general. Sebastian considered his home quite modest, even if Olivia didn't, and even though a man his age, who'd only been practicing medicine for about six years now should have been buried in student loan debt, Sebastian wasn't.
Which had confused the hell out her.
He'd said they weren't wealthy growing up, so how had he done it? How had he accomplished the small financial wealth that he'd amassed in such a short time? Turns out his father, who had taken off when he was just a baby had come back into the picture years later, when it was too late, and though he'd tried to make amends, none of his children wanted anything to do with him.
He wasn't there to raise them, to take care of them when they were sick, or had fallen down and scraped their little knees. And he hadn't been there for Leila, he hadn't been there when she'd died.
So it made plenty of sense to Olivia why Sebastian and his siblings hadn't wanted much to do with their father, even if he had been terminally ill at the time. And then he'd died. She and Sebastian had a long talk about that one night. Sebastian hadn't known until it was too late that his father was terminal. His mother's pain and hatred for the man had colored his vision, he hadn't seen the signs, he was a doctor for cripes sake, and he hadn't seen the signs.
It was probably one of his only regrets in life. That he hadn't made amends with his father, and now it was too late. His father hadn't bothered to marry the woman he left his wife and children for. He never even divorced Sebastian's mother, and so when he died, he left everything to them. His mistress had long since passed away herself, by then. Each of his children got a sizable amount, and Leila's portion had been donated to several women's shelters in the area.
Something Olivia thought was a very sweet gesture. Even if it had come too late.
Francesca, his oldest sister had invested her money, and now she never had to work again, which was good, because she'd hated her job as an insurance agent. Tatiana had spent her money on the posh Beverly Hills home she and her family lived in, and Rafe used the money to open his own business, which was doing well.
Sebastian's mother was set for life, although she said the money didn't make up for the past in any way. And Sebastian used the money to pay off his student loans, and buy his house, which he owned free and clear. The rest of the money he invested, and the dividends were paying pretty well, so with that, plus the money from both of their jobs, Olivia and Sebastian could live a very comfortable lifestyle. Money would never be an issue for them. And though the thought of a prenuptial had never crossed Sebastian's mind, Olivia swore she would sign one if he wanted her to.
Walking into the room that had once been her bedroom, Olivia sighed, the walls were no longer the pale lavender color she had painted them soon after moving in. Everything was done in neutral colors, all the walls were blah as far as she was concerned. The bed spread was a plain white, no longer the gray and yellow chevron pattern she loved so much, though it now took up residence at her home with Sebastian on one of the guest beds, because well, he wasn't giving up his down comforter, even for her, she still felt sad not to see it here.
All of the personality of the house she had loved was gone.
Even the barbed wire had come down. The walls surrounding the property were given a fresh yellow paint job, the landscaping got a facelift as well, and the rest of the place got a new coat of paint and a good deep cleaning. Some people had allergies, so Rowdy and Spook needed to be eradicated from the place. Which was why Rowdy had been left outside when she'd come over today to make sure everything was how the Realtor had wanted it.
All of the updates had come from her own pocket, not that she couldn't afford it, but she figured she'd recoup it from the sale of the house. And that made her sad again, thinking about the inevitable. Her Realtor was confident that the place would sell quickly. It was a good neighborhood, in a desirable area, with expansion already in the works.
Olivia could already see the progress as a house went up just beyond her property line at the back of her place. And people were desperate to get into the area before more houses went up, before the price of admission was too great for the average buyer. And Olivia's place was priced just right. She was asking a few thousand more than she'd paid for it herself, both because the market allowed for it, and because she'd done some really pricey upgrades to both the kitchen and the bathrooms.
Lost in her thoughts about selling, and just how quickly it could happen, Olivia almost didn't hear the baby crying in the living room. She's set up a little playpen with one of Leila's favorite mobiles before taking a tour of the house one last time. Taking a peek at the time on her cell phone, Olivia realized Leila must be quite hungry, it was several minutes past her feeding time already. My how time flies, she thought, making her way into the living room and her cranky little girl.
“Shh... shh... baby, Mommy's here.” She whispered as she picked the baby up and went over to a chair to sit down. Releasing the little latch on her nursing top, Olivia chuckled as Leila latched on and nursed with gusto. It was still such an amazing feeling, knowing that her body was giving sustenance to her child. Leila was a month old now, she'd have a checkup in a couple days, and Olivia would find out just how much she'd grown, but looking at her now, she could already see the difference in her little girl.
Leila was a big girl for her age, which made sense because she had such a voracious appetite. Olivia sometimes felt like all she did anymore was nurse, but really, she didn't mind, she had all the time in the world and loved taking care of Leila.
Sebastian however, didn't shirk on his duties as a father just because Olivia was a stay at home mom. He had no problem changing diapers, or getting out of bed in the middle of the night to bring Leila to Olivia for a feeding. And he absolutely loved playing with her. Nothing put a smile on Olivia's face faster than seeing Sebastian and Leila playing together. Leila loved her daddy, she smiled in her little baby way constantly. And Sebastian loved Leila. She truly was his daughter.
Bouncing her knees up and down lightly in an attempt to get Leila back to sleep, Olivia stroked her daughter's delicate skin, singing to her softly. Everything was right with the world as far as Olivia was concerned.

Jeremy drove around the neighborhood, then headed for the spot he felt most comfortable with. He noticed several things as he passed by Olivia's house and went to his private place in the empty lot that boarded the back of it. The wall had a new coat of paint on it, so did the house, and that damned barbed wire was gone. There was also a for sale sign out front. But he'd known that already, he'd stopped by a couple of weeks ago and seen the sign.
The rest of the changes were more recent. Probably done for the upcoming open house.
He'd put in a call to the Realtor, who informed him that the open house was scheduled for tomorrow. But couldn't they maybe meet him there the day before? Give him a tour? His wife was in love with the place, maybe he'd put in an offer for the full asking price.
He wasn't sure whether or not Olivia was still living there at this point. His common sense told him she'd have moved in with the good doctor by now, but when he'd driven past that one time, her car was there, and that damn dog was running around the property like a madman.
The Realtor had told him no, though, to her credit, she'd seemed really tempted by his offer. But no. The owner of the place was going to be there that day, there were some last minute details to go over and she wanted her privacy. She didn't want to be around during the open house you know, she was sorry to sell the place.
And though he figured the Realtor probably shouldn't have told him any of that, Jeremy sure was thankful she had. It fit right into his plans, didn't it? Then he'd asked her about pets, his wife had some really bad allergies. The Realtor had told him the place had been cleaned really good, and that though the owner still brought her dog along, it wasn't allowed inside anymore. She assured him of that, desperate to hold onto a potential offer and sale.
Perfect.
Running that conversation through his mind, he laid his hand on the package of steak he'd brought along. It had enough tranquilizer in it to put a whole pack of dogs to sleep, and would no doubt serve its purpose well.
Pulling his little truck to a stop, and turning off the ignition, he grabbed his meat package and headed around to the front of the property. There was no sign of the dog just yet, but he knew it was there. Olivia wouldn't go anywhere without that mutt. He was as sure of that as he was of his own name.
Slipping his hands through the bars of the gate, he set the package of steak down on the ground and unwrapped it, being sure to be as loud as possible, he crinkled the white butcher paper as he exposed the contents of the package. Then he set down what looked like a button to the untrained eye, but was actually a type of small microphone, that one would say, sew onto a teddy bear or a t-shirt, just to the left of the meat package and then took off at a blistering pace.
He didn't want to be there when the dog finally came sniffing around, just in case it decided to bark and give away his location. Holding the other end of the monitor up to his ear, he listened for the moment when he could hear the distinct snuffling sound of the dog taking the bait, and once he did, about five minutes after making the deposit, he jumped the wall at its lowest point and made his way towards the back of the house.
Now he just hoped the damn alarm wasn't on. If he'd done this differently he might have been more prepared. There were a dozen other ways this could have gone. He could have somehow found out about her plans to paint, offered to help, or maybe he could have dressed himself up as an inspector or something and made a surprise visit.
At the very least he could have found a way to make sure the damned alarm was disabled. He'd actually thought about that last night, thought about coming out here and snipping all the damn wires, but he figured she'd notice something like that. With the property officially going on the market tomorrow, she'd only come by to make sure everything was in working order, wasn't that what the Realtor had said?
So anything out of place or broken, like the alarm system for instance, probably would have set her off. But maybe he could've found a way to make that work for him too. Like posing as someone from the security company. Damn. He should have been more prepared; he should have done his homework these past few weeks instead of playing around with those fucking hookers!
But God that last one had been so much fun! And the one after her? Hell, they wouldn't find her body yet for a few more days. It was, after all, still sitting in the deep freezer at his place in Elkhart. He hoped it might be just the incentive Olivia needed to keep her under control. Surely she would do whatever he said if it meant staying alive. There was Leila to think of after all. What would happen to Leila if she died? Did she trust Jeremy to take care of their daughter?
Sleuthing closer to the house as quietly as he could, hoping that damned mutt was already out stone cold by now, he spotted an open window in one of the guest rooms. Not smart Olivia, he had thought to himself, sending up a silent little prayer of thanks, knowing of course that God had probably long since forgotten about him.
He was thankful just the same. Figured it was the least God could do for him. He deserved a life with Olivia, didn't he? A life with the child they'd made together? And by God, he was determined to not only make this happen, but to make it work out for all of them.
Olivia and the baby would never want for anything. They'd have a good life with him, and they'd always know how much he loved them. He wasn't going to abandon his child like his mother had. Even if she had come back to him, it wasn't the same. Olivia didn't know the truth, of course, she had no idea who she really was, and he wasn't so sure he was even going to tell her.
He rather liked the thought of having his own little secret, because surely there wouldn't be others. He wouldn't keep secrets from his wife, because that was just wrong. You couldn't build a proper foundation on lies, but maybe just one wouldn't hurt?
He snuck closer to the open window, he could hear her singing, but it was soft, and sounded far away. She had a beautiful voice, and while he couldn't tell what it was she was singing, he was pretty sure it was a lullaby for their baby.
He could just imagine her, sitting in a rocking chair with her breasts out, their baby suckling at one of her delicious brown nipples. He wondered what it would be like, to go up to her and suck the other dark nipple into his mouth, taste the milk that her body offered. His cock twitched, he had to thumb himself mentally, try to curb his arousal.
Now wasn't the time.
There would be plenty of time for all of his dirty thoughts, for all of his plans and desires. There would be plenty of time for the two of them to get acquainted later when they were tucked safely in their new home up in Elkhart. Yes, there would be plenty of time then.
He pulled a pocket knife from the holster at his hip, he was carrying a small Taser and a .357 as well, just in case, because well, one never knew what could happen, and you always needed to be prepared, then starting at the top of the screen he made a slit right down the middle, boosting himself up and slipping through the hole into the bedroom with ease. Since the window was open, the alarm was obvious off, and it made him that much more confident about his mission.

Olivia heard a scratching sound at the door, she put a now sleeping Leila back in her playpen, patting her little tummy gently when she started to stir. Leila settled, and Olivia walked to the door to investigate, figuring she already knew what was causing the noise, but wanting to look for herself anyways. Peering through the eye hole she saw Rowdy on his hind legs, and she could hear him whining impatiently. “No Rowdy,” She said loud enough for him to hear her through the door. “Sorry boy, but you can't come in.”
The hairs on the nape of her neck stood on end, and for once, for just a second she wanted to say to hell with the Realtor's demand that she keep Rowdy outside. She had the strongest urge to bring him in, but for the life of her, she couldn't fathom why.
She went down the hall to the bathroom instead. She could still hear Rowdy's persistent pleas to be let in, but she ignored him, she had to. Turning on the light, she went to sink, splashed some water on her face, used the fancy little hand towel to dry it off, then headed back out after making sure the towel was perfectly straight again. There were a few more things she wanted to see to in the master bedroom before Sebastian arrived to help load some of the stuff she'd left behind in the garage.
That's when she smelled it.
The stale scent of cigarettes and pepperoni assailed her nose. She nearly gagged, and as she rushed back toward the bathroom, past one of the guest bedrooms, she was caught in the strong grip of a tall shadowy figure.
Olivia screamed, she screamed for all she was worth, only quieting once the shadow clamped a hand over her mouth. “Shhh...” he whispered into her ear, his rank breath hot on her neck, his sweaty body pressed so close to hers.
Too close.
Olivia could feel the bulge in his pants as he pressed his arousal, thick and hard up against her buttocks. And as she tried to struggle against him, tears leaked down her face, she could taste them, hot and salty as they tracked beneath his hands and landed on her lips. The shadow dragged her, still pressed against him into the darkened guest room he'd leapt out of.
The room that was supposed to have been Leila's. The one where she'd opened the window when she'd first walked into the house this morning, thinking it smelled kind of musty. She knew that must have been how he'd gotten in. And Olivia felt so foolish. She shouldn't have left the window open. She should have turned on the alarm, and she should have let Rowdy inside.
That must have been why he was scratching at the door, he knew someone was in there. But how had they gotten past him, to begin with? Had the shadowy figure done something to Rowdy?
Oh God, the baby!
Olivia's mind was racing in a million different directions now. The house, the dog, the baby. Her. Not least of all was her. Detective Ramsey didn't think Olivia would be attacked again. She hadn't fit the mold, to begin with. The attacker had made a mistake with her, maybe he'd thought she was someone else, something else. Or maybe he had decided on a little variety. Whatever it was, nobody thought he'd attack her again.
Was this about the baby?
Had Ramsey been wrong after all?
Maybe the man did work with her. Maybe he knew she was pregnant and he wanted to take the baby.
Or maybe he just wanted to kill Leila.
Still crying as he continued to drag her backward against his body into the room, Olivia tried to push her fear aside. He hadn't attempted to restrain her yet, maybe there was still time to escape. She needed to help her daughter, she needed to get to Rowdy, or her phone.
Damn it her phone!
She'd put the stupid thing in the diaper bag because it was digging into her hip when she was nursing the baby. How the hell was she going to get to it now?
And wait a minute, how did she know he was going to restrain her?
Because he did it last time. Didn't she remember the ligature marks on her wrists and ankles? But there was no bed in here, the room had been left empty to showcase its size. That didn't mean he couldn't still hogtie her. And then do what with her? Olivia still didn't know what this man intended to do with her. Was he going to rape her? Kill her? Rape her and then kill her? And what about Leila?
The shadow shoved the door shut with his foot, turned and pushed Olivia towards the now shut window, and flipped on the light.
Jeremy?
The instant their eyes connected, Olivia's hand flew to her mouth in absolute shock. Was this some kind of sick joke?
“Jeremy?” She finally asked, managing to find her voice somehow.
He nodded, smiled, and his eyes, the ones that had seemed so soulless to her at the Halloween party bored into her as he looked her up and down. They looked like the depths of hell gleaming back at her. There was no color to them, just big gaping black holes in the middle of his face.
She gasped, clutched her hand to her chest. “What is this Jeremy? Why are you doing this?”
“Don't you know Olivia? don't you remember?” He said, drawing out the last word.
She wanted to tell him no, she wanted to tell him he was acting crazy, but she did know, she did remember. All too clearly she seemed to remember it all. And she thanked God that he had knocked her out before raping her, because surely she wouldn't have the strength to look at him now if she'd remembered that too. “Why Jeremy? Why?” She asked again.
Chapter 19



He took a step closer, she took a step back, coming up against the wall and realizing there was nowhere else to go. He held a Taser in his hands, and she knew all too well what it felt like to have a dozen bolts of electricity flowing through her body. She didn't move, just quivered in her little corner.
“You don't have to be afraid of me Olivia.” He said softly, almost menacingly.
“I, I don't?”
“No,” he cooed, shaking his head slowly from side to side.
He looked like pure evil standing there, and Olivia's heart raced faster and faster with every step he took towards her.
“I'm not going to hurt you, Olivia, I love you, Olivia.”
“You love me?”
He nodded, “mmhmm.”
“Why didn't you tell me that before now Jeremy?” She said in what she hoped was a steady voice. She wanted to keep him talking, the more he talked, the less he did anything else, and maybe, just maybe she could keep him talking until Sebastian showed up, she didn't know what time it was, but she was pretty sure he'd be there any minute.
“I did Olivia.” He said cocking his head to the side, looking a little hurt, disappointed even. “Don't you remember? I told you how much I loved you, Olivia. I told you all about my feelings that night we made love together. The night we conceived Leila.”
Olivia gulped, trying to suppress the grimace she felt when he'd said Leila's name. She knew he was Leila's father, but to actually have to stomach the idea was just too much for her right now.
“I don't like the name Leila by the way. We're going to have to change it.”
“C-change her name?” She stammered. “I'm, I'm sorry, I don't follow Jeremy.”
“When we move to Elkhart together.”
“We're moving to Elkhart? When?”
“Tonight. You'll see, I've rented a lovely little place in Elkhart, not too far from your brother's shop. You'll like it there Olivia. We can all be a family together. You, me, and our daughter. You'll see.”
There was a crash near the living room then, startled, Jeremy reached forward and snatched her up by the wrist, pulling her along with him, the Taser pressed against her neck just in case she tried anything. Not that she was even considering it at this point, not when they were walking towards her precious baby girl.
The crash sounded again, a loud thud against the door.
Rowdy!
Good dog! she thought to herself, it made her feel the slightest bit better to know that the dog knew there was something going on, and that he was determined one way or another, to get to her. Now if only the door hadn't been steel reinforced!
“That fucking mutt!” Jeremy shouted.
“The baby Jeremy,” Olivia said at once, not caring about the cold steel of the Taser pressing into her throat. The last thing she wanted was for Leila to wake up and see what was going on. She wasn't sure how much of it Leila would be able to understand, but she wouldn't have her daughter tainted in any way if she could help it.
Laughing softly to himself as he leaned over and peered into the playpen at the still sleeping baby, Jeremy held a finger to his lips. “Shhh.” He said nodding his head. “You're right, it's not time to wake our princess up just yet.”
He dragged her towards the couch, pushed her down onto it, still pointing the Taser in her direction as he leaned away to look at Leila once more. “She looks just like you mom.” He remarked, his eyes turning back to Olivia.
Pulling her knees up in front of her, Olivia hugged them against her chest. She looked away from his gaze, peered around the room trying to find something she might use as a weapon.
Rowdy threw himself against the door again, causing Jeremy to jump. “Fuck,” he whispered loudly under his breath. “That stupid mutt, I gave him enough tranquilizers to knock out an elephant! How the fuck is he still awake?”
Curious, and seeing an opportunity to get him talking again, Olivia asked, “how did you give them to him? Rowdy should have barked when you approached him. I would've heard.”
He waggled his finger in her direction, “uh huh, I'm much more clever than that Olivia, you of all people should have realized that. I left some steak for him by the gate, snuck over the wall and through the window when he went to investigate it. He'll be snoozing soon sweetheart, and you can bet on that. Maybe it takes a little more time to digest it than I thought, but he'll be snoozing soon.”
“And then?”
Still looking at her, with that sick and twisted smile on his face, he cocked an eyebrow. “And then we'll get out of here. The three of us.”
She swallowed visibly. “He's not going to fall asleep Jeremy.”
“Oh?” He smirked, stepping closer, making Olivia cringe as she pressed herself further against the couch.
“He's trained not to eat anything unless I give it to him.”
Jeremy's face scrunched up for a minute, he turned briefly towards the door as Rowdy threw all his weight into it again. Then he pulled a small handgun from the back of the holster strapped to his waist.
“Then I guess I'll just have to put him down for good.” He laughed, stroking the muzzle of the gun against the side of his face.
“Jeremy no!” Olivia cried, jumping to her feet.
He pointed the gun in her direction, she sat back down.
“Don't piss me off, Olivia.”
“No, no. Of course not. It's just that there's no need to kill him, Jeremy. He'll listen to me. Whatever I say, he'll listen to me.”
He smiled again, but only half-cocked, lowering the gun and placing it back in the holster, he still had the Taser in his other hand, though. “I've heard you talking to him Olivia, I've heard you mumble something to him in German, and maybe I'm not the smartest crayon in the box, but I'm no idiot either. I don't speak German Olivia, and I certainly don't trust you enough to give you the chance to make that beast attack me. Hell, I wouldn't understand a word you said to him, for all I know you'd tell him to bite me in the balls.” He grabbed his crotch to push the point home.
“I would never do that to you, Jeremy.”
“Wouldn't you, though?” He inquired, rubbing the bridge of his nose.
Given half the chance, yes, yes she would. She remembered very clearly how she had kneed him in the nose, and yes, she would do it again.
“No Olivia, the dog will just have to die. But first...” He crept closer, pulled her up by her upper arm and led her back towards the hall, towards the master bedroom. “We're going to have a little fun.”
Olivia tried to dig her heels into the hall carpet, but he was too strong. Funny, because Olivia had never noticed before now just how powerfully built Jeremy was. He was tall, and he was lean, but as he pulled her easily along behind him, she could see the muscles in his arms ripple. He'd always worn long sleeves at work, in fact, now that she thought about it, his uniform had always seemed a little too big for him, that was probably why she'd figured he was so thin.
Clearly, she'd been wrong. Jeremy was very strong indeed.
He yanked her into the bedroom, threw her down on the bed, and stepping around to one side, he grabbed a hold of her wrist, pulling a piece of rope from his pocket.
Panicked, Olivia managed to somehow scramble away, she jumped over the side of the bed and made a dash for the bathroom, slamming the door and locking it just in time as Jeremy's fist came flying towards her face, knocking into the door instead.
“Olivia!” He raged at her. “You fucking bitch!”
Olivia knew the door wouldn't hold him for long, surely he could break it down, or maybe he'd just shoot the locking mechanism. What did he care if he ended up killing her in the process too? She looked frantically around the bathroom, trying to find something, anything she could use as a weapon.
Jeremy pounded on the door, startling her, “Open the door, Olivia. Don't make me break it down, I'll do it Olivia, and then you'll have to pay.”
And then you'll have to pay.
Those six little words scared the hell out of her.  But hell, she knew she'd have to pay no matter what she decided to do. Her gaze finally landing on the shower curtain as she continued to look around, she pulled it down, slid the curtain off the rod, collapsed it in on itself so that it was as small as possible, and then she swung it a couple of times like a baseball bat.
It wouldn't do her much good against his gun, but it might help ward off the Taser. He didn't have one the ones that the police carried, the kind that shot out and hooked into your flesh as it administered hundreds maybe thousands of bolts of electricity for all she knew, no, his was the kind that had to be pressed up against a person to be effective. So maybe she could hold him off. Maybe she could keep him busy with the curtain rod just long enough to get to the door and let Rowdy in.
She could only hope.
It was silent on the other side of the door. She wasn't sure what was going on. Was he still out there? Or had he maybe gone in search of something to break down the door? She started to weigh her options then, should she open the door and risk him still being in the room? Or should she bide her time and let him come to her?
She got her answer a minute later when a loud crash sounded and the tip of an ax, the one she'd kept in the garage next to the fire extinguisher, appeared on the inside of the door.
So he was coming to her.
Olivia stood back, shaking like a leaf and assuming the position as the ax took another chunk out of the door and was pulled away again. She saw a flash of movement on the other side from the now gaping hole, and then Jeremy's eye as he peered in at her.
“Got a weapon there do ya?” He taunted, looking around the bathroom before his gaze settled back on where she stood with the shower rod at the ready.
Olivia's eyes darted over to the sink, she saw the can of hairspray sitting there, grabbed it, and in the next instant, she sprayed it in the hole, getting him right in the eyes.
He backed up, fell to the floor, howling in pain as he dug at his eyes. “You bitch!” He screamed. “You fucking cunt! You're going to pay for that Olivia! You're going to fucking wish you were dead!”
Too late she thought.
Jeremy flung the ax into the door again, the knob clattering to the floor at her feet. Olivia took a step back, then she heard a familiar noise. At first, it sounded like a soft gurgle, but pretty soon Leila was in a full out wail, all of the noise, between the ax and Rowdy trying to get in finally waking her up.
“Uh oh, mom.” Jeremy shouted, “the baby's awake.” He came closer to the door, peeking in at her again, “should I go see what she needs? A new diaper maybe? What do you think?”
Olivia rushed forward, stopping as he stuck a hand through the softball sized hole in the door and reached for her. “Don't.” She cried. “Please Jeremy, let me go see what's wrong. She needs me, Jeremy, Leila needs her mother.”
Jeremy took a step back, hooting in laughter, “come on out then Olivia.” He mocked.
“Step away from the door and I will.”
“Better yet, why don't I just go get her? Maybe she needs her daddy.”
Olivia couldn't stop herself, and she regretted her next words the instant they left her mouth, but she couldn't take them back, and despite what Jeremy did next, she didn't want to take them back.
“She already has a father!” Olivia yelled.
Jeremy lost it. He went plum crazy. Smashing the ax over and over again into the middle of the door, he managed to finally break it in two. Then he used his hands to pull the two pieces apart. Olivia was ready, at least, she thought she was ready. She swung at him the moment she felt like she had a clear shot, but he was faster than her.
He grabbed ahold of the shower rod, ripped it from her grasp and threw it to the floor. His eyes, those black holes, were trained on her, and they were huge, bigger than she'd ever seen a person’s eyes get, his pupils were so far beyond dilated that they spanned almost the entire scope of his eyeballs. Olivia had never known true fear until then. Looking into such soulless eyes, she knew there was nothing left of the Jeremy she had once been friends with.
That Jeremy was gone. This was just pure evil looking back at her.
He snatched her up by the wrist, yanking her out of the bathroom and tossing her as easily as a napkin onto the bed before coming down on top of her. With his knees in her chest, pinning her to the mattress, he stared down at her, his face contorted in rage, the area around his eyes red and raw from being rubbed.
Then he slapped her. He slapped her so hard that the force of it sent her head reeling to the side. So hard that she saw stars swim in her blackened vision.

Sebastian punched in the code and tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, whistling a tune he had stuck in his head, while he waited for the gate to open. He noticed Rowdy, as the large dog bounded down the front steps, barking his fool head off. Rowdy ran astride of the pickup truck, still barking as he followed its progress up the driveway.
He thought that was odd, Rowdy hardly ever barked, and he'd never been this excited before, especially not around Sebastian. Their dynamic had changed over the last few months since both he and Olivia had moved in with Sebastian, and the dog listened to him when he gave commands, but Rowdy was still more in tune with Olivia and even with Leila than he was with Sebastian.
Once out of the truck, Rowdy was between running toward him and the door, and as he got closer, taking the few steps up the front porch, Sebastian saw the dent in the door, heard the wails of his daughter, and watched in horror as Rowdy flung himself against the steel reinforced door.
“Hacke,” he commanded loudly in German. The dog hesitated, whined, then came to his side and sat, quivering as he continued to stare at the door and wait for Sebastian to open it.
Hearing his daughter's cries from the other side, and seeing how desperate Rowdy was to get in there, Sebastian's heart began to race, sweat trickled down his brow, and he started imaging the worst. He slipped his key into the lock, turned the handle, and slowly opened the door, trying to prepare himself for whatever was going on on the other side.
Rowdy immediately surged forward, without so much as another peep he darted off towards the left and out of view.
“Olivia?” Sebastian called, walking to the playpen and lifting a screaming Leila from it. “Olivia, are you okay? Where are you?”

Jeremy heard the dog barking loudly, the thud against the door, and then he heard someone shout. He froze on top of Olivia, who, still dazed from that last slap to the face, moaned beneath him. Then he heard the key slide into the lock of the front door. He heard it open, through the buzz of the blood rushing through his head, he heard the man's voice calling for Olivia.
Fuck.
He covered Olivia's mouth with his hand, pulled her up off the bed and against his chest. Took the gun from its holster and shoved it against the side of her temple. Her eyes went wide, nearly rolling into the back of her head as she fainted in his arms.
Still holding her to him, now dead weight in his grasp, he had to juggle a bit to get her standing upright, he tapped the barrel of the gun lightly against the side of her cheek. “Wake up Olivia. Come on Olivia, wake the fuck up,” he croaked into her ear.
She was finally starting to come around, so he shuffled them towards the door. The baby had stopped crying. But the good doctor didn't speak again. He could hear him breathing, though. He was just standing out there in the living room, looking around wildly as he tried to calm the baby down, she was fussing quietly, struggling against his chest.
His daughter. The bastard was holding his daughter.
Jeremy pulled Olivia out of the shadows, Sebastian's head came whipping around as he caught sight of them, and of the gun pressed up against Olivia's head.
“Olivia!” He yelled, taking a step towards them, then stopping.
“Put the baby down.” Jeremy snapped, jabbing the gun harder against Olivia's temple and causing her to cry out. “Put the fucking baby down!”
Sebastian seemed to hold her closer.
“Please Sebastian,” Olivia cried. “Please just do what he says.”
He nodded, very carefully and very slowly setting Leila back down in the playpen, and despite the noise, despite the chaos, Leila drifted off to sleep again.
“Now back away from the playpen,” Jeremy instructed, pointing the gun at Sebastian for a moment.
He didn't hesitate, with his hands held up in front of him, Sebastian backed away from the playpen and closer to the closed door behind him.
Jeremy lowered the gun.
Olivia sighed with relief, then gasped as Jeremy pulled her tighter against him.
“Olivia,” Sebastian called, “are you okay?”
“Shut up!” Jeremy yelled at him placing the gun back up against Olivia's temple. “Just shut the fuck up!” He scanned the room, his eyes darting left and right as he looked for what, Olivia didn't know. “Where's the dog?” He finally asked.
Sebastian shook his head. “I don't know.”
“What do you mean you don't fucking know? you let the bastard in here with you didn't you?”
Sebastian just stared at him. His heart was beating straight out of his chest. He didn't know what to do, didn't know if there was anything he could do. He'd left his phone in the truck, too distracted by Rowdy's odd behavior to remember to grab it. And just where the hell was that dog anyways?
He remembered watching the dog dart off to the left when he'd run inside the house in front of him, but he hadn't seen him since. Some attack dog, he thought as he watched the maniac in front of him, wondering what would happen next. He had to do something, try something, anything.
“Jeremy is it?” He asked tentatively.
“Shut up!” the maniac roared.
“Why are you doing this Jeremy?”
“I said shut the fuck up!” He swung the gun around to point in Sebastian's direction again, “I thought you Mexican's were supposed to be good at taking directions?”
“I'm Spanish,” Sebastian replied, goading him, hoping to keep him talking.
Jeremy groaned instead, cocking the hammer on the gun.
What happened next, both Olivia and Sebastian would never forget, it was like they were watching it in slow motion.
Olivia saw something out of the corner of her eye. Just off to the right of her, there was a blur of movement. There one second and gone the next.
Then all of the sudden, there was a fierce growl, low and loud. It was all the warning any of them got before Rowdy launched himself into the air, latching onto Jeremy's arm, the one that was holding the gun, and slinging him to the ground with the force of the momentum from his leap forward.
The gun went flying, clattering to the floor a few inches short of Sebastian's feet. He scrambled for it, pointing it at Jeremy who now lay on the floor howling in pain and trying his best to fend off the large dog that continued to snap his jaws in Jeremy's face.
Olivia screamed, then managed to get a hold of herself, calling Rowdy's name, telling him to heel. He wouldn't listen. The dog was in full battle mode as he fought his way through the tangle of Jeremy's limbs and finally managed to lock his jaw around the tender flesh of Jeremy's throat.
Olivia remembered the training. She had seen him in action, of course, not like this. She knew Rowdy was trained to disarm a man, and she knew he was trained to hold them by the throat until otherwise commanded by his master to heel, and she even knew that he was trained to kill.
But as much as Olivia hated what Jeremy had done to her, hated the monster he had become, she didn't want him dead. And she certainly didn't want his blood on her hands.
No, thank you.
Sebastian had Jeremy's gun trained on him, and his Taser was on the floor in the bedroom, she'd seen it drop when she'd sprayed him in the eyes with the hairspray. In addition to that, she could always sick Rowdy on him again if need be, she just didn't think having the dog's jaws wrapped around his throat was necessary.
Jeremy was making gurgling sounds as Olivia, finally having calmed herself down enough, stepped closer to him. Rowdy stood still as a statue over him, his jaws locked firmly around Jeremy's throat as the young man struggled and pulled at him uselessly with his hands, pounding without any real strength behind his punches, on the dog’s side. He was choking, gasping for air.
“Aufhören,” Olivia shouted at the dog, finally realizing that he'd never respond to his name at this point. He'd been trained not to lest anyone distract him from his duties. “Aufhören!” she shouted over and over, grabbing a hold of his collar and yanking at him.
All the while, little Leila slept soundly in the playpen just beyond them.
It seemed like forever before Rowdy responded to the commands being shouted at him. It felt like an eternity as Olivia yelled and fought to pull the dog off of Jeremy who still gasped and struggled for air. When the urgency of Olivia's words finally penetrated Rowdy's brain, the dog started to quiver, fighting his own internal battle, this man had committed the ultimate sin as far as the dog was concerned, he had attacked his master, and he shouldn't be allowed to live.
With a sudden tightening of his jaw, Rowdy released Jeremy's neck and sat down on his haunches, waiting for his next command.
But before anyone could sigh in relief, blood bloomed and squirted out of Jeremy's neck. In those last seconds, as Rowdy had clamped down before letting go, he had inadvertently nicked Jeremy's carotid artery, the hole made by his incisor effectively delivering what would be the death blow.
Sebastian rushed over, pushing Olivia and the dog aside as he knelt down alongside Jeremy and began applying pressure to the nick in his vein.
“Call 911!” He shouted to Olivia, who still stood watching in shock and awe as Jeremy bled out onto the hardwood floors.
There was so much blood. It was everywhere, Rowdy took a dainty step back as the blood reached his paws. Finally getting a hold of herself, Olivia raced over to the diaper bag, grabbed her phone and called 911, screaming at the operator hysterically.
By the time they heard the sirens, Sebastian looked up at Olivia, who was holding a wadded up onesie tightly to the hole in his neck while Sebastian had attempted CPR to keep him breathing, and the look in his eyes said it all.
“He's gone, Olivia.”
Covered in another man's blood, exhausted, and still scared out of her mind, Olivia collapsed onto the ground and cried.
She cried as the paramedics came in and tended to Jeremy, calling his time of death.
And she cried as they put Jeremy's body into a black bag and wheeled him out of the house.
It wasn't long before the police arrived and swarmed the place. Olivia and Sebastian were allowed to change clothes, and they gave their soiled ones to the forensic crew. Then Olivia went to her baby, who had somehow managed to sleep through it all, and picking her little girl up out of the playpen, she held her close, and she cried some more as she looked around her once happy home.
There was so much blood.
Even after the body had been removed, there was still so much blood.
And she wasn't even allowed to clean it up. That was the worst part, Olivia understood why she couldn't clean it up, but she wanted so badly to make it all go away. She couldn't stand the sight of it.
Her home.
Her home had been desecrated, again.
And she didn't even want to think about what might have happened, what could have happened if Sebastian hadn't come when he had. There would be time for that later. And she would probably have to start seeing her shrink again.
But Jeremy was dead. He could never hurt her, hurt them, again.
She felt bad in a way about how it had all ended, she could remember now, listening to Jeremy once as he told her a story about being attacked by a Rottweiler. She could just imagine the fear he felt when Rowdy, a dog that though smaller, looked a lot like a Rottweiler, clamped his jaws around his throat. The irony of it all.
That he should end up feeling the same kind of fear that all of his victims had felt. That he should die at the hands, er, mouth, of the thing he feared most.
At least it was over.
It was finally over.
Chapter 20

Two weeks later

Two weeks after the incident with Jeremy, and Olivia still didn't understand it all. She'd given her statement to Detective Ramsey and her partner, going over every aspect of that afternoon, both with them and in her head, but none of it made sense to her.
Jeremy had been her friend.
She could remember her first day at Seaward Staffing, Jeremy, who was only a few years older than her, befriended her instantly. And he became, for a time, her best friend. They hung out after work, went to the movies, had dinner and lunch together, they had even ventured into Chicago a couple of times and hit the club scenes together.
True, there was that one time he had tried to kiss her after they'd shared a more formal dinner together, but she'd turned her head at the last second and he ended up kissing her cheek instead. Of course, he hadn't seemed hurt by the action, merely that that was his original intent all along. But then, a few weeks later, he'd asked her if they could maybe go on a real date together. And she thought she'd been as kind as possible in her rebuff of his advances.
She'd simply told him she hadn't wanted to get involved with anyone from work, but that they could still be friends.
And then there had been that thing with Roderick.
God, she'd felt awful after that, and not just because of the way the whole thing had gone down either. Jeremy had been there to pick up the pieces. Jeremy had let her cry, night after night on his shoulder. He had listened patiently to her the whole time. She realized now how selfish that had been of her. She'd known how Jeremy had felt, and she'd still blabbered on about another man breaking her heart, another man who worked with both of them. Even after she'd told him she hadn't wanted to mix business with pleasure!
Of course, he had been angry with her!
Not that he'd shown it back then. No. Jeremy had been a perfect gentleman and an even better friend. And when Olivia had been promoted to Arthur's personal assistant, and she'd been moved up to the top floor, her interactions with Jeremy became less and less over the years. She could just imagine now how he'd festered. How his feelings for her had rotted and turned sour. Especially with all the rumors that had still been swirling around.
Olivia had an affair with a married man.
But that wasn't where the rumor mill stopped churning, no, they suggested she was having an affair with Mr. Seaward, and they suggested she was having an affair with his then partner who had long since retired, Mr. Harrison Bailes. Who while moderately young still, had a mouth like a horse and a nose like Pinocchio.
So she could just imagine what Jeremy had thought of her.
She didn't want to dip into the company cookie jar indeed.
And it certainly didn't help that she'd pretty much forgotten Jeremy as the years wore on. Their friendship dwindled, and soon enough, he was no more than the security guard that she waved to on her way into the office.
How sad.
As much as she wanted to lay some of the blame at her feet, though, she couldn't.
Jeremy was responsible for Jeremy. And it wasn't even like he was a bad looking guy, he just wasn't her type. And hadn't she tried to be as nice as possible to him? No. None of this was her fault. Jeremy had made the decision to attack her, Jeremy had made the decision to rape her, and Jeremy had made the decision a week ago to try and kidnap her and their daughter.
Sebastian's daughter.
She needed to remember that. Sebastian had been there for her throughout the pregnancy, Sebastian had delivered their little girl, and Sebastian had signed the birth certificate. She was Sebastian's little girl, and my God how he loved Leila.
Jeremy might have forced his seed into Olivia, but that didn't make him a father. That made him a sperm donor, and that was that.
And every time Olivia looked into Leila's beautiful face, all she saw was love. She wasn't reminded of Jeremy, because really, the baby didn't resemble him at all. Leila was all Olivia. From her head to her toes, she was all Olivia.
Laying Leila down in her crib for her nap once she'd finished nursing, Olivia moved out into the living room where Sebastian sat on the couch, Rowdy's head in his lap, and Spook curled up on the back of the couch behind him.
They'd only just gotten Rowdy back the other day, and he was absolutely content to be home, where he'd been given a hero's welcome by Sebastian that included a big steak dinner, medium rare. After having been the one to end Jeremy's life, the police insisted that Rowdy be examined by a vet and quarantined for ten days to make sure he wasn't rabid.
Though the thought of having to quarantine Rowdy seemed ludicrous to Olivia, she understood that it was procedure in a situation like this. Rowdy had killed a man, and they just wanted to make sure it was because of his extensive training rather than any highly transmissible disease. After ten days, Rowdy had been cleared and sent home.
As for the open house, and the sale of the home, they'd had to push it back a week. Once the forensics team had finished gathering evidence and cleared them to start the cleanup, Olivia had the flooring completely replaced, as well as the door in the master bath. And despite the tragedy of that day, Olivia had just received a full price offer on the place the day before. Which she graciously agreed to.
Her Realtor had insisted they could do better, if they waited a little longer, but Olivia just wanted to be done with the place. She even suggested covering the closing costs if the buyers were willing to close in a matter of weeks. And they would have been crazy to pass up on her offer, so they'd quickly agreed to it. In another week, the house would be sold, and she wouldn't have to think about it, or all of the horrible things that had transpired there.
She could look forward to the future, their future.
A future that everyone was looking forward to.
Wedding plans were in full swing, they were shooting for spring now rather than waiting for autumn. Olivia had argued at first, she loved the beautiful fall colors, but Sebastian said they could expand the flower garden around the koi pond, and that by the time they were ready to say I do, they would be surrounded by gorgeous blossoms. And she was sold.
Her parents were arranging it so that instead of leaving in January, they would just stay through to the summer, and they were excited about the prospect of taking care of Leila while the couple went on their honeymoon. The little cottage they were planning to build for Sebastian's mother was already in the works as well.
Tatiana's husband was drawing up the plans that very moment and would hire a firm in the area to handle the build while he followed its progress remotely from California. It would be finished just in time for the wedding. For their wedding night, and then Sebastian's mother would move into it herself. She didn't even think it at all strange or gross that her son and his new wife would christen the place first.
She figured the happy union would bring her luck. The first memory the place had would be one of happiness. And though Olivia thought that sounded a bit hokey herself, she understood what her soon to be mother in law meant. People often felt that the energy they left behind, whether it be happy or tragic, stayed with a place forever.
Which made her feel sad all over again about her once happy home. The energy there was terrifying, and horrific, she'd felt it the last time she'd been by to make sure the floors had come out the way she'd wanted them to, and she'd never forget that feeling, where the hairs on the nape of her neck had stood on end. How the place had just felt, not right. She only hoped the ghost or energy of Jeremy didn't haunt the new owners. Hopefully, they were able to bring back the happiness, change the feel of the place.
Olivia sat down on the couch next to Sebastian, who put his arms around her instantly, pulling her closer, and causing Rowdy to groan as he jostled the dog's head. Olivia scratched behind Rowdy's ears, and with a loud doggy sigh, he drifted back off to sleep.
“Leila's asleep?” Sebastian asked, tracing light circles around the top of her shoulder with his fingers.
“Mmmm,” Olivia moaned, sinking into his embrace. “Yeah, she's finally asleep.”
She could get used to this she thought. Sitting there like a lump, enjoying the afternoon with her soon to be husband.
Sebastian was an amazing man after all. He'd been there for her throughout everything, had loved her regardless of the circumstances, and he'd loved Leila too, a love that seemed to grow for both of them every day. Olivia couldn't wait to see what the future held for them. How big would their little family get? Sebastian said he would be content if they could have even just one more child, but Olivia wanted two.
That would, of course, depend on how the next pregnancy went, how well the doctor, who would most definitely be Dr. Waterman, executed her next C-section. Sebastian had explained that while some doctors were okay with doing a VBAC, or vaginal birth after cesarean, they had chosen as a practice not to do it. So if she wanted Dr. Waterman to be her doctor, which she did, she'd have to have a second C-section, and depending on how that went, they could try for a third, but that would absolutely be the end of it.
Too many C-sections could be hell on the body, and they really only recommended three. Which was fine with Olivia, three children were perfectly alright with her. Sebastian insisted that they also wait at least two years between births, that way her body had the right amount of time to heal and there wouldn't be any risk of her tearing during her pregnancy.
And while Olivia was anxious to give little Leila a brother or a sister, she agreed that two years was the perfect amount of time to wait. Two years was a good gap, so she'd gone on birth control in the interim. Just to be safe. Especially since she and Sebastian couldn't seem to keep their hands off each other. She was six weeks’ post op, and just last night they'd made love to each other for the first time post-baby. It had been the most incredible night of her life, even better than the first time they'd joined together.
Olivia found that being a mother made her feel different, but Sebastian had a way of making her feel sexy and wanted all the same. Sebastian made her feel things that only a woman should, and she felt sorry for all of the women out there that didn't have a man like Sebastian to love them.
Just as Sebastian started to nibble at her earlobe, intent on showing her how much he loved her this morning, the doorbell rang.
Grumbling, Sebastian got to his feet and headed to the door where Rowdy, who had bolted from the couch the second the bell had sounded, was already boring a hole into it with his eyes, his body taut and ready for action.
“Hacke,” Sebastian told him, looking through the peephole to see who had decided to call upon them at the most inopportune of times. Thoughts of seducing Olivia fresh on his mind.
It seemed as if they hadn't had a moment alone since the incident two weeks earlier. There were doctors appointments for Olivia and the baby, work had to be done at the house to prepare it for the sale, and an influx of people had stopped by over the weeks to check in on them. Everyone wanted to make sure Olivia was alright after hearing on the news how she had been held hostage in her own home by a deranged co-worker.
Deranged.
Sebastian didn't like that word. He didn't think Jeremy had gone insane, obsessed maybe, but not insane. And he'd spent the last two weeks trying to convince Olivia of that. The man had felt slighted, probably even a little pissed off by the fact that Olivia had turned him down only to later date someone else at the agency, and a married man at that. Jeremy had let his feelings fester over time, he'd built up this grand illusion in his mind, this fantasy about him and Olivia.
And then he'd attempted to make it a reality.
But when it hadn't worked out the way he'd wanted it to, when Olivia had eventually hooked up with another man, pregnant with his baby, Jeremy had then plotted a way to get back at her, a way to make sure she ended up with him instead of Sebastian. Maybe in the grand scheme of things that sounded a little crazy, but Jeremy was perfectly capable of living a normal life. He'd proven that, he'd worked at the same company for the past fifteen years or so without incident.
And he'd never shown an ounce of what they'd seen that day. No, Jeremy wasn't crazy, he was just stupid.
Olivia had stressed over it just the same, worried that their daughter might inherit some sort of mental illness, so Sebastian had sought out one of the best mental health professionals he knew, and they'd gone to see him together. Dr. Miller sat patiently and listened while Sebastian basically profiled Jeremy and gave what details they knew of his life, which wasn't much. And then he'd tried his best to assure Olivia that Jeremy indeed didn't sound as if he'd been mentally unstable, at least not from a medical standpoint.
Being that they didn't know any of the more intimate details of his life and his childhood, he couldn't say for sure, but it sounded like something had formed Jeremy into the monster that he was. It was a learned behavior rather than an inherited one.
Try as she might, though, that did nothing to ease Olivia's mind. So Dr. Miller had agreed that as Leila got older, if she developed any disturbing symptoms, they could bring her in and he would assess her.
Once they'd gotten home that day, Sebastian, who had taken a month off from work to make sure Olivia settled in, all of his patients being handed over to either Dr. Waterman or Dr. Burnett, called Detective Ramsey and asked if maybe she could give them some sort of closure.
An autopsy was going to be performed on Jeremy, and surely they might be able to see if there were any mental defects once they examined his brain. On top of that, they now had access to all of his belongings and would be combing through his life and background in an attempt to understand just what had happened.
Taking it one step further, Sebastian had made a few calls and gotten ahold of Jeremy's medical records for the past decade. He'd been seeing the same doctor for the last fifteen years since working for the staffing agency. He had been hard pressed to find anything that pertained to his youth since most of it was tied up with the state and the ongoing investigation. Jeremy being a product of the system and all, something he found out as soon as he'd started digging.
But with the records from the past ten years in hand, records that showed no abnormalities, that painted Jeremy as the picture of both physical and mental health, considering the job he held, and the fact that he held a class D armed security license and had undergone extensive testing to receive it, Sebastian had been able to ease Olivia's mind a little more.
She was still, however, waiting on the results of the investigation and the autopsy. Never satisfied that one, he thought to himself as he peered out at Detective Ramsey, who stood waiting patiently on the other side of their door just now.
With a quick command to Rowdy to go lay down, the dog slinking away with one eye still trained on the door, Sebastian opened it and indicated with a quick greeting that Detective Ramsey, dressed casually and holding a thick manila envelope, should come in and have a seat in the living room.
Rowdy who'd met Detective Ramsey a few times over the past couple of weeks when she'd stopped by the veterinarian's office to check up on him, quickly trotted over to her and laid his head in her lap. Laughing, Detective Ramsey reached down and patted him, she'd taken a liking to the dog. His bravery and loyalty having won her over. She had a similar job herself she figured, so she and Rowdy were just two of a kind weren't they?
And even though he was still a trained protector, and practiced killer now, Rowdy's life would change over the coming months. He would hopefully learn that he needn't take his duties too seriously. He was a member of the family now, and didn't need to worry about intruders anymore. In time he would hopefully learn to accept all of the members of Sebastian and Olivia's extended families, and perhaps once Sebastian's mother moved onto the property he'd be promoted to companion instead of guard dog.
Natalie loved dogs after all, and had wanted one of her own for many years now, but with Rafe's allergies, it just wasn't plausible. After hearing about Rowdy's heroics, though, she was excited to meet him and hopeful that they would become fast friends. Sebastian and Olivia had already talked about it, deciding that since she was going to be living alone in the cottage at the back of the property, Rowdy would stay with her.
For now, he was content to be petted by his new friend.
“I uh, I have a lot to tell you guys.” Michelle Ramsey began.
They'd all decided the last time they'd met while busting Rowdy out of the joint to dispense with the formalities. The case had been officially closed, and while policy dictated that some of the aspects of the case not be shared with anyone for fear of a copycat, Michelle wanted to share those things with Olivia and Sebastian. She had promised a full report once she'd gotten it herself. And as she'd become incredibly good friends with Rowdy, there was no reason she couldn't be Sebastian and Olivia's friend as well. Thus, they had started calling her Michelle.
Olivia and Sebastian sat up straight on the couch across from Michelle, their gazes intent, and their minds fully engaged in what she was saying.
“It seems the newspaper was wrong to have called him deranged. Psychotic would probably have been a more apt term for Jeremy Ciniello.”
Despite himself, Sebastian laughed, “well, I always thought the Italian's were a bit of a crazy breed.” He grunted then as Olivia jabbed him with an elbow. “What? you're Greek!”
“There's probably some Italian in me somewhere, Greece and Italy are pretty close neighbors you know, just across the pond, there's no telling if some of my ancestors might have mingled. And this does make Leila half Italian you know.”
Sebastian shrugged, looking back over to Michelle who was laughing quietly to herself over the exchange. Olivia smiled brightly at her, waiting for her to continue after Sebastian's not so funny remark. With a nod, Michelle tapped a finger on the top of the envelope she was carrying and laid it on the coffee table. Neither Olivia nor Sebastian attempted to make a move to pick it up.
“I'm going to lay it all on the line here,” Michelle said in a more serious tone after a few minutes passed in which everyone seemed to stare at the envelope on the coffee table. “He wasn't clinically insane.”
“But he was insane?” Sebastian asked.
Michelle nodded. “Yes, he was absolutely out of his mind. But it wasn't an inherited medical condition. It's all there in the autopsy report, but like I was saying, our doctors couldn't find any medical conditions or inherent diseases. He was likely just a product of his upbringing.”
Olivia stared at Michelle, she seemed to be taking it all in, considering it. “His upbringing?” she finally asked. “What do you know of it? I mean, you guys did look into his background right?”
“Yes. We subpoenaed all of his records from the state. We did a thorough background check on not just him, but his entire family. And we went through both of his houses with a fine tooth comb.”
“Excuse me? both of his houses?” Sebastian butted in.
Olivia turned to him, tried on a soft reassuring smile, neither of them liked talking about what happened that day at the house, to be reminded of what could have happened. “Don't you remember? I told you he had talked about taking me to a place he said he was renting in Elkhart.”
“Oh, right. Elkhart.” Sebastian replied, giving the hand he was holding a squeeze before lifting it to his mouth and pressing a delicate kiss on top. Sebastian still felt guilty about not having gone to the house with Olivia that day. If only he'd been there, or if only he'd gotten there sooner.
“That's right,” Michelle continued. “He had a townhouse here in Gary, and he'd rented a place near Elkhart, a place that was actually very familiar to him.”
Olivia's heart fluttered a little. She was afraid of what was coming next. Afraid of what Michelle was going to tell her and how it would make her feel. All the what the ifs. “Oh?” she asked hesitantly. “He rented a place he knew well?”
“Yes, he knew the place very well. He'd lived there before.”
Michelle told them everything then, starting at the beginning and leaving absolutely nothing out. They'd indeed done a very extensive investigation into the life of Jeremy Ciniello.
Jeremy had been born to a woman by the name of Norienne Ciniello or Nori for short. Father unknown. Nori was a known prostitute at the time, living and working in a suburb south of Elkhart, she had several collars for solicitation as well as narcotics. Both possession and intent to sell. Jeremy had somehow managed to survive in Nori's hostile womb and was born almost a month premature and hooked on crack.
Olivia's heart broke for him when she heard that. How any woman could do that to an innocent baby was beyond her. If you didn't want to be pregnant, there were ways to fix that, even back then.
But Jeremy had survived, he had beaten the odds, and falling through the cracks of the system, the first of many instances that he did so, he was placed back in his mother’s care by the time he was one. For the next four years, a social worker would check up on them intermittently, but obviously not nearly enough. Yet another crack in the system, another time the state failed to protect young Jeremy.
Nori had continued life as a working girl, continued life as a drug addict. And living in a cramped studio apartment, Michelle feared and voiced her concerns on the matter, that Jeremy probably witnessed his mother servicing a John on more than one occasion. There was even the possibility he had been involved somehow.
The thought was just plain sickening.
When Jeremy was but five years old, his social worker, during what was supposed to have been a routine checkup, found the mutilated body of Jeremy's mother on the bed of their apartment. And a scared and cowering Jeremy huddled in the bathtub, covered in her blood.
At that thought, Olivia had to rush to the bathroom and expel the contents of her stomach. She just couldn't imagine it, and for that one reason alone, she could understand why he had become the monster he was. But that wasn't even the half of it.
It got worse. So much worse.
Nobody knew exactly what had happened, and they'd never caught the man responsible. Jeremy never did talk about it, but what they did know, was that he'd been alone in that apartment with his mother’s corpse for a week.
After being turned over to the state, no other family coming forward to claim him, not even the aunt that lived nearby in Elkhart, which they were to remember for later Michelle said, Jeremy was placed in the first of many foster homes.
He had been through at least a dozen families by the time he was twelve. Kicked out of each home. He had issues. He beat up on other kids, broke a couple of noses, even a rib or two. He burned things, including one foster parent’s entire kitchen, and at one point he had mutilated and killed a family’s pet. He was never sent to jail for any of his crimes, though, just transferred to the next family in hopes that they might be better equipped to handle him.
He'd seen countless therapists over the years, but none would medicate him. He just needed to talk, and when he finally opened up, they figured he'd get the help he needed.
When he was twelve, he was sent to live with a family by the name of Tweed. Rick and Eliza Tweed were known as a couple of hard asses around the foster care system. They took in a lot of kids with problems, the kinds of kids that no one else wanted, and somehow, they seemed to turn them into upstanding adults. Rick worked at a tire factory, and his wife Eliza stayed at home and took care of the kids, as well as home schooled them.
For all intents and purposes, it seemed like it would have been a good match. The Tweeds had two other foster kids at the time, a girl about fifteen and a boy around fourteen. For three years there were no incidents concerning Jeremy, and everyone thought they'd finally managed to get him under control.
Soon after turning fifteen, though, there was an attempted rape and armed robbery call on record with the local sheriff’s department, and the details of it were sketchy. The police who had taken the call hadn't bought into any of it, but with Mr. Tweed backing him up, they'd had to accept the story Jeremy had provided.
Jeremy had made a statement saying that someone had broken in, locked him in the hall closet, and then tried to rape Mrs. Tweed. Eliza was pretty shaken up according to the police but refused to go to the hospital despite her various small injuries. And Mr. Tweed had taken a good smack to the side of his head with a lead pipe, telling the police the robber hit him trying to escape with his wife's jewelry, none of which was missing.
Nor had there been any sort of forced entry. Or any marks on Jeremy.
Michelle then said they'd found a diary at his place in Elkhart that chronicled the vast majority of Jeremy's life. In it he'd said his mother was abusive, forcing drugs on him when he was just a little boy. That she constantly told him everything was all his fault, how much she hated him and wished he were dead. How she starved him at times, or made him watch her have sex.
It was all so terribly disturbing, and there were many times Olivia just wanted to make it stop. She didn't want to hear any more of it. But she had to. She had to know, had to try and understand why Jeremy was the way he was. The monster inside of the man.
Jeremy's diary had gone on to say that he'd beat his foster mother Eliza, he'd tied her up and beat her senseless, and then when Rick had come home, he'd hit him over the head with a lead pipe and tied him up in a chair. Made him watch as he raped his wife. And he'd talked about how much Eliza had liked it. How she'd moaned and begged him for more. And that the only reason Rick hadn't killed him afterward or had him thrown in jail was to protect his own ass.
Eliza was on disability for a back injury, and Rick sold her painkillers. He also whored out his foster children, or so Jeremy had assumed, because why else would he have been so desperate to keep them? Michelle figured it was less about prostitution and more about the money he collected from the state to take care of them. He'd lose his ability to be a foster parent if they found out about the pills or the unorthodox methods he used to control the children.
Jeremy had talked about in his diary how Rick beat him and the other kids on a daily basis. But he was smart, and he knew all kinds of tricks and methods to keep from leaving marks. But he did end up giving Jeremy the beating of his life before kicking him to the curb.
At fifteen, Jeremy was homeless.
Olivia could picture it too, and it hurt. She yearned for the chance to have been able to help him. If only she'd known the truth, she had thought. Not that it would have mattered. Jeremy was too far gone, and that became obvious with every word Michelle told them.
Chapter 21



Jeremy had refused to go to the state for help.
Instead, he'd recorded in his diary how he'd gone to his aunt in Elkhart. And records from the state showed that his Aunt Clara had taken him in, enrolled him in the local high school and started collecting checks for him from the state in addition to her own social security, disability checks. She was terminally ill herself, cancer of the lungs, but it seemed, at least to the state that she had changed her mind about Jeremy and was willing to care for him until either he turned eighteen or she died.
Jeremy's diary, however, depicted a much different story.
Michelle took a break at that point.
They all went outside and walked through the backyard for a bit, showed Michelle the newest addition, a couple of adorable black kids one of the nanny goats had had the other day. And they showed her the barn that was being built, because Olivia wanted a couple of horses.
“You're sure you want me to continue?” She asked once they'd all sat back down in the living room again. “You could just as easily read it in the report on your own time.”
Olivia shook her head, “no it's better if you tell it. I think I'd cry too much if I tried to read it. And well, I don't really want that left in my home.” She said pointing to the envelope.
Michelle understood, and with a sigh, she continued to tell the tale of a very sad and disturbed young man.
Jeremy's diary told how he'd searched out his Aunt Clara, his mother's only sister. She lived in a cottage that had been converted into a duplex. One side was a two-bedroom apartment, and the other, the one his aunt lived in was a one bedroom. Both had their own little private backyards.
After learning that she was sick, and being told why she hadn't taken him in in the first place, because she'd felt like she couldn't have taken care of him properly, she was addicted herself, to meth, though she'd long since cleaned up, Jeremy tied her up.
He tied her up and he beat her, and he raped her.
He beat her and raped her until she begged.
And then he threatened to kill her unless she did everything he said.
Then for the next year, he beat her and raped her on an almost weekly basis until she finally died of cancer. Then he buried her in the backyard and continued to live a normal life as he had termed it, there alone until he was nineteen, and the checks stopped coming in.
“We found the body of Clara Delhouise in the backyard of the property he rented in Elkhart,” Michelle said, as she softly stroked Rowdy's head, using him for strength and support while she talked about some of the most heinous crimes she'd ever witnessed or read about.
“Oh God.” Olivia moaned, turning into Sebastian's embrace. She felt sick to her stomach. The thought that he might have taken her there, to that place, a place filled with such pain and terror, God, it frightened her!
“You mean he rented what he felt, what he felt was his childhood home?” Sebastian asked in disgust.
“Yes.” Michelle answered, “the owner of the property had converted it back into a cottage a few years ago, and Jeremy had rented it for a year, paid in full.”
“Why do I feel like that's not all of it? Like there's more?” Olivia cried. She felt horrible for Jeremy, and yet, she hated him for what he'd become, what he'd put her through. She could imagine the sad and lonely child he had been though, and it all seemed to tug on her heartstrings.
“Because there is,” Michelle said flatly
Jeremy could have risen above the person he had become. The hand he had been dealt. But he didn't. He never even tried. Or at least, not really.
Michelle told them Jeremy managed to graduate from high school, on time, at the age of eighteen. He lived at his aunt's home in Elkhart for another year before moving to Gary and taking the job as a security guard at the Seaward Staffing Agency. For all intents and purposes, he had seemed like a good candidate.
Despite his troubled youth, he'd never had a criminal record, and the agency wasn't privy to his records otherwise, the ones from the state that depicted him as a budding psychopath.
He graduated from high school with pretty good grades and a GPA that was the equivalent of a B average. It seemed that though he had moved around a lot, and had maybe had it a little rough at times, he was, if nothing else, a good student.
And he'd passed all of the tests and psychological exams to become an armed security guard with flying colors.
Olivia supposed it was just another way the system failed. For how anyone, including herself, couldn't have seen what simmered below the surface was just unimaginable. He'd fooled them all. Everyone. Nobody had ever assumed this ordinary looking young man was anything other than what he had appeared to be.
A narcissist, and a true psychopath.
Along with one hell of a good actor.
Through DNA testing, they were able to prove that Jeremy was the father of Leila, though that information would never get any further than the case files. Jeremy was dead, so there would never be a trial, so for all the world knew, Sebastian was Leila's father.
DNA testing, also proved that it was Jeremy who had attacked and raped the working girl that had lived to tell the tale. As well as the one who hadn't. And to Olivia's horror, the one they had found at the bottom of a deep freezer at the rented house in Elkhart.
And that was just about the most disturbing thing of all for Olivia. Until Michelle told her the rest that is.
His diary was surprisingly up to date, and he wrote down a lot of things over the years. He chronicled over twenty attacks on working girls or women of irrefutable reputations. They had open cases for only five.
And Jeremy's diary had also indicated the graves of five more women, all of whom the sheriff’s department were able to find. Bringing the total of cases to thirteen including Olivia. They had no idea who any of the other women were. He never referred to any of the women by anything other than mom.
Which brought Olivia to a startling realization.
“Oh my God,” she gasped, Sebastian pulling her into his embrace for emotional support. “That day, that day at the house, he called me mom twice. I thought, well I thought he did it because he was referring to the fact that I was Leila's mother.” She turned to Michelle, and she could see the wariness in her eyes. “But that's not it, is it?”
Michelle shook her head, both saddened and sickened by what she had to tell them next. “No. It isn't.”
“Oh God,” Sebastian groaned.
“All of the women, the working girls were around the age of forty, which we know now was how old Jeremy's mother was when she died.”
“He was raping his mother?” Sebastian asked, more than a little sickened himself.
“We think so.”
God, how could it get any worse than that? Olivia asked herself as she sat there and listened.
But it did. Oh God, it did.
Jeremy had preyed on a certain type of woman. Most were working girls, a few had been strippers, and one a drug dealer, but all were of less than desirable professions, and reputations.
They were all around the age of forty. Brunette, and small of stature. Some tall, some short, but all slender, and with either missing or rotten teeth. Many of the girls had long rap sheets, mostly solicitation, and drug pops. Which would explain the state of their teeth. He had looked for women with drug problems. He had looked for prostitutes. He had looked for women that reminded him of his mother.
And while most of the women were still alive, hopefully even the unknown ones, the few that he'd killed, were done so slowly, methodically even, and with malice.
Why he'd chosen those particular women was anybody's guess. He hadn't talked much about the why in his diary, just the how.
And the how was particularly brutal in most cases.
In addition to the bodies they'd located with the help of the diary, and the one in the freezer at the house in Elkhart, there was one more grim discovery that Michelle had to tell them about.
His veritable torture chamber at the townhouse in Gary.
“That's just fucking sick.” Sebastian spat as they listened to Michelle outline the details.
They'd found enough hair, fiber, and DNA, to connect him to everything in his diary, even without the actual book itself.
In addition to that, and the tools he used on his victims, the tools he hadn't cleaned very well, in all actuality, he hadn't cleaned anything in his home very well, despite the advanced measures he'd taken to make things easier, he also had hours of footage showing all of his sick conquests.
Even the ones they didn't know about.
The police were confident that they would be able to identify the rest of the women through the footage from those videos. Not that it mattered too much anymore. Jeremy was dead, and he could no longer face punishment for his many and varied crimes over the years.
They'd also learned through his diary that he later killed Rick Tweed. Snipping his break lines and causing a crash that was later ruled an accident due to faulty wiring.
So many things.
So many lives he'd ruined.
And he could never atone for them now.
Where was the justice? Olivia thought.
But through it all, hearing about his life, the things he went through, and what led him to the kind of life he lived, Olivia still couldn't help but feel sorry for the boy he had been.
Michelle stood at the end of it. And pulling a thick folded over white envelope from her back pocket, she handed it to Sebastian.
“I think this will help explain a few things.” She'd said. Getting ready to leave, sorry for having had to put them through the nightmare once again.
“What kinds of things?” Sebastian asked, turning the envelope over in his hands and hesitating to open it. Afraid of what secrets lied within.
“Why he was so obsessed with Olivia. Why he attacked her.”
Tears brimming in her eyes for the umpteenth time since Michelle had arrived, Olivia snatched the envelope away from Sebastian and opened it. A stack of pictures sliding into her hands.
With a loud gasp, she dropped them. She dropped them as though they were a living breathing thing. As though they were on fire and burning her hands.
Sebastian bent down to pick them up, distraught by Olivia's actions, but more than a little curious as to why she had reacted as she had.
The first couple of pictures were of Olivia. A few of when she'd first started her job at the agency. One of her and Jeremy smiling goofily into the camera. The next few were more recent, dated just before the attack. Some of her around the office, some of her in the privacy of her own home. Watching TV or getting undressed.
Sebastian ground his back teeth together as he continued to flip through the stack. He kept thinking how lucky Jeremy was that he was already dead. He'd kill him again given half the chance. There were a couple more pictures of Olivia after the attack, a series showing her growing baby bump, and one was captioned, mine.
And then there were some older photos mixed in. They showed a young woman, probably sometime in the early 70's and probably around the age of thirty, she had dark hair, blue eyes, and a curvy figure.
She looked a lot like Olivia.
“He thought I was his mother.” Olivia eventually managed through her shock.
Michelle nodded, “we think so.”
“That's so sick. God, that's so sad.”
“Sad?” Sebastian grumbled, cutting Olivia off. “How is that sad? It's fucking disgusting is what it is! This man was raping and killing women that reminded him of his mother!”
“Exactly!” Olivia argued. “He never got over it. Children love their mothers Sebastian, it doesn't matter at that age. It didn't matter what she did to him, he loved her anyways. And he probably watched when she was killed. He lived with her dead body for a week! Can't you see? Don't you understand? He just wanted her back.”
Sebastian stood, started to pace. He could see how Olivia could come to that conclusion, but it still didn't make much sense to him. “Then why would he kill them? Why would he rape them?”
“It wasn't about sex, Sebastian.” Olivia held her hands out to him, pleaded with him with her eyes for him to come back to her. He did, sitting again and taking her hands in his. “You of all people should know that rape is never about sex, Sebastian. You who support a dozen organizations involving women's shelters and rape crisis centers. It wasn't about sex.”
“I get that, but he still did it. He still had sex with women that reminded him of his mother. And then you...” He trailed off for a minute, pulled her closer, determined to never have to let go. “God Olivia, when I think of what could have happened to you, what did happen... it drives me a little crazy. What if I had lost you? What if he had taken you and Leila away?”
“But he didn't.”
“He could have. And why?” He looked down at the pictures on the table, with fear in his eyes, both of them oblivious to the fact that Michelle was still there. Watching the exchange between them. Tears in her eyes. “He would've taken you away from me because, what? he thought you were his mother reincarnated? It doesn't make sense. It just doesn't make sense. And it sickens me to even think about it!”
“I don't know Sebastian,” Olivia murmured. “Maybe in some way he did think I was his mother. And maybe the whole sex aspect was his way of showing love,” She held up a hand when he would have said something. “Don't cut me off Sebastian, just let me finish. His diary showed how he'd been forced to watch his mother have sex, so you can easily see how that could have been construed as love to him. I'm not saying it makes sense, not to us, but to a boy like that?”
“But he was a man, Olivia!” Sebastian argued. “This wasn't a little boy, or even some teenager raping women because he had mommy issues, this was a grown man. An, unfortunately, intelligent, and a very calculated grown man.”
“I get that. I'm just saying that maybe he was a product of his environment like everyone's suggesting. Like, there was a part of him that would always be that little boy. Do you understand?”
“Yeah, yeah whatever,” Sebastian said with a dismissive wave. He couldn't stand the fact that the woman he loved, the woman who had been tortured by this sick freak was actually trying to defend him!
Michelle piped in. She could see where this was going, and she couldn't bear to see them arguing over it any longer. “We don't understand how the human mind works Sebastian. Not fully anyway. And it's very likely that the things he went through, the things in Jeremy's past, somehow, well, somehow they formed him into the man he was. While we might never understand it ourselves, he did, and somehow it all made sense to him. It seemed right, even.”
“That sounds like a bunch of excuses to me,” Sebastian retorted.
“I'm just trying to help you find closure. Both of you.”
“And we appreciate it, Michelle, really we do,” Olivia assured her, giving Sebastian the stink eye as she said it.
“And uh, about your daughter.”
Sebastian's head shot up. “What about her?”
Michelle blushed under the intensity of his gaze, she could tell he loved the child, and that made what she was going to say that much easier. “With the investigation closed, and Jeremy deceased, there's really no reason you have to ever tell Leila where she came from. No one will ever know the truth. Those records are sealed, the ones pertaining to her DNA. I made sure of it.”
“Thank you,” Olivia cried, going into Sebastian's arms despite the argument they'd just had.
“If I were you guys,” Michelle said, standing and extending a hand to both of them, “I'd never tell her. I can't imagine what good would come of it anyways. I hear she has your blood type Olivia, so there're no worries there. And Sebastian, you told me already that you signed the birth certificate.” He nodded. “Well then, I don't see any way she'd ever find out the truth, that you're not her biological father, unless you guys decided to tell her.”
“We've given it a lot of thought,” Sebastian spoke up. “And after what you've told us, after what we've already learned, it sounds like he had problems, serious mental problems, but nothing hereditary. So we figure, as long as she grows up in a good, solid environment, in a home filled with love, she never needs to know about Jeremy. Nobody needs to carry that around with them.”
Michelle nodded, smiled, and with a final wave, saw herself out. Stopping to give Rowdy one more good ear ruffle just before closing the door behind her.
Sebastian and Olivia sat there a while longer. Just holding each other. Both of them crying, neither ashamed of their tears. Tears that were shed for all that they'd been through. Tears of joy for what they hadn't had to face, and maybe, just maybe a few for the lost little boy who had suffered at the hands of his own mother.
“I guess we should burn that,” Sebastian said, when they had both finally stopped crying.
“Burn what?”
“That.” He said again, pointing to the envelope and the pictures still sitting on the table.
“Oh. Those.”
“Yeah, those.”
Olivia smiled up at him, and Sebastian wiped the remainder of her tears away before kissing her gently on the nose. “Maybe we could do it a little later, when it's dark out.” So she didn't have to look at them, she thought to herself.
“Sure. And maybe we can make some s’mores while we're at it,” He joked.
Olivia gave him a little ribbing with her elbow, but she laughed just the same. “I'm glad we can finally get past all of this.”
“Me too.” He gave her a big squeeze. Kissed her more thoroughly on the mouth. “Me too.”
“Sebastian?” Olivia said as she pulled away, more than a little breathless, and possibly even a little turned on.
“Hmmm?”
“We're going to be okay, aren't we? We're going to be just fine?”
He nibbled at the arch of her neck, nipped at her chin, “yeah, we're going to be just fine.”
Epilogue


That following spring;

Olivia was nervous as hell.
Today was her wedding day. Today she would become Mrs. Sebastian Esparza. Today she would marry the man of her dreams, and she was nervous as hell.
Leila was almost six months old, she was already sitting up on her own, and it amazed Olivia just how much her little girl had grown up already. How fast. Time really did fly, and there was just no stopping it. As the flower girl, though she would be carried by one of Sebastian's cousin's daughters who was almost ten and insisted she was big enough, she was dressed in the cutest little frilly pink and white dress.
She looked positively adorable, but then again, everyone looked great. Sebastian's two sisters, as well as her friend Donna, were going to be her bridesmaids. Donna the matron of honor, who had taken her duties very seriously and thrown one hell of a bachelorette party to include a couple of strippers, looked radiant in her teal gown.
Olivia had made sure of course, to pick out dresses that not only looked good, but could be worn again on a different occasion if the girls wanted to. And each one wore a different color. Sebastian's sister Francesca, whom she's met for the first time a couple of weeks before the wedding, and absolutely loved, was wearing a deep rouge colored dress.
And Tatiana, who was officially nine weeks pregnant, Olivia was sure it was a girl, was dressed in a lovely sage green, that really made her eyes pop.
Both mother's, Olivia's and Sebastian's wore matching gowns in a pale yellow color. She'd actually had a dress in orange picked out for her mother, but after seeing what Natalie was going to be wearing she insisted on matching, and Natalie, having been tickled by the idea, eagerly agreed. Those two were as thick as thieves already!
Sebastian's brother Rafe was the best man, with both Olivia's brother Amadeus and her father filling out the other two groomsmen, and Sebastian's nephews teaming up as ring bearers.
As planned, the wedding was taking place at their home, out back in front of the koi pond and flower garden, that as promised by Sebastian, had been extended, and was in full bloom. It was the most beautiful backdrop she could have imagined for her wedding.
There were chairs on either side of the stone walkway, and a big white picket fence type archway at the end of the walk in front of the pond where they would say their vows.
Rowdy, who thoroughly enjoyed his new job of companion to Natalie, was trussed up in a big blue bow that matched the color of Donna's dress. While the other seven dogs, yes seven, as it turned out that Olivia had been mistaken when she thought Buff was a boy, and she and Biff had produced a litter of five puppies, all of which were now eight weeks old and would be going to their forever homes, were all wrapped in different colored bows of their own. Each a shade of someone in the wedding party.
Olivia's dress, now, that was another matter.
It had taken her nearly two months to find the right dress. And it was perfect. Stunning. It hugged her curves, accentuating her waist, and plumping up her breasts, in a way that didn't look slutty mind you, but rather one that just enhanced her overall sensuality.  It was a strapless gown and the bodice was encrusted with sparkly little jewels, some of them the color of diamonds, while others were the color of sapphires, rubies, and emeralds, all the colors of her bridal party.
And the train was moderate in length, thus it wouldn't need to be held while she walked down the aisle. She had a matching tiara for her head that would hold the veil in place, and her hair was half up, half down, with curls framing her face.
For her something blue, her mother had bought her a lacy blue garter to wear, later to be taken off at the reception by Sebastian. And her something old had come from her soon to be mother-in-law, it was a diamond choker she'd had pretty much all her life, a gift from her father. Her most prized possession, and often the only thing she'd ever had of value, at least until now with the trust she'd inherited from her estranged husband.
It was a beautiful necklace. And she wanted Olivia to have it which made her heart squeeze with love. It was a solid white gold strand with one big solitary diamond in the middle, and it fit snug against her neck so that it didn't detract from the beauty of her gown or the way her breasts almost seemed to heave when she breathed deeply.
Which she did a lot, because she was so damn nervous!
Last but not least, there was the something new. A gift from her soon to be sisters in law. A diamond tennis bracelet.
With all the glitter, Olivia felt like a princess.
A princess that was about to marry a pirate!
Walking down the aisle a little while later, Sebastian standing with the preacher under the archway, smiling as he waited for her. Olivia held onto her father's arm snugly. She was still so nervous. But it was such a good feeling.
Her father handed her over to Sebastian then, taking his place as the third groomsman, and together she and Sebastian pledged their love for one another. In front of God and all of their friends and family, Leila now in the arms of Tatiana, as she cooed and followed the flight path of a monarch butterfly that fluttered past, they said I do.
And they would remember this day for the rest of their lives.
They would remember how beautiful everything looked. How happy everyone was.
They would remember the smile on their daughter's face as she cooed and giggled when they walked back up the aisle with her. The three of them together.
A family at last.
Coming Soon!

Check out a sample of my newest novel, When Lightning Strikes!

Chapter 1
The Confession



*Earlier that year;

“And now! Introducing, Mr. and Mrs. Donovan Pierce!” The DJ all but screamed into the mic, as Donovan and Lacy walked up the planks and onto the deck at Marlin Monroe's.
Everyone cheered and clapped.
It was a beautiful day, if not a bit chilly down near the water.
And today, Lacy and Donovan celebrated a year of knowing each other by tying the knot.
A year and a couple of weeks earlier marked the day, that Donovan had been sidelined and rushed to the emergency room after getting into a car accident in which his drunk ass cousin had nearly killed them both.
A year and a couple of weeks ago marked the day, that Donovan was tended to by a beautiful nurse with a viper's tongue and a terrible bedside manner.
A night neither of them would soon forget.
And here they were, a year and a few weeks later, married and celebrating with 200 of their closest friends and colleagues.
Denver didn't know Lacy all that well, but he supposed he knew enough about her after working with her these past few months, and despite her newfound happiness with Donovan and her upgraded position working with the Slashers medical team, he'd readily admit that her bedside manner hadn't improved any.
He wasn't sure how Donovan had managed to get past her crusty professional demeanor long enough to get to know the incredible woman within, but he commended him for it. Every time Lacy smiled, or something was funny enough to make her laugh, Denver could see how Donovan could fall for a girl like her.
She was amazing, and though he wouldn't say it out loud, when Lacy looked at Donovan with that love in her eyes, Denver was a little bit jealous.
But here they were, a year later. Married.
It was a quiet ceremony, a civil one. Only their immediate families had been invited, but nobody seemed bothered by that, or if they did, no one was willing to bitch about it.
Denver would bet that Lacy would have been something of a bridezilla had she wanted to go the traditional route, which was probably why Donovan had easily agreed to a simple wedding if he could have a big celebration afterward.
And what a celebration it was!
Donovan had rented out the deck at Marlin Monroes, a relaxed and overgrown tiki hut of a bar and grill right on the water of Tybee Island. It was a cheeky sort of place with great ocean views and a Marlin in a white dress as their mascot.
It was attached to a hotel also, so it was a great place to get drunk and crash for the evening, which many were doing in honor of the happy couple and the generously provided open bar.
Staying true to their casual wedding, the newlyweds had gotten married in matching jeans and custom-made Slashers jerseys that said Mr. and Mrs. and the Lord only knew whose idea that had been! They looked happy all the same as they strode up the dock holding hands and smiling like a couple of idiots from ear to ear. 
“Let's get this party started!” Donovan sang, lifting his and Lacy's clasped hands in the air and giving them a good shake. “Someone get me a drink! I think I'm going to need it!” He laughed heartily, looking at Lacy as though she were the only woman on earth. Though, to him, that might be true.
Lacy just shook her head, gave him a quick jab in the midsection and swatted at his butt as he made his way over to his friends who dutifully stood guard over at the bar.
Denver's heart tightened a bit as he watched them exchange a look that only true happiness could bring.
Yeah, he was a little jealous.
Of course, it wasn't just Donovan he was jealous of.
It seemed lately, that everyone on the Slashers team was pairing off.
Well, with the exception of Andre. But Andre was still too young and busy chasing skirts while notching his bedpost to think about settling down just yet.
Everyone else though? Sure as hell seemed like they were pairing off.
The Captain of the team, Dean Kirk, had met himself a feisty redhead at the beginning of their cup winning season, and wasted no time, marrying her a few months later on St. Patrick's Day, just before the playoffs. And during the offseason last year, their star defensemen Peter Petrovic had found himself an outspoken beauty who was willing to stand by his side during a trying time as he faced down a horrible accusation.
Even veteran forward, Viktor Bortnik, had moved in with his long-term girlfriend once Peter moved out. He and Harmony having bought a place of their own together just down the road from Lacy and Donovan.
Yeah, there was love and happiness abound this past year.
Two weddings now and two babies.
Dean and Abby had welcomed a son, Tyler Alexander Kirk, into the world on the 1st of the year. And starting goaltender, Francois Baudin, and his gorgeous wife, Denise, had welcomed their own little girl, Arabella, into the world that previous offseason amid the chaos of Peter's predicament.
Maybe, “a little jealous” didn't cover it. Denver was pretty darn jealous of the fact that a great many of his teammates had found happiness, and yet, here he was, nursing a warm beer while he wallowed in his misery.
A hard slap on the shoulder shook him out of his dour mood a few moments later as Francois, or France as they called him, took a seat beside him at the bar.
France motioned for the bartender and nodded as the barkeep signaled it would be a minute while he poured another round of drinks for a couple of the guys.
“Enjoying yourself Collins?”
Denver shrugged, about to say something stupid, though it sounded witty enough in his mind, when the bartender sidled over and caught France's attention.
“What'll it be gentlemen?”
“Oh, how about a couple of stiff ones for me and my friend here...” Denver looked up, about to object, rolling the neck of the beer bottle in his hand for effect, but France didn't seem to pay him any mind. “Make mine a double, yeah?”
The bartender nodded and went off to see to it before Denver could further protest.
“That's not necessary, man.” He said before getting cut off, again.
France gave him another hearty smack on the shoulder. “Oh, but it is my friend. Oh, but it is.”
Puzzled by his cryptic response, Denver slugged back the rest of his beer with a grimace as he'd been nursing it for the last hour and it had gotten rather warm by that point, and accepted the tumbler half filled with an amber liquid from France.
France tapped his against Denver's and with a clink of glass, raised it to his lips. “To new beginnings,” he mumbled before downing his entire drink and slamming it down on the bar in front of him.
“To new beginnings,” Denver agreed, not quite certain they were toasting the happy couple as he watched France order another round. “Is everything okay France?”
France took a long pull from a beer that Denver hadn't realized he'd been holding, and turned to look at him, letting out a string of unintelligible words that had Denver cocking his head to the side.
“Stanfield asked me to waive my no movement clause.” He grumbled, finally making sense.
Denver's eyes bulged, he felt like he'd just taken a puck to his midsection. “He... he what?”
France nodded. “Keep them coming,” he said, accepting two more drinks from the bartender and handing one to Denver before draining his own and replying. “I'm going to be traded.”
At a complete loss for words, Denver finished off his first drink and reached for the second one.
Shit. Double shit.
Hell. Traded?
They sat there in silence for a few minutes, Denver completely dumbfounded, though why he couldn't have said, after all, France's contract was up at the end of the season, and he'd be an unrestricted free agent. They were, as of now, on the outside looking in if the playoffs had started today, and even if they managed to limp into a wildcard spot, they were just too banged up to go the distance after back to back cup runs.
And everyone knew they couldn't afford to resign France, everyone knew this was more than likely his last year with the team, but staring that realization in the face somehow made it... harder... to accept.
“At the deadline?” Denver finally managed, his eyes glazing over as he sat there stirring ice around his empty glass with his finger.
France nodded, not much livelier than his companion, looking at his empty tumbler as though it might somehow refill itself. “At or before.”
“Do you know where?”
France stood then, slamming his glass on the counter and startling Denver out of his shocked state.
“Don't know. Don't care.” He gave Denver a quick squeeze on the shoulder, grabbing his beer off the counter and tilting his head back to finish it off before tossing it with a clink into the nearby trash can. “Let's celebrate kid.”
Denver forced a smile and watched his longtime friend and mentor retreat into the crowd in search of the newlyweds.
Traded. Shit.
He wondered if anyone knew, if France had told anyone else.
Probably not.
If he knew France, and he felt like he knew him pretty well after having been his backup for the last 3 years, France wouldn't want to ruin the mood. He'd wait until after the all-star break, or hell, he might not tell anyone at all until a trade actually took place.
But he told you*.
It was just like France. He probably wanted Denver to be prepared. He didn't want it to come as a surprise, he would want to give Denver the time to get used to the idea of it being HIS team now.
His team.
God, that sounded wonderful. His team.
Poor France.

Riley tilted her head back and laughed as Andre Lepowski whispered naughty sentiments in her ear while swinging her around the makeshift dance floor.
Gosh, she hadn't had this much fun in forever!
Too much work, and way too much studying! She was glad she'd accepted Dean's invitation to be his plus one tonight. It was too bad the baby was sick, she'd bet she and Abby could have caused some trouble out here tonight!
As the song ended and Andre pulled her in close to try and seal the deal, Riley laughed louder. The heat of his mouth tickled her ears, and though the things he said sounded VERY enticing, he was a bit young for her taste. But she had to hand it to him, the boy had game!
She used her hands to push on his extremely well-muscled chest and put a little distance between them before her libido forgot just how young he actually was. “Call me in a few years,” she said with a wink, leaving him to stare after her as she headed for the bar.
Her head felt a bit fuzzy, her vision just a tad off, but with an open bar, compliments of the Captain, she sure as hell wasn't done drinking just yet!
Riley ordered herself a cocktail and looked around as she waited for it. There were bodies everywhere, the entire team had come, of course, as well as both the bride and groom’s family and network of friends. There were lots and lots of people.
And lots and lots of hot guys.
Shame most of them were taken.
Except for Mr. Tall Dark and Handsome next to her. Riley was fairly certain he was single, and she was ready to mingle!
“Well, hey there!” she said, plopping her elbow down on the bar top and resting her chin against her palm.
Denver looked around for a second, his brows raising a bit as he took in the sight of her, and her million-watt smile.
Riley could charm the plaster off a statute with that smile, or so she'd been told. And though she was anything but graceful just now in her pursuits, she was full of liquid courage.
“Want some sex on the beach?”
His eyes widened. “Pardon?” he asked, trying to shake the cobwebs from his addled mind.
Riley held up her glass as the bartender handed it to her, “It's sex on the beach, you want some?” She asked before taking a slow sip and suggestively licking her lips.
“Oh, uh, no thanks,” Denver managed, holding up his own drink and taking a quick swig from the bottle before setting it back down on the coaster.
“It's Denver, right?”
His smile was slow, and kind of lopsided, but she liked how it reached all the way up to those big blue eyes of his. “Yeah.”
Riley swung her arm out from under her, her head nearly falling on the bar top before her brain could catch up with the command, but she somehow managed to pull it together in time without him noticing and held it out to him. “I'm Riley, it's nice to meet you, Denver.”
He smiled again, clearly just as slow on the uptake as she was. Perfect, they were both lit.
“Are you friends of the bride or groom?” Denver asked, finally able to find his voice.
“Neither.”
“Come again? What, are you like a wedding crasher?”
Riley laughed, and the sound of her husky laughter did little to settle Denver's nerves. Something about her just put him on edge.
She shook her head, her short pixie cut dark hair bouncing around her face in waves, “I'm a friend of Abby's, I'm here with Dean, his plus one if you will.”
He looked a little perturbed, if not, even, a little concerned, “where's Abby? Is everything okay?”
Pulling the little sword from her drink, Riley wrapped her tongue around one of the cherries and slipped it off, catching it between her teeth and biting into it with vigor. She watched with pleasure as Denver gulped visibly, seemingly mesmerized by the display.
“Since the baby is a little under the weather, Dean asked me if I wanted to come. They live right next door though if you wanted to pop in and say hi.”
Catching himself, Denver smiled a little sheepishly, “Oh yeah, I, uh, I knew that.”
Riley knew she had him hooked at this point, like a little fish, just dangling on the end of the line.
It was time to reel him in.
“Do you want to get a room?”
Denver snapped his head around so fast, he thought for sure he'd have whiplash. “Sorry?” he stammered, certain he hadn't heard her correctly.
Riley's lips curved into a potent smile, “I said, they make a lovely bride and groom.”
Sighing audibly, Denver forced himself to relax. He must have had too much to drink, that or his brain was too far into the gutter after watching that little charade of hers with the cherry. He was only hearing what his dick wanted to hear at this point.
“Yeah, they uh, they make a great couple,” he coughed, trying to clear his throat. It felt thick like he'd swallowed his Adam's apple or something.
With a cherub-like smirk on her face, Riley nearly burst out laughing. She had to bury her face in her palm to contain it. “Oh, come on Denver,” she teased, “you couldn't possibly have fallen for that.”
It took him a minute, he had to sort through what he thought he heard, and what he wanted to hear, again, but he was pretty sure he knew what was going on here. “You're fucking with me aren't you?”
Riley nodded, still trying to sustain the giggles she was all but choking on.
“Wait, did you just proposition me for sex? I mean, my brain didn't just make that part up, right?”
That was her undoing. Riley pretty much keeled over at that point, holding onto her sides as they split into pain from the laughter that poured out of her.
Denver couldn't help it, her laughter was infectious, and he found himself laughing heartily along with her.
After several long minutes, when they were finally able to catch their breaths, Riley waited for what felt like an eternity for Denver to look her in the eyes again.
“So big fella... you lookin' to score?”
Shaking his head slowly, Denver sort of half laughed as he took it all in. Her, the proposition, the shitty night he'd been having, it was all quite overwhelming really.
“It's not often the goalie gets to score,” he retorted.
Riley bit her lower lip, her brows rising as she admired his witty comeback. “I bet you'd be a lot of fun.”
To hell with it. He was going for it.
“Only one way to know for sure.”
Chapter 2
The Penalty Box



Riley and Denver stood together just outside the door to one of the rooms of the connecting hotel. With the key card in one hand, Riley smacked it lightly against the palm of the other, turning and leaning up against the door in order to see him better, God but he was tall!
“You're sure about this?” She asked.
“Just open the door, Riley.”
“Alright then, let me just slide this in right here...” she crooned, slowly slipping the key card into the lock and pulling it back out quickly when it lit up.
Denver groaned, using his size to gently coax her into the room a little faster than the snail's pace she was going at. The more he thought about what was going to happen in the next few minutes, the more he wanted her.
Riley was definitely unlike any woman he'd ever met.
He'd say she was probably pretty average in height, somewhere around 5'7 or so, but that's about where the comparison to the word “average” ended. She had a pixie-like face in that it was angular, with a sharp chin and high cheekbones, but her big doe eyes really softened her features, and the whiskey color of them was absolutely mesmerizing.
Her hair was short and choppy, framing that exotic face, and her body, though slender, was full of womanly curves.
His sister would probably call him an idiot for hooking up with a woman he'd just met, and to be honest, he was a bit skeptical at first himself, but whether it was the fact that she was a friend of Abby's or because he'd consumed one too many drinks in his quest to forget France's admission, when she made the offer, well, it was one he just couldn't seem to refuse.
Riley let him back her into the room, laughing and looking around his massive frame as he kicked the door shut. Her body trembled with excitement, anticipating what she hoped to be an all-night affair.
As they neared the bed, Riley put up a hand to intercede, reaching into her back pocket and pulling out her cell phone.
“What's this?” Denver quipped, “A delay of game? I might have to penalize you for that Riley.”
Riley had to quickly cover her mouth to prevent herself from spitting on him as she tried desperately to choke back the laughter that surfaced.
“I just need to text Abby really quick so she doesn't worry,” she said, regaining her composure. “But depending on what a penalty entails, I might just take you up on that.”
Denver blushed, surprised he'd been forward with her just now and even more shocked by her quick retort. If not a little excited about the implications of such a remark as well. “What are you going to tell her?”
Riley cocked one brow, hitting the send button on her phone and laying it on the bedside table. “I told her I was drunk and getting a room, that I didn't want to disturb the baby.”
“Is that how you want to play it?”
“Oh honey,” she purred in a low husky whisper as she stepped closer to him, “we haven't even begun to play.”
“Careful Riley, I might have to get you for instigating a fight,” Denver gasped as she hooked her fingers in his belt loops and tugged him closer.
“Mmm... yeah... penalize me,” she teased. “Are you going to spank me, Denver? I might like that.” Riley bit her lower lip as she stared him down, her hands inching toward the snap of his pants.
Gulping audibly, Denver reached for her hands, taking a deep breath so he could get his thoughts together. “N-no, no spanking,” he mumbled, finally gaining control of the situation.
With a little effort on his part, Denver managed to get Riley on her back and himself between her legs before she could so much as take her next breath. In the next instant, as she struggled to right herself and get her equilibrium back in order, he had her completely pinned beneath him and at his mercy.
“What are you going to do to me, Denver?” She whispered into his ear, pleased with herself as she felt him tremble.
“Two-minute minor,” he hissed through his teeth when he felt her tongue dart into his ear.
Still very much holding her as his captive, Denver went to work. With one hand sliding down the length of her sleek little frame, he used the other to brush the hair from her neck and lowered his mouth to get his first taste of her.
She smelled like heaven, and she tasted like sweet honey and bourbon. Bold. Spicy.
It was all Denver could do not to rip her clothes off and dive right into her. He could already picture her naked and writhing beneath him. His groin ached, and his body throbbed with anticipation.
Riley squirmed and giggled under him, just the weight of his body was enough to send her hormones into overdrive. But what he was doing to her neck, and the way his hand lightly skimmed her body, she thought she just might explode.
Denver used his teeth to punish her, and his tongue to soothe. He sucked, he nibbled, and he teased. He licked, lapped, and laved at the delicate skin of her neck and throat, not forgetting, of course, to pay special attention to her ears.
“Am I... out of... the penalty box?” Riley gasped as Denver suddenly eased up.
“For now,” he replied, looking deep into that hypnotic gaze of hers and forcing himself to hold on.
Riley put her hands on either side of his face and pulled him down to her, their lips meeting tentatively at first, his breath whispering over her mouth in a warm caress. She could feel the tremors in his body, the tension of his muscles as he bore down on her.
And it drove her mad with need, with want.
Pulling back every time she tried to take the kiss deeper, Denver forced Riley to let him control the pace. Sliding the tip of his tongue gently around her mouth, and slipping it between the soft fullness of her lips before sucking the lower half into the heat of his mouth and biting down ever so lightly.
Riley's hands slowly maneuvered away from his face and wound around the back of his head, her fingers lacing into his thick dark hair as he finally stopped teasing her and took the kiss in a more passionate direction. His tongue prodding and urging hers into battle.
They fought like warriors, jabbing and thrusting, trying to overtake the opposition by sheer force and will. But in the end, as they conceded to each catch their breath, it was Riley who made the next move. With expert skill, she quickly dispatched with the buttons of his shirt, pushing the silky material off his shoulders and admiring his masculine form.
“Holy abs Batman!” Riley sputtered, running her hands along his hard-packed abdomen.
Denver chuckled, flinching a little under her touch.
“Ooh, is someone ticklish?” she grinned, moving her exploration further south. When he reached for her hands as her fingers dipped between his waistband, Riley pushed him away and wagged a finger in his face, “Uh-uh, that's interference.”
“Oh no, you don't!” He growled pushing her back into the mattress as her hand clamped around him.
“Denver! That's unsportsmanlike conduct! Really! Take it like a man!”
“No way! That's holding!” Denver snapped back, groaning when she began to stroke him.
It was a painstakingly slow process, as he fought the urge to let her continue to examine his body, but Denver finally managed to pry Riley's hand out of his pants, and pinned both arms above her head with one hand, while he used the other to push her dress up above her navel.
“Two minutes.... roughing...” she moaned, when he slipped one finger between her satiny skin and the elastic band of her panties.
“I'll give you your two minutes,” Denver grunted while he admired the meticulously groomed cleft between her legs.
Grabbing the small scrap of lace that she called underwear, Denver all but ripped them as he slid them over her buttocks and down her legs while still managing to keep her arms locked above her head with the other hand. He took his time letting his free hand roam back up her shapely and velvety smooth legs. The woman had legs for miles it seemed, and they were damned fine legs indeed.
Riley quivered when his hand stopped high up on her thigh, just outside of the valley between them. Little earthquakes of pleasure erupted throughout her central nervous system. It was pure torture. The way he looked up at her with those big blue eyes from beneath those long dark lashes would have been more than enough to set her body aflame, but with his fingers perilously close to her core, yet so tantalizingly far away, she thought she just might die.
Denver could easily sense her frustration, he could feel her intensity, her desire, and need. With a low chuckle, he released her hands and lifted her bottom closer to his mouth.
Riley groaned and tensed as the heat of his breath tingled against her soft womanly mound.
Parting her feminine folds with ease, Denver took her full into his mouth, catching that sensitive little nub between his teeth, then thoroughly sucking on it between the jabs and rolls of his tongue.
Riley arched her back, writhing and wriggling underneath him as he continued this onslaught of her most intimate parts. At one point, when she felt like she'd burst if he didn't stop, Riley grasped at his shoulders to pull him up.
“Uh-uh,” he mocked between thrusts of his tongue. “No interfering with the goalkeeper while he's in the crease.”
Panting now, Riley flung her head back into the pillows and tried to hold herself together as he took up right where he'd left off, driving her completely insane.
Denver used his mouth and hands in ways that Riley didn't even know was possible, and every time she thought she might combust he'd pull back just enough to keep her from going over that ledge. Because he laughed each time she groaned, she knew he was enjoying this torture far too much.
Just wait until she got her hands on him, boy was she going to make him pay!*
As she reached that plateau again, fearing he might continue his tirade, she was surprised when he slipped a finger inside the heat of her body and forced her to face the fire. He pushed her, no, he threw her over the edge and made her climax with such intensity that her entire body was wracked with spasm after spasm of agonizing pleasure.
Denver had her dress up and over her head as well as the rest of his clothes off before Riley could even catch her breath. She still hadn't quite come back down to earth as he mounted her once more and tore open the wrapper of a condom, suiting up for battle.
Kissing her neck and shoulders as he rubbed the head of his shaft against her, Riley's head still fuzzy from the attack on her system, she had little time to regain her senses before he nearly had her worked into another frenzy.
But as Denver's soldier neared its destination, Riley rolled her pelvis and thwarted his advance.
“Whoa, whoa... watch where you stick that thing!” she squeaked.
With a laugh, Denver began to close the distance between them again. “Well you're the one who deliberately displaced the goal during a scoring opportunity!”
“Hey! You were about to make an illegal entry off a breakaway!”
“Fair enough,” Denver conceded, “I guess I had a little more to drink than I thought.”
“Ya think?”
Denver ended any more argument from her by capturing her lips with his in a passionate kiss while he guided his sword back to the opening of her sheath. It was a tight fit, but he forced his way in.
Riley moaned, her protest barely a decibel above a whisper as Denver all but swallowed the sound.
With slow, sure thrusts, she enveloped him, absorbing the thick length of his manhood into the core of her being. When Denver was sure he wouldn't cause her any more pain, he began to build the rhythm. He kept the tempo slow at first, luxuriating in the feel of her body wrapped around him.
She felt like warm silk, and she tasted like a fine brandy.
Riley arched into him, her fingers digging into his back, her nails scraping his flesh as he quickened his pace. She wanted more of him, all of him, she felt like she couldn't possibly get him deep enough inside her, though he filled her to the hilt.
She wanted to feel him in her soul.
As if he could read her mind, Denver's thrusts became deeper, faster, harder. He plunged into her body over and over, relishing the feel of her muscles as they clamped down on him, as her legs wrapped around his buttocks and pulled him into her.
Denver, continuing his rampage, brought her to the peak just as his own eruption was imminent. The velocity at which they came to the apex of their passions was astonishing. Though it had felt as if they had been joined for hours, it was mere minutes before Riley rode the next wave of ecstasy.
She crested over the summit and plummeted into a void of such exquisite satisfaction, and gratification that she nearly lost her mind.
And Denver wasn't far behind.
With a few more strong thrusts, he pitched over and buried himself inside of her.
Rolling over, Denver began the arduous task of catching his breath and slowing his heart rate. Riley gulped in air beside him.
“Wow... that was some goal.”
Denver burst out laughing, “yeah, I guess you could say I went five-hole.”
Giggling herself, Riley leaned on her elbow and looked down at him. “Well, there was a bit of a deflection.”
“Did you want to try again?” Denver asked after another minute or so.
“Hat trick?”
“Let's do it.”
About the Author


With a background in Criminal Justice, April Cronin never dreamt of becoming a writer, until a dream one night that haunted her until she began writing it down. Her first novel Contractual Attraction was spawned from that dream, and once those floodgates were opened, she soon found herself working on the next one. April currently lives in Florida with her husband and two young sons, where she is hard at work on her next novel! April loves to hear from fellow romance enthusiasts, and welcomes comments from readers!
Connect with me!


Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/amcronin87
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/april.cronin.33
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/acronin487
Follow my blog:http://amcronin87.blogspot.com/
Email me at: mailto:acronin487@gmail.com
