

The 
Shadow Watcher


Roari Benjamin 



Copyright 2014 Roari Benjamin
Smashwords Edition


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





This novel is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, etc. within are either the products of the author’s creative endeavors, or used in a fictional manner. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, places, businesses or events are coincidence. References to actual historical events may or may not portray an alternative version of such events, due to the nature of the plot, not to be confused with historical fact.

ISBN 13: 978-1310378225

Copyright © 2014 Roari Benjamin
All rights reserved.

roaribenjamin@gmail.com 





For you, my love – for making impossible dreams possible. 



CONTENTS

Chapter 1 - The Shadow with a Face
Chapter 2 - No-So Normal
Chapter 3 - An Unwelcome Encounter
Chapter 4 - Conflicted
Chapter 5 - The First Revelation
Chapter 6 - Girl Talk
Chapter 7 - A Bedtime Story
Chapter 8 - Wake-up Call
Chapter 9 - Hideaway
Chapter 10 - Shadows of the Past
Chapter 11 - Confessions
Chapter 12 - Breakfast at Marion’s
Chapter 13 - A Sulky Afternoon
Chapter 14 - Hopping
Chapter 15 - Reality
Chapter 16 - Strategy Session
Chapter 17 - Target Practice
Chapter 18 - The Worst Date Ever
Chapter 19 - Road Trip
Chapter 20 - Welcome to the Society
Chapter 21 - So Much for the Afterglow
Chapter 22 - Capability
Chapter 23 - Tipping Point
Chapter 24 - Reflections
Chapter 25 - Shadows in the Jungle
Chapter 26 - Return
Chapter 27 - Unanticipated
Chapter 28 - The Family Tree
Chapter 29 - Festive Preparations
Chapter 30 - The Feast
Chapter 31 - Dark Shadows Fall
Chapter 32 - Back to Life
About the Author












“Time is mischievous. It plays tricks on the mind. It changes perspectives. It creates illusions. It reveals truths. As memories fade with the passage of time, the mind can have difficulty sorting reality from illusion; it can become convinced illusions are real, and will deny truths that threaten its fragile nature. The truth is often not expected.”
~ Samantha C. Marquet
CHAPTER 1
09/19/2006
The Shadow with a Face


The overhead lights went off, then on, off again, and back on - the signal for closing time at the Old Town Bookstore. I looked up from the row of new releases I was perusing, and didn’t see anyone else in the store, so I called out to the owner, “Pretty sure I’m the only one left, Mr. Zhou.”
“I thought so, but had to check,” I heard him respond from somewhere toward the back of the store. “Would you lock the front door, since you are there?”
“You got it.” I turned the knobs that secured the glass store-front doors and then headed toward the sound of his voice.
Mr. Zhou appeared from between two aisles near the back door, “You be careful out there, going home, Miss Sam.” 
I smiled at the elderly man who, with his wife, purchased the store from Mr. Smith about a year earlier. They knew me by name before the first week was out. It was bound to happen, since I lived three blocks away and was already in the habit of stopping in every other day. “You too, sir.” 
He pointed up, and said, “I do not go far, just upstairs,” indicating the apartment above the store where he resided with Mrs. Zhou. 
“I know my way around these mean streets pretty well.” I winked, and he chuckled. He’d mentioned more than once his move to Novica had been partially based on the low crime rates. “I’ll be back in a couple of days, can’t get rid of me that easily.” 
“Wouldn’t want to. You are my best customer, after all, keep food on my table!” That got a chuckle from me. He pushed the door open, “Sweet dreams, dear child.”  
“You have the same, sir.” I plunged into the night, letting the heavy door slam shut behind me. I listened for him to lock up, shaking my head and thinking it was strange so many people still called me things like child or kiddo even though I was pushing thirty. Guess I’m blessed with good genes. 
After a step or two, I paused to light a cigarette. The mild breeze sweeping through the alley carried with it - among the dead leaves and miscellaneous debris - the innuendo of cooler weather characteristic of late September evenings. I took two or three steps more, and then jumped at the familiar screech of the bookstore’s door opening, again. 
Startled, I turned, and was relieved to see Mr. Zhou at the threshold. “I forgot to tell you, Miss Sam, the book you ordered will be here the day after tomorrow,” he informed me. 
“Thanks, Mr. Zhou.” I raised my hand in a little wave. “I’ll see you then.”  
I walked along the alley parallel to Citrus Avenue, until the block ended at Center Street. There was no traffic, as I expected after ten o’clock on a Tuesday, so I crossed quickly, slipping back into the alley on the other side. I walked about a third of the way down the second block when I felt a presence.
Given the balmy So Cal weather earlier in the evening, I’d left my jacket at home, and suddenly I felt naked, despite the long sleeved t-shirt I was wearing. Every hair on my body stood up straight, every alarm in my head sounded, and I knew I was being followed. 
Instinct told me to run, fast, but I didn't. I’d been followed before – always, it seemed, by the same presence. 
My earliest memories of being watched went back before my teenage years. At first, it was just an impression someone was outside my window. As I grew older, I would look up to see a shadow of movement under a tree, or next to a building, that couldn’t be blamed on the wind. 
At some point, a man in a trench coat began appearing at strange times. These sightings fluctuated in frequency of occurrence, until sometime around my twenty-seventh birthday, earlier this year. I felt the absence of the presence to which I’d grown accustomed, and, in a strange, subconscious way, I think I missed it. 
 So, for the first time, I decided to face whoever it was, instead of running from him. I stopped and spun around on my heel.  
There was nothing to be seen. I took the last drag of my smoke and crushed the butt out with my boot before continuing on my path. After only a few paces more I was sure I heard something, and I turned around again. The alley was still vacant except for me.  
“Show yourself,” I challenged. “I’m not in the mood for games.” Staring hard into the darkness, I searched the shadows for any sign of movement, and saw nothing. Then I turned to continue on my way home, and finally came face to face with the figment of my imagination. 
I almost fell, taking a step back from the man wearing a trench coat and sunglasses. The lenses were not dark enough to obscure my view of his eyes, and I felt as if in an instant he had peered into my soul and captured everything - understanding my mind intimately, more so than a lover yet without the needs one brings with him. 
There was no denying he knew me, better perhaps than I know myself. As I returned his gaze, I thought there was a hint of mischievousness in his expression, or perhaps it was malevolence. So disoriented was I, by his penetration of my existence, I could not determine which. 
We’d never met face to face before that night, of that I was certain, though I felt as though I’d known his presence for an eternity. There were glimpses and shadows all around me for as long as I could remember, and in that moment I knew it was him following me all that time. 
“Who are you?” Scared to ask, I did only because I had to know the answer. 
“Don't you know” He smiled slowly, knowingly toying with me. 
I tried to step around him. “Look, it's late, and it's cold ....” 
He moved to block my path. “You should be home, warm and asleep in bed.” 
“Then if you'll excuse ...” I stopped mid-sentence as a scalpel blade of icy wind sliced through my body. 
“Why should excuses need to be made? We are beyond that now, don't you agree?”
I couldn’t find an answer, so transfixed was I by his voice, which soothed my racing mind. How many times have I seen him, from the corner of my eye? Always wearing sunglasses, even at night. Always wearing a trench coat, even in the summer sun. Why now, on this night, in this place, is he confronting me? 
All I could do was blink. He chuckled softly, and said, “It doesn't matter.”
Did he just read my mind? Confused, immobilized and having no idea what to say, I stood there despite knowing that it was probably not the best idea. “What do you want from me?” 
One corner of his mouth turned up in response. 
I told my feet to run, but they had taken root in the pavement, so I asked, "How long have you been following me?" 
“I have been with you always,” he answered without hesitation. 
I tried to scream, but when I opened my mouth no sound emerged. 
“Are you really afraid?” 
I knew I should be, yet when he asked the question aloud, I realized I was not. Something stirred deep in my subconscious and began bubbling to the surface. As I continued to look into his eyes I could see plainly that he knew me, and for the first time in my life I felt understood. 
Despite this small comfort, or because of it, I found I could not turn my eyes away from his behind the dark lenses, so I squeezed them tightly shut. I could feel his breath on my ear as he leaned in to whisper, “I am not one you will ever have to fear.” 
Counting to ten silently before opening my eyes again I found he was gone, he had evaporated into the night. 
Running the last block home, I took the stairs up to my tiny studio two at a time, which isn’t easy with my short legs. Once inside I turned the deadbolt, which was rare. Most people in the neighborhood don’t even lock their doors. I’d never let out such a deep sigh of relief before. 

***

As I scrubbed the day from my face in the bathroom, I pondered over my encounter with the man in the trench coat and our bizarre conversation. Could it have been the same man following me all of these years? I was certain it was him, the man in the dark glasses and trench coat, following me all along.  
Looking up at the mirror, I had to blink through the image of him that floated in front of me, before I could find my own reflection in the glass. His words, “I am not one you will ever have to fear,” echoed in my mind. I realized warmth replaced the chill in my bones when he’d said it, and I was certain, beyond any doubt, that he was my shadow.  
Shuffling over to my kitchenette, I grabbed a can of Pepsi from the fridge and popped the tab while closing the door with my foot.  I gulped half of it down; it made everything better. 
Leaning against the counter, I unzipped my boots and kicked them off, leaving them there to be put back on in the morning. My socks were thin, and I loved the feel of the cool wood floor beneath my feet as I rolled them heel to toe across the room to my couch, which also served as my bed. The space had once been a dance studio, where I took lessons as a child. While the floors and high ceilings remained, the rest was newly remodeled before I moved in four years ago. 
Pushing my blankets aside, I found the television remote before I sat down. I already had the third season of Alias in the DVD player, and by the end of the particular episode I was on, tears were sliding down my cheek. When Syd realized what happened while she had been brainwashed and hidden away, my heart broke for her. In a way, I empathized.
It was nothing nearly as dramatic - I wasn’t forcibly taken and held - but when I embarked on my first attempt at writing a novel, I became so engulfed, as far as Jeff was concerned I may as well have been in another country. It didn’t matter that I’d put it off until after writing most of his papers through college, or that I’d put all of my extra time and energy into planning our wedding. In the end, in his mind, it didn’t leave enough room for him. 
In my mind, it was better to find out he didn’t support my dreams then, than what would now be over four years into a marriage. I laughed. Almost five years had passed since he’d broken our engagement - he’d met someone who was “more in tune” with his needs. Whatever. I’d moved on. 
After Jeff and I broke up, I needed some time on my own, to find me again. I’d only been on a handful of first dates, until Bailey came into the Keg for a beer one night, back in January. Since then, between dinner and movie dates, we’d gone on four weekend hiking trips, hang gliding over the Pacific and sky diving in the desert. We had plans to go scuba diving in Hawaii the last week of October.
Maybe his interest in filmmaking helped, but right away I found him to be charming, funny, kind, and intelligent. There were sparks instantly; it seemed we were the perfect match. Yet, I still found myself moping about Jeff again. My biggest problem with the whole thing was that he was engaged to Rita within two months and they were married another three months later. Was I that big of a mistake? 
Ultimately, the men in my life could not keep the dark stranger from slinking back into my thoughts. The more I tried not to think about him, the more he was there. The more I thought about him, the more I felt certain he was watching me, right then, at that very moment. Who is he? And why does he follow me everywhere? Finally being able to put a face to the stalker, who followed me all of those years, only left me with more questions than ever before. 
Halfway through the second episode, I decided the TV wasn’t providing the distraction I needed. I turned it off, and pulled out my laptop. My email was nothing but junk. There was one review on the site where I’d posted some work, another broken heart found solace in one of my old poems. I smiled. 
I closed my browser, and opened the file for the novel I was working on. An heiress to a business empire is stalked by the men who murdered her father for control of his company. A publisher was biting at this one from the sound of it, so I had to finish revisions for my agent by Monday. 
The man in the black trench coat would not leave my thoughts. He haunted me, making it impossible to focus on work. Why does he watch me? In the end I went and plugged my laptop back in at my desk to charge, and sat down with my dog-eared copy of Edgar Allan Poe’s Complete Short Stories. Maybe it wasn’t the best choice, given the events of the evening, but he is one of my surefire escapes from the real world, and that’s what I was looking for.

I drifted off to sleep with the book falling on my chest, and was awakened sometime around 3:00 a.m. when it fell to the floor. A shadow out on my tiny balcony started my heart racing, but then I heard Artemis meowing. She was annoyed I hadn’t left the window open for her. As soon as I slid the door open wide enough, she streaked in and began circling my leg, purring. “Did you have fun hunting?” I cooed, reaching down to scratch her chin.  
She trotted to her food dish while I got a glass of water. I realized I dreamt of the man in the trench coat standing over me, watching me in my sleep - but he wasn’t there when I woke up.  The more I thought about it, the more instances of sensing his presence I could recall. Then, I almost dropped my glass when I remembered waking in the night a week before, and feeling that same presence in my home. 
Why did this strange man appear in my life tonight, and why has he never confronted me before? These questions were just the first few grains of sand that began to slip through an hourglass in my mind. My heart started pounding, and I had an eerie sensation time was running out. Time for what, I didn’t know, but clearly this stranger knew something I didn’t, and wasn’t ready to tell me. 
In an effort to calm myself, I turned on the faucet to wash my glass. The sound of the running water and the feel of it streaming over my hands were therapeutic, and my adrenaline levels subsided. I put the glass on the drying rack and lay back down on the couch. Artemis curled up next to my face, and within seconds, we were both asleep. 

***

I was walking down a corridor, lit by torches hung on walls carved from stone. Never had I seen this place in my waking life, but it was familiar to me in my dream. 
Dead ahead was an archway, and beyond a small chamber, where I saw a shadow of movement pass across the floor. That was what I was following, the elusive shadow, but the corridor stretched further, putting the archway farther away with each step. I started running, needing to catch the shadow in time, but the tunnel only grew longer, and the opening at the end was farther and farther away. 
Finally, I became tired and just stopped running. The arch snapped back, like a slinky retracting, and all I needed to do was take one step through to the room beyond the archway. 
The circular chamber was an intersection, with three other arches, each leading to another path. Which way did the shadow go? I didn’t know, so I picked the archway straight ahead.
There was a small landing, on a winding spiral stairwell. To the right, the stairs went up, to the left they went down, I could only see far enough to count seven loops each way. One step too far straight forward and I would plummet into a pit of darkness, with no end in sight.

CHAPTER 2
09/20/2006
Not-So Normal


Either the light coming in from the balcony door, or Artemis scratching around in the litter box, woke me not long after dawn. I was glad either way, ready to be done with all of the running in my dream. I always felt exhausted after that one; it recurred at least once a month for as long as I can remember, but usually it stopped with the running. I’d never made it through the archway before.
I got up and went to rummage around in the bathroom. Since it was so early, I took my time as I went through the mundane routines of brushing my teeth and taking a shower. I let the conditioner sit in my hair for an extra five minutes or so, and let the hot water pelt into my back, before reducing it to lukewarm and rinsing. 
Bailey and I had a breakfast date, so I put on a low cut sweater and the princess cut diamond earrings he gave me for our six month anniversary. I brushed on some mascara, put my hair in a twist with a clippy thing and decided I was good to go. 
It was still too early to meet Bailey, so I popped a can of Pepsi, relishing in my first gulp of the day. It’s not healthy, but I can’t help it - screw the dental bills. I took another swig as I walked over to my desk and started up the computer, then opened my working email to see if I had any assignments yet for the day. Several of my clients - webmasters needing writers to fill their sites with content - recently placed rather large orders, which I fulfilled gratefully and in a timely manner. From the looks of my email, I would have a slow week ahead, as I anticipated.
Kneeling down to give Artemis a good scratch down the back once more, I whispered, “I’ll see you a little later, Puss.” She purred, and rubbed her head on my knee, then trotted off. I headed out, locking the door behind me.  

***

When I turned the corner to get to the bakery, I was so lost in thought, I walked right into Bailey. He laughed and threw his arms around my waist to steady my balance. “Morning, Babe,” he greeted me, and then kissed me deeply, temporarily pushing the dark stranger from my thoughts. 
“Wow, uh, good morning.” I managed to sputter out, after I’d reclaimed my tongue. “It is now at least,” I smiled up at him. 
It would be physically impossible for me to tire of looking at this man; tall, clear blue eyes, thick dark blonde hair, and a smile that could light up silver screens around the world as far as I was concerned. He was mine, and I liked it that way. 
“You seem especially happy this morning,” I observed as we made our way to a booth. “What’s up?” 
The corners of his lips twitched, barely able to contain their secret. “You know that project I pitched to Discovery last month?”
“You mean the one about the South American tribal legends?” 
He nodded in response, and his grin told the story.
“Ohmygodtheydid?!” I blurted in one word. 
“Yes, ohmygodtheydid!” He laughed, reaching across the table to run his finger down my nose. “Head writer and producer credit, I may even do the narration.” 
“Oh, Bailey, I’m so excited for you!” Then I remembered it meant he would be leaving for Central America, for an extended period of time. “How long will you have to be gone?”
“At least two months, maybe as long as six,” he said softly. 
I looked down at the menu, and muttered, “That’s a long time to be away.”
He reached across the table again, this time lifting my chin with the same finger. He surprised me by asking, “Come with me?” 
The room began to spin, and my “fight or flight” instinct kicked in. “Bailey, I…” I could not form a coherent thought.
He put his finger to my lips. “No. Don’t say anything yet.” He must have seen the panic in my eyes. “We won’t be leaving until January or February. You’d have time to wrap things up here. Your mom says your passport is still current, and that Artemis can stay with her while we’re gone. I can cover the lease on your place until we get back.” Then he flashed a weird little smile. “Or you could let it go, and just move in with me when we get back.” 
Whoa, this is too much for me before breakfast. “Bailey, I, uh, wow, um…” 
He put a finger to my lips. “Don’t say anything now, just think. We’ll talk about it in a few days, okay?” 
“Okay.” No, not okay. His documentary would take him to South America for as long as six months, and I was not ready to pick up my life and go with him. I wasn’t ready for moving in together either, and didn’t foresee myself being ready to do so when he returned. But that was best saved for a private discussion.
We ordered breakfast and ate, discussing some of the details of his project. I felt no need to mention my strange encounter the night before, Bailey never knew anything about my previous stalking experiences. I guess I felt if he knew, he might think I was crazy like everyone else said I was. 
As we finished, we made plans to meet at The Keg and walk back to his place together when my shift ended.

***

I took my laptop to the park, and spent the rest of the morning working from a picnic table. Moving my office outside at my leisure was my favorite perk to the job, and the people-watching opportunities it afforded were priceless for character development. Working independently can get lonely though, which is why I kept up a shift or two a week at The Keg, to have some contact with other human beings.  
While most normal, sane women would swoon at Bailey’s invitation, I was taken aback. Do I seem like the type of woman looking for a man to take care of her? I generally considered myself independent, and we’d never discussed co-habitation, so why Bailey would think I wanted to pack up my life and move in with him, was beyond me. 
After five years I could never have back orbited around Jeff so completely, I was still in no hurry to make another man the center of my world again. No matter how incredibly hot he was.
The tree I was staring at was dangerously close to catching fire from the intensity of my gaze, and rather than burn the park down, I turned my eyes back to the screen before me to write. It was hard to focus on the assignment, given that it was another mundane batch of one hundred and fifty word descriptions of dog beds. Only four of the twenty pieces remained, and I was determined to push through them before my shift.
As I typed, a faint prickling beneath my skin began, spreading from my wrists and up my arms. When the hairs on the back of my neck stood up, I knew again I was being watched. It was the man in the trench coat; I could feel it.
I tried to look around nonchalantly, and thought I caught a glimpse of dark fabric swirl around a tree not far off. I thought my imagination might be playing tricks on me, but he told me he was “with me always,” and something about him made my gut say he was telling the truth.
Not really knowing what to do, I turned my eyes back to my laptop and kept on writing. I figured if he was going to show himself to me again, he would when he was good and ready. Then it occurred to me that maybe I should be ready, just in case. So far he had not done anything to suggest nefarious intentions, though the whole stalking thing is usually not a good sign. I made a mental note to see if my can of pepper spray was still in the junk drawer, and brush up on some self-defense techniques at the very least.
Little, nagging questions buzzed around in my mind while I tried to continue working. Who is he? Why is he following me? Why does he seem so familiar? How does he know me? The questions kept coming, but no answers followed.

***

I got a text from Bailey around 7:30 that read, “Sry Babe, just leaving office, exhausted. My place? Use UR key and wake me ;)”
“thinking about it,” I typed in response. I was seriously considering not going, since he was blowing me off again. It seemed like we spent no time out in public anymore.
Wednesday night’s crowd was pretty light most weeks, and this one was no exception. Raeanne, the owner, occupied her usual stool at the end of the bar all night, greeting each of the handful of patrons as they wandered in and out, and by ten-forty there were only two regulars left, Mitch and Joe, along with Raeanne’s boyfriend, Plumber Pete. He ran a tire shop by trade; I don’t want to know why she gave him that pet name.
“Sammy girl.” I cringed as she got up to come around the bar. I hated when she called me that. “Why don’t you take the rest of the night off and go see your beau? I can close up after these louses,” she winked as she jerked her thumb toward the three men.
“Who you calling a louse?” Mitch jeered back at her playfully.
“Ah,” Raeanne just waved her hand back at him. “Really, go on,” she grabbed a rag from the sanitizer bucket, and started wiping down the bar. “Get outta here.”
“If you say so boss.” She didn’t have to tell me twice. I waved to the men, “See you gentlemen later.” 

Off I was again, fearlessly trekking the back streets of Novica.  Bailey’s place was two blocks off the other side of Citrus from mine, but I had to stop by my place to feed Artemis on the way. 
As I crossed First Street, I caught a glimpse of a man in a trench coat wearing sunglasses as he disappeared in the opposite direction on the other side of the building. Chills went up my spine, and I picked up my already brisk pace. 
At home, I made a quick chore of filling my cat’s food and water dishes, and scooping her litter box. Then I gave her a good belly rub, and kissed her on the head before locking her in for the night.
Across Citrus, I took the shortcut through the alley behind Comics & Collectibles, and as I moved deeper into the shadows, my radar went off again. I stopped and called out, “I know you’re there.” I heard some rustling behind me and looked back down the way I had come. An orange tom cat jumped out of an open dumpster, hissed at me and took off for the street.
This time I was expecting him when I turned around. 
“What do you want from me?” I demanded.
"What do you want for yourself?" He wasn’t giving anything away. 
"To reach my destination," as I said it, I knew it was a lie. I would much rather be at home. 
"You know as well as I do there is nothing for you there." 
There was nothing malevolent about him, I decided. “How do you know so much about me when I know nothing about you?”
He shrugged, and started walking past me toward the street. “It’s my job to know everything about you.”
I started after him, shouting, “Wait! Who are you?” I reached the corner two Mississippi’s after he did, but when I looked, he’d vanished. 


CHAPTER 3
09/21/2006
An Unwelcome Encounter


I never mentioned the strange encounter to Bailey; in the morning I left after he made me breakfast without breathing one word.  
A typical Thursday morning and afternoon went by uneventfully; I spent a few hours working on orders for clients and did a little house cleaning. In the evening I ran a few errands, and then went by the bookstore to pick up my book as promised. As usual, Mr. Zhou had to kick me out at closing time. 
About halfway home, I knelt down to tie my shoe, and glimpsed a shadow of movement behind me, out of the corner of my eye. Straightening as I turned, I saw a figure moving confidently down the alley toward me. At first I thought it was the man in the trench coat, but then a flashlight flicked on, aimed for my eyes, blinding me. 
“Police,” he identified himself. “What are you doing back here at this hour?” 
I let out an inaudible sigh of relief. “I’m just on my way home officer.” As an afterthought I asked, “May I see your badge please?” I smiled sweetly. 
Bad idea. 
He clicked off the flashlight and stepped forward, reaching into his coat for what I assumed was his badge, but instead he withdrew a gun, which he pointed in my face. “Make one sound, bitch, and I’ll blow your head off.” 
I swallowed and nodded. Oh shit! 
“Turn around, and keep walking,” he commanded, and I obeyed. I felt the barrel of the gun press up against my back. “I’m gonna follow you the rest of the way home, and then you’re gonna show me a real good time.” I could hear his grotesque lust oozing from his laughter. He jabbed the gun hard into my back, “Come on, move faster. I don’t like to be kept waiting.”
I obeyed; there wasn’t much choice just then. There was still another block and a half to think. I kept walking. 
He moved up next to me, and put his left arm around my shoulders, holding the gun at my side. “Don’t think for a minute you’ve got any way out. Try anything, and I’ll blow off your head and run.” He mumbled something incoherent to himself, then said, “Doesn’t really matter to me if they get what they want, I just took the job ‘cause they said I can have some fun in the process.” 
The guy was clearly unstable, which made me wonder if he might not just pull the trigger whether I did what he said or not, or even just accidentally. “Show me what a good girl you are when we get home, then I promise you’ll make it to see Christmas,” he hissed. 
Okay, I know I haven’t been to church in a while, but please Lord, if you can hear me.… 
As we approached the next dumpster, a dark streak darted out from behind it, crashing into the gunman and freeing me from his grasp. I started running for the corner, but stopped when I heard a thud of bodies hitting the ground. I turned to see the man in the trench coat had tackled the gunman to the ground, and was strangling him. 
What the hell do I do? I started to fish my cell phone out of my purse. 
“Wait,” he said. “There’s no need now.” He took something from the man’s pants pocket, put it back, then stood and picked up the man like a rag doll. “Now I know where to find him, if the police don’t.” He hurled his burden into the nearest dumpster, along with the rest of the trash. “Call them once you get home, but leave me out of it.” 
“What do I tell them? They won’t believe I fought him off.” 
He shrugged, and gave me a smirk, “I’m sure you can come up with something that will be convincing enough.” 
I raised my right eyebrow, “And the cops are just going to believe that I overpowered a man with a gun?”
“Hmm,” he smiled, holding back laughter. “I have every confidence that if anyone can sell it, you can, Sam.”
I was still doubtful. “I thought you were going to kill him.” 
“I might have … but it’s less complicated this way. Death is always complicated,” he mused eerily, gazing up at the sky above. “Once a life has been taken, it can’t be given back.” 
I felt uneasy, but lingered because I knew there were things he wasn’t telling me, things that I needed to know. I cleared my throat, and said, “I suppose that’s true.” 
He turned to stare at me. It was awkward for a moment, then he laughed, and said, “I knew you were naïve, but I never …” He laughed harder. 
“Who are you?” I asked him for the third time. 
He smiled again, and then everything went black as I went crashing to the ground in a faint. Even in my unconscious state, I felt him scoop me up into his arms. He started walking, and he mumbled, “Sometimes I wonder if you aren’t more trouble than you’re worth, always making things harder than they need to be.”

***

The clock on my DVD player read 12:28 a.m. when I awoke and found myself on my couch. My shoes were off, I was covered with a blanket, and I was alone except for Artemis, who was curled up on top of my head. I saw my cell phone on the coffee table next to me, and when I picked it up I saw the police department phone number already punched in, all I had to do was press send. 
“Novica Police Department, how may I direct your call?” She sounded far too pleasant to be working at this hour. 
My head hurt, probably from hitting the pavement, “I need to report a crime, uh, I guess.” 
There was a gasp at the other end of the line, “Is it in progress?”
“No, not anymore,” I assured her.
“Are you in danger?” 
“Not at the moment, no,” I was fairly confident in that statement.
“What’s your name, Hon?” 
“Samantha Marquet.” 
“And your phone number in case we get disconnected?” I recited my home and cell phone numbers. “And address?”  
“I’m in the studios next to the theatre; one Citrus.” 
“Okay, got it. Now what is the nature of the crime?” 
“Impersonating a police officer, attempted kidnapping or maybe some combination of that and some other things? I’m not sure how you would classify it, exactly,” I stopped myself when I realized I was babbling.
“Don’t worry, Hon, we’ll let the detectives figure that out, they’ll have to come and get a description.”
“Well I can give it, but you’ll find him in the dumpster in the alley a block south of the bookstore.” 
There was a pause. “Excuse me?” 
“I left him in the dumpster, knocked him over the head.” I stopped, because I remembered that I needed to come up with how I got him in there. “I’m sorry, but can I finish this when the detectives arrive? I’m feeling a bit woozy.” 
“Sure thing, Hon, I’ll get a couple of officers out there right away. But first, I’m going to send someone out to this dumpster.” 
Pacing around for another ten minutes, I tried to come up with a story they would believe before the knock came at my door. When I opened it, my jitters subsided slightly at the sight of Detective Ramirez, an old friend, standing on the other side. I didn’t know his partner. 
“Tim, it’s been too long!” We were part of the same circle of kids that went from elementary through high school together, but drifted apart after that last summer, before we all went off to college or work. Tim was one of the few I made a point of staying in contact with, but aside from bumping into him around town, we didn’t see each other much anymore. 
“Geez, Sam, if you wanted to get together, we could’ve gone out for coffee. You look like hell.” He put his arms around me and gave me a big squeeze. “You okay?” 
“I'm a little sick to my stomach but otherwise fine.” They both looked skeptical. “No really, he didn’t even touch me.”  
“I heard your name when the call came in, and insisted on taking it. What the hell happened?” 
“Why don’t you come in and have a seat?” I was terrified that they would see right through me. I hoped they would write it off as a victim being shaken after getting out of a bad situation. “Can I get you something to drink Tim, Officer-?” 
“Marks, mam, my apologies,” he was very rigid and formal. I could tell he took his job seriously. 
“None needed. I’ve got soda, water, lemonade,” I offered again. 
“Nothing for me thanks, Sam. Anything for you, Chris?” Officer Marks shook his head. They both sat, and Tim asked, “Why don’t you go ahead and tell us what happened?”
I took a deep breath, before I began. “I was walking home from the bookstore and heard something behind me. He shined his flashlight in my eyes and identified himself as police. When I asked to see his badge he pulled out a gun and said he was going to follow me home and, well…” At least that part was true. 
Tim was visibly angry. If I was a cop, I think it would be harder for me to deal with crimes against people I know. Officer Marks was more dubious when he asked, “So how did you get him in the dumpster?” 
“It all went by in such a flash, I don’t know exactly how it all happened, but I pretended to trip, and when he got closer, I punched him in the nuts. He reached down reflexively, and I twisted the gun out of his hand, cocked it and told him to get in the dumpster. Then I hit him over the head. I ... I’m sorry ... I don’t know what I did with the gun. I ran out of there, and fainted as soon as I came in the door. I came to on the floor, and called the police right away.” I recited the story, hoping it would be good enough. 
Tim seemed to accept my version of events. “It sounds like you were pretty lucky.” His phone rang, and he said, “Excuse me,” before answering it. “Hello?” There was a pause as he listened. “Good. We’ll be back in ten minutes. Thanks,” he hung up. “They’ve got him, and are taking him in right now. You may need to testify in court.” 
“Not a problem.” 
Officer Marks rose to leave, “Since he didn’t actually touch you, there isn’t any physical evidence we need to collect. We have nothing more to do for now.” 
“Thank you for coming out.” I managed a weak smile, and shook his hand at the door. 
Tim paused at the door, letting Marks go down the stairs ahead of him. “I wish I could say it's been a pleasure,” he hugged me again. “I’m just glad you’re okay.” 
“That makes two of us.” 
“Maybe we should let up on the walking in the alleys at night? I know you think you’re invincible and all but … does Bailey know about this yet?” 
“No.” 
“You should call him; have him come over.” 
“Why? You’ve got the guy, and I’m fine. I can tell him in the morning.” 
“He’ll be pissed.” 
“He’ll get over it.” 

***

Somehow, I managed to fall back asleep, and I dreamt of a story my father told me when I was very young, when he thought I was asleep. I didn’t remember the words, or story, exactly, but there was a princess, and a beautiful tree destined to save their kingdom one day. Both were in need of protection from dark forces threatening to destroy them. 
The dream was dark, and confusing, but one line from the story stuck in my mind when I returned to the realm of the waking, “He lingered in the shadows, watching her always, ready to take arms if the need arose. Her Shadow Watcher would protect her at all costs.”


CHAPTER 4
9/22/2006
Conflicted


Bailey rushed right over and nearly beat down my door when I called in the morning and told him what happened. I don’t know why I kept quiet about the man in the trench coat again, as I had with the police. Maybe I thought no one would believe me. I wouldn’t have believed me. 
He nearly cracked my ribs with his arms, holding me to him. “You should have called me last night,” he growled into my hair. 
“I know,” I said hoarsely, as my breath had been squeezed out. 
He pulled back, holding me at arm’s length, and then crushed me again, “You should not have been in that alley.” 
I pulled back this time, “I have lived in this town my entire life, and I’ve walked down that alley hundreds, if not thousands of times. I-”
He silenced me with his lips on mine. “I’m glad you’re okay.” 
“I am, really. That’s why I didn’t call you; it wasn’t that big a deal.” 
“I would have been here last night. I should’ve been here with you.” He held me close, tucking my head under his chin. “Sam, I really want you to move in with me - today.” 
Suddenly I felt very claustrophobic. I enjoyed the peace and freedom of living alone; my “creative process” flows more readily in those conditions. The thought of sharing my living space with anyone besides Artemis was too much on top of what happened the night before. 
“Bailey, really, I’m fine.” I gently released myself from his arms and moved to sit on the couch. “I promise no more walking in alleys; I’ll be a good girl.” 
A cloud of disappointment passed over his face, followed by one of anger. “If you don’t want to move in with me you can just say so, Sam. I’ll get over it, don’t worry.” He paced back and forth a little. I had never seen him that upset before. “Yesterday I ask you to move in with me, and then what happened last night? You cringe as though it’s some kind of punishment! It’s not a trap; I want to be with you, to keep you safe.” 
“I don’t see how me living with you would’ve made any difference in a situation like last night.” 
“If he did follow you all the way home, I would be there.”
He was trying to rationalize, but he was only annoying me. “And what would you have done with the gun pointed at you, tough guy?” 
“You shouldn’t be out walking that late at night,” he condemned. 
And that tipped the scale the wrong way. “You are not my Father,” I shoved myself away from him and got up from the couch. “I am a grown woman; I live in a free country and will do as I damn well please.” I stomped across the room and threw the door open, “No one speaks to me like that in my house. Get out!” 
He rose from the couch but he made no move to leave. “Samantha,” his tone was much more subdued suddenly. “Baby, please. I only want what’s best for you.” He approached me slowly, taking my hand in his. I let him. “I’m just worried about you.” 
I sighed, he was giving me the puppy-dog eyes, batting those way-too-long-for-a-boy eyelashes at me, and I melted. “I know, and I’m sorry I didn’t call you last night.” I burst into tears, finally releasing the fear and anxiety I’d repressed from the night before.
He closed the door again, and led me over to the couch. I sat on his lap and cried into his neck for at least a half hour. When I was done, I felt like an idiot, because nothing actually happened to me. My mysterious protector had seen to that, but I couldn’t mention that tidbit to Bailey without setting him off again. 
After a few more minutes of sniffling, I looked at the clock. It was 9:48 a.m. “Don’t you have to be in LA somewhere to sign paperwork?” I slid over onto the couch. 
“No, I put that off until tomorrow. I was thinking we should go get some breakfast.” 
“Okay,” I got up from his lap, but he caught my hand and pulled me back down next to him.
“One more thing, and I promise I’ll let up on the moving in together talk for awhile if you promise not to be too upset.” He brushed a loose strand of my hair behind my ear.
“Upset about what?” I was confused.
“We’re going to have to cancel our Hawaii trip. There are three big meetings that week, and there’s just too much to get done.”
I had actually forgotten about it, but I pouted anyway so he would think I was disappointed. “I understand, this is a once in a lifetime chance. We can always go to Hawaii after you’re home,” I raised my eyebrow suggestively, “to celebrate.”
He smiled and ran his finger down my nose. “Thank you for being understanding.”
We walked to the door, “Bailey?” 
He turned toward me, and said, “Hmmm?” I kissed him and he smiled, and said, “I love you, Sam.” 

***

Bailey feigned disbelief at my insistence the guy hadn't touched me, and decided after breakfast he would thoroughly examine me himself. We left the bakery, and went over to his place. Over the next couple of hours he made sure not one inch of my body went unchecked, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. 
When Bailey was done playing doctor, he hit the shower and I went out on the balcony for a smoke, wearing his t-shirt. I was thinking about moving in, honestly I was, but I just couldn’t see myself living in his apartment - or anywhere - with him, and I wasn't sure how to break the news. 
"You can be a tough woman to track down," Tim's voice carried up from the sidewalk below. 
I grinned at him over the railing, "Couldn't be too tough, it’s been less than twelve hours since I saw you last. Come on up, I’ll let you in." 
Bailey was walking into the living room, still shirtless and toweling his hair. I waved him back to the bedroom, "Tim tracked me down, and he’s coming up right now." 
“And we’re meeting him in the bedroom?” 
I hopped into my jeans, “No, you’re putting a shirt on.” I crossed the apartment back to the door, and opened it for Tim just as he was about to knock. “Come on in.” 
“Sorry to bother you Sam, just a couple of follow up questions.” 
“Sure thing.” 
“The guy that attacked you, name is Raymond Morrison. Does that mean anything to you?” 
It was the first time I’d heard the name. “No, can’t say that it does.” 
He nodded, expecting that response. “We checked out his place, seems he’s been following you for awhile.” 
“How long is awhile?” Bailey asked.
“We don’t know exactly, looks like at least a couple of months, maybe longer. He has photo and video surveillance, notes tracking your every movement.”
“That’s weird.” I was stunned, and more than a little freaked out. “That’s really weird. Why would he be following me?” 
“We don’t know. He was on something when we took him in, we haven’t figured out what yet. The tests have all come up negative for the usual suspects. Probably one of those new designer drugs that isn’t officially illegal yet.” 
“Wow.” I couldn’t think of anything else to say. My Shadow – I began to think of him this way – saved me from more than just some random psycho. “Tim this is giving me the creeps.” 
“I don’t blame you Sam. But I’m not entirely surprised either; guys followed you around like puppies back in school.” He produced a picture from his inside coat pocket, “You don’t recognize him from anywhere? Maybe he came into the bar when you were working?” 
I shook my head, “No, I’ve never seen him before. I mean, I sort of saw him last night, but it was dark. I wouldn’t recognize him either way.” 
“One thing Morrison did say that didn’t add up was that it was a man who tackled him and dumped him.” 
I just stared blankly at him and shrugged my shoulders. “I don’t know what to tell you Tim, there wasn’t anyone else there.” 
Tim seemed convinced easily enough, which was a little disconcerting, “Well, he was definitely high, or maybe he just didn’t want to admit to being bested by a woman.” 
“Perhaps,” I went along with that. 
“Well, that’s all I have for now. We’re still going to need you down at the station to give a formal statement, but that can wait until tomorrow.” 


CHAPTER 5
09/23/2006
The First Revelation


Saturday morning Bailey drove me home before he headed out to LA, and insisted on coming inside to check everything out before leaving me. 
“I’ll call you later when I get back.” He leaned in to peck me on the cheek, “I love you.” He lingered in the doorway a moment before turning to leave.
I locked the door behind him, and I pondered why I still hadn’t said it back until I realized that my cell phone was blinking with a message. The missed call log indicated it was the police station, and upon checking the message I learned they wanted me to come back down to the station to sign a formal statement. So I scrapped my plans for writing that morning, got ready and headed out.

***

At the station, the desk sergeant showed me to an interview room, which was nothing more than a ten foot by six foot space with one way mirrors along two walls. “Ramirez and Marks will be in with you shortly,” was all he said before he shut the door.
After five minutes of sitting there, I began to feel like an inmate, and got up to pace around the room. I bumped into Tim as he came in the door. “I’m so sorry,” I blurted as Marks followed him into the room, “I was lost somewhere in thought.”
Smiling, he said, “It’s all right. Sorry we kept you waiting so long.”
“No, no. Please, what can I do for you?”
Tim continued, “It’s all pretty cut and dry, really. He is pleading guilty to impersonating a police officer and kidnapping. This will be his third strike in fact; he’s going away without a fight.”
“We just need to take down your official statement about what happened, and clarify some discrepancies.” Officer Marks chimed in.
“What discrepancies?” Uh-oh. 
“Look, Ms. Marquet, we understand if you didn’t want to say anything to Tim in front of your boyfriend, but….”
Tim continued, “Morrison insists there was a man who rushed him, nearly strangled him and cracked him over the head with his own pistol.”
Deny, deny, deny my gut said, so I shook my head and gave them my best wide eyed innocent look. “I have no idea what he’s talking about.”
Marks wasn’t giving up that easy. “Ms. Marquet, Morrison has sustained injuries that corroborate his version of the story. Are you going to tell me you knocked him down and strangled him? Then hit him so hard his skull nearly cracked?”
He probably cracked his head hitting the pavement, and my Shadow Watcher was definitely the one who strangled him. “No, it happened as I told you. Maybe he got into a fight with someone else earlier? You said he was strung out of his mind.”
The officers exchanged looks, and Marks sighed. “That is plausible. The problem is Morrison wants to sue the guy.”
I laughed, “He wants to sue the imaginary bad guy who stopped him from attacking me?” They were both trying not to laugh. “I really don’t see how I can be of any help with that; as I’ve said, no one else was there.”
Tim turned to his partner, “This is coked out crazy vs. upstanding citizen, Marks. Let’s have her sign the statement and let her move on with her day.” 
“Will I have to testify in court?”
Marks answered, “Not if he sticks with his guilty plea. I suspect he will with or without this mystery hero he wants to sue.”
“I don’t see what good suing anyone would do him anyway, if he’s going away for life?”
Tim shook his head, “He said it was ‘the principle of the matter.’” He was furious with the whole thing, I could tell. “The nerve some of these scumbags have.”
Marks excused himself to attend to other reports, and Tim stayed with me while I wrote out my official statement. Then he walked me back out to the reception area. “I’ll call you if there’s anything else we need, Sam.”
“Thank you Tim,” I smiled. 
“Want me to have an officer drop you off at home?”
“No thanks, you already got the bad guy.” I winked and headed out the door.

***

The bright sunny morning gave no hint of trouble lurking, which is why I decided to walk to the Police Station when I left. It was safe enough to walk those four blocks at any time of day or night in Novica. Nothing happens here, ever. Well, except for that unfortunate incident with Raymond Morrison. 
So imagine my surprise when, on my way home, a black Yukon pulled up next to me on the curb, its rear window rolled down, a thin straw poked out, and I was struck in the leg with a dart. 
Whatever the drug was, it kicked in immediately. Darkness swirled around the perimeter of my vision, staying at bay long enough for me to see the two pairs of black gloved hands reaching for me from the Yukon’s back door, before swallowing my sight. I hit the pavement, and felt the hands take hold, but then I felt a third set of hands pulling me the opposite direction. There were some loud noises, and then the first two sets of hands let go. The next sensation I had was that of being swept up into the air and away. 

***

When I came around, I was on my couch again. This time, my Shadow was staring at me from across the room, without his glasses on. His eyes were a striking grayish-green, and seemed for a moment as though they had already seen decades more of life than his face. I felt them looking straight into my soul. 
With that thought, I was fully awake, and sat straight up. “How long was I out?” 
“Just an hour.” 
“How are you always where I am?” 
He smiled, “It’s my job to be where you are.” 
“Does someone pay you then?” I inquired further. 
Hesitantly, he responded. “Yes, I suppose you could say I have a patron, or sponsor.” 
Finally, I had an honest and direct answer. “And why do I need your protection?” 
“After the last two days, do you really need to ask me that question?”
“You’re right, allow me to clarify. Why are these people after me?” 
He stared out the window behind me. 
“All right then. Who is your patron?” 
This pause was much longer; I could feel the weight of the answer before he gave it. “Your father.” 
My father died when I was ten - almost eleven - in a plane crash. “That’s impossible.” I took several gulps from the glass of water on the end table to my right. 
“The arrangement was made long ago.” 
I had a flash of recognition, a memory of my father’s funeral and my Shadow standing at the back of the gathering. What struck me as strange was in seventeen years he had not aged a day. I thought he might look even younger now, and wondered aloud, “But how?” 
As if he read my mind, he said, “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” 
“Try me.” Suddenly I felt very drowsy, and the room was getting darker.
“I’m sorry, Samantha, not today.” Almost before he could finish, I passed out from whatever it was he put in the water. 
I was still conscious enough to hear him whisper, “You need to sleep and I need to go without you following.” He brushed my hair away from my forehead, and covered me with the blanket. “I promise to explain soon, I’m afraid we’ve run out of time.”

***

The landline was ringing, and the answering machine picked up. “Sam, it’s me,” Bailey sounded irritated. “I’m getting off the freeway; I’ve been calling your cell, home, the bar, your mom. Where are…” 
Jarred from my slumber, I scrambled to find the handset and hit talk, “Bailey, I’m here. I’m sorry I was asleep.” 
He half growled, half sighed with relief. “Some sound sleeper you are. You had me worried,” he scolded. 
“I guess I needed it,” I paused to yawn, “I’m sorry.” 
“I’ll be there in five minutes.” 
I didn’t want him to come over. “Bailey, please don’t. I’ve lost a day and a half already; I need to get some work done.” 
“Sam, you shouldn’t be alone,” he persisted. 
I refused. “Tomorrow night, I’m yours, I promise. I’m staying in, not going anywhere until you come get me for dinner.” 
“Promise me,” he insisted. 
“I did.” 
“Again.” He wasn’t letting go. 
“I promise I have enough food and Pepsi to get through ‘til tomorrow evening.” 
“At least call me later?” 
“How later? I don’t even know what time it is.” 
“It’s 4:14 p.m.” He was precise, to the minute. “How about around ten?” 
“Okay, ten it is." 
“And don't you go not answering my calls and worrying me like that again,” he scolded, before adding, “please?” 
“I'm sorry, Bailey.”
“No, I am. I'm just rattled by what happened.” 
He thinks he’s rattled. “I know, me too.” He has no clue.
“I guess I'll just go home and try to get some work done myself.”
“I'll call you at ten, promise.”
“You better. I love you.” This time he didn't wait for me to say it back, and ended the call.

***

I grabbed a Pepsi from the fridge and sat down at my desk in the corner to work on my desktop. For some strange reason, I wrote better at that old keyboard than at the one on my laptop. Maybe it was just the sitting upright at a desk that did the trick. Whatever the reason, my intention at sitting down was to work on my revisions for Dave Grier, my agent. Due to the circumstances, I was understandably distracted. 
My Shadow Watcher was an enigma I was compelled to solve. I knew he wasn't just a figment of my imagination, as I had believed when I'd seen him those few times years before, that Morrison guy saw him too. Why the mystery? I decided to make some notes, so I opened a blank doc and started typing. 

What I know: 
•Seems to be wherever I am 
•Appears only when I'm in trouble 
•Doesn't seem to ever be without trench coat or shades 
•Likes to mess with my head 
•Thinks that I'm naïve 
•He hasn't aged in 17 years, could even look younger 

What I don’t know: 
•Why is my father having him protect me? 
•Protect me from what? 
•How has he not aged? 
•Who is he? 
•How does he know when I'm in danger? 

Then, I realized I could go on typing questions forever. I opened my browser and clicked in the search bar, but I had no idea what to look for. My brain spun around in my head for a while, and I found myself thinking back to when I was a little girl, when my father would read to me before bedtime. We loved fantastical adventures, both fictional and historical. His favorite tales were of the Early North American expeditions and the quest for the Fountain of Youth in particular. 
We’d taken a few road trips as a family before Dad’s crash, and stopped at all of the historical landmarks along the way. Dad would tell me the stories of this battle, or that expedition, and sometimes there was a spark in his eyes that made me think he’d really been there to see it. He would speak reverently of the men, and women, involved, but in a way that gave the impression he knew them personally.
He also read me Tuck Everlasting - the tale of a family who drank from a small spring, and then went on to live forever. While it seemed like such a fantastical idea, they were frozen in time, never aging, and suffered through seeing people they loved grow old and die. They had to move from place to place so no one would catch on to the fact that they weren't aging as those around them. There was a kind of sadness to that story I could not shake.  
It hit me out of nowhere: from the pictures I had seen taken of him before I was born and what I remembered of him before his death, my father never appeared to age either. Not past his mid-thirties, and he should have been fifty-four at the time of the accident. His body burned so badly in the Cessna wreckage, he was cremated. I was either crazy or on to something: my Shadow Watcher knew my father, and either they both had a fabulous genealogy, or they had discovered some secret to halt the aging process.  
Going after someone because they have good genes is something I wouldn't put past some people. I didn't think it merited causing anyone physical harm though, like killing my father, or whatever Morrison and the men in the Yukon had in mind for me.  
It was more logical to conclude there was something tangible that my father and my Shadow Watcher knew about, or had in their possession, which kept them young for an unknown amount of time, and someone else knew about it, too. Perhaps it was a tree, like in the story? If my Shadow Watcher is real, couldn’t the same be said of the tree? I knew I was on to something, and at the same time, I was no closer to having any answers. 
By then, I was pacing around the room, and probably on my way to wearing a track in the carpet. Then I looked at Artemis, perched atop the couch, “I wonder what, if anything, Mom knows about all of this?”
Artemis cocked her head to the right, said, “Mraow,” and then yawned.
“You’re right, I should call her.” I picked up my cell phone and dialed hers. 
She answered on the second ring, “Sam, I was just thinking about you. You would love the colors on these trees.” I had forgotten she was off cruising in British Columbia. Once I was grown, she started flitting off here or there across the globe at random. The C.I.A. would have a hard time keeping track of her movements.
“Isn’t it too dark to see them there now?”
“Yes, but in the daytime! Oh, and you should have seen the sunset, it was just - I can’t even describe it.”
“I’ll bet.” How on Earth do I broach this subject? I stalled, “So how has the weather been there? It’s finally cooling off here.”
“Oh, you know that’s just a false alarm. There’ll be another heat wave before the end of October. But, it’s much cooler here, and I only packed clothes for warmer weather, so I’ve had to do a bit of shopping.”
“Of course,” I teased. She always bought too many new clothes on her trips, and would have to ship a box home to make room in her luggage. “So have you met any hot single men?”
“Why?” she gasped. “Don’t tell me you dumped Bailey?”
“No, Mother, I meant for you,” I really wished that she would consider dating. 
She yawned, “No honey, I’m just here for the trees. What’s going on at home? Anything exciting?”
I told her about Bailey’s project, his invitations to go with him and to move in, and then took a deep breath and sighed before giving her the edited version of my encounter with Raymond Morrison.
“Samantha! I’m getting on a plane first thing in the morning-”
“No Mom, I’m really ok. Bailey’s more shaken up than I am, though I don’t know how much of that is because I said I wasn’t ready to move in with him.”
“I really think I should come home,” she persisted.
“No, I don’t want to spoil your trip; I know how much you were looking forward to it.”
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, Mama, I’m sure.” 
“What else aren’t you telling me?”
“Nothing, I swear,” I paused a moment. “Well,” it was now or never, “I guess something else did happen, sort of.”
“Do I want to know?”
“Nothing bad, just, I happened to run into someone at the book store.”
“Who?”
“Someone who said he used to work for Dad. He was tall, with longish dark hair, and grayish green eyes. Oh, and he was wearing a trench coat. Does that sound familiar?”
She sighed, “Honestly, I don’t know. Your father had a lot of people working for him, try as I might, I can’t remember them all. A name might help, did he give you one?”
“No, I didn’t think to ask.” Maybe she doesn’t know anything after all. “Oh well, I didn’t remember him, I thought you might.”
“How did it come up, that he worked for Dad?”
Think fast Sam, “He asked if I was Daniel Marquet’s daughter, which caught me off guard. I said yes, and he explained that he recognized me from when I was younger. He said something about my eyes reminding him of Dad’s.”
“You do have his eyes,” she mused.
“Oh well, I just thought maybe he was someone you knew too.” 
As I spoke there was a knock on my door. Actually more of a pounding, followed by a female voice mocking an authoritative tone, “I know you’re in there.” 
“I’m sorry, Mom, Jayden is at the door.” 
“Say hello, I should go to bed anyhow. I love you.”
“I love you, too. Sweet dreams.” 


CHAPTER 6
09/23/2006
Girl Talk


My smile stretched from ear to ear as I opened the door for Jay. “How did you know I’m here?” Jayden was the only real girlfriend I had anymore, my confidant since Jr. High. I hadn’t seen her since our annual beach trip at the beginning of summer. 
“Bailey texted me, looking for you, and then texted again when he found you,” she brushed past me, kicking off her Docs before flopping down on the couch. “I called him to see what was up, and he told me what happened!”
“Yeah ... about that....”
“Why haven’t you called me?” She flipped back her black streaked auburn locks and crossed her arms indignantly. Waves of guilt inducing energy emanated from her big, doe brown eyes. It was like looking at myself sometimes, they were so like my own. We were accused of being sisters more than once.
I settled on the other end of the couch, with my back against the armrest so I was facing her, “Honestly, it’s all happened so fast. I just told my mother.” Then I thought of Bailey, “Speaking of calls,” I looked at the clock, it was eight twenty-five, “I promised I’d call You Know Who at ten, but I’ll forget with you here and be in even more trouble than I already am.”
“Don’t mind me,” she started pulling cartons out of a bag I hadn’t noticed, “I’ll get started on the orange chicken.” 
Food - that’s what I’d been neglecting. “You are a mind reader, give me a minute.” I hit call on Bailey’s number.
He answered on the first ring. “Wow, you’re early for once. Changed your mind and decided you want me to come over?”
I giggled at him girlishly, “No, silly. Jay came by and I figured I should call you now, before I get caught up in girl talk.”
“You’re having a slumber party with her instead of me?” He was trying his best to sound pathetically lonely.
“Those puppy dog eyes don’t work through the phone, Bail.”
“Maybe I have monopolized too much of your time over the last few months.” His sigh was over-exaggerated. “Have fun.”
“We will.”
“If you two decide you need help entertaining yourselves, you can always call me.”
“Bailey!” I squealed.
“Kidding.”
“No, you’re not. I’ll call you tomorrow, k?
“Don’t stay up all night, you need some rest.”
“I won’t. Goodnight,” I ended the call.
Artemis came out from wherever she’d been catnapping and was suddenly brushing against my legs. “Hello you,” I reached down to rub her belly between bites of chow mien. She paused to allow me the honor.
Jayden put her hand down; brushing her fingers against her thumb to make the sound that never fails to call a cat’s attention. “Here, puss-puss.” 
Artemis took two quick steps toward her and then froze; every hair from the top of her head to the tip of her tail standing at attention.  My cat had known Jayden her whole life; Jay was number three on Artemis’s list of favorite people. She’d never reacted to Jay like that before. I couldn’t understand what she was freaked out about, but she hissed and darted for her cat tree-house in the far corner. 
Jayden was equally shocked. “What the hell was that?”
“I have no idea.” Although my cat and I speak our own language pretty well, there are still times she is too feline for my comprehension. “I left her alone last night, she’s probably blaming you.”
Jay shook her head and rolled her eyes. “Generally, I prefer cats over dogs because of their independence.”
“Her, independent? Ha! You should hear the way she squawks at me when I come in the door. Whether I’m gone five minutes or five hours, I get a lecture from Her Highness.”
“Then she’s smarter than she looks. Someone obviously needs to lecture you.”
“Oh, no, don’t tell me I’m getting one from you now, too.”
“Well, what do you expect is going happen when you go walking down a dark alley, late at night?”
I rolled my eyes at her. “We’ve been cutting through those alleys for fifteen years.”
“Yeah, well, Novica isn’t the place it was fifteen years ago. Or haven’t you noticed? You live here, downtown. Are you that oblivious?”
“No, but it’s generally safer here, than the rest of town, with the police station right there.” While she had a valid point, I was too stubborn to listen. “Besides, there’s more to this I haven’t told anyone yet, so I’m glad you came over.” I probably would’ve called her before the night was through anyway.
“What haven’t you told anyone? You didn’t tell Tim?” She grabbed me by the shoulders, and locked her now wild eyes with mine. “Did that creep hurt you? Now you’re scaring me.”
“No, it’s nothing like that,” now I’d sent her mind racing off to any number of worst possible scenarios. “I really am fine.” She still looked skeptical. “Really. Jay, would I be sitting here this calm, eating orange chicken if he had done anything?”
She looked in my eyes for a few seconds, then agreed, “I suppose not. What happened that you couldn’t tell the cops?”
I took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. If anyone would understand, she would. “There’s just more to the story, and it’s kind of weird, and I must swear you to secrecy on punishment of deathifyousayawordtoanyone.”
She placed her right hand on her heart, and leaned over and put her left over mine, “Idososolemnlyswear.”
I began my story over again for her up to this point, including all of my past Shadow Watcher sightings - most of which she knew about already - but I left out the part about Dad and the Shadow Watcher not aging. As I spoke, she listened and smoked, her eyes growing wider and wider. 

***

When I finished, forty minutes or so later, she sat back digesting it all, then said simply, “I can see why you haven’t told anyone.”
“Thank you.”
“So, just to clarify, you’ve completely gone off the deep end, and you want me to have you committed?”
I chucked a throw pillow at her, “Not funny.”
She put up her palms in surrender, “I’m sorry I couldn’t resist. Are you for real?”
“For cereal.”
“Like breakfast?”
I nodded, “With milk.” After a pause, I asked, “Any thoughts?”
“Yeah, it sounds like your book, only better with the hot Shadow Watcher.”
My cheeks flushed, “I never said he was hot.”
“I’m sorry, dreamy,” she fluttered her eyelashes.
“Stop it, I didn’t say that either.”
She huffed, and threw her hands up, “That’s my point! Is he or isn’t he?”
“I don’t know! I haven’t given it any thought.” It wasn’t entirely a lie - I’d thought about it subconsciously, and knew the answer was yes when she asked. I just wasn’t going to admit it.
“Which means he is? I knew it!” She clapped her hands together giddily.
I rolled my eyes at her, and took a big swallow of my wine. He had that whole dark and mysterious stranger thing going for him, and what I’d seen so far was fairly easy on my eyes. But, I mostly saw him in dim lighting, and hadn’t gone so far as to label him yet, I’m not sure hot or dreamy were the right adjectives. 
“Sam, all these years, all these sightings, the van, you think it was this guy?” She did her best to convince me that I was imagining things every time I brought it up over the years. Not this time.
“Yes.” I lit a cigarette, “I’m certain of it.”
Jayden swirled her glass for a moment, staring at it as if mesmerized. She didn’t look up as she asked, “Your dad was kind of powerful, wasn’t he?”
“He was rich is what he was. You know that.” I got up and started pacing. “Everyone within fifty miles knows it, which is why Bailey had to move here from the East Coast for me to find a man who is interested in me and not my father’s money.”
“Hate to break it to you, Honey, but back to my point, money usually equals power in our society.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
“And it’s yours now?”
“Yeah, well half of it, but I don’t deal with it. I don’t know.” I really didn’t pay attention to any of it. I signed some papers when I turned eighteen, and I was given a checkbook that I had some fun with in college, but had rarely used since. “It’s all real estate and investment stuff I don’t really understand. I’m content to live my life and let the ‘fund’ pay for someone else to manage it.”
Her eyes met mine. “Never mind that for now. These rich and powerful guys, though, don’t they all belong to the secret societies for the rich and powerful guys?”
The wine nearly came through my nose, “What are you talking about?”
“You know, fraternities, brotherhoods; I suspect some country clubs. Come on, you have to have paid some attention to me talking about this stuff.”
“You mean like Free Masons and the Knights Templar?” Jayden was a history major with a specialization in the occult stuff. Her thesis was on the Free Masons if I recalled correctly. “Yes, I pay some attention to you, but I’m not seeing where you’re going.” I could not picture my father as a member of such a group. 
“You said this - Shadow Watcher? Is that what we’re calling him? - he told you the ‘arrangement’ was made long ago?”
“Yes.”
“Did he happen to mention how long ago?”
I shrugged. “At my birth for all I know.”
“And he’s how old?” 
She might figure out the not aging thing herself. “I don’t know. He looks to be about our age, but you know how bad I am at figuring how old people are.”
“It’s getting harder to tell with so many people having procedures now.”
“True, true,” I agreed. It was a good excuse.
She sat back sipping her wine and smoking another cigarette. “I’m going to have to do some reading and get back to you before I form an opinion.”
“An opinion?” I echoed.
She sighed a shook her head. “I don’t think it’s out of the realm of question your father paid him a healthy sum to protect you, and made arrangements in case of his death. You said so yourself, the ‘fund’ takes care of itself, right?” I nodded, she continued, “Your dad was rich, therefore he had enemies. The two go hand in hand. Your mother may or may not know about it, but there are some things I want to look into.”
“Like what?”
“Interesting people your father may have been connected to.”
I had no idea what she was thinking, but figured there was no harm in her digging around. “And what should I do in the meantime?”
“You could go hang out in a dark alley and hope your Shadow Watcher turns up again. That seems to work well for you.” She topped that one off with a big glob of sarcasm.
“Really?”
“No, you idiot, bolt the door and open it to no one but me. Someone is obviously after you for something.”
I shook my head and sighed. “Thank you for the enlightenment.”
“Oh, I’m not done. I’ll be back in the morning, I’ve already got some ideas rolling around in my head,” she leaned over and kissed me on the forehead, “but I need my library.” By this, she meant the internet, or her collection of obscure volumes that lined the walls of her apartment. Or, in this case, she would probably need some combination of both. “Promise me you won’t leave ‘til I come back.”
“I promise,” we got up and moved to the door. 
“Wait,” she darted back to the bag on the table. She smiled as she held up two fortune cookies, “We almost forgot.”
“You first, I’m not sure I want to see mine.”
Jayden snapped hers in two, popping one half in her mouth as she pulled the paper carefully from the other. “Well that sucks, here are my winning lotto numbers, and it’s too late to buy a ticket.”
I cracked mine open, hoping for numbers as well, but I already knew it wasn’t my lucky day. “The truth is often not expected, even in plain sight,” I read aloud. “What the hell kind of fortune is that?”
A dark shadow crossed Jayden’s face. “Question.”
“Shoot.”
She fired away, “Does Bailey know who your father is?” She had been itching to ask.
“No,” I scowled. “I’m not sure what that has to do with anything.”
“Never mind why. Are you sure you’ve never mentioned him?”
I nodded my head. “We’ve never discussed my father, other than I mentioned he passed away when I was young, sometime in the first couple months of our relationship. I don’t think I told him how.” I thought about it, “No, I know I didn’t, and he never asked.”
She bit her lower lip, “Have you ever Googled yourself?” I shook my head. “Try it.”
“You’re creeping me out, dude. Have you?” 
“I have, and on the surface it’s all your profiles and writing stuff, but a search for Samantha Marquet’s father turns up several articles that would give the details of his death, and indicate your worth.” She hugged me. “It’s just a random thought and probably nothing. Still, sit tight ‘til the morrow.”


CHAPTER 7
09/24/2006
A Bedtime Story


After Jay left, I went back to work at my computer. I found it hard to concentrate with the doubts about Bailey she’d planted in my head. It wasn’t long before I had another reason to be distracted.
This time, I knew he was watching; I could feel his eyes on me. I rose casually from my seat, and made as though I was heading for the restroom. I turned the corner and flattened myself against the wall. Inching back around to the sliding glass door, I caught a glimpse of him crouched on the balcony.
In one fluid motion, I pushed the door open and stepped through. I caught him off-guard for once, and he hopped back and teetered on his heels for a second. “Why don’t you just come to my front door like a normal person?”
“Because the circumstances of our acquaintance are not normal,” he replied as he stood.
“I see,” I raised an eyebrow at him. “Well, given the circumstances, it's probably best we have this talk indoors.” I stepped back across the threshold, “That is unless you were planning on drugging me and running off again.”
He followed me in, sliding the door shut and locking it, “No, I came back to talk to you, but I didn’t want to interrupt. You haven’t been able to get much work done the last few days.”
“No, I haven’t,” I answered while processing what he’d said. “Wait how….” I thought about it again, “Obviously, because you’re paid to watch me.”
My mounting frustration with lack of information must have been apparent on my face, and he didn’t ignore it. “You’ve been handling this well so far, Samantha.” He took off the sunglasses, and tucked them inside his coat. “It’s time for me to answer some of your questions.”
I decided on the right word for Jayden - striking. In a hot, dreamy way. “How about starting with your name?”
“Michael,” he answered.
I extended my hand, and a jolt of excitement rushed through me when he took it in his strong grasp. “Nice to meet you,” I exhaled. 
He smiled, and I probably held his hand a second too long before reluctantly letting go.  Embarrassed, I turned and gestured to the couch. “Shall we sit? Would you like something to drink?”
He sat down, “No, thank you. You might want another glass of wine though.”
I sat down, and started with what was at the top of my mind, “Why don’t you age?” 
He knew exactly what I meant. “For the same reason those men are after you. Unfortunately, they think you know things that you don’t know yet.”
“Am I about to find these things out now?” To say that I was anxious would be a gross understatement.
“Some of them,” he leaned back, but maintained a serious expression. “Samantha…”
“Sam, please,” I interrupted. “My father was the only one who really called me Samantha; it makes me feel like a little girl.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to-”
“No, please, go on.”
“You know your father was a wealthy man.” I nodded. “His wealth extends far beyond what you know of, and he spent much longer amassing it than you think.” He paused before continuing, “It began with your grandfather in fifteen thirteen, and your father inherited it when he was killed in nineteen twenty-five.”
My laughter interrupted him, “You meant nineteen thirteen, right?”
He looked perplexed, “No, I mean one-five-one-three. The sixteenth century.” 
“But....” Math was never my favorite subject, but basic subtraction told me the dates didn’t add up. “Fifteen thirteen? That’s ridiculous.”
“Sam, I need you to open your mind,” his voice sounded like it was coming through a tunnel. I was either dreaming or ready for the trip to the loony bin. “What I’m telling you is the truth.”
I stood and started pacing around the room, and he quietly let me digest the information. I consider myself to be a relatively bright girl, so when a man who appeared to have not aged a day in nearly seventeen years told me my grandfather was alive almost five hundred years ago, wine or no, I knew I’d entered the Twilight Zone.
I just spit out the next thing that came to mind. “You’re not a vampire, because you’ve been here before, and I didn’t invite you in until tonight. But, I also remember seeing you, a long time ago, and you haven’t aged. I am so confused.”
“See?” He smiled, showing his perfectly human teeth. “No fangs. As far as I know, they don’t exist. Was it at your father’s funeral that you saw me?”
“Yes, there’s a picture with you in the background. I’ve seen you other times since, and before the other night. I just never connected it all before.” I could tell he was holding back big things, afraid to shatter my delicate mind. “My imagination goes pretty way out there Michael. If my life is on the line, you need to deal me all the cards.”
“I would if it were that easy,” he sighed and leaned back. “I’m afraid you’re going to have to settle for bits and pieces for now, there’s too much to tell. It’s hard to know where to start; I wasn’t supposed to be the one to have this conversation with you.”
“Then who was?” I asked.
“Ideally, it would have been your grandfather. He was the best equipped to explain everything.” Michael laced his fingers behind his head, and continued, “He stumbled upon a plant - a very rare tree – which bears fruit with properties that reverse cellular damage so effectively, those who consume it are rejuvenated. Eating the seed will give an eighty year old the body of a twenty year old again.”
I gaped at him in amazement. “The fountain of youth isn’t a fountain?”
He shrugged. “That legend may still be, but the source of my youth is the Flamella tree.”
“I see.” I drank it in with another gulp of wine. The stories my father told me were coming true. There is a tree, and a Shadow Watcher. Does that make me the princess?
He cleared his throat and continued, “To harness this power, and use it to the fullest potential, your grandfather needed help. He initially enlisted six of his closest friends, adding more members along the way, and they began to refer to themselves as the Society in the Shadows of Civilization. We generally call it the Society for short. 
“Under the direction of your grandfather, who became known as the Sovereign of Time, and with the assistance of his six Council members, the Society grew to a network of thousands, and eventually tens of thousands across the world. We have representatives in every developed nation, and eighty-eight percent of the undeveloped ones. Their occupations run the gamut - doctors, professors, librarians, lawyers, judges, mechanics, teachers, sanitation workers, politicians, scientists, bankers, restaurant workers, nurses, janitors, oil and real estate tycoons, artists and just about everything else in between.”
Curious, I asked, “Why do you need doctors if the fruit can heal you?”
“Sometimes, a medical crisis arises when no fruit is available, and a Society member may be admitted to a regular hospital for care,” he explained. “Then, one of our legally board certified doctors flies in as the patient’s personal physician, can administer the fruit, if necessary, and bask in the glory of performing a medical miracle. The doctor then signs off on the patient’s release, and they return to life as usual. 
“Every so many years, those who live a public life have to ‘die,’ and then reemerge in the world as a twenty-something. Having actual doctors and lawyers involved in the paperwork associated with death and leaving belongings behind helps, though we have some of the best document forgers in our circle.”
I put up my hand to stop him. “I need to make sure I have this right. You all go around living a full life, fake your own deaths, and then start over as adults with a new identity, again and again?” 
He nodded, and continued, “This network has been operating now for almost five hundred years, and, as you can imagine, it is filled with certain perils.” Here he paused, gauging my reaction thus far.
“He who controls the tree is in the most danger,” I whispered. 
He nodded, clearly pleased with my reaction. “Indeed, he and those closest to him, such as his son, your father. That is what necessitated the formation of another elite faction within the Society, of which I became a member in 1881, The Shadow Watch.
“Our function was to shadow and protect the Sovereign, and the others appointed by him to fall under our protection, such as the Council members. I served your father until he assigned me to you when you were eight.
“After his death, all the Society had left of the plant was what fruit was dried and stored, which will still last a while longer, but certainly not forever. The Council believes your father left you clues that could lead you to the plant.”
“Are you not just as anxious to find it?”
He gazed off, as if looking at something very far away. “If I cannot find the meaning of happiness in this lifetime, I never will.”
It was the way he spoke, more than the words he used, I found odd - cryptic - but I put it aside for later reflection, and continued my questioning. “So, what you’re saying is that my father’s former ‘friends’ are out to get me?”
“In short, yes. We face a multitude of enemies, including a number of factions within the Society. There are a few rather powerful people who have lived for centuries, and aren’t so willing to let that change any time soon.
“There are also, potentially, those who have discovered the Society, and want to get their hands on the key to longevity.”
“I thought you said the Society was a secret?”
“Just as with any so-called secret society, rumors will inevitably leak out. There have been a few groups over the centuries that sought out the Society. Now, it could be any number of people, conspiracy theorists, historians, and people like you and Jayden - who have the internet and insomnia.”
“That’s all fabulous for them, but I still don’t understand what any of it has to do with me? This is the first I’ve heard of all this, and Dad’s gone.”
“Yes, but that doesn’t change the fact that you are his heir, which means they assume he has left you with the Flamella tree, as his father left it with him.”
“But he didn’t.”
“Yes he did.”
There was simply absolutely nothing I could say to that. What could be said? My father left me his book collection, a curious mind and a thirst for adventure. There was also the financial empire and real estate around the world. But I knew nothing of a tree.
I had never known my father to tend to a plant in his life. Then again, according to Michael, my father had lived a lot more life than I had known. Anything was possible, if I believed everything Michael said, which I did. I still can’t explain why, but I knew he wasn’t lying.
I just stared at Michael for a few minutes while I tried to assimilate all he’d told me. So this is what the other side of the looking glass feels like. Curious. I almost detached from myself, like I was watching a movie with me in it. 
“Sam, talk to me. Tell me what’s going on in your head.”
I blinked my eyes at him a few times. That was about all I could muster.
For a moment the coolness of his exterior faded away, and it seemed as if perhaps he wanted to comfort me somehow, but he put his façade back up a moment later. “You told me you were ready,” he taunted me.
“I’m sorry,” I snapped back, regaining my motor functions. “Give a girl a minute, you’re asking me to absorb a five hundred year old story!”
He laughed, “All right, there she is.” It was frightening that he knew me well enough to elicit that reaction. 
I tried to stay focused, but my mind was barely able to tread water in this sea of information. “If my father left me this Flamella tree, then where is it? Why haven’t I seen it before?”
“It’s hidden someplace where even we can’t get it for now.”
“But these people are trying to grab me, even though I know nothing about it?”
“They believe you do know about it. They can’t fathom the concept that your parents wanted you to have a normal life; that they kept all of this from you is beyond their comprehension.” He looked at his watch, “I’m sorry, but I need to get on to the rest. There’s not much time left.”
“There’s more?”
He gave a wry smile, “If you’re ready.”
“Ready or not, someone’s after me.”
“Right and we’re dealing with multiple potential enemies here. I’ve been looking into Mr. Morrison; he has been tracing lines of the Society for some time.”
“And he’s not one of you? Someone you haven’t met before?”
“He doesn’t have the mark.”
“What mark?”
He pulled his glasses out of his pocket, and handed them to me. “Put them on.” So I did.
I was shocked to find the room was brighter, not dimmer as I expected. Then I looked at Michael and saw the glowing royal blue and teal symbol right in the middle of his forehead. I jumped to my feet, taking the glasses off, and the mark was gone. I put them back on, and it was there. “What are you?”
“I am human, just the same as you. I just have a tattoo done with very special ink, and a pair of glasses that allows me to identify anyone else with one.”
“And all members of the Society have one of these tattoos?” I removed the glasses, turning them over in my hands, examining them.
“Not all of them, but several of those who are no longer a part of the Society do. I wear the glasses to identify potential enemies. Morrison doesn’t have the mark, but when I went to his apartment after I left you here, I found out he’s been researching the Society for over a decade.”
“The police said that he had been following me for some time now, they didn’t say anything about the Society.”
“That’s because I cleaned anything related to the Society out of his apartment. I left enough for them to lock him up for following you. They think he was watching you for more than six months, though he only started following you about three weeks ago.”
“How do you know?”
“Because that’s when his first photos of you were taken, I made it look like he’d been following you longer for the police. I noticed him following you a day before the first pictures, but I just thought he was some random sicko and moved on because other concerns cropped up. I should have stopped him before that ever happened, I’m so sorry.”
“What other concerns?”
“The people with tattoos like mine that have been following you.”
“Are they the ones who tried to grab me coming from the Police Station?”
“Yes,” he admitted.
“I’m guessing that I’m missing some huge chunks of information here.”
“Yes.” 
I yawned and stretched. “So what happens now?”
“Tonight, you sleep. Tomorrow, I will tell you more and we will start looking for answers.”
I yawned again, “Just more? You’re not going to tell me the rest?”
He inhaled and exhaled deeply, “There will still be too much to cover it all tomorrow.”
The clock caught my attention for the first time in hours, it was 3:06 a.m. and as if by mere awareness of the time, I found my eyelids drooping. “Then I’d best go to sleep. Am I safe here, for the night?”
“Yes, I will be watching, though the surveillance you’ve had installed on the building is a good deterrent. They don’t want to be caught on camera, which is getting harder these days.”
“My friend, Jayden, is coming in the morning,” I informed him.
“I know,” he smiled. “I can’t wait to hear what she comes up with.” His expression quickly grew solemn, “You will have to cancel your plans with Bailey though.”
“That may be difficult.”
“Well, you’re not going to be here to go out to dinner.  You’d better give him a reason than have him call out the National Guard to look for you.”
“You’re right.” Besides, I was running out of fingers to count how many times he’d cancelled on me in the last few weeks. “When should I expect you?” 
“Late afternoon, probably around four or five o’clock. We’ll be taking your car.” He left me sitting on the couch, and opened the door to the balcony, “Now, go to sleep. You need some rest.” He closed the door and vanished.
I blinked my eyes and he literally disappeared from the balcony. He didn’t jump or climb, he was just gone. The more I knew about him, the more a mystery he was, and the more I wanted answers. 
Turning out the lights before I plopped back down on the couch, I sighed and pulled my blankets over my lap. Artemis was next to me within seconds, rubbing her face against my left arm. 
I hooked my arm under her and pulled her onto my lap where she immediately commenced purring. “He said I should sleep, Puss, ha! I’d like to see him try to sleep with all of the things he has and hasn’t told me, flying around in his head.”
Artemis turned her face up toward mine, “Merrrow.” She obviously agreed, but I knew I should try to sleep anyway. We rearranged ourselves so that I lay on my side with her curled up against my belly.
The rhythm of her purr and the wine worked some kind of magic over me, and despite the odds, I soon drifted off.


CHAPTER 8
09/24/2006
Wake Up Call


There was a loud pounding sound. My eyes flew open, instinctively looking directly at the clock. It was 8:04 a.m., on a Sunday no less, and someone was pounding on my door. I made the logical assumption, Jayden was back.
Normally, this wasn’t the most logical assumption, as Jay wasn’t a morning person. But, since she marched off on a mission the night before, and had a crazy addiction to coffee, it was likely she didn’t sleep. I figured she would crash out on my couch as soon as she spilled whatever she had found. 
I was still bra-less, and wearing the same t-shirt and sweats as the night before, but I shuffled across the room to let her in anyway because it really didn’t matter. We’d crashed with each other enough over the years, it wasn’t like I had to get presentable.
“All right, all right already. Impatient hag,” I grumbled loud enough for her to hear as I opened the door. Jayden was not on the other side.
A man with sunglasses, wearing a trench coat, stood there smiling. “I hope you’re not disappointed; I believe you were expecting someone else.” He was not Michael. “Samantha, how wonderful we finally meet face to face.” Before I knew what was happening, he shoved me so hard I fell back and hit my head on the kitchen breakfast island, before collapsing on the floor. 
He was in the door and had it bolted again as I scrambled to my feet. He merely stood there, barring my way to the door. His attire suggested he came from the Society, as Michael did, but his demeanor made it obvious he was no friend. I decided he must be one of the defectors. All the same, I asked my new favorite question, “Who are you?” Just for good measure I added, “And what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“Your father’s a very old friend,” he sneered. “You may not be aware of this, but there are a great number of people who depend on him, aside from you and your mother.” 
“You’ll be sorry then to hear he passed away, more than sixteen years ago,” I edged my way around the island into the kitchen area. Think Sam, think. “It’s so nice of you to come calling though. You must not have been that close? Seeing how it’s been so long.”
I wanted to bolt right then for the fire escape from the balcony, but something held me back. Here was another stranger with a mystical connection to my father. He was dangling it as bait right in front of me, and damned if I wasn’t swallowing it whole.
“My dear, your father is the one who ran away from his friends.” The stranger took a careful step forward, “He made occasional contact, on his terms, but when we had not heard from him for so long we had to come find him.”
“We? Is someone else here?” There had to be something I could use as a weapon. Nothing happens in Novica, I’d never contemplated arming myself before.
“No, it’s just me for now. Your friend - Jayden, isn’t it? - won’t be joining us here, but we’ll be with her soon enough.”
I started backing my way into the kitchen. “You’re crazy if you think I’m going anywhere with you.” 
He smiled as he lunged toward me. I pulled out the silverware drawer and grabbed a steak knife just before he crashed into it. On my way past the refrigerator, I threw the freezer door in his face, and then made a break to run across the room. 
Leaping to jump onto the seat and over the couch, I landed with my right foot, but he caught my left in the air. I twisted to try to kick him, but only succeeded in landing flat on my back, knocking the air from my lungs and the knife from my hand. 
He dropped to his knees and straddled my midsection. I flailed and kicked, but he was much stronger, and had the dominant position. Pinning my wrists over my head, he leaned over so that blood, dripping from a gash on his forehead and his nose, splattered onto my face and hair. I had a sensation of the air being sucked out of the room as I tried to breathe.
“What the-” My assailant lifted his head, but before he could turn to look behind him, someone pulled him off of me and slammed his head into the coffee table, rendering him unconscious in a heap on the floor. 
Michael turned and extended his hand toward me, “If you wanted to head out earlier you could have said so last night.” He smirked, and I accepted his hand. “You okay?” I nodded, unable to speak, taking note that there was blood on his knuckles, and bruising forming on his left cheek that must have come from a recent scuffle. “Get dressed. We have to get out of here.” 
He had literally appeared from nowhere; the doors and windows were all still closed and locked. “Is he?” Dead, I wanted to know if he was dead.
“Maybe, I don’t think so.”
I felt a little dizzy, but walked stiffly to my closet and with my back turned, I pulled off my t-shirt.  “He said they have Jay,” I told him while I put on a bra and a clean shirt; the effort told me I was going to be more than a little sore from that fall.
“I know.” I could tell he had turned around by the way his voice bounced back to me and I knew that he was blushing by his tone. “I’m sorry; the others grabbed me just before they got her. By the time I fought them off; they had Jayden in the car and were driving away.”
“Do you know where she is?” I was hoping more than asking. I grabbed underwear and socks before heading to the bathroom to wipe the blood from my face. I left the door open, momentarily, for his response.
“No, but I know where to start looking.” Then I kicked the door shut. 
The thought of anything happening to Jay because of me made me sick; I threw up in the toilet and flushed. Then I gave my teeth a cursory brushing, and put my bloody hair in a ponytail. I cleaned my face as best I could with a washcloth. The jeans I wore the day before were on top of the hamper, I pulled them on last before I was ready to re-emerge. 
When I opened the door, he was scooping Artemis out of her cat tree and into a backpack I recognized from my closet. “You have some serious explaining to do.”
He situated her on his back. “We don’t want to leave her here.”
“That’s not what I’m talking about, but we can go with that first.”
“They will be here any second to clean up their mess, though it should be safe to come back in a few hours. We’ll probably be gone longer though.”
“Who are they?”
“Sam, no time now, to the car,” he tossed me my keys and handed me my purse when we met at the balcony door. “Your phone’s in the purse, let’s go!”
I kept my Blazer parked in a carport downstairs and behind the building so we took the fire escape. I didn’t care that I couldn’t lock the sliding glass door since they would obviously get in if they wanted to. We ran across the narrow alley and I got in the driver seat while Michael got in the front passenger side with Artemis.
“Where are we going?” I noted the clock on the radio read 8:48 am. 
“Head up the 39 for now.”
“Toward the canyon?”
“Yes.”
We wove through the streets of Novica, turning onto the State Route 39 at the north end of town. Michael was continuously checking for signs that we were being followed, which we apparently weren’t. 
When we came to a stop that I knew to be four lights away from the mouth of the canyon, he handed me a pair of sunglasses that looked much like his, only slightly smaller. “These are yours.” 
“Should I put them on now?”
“You should keep them on as much as possible.” I slipped them on, finding they fit perfectly, as though made for my face. “And run from anyone you see with a mark on their forehead, unless I tell you otherwise.”
“So there are some we can trust?” The light turned green. 
“Your father had more friends than enemies, though most of them probably don’t know what to believe anymore. There are a very select few that I have known for some time, and who I know are not a threat, though most all of them are concerned with the depletion of their supply of the dried fruit.”
“I suppose that would be a concern.”
“I, however, am more concerned with the fact several of them have turned up dead recently.”
I braked for the next red light, “Did they run out of fruit early?”
“No,” we stopped and I turned to look at him. “They were murdered.”
A car entered the east side of the intersection, heading west, and Michael stiffened. I could feel the driver’s stare through the windows, despite the tint that was at least ten shades darker than what passed for legal. Michael said, “Change of plans, turn right here.” The urgency in his voice told me to act now, ask questions later, so I did.
“Turn again on the next street, and park in the first place you can find,” he instructed.
I turned off onto a residential side street, and parked two houses down under a tree. Michael hit the door lock button, grabbed the keys from the ignition and pulled the back pack strap over his shoulder. He pushed up his left sleeve, revealing three watch-like devices. The time must have been included somewhere in the digital display, but there were too many complications going on in that tiny space for me decipher what they meant just then. “Loop your arm through mine, and don’t let go.”
As Michael turned a dial on the middle device, I heard tires screeching and looked up to see the black car turning onto the street. “Take a deep breath,” he warned, and there was the same sensation I felt in my apartment, the rush of air being vacuumed away, except this time I disappeared into the flash of light with Michael just as the car pulled up next to us. 

***

When Michael pressed the buttons on the device, an explosion of light enveloped us completely, absorbing us into the vacuum along with the air around us. It was unlike anything I had ever experienced; I think we actually became the light for one fraction of a second. I was weightless and senseless with nothing but a blinding white brilliance all around me. 
Then we were stumbling on the floor of my mother’s kitchen. The clock on the stove inexplicably read 9:43 a.m. - nearly an hour later than it should have been. Unable to speak, I looked at Michael, pleading with my eyes for an explanation.
“Yes, the clock is right. This,” he slid up his sleeve to reveal the first of his three watches again, “is what your father called a Hopper. Don’t ask me to explain how it works; I am a soldier and assassin, not a scientist.” 
I shook my head in disbelief, “It’s a time machine?” This is insane.
The right corner of his mouth turned up in amusement. “I guess you would call it a compact version. From what I do understand, it opens a wormhole to a predetermined location a short time in the future. Your grandfather started work on the concept, but died before he built the prototype. Your father finished his work a couple of years later. 
“In order for it to work, I have to place a device where I want to turn up in advance. I wear multiple Hoppers, and have multiple places to go.” He pulled the sleeve up on the other arm to reveal three more.
“Or escape to.” No further explanation was needed for me to understand how he was always in the right place at the right time.
“I’ll explain more later, I promise. First, I need to make sure you’re safe while I go get Jayden.” He took Mom’s keys from the hook by the garage door. “I’ll drive this time.”


CHAPTER 9
09/24/2006
Hideaway


I held Artemis on my lap in the passenger seat, and waited for Michael to speak. I felt like I was losing my mind.  We were back on Route 39 before I remembered to call Bailey and cancel our date. His voicemail picked up, “Hey Bail, I’m sorry I have to cancel our plans. A client offered me an opportunity I couldn’t pass on, and I’m going up north to do some work on the project. I’m on the way to LAX, I’ll try again later.” 
When I hung up, we were almost back to where we left my car. Michael finally spoke, only to say, “I’m sorry, Sam. I know you want answers, I just don’t know where to begin right now.”  
We began our winding ascent, and Artemis purred away in my lap. She’d never been particularly fond of car rides, and would normally be frantically peering out of the windows, moving from one to another. Strange as the behavior was, her calm display soothed me; my heartbeat slowed down for the first time since I met the stranger at my door.
Driving on, along the canyon and up the mountain, I watched as the chaparral thickened, and grew into a forest of pine, oak, and fir as our elevation climbed in the West Fork. We passed the sign marking two miles to the turn-off for Crystal Lake, and I was confused more by the minute; I knew the road came to an end about two miles beyond the lake. There was a landslide in nineteen seventy-eight which necessitated the closure of the last four miles of the highway that once connected it to State Route 2. California’s legislators always found some more worthy waste of tax payer dollars, so nearly three decades later, the scenic route to the North San Fernando Valley remained inaccessible. 
We reached the gate blocking access to the last stretch of road, and Michael put the Land Rover in park, “Get in the driver’s seat, I’ll have you pull it through.” 
Dumbfounded, I stared after him as he got out and walked to the lock on the gate, fumbling in his pocket. He produced a key, and looked over his shoulder at me as he bent to insert it, jerking his head toward the driver’s seat to indicate I should move. Shocked back into control of my limbs, I scrambled over the center console, noting the dashboard clock read 10:33 a.m. 
He swung the bright yellow bars open wide enough for me to drive through, so I did. In the rearview mirror, I saw him draw them together again, and replace the chains and padlock. I started to climb over the center console again as he opened the passenger door. “You can stay there; I have to get out again.”
“Umm, I hope you know where we’re going, ‘cause last time I checked this road doesn’t go through.” I felt it was my duty to inform him as I had checked once, when I was nineteen.
He smiled, “I do. It’s not far, but we’ll have to do some walking.”
I drove slowly around the next curve. Once we were out of sight of the roadblock, he said, “Here, stop,” and got out.
There was no shoulder; the road came right up against the mountain. Michael walked to the rocky wall, and pushed in on a boulder. The wall came to life with rotating boulders, some protruding, others retracting, until the mouth of a cave opened before him. He stepped aside, and motioned for me to pull in.
I hesitated a moment, then took my foot from the brake, pressing ever so lightly on the gas, so that the Rover rolled forward, into the cave. Michael followed on foot, and somehow the wall resealed behind us. Unsure of what was next; I put the car in park, and turned off the engine. Carbon monoxide poisoning wasn’t something we needed to add to our list of troubles.
Michael opened my door. “You can leave the keys here, but get Artemis. Let’s go.”
He had a flashlight, and led me to a narrow passageway at the back of the chamber. We squeezed into the tight space, and stopped twice more for boulder moving magic, opening the passage from one corridor to the next, until there was daylight ahead. 
We entered the forest, or what had re-grown after the 2002 fire, and I continued to follow his lead. After about five minutes of walking, he stopped, put the backpack on the ground and loosened the drawstring for Artemis to emerge. 
“What are you doing now?” Artemis came and rubbed up against my right leg, and I reached down to pet her without taking my eyes off of Michael.
“Letting the cat out of the bag.” He grinned too broadly at his own joke.
“Ha, ha,” I laid on the sarcasm. “No, really.” I looked over at Artemis, who’d wandered away a few feet, sniffing at the ground with her tail high in the air. She was acting like a dog, sniffing for a trail, and the whole situation got even stranger, as if that were possible. “What? Now my cat knows the way?”
“She was originally your grandfather’s cat, and yes she alone can get us where we need to go.”
I shook my head, “She was my what?” This was not possible. “But she was practically still a kitten when I-”
“She was practically a kitten when your mother brought home the cat you had before her. The black one you called Ebony? But you became her human the minute you were born, when she had a full black mask and a large black patch on her back with a white spot.”
“Happy?” Happy was old when I was little, but always patient with me. They told me she went to kitty heaven one day when I came home from Kindergarten; it was not long after that Ebony came along. 
“Yes, Artemis is the same cat. She has been dyed in various patterns to conceal her identity.” Artemis had circled around us, and came up rubbing my left leg from behind. “But these are her true markings, well, plus one.”
This time when she looked up at me, I really looked at her with the glasses on for the first time, and I saw she too had the strange tattoo, glittering faintly through her fur. I let out a little gasp.
“She was the first one to eat the fruit and rejuvenate,” he spoke reverently. “She is the miracle.”
Astounded, I stared at her in wonder, the little miracle that she was. It became clear how we had bonded so quickly, understood each other so well; she had known me my entire life. 
“Miss Mis,” Michael called her by her nickname and kissed at her to get her attention. “We have work to do.” Artemis left my leg and headed into the trees, looking back once to make sure we were ready to follow this time. If any animal understands English, it would be her. With more than five hundred years of practice, she probably understands it better than me.

***

Our short, but steep, downhill hike was riddled with stumbles and slips on both my part and Michael’s. Artemis paused more than once, with enough time to groom herself as she waited.  It seemed like an eternity, time ticking by with Jayden in the hands of my enemies, whoever they were. 
After twenty minutes, Artemis came to rest on a boulder at the base of a very old pine tree. She stared up into the branches above her, her twitching tail whipping back and forth with increasing intensity, and I could almost see the geometrical calculations she was making in her tiny brain. Then, she became the portrait in motion depicting feline prowess, leaping up almost vertically to the lowest of the branches.  She stepped ever so lightly toward the trunk and sat a moment, tail hanging down and twitching again. 
I gasped when she jumped up to the branch on her left, barely touching it as she bounced off, and up higher and to the right. I covered my eyes as she caught the branch with her forelegs, but she managed to pull herself up. Another series of three smaller leaps landed her at her destination, and I saw the tip of her tail disappear from view near the trunk.
Then Michael spoke, “It should be no more than five minutes.”
I had no idea what “it” was, and I decided it was better to just wait and see. As with the hidden parking cave, I was certain there was no way for him to describe it adequately. 
I turned slowly, taking in the three hundred and sixty degrees of view around me. The area looked entirely untouched by man, the scattered pines lending cover to the birds that were singing and whatever other wildlife might be roaming. Making the circle complete, I came back to find Michael staring at the boulder, so I did the same.
About three minutes after Artemis vanished into the tree, the boulder rose from the ground atop a cylinder. As it rose, an opening facing us emerged, and when it reached about six and a half feet, it stopped. Michael then turned toward me and bowed, “Ladies first.”
Hesitantly, I stepped forward into the cylindrical chamber. It was only three and a half feet in diameter, and when I turned to face Michael, he was only inches away. He pulled a metal lever on the slate gray wall, and our elevator began its descent. 

***

When we came to a stop, Michael pointed behind me. I turned to find a new opening, into a large cavernous space, with polished marble floors. To our left, a fire was burning in a fireplace as tall as me, and Artemis was curled up on the hearth. The wall opposite us was comprised of twelve foot tall glass panes that opened onto a terrace, which overlooked the canyon below. 
There was a strange mix of medieval and modern motifs going on in the chamber, what with the torches hanging from the walls and the plush leather sofas by the fireplace. I was stunned, and yet somehow it felt familiar. “What is this place?”
“The Mansion in the Mountain; it was your father’s home, one of them anyway,” he explained, following a step behind me. “They completed construction about a hundred years ago.”
This was not some hole carved into the side of the mountain; it was a hidden fortress, fit for a king. Artemis trotted over to rub my leg and I bent down to pet her. “How is this place possible?”
“With enough time and money, almost anything is possible.”
I turned around slowly, taking everything in. There was a bearskin rug in front of the fireplace, the deer and stag heads mounted on the wall along with four sets of bull’s horns and a pheasant. They all seemed familiar. I turned back to Michael, “Have I been here before?”
He looked at me for a long moment before giving his answer. “You were born here.”
“What?!” I always assumed I was born in a hospital. It never occurred to me to think I wasn’t.
“They didn’t move you to Novica until you were four, if I remember correctly. They still brought you here periodically until you were seven.”
“I remember being here, and being in the mountains, but I don’t remember the secret entrance.”
“They blindfolded you, or you fell asleep on the car ride.”
My mind was racing. I’d seen my birth certificate, and that it said I was born at Novica Community Hospital. I was even more certain that my mother had pointed to the hospital, driving by when I was still small, telling me “That is the place you were born.” Was she conditioning me? If I was born here, then the only conclusion I can make is she knows everything.
Michael brought me back to the present. “Sam, I know you have questions, but I need to go. The Hopper will take me another thirty minutes into the future as it is, I don’t want to keep Jayden waiting any longer.”
He had a good point. “Right, go and bring her back in one piece.”
He pushed up his left sleeve and began twisting the dial on one of the Hoppers. “Make yourself at home, it is yours.” He gestured to the archway at the end of the room opposite the fireplace, “The kitchen and the rest of the house is through there. Artemis can show you around.”
Suddenly, the thought of sitting and waiting became unbearable. “Take me with you, I can help.”
“No, Sam, you can’t. It’s too dangerous as it is.” He took off the Hopper he was fiddling with and handed it to me. “Put this on.” I did without question. “If somehow you need to escape, and you can’t get back to the car, pull up on the face of the dial, twist it clockwise until it stops and push it back down. Then click the buttons at the top and the bottom twice at the same time.”
“I thought I was safe here.”
“You are ... you should be. This is just in case.” Michael was apparently the man with a back-up plan for his back-up plan. He handed me my car keys, “You’ll land in your car, an hour in the future. I left the receiver in it a week ago.” 
“That’s good to know, I guess.”
“When Jay and I come back, it will take another forty minutes. So, depending on how long it takes for me to get to her… I’ll be gone at least an hour and a half, hopefully no more than three hours.”
“Where are you landing?” I had this terrible feeling, like I might not see him again.
His reply was, “In the middle of the lion’s den.”
I was not reassured. “What if you don’t come back?” 
“If more than twenty-four hours pass, go to the library and ask if there is an envelope for Ms. Harper. You’ll find instructions inside.” 
I realized then how scared I was, not just for Jay, but for him. “Be careful.”
His mouth twisted into his characteristic smirk, exuding confidence. “Nothing’s stopped me from coming back to you before, and I’ve had to deal with worse than this.” He leaned in to kiss my cheek, but I turned my face and caught his lips ever so briefly with mine. “Be back soon.” He winked at me and tapped the buttons on one of his Hoppers. With a flash of light, he was gone.


CHAPTER 10
09/24/2006:
Shadows of the Past


For the next thirty minutes Michael would not exist. He was gone somewhere that was not here, or anywhere, until he reappeared at his future destination. That thought not only contorted my mind in ways I had never imagined, it also made me feel suddenly very alone. 
The nerves in my lips were still firing off from the sensation of his kiss and I bit at the lower lip in an attempt to taste it again. Then I remembered Bailey and felt guilty. 
Artemis came and rubbed up against my leg, reminding me I was not as alone as I felt. I scooped her up from the floor. “Well, Puss, what do you think of this fine mess we’re in?”
The obnoxious creature merely purred in contentment with herself and arched up to head butt my chin. She allowed me to hold her a few moments and bury my face in her fur. Then she twisted and turned to jump back out of my arms and padded away toward the hallway, so I followed.
The lights were motion-activated; they came on as the cat passed under the archway and beyond. I could see several darkened doorways down the hall; she turned into the first one, and it lit up as well.
I followed her, and found an ultra-modern kitchen, with stainless steel electric appliances, and sleek black granite counters. I was concerned about what condition any supplies might be in, as I had no idea how long this place had stood empty.
Upon exploring the pantry, I found a variety of canned and dried goods, all well within their shelf life. Michael, I assumed, checked and restocked provisions periodically. I grabbed a can of chicken soup, and some tuna for Artemis. After opening a few drawers and cabinets I found a can opener, saucepan and the dishes I needed. I put the soup on the stove to heat up, and dished the tuna out on a plate for Artemis. 
I scratched her back while she settled down to eat, “I suppose there’s cat food in there too, but you’ve earned a treat.” Her tail twitched back and forth in contentment. “So do you have any other tricks you’d like to show me today?” She cocked her face up toward me, licking her chops, and very distinctively shook her head at me to say no, then went back to her plate.
“Good. I’ve had all I can take for one day.” I opened the fridge, and to my delight I found it freshly stocked with Pepsi, wine, and various perishables that had not yet perished. 
I noticed a phone on the wall, and thought about Bailey again. I picked up the handset and heard the dial tone. Not knowing if the number would show up on caller ID, I punched in *67 before his number. “Please be voicemail, please be voicemail,” I chanted as the phone rang. 
On the fifth ring his prerecorded voice greeted me, “I’m not available right now, leave your name and number and I’ll get back to you.” I hung up instead of leaving a message, realizing not enough time had gone by yet for me to have flown somewhere.  
My soup was boiling, so I turned off the stove, and poured it into a mug. Artemis finished eating, and moved toward the hall, meowing insistently. I followed her, soup in one hand, Pepsi in the other. 

***

Artemis led me past two more rooms and into one that I recognized at once, my bedroom. Memories of my earliest years, long pushed into the recesses of my mind, burst forth, bringing with them a rush of emotion. My father singing me lullabies in his lovely tenor, my mother brushing and braiding my hair, both of them reading to me, sometimes taking turns and supplying funny voices for the characters. 
I continued down the hall, pausing to peer into my mother’s sewing and music rooms along the way.
The door to the room at the end of the hall, which must have been my father’s study, was locked. I noticed the small blue screen on the wall next to it, and instinctively placed my index finger in the center. The door clicked, and this time opened when I pushed on the handle. 
The walls were lined with books and maps, and there was a large desk with an executive leather chair before a fireplace. Busts of Newton, Einstein and various other scientists were on pedestals throughout the room. Everything was exactly as I remembered it, exactly as my father had left it.
I crossed the room, remembering my father reading to me for hours on the couch in the corner. I sat in the chair at his desk, set down the mug and ran my fingers across the smooth wooden surface, wondering about the secrets my parents had kept from me. There was a reason for this place, a purpose to it remaining hidden. Michael had indicated that they had to disappear from the Society, but the whole thing seemed more than a little extreme.
My father used to write at the desk, in a leather-bound journal that I knew would be somewhere within. I began searching the drawers, and I found the expected things like pens, pencils, rulers, some photographs of me as a child, but no journal. I used to play around in the knee space under the desk, and on a hunch, I slid down under the desk. I found a compartment behind the center drawer which popped open when I pushed on the panel and the journal slid out into my hands. 
I settled back in the chair, and took a few gulps of my soup before I opened the book. I was almost afraid to look inside. Really, I don’t know what I was expecting. 
A play-by-play narrative of the events that led me to that point would have been too much to ask for. Page after page was filled with notes in my father’s chicken scratch, most of which I could decipher though it appeared to be in code. As I turned through the pages, I also found various sketches of my mother and me, lists of names and places they apparently used and lived in before I was born.
Flipping through the journal for the second time, I was beginning to worry about Michael and Jay. The three hour mark was soon approaching, and just as I was figuring out some of the notes were names and dates of enemies making their appearances, I noticed a change in the air pressure in the room. 
I was on my feet running down the hallway in time to see the flash of light from the Great Hall. They appeared out of my line of view, and I heard Michael groan in pain before I saw them.
He was already headed toward me, carrying an unconscious Jayden over his shoulder, her limbs dangling free like a rag doll. There were cuts and bruises on his face and hands, the left lens of his sunglasses were shattered. I stepped aside so he could pass, and noted there was a lot of blood on his black clothing. I was afraid to ask, “Is she...?”
“I put her out so that I wouldn’t have to explain the whole Hopper thing. She should stay out for at least another hour.” He turned into a bedroom and I followed. “She appears to have been unharmed. When I found her, she looked at me and said ‘Please tell me Sam sent you.’” He laid Jay down on the bed. “I told her you did and that you were safe, waiting for us. Then I stuck her in the arm, and here we are.”
“Something else happened,” I stated the obvious, looking at him with concern. “You’re covered in blood.” 
He grinned. “Most of it isn’t mine.”
I moved closer to look at the cuts on his face; I took his sunglasses and brushed the hair back from his forehead, “You should let me clean those.”
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry.” He limped back toward the hall, “Let her sleep, I’ll meet you by the fireplace in a few minutes.”
I caught his arm, “Thank you.”
“You don’t have to thank me.”
“You saved my best friend’s life.”
“I should have prevented her from being in danger.”
“Michael....”
He kissed my forehead, said, “I’ll see you in the other room,” and then he disappeared down the hall.


CHAPTER 11
09/24/2006
Confessions


I paced around in front of the fireplace, waiting for Michael. He and Jay we both fine, and I had one less worry on my mind. It was time for Michael to finally give me some real answers. There was more to all of this than a magical fruit that could heal injuries and reverse the aging process. There had to be.
Ten minutes, maybe a few more, went by before Michael emerged from the hall.  He had one bottle of wine, two glasses and zero signs he had been in an altercation. I smiled, knowing he had eaten some of the fruit to heal himself. He gestured for me to sit, so I took the chair to the right. He poured us both a glass of wine before he took the chair to my left and looked toward the fire.
I was tired of waiting, “I know you’re still holding something back, Michael.” He drank his wine in two big gulps while I waited some more. “The whole truth, now, please.”
He set down his empty glass, and ran both hands through his hair, sighing before he leaned forward to rest his elbows on his knees. “Ever since the other night in the alley, I’ve been trying to figure out how to tell you everything. Hell, I’ve probably been thinking about it since before you were born; how to make it all make sense, because it still doesn’t entirely make sense, even to me.” He paused, and I could see he was searching for the words. “There’s no other way to put it,” he finally said to the floor, “I was born in the year twenty-one sixty-one.” He looked up and locked eyes with me.
I heard the words, but my brain did nothing with them, they just hung there in my ears. Rather than processing the impossibility of what he’d said, I chose to take note of how striking his eyes were without the glasses. I stared into them for a long moment before I finally blinked.
“Sam,” he pressed gently, “I’m from the future.”
I blinked again. 
“So was your grandfather.”
“Excuse me?” I really didn’t think I’d heard him right. “Did you just say...?” I couldn’t finish the sentence; it was too out there, even for me.
He gave a deep sigh, and said, “Sam, I know it seems impossible, but I promise you, I couldn’t make this shit up if I wanted to.” He took a drink from his glass; I stared until he went on. “Think of it like this, when Heinlein tried to publish Rocket Ship Galileo, there were no takers because it was ‘too out there.’ But someone did print it, in -”
“Forty-seven, nineteen forty-seven.”
“Right, and then Starship Troopers, which is far more technologically detailed, came out - wait, I know this one - fifty nine. Two years before the first man in space. Burroughs had the whole A Princess of Mars thing going long before that.”
“I’m pretty sure we would have seen Tharks in the pictures taken from the rover, if they were there.”
He laughed. “Right, no Tharks, or wondrous city of Helium found on Mars yet, as of my time. The, point is that he was dreaming, and writing of space travel only shortly after the Wright brothers made their first flight. Here we are a little over a century later, and entrepreneurs are selling tickets for space flights. Next there’ll be orbiting hotels.”
And I was finally on the same page he was. “What seems impossible today will be possible tomorrow.” 
He nodded, “Which is how I’m here. Man has been writing and dreaming about time travel for centuries, maybe millennia, but the drive to make it a reality came about when the world accepted irreparable damage had been done to the environment - in the early twenty-second century. It was seen as the only way to save the planet, and ourselves.
“Your great-grandparents were the physicists in charge of the time travel project, which was run by the government. Your grandfather - Samuel Clemens Marks…” my gasp interrupted him. “Yes, Samantha Clementine Marquet, you were named after your grandfather, who was, yes, named after Mark Twain.” He shook his head at the expression of astonishment on my face. “Anyway, Samuel followed in his parents’ footsteps, though his true passion was in biochemistry. 
“Generally the UCE - our government in the future - dictates an individual’s path based on aptitude. Samuel was a genius, with everything, but because he was the child of Nathaniel and Sasha Marks, and was so familiar with their work, the UCE determined he should carry it on, and forced him into that project after he completed his studies.”
“That sounds like an awful way to live,” I mused.
“It has some upsides.” He didn’t sound very convincing to me. “It’s not as totalitarian as Brave New World, or We, but yes, many of our choices were made for us. We’re not carbon copy, genetically designed clones though. We still marry and reproduce the old fashioned way, for the most part.”
I raised an eyebrow, “’For the most part?’”
He chuckled. “Another time. Let me see, where to go next. I’m giving you the Cliff’s Notes for right now.
“The first successful mission back in time was sent in twenty-one fifty-eight, just before Samuel left the colony for Earth, to continue his studies. Samuel’s interests were in bio-chemical research, which was his major at the University. The UCE, however, determined that his resources were better spent in the employ of his parents. By day he worked on the time travel project with them, but by night, he was working on something of his own.” He blurted it all out, hardly pausing for breath. 
“The Flamella tree,” I whispered. 
He nodded. “I was eight years old in twenty-one sixty-nine, living in the same colony I was born in on the moon, when your grandfather saved my life, and the lives of many others, from a dangerous plague. He should’ve been heralded as a hero, but instead, out of fear for his life, he fled back in time. I didn’t know it at the time, but he was right to do so.
“The UCE used propaganda to promote Samuel as a traitor to the UCE, and the world, from the minute he left. He became a villain, when he should have been treated as a savior. He sacrificed his future, and risked his life in saving ours.
“For the rest of my life, in that time, the UCE painted him as the devil. He had discovered - and taken away - something they desperately wanted. The problem was the public didn’t know what was taken, or that Samuel had created it. They only told us he had stolen government property and was a terrorist. 
“One story they spread was he went back in time to save Adolf Hitler, in another it was Osa-” He stopped himself, but I was able to fill in the blanks. “Whoops, sorry I don’t want to ruin the surprise. Needless to say, the things that we were told he was plotting would certainly have drastic effects on our present. They turned the mission into a ‘cause for the greater good’ to encourage volunteers to enlist - to leave their lives - and apprehend him.”
“You volunteered?” I asked.
“I was recruited, but yes, I volunteered to go back. They don’t force anyone into that choice; we’re all volunteers.”
“You believed Samuel was a traitor, even after he saved you?”
His expression was clearly remorse. “There was never a hint of doubt, in the future, that Samuel was guilty. The UCE kept his father quiet, and lied to everyone else. When I came back, the truth was nothing like what I expected.”
“Does it ever get boring for you, knowing what’s going to happen next?” I wondered aloud.
He flashed his crooked grin, “I don’t know everything that’s going to happen, just the major stuff. To be honest, world history was not my best subject in school, though I suppose I am more familiar with certain historical figures and events. I’m sure you do the same? Read more about certain people, because they fascinate you?” He smiled at me again with that mischievous sparkle in his eye, “But to answer your question, no, I’m not bored. How could I be with you and your friend around to keep things interesting?”
The slow burning sensation that crept from the apples of my cheeks to my temples told me I was blushing, and I hoped he wouldn’t notice in the firelight. An archer could hit his target miles away with the tension between us on his string. For a fraction of a second, I wondered if I was one of the people he had taken an interest in, but I quickly dismissed the thought; I wasn’t a historical figure.
Just as I was about to scream to break the silence, he continued his story. “I was twenty-eight when I left twenty-one eighty-nine, and reentered the timeline in eighteen eighty-one.” He looked to be about the age he was when he left the future, twenty-eight at most, but some rough math put him just over one hundred and fifty years of age. “When I found Samuel, I found out the truth. The cure he had used to save me and countless others from a plague, brought to our pristine colony by a traveler, was the cause for both his flight and my pursuit.
“Unbeknownst to anyone except the UCE investigators who reported their findings, and those with the highest level of authority in the UCE, was the fact that Samuel had attained his life’s work, and developed a plant bearing a fruit that reversed the effects of aging and cured illness. He developed it in a private project unsanctioned by the UCE, and had only just made his breakthrough when this traveler brought the Antarctica Flu to the moon.
“Those of us living on the colony, having never been exposed to any flu, let alone this new strain they were battling on Earth, were extremely susceptible. More than 75,000 were lost, including Samuel’s mother, before an inoculation was mysteriously presented and the rest were saved.”
“He used the plant?”
Michael nodded, “He had only just discovered the effects of the fruit a few days before the plague broke out. Artemis had recently developed several malignant tumors, and she was declining rapidly. He had tested a few mice, with promising results, and then he tested it successfully on her. The problem was that he didn’t realize the anti-aging effects, since age is less apparent in a cat than it is in humans.
“So when his father ate the fruit, and accidentally bit into the soft fleshy seed, he began to look younger. Then he re-examined Artemis and found that she looked a little younger too, and Samuel realized that he all he needed was the flesh of the fruit. He decided that he should dilute the potency before he used it on anyone else, so he created a serum. Then, he had his friend in the lab - who was already working on the vaccine - claim he engineered it, so the UCE wouldn’t discover the true origin of the serum. Unfortunately, Nathaniel’s signs of rejuvenation were too apparent, and that was what spurred the investigation.”
“Samuel escaped to the past?”
Michael nodded, “With the help of five of his closest friends, they all escaped along with the plant, and his cat.”
“Why wouldn’t they have just followed him to the same place and time and taken him back?” I asked.
“For one thing, time travel from the future is a one way trip; we don’t have a way to go forward.”
“What about the Hoppers?”
“Samuel came up with those after he went to the past. He started working on them in the mid-nineteenth century, I believe. Your father continued his work until they actually worked, sometime in the 1930s. So far, the farthest we’ve gone into the future with them is about seventy-four hours. 
“Samuel was ahead of everyone on everything. His brain never stopped running; much like both of his parents. It was rumored they read him Einstein, Newton and Hawking instead of nursery rhymes as a child.
“In 2169, the Time Project had succeeded in sending five people back in time. Of those, three managed to leave their appointed time capsule. The fourth they determined was killed shortly after his landing, due to news clippings from 1946 about a body that remained unidentified, found under mysterious circumstances. The UCE was able to locate the DNA sample and it was in fact Louis Devareaux. At the time I left, the fifth had yet to be found.”
I leaned forward and poured another glass of wine. After a sip, I nodded for him to continue.
“There were two main issues being researched at the time of Samuel’s escape. The first being that they could only go back in time, not forward, and that was still the case when I left. Samuel was working on that, and fortunately either took all of his research with him or destroyed it before he left. So for ten years, they repaired the Time Apparatus, and for the next ten they have been trying to re-create the work that was destroyed, and that remains their most pressing concern. 
“The second issue was they had almost no control over where they sent the travelers, so they didn’t know where they turned up until after they received the time capsules. But that is where advancements were actually made.
“Afterward, they would review the data, make adjustments, and try again.
“Marks was the first to solve the equation, I guess,” he shrugged. “Forgive me, I can’t explain it in full detail, I’m…”
“I know, ‘a soldier and assassin,’” I cut him off. “I’m not a scientist either, but I’m with you so far.” 
“To put it in terms I understand, he knew where and when he was going. Samuel, and those who went with him, landed in 1513 Europe, just as he planned. During that time, colonization of the New World was beginning. It was easy for them to disappear into the crowds setting sail, and establish new identities for themselves in America. 
“By 1560, the Society was firmly established, and well-equipped to protect their secrets. It was made up of members in various occupations, all amassing fortunes that guaranteed positions of elite social status across America and Europe.”
Artemis jumped up from the hearth and meowed, then headed toward the hall.
“Jayden must be waking up,” he said. “She’ll want to see you.”
“But...” he raised his finger to my lips, silencing them.
“We’re going to have to catch her up, and then I’ll continue.” He took my hand and led me down the hall.

***

Jayden was just sitting up, and rubbing her eyes as I entered the room. Michael hung back by the door. “Hey, you,” I said softly.
She jumped up and threw her arms around me, “OMG I’m so happy to see you.” She was crushing me and not letting go, “I don’t think I’ve ever been so happy to see you before.” She stepped back, now gripping my upper arms hard enough to leave bruises, “Do you know what kind of hell I go through being your friend?”
“I’d do it for you,” I said playfully.
“Only you could have a sense of humor at a time like this.” She looked at Michael over my shoulder, “Well you and him. He’s some piece of work, that one you have right there.”
I raised an eyebrow at her, and threw a glance at him over my shoulder before looking at her again, “Why do you say that?”
“He’s like a super soldier or something. He got swarmed by like ten guys, and they were big, and look, not even a scratch on him.”
“Oh, he had more than just a few scratches, trust me,” I assured her. The Essence of the Flamella tree did indeed work wonders; I could see why the UCE would want it. “So you’re really okay? They didn’t torture you?” I asked Jay as we headed out into the hall. 
“Physically, no, but they did withhold food and water. I thought I would starve....” It must have been the look of horror on my face, she burst out laughing. “Come on, they only had me a couple hours before Mr. Action Hero busted down the door.” 
“Did they get you when you left?” I asked. “Or when you were on your way, in the morning?”
“No, Sam, it was in the morning. They were spying on us, someone was in the hall of the building last night, and I just didn’t pay him any mind. They must have overheard us when I was leaving.”
“They just waited for you to walk back into their trap, and knew I would open the door expecting you.”
“Pretty much.”
As we entered the Great Hall I said, “I’m so sorry Jay, I shouldn’t have involved you.”
She gazed around taking in the room. “Don’t apologize for what those psychos did; you had nothing to do with it.” She turned back to me, and took my face in her hands. “You didn’t involve me, I involved myself. That’s what friends do, they butt in whether you want them to or not.” She planted a kiss on my forehead.
I hugged her again. “I know and I love you for it, I just don’t want you to get hurt.”
She grinned goofily at Michael, “As long as we keep him around I don’t think that’ll be an issue.”
Sometimes I wonder if she takes anything seriously, and sometimes I let it get to me. I decided to give her a pass on the lecture, as she’d just been rescued from my enemies. Still, I had to remind her, “This is all real, Jay.”
“I know it is,” her eyes met mine. “I promise I am taking this seriously. And I did find out some things last night, but first you have to tell me where the hell we are.”
I had to laugh. “Michael do we have another bottle of wine? We need to fill her in a bit.”
He left the room momentarily, while Jay and I dragged a sofa from the side of the room over to the fireplace so we could all sit. Michael returned with a bottle of Merlot, and poured us each a glass before taking a seat in one of the chairs. He and I took turns explaining what was happening, including her trip with the Hopper. 
The first words out of her mouth were, “I got to time travel, and I was unconscious? Not fair.”
Michael chuckled, “Don’t worry; I’m sure you’ll get another chance before this is all over, probably sooner than you think. I promise I won’t knock you out next time.”
“I’m going to hold you to that,” she wagged a finger at him. “But I want to know more about this UCE. What is it exactly?”
Michael sighed, clearly not wanting to discuss them more than he had to. “Its mega-government, pumped up on steroids. The UCE - or United Continents of Earth - evolved out of what you now call the UN and the Security Council. Initially, it did do a lot of good for the world. But, as with anything touched by human influence, it became tainted.”
Jay asked, “When did it form? When did the world unite?”
He gave her half of a sad smile, “I don’t know that it will ever be united, Jay, but the charters that formed the UCE were signed in twenty seventy-four.” 
It was shocking to hear, but he made it convincing enough that we believed him, in his version of the future. There was a pause, and I knew that Jay was only deciding which question to ask next. If I knew her, there were at least a hundred she was debating. 
I broke the silence, taking the opportunity to change the subject, “Jay, we haven’t talked about what you found out last night?”
“Ah, yes,” she sat up, ready to share. “Now is a good time to move on to matters of the present. My research didn’t get as far as I would have liked,” which translated to she fell asleep on her keyboard, “but I did turn up something interesting about Raymond Morrison.”
“What?” Michael and I asked in unison.
“He went to the same high school, and was in the same graduating class as Bailey Collins.”
That was the last thing I thought I’d hear. “You mean....”
“Yes, your Bailey Collins, class of ninety-five, Franklin H.S., Pennsylvania.”
From the look on Michael’s face, I could tell this was news to him too.
Jayden continued, “If they’ve had any association since then, I couldn’t find any trace of it.”
I looked at Michael again, “He didn’t even flinch when Tim Ramirez mentioned his name the other day.”
“No, he wouldn’t. Not if he’s in on it,” Michael concluded. “And if he is in on it, this has all been well rehearsed. If he’s not, he probably wouldn’t even recognize the name.”
Jayden cut in, “Oh, he would recognize the name of his best friend since 1st grade, his partner in his state championship science project.”
Michael frowned. “You’re right,” he took a drink from his glass. “This doesn’t look good.”
I sighed, “It is something to keep in mind, and look further into, but at the present I’m more concerned with these guys dressed like Michael than I am with Raymond Morrison. He’s in jail.”
Jayden finished her glass, and set it on the side table, “At the present I am concerned with what we’re going to eat.”
We headed to the kitchen, and she and I made a plate full of sandwiches while Michael cut some apples and pears. Artemis joined us from wherever she had been napping, and I found her cat food and dishes in the cabinet next to the sink, just like Mom kept the cat food at home.
There was no more conversation, we just ate. We were all so hungry; I wound up making four more sandwiches before we all had our fill.


Chapter 12
09/25/2006
Breakfast at Marion's


Aromas of pancakes, bacon and eggs wafted to my nose from the kitchen; the scents, dancing their way through the closed door and drawn curtains around the bed, made my mouth water before I opened my eyes. I looked at the Hopper on my wrist; it was 6:23 a.m. No one should’ve been awake that early; we were up too late the night before.
I sat up to find not one, but two content fur balls curled up at my feet; Artemis and a long-haired white cat. Clicking my tongue to get their attention, Artemis looked up immediately, but the intruder did not look up until I wiggled my foot next to him. My suspicion was confirmed - it was my mother’s cat, Orion. “What on Earth are you doing here?” I asked him, though he was all white and blue eyed, and had the companion trait linked to those - he was deaf.
Stretching out my hand, I curled my index finger back toward me, our familiar sign to “come.” Both cats got up and stretched before coming to me for a morning scratch. Then they hopped to the floor. Orion’s presence answered the question of who was cooking breakfast in the kitchen. I opened the door a crack for them while I pulled on my jeans and then hurried to follow them down the hall.

***

“Mom?” I turned into the kitchen as she turned away from the stove and toward me, and I came to a screeching halt.
The Mother I recognized from my baby pictures greeted me. “Hello, Sweetheart, I hope you’re hungry.” I saw her two weeks ago - before she left for her cruise - and she looked a young sixty. Now she wouldn’t be mistaken for a day over thirty-five. She sensed my astonishment, “I’m sorry, Honey, I know it’s a shock. Michael did tell you about the Flamella tree, didn’t he?”
“Yes,” I shook my head and stepped forward, smiling, to hug her. “I’m sorry. You look great. I just wasn’t expecting it.”
“I reversed before I got on the cruise,” she explained before I asked. “It was planned because we knew this time was coming.”
“We just hit a few potholes along the road,” Michael had snuck up behind me again. “Mornin’, Marion.”
Mom smiled brightly at him, “Still like your eggs over-easy?” 
“Good memory.”
She shrugged and turned back to the stove, “Three hundred and twenty-four years, still sharp as a tack.”
I stepped back, putting my hands out “Whoa, slow down for the not-so-morning person, okay?” I wished Jayden was up so I would know I wasn’t crazy. “Let’s skip the time travel and Flamella tree until after breakfast.”
“You’re right, Honey. Grab a seat,” she gestured to the table. “Food’s ready.”
We were all sitting down eating when Jayden shuffled into the room with a total case of bed head. She sort of nodded in our direction, but her line of sight went straight to the coffee maker and her feet followed. She poured a cup in the mug Mom left out for her, and put it to her face. I loved the fact that Mom thought to brew a pot for her since neither of us touched the stuff, and apparently Michael didn’t either. 
“Morning, Jay,” I greeted her between mouthfuls of pancakes. Without looking up, she groaned in reply. I knew she wouldn’t budge from the counter at least until she had poured her second cup.  
Mom got up from the table, “Go ahead and have a seat Jayden, I’ll fix you a plate.” Jay shuffled right past her, without even flinching at her obvious transformation and sat down next to me and across from Michael.
Jayden still gave no hint of recognition when Mom returned with her plate and set it before her. I thought perhaps she didn’t recognize that this younger woman was my mother. She mumbled, “Thanks,” and began eating. After a few mouthfuls, she seemed to perk up. “Delicious as usual, Mrs. Marquet, but I was hoping for your French Toast.”
We all kind of looked at her with our jaws dropped, for my BFF was not one to miss things like Mom being twenty years younger and she certainly never missed an opportunity to make a commentary remark. She looked at Mom, then me, and laughed. “I don’t know why you’re surprised that I’m not surprised by this. Your mom knows about the Flamella Tree, duh. By the way, Mrs. Marquet, you look fantastic. Not that you didn’t for sixty....”
“Thank you dear,” Mom smiled, reached over and patted her hand. “Can you do me a favor now?”
“Sure thing.”
“Call me Marion, I’ve been telling you that for the last ten years.”
“If you insist,” she took bite of toast, chewed and swallowed. “I’m just not sure I can get used to it.”
Mom finished her mouthful and asked, “You don’t think you’ll get used to the newer me?”
Jay smiled, “No, calling you Marion.”
My mouth was still hanging open, so I closed it and looked at Michael in consternation. He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. 
As we ate, Michael finished filling Mom in up to this point. They had apparently had several conversations by phone over the last few days, so she really wasn’t that far behind. 
When I finished, I pushed back from the table and gave my belly a little rub. “That was delish, Mom, thank you.”
“Here, here,” Jay chimed in.
Mom wrinkled her brow and waved her hand dismissively, “It was nothing really.” She got up and started clearing her dishes, so we all got up to help. She started the water at the sink, “I’ll wash and Michael can dry. Why don’t you girls go primp yourselves and meet us in the Great Hall?”
“Okay,” we answered in unison, and like sailors who know better than to question a dismissal from KP, we turned and marched shoulder-to-shoulder into the hallway.

***

I didn’t realize how beat up I still felt until I got in the shower. The scuffle in my apartment had resulted in all sorts of aches and pains, but the hot water beating down on me for twenty minutes or so made a big difference. I’d completely forgotten the dried blood in my hair, and had to shampoo three times to get it all out.
By the time I finished, I felt refreshed, but still achy. I wrapped a big fluffy towel around my hair and another around my chest, and went back into the bedroom. There was a fresh set of clothes laid out for me on the bed. I figured Mom took care of Jayden as well, she thought of everything.

***

Jay was notorious for taking a long time to get ready, and I beat her back to the Great Hall for our strategy session, even with my extended shower. Mom and Michael had taken the chairs, so I sat on the couch. They just looked at each other for a long time, so I decided to open the conversation. “Are you two trying to communicate telepathically now or what?”
Jayden snickered, entering the room. “Don’t tell me you’ve got more tricks up your sleeve,” she teased.
Mom sighed and shook her head, “You girls....”
“Thank you!” I jumped up, and went to hug her. “There you are.”
“What are you talking about?” She laughed.
“You’re acting like my mother again.”
She smiled and smoothed my hair, “That will never stop. Now, Michael and I think we’ve figured out what we’re dealing with this time.”
I sat back down. 
Mom continued, “Michael recognized the man in the car and the one in your apartment. One was from the last envoy before him, and the other was scheduled for two missions later. That they were both in the same time so close together means that the future has improved their plotting arrival points. The second team obviously met up with the first after the future knew that Michael had turned against them.”
Michael’s face bore shadows of guilt, “If I never left the first message, they might’ve assumed that I died on arrival, or in transit.”
“Does that happen?”
He nodded, “Yes, there’s been a few that didn’t make it. If I’d been one of them ...”
Mom rolled her eyes at him, “Michael you have got to stop with that. You were raised on what the UCE wanted you to believe, you didn’t know the truth yet.”
I was puzzled, “What do you mean?”
Michael sighed, “I followed my instructions; I left my first time capsule with my findings in my first week after I arrived. I reported where we were, the date, and that Samuel had a son. I did not know that his wife, Vivienne had succumbed to influenza only moments before Samuel arrived with the Essence, the fruit of the Flamella tree, which saved Daniel.”
“That was around sixteen fifty-eight, if I’m not mistaken,” Mom chimed in. “Your father was twelve at the time.” 
“When did you meet Dad?” I asked her.
“It was early in the year, 1701, and that is a story I promise to tell. You’ve heard a modernized version but basically the same, only I picked him up in a horse-drawn wagon, not a T-bird. But right now, we’ve got to stay on track.”
Michael cleared his throat before continuing. “The man who was following us in the car was known to have landed in 2004 when I left. He and one other member of the six man team evaded The Shadow Watch, and disappeared having never reported back any usable intelligence.”
“Do you think your appearance in their timeline changed that in the future?” Jayden asked, wide-eyed. I could tell she was absorbing all of this like a dried out sponge that landed in a puddle. 
“Yes, in fact, that’s most likely how the other team came to be here, now, in our present.”
Jayden nodded in agreement, “Sounds like that would be likely.”
“The man in your apartment was to be on the second team to be sent after me, which they had reduced to four as of when I left.”
“So that makes six of them?” I thought I was keeping up pretty well.
“At least, more subsequent teams could have been sent to join them.” Michael conjectured.
“Isn’t that a pleasant thought,” Mom said. 
“It’s not like they can send an army,” Jayden added. “They have to be mindful of the fact that every person they send back is potentially a risk to the future as they know it.”
Michael smiled at her, “Which is why they haven’t sent an army. Believe me, they would if they could.” He turned to my mother, “We have to go to the Society, Marion. It’s the only way.” 
Mom was adamant. “No Michael, Daniel insisted under no circumstances were we to go there.”
“And I swore to him that I would protect you and Samantha by whatever means necessary.”
Jayden and I looked at each other, her expression asking me what the argument was about, I shook my head because I didn’t get it either. “Why wouldn’t Dad want us to go to the Society for help?”
Mom got up and started pacing around before the fireplace, “Because he took the original Flamella Tree from them and hid it. They’re still holding a grudge.”
“Why would he do that?”
“For the same reasons Samuel had to leave the future - to keep from having it fall into the wrong hands.” She stopped, looking into the fire, continuing with her back to us. “The fruit of the Flamella Tree is called the Essence, as is that of the three offspring of the original tree. The Essence from all four trees will heal injuries, and can maintain your physical age if consumed regularly. But only the Essence from the original Flamella tree produces a seed that can reverse the aging process, as it did in me. To the Society, it is known as the Philosopher’s Stone.
“Samuel named the tree after Nicolas Flamel and his wife Perenella. As the story goes, they are believed to have been alchemists who devoted an extensive amount of time to their quest to produce the Philosopher’s Stone, which, at that time, was believed to be the key to immortality.”
“Some believe they completed their work.” Michael interjected.
Jayden was eating it up. “Did they?”
Mom laughed. “If they did they are better at hiding than we are apparently.”
“You’ve never met them then?” I asked.
“No,” Mom shook her head, “Samuel named the tree while he was still in the future, after their legend. That is really the extent of their significance. The fruit of all of the trees can heal and maintain the current age of he who consumes it. But it took two bites of the seed from the original tree, the Philosopher’s Stone, to make me this much younger.
“That is how powerful the Flamella Tree is. When your grandfather realized this, he immediately made plans to hide in the past and to protect it no matter the cost. He vowed he would destroy it rather than allow it to fall into the hands of the UCE, at least as long as the current leaders were in power.
“You see, the tree was not something intended by nature - by God. While Samuel’s intentions in creating it were altruistic, the UCE was working on a similar project for their own intentions, which are not so benevolent.
“Samuel hoped by fleeing to the past, he would be able to give himself time to figure out how to deal with the UCE. He managed for more than four hundred years to kill, evade or enlist their assassins, no offense to present company.”
“None taken,” Michael smiled. “You know as well as I do how far I’ve left that life behind.”
“Yes,” Mom stared almost through him, “I suppose I do. Sometimes I forget you were sent here to kill us.” She broke his gaze, looking back to me. “You have no idea how this man has sacrificed for our family over the last hundred years.”
“I wouldn’t be alive today if it weren’t for Samuel,” Michael said. “I didn’t know it at the time, I got the vaccine like everyone else, but he gave it to me personally. And I was among the first, I was very ill and he was adamant about getting the vaccine out to all of the children and those worst affected first.”
Mom smiled at him, “Well I for one am glad he did.”
“I’ll second that,” Jayden added. “I wouldn’t have been able to get out of that mess without you, Michael. I am in your debt.”
“Yes, you are,” he agreed with an impish grin. 
“Eh-hem,” Mom cleared her throat. “We need to stay on track here.”
“Isn’t the Society part of what Michael is supposed to protect me from?” I asked.
“They are, in a way, but they aren’t looking to kill you. They only want to use you to get to the Flamella Tree.”
“But I don’t know where it is.”
Mom sighed, “You don’t yet, but you will. And that is why, despite your father’s misgivings, they may be our only option right now. You’re very valuable to them, but only if you’re alive.”
“So we are in agreement then?” Michael asked.
Reluctantly she answered, “Yes. We have no other choice. They have the resources we need.”
Suddenly I was hit with a rush of panic. “Wait! What day is it?”
“It’s Monday, Sweetheart.”
“My book!” I’d completely forgotten. “I’m supposed to have it to Dave by 5:00 p.m.!”
Mom waved her hand at me, “Oh, Mr. Grier has granted you an extension until tomorrow. You have plenty of time.”
I stopped my jaw mid-drop, “How did you manage that?”
“I called him, silly girl.”
I was horrified. How could she call my agent? “You did what?”
“Its fine, Sweetheart, Dave and I go back a long time.”
Now I was flat out terrified, “What does that mean?”
“Well he’s a member of the Society, or rather one of the defectors in our service, like the Zhous.”
“Who else in my life is part of this charade?” Now I was angry. My agent was one of the people who owed my father his longevity, no wonder he wanted to get my book published.
Michael came to Mom’s aid, “Sam, it’s not what you think. Your book, what you call ‘Footsteps’ now, was published before. I read it in the future.” All I could do was blink at him. “You had a different agent, and yes, we did place Dave Grier for your protection, but your book, and all of the others you will write, is all you.”
At that point I’d had my fill of veils being lifted; I wanted the wool back over my eyes. I longed to be the little girl who would go curl up with her father on the leather sofa in the study at the end of the hall, and fall asleep with her head on his lap as he read to her. The weight of all I learned in the previous forty-eight hours crashed down on me, and I felt so far away from the self I was two days ago, two centuries could have passed. The room was suffocating me. “I need to go lie down,” I declared, and left the room.


CHAPTER 13
09/25/2006
A Sulky Afternoon


Around one o’clock, Jayden finally stuck her head in the room. “I come bearing a white flag in the form of a lunch tray.”
“Uh,” I groaned from under the sheet I’d pulled over my head.
She placed the tray on the bedside table, and sat down next to me, “Come on, it’s time to get up and going, we’ve got things to do.”
“Really, do tell. I’m sure they’ve given instructions on how the next fifty years or so are supposed to go by now, right?”
She pulled the sheet away from my face, “Samantha Clementine Marquet, for as long as I’ve known you, you’ve chased adventure. You’ve been searching for something, and now you know what that is - the Society and all of its secrets. These are the things that motivate you. So what if your parents had to protect you? Now you know, and now you get to take control of your life.”
“But do I really? So what if I know?” I sat up, and looked around for my smokes. “I still have to play by their rules, don’t I?” I found them on the night stand, and lit one. “What if I don’t want to be a part of the Society? What if I don’t want to live forever?”
Jay didn’t have a snappy comeback for once. She tossed up her hands, “I don’t know what to tell you, Sam.” She took a cigarette and lit it, exhaling slowly. “Whether or not we realize it, we’re all waiting for something to come along in life we can be a part of, something that feels real enough to have a meaning of its own - something we will only recognize when it is before us. When they grabbed me yesterday morning, I knew this was my something.”
I rolled my eyes at her, “You’re the one talking crazy now.” 
“No, I mean it. Whatever is going on here is way bigger than even you can imagine. Time travel, secret societies, money, and power - that’s what this ultimately comes down to, a struggle for power.”
“Yes, but, Jay, it’s a struggle that doesn’t take place for another hundred and sixty years.”
“Sam, it’s a struggle that’s going on right now. Don’t you get it? Our present is their past, but they are reacting and changing our present, so it’s happening now and then. Oh, it hurts to think about it.” She put the back of her hand to her head, dramatically. “It’s all for the plant, which yes, plays a role in the struggle in the future. But what if the wrong people get a hold of the damn thing now? Think of what will happen? They would commercialize it, sell it in a bottle, people would live longer and probably continue to reproduce even more. All ailments cured? I can see the infomercials now.”
“No,” I countered, “only those with ailments who can afford the highest price tag. With only one tree, I sincerely doubt the masses would find themselves in a position to afford indefinite life.”
“Sam, either way, the planet is already too overpopulated, if this stuff got out now, we would have nowhere to go. If everyone alive today were to live even twenty years longer than they do now, it would be catastrophic to the planet. At least in a hundred and sixty years, they’ll have the Moon and Mars to go to, to redistribute the population.”
I called her out on changing the subject. “So now this is about going green? Saving the planet?”
“No, it’s about saving you, and the planet, too. I don’t know what I’m babbling on about, all I know is this is something important and we have to do what we can.”
“How about if I do like George Washington did?” I suggested.
“What? And chop down the Flamella Tree? Samuel will still create it again, and I’d be willing to bet that if anyone from the Society makes it that long, they’ll be sure he doesn’t come back for you to destroy it.” 
“If he never comes back, then I don’t exist.”
“That’s why we’re going to make sure that he does come back, and you’re not going to chop down the tree.” She sighed. “That whole cherry tree thing is a myth, by the way.”
“I’m sure someone in the Society was there, we can ask them,” I snapped.
Leaving the door open for her to shift subjects again, she asked, “Have you even thought about who is a part of this Society? I mean, there are more than just the Travelers from the future. What if Washington is among them himself?”
I couldn’t hold back the snort that came in response.
She persisted, “I’m serious. If I could go back in time and keep anyone alive forever with me....” She looked up, drifting off into thought.
“I know, you would take Lennon, Huxley and Socrates.”
“Ha! And you would take Indiana Jones.”
“It has to be a person who actually lived, not a fictional character. And Harrison is still alive, so no time travel needed.” We pondered a moment over the wonders the Essence of the Flamella tree could do; at least, I know I did. “I don’t even know where this tree is, so what do I have to offer the Society that would ensure our protection?”
“Sam, honestly, I don’t know any more than you do right now. Except that Michael said you could boot up that computer on the desk and access your home computer files, if you still want to send that email to Dave Grier.”
I can access my home computer from here. What doesn’t he think of? “Well, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised.”
“No, you really shouldn’t,” she put her hands on her hips. “He knows you better than me, and I’m pretty tough to beat.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. “That’s actually more than a little scary.”
“Yes,” she started to back away slowly, “it is.” Reaching the threshold she paused and gestured toward the computer, “I’m going to leave you to it now. Whenever you’re ready, we’ll be waiting for you in the Great Hall.” She left, closing the door behind her.

***

By three fifteen, I’d emailed Dave, with a post script that read “By the way, Mom says ‘Hello’.” He would know I was finally in on the secret. I wondered about who else I knew that might be a part of the Society, planted in my life. The only people I could say with one hundred percent certainty were not, were those I’d known as children, like Jayden, Tim, and anyone else I’d known since elementary school. And another thought struck me, even those I knew as children may have been recruited into the Society as adults. So much for one hundred percent sure, I was better off being one hundred percent unsure of anything.
In the Great Hall, I found Mom, Michael and Jay gathered, rather chummily, on the bearskin rug in front of the fire. Jayden was in the middle of a rather lengthy anthropology anecdote I had the pleasure of hearing her recite before, so I wandered unnoticed to the terrace door.
The handle turned, the door swung open effortlessly and I was outside overlooking the canyon below. In the center of the terrace was a large circular planter at the center of which was rooted a beautiful twenty foot tall tree. One of the three offspring of the Flamella Tree, its branches outstretched like open arms waiting to welcome me home. 
I remembered learning to climb on that tree, and when I closed my eyes I could see the smaller version of myself, happily cradled on one of the lower branches with my back against the trunk, playing with my dolls. Long oval leaves, each about the width of my adult hands, grew in clusters, protecting the delicate fruit that matured underneath. 
About the size of my fist and similar to a pear in shape, but with skin more the texture of a peach, the color of the Essence resembled neither. It was a deep purple with bluish undertones, but where the light struck it the skin was translucent, and I could see the red flesh within glowing through. 
My mother’s hand on my shoulder brought me back to the moment, though I wasn’t sure that I could call it reality, yet. “You told me to never eat the fruit,” I murmured.
“Yes, we did.”
“Why?”
She smiled, “You were young. You didn’t need it yet.” She went to the tree and picked one of the fruit from the lowest branch. “You can eat it now though, if you like. It will heal your aches.”
I thought before I ate. “Does it make you feel different?”
“Rejuvenated, perhaps, but no, not different.” She smiled as I bit into it. 
It tasted like everything I loved about every fruit I’d ever eaten, with undertones of chocolate at times and vanilla at others. Each bite was slightly different, but even more delightful than the last. Not too sweet, not too tart, it was the most divine thing my taste buds had ever experienced. After just three bites, I felt no aches or pains and was full of energy. 
It was more than just energy, all of my senses were heightened, I was aware. And I understood how Michael got by with so little sleep. He ate the fruit.
I devoured the remainder greedily, licking the juice from my fingers, until all that remained was the seed in my palm. It was a golden greenish color, and looked like it would taste nutty. “So nothing happens if I eat this one?”
“No, Dear, not that one,” she said dreamily, coming back to me from wherever her thoughts had taken her. “But not much would happen for you even if it was a Philosopher’s Stone, you’re still so young.” 
“But you do save them for healing purposes?” I asked while handing it to her.
She slipped it in her pocket. “Yes, it can be dried and put to powder form. It lasts longest that way, and can be applied directly to a wound or ingested.” She put her arm around my shoulders and said, “Come, we should join the others.”


CHAPTER 14
09/25/2006
Hopping


Mom sat me on the couch next to Jayden, and moved to help Michael arrange a number of items he was laying out on the table before us. Among them I recognized several Hoppers, a couple of guns and cell phones. I had no idea what the other devices were.
“First the Hoppers,” Michael distributed one each to my mother and Jayden, and two to me. “Sam, you still have the one to your car - the dark blue one?” I nodded. “Good. Now we all have one that will bring us here, that is the chrome finish. Sam, the green one will take you to Zhou. Use that only if something has happened to me.”
“Zhou?” That shocked me. “How is he going to protect me?’
“That little old man is the deadliest weapon I’ve ever had in my arsenal,” Michael said. “He and Mrs. Zhou are black belts in multiple forms of martial arts. They know more ways to kill a man with their bare hands than I have bullets in my gun.”
I was still skeptical. “But I’ve seen him walk across a room....”
Mom laughed, and said, “Don’t let their age fool you, they both have enough of the Philosopher’s Stone at hand to make them younger than you at a moment’s notice. They were underground for over a decade before they resumed a public life this time around; this one has been good to them and they want to enjoy it as long as they can.”
It was hard enough to picture the Zhou’s as having ever been young, let alone to imagine them becoming young again. But here was my mother, forty and fabulous again, so who was I to question it? I nodded at Michael to continue.
“Jayden, I wasn’t planning on you being here - I don’t have a phone for you yet,” he explained as he passed the two cell phones to Mom and me. “That is a secure line, untraceable, it can’t be tapped. Use it when you need to reach me, or communicate with each other about all of this.
“In order to induct you into the Society, and receive their assistance, the Council of Elders must be called together. It could take as little as a day, or as long as a week, depending on where they are. In the meantime, we return to Novica, and get ready ourselves.
“Marion will go by ‘Mary’ publicly from here on out. She’s your cousin, just moving to town.”
“I’ll ‘stay’ at the house at first, but I’m thinking of moving to the cottage on Second St,” Mom said. It was one of the various properties around Novica she owned.
Michael continued, “When it’s time to go to the council we’ll tell Bailey that your mother is ill. Then we’ll have a memorial service for her when we return.”
“And you think this is going to work, just like that?” They’re crazy!
“We’ve done it dozens of times before, dear,” Mom smiled sweetly. “Why would this time be any different?” 
Jayden voiced what I was thinking, “One of the conspiracy groups? They’ll use some computer technology or something to show that your facial structure is the same, or get DNA samples, or something. No one outside of the Society has had that kind of technology until now.”
“But why would anyone go to all that trouble?” Mom asked. “To prove what, that I’m still alive? I don’t see why they would bother.” She didn’t see what we did. She wasn’t from the future.
Michael understood. “To out you, to prove their theories exist. For many members of the Brotherhood, their quest has become a religion. As much as they want to get their hands on the Flamella Tree for themselves, the truly devout would be just as happy to do the media circuit to say ‘we were right.’ That’s what these nut jobs like to do, create misery for other people, to get themselves fifteen minutes of fame.”
“Then, if you think I must, I’ll get one of the surgeons to alter my appearance. I’ve never had to, but....”
Michael cut her off, “I understand where Jay and Sam are coming from, but I really don’t think it’ll be necessary. If I’m wrong, that bridge can easily be crossed,” he assured her.
Mom seemed satisfied with his judgment. She asked, “Have you come up with anything else on them yet, Michael?”
“I haven’t had time, Marion. Your daughter has been keeping me too busy. But Alec and Kristoff did email a summary of what they have so far this morning.
“Morrison does have loose connections to a group known as the Brotherhood of Asclepius - or BOAs. They’ve been trying to uncover the Society for some time. Alec has confirmed the identities of twenty-three other members in the state, sixteen more in the country and so far seven internationally. They are researching a list of at least three hundred others, but that list keeps growing. The group appears to have organized about nineteen years ago. Morrison is not one of the ringleaders, but his cousin Eric Morrison may be one of the original members.”
“Why does that name sound familiar to me?” I asked.
“He’s a Congressman. Representative Eric Morrison, Nevada.” He paused briefly for the collective gasp before continuing. “While he was in college, he was a very active member, but he’s out of almost all of their operations now. He keeps tabs on what’s going on, but the appearance is that he doesn’t even know he’s related to Raymond. They seem like strangers.”
“But this group formed before my father died?”
“Yes,” Michael answered.
“Could they have been involved?” I saw a quick exchange of glances between Michael and Mom that gave me a chill.
“No, Honey,” Mom shook her head. “That was another team from the future.”
“How do you know?”
“They had the mark.” Michael responded with a flat tone.
“I see.” Then I asked, “Did you find any evidence as to whether or not Bailey is involved?”
“Not yet.”
That gave me some piece of mind. It sounded like Alec and Kristoff were proficient enough to have proven Bailey was in contact with Morrison by now, if he was. I took the lack of news as a good sign.
“Now, let’s talk about the next few days. Sam and Jayden, you both will be going for some target practice,” Michael handed one of the guns to Mom, “before I give either of you a gun. ‘Mary’ will get settled in, and then will help me make preparations. Marion, we need your considerable influence to get the Council to help us.”
Mom nodded. “I can start making phone calls on the drive back, as soon as we get out of the canyon.”
“That’s what I was hoping for. All right then, let’s close up and get out of here.”

***

We gathered our belongings, Artemis and Orion, and met up in Dad’s study. Michael gave directions, “Everyone join hands,” which the three of us did. I was in the middle holding Jay’s hand on my left and Mom’s on my right. 
Mom put her hand on Michael’s left shoulder, “Ready.”
He pushed up his right sleeve this time, twisted the face of a green Hopper, and we all became one with the light together. We came out of the light together in the cave where Michael and I left the Land Rover the day before. Mom’s other car, a red Camaro, was parked right next to it. According to the Hoppers on my wrist the time was 4:18 p.m., but then I noticed it said the day was Tuesday
“Michael, I don’t think this Hopper is set right.”
“Oh,” he glanced down at the face of the Hopper on my wrist. “No, it’s right.”
“Why does it say it’s Tuesday afternoon?”
“Because it is,” he winked. A whole day was gone, just gone.
“Marion, you want to drop Jayden off? I’ll take Sam back to her car, and we can all meet up at your place later?”
“Sounds good, but why don’t you take the Camaro this time?” She handed me the keys. “I feel better driving my tank on these winding roads.” She kissed my forehead, “We’ll see you soon.” 
Jayden hugged me and then climbed in the Rover, while I took the driver’s seat in the Camaro. Michael opened the secret door from a panel on the wall, and waved Mom through first. I followed, but stopped while he tapped on the panel again, and then ran through the opening, just as it started to close. 
“Ready?” I asked.
He waited until the secret entrance was completely concealed again before he responded, “Yeah. Marion has a key, so she’ll leave the gate open, but we have to stop to lock it behind us again.”


CHAPTER 15
09/26/2006
Reality


I guessed Michael’s plan was to let me drive until after he’d locked the gate, but I had no intention of jumping over to the passenger side and letting him take the wheel. I pointed to the passenger door when he walked up to the driver’s side, “Sorry, this seat’s taken.” To me, that stretch of the thirty-nine is a fun drive in any vehicle, and there was no way I was going to let him deprive me of the pleasure of hugging those curves in that car. 
About a mile and a half down, we came up on Mom and Jayden pulled over in a turnout. “Shouldn’t we stop?” He sounded concerned.
I smiled and waved back at Mom as we passed. “No, she was just getting out of the way.”
As we made our way down the mountain, at speeds not recommended in some areas, the sun raced against us, until it dipped beyond view behind the mountain peaks, setting the sky above ablaze with the palette of flames in those last fifteen minutes, before slipping under the blanket of Earth’s horizon for the night. 
“Your mom’s place is secure,” my Shadow Watcher assured me. “I had my team go through it yesterday, they didn’t find any bugs or signs that anyone had been there, and they’ve been watching it ever since.”
“And Jay’s place?”
“Her place had been tossed, shortly after she was taken.”
“Well, that’s good to know.” I was sure his team had gone through my place too. I almost forgot about the mess we left behind.
“It doesn’t appear that anything was missing or damaged. They just wanted to see what she knew.”
“But we don’t know which ‘they’ it was?”
“No. Not yet.”
We drove on for a few more minutes without talking, but once we were back down to the outskirts of civilization, where the road required less of my attention, I was ready to ask more questions. “Tell me more about the Hoppers, Michael. Where do they come from? Do you make them?”
“No, Daniel used to. These days we have most of the components subcontracted through different manufacturers, who have no idea what they are for. They receive instructions; they gather the materials and assemble them. The pieces are then shipped to Zhou, and he inspects them before they are assembled. There are now six different people who can put them together. There were twelve once....
“Your father was the first one lost. The other five have gone much more recently, in the last five years actually. Grier was just saying the other day that we need to train some replacements.”
“Is Dave one of the six left?”
He nodded. “I only know how to program them to the receivers, Daniel taught me that much.”
“Were they all assassinated, like Dad and Samuel?”
“We believe so, though two looked enough like an accident, they may have been.”
“I suppose anything that looks like an accident to others is suspect from your perspective.”
“That about sums it up.” He went on to describe more of the logistics behind them. “The Hoppers can be set to jump forward as short as three minutes time, or as long as three days. But the amount of time that actually passes is also dependent on the physical distance we travel.”
“What?”
“If I’m standing right next to the receiver and my Hopper is set for an hour, I’ll hop one hour. But if I’m, say, a hundred miles away, four or five hours may pass. The numbers guys are still crunching figures trying to make sense of it, sorry.” 
“Sorry for what?” 
“I don’t have a better explanation.”
I shook my head at him. “You’re doing fine. I don’t know if I could process more than what you’re telling me anyway.”
He smiled, and continued, “Once the programming is set, it can’t be changed. Each device is programmed to a specific receiver, and they’re not interchangeable. The receivers themselves never have to be replaced, but the Hoppers are only good for five or six hops total before they burn out. Then, the receivers are swapped out to be programmed with new Hoppers.”
“That sounds like a lot of work,” I remarked.
“It is, which is why it’s not our preferred method of travel.” 
The last mile or two went by in silence. When we found my Blazer where we left it two days ago, I saw the parking ticket on the windshield as I pulled up to park. “Damn.”
“Sorry, I didn’t check the parking restrictions in the area first.” Michael seemed truly apologetic.
“Stop apologizing to me already! It’s really not that big a deal,” I said, smiling at him. “I’m lucky it didn’t get towed. Besides, fifty bucks is a small price to pay for escaping with my life. Dad’s money can pay for this one, since it’s his sort of his fault.”
He smiled, “That’s fair, I suppose.” Then his expression sobered, “He wanted you to have the money, you know, so you wouldn’t have to bartend, and write articles for pennies per word.”
“I know,” I said, and shrugged. I didn’t know how to explain it. “I guess it’s just a stubbornness thing. I want to prove that I can do it on my own. That’s why the whole Dave Grier thing bothers me so much.”
“Sometimes, you are so like Samuel, it’s scary.” I had no idea what that was supposed to mean, but I could see in his eyes that he understood how I felt. “I get it, Sam, honestly I do. But I hope you know the last thing any of us wants is for you to think you’re not in control of your own destiny. You are. I’m just here to make sure that you get to have it, whatever it is that you want.”
It was a heady concept to take in. “I’m getting there, Michael. It’s going to take some time for it all to sink in.” 
“Time is something you now have in abundance.”
We both got out of the car. “See you back at Mom’s?”
“If not sooner,” he winked as he walked around to the driver’s side of the Camaro.
I opened the door to my Blazer. “Seriously, you don’t need to follow me home.” It gave me a little thrill to know that he would.
“I promise I won’t follow you.” He didn’t say he wouldn’t hop there.

***

I parked my Blazer in the carport and opened the door, which Artemis eagerly jumped out of to go take care of business. She knew I would open the balcony door for her when I got upstairs; just as I knew that Michael would be there somewhere, lurking in the shadows, rather than going straight over to Mom’s place, but I wasn’t sure if he would have used a Hopper or not to get there ahead of me.  
I mulled over these technical details of my new world as I walked into the building and up the stairs. As I opened the door to my studio, I thought about the kiss Michael and I shared. I closed the door and banged my forehead on it when I thought about the opportunity I’d missed for another one before I got out of the Camaro. “Stupid.”
“Don’t talk about the woman I love that way,” Bailey’s voice behind me nearly made me jump out of my skin.
Instead I screamed, loudly, then shut my mouth and said a silent prayer that Michael would not come dashing in from the balcony to my aid. Thankfully he didn’t, though I was sure he was out there. “Hi Bail, I wasn’t expecting you. How did you get in?”
“I picked your pocket a couple of weeks ago and had a copy of the key made so I could sneak in and surprise you on such an occasion.” 
Creepy. Unnerving. Red-flag warning. “Ummm,” was all that would come out of my mouth.
He disarmed me with that blindingly brilliant smile, and came across the room to put his arms around my waist and kiss me. I let him, and I felt guilty. Either he had nothing to do with Morrison, or he really was a good actor, or I was just gullible. But at the moment, I was putting on the act, and it had to be convincing, so I kissed him back. If he really wasn’t a part of some conspiracy to uncover the Society, it didn’t feel right for him to be hurt in all of this.
When he came up for air, he said, “I’m sorry, I just missed you.” He held my head against his chest and stroked my hair. “I’m glad you’re home.”
I thought about it, and his timing seemed all too perfect. “How did you know when I would be home? I caught an early flight. I didn’t know I would be home yet.”
“I guess I felt an echo across the universe.” He glanced around behind me. “No luggage?”
Acting quickly, I kissed him again, “I left it in the car,” and one more peck for good measure, “I missed you too.”
We moved toward the couch. I gestured for him to sit as I went to open the balcony door for Artemis. I peeked, and found Michael crouched in the shadows, scratching my cat’s chin. He mouthed one word, “Hurry,” before I turned back to Bailey.
Joining him on the couch, he immediately pounced on me, and I not so gently pushed him away. “Slow down there, big boy. Can a girl catch her breath?”
Then he got angry again, like the other day, “Excuse me for wanting to spend some time with you. I don’t get it, Sam. What’s going on? I told you a week ago that I want to spend the rest of my life with you, and it seems like you have been pushing me farther and farther away ever since.”
“Bailey, it’s been a long week....”
“I know, you were attacked, and then you had your assignment. You didn’t have time for me, but I did notice you had time to make your shift at The Keg. Planning on going in tomorrow? Couldn’t possibly miss a night of flirting at that dive?”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“I’ve seen you in there, smiling, laughing at jokes that aren’t funny, and flirting.”
“With the dirty old men that come in there? Really, Bailey, you’ve got to be kidding me.”
“Be straight with me, Sam. Are you seeing someone else?”
It’s not like Michael and I had been out on a string of hot dates or anything. “No, Bailey, I haven’t been seeing anyone else. It’s my job to be friendly with customers at the bar - I don’t make tips otherwise! It’s what keeps customers coming back.”
He softened, “Then Raeanne owes you all the business she does have.”
“You’re probably right on that one. That’s probably why she keeps trying to get me to work other nights.”
“You’re not working tonight, right? Let’s go out to dinner.”
I sighed, “Bail, I wish I could, but my cousin, Mary, just flew in from Seattle. I have to go over to get her settled in at my Mom’s. Can I meet you at your place later?”
The disappointment was evident on his face, but mentioning coming over later cheered him right back up, “Sure. When can I expect you?”
“Give me a couple hours at least. Say around nine?”
He kissed me again, and then got up to go, “I’ll be waiting for you,” he winked and then was out the door.

***

As soon as I locked the door, I turned and found Michael sitting where Bailey had been on my couch, with Artemis curled up contentedly beside him. 
“You move fast,” I commented.
He gave me one of his mysterious smiles in return, “The seat was still warm.”
“What if he forgot something and came back?”
“Then I would disappear like the magician I am.”
“Can you make me disappear with you?” I asked. 
He raised an eyebrow. “That depends on what you mean.”
I sat down next to him and shook my head, “I don’t know if I can do this; keep up this act with Bailey. That was like five minutes, and I felt like he could see right through me the entire time.”
“And if he did, I was right outside the window to take him out.”
“That’s not what I want. I mean, I don’t want him hurt, not if he’s innocent. If he’s not, then it’s another story.”
“How do you mean?”
“Have you ever been betrayed, by someone you love?”
“I’ve never heard you say that you love him.”
“I haven’t, I-” I thought about what he said for a second, and the conversation took another turn. “If I had, how would you know?”
“Sam, you don’t want all of the details, do you?”
“Are you saying you hear every word I say, to everyone?”
He put up his hands defensively, “No, not everyone, but we had a strange feeling about Bailey right away. He hit town, headed straight for you, and jumped into your bed. Pardon my bluntness, but most people don’t zero in on their soul mate the minute they move to a new place. So, to answer your question, yes, we have monitored all of your interactions with him. And Annika, a member of my team, is usually the one listening. I’m always near, waiting, but not listening. In fact, I prefer not to know anything about your, shall we say, encounters.”
His eyes gave him away; I saw his discomfort with discussing the intimate side of my relationship. Again, I felt a pang of guilt, and then a flash of anger. Why should I feel guilty over making some guy, I didn’t even know existed until a week ago, uncomfortable? He’s the one spying on me! “You still haven’t answered my previous question.”
His focus drifted away, I could tell his mind was somewhere else. “No, I don’t suppose I have.”
“I don’t know if it’s love, but before all this started, I certainly had feelings for Bailey. He says he loves me, and he asked me to move in.” The surprise on Michael’s face told me it was news to him. Annika must have left that part out. “Then literally two days later, I find out the whole relationship may be a lie? And then I find out my whole life is a lie? I am the one who is hurt and betrayed here, and pardon me for having a hard time making out with someone I want to punch in the face.”
“You want to punch him in the face?” He grinned.
“If he’s a part of this conspiracy, hell yes, I want to break every bone in his body. If not, then I feel really bad for feeling that way. If not, he wants me for me, or then again it might just be because he knows I’m rich.”
“And what scares you more, the thought of him lying about his intentions, or the thought of moving in with him?”
I just sat there a few minutes and looked at the floor, not giving him an answer. The truth was, before I met Michael, I really wasn’t sure how I felt about a future with Bailey - I’d never considered one. After the plans I made with Jeff hadn’t worked out, I focused on living in the here and now and avoided thinking about the rest of my life as much as possible. “I’ll see you over at Mom’s in a little bit. Artemis and I are going to settle in first.”
“Okay,” he said, and then he was gone off the balcony again.
I looked at Artemis, who was contentedly rubbing her head on my shin, “Does he have to disappear like that every time?”
She looked up at me and yawned.
“You’re no help.”


CHAPTER 16
09/26/2006: Strategy Session


I walked in the front door at Mom’s and found her with Michael and Jayden as I expected, but there were two other men and a woman I’d never seen before sitting with them around the dining room table. The pizza had already been delivered, and was almost gone.
Before anyone said anything, I turned around and went back in the kitchen to get a Pepsi, but decided to go for a beer instead when I found them in the fridge. I twisted the top off the bottle and got the first couple gulps before returning for introductions.
Mom got up and pulled out the chair next to her for me. “Sam, this is Kristoff,” I smiled and shook his hand. His light hazel eyes lit up with his smile, and contrasted beautifully with the bronzed glow of his skin. 
“Nice to meet you.” I smiled back, and then I turned to the other man and woman, both blonde and blue eyed. “You must be Alec? And Annika?” Their resemblances went beyond pigmentation.
“His sister, we’re twins.” She smiled brightly at me across the table as she stuck out her hand. “It’s so nice to actually get to meet you in person.”
I took her hand and decided I liked her. “It’s nice to meet you too.”
Michael opened the discussion we’d all gathered. “Everything is in motion. The council has been called together, and we are expected to be at the Chambers by Friday night. That will give us a little time to tie up loose ends.”
Mom picked up where he left off, “We’ll probably get on the road late Thursday.”
“You will give Bailey the story that you are going to care for Marion.” Annika continued. “Tell Raeanne, and now that I think about it, find a reason to bump into that cop friend of yours and tell him too.”
“Tim? Why does he need to be involved?”
“In case he tries to contact you regarding the Morrison case, for one. He’ll know that you weren’t abducted,” she reasoned.  
That made sense.
“For two, it lends credibility to the story, if Bailey happens to run into him,” Kristoff offered.
“Why would Bailey run into him?”
Alec answered, “Because the police are already looking at Morrison’s past, looking for connections in the area, and if they don’t find the blatantly obvious connection from High School, then I will drop it in their laps.”
Jayden asked, “How do you know what the police are looking at?”
This time Kristoff answered again, “Alec is a whiz at getting into secure networks. He sees everything they are doing.”
Alec shrugged, “These systems are so rudimentary, compared to our time. It’s like a grad student going back to pre-school.”
My turn, “You three are from the future too?” 
They gave a joint nod. 
“Did you come with Samuel?” 
They gave a collective head shake, indicating no.
Michael explained, “They are all like me, sent back on a mission based on a lie. That’s why we wear the glasses, so we can identify other Travelers -”
I interrupted, “Travelers?”
“That’s how we refer to anyone who has come from the future.”
“You mean the assassins?” Jayden was seeking clarification.
“Yes,” Annika admitted, “the majority of us were.”
“A handful were sent as observers,” Alec continued.
“The twins forget about the missions that were sent before Samuel,” Kristoff added.
“What were those?” Jayden’s curiosity peaked, as did mine.
“Mostly one-man missions to see if the time machine worked,” Mom explained. “They really aren’t relevant. Only one of them is still alive, and is part of the Society.”
“Donnovan Morcavo, and yes, he was with us from the day after he landed,” Michael finished explaining.
I could tell he was ready for a change in the subject matter, “So what should we pack for this Society convention? What will the weather be like? How long will we be there?” Once I started, I realized I had a lot of questions.
“It will be a bit cooler than here, but nothing too extreme. It’s not like we’ll be outside.” He looked to Mom for her input, she nodded. “I would think we should be done there Saturday, but definitely by Sunday....”
“But there’s no way of telling with them sometimes, so pack for a couple of extra days.” Mom finished for him. “And you will need formal attire for the reception.”
“What reception?” Jay looked horrified. I don’t think she owned a formal dress.
“Oh, there’s always a ball the night before the Council convenes. It’s tradition.”
“So, I should call off for my shift at the Keg tomorrow?”
“Yes,” Michael said, “and let Bailey take you out to dinner instead, since you are departing the next day.”
“Do I have to?”
“Yes,” all six of them replied.
“Fine, then I suppose I have to start spreading my story around town and make my date for tomorrow. Need a ride home, Jay?”
“Sure,” she took the last gulp of her beer, got up and put the can on the counter and her plate in the sink. Then she gave Mom a kiss on the cheek, “Thanks for the grub Marion, see you soon.”
“Yes, my dear, you will.”
And we were off.

***

In the car, Jayden let me see how nervous she really was. “Once we do this, there is no going back, is there?”
I started the car, and turned down the radio. “No, I suppose not.” It was all so confusing. “Oh, I don’t know, I mean, we don’t have to keep eating the fruit. If we want to grow old and die, I suppose we still can.”
She rolled down her window a crack, and lit a cigarette. “Do you think anyone else has? You know had enough, seen it all and just let go?”
I reached out for her to hand me a smoke, and lit it as I reflected. How much time is enough? The fact that we could potentially live for centuries had not sunk in yet, assuming that we didn’t get ourselves killed by one of our many enemies. Will I eventually hit a point where I am done? “I don’t know. I suppose someone has, at some point....” I just trailed off as I hit the button to roll down my window. 
Clearly obsessed, she went on, “After being around for five hundred years, I would be afraid to die.”  
I thought about my father. “Eventually, I think I’d want to see those who’ve gone before me.”
She was stumped on that for a moment. Her parents died in a car accident when she was four, leaving her oldest brother and sister to care for their two younger siblings. Jay, the youngest by eight years, had told me before that she worried about being left behind. She sighed, “I guess maybe you’re right. Then again, the world is always changing, there are always new discoveries, new things to learn.”
“And new ways for humans to cause each other grief and pain,” I sighed. The world is a cruel place; sometimes I get a physical ache in my chest just from watching the news. “I think eventually I will have had enough.” I stopped the car in front of her apartment complex. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
She leaned over to give me a one armed hug. “Let’s not worry about how we’ll feel in a hundred years until we get there, deal?”
“Deal,” we sealed it with a hand shake. 
She got out, but then turned back, so I rolled down the window. She leaned in, and said, “After a couple hundred years or so, if we decide we’ve had enough, we don’t have to wait to get old again to die. We could just end it together.”
“Such dark thoughts.” I grinned at her morbidity. “Jump off a bridge?”
She shook her head, and countered “Skydive with no parachute?”
We shook on it. I watched as she punched in the code for the gate, then counted to twenty, and saw the light on and off three times in her window, signaling she wasn’t ambushed upon entry. I put the car back in gear, and headed to Bailey’s.
My ears detected the faint but familiar intro to a Better than Ezra classic on the radio, and I turned up the volume. I started rocking out, singing along, “’... Watchin’ the sun trace shadows on the floor, searching for signs of life, but there’s nobody home...’” 
The lyrics diverted my thoughts back to moving in with Bailey. I knew it could be Good, living with him, if he wasn’t connected to the BOAs. It would be a safe, content life. But I already knew safe and content wouldn’t be enough, even before Michael stepped out of the shadows. I needed something more.
As the song came to a close, I found an open parking spot right in front of Bailey’s building. Lucky me. 

***

I stuffed my Hoppers in my purse before I used the key Bailey gave to me to let myself in. It was nine thirteen, and I was surprised he wasn’t already blowing up my phone, looking for me.
Once I was inside, his plan was revealed; there were candles lit throughout the room, rose petals scattered on the floor, a bottle of merlot breathing on the table with two glasses standing by. The Kenny G was way over the top, and so not my taste.
“Hello,” I called out, not wanting to sneak up on him.
“Ah, there you are,” he called from the bedroom. “I’ll be right there.”
I turned the music down, then sat down on the couch, but made up my mind right away not to get too comfortable.
Wearing only a pair of silk pajama pants, Bailey came into the room and gave me a million dollar smile. “I’ve been waiting for you.”
It was time to turn on the waterworks. “I know, Bailey,” I sniffled and looked down as I reached out for his hand. “I’m sorry, it’s just,” more sniffling, “I just got some bad news.”
He sat down, the smile vanishing immediately, replaced with a look of genuine concern. “What is it, Babe?”
“It’s Mom - she’s in Canada.” I managed to squeeze out a tear as I looked up at him. “She’s had an, I don’t know, episode is what she called it, on the cruise. She insisted she’s fine, but I have to go to be with her in the hospital, she needs surgery.”
“Oh no, Sam, I’m so sorry.” He pulled me close, and I let him hold me for a minute before pulling back. He smelled of a musky mixture of pine forest and cinnamon.
“I have to pack, and get some of her things....” I dropped my face to my hands and heaved my shoulders a couple of times to add to the effect.
He moved closer, putting his hands on my shoulders, and began massaging the aches away. I was melting at his touch when I felt his lips on my neck, and I jumped right up to my feet.
“Bailey, I’m ... I’m just so worried about Mom ... I can’t do this right now.”
Disappointment was evident on his face, but he relented. “I understand, Sam.” He rose and put one arm around my waist. “Forgive me; I wasn’t trying to push you.”
“I know.” I could not hold back the sigh of relief; it was easier than I thought it would be, to convince him to back off. “But, I should go home and get some rest. I’m sorry; I really shouldn’t have come over after I got that call.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to just sleep here? Let me hold you?”
“As much as I would like that,” and a part of me really would, “I need to let Artemis in, and feed her.”
“We couldn’t leave her to fend for herself for the night, now, could we?”
I noticed a menacing undertone in his voice. Was he jealous of my cat? Was he on to my lies? Was I just paranoid?
His tone was softer when he asked, “Will I at least see you again before you leave?”
“Yes, I’m not working tomorrow. I thought maybe we could have dinner?”
“I’ll pick you up at seven?”
“Okay,” I kissed his cheek before walking to the door. “I’ll see you then.”

***

On my way home, I knew Michael was watching from somewhere in the shadows. How he managed to be everywhere I was, even with the aid of the Hoppers, was amazing to me. I could not imagine devoting my entire life to following someone; it was more than a job, it was a calling.


CHAPTER 17
09/27/2006
Target Practice


In the morning, I stretched and grabbed my can of Pepsi from the fridge before going out on the balcony for my morning smoke. Mentally, I went through my closet and dresser, trying to decide what to wear on a date with my destiny. I wondered if most people had the opportunity to pick out their outfit for the real most important moment of their lives; I’d always figured people came upon it by chance, apparently mine was semi-predetermined.
I’d figured out most of what I needed by the time I put the butt out in the ashtray, so I went back in and started packing. Jeans, boots, and my leather jacket were staples that always served me well, but Mom indicated there would be some sort of formal reception. That would require some kind of skirt and heels - preferably a dress. They said we really wouldn’t need to worry about the temperature since we wouldn’t be outside much, and I wondered what that meant.
 I pulled out several selections, and tried them on, and then switched shoes and did it all again. Trying to decide in front of the mirror, I could see Artemis perched atop her cat tree to watch the whole show, turning her head this way and that, trying to make sense of my illogical behavior. Finally settling on one of my little black dresses, I looked over to find her looking back at me upside-down - lying on her back, with her head hanging over the ledge, and all four paws in the air. 
Next I had to decide what to wear on my date with Bailey that night. More importantly, I had to figure out a way to get out of having to spend the night at his place. I decided I must dress conservatively, so as not to send him the wrong message, and that would help narrow down my wardrobe selection.
My thoughts were interrupted by my cell phone ringing. It was Jayden. I answered, “Good morning, Sunshine.” 
“There is nothing good about this. They were in my computer.”
“What do you mean?”
“Whoever tossed my place after I was taken - they were in my computer. I think they copied everything from the hard drive.” She was on the verge of hyperventilating.
“Slow down, sister, take a breath.” I tried to get her to calm down. “What makes you think all of this?”
“Activity logs, when there shouldn’t have been any activity.” She spoke much more clearly this time.
“What was on it?”
“They would be able to track everything that I’ve ever researched. Any moron would see that there’s a connection to your father, that I was researching Bailey. Oh, this is a mess.”
“No. I’m sure it can’t be as bad as you think.” I knew she was as upset about the fact that her files had been compromised as she was about what they might have found. “That was before you knew about the Flamella Tree, and about the future. Besides, are you sure it wasn’t Alec that was in there? I mean, Michael had my hard drive mirrored to the computer in the Mansion.”
“Then call Michael and find out,” she insisted. “Tell him to send those two hotties over here, I need protection until tomorrow, and Michael’s too busy watching you.”
“Oh, stop it!”
“In fact, I bet you don’t even have to call him, I bet he’s listening to this whole conversation,” I was sure he was too. “And if you look out on your balcony, I bet he’s standing there right now.”
I turned around, and sure enough, there he was. “Are you psychic now or what?” I asked Jay.
“Call me back.” She ended the call.
I opened the door for Michael to come in. “Jayden’s freaking out about her computer.”
“Her computer?” He had a blank look on his face, “What about it?”
“So it wasn’t Alec.”
“What are you talking about?” He obviously wasn’t involved.
“She says someone was in her computer, that they’ve copied the hard drive.”
He pulled out a phone and pushed a button. “Alec, take Kristoff with you and go over to Jayden’s. She said someone’s tampered with her computer. We need to know who it was, what they did and what they saw.” There was a pause as Alec responded. “Right, we’ll see you in a few hours.” He hung up.
“We’ll see him this afternoon?”
“Yes, we’re all meeting again at Marion’s, before your date.”
“He’s supposed to pick me up at seven tonight.”
“You’ll be home in time. We’ve also modified our plans for tomorrow, and we’ll be leaving early in the morning. You can tell him that you found an earlier flight.”
“Sounds good.” Now I had the excuse of an early flight to make it an early night. “But why are we leaving earlier?”
He gave me one of his half-grins that exuded confidence. “We’re actually going to surprise the Council by showing up early.”
“Is that a good idea?” Something told me they don’t like surprises.
“Sam, I need you to try to shift your perspective a little.”
That was confusing. “What do you mean?”
“Yes, the Society is powerful. More powerful than even you can imagine, and yes, I know how big of an imagination you have. But right now, they are operating with a goal of becoming so powerful that they can take over and be the UCE in the future.”
“You mean...”
“Yes, ultimately those that are from the future want to make it back and several of them have very specific acts of revenge in mind.” Why I had never thought of that before, I don’t know. Their endgame was not to be in power now; it was to amass fortunes and weapons to rule the world that they came from.
“Is that why Dad took the Flamella Tree from them?”
“In part yes, the politics of it all could take years to explain, as they took centuries to evolve. But yes, there were definitely very differing ideals coming from the leadership of the Society. Your grandfather and your father wanted to use the Society for the betterment of mankind, and to prevent some of the atrocities that will be committed over the next 150 years, without preventing their own existence.  Others, such as Tollack Pennington and Marcus D’Amancio see only an opportunity for personal gain and world domination.”
“And are they the ones running the Society now?”
“Tollack Pennington is known as the Elder. Marcus eventually got in his way.”
“So he killed him?”
“Well, tried to have him killed, but now he leads the faction of defectors who tried to grab you in the Yukon, and who abducted Jayden. Sam, don’t you understand? Your father held all of the cards. The fruit of the offspring trees can sustain their illusion for a little while, but the full rejuvenating effects of the Philosopher’s Stone are required for the Society to maintain itself perpetually.”
“But, I don’t know where it is.”
“Not yet, because it isn’t there right now.”
“What do you mean?”
“Your father was experimenting with forward time-travel.”
“Yeah, the Hoppers, I know.”
“No, Sam, he was working on longer terms than that. I’m talking years.”
Dad had been gone for more than sixteen years. If he sent the tree in the future, and it still wasn’t here, then Michael was talking about more than years, Dad was skipping decades - if it worked. “It’s been more than sixteen years, Michael....”
“It’s actually been seventeen years, two months and eighteen days since he sent the tree. If his calculations were correct, it will be back in two days.”
I was beginning to feel like I’d won a lifetime supply of surprises. “Be back where?”
“Someplace you’ve never been. It is also, as with the Mansion in the Mountain, somewhere only our friends in the animal kingdom can find.”
I waited a minute, but he said nothing more. “That’s all you’re going to tell me, isn’t it?” 
“For now. Once you have the tree, you’ll be holding the only card that matters.”
What I thought was a legitimate question occurred to me. “What’s to stop you from taking Artemis and going after it yourself?” I realized my mistake when I saw the hurt in his eyes.
“It belongs to you, Sam - and I exist to serve you. I owe a century and a half, and every year of my life going forward to Samuel. I swore to Daniel I’d protect you. I am a man of my word.” He stood, and turned his back to me.
“Michael, I’m sorry.” I put my hand on his shoulder. “I....”
He whipped around and clasped his right hand at the base of my skull, while gripping my waist with his left, and pressed his lips against mine urgently, conveying yet another hidden facet of this mystery without words. The wall surrounding my oblivion crumbled away, revealing what I should’ve already known; he had been in love with the idea of me since long before he left the future, more than a century after I’d died.
I was dizzy when our lips parted, and grateful his hands lingered to hold me a moment longer, otherwise I might’ve fallen on my ass. Even if I was right about how he felt, I had no idea how I was supposed to feel about it, or him. My cheeks were burning, and I couldn’t bring my face up to meet his. 
He sighed before kissing me again, this time on my forehead, and then he released me. “Once you have the tree, you will only need to provide them with a supply of the Philosopher’s Stone, and you will have their full cooperation.”
“Until I get in Pennington’s way?”
“Or until he gets in yours.” His half-cocked grin told me that he wouldn’t mind if the Elder gave him a reason to take him out.
“Should I be carrying a gun?”
“You must’ve read my mind, Sweetheart. I thought I was the only one in the room who could do that.” He winked. “We’re picking up Jayden for target practice in twenty minutes.”

***

After we collected Jay, we drove to a secluded range in the foothills, where Kristoff was already setting targets up. Jayden and I waited while Michael unloaded the guns and ammo from the back of his Hummer; I was surprised at how many cases he brought. It was all a new experience for me. 
Michael and Kristoff set up a folding table, and arranged the weapons. One by one, they took us through how to load and unload each one. After each demonstration, they made us each practice until we got it right. I was surprised to find that part was much easier than it looked. 
More than once, I’ve heard it said that you’re never prepared for the recoil the first time you fire a gun. I found out this was definitely true. We both started with smaller pistols, and moved up to something Kristoff called ‘the Marquet Special,’ apparently one of Samuel’s inventions, which was super light to hold, but it kicked hard. Finally we moved on to some shotguns and rifles, which were not the sort you’d find in the local gun shop or in any military arsenal for that matter. These were all Society special issue. 
Holding the guns gave me an awesome sense of power - not awesome in a cool way, but awesome in that grand ‘larger than life’ way. The intricacy of all the parts, working together to perform one split-second action with the potential for devastation, was strangely beautiful. I was never a big fan of guns, but I do have to admit that shooting at the range was kind of fun. The fact that I enjoyed it kind of scared me. 
After a couple of hours and a couple hundred rounds each, it was clear that Jay was a better shot than me with the rifles, but I was handling the Marquet Special rather well.
“All right ladies,” Michael shouted, so we could hear him over our protective headgear, “time to pack it in.”
We helped load the gun cases back in the Hummer, and I wondered, “What happens if you get pulled over with all this stuff?” 
“I don’t get pulled over,” Michael answered definitively.
That wasn’t good enough for Jay. “But what if...”
“We outrun them,” Kristoff smiled, and shut the cargo door. 
“Ummm, you know, I don’t really think that’s such a great idea,” Jayden commented as we got in.
“Them catching Kristoff or me at all is not a good idea,” Michael looked at Kristoff. “Imagine that mess,” he remarked, and they both shook their heads. Then he flipped open a cover that was blended in with the dashboard, under which was a neon green button. “We push that and we’re gone, fifty miles in five minutes.” Neither of us had a response to that. He started the engine to drive us back to Mom’s. “Don’t forget to buckle up.”

***

Michael’s team was already assembled at Mom’s house when we arrived. 
Alec opened the discussion, “It was the Travelers. However, they think you were just looking into Morrison’s past, they didn’t see that you found a connection to Bailey, or how close you were to finding the Brotherhood of Asclepius. None of it appears to have been of interest to them.”
“I was close to finding the BOAs?” Jay asked.
Kristoff nodded. “Almost there.”
“So, it wasn’t the BOAs, and they don’t know we’re on to them?” Jay asked.
“No, but they are watching you, too,” Alec warned. Jay gulped.
“I’m really more concerned with the Society and the Travelers who are coming after us,” Michael interjected. “The BOAs are still working on theories as of now - they don’t know anything. We’ll continue to monitor them, but the Travelers are the immediate problem.”
Alec sighed as he continued, “And they have confirmed that you were looking into connections pertaining to Mr. Marquet.” 
“But they already knew who Dad was, right?” I asked.
“Yes. But if they know your friend is looking into your father’s past, they will suspect you know more than you do.” Kristoff warned. 
Mom cleared her throat, “So, what you’re getting at is while the computer situation isn’t good, it could be worse?”
“Yes, Mam,” Alec, Annika and Kristoff responded in unison.
She continued, “And there’s nothing we can do about it anyway?”
And the chorus replied, “Yes, Mam.”
“Then I think we should just move forward with our plan, and we’ll face whatever challenges this might present as they come.” That was basically directed at Jayden, telling her to quit freaking out. “Agreed?”
We all joined in, “Agreed.”


CHAPTER 18
09/27/2006
The Worst Date Ever


After I got home, I started unpacking again, trying to find something to wear to go out with Bailey. He didn’t say where we were going, so I didn’t know if I should go dressy, or casual, or dressed-up casual. 
Luckily, Jayden arrived a few minutes later, and she quickly settled the matter. “Pants, for sure,” she declared while rifling through my closet, “if you don’t plan on going back to his place. If you wear a skirt, he’ll get the wrong idea.”
Sadly, I agreed with her assessment. “Okay, so jeans then?”
“No,” she plucked two hangars from the rod, “your ass-pants.” She presented a pair of form fitting black slacks, what she referred to as my “ass-pants” because they happened to show off my assets. A second later, she plucked out a dark purple cowl neck blouse. “And this, with the strappy heels. Conservative, but still sexy.”
“That’ll work,” I grabbed the hangars and took them with me into the bathroom. “Keep an ear out for the door, will you?”
“No prob.” She settled on the couch with the TV remote, as I shut the door. 
My shower was brief, but refreshing. Afterward, I brushed my hair, got dressed and did my make-up. I kept it toned down with nude shades on my eyes and just gloss on the lips. When the reflection looking back at me met with my approval, I grabbed a couple of Pepsis, and joined Jay on the couch. She was watching Psycho; it was just at the beginning of the shower scene.
“So glad you didn’t have this on before, or I might not have showered.”
“That would’ve been one way to get Bailey to bring you home early.” We both laughed, and sat back to watch the movie.
A knock at the door came promptly at seven; Jay went to open it, while I scrambled to find my heels. “Wait,” I warned her. “Check the peephole.”
She put her eye to the glass, “It’s the one who shows his face in public with you.”
“Shhh! Let him in.”
She opened the door, and he looked surprised to see her there. “Jayden, how nice to see you. I didn’t expect you to be here.”
“Oh, I’m spending the night here and flying out with Sam tomorrow. After we make sure Mama Marion’s okay, I’m thinking about taking a train back. There’s a dig at an ancient Native American site that I’d like to observe for a few days.”
“Yes, she’s hoping to prove a theory that the tribes in Utah used grasses imported from Colorado in their basket weaving.” Divide and conquer, that was the plan. “But don’t get her started or we’ll never get out of here.”
“No, don’t mind me. Artemis and I are going to watch some more old black and white horror flicks.” She made a shooing gesture with both hands at us, “You two get out of here.” 
I picked up my purse and headed for the door. “Don’t wait up,” I said, jerking my head at her when Bailey wasn’t looking.
She remembered to play the nag. “Don’t forget, curfew is eleven! We have to be off early.”
“Yeah, we do. I forgot to tell you, Bail, we got on an earlier flight.” I chattered away as we went out the door. I listened for Jay to engage the deadbolt before we went down the stairs.

***

Once we were on the road, I decided to ask, “So where are we going?” He hadn’t mentioned where we would be dining.
“Oh, a little place that’s out of the way.”
That was less descriptive than I was looking for, but all he would reveal.
Changing the subject, he asked, “How is your Mom? Have you spoken with her?”
“Yes, well, briefly this morning. Then they whisked her away for some more tests. She was asleep both times I called back, and so I finally gave up and decided to let her sleep. I’ll see her tomorrow.”
“I’m sorry, Sam. I know how worried you must be.”
I sniffed a couple of times, and pretended to wipe away a tear, “She’ll be fine. She has to be.”
We rode the rest of the way in silence. When I realized we were headed toward the mountains, my throat went dry and my palms started sweating. To my relief, we turned east and away from Route 39. Then I figured out where we were going.
“You’re taking me to The Enchantment Inn, aren’t you?” It’s a pretty little B&B nestled in the foothills, with a view over the San Gabriel Valley and a five star-restaurant. 
He glanced at me quickly, with a sheepish grin, “You got me, Sherlock.”
“What’s the occasion?”
He took my hand, keeping just his left on the wheel, “I wanted to take your mind off of things for a little while, at least a couple of hours, before you have to go take care of your Mom.” He squeezed my hand reassuringly and continued, “I want you to know how important you are to me, Sam.”
The grinding of my emotional gears was almost audible as they shifted; I was afraid the conversation was headed for the moving in together talk again, and I really wasn’t in the mood for it. “Bail, you’re important to me too.” Yes, that was the best I could come up with.
His expression was wistful, not scheming, and I caught myself trying to convince me that I was crazy. After all, how could anyone as wonderful as Bailey possibly be plotting against me with his high school buddy, Raymond Morrison?
We drove the rest of the way up the little winding road without speaking, which didn’t bother me. The road was full of twists and curves, like the one up the canyon to the Mansion in the Mountain, but it wasn’t nearly as long.  
Bailey parked the car on the gravel lot. The Inn truly looked enchanted, built as a natural extension of the hillside; it was reminiscent of a Thomas Kinkade cottage scene, with the added magic of colorful, yet tasteful, L.E.D. lighting. 
I reached for the door handle, and he reached for my hand. “Sam, wait,” his eyes were troubled. “There is something I need to tell you. I’m afraid to tell you.”
“Whatever it is, Bailey, you can tell me.” 
He took a deep breath, “I haven’t been completely honest with you, Sam.” His voice quavered.
“About what, Bail?” I was not surprised, but feigned it as best as I could. “You’re not married, are you?”
The right corner of his mouth turned upward, for about a half a second. “No. It’s about the man that attacked you, Raymond Morrison.”
He paused until I nodded for him to continue.
“Ray and I grew up a couple of blocks away from each other. We were best friends.”
I gasped. “But how?” He decided to wait until just before a romantic dinner to bring this up? “Why didn’t you tell me right away?”
“I wasn’t sure it was the same guy. I mean ... I guess I hoped it wasn’t him, but after looking at the picture, and confirming some information with Detective Ramirez I knew it was him.”
“But you grew up in Pennsylvania?”
“Yes, and I thought moving to the West Coast would finally liberate me from Ray for good. Apparently he found me and - I am so sorry for this - as a result, he became infatuated with you.”
“Why?” I was totally lost. It wasn’t at all what I’d expected from that night.
“It’s a long story, goes back to High School, maybe earlier. Ray always felt, I don’t know how to put it....”
“Jealous of you?”
He ran his hand through his hair, “Yeah, I guess that’s it. It’s really hard for me to talk about it, but this isn’t the first time he’s targeted a victim because of her involvement with me.”
“Hence the third strike?”
“Provided he doesn’t get off on an insanity plea and do time in the asylum instead, like the last time. Sam, I’m so sorry that I put you in danger.”
He seemed genuine. I couldn’t believe that it was an act. “You had no way of knowing he would follow you. It’s not your fault.”
“That’s what Tim said. And it’s nice to hear you say that, but it doesn’t make me feel any less responsible.”
I put my hand to his cheek. “You aren’t responsible for his actions, or insecurities for that matter.”
He took my hand and pressed his lips to my palm. “I don’t know what I would ever do if something happened to you.”
There was something off, something he was still leaving out. “Bailey, what did he do before?”
“Nathaly was my prom date senior year, and first girlfriend, probably my first love. He drove her mad.” He took a deep breath before going on. “He stalked her, left gifts, stole her underwear. He killed her cat, and left its gutted corpse on the porch for her to find. It was the day that the firecrackers went off under her car that she finally shut herself away in her mind, and never spoke again.”
“How terrible,” I empathized.
“When she looks at something, it’s like she doesn’t see it, like it isn’t there. She looked through me every time I went to visit.” There were tears in his eyes. “I never had a reason to suspect Ray at the time. It wasn’t until a couple of years later, when I started dating again. I was in college, and Kari was the first girl who distracted me from Nathaly. She made me feel alive again. I guess I had been in a sort of catatonic state of my own.”
 He was looking down and through the floor of the car; he was far away, wherever this Kari was. “What happened to her, Bail?”
“He broke into her dorm room the first night we went out and tagged up the walls - whore, slut, bitch, stuff like that. Big, red letters. Two weeks later, we met up at a party at one of the frat houses, somehow we got separated, someone told her I left and someone else told me she did. So she did leave, and I followed not long behind her.
“It was fortunate that I did, soon I heard screams and as I ran toward them, I heard a struggle. I shouted for help repeatedly, and came upon them in the brush. He was on top of her and had ripped her blouse off....”
“You don’t have to say anymore.”
“But I do. That night, he ran off, and I never saw his face. Then, on the three month anniversary of our first date, Kari died. More accurately, she fell out of her window, trying to escape her assailant. They managed to collect some DNA from under her fingernails, but as Ray was not in any database, it wasn’t linked to him.”
“Then how do you know?”
“After graduation, I had an internship in New York over the summer, and well, Amber was an intern at one of the fashion mags. I didn’t even get to know her well enough to remember which one before....” He shuddered. “We went to the same coffee house, so we’d hung out there several times before we actually went out on a date. I went to pick her up for the second date, and found her door ajar, and blood ... the blood was everywhere. I didn’t go in, and was later upset that I hadn’t. The police told me there was nothing I could have done, but I don’t know.”
“Bailey, I’m so sorry,” I didn’t know what else to say.
“But Amber’s murder was where he slipped up. He took off his bloody gloves before he left, and left a fingerprint on the doorknob as he fled.
“He had been arrested for auto theft, and did time right after Kari’s death. The police literally arrested him six hours after she died. There was no connection between her death and Morrison whatsoever, he had stolen the car out of state the night before. 
“He served a year, and was out on parole. I never knew about any of it. He left behind that one fingerprint, and everything finally came together. They matched his DNA with that under Kari’s nails, and when he saw me at the trial he asked, ‘When was the last time you went to see Nathaly? She told me she misses you.’”
“Bailey, I don’t even know what to say. I’m so sorry.” I shook my head, “I’m sorry for being angry with you for being over-protective.” I kissed him on the forehead, and pulled his head to my breast. 
We sat like that for several minutes; I stroked his hair as he wept. How could I have doubted him? I held him, rocked him, shushed him, until his body stopped heaving and my doubts about him were swept into the dustiest corner of my mind.
He attempted a weak smile, “I’m sorry, Sam. I know we came all the way here, but I’m afraid I’ve lost my appetite.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“Do you mind if I just take you home tonight, Babe? You need to be up early, and you should be focusing on your mother, not me and my problems of the distant past.”
“Bailey, those problems aren’t so distant if Morrison is here now, are they?”
“No. I suppose not.” He kissed me gently. “I don’t know what I would have done if....”
I kissed him again, cutting him off. “They have him now; he won’t be able to hurt anyone else.”

***

Clutching my left hand to his chest, Bailey would not release it the whole way back to my studio. He occasionally raised it to his lips, pressing them to my knuckles.
He pulled up in front of my building, and we sat there, with his lips pressed again to my knuckles, for maybe fifteen minutes. Then, there was an unspoken understanding that it was time for us to part, and he leaned in to press his lips to mine. It was a soft, tender kiss that begged for the forgiveness that my heart had already given.
He cradled my cheek in his palm, and pulled back, looking me in the eyes. “I really hope your mom is going to be okay.” He leaned his forehead against mine. “I will send all of my positive energy with you. Call me when you can?”
“I will,” I promised. Then I gave him another quick peck on the cheek, and opened the car door.
He pulled back on my hand as I set my right foot on the ground, “I love you, Sam.”
I squeezed his hand back, and tried to smile. “I know.” I got out and shut the door behind me.
Back in my studio, I flipped the light on for a second, just to confirm that Jay was still there. She’d unfolded the sofa into the queen size bed to accommodate us both for the night and was already off in the Land of Nod. I flipped the light off, and turned the deadbolt before joining her. 


CHAPTER 19
09/28/2006
Road Trip


Artemis’ purring in my ear brought me back to the realm of consciousness, rescuing me, after too few hours of sleep, from my nightmares. I didn’t remember getting in bed, or falling asleep. I did remember dreaming about Raymond Morrison, and Bailey’s previous girlfriends.
Turning over, I was immensely relieved to see Jayden looking back at me, blinking the sleep from her eyes, “Good morning.”
She just blinked.
“Yes. No speak until coffee. I understand.” I decided to share Bailey’s story later, after we gathered with Mom and Michael, to avoid having too many discussions about it.
Jayden’s travel coffee maker kicked on and, as if by magic, the scent of her favorite Hawaiian blend filled the studio. Jay was upright and in the kitchen, mug in hand, before the two-cup pot was full.
Patiently, we waited until her liquid jump-start cooled enough for Jay to gulp it down. Smiling, she declared, “Now it’s a good morning.”
I bolted to the shower before she finished the first cup, and then made breakfast while she took her turn. We sat at the counter and ate our French toast in thoughtful silence, each scrape of a fork against a plate resonating with some profound significance. There was a ‘last meal before a life altering experience’ air in the room. The fact that we knew we would soon experience something that would alter our lives gave authenticity to the atmosphere.
The whoosh of a Hopper came earlier than I expected; Michael appeared near the coffee table with Annika and another female companion. They were each wearing wigs, with Annika’s dyed to match Jayden’s hair and the other girl’s dyed to match mine.
My doppelganger smiled and extended her hand, “I’m Neve. It’s so nice to finally meet you in person.”
I’d never heard of her, so it was a little awkward, “Uh, hi.” I returned her grasp, and looked to Michael, “So I take it we’re hopping out of here?”
“Yeah, Annika and Neve came up with it last night. This saves us a little time.”
“It’s beautiful, really,” Annika explained. “They’ve been out there all night, and so they won’t suspect a thing when we drive off in the Blazer. We’ll board the plane, and after we land, we’ll hop back to you at the Society.” 
“Wait,” I interrupted her. “Who had been outside all night?”
“Two of the Travelers, and one of the BOAS, and none of them will be the wiser,” Neve winked. They were both obviously proud of their contribution to our escape.
“They are gloating more than Artemis did the time she swallowed a canary in the West Virginia coal mines,” Michael joked as he scooped up our feline friend. 
She gave a quick “Maow,” in reply before she arched up to head-butt his chin.

***

The light deposited us in a parking garage, next to a Lexus SUV with the engine running. Then, the passenger’s side window rolled down, and Mom leaned over from the driver’s seat. “Let’s get going.”
Jay and I took the backseat while Michael loaded our luggage in the cargo space. Orion already occupied the hump seat, curled up in the safety bed that was buckled in, so I unzipped my backpack, letting Artemis jump in to join him. They began purring in harmony instantly, and Artemis began their ritual of grooming each other by licking his ears.
Michael slid in the front seat and looked at Mom, “Ready for this?”
“No, but I don’t have much choice,” she replied as she drove out of the garage. I recognized the area - we were in Ontario, near the airport
“How long since you’ve been there, Marion?” Jayden asked.
“Sixty years, or so,” Mom answered. “Certain people had hinted that some harm might come to me if Daniel didn’t bring the tree back, so we went underground. He only returned for the necessary formalities to keep them from coming after us.”
Michael turned in his seat to look me in the eye, “Don’t worry; the particular members who made those threats are no longer with us.” Jay’s mouth fell open in sync with mine. “It took me six years to track down the last three....”
“But he was unrelenting until he did,” Mom finished for him. 
We stopped at a gas station just off the I-15, and Michael took over driving from there. We were soon on our way up the mountain, headed for the Cajon pass. I decided that it was a good time to relay the story that Bailey had told me the night before, though I was sure that Michael - or one of the other members of his team - had been listening and would already know. Alec and Kristoff were probably already doing research to verify the details.
Jay was the first one to respond, “Wow. Just, wow.”
“If that is all true, then I would believe that there is a possibility that Bailey is innocent,” Mom said. “I think we still need to watch him carefully.”
Like crossing over into another world, within seconds of passing the Summit Inn, the greenery of the mountains gave way to the harsh landscape of the High Desert. The winds were particularly strong that day, and the dust was thick in the air, painting everything an even duller shade of gray.
We took the I-15 to the D Street exit, turning left onto a stretch of Route 66 also known as National Trails Hwy. Though I hadn’t been told where we were going, I had a pretty good idea at that point. The more direct route would have been to split off from the 15 at Hwy 395, but I remembered this as a detour my father regularly took when we took family ski trips to Mammoth Mountain.
We had been driving for almost an hour and a half when we passed the Bottle Tree Forest, on the way to Helendale. All of that glittering glass was a strange, but beautiful sight. It must have been a recent addition to the route, sometime in the last decade I guessed, because I didn’t remember having seen it before. There must have been hundreds of trees, sparkling in the sun, like a bejeweled oasis. Though it was a fleeting image, the wonderment the glass trees instilled in me finally prompted me to voice what was on my mind. “I’ve been wondering ... why was Dad experimenting with forward travel? Was it just to protect the tree?”
“No, though that was part of it,” Mom answered. “I don’t know, Michael explains it better than I do.”
“Not that much better,” he protested, but she shot him a look that he knew better than to argue with. He cleared his throat, “The theory is that you can’t occupy the same time as yourself, and this theory is supported by the fact that assuming they continued to eat the Essence, Daniel and other members of the Society, including those from the future, should have made it ... been there when I was, in the future.”
“But how do you know they weren’t there?” Jayden hypothesized. “Maybe they were just deep underground. On Earth perhaps, not with you on the moon?”
“That would have been nearly impossible,” he dismissed the idea flatly.
“Why?” Mom, Jay and I all asked at the same time.
His eyes were focused on the road, but I could tell by his expression he was seeing something in the far distant future. “I don’t know what I am or am not allowed to say. What could or could not affect the timeline.” He clenched his jaw, deep in thought. “Then again, the more I think about it, maybe it is possible,” he sighed. “But back to the forward travel; at some point the plan was to go forward to a point not long after I left so that we could stop the UCE from meddling with the past.” He tightened his grip on the steering wheel, “And so that we could save Nathaniel from whatever fate he met after I was gone.”
I had not considered what became of my great grandfather, or what would become of him since he hadn’t been left behind yet. I could only imagine what the UCE might do to him. The silence in the next five minutes was unbearable.
“Michael, you can’t leave them in suspense like that, tell them.” Mom urged.
“He was taken into custody after Samuel and the others escaped. They had severely damaged the equipment and destroyed much of the research, so Nathaniel was coerced into helping fix what his son broke.
“As far as I know, they didn’t cause him physical harm. Some of the Travelers have alluded to....”
Mom interrupted, “They were trying to distract you, and they played on your guilt.”
“I know, I know,” he shook his head. “I hope so, or I hope to prevent it from happening again if it does.”
“But anything you change in the future now also affects our past, right?” I was getting dizzy from it all again.
We turned off the highway when we reached Helendale, but instead of driving down into the remote community, Michael reset the tripometer as we went right on Helendale Road., continuing north.
“That’s why the goal is to get back to a time as soon after Michael left as possible,” Mom said. “He has already been so important to this timeline; we can’t risk him not having come back at all.”
Michael laughed, “Marion, I think you may be my biggest cheerleader. But yes, for that, among a multitude of other reasons.” He went silent again after that. We could tell then he was done talking for awhile.
When the tripometer reached 10.2 miles, Michael began to slow the Hummer, and at 10.4 miles he pulled over, leaving the engine running. “I’ll be right back,” he remarked, and got out.
We watched after him as he stalked off into the desert, “What on Earth is he doing?” Jay wondered aloud.
“Oh, he’s just retrieving a key to the side door,” Mom winked at her. 
Seventeen minutes passed before I saw him returning; with the sunglasses on and the trench coat billowing around him, his appearance might have been menacing to others, but I found it comforting.
He got back in the car and Mom handed him a bottle of water, which he chugged down in a few gulps. Then we got back on the road, and took the 58 West, back to the 395, and on to Mammoth.

***

We didn’t go as far as Mammoth Lakes, taking the turn-off for Convict Lake instead, and then right onto another road I didn’t see a sign for. After about five miles, Michael pulled into a deep turn-out, and then he took the Hummer off-road, at a slow crawl.
We rolled a hundred and fifty feet into the woods before we came to a stop in front of a wall of boulders, a seemingly natural formation, much like the one off Highway 39. Michael got out of the car, and pulled a metal rod from his coat. It was about eighteen inches long, with prongs at one end and a handle at the other, like the tool - we called a thingy-ma-bob - Mom used to turn on the sprinklers in the backyard. He inserted it between three of the stones, turned it one hundred eighty degrees counter-clockwise, and then pulled it back out. The boulders responded immediately, morphing their way into a cavernous opening that led to a dimly lit, two-lane paved tunnel.
Jay had not seen the other rock transformation from the exterior, and she gaped in amazement. “This is a side door?”
“Yes,” Mom replied. “The main entrance is on the North end. They didn’t see us coming, but they’ll know we’re here now.”


CHAPTER 20
09/28/2006
Welcome to the Society


The tunnel went on for what seemed like miles, but we were crawling along at fifteen miles per hour which made it seem longer. As we drove, I noticed carvings in the walls, most of which were difficult to make out as we passed, but the one I saw clearly depicted several gargoyles of the winged and monstrous variety.
After twenty to twenty-five minutes, we came to stadium sized cavern. It was well lit, and scores of other vehicles were stowed away in a honey-comb like structure along the walls. 
We got out of the car and Michael led us to a doorway as a robotic forklift zoomed over, lifted the car, and placed it on a shelf on the fourth level of the parking structure. At a glance, it looked about half full, with maybe three hundred or so assorted vehicles. I wondered how many members of the Society would be there, and if any of them had carpooled.
“Ladies,” my attention turned back to Michael, who bowed beside an open carriage. “Your chariot awaits.”
The ‘chariot’ was an oval shape with a stainless steel - or something that looked like it - exterior finish, and a thickly padded black leather couch wrapped around the entire interior. The part that I found unnerving was the lack of any mechanical features. There was nothing holding it off the ground, yet there it hovered eighteen inches above. 
“It’s magnetic, dear,” Mom whispered.
“All aboard,” Jay was clearly thrilled and led the way.
Mom gestured for me to go next, she followed and Michael came last. The door slid shut behind him and he took his seat. “At the risk of sounding like a theme park attendant, please keep your hands and feet within the car at all times.”
Jay started humming It’s a Small World; I shook my head and asked, “How does this work?”
In response, Michael waved his hand to the back of the door, which was a touch screen panel. He leaned over and drew a circle with his index finger, and then tapped his finger in the center, and we were off.
The concept of the magnetic hover car was something I had browsed in techie mags and websites, but the infrastructure required to make it mainstream would take decades to develop, along with technology this sophisticated. The ride was swift, silent and smoother than any form of transportation I’d yet encountered, with the exception of the elevator to the Mansion.
Our first stop brought us into a room in which the ceiling, walls and floor were all a lustrous, semi-reflective black surface. A wall slid in place behind us, sealing the way we entered and leaving no trace of any way out. The room was so small that the walls were only an inch from the sides of the car, and the ceiling was only inches from Michael’s head. 
Illumination seemed to come from within the walls, as there were no fixtures in the room. There was no warning either when the lighting changed from white to black light. The wall to my right began to glow in a neon turquoise hue, and moved toward us. For a fleeting moment I thought we would be smashed between the walls, but it was an optical illusion and the turquoise was actually a beam of light about an inch thick and appeared opaque; it stretched from one wall to the other, from floor to ceiling. Slowly, it drew across the room, like the light in a flatbed scanner. It went across, then back and across again, making three passes in all.
“It’s the security system,” Mom explained, noticing the stunned looks Jayden and I wore.
After the third pass, the turquoise beam melted back into the wall, the black light flipped back to white, and the wall opposite the one we entered opened.
 On through a series of narrow corridors we flew. The walls were too close to allow for more than one car and at a few intersections, I saw the blur of another vehicle paused for us to pass. After five or six other cars had paused for us, we came to a swift but steady stop to allow another through. This one traveled a bit slower than ours, and was longer, carrying ten or twelve passengers all dressed in formal ballroom attire. It appeared to be eighteenth or nineteenth century formal ballroom attire. Weird.
After twenty five minutes of twists and turns at near roller coaster speeds, we glided to a stop in the middle of a dimly lit tunnel. My mother put her thumb on the control panel of the car; when she removed it, the door to the car slid open at the same time as the smooth granite wall on the other side did, and she led the way into my family’s suite. She waved her arm around the room like a tour guide, directing her group’s attention to the next attraction, “Welcome to your other home away from home.”
Jay giggled, “So what’s this make now, like thirty?” She was referring to the real vacation homes that were among my inheritance from my father. 
“Not funny,” I punched her in the arm. There were eight, but two of them were technically time shares. Most of the time, the six houses were rented out, but that was all managed by Dad’s company. Mom used them from time to time on her adventures, but I had only been to each of them once or twice since Dad died.
But this was far different from any of those places, and from the Mansion in the Mountain. The walls in the main room were the same glossy black as the security screening room, and I would find them the same throughout. As I stepped closer, my reflection materialized to a near perfect image a foot away, hovering like a ghost in the darkness surrounding it. 
The furniture was all white, curvy and modern in style; the room felt clean, pure. For decor there were five orchid plants in clear glass pots, each perched atop a three foot tall white marble cylinder, full of gorgeous white blooms. Everything seemed to be floating, creating an ethereal ambiance. 
“Ladies,” the tone of Mom’s voice went up half an octave on the second syllable, and we both cringed. She was ready to handle business. “I’ll show you to your rooms, so you can get dressed. We have a ball to attend.”

***

The Great Hall at the Mansion in the Mountain was dwarfed in comparison to what Mom called the ballroom. The smooth polished face of the inner mountain looked down from forty feet above. Twelve black marble columns running down each side of the room, each spaced twelve feet apart, and stretching the full height of the hall. 
I was glad we changed our clothes, though Jay and I weren’t quite the right period - the gathering much resembled what my mental picture of some high-society debutante ball on the Upper East Side would be - in the mid-nineteenth century. Though I felt out of place in my little black dress, it would’ve been worse if I’d worn my jeans and boots. 
A few couples were on the floor dancing a waltz, but the way most of the ladies in gowns and gentlemen in jackets moved fluidly around the tables laden with drink and delicacies gave the scene an air of a well-rehearsed production, complete with a string quartet to supply the music. It wasn’t long before our entrance interrupted the show.  
A hush fell over the room, even the music fell from forte to pianissimo. Within seconds our presence was marked, as was Mom’s youth, and the vultures fell upon us. Several women who looked to be around the age Mom was a week ago were the first to approach. 
“Marion, it’s been too long!” 
“How wonderful to see you!” 
“You look marvelous!”
“Oh, how we’ve missed you!” 
Yes, it was that sickening.
Mom showed that she had skills in their game by jumping right in to play with them. Smiling as graciously as a queen returning to her subjects after a long sojourn in a foreign land, she introduced us, “Ladies, allow me the honor of introducing my daughter, Samantha, and her friend Miss Jayden Gage.” 
My hands were being seized by strangers, as were Jay’s, and we were received with exaggerated enthusiasm. 
“What a lovely young woman you’ve become.”
“How nice to meet you.”
“Your dress is beautiful.”
“That color is so becoming on you.”
“We’ve missed getting to see you grow up.”
And on and on it went for several minutes. We followed Mom’s lead, smiling, shaking hands, kissing cheeks and allowing ours to be kissed. After the initial swirl of introductions, the crowd parted and we began to move about the room as Mom and Michael sought out allies. 
Michael leaned in close to Jayden and me, “Neve, Annika and the guys should be here soon, you two stay with one of us at all times. Understood?”
“Oui, mon Capitan,” Jay was getting a little too caught up in the atmosphere. 
“None of the council members will be here, but they will have spies everywhere,” he cautioned. “Don’t talk about anything significant with anyone.”
“Got it,” we both nodded.
“Whew, we made it,” I jumped at Neve’s voice behind me. “I was nervous there for a minute.”
Kristoff was with her, but not Alec or Annika. Michael asked, “What happened? Where’s...”
“Alec’s with her now, she’ll be fine,” Kristoff told him. “But they were in a bit of a scuffle at the airport, they tried to grab Neve and Annika got shot.”
My hands flew to my face, Jayden gasped. That would have been us if Annika hadn’t suggested they take our places. Now she’d been shot, mistaken for my best friend. “Where is she?” I asked. “I want to see her.”
Neve put her hand on my arm reassuringly, “It was a superficial wound, and they’ve already given her the Essence. It’s just going to take some time to work because it took a little while to get it to her. She’s sleeping now, but you’ll see her in the morning.”
Kristoff changed the subject, “We should probably all eat something and try to blend in.”
“Yes,” Neve agreed, “that sounds like a plan. Look at Marion, over there,” she pointed across the hall. “She is really in her element.” 
It was true; my mother thrived in social environments. She was surrounded by a flock of the Society members, chatting away with them. They hung on her every word, and though she knew any one among them may be responsible for any number of plots carried out over the last several decades, she received each of them as dearly beloved friends.
“What are we supposed to be doing?” I asked.
Kristoff shrugged, “Eat, mingle, make small talk.”
“Just keep the talk small,” Michael added. “And keep one of us close by.”
Over the next few hours, I shook dozens of hands, ate foods from every continent, and drank the equivalent of a bottle of champagne. Several times I saw faces that I could swear I’d seen before – if not in person, then in pictures – but I couldn’t place any of them. It wasn’t until I saw one unmistakable platinum blonde talking to my mother, that I remembered that Michael had said the Society added other members along the way. It also explained why they would go to the extent of building a city in a mountain – if she was indeed the iconic beauty believed to have tragically left this world too soon; she would have to live underground to go unnoticed. 
It all went by in such a blur, all I knew by the time we were ready to leave was my face felt like it was frozen in the smile I forced upon it all night.

***

The ride back to our suite went by in a blur. Neve and Kristoff each had rooms down a separate hall from ours, but shared the same common area, so they followed. Alec and Annika were already in their rooms, I assumed. Once the door was shut, it was clear we would be having another meeting before bed.
“Did any of you find out anything?” Michael asked.
“I think the fact that Tollack and the other members of the Council were absent says enough,” Mom offered. “They are not going to cooperate.”
Kristoff shook his head, “Edna Hargreave agrees with you, Marion. And you know Ilsabein Unverfehert will always side with the Marquets.”
“Well, yes, this is true,” Mom conceded. “Norma Jeane said she will do what she can.”
The guys cracked smiles, and Neve commented, “One thing she has around here is influence, even if she isn’t on the council.”
“I think Ilsa’s not coming tonight was a strategic move on her part,” Michael added. “She’s got to cover her own ass, too.”
“Exactly,” Kristoff agreed. “We have more support than you think; they just don’t want Tollack to know yet.” He sighed, and went on, “Unfortunately, I did gather some disturbing intel tonight.” We all just looked at him, waiting. “They’ve been working on perfecting their method of memory removal. They call it dosing.”
Neve asked, “That’s what Boris was talking about?” She looked horrified by whatever it was.
Mom sighed, “See, Michael, this is exactly what I was afraid would happen.”
Jayden cleared her throat, “Mind letting us in?”
Michael’s eyes met mine for less than a half a second before he looked away. I could see this was not something he had anticipated. “It’s a combination of hypnosis, chemical and electric shock. If they give you the dose, the goal is to erase your memory of these events, any knowledge you’ve acquired in the last week. Basically, the intent is to return you to your life as usual.”
“Can they?” I couldn’t allow that to happen. There was no way that was an option for me. “Really, is it something they have the power to do?” My heart was trying to pound its way out of my chest. “Have they done it before?”
“Yes,” Mom answered. “I should clarify; it has been attempted three hundred seventeen times. I know of seventy eight that were called successful. It may just be that those subjects were good enough at faking forgetting.”
Jayden figured the math first, “What happened to the other two hundred thirty nine?”
They all looked uncomfortable; finally Kristoff spoke, “One hundred and four of them wound up with mental capacities ranging between those of children six to ten years in age. They are well provided for, in the employ of the Society.”
Michael continued, “The other hundred and thirteen wound up in various conditions; complete amnesia, crazy, comatose, brain dead, or just plain dead.”
“Well, I vote for complete amnesia if those are the options,” Jayden tried to laugh it off.
“Michael, you could still get us out of here, right?” I hoped.
“We still need to go before the council tomorrow. We don’t know what their decision is yet, and we can use their resources, if they will allow it.” He looked at me again, “I will not allow them to harm you, but if we leave now they will not stop coming after us.”
“He’s right.” Mom looked exhausted. “We can’t do anything about it until we find out what their answer will be. We will all be best off if we get a good night’s sleep.”
“I’ll take first watch,” Neve volunteered. “Michael, you need to sleep the night, we’ve already worked out the shifts among ourselves.” Kristoff nodded in agreement.
“I don’t know when I put you in charge,” he teased as he rolled his neck and stretched his arms over his head. “But I am pretty beat, so I won’t argue. Sleep well all,” he turned and faded into the shadows down the hall.
The rest of us said our goodnights and followed within minutes. Jayden and I opted to bunk together for comfort in our strange surroundings. 
Mom paused at our door, “Michael’s door is opposite yours, and I’m the next one down in case you need anything.” She kissed my forehead and gave me a hug. “And, please, don’t worry about all of that nonsense; nothing is going to happen to either of you.” She smiled and left us.


CHAPTER 21
09/29/2006
So Much for the Afterglow


I smelled coffee before the bearer knocked at the door. “Come in,” Jayden replied eagerly.
Annika entered the room, holding a tray with a mug for Jay and a can of Pepsi for me.
“I’m so glad to see you!” I really had been worried about her. “Why on Earth are you serving us?”
She laughed, “I’m not, I just knew you’d be worried and wanted you to see I was fine. I just brought your morning jolt along with me.” She set the tray on the nightstand and picked up the mug and can to hand to us. “And I figured the Pepsi and coffee would help wake you two up.”
“You are an angel,” I smiled at her as I accepted my refreshment.
“I know,” she smiled back. “Now we have to get up and join the Society for breakfast.”
Jay wrinkled her nose, “Do we have to?”
“If you want another cup of coffee, then yes. Now up, up! You’ll have time to shower between breakfast and the meeting of the Council.” She closed the door behind her.
Jay sat finishing her coffee while I got up to get dressed. She asked, “Do you really think they will decide to erase our memory?” 
“It sounds like things will get a lot harder if they try to go that way, but even if that’s what they want, it won’t happen.”
“How do you know?”
“Because Michael won’t let it happen. It might get messy though.”
“Oh, you’ve got it bad.” She set down her mug, and got up to head to the bathroom.
“I’m with Bailey,” was my argument, but it lacked conviction. I couldn’t deny the feelings I was beginning to have for Michael much longer.
“That’s a mere formality, I think, at this point. I wouldn’t blame you if you remedied that as soon as we go back.”
“You know there are other reasons why I can’t do that.”
“The BOAs are going to find out, so what?”
“Jay I really don’t think he’s with them.”
“I know, he told you a good story. I’m still not sure I believe it. Just wait till I get my hands on a computer.”
“You don’t think Alec has been all over that already? If it isn’t a story, then he is everything I thought he was, and he asked me to move in a week ago.” The look on her face was something between amusement and horror.
A knock interrupted us before she could respond, followed by Michael’s voice, “Everything okay in there, ladies?”
“Yes,” I finished tying my shoelace. “We’ll be right out.” I turned to Jayden, “Enough of this, please? Isn’t there enough going on without throwing a love triangle on my plate?”
She shrugged, “Fine, I’ll back off. But you already have one if you ask me.”
“I didn’t.”


***

We walked through the tunnels to breakfast with Annika and Alec; the others had already gone ahead of us. Along the way I had a better chance to examine the wall sculptures, which were magnificent. Scenes of knights battling dragons, cherubs smiling down from clouds, lovers romancing in gardens, and the aforementioned gargoyles were but just a sample of what I saw. Some of the scenes were left in their natural stone coloring, but others were so vividly painted they came alive.
The diner was much smaller than the ballroom, with ceilings carved to a normal height, and cheery yellow, blue and white decor. Booths lined the walls and tables with chairs were scattered about in between. It looked like a down-home country diner in Anytown, U.S.A., but the conversations buzzing around the room reminded me of exactly where we were.
The tone of the Society seemed less in favor of Jayden and me being there at breakfast than they were the night before - at least that was the impression I had from the snippets I overheard. As we made our way through the buffet-style serving line and filled our plates, I searched the room for any sign of a friendly face, but found none. 
Quick smiles and eager handshakes readily distributed the night before were guarded in the morning’s light, replaced by long hard stares which were quickly averted the moment there was a chance our eyes would meet. Jayden and I followed Alec and Annika to a booth in the back, where Neve was already eating. We sat down to join her just as Kristoff entered the room.
“Well, good morning everyone,” he said loudly enough to be heard across the room. “Glad to see y’all woke up as shiny and happy as you were last night.” He strode over to the buffet line as several Society members glared at him, and others ignored him. I heard a few stifled giggles.
When he joined us at the table, I asked, “Where’s Mom?”
Neve swallowed the mouthful she was chewing carefully before answering, “She and Michael had some other matters to attend to.”
Jayden asked, “Are they pleading our case to the Council members before this big meeting?”
Kristoff put a finger to his lips to shush her, “Yes, they were up all night trying to find a way around the vote.”
Annika had been out of the loop, “You don’t think they want to dose them?”
“Yes,” Kristoff, Neve and Alec answered in unison.
“No,” Michael snuck up behind me. “They want to blackmail us with that to get their hands on the Philosopher’s Stone. And they are probably going to get what they want, but not without giving up something of their own.” I looked up at him, he winked. “Hurry up and eat, it’s time to get ready.”

***

As row upon row of Society members filed into the Assembly Hall, I wondered how everyone knew what the seating arrangement was supposed to be. There were no place cards.  In retrospect, I came to understand that when you’ve sat in the same seat for a couple hundred years, it’s not that hard to remember which one is yours.
On the floor stood a long wooden table and a podium that faced the audience which I expected were intended for the mysterious Council which was led by the Elder - Tollack Pennington. Only after the room fell silent did they enter, all wearing dark gray, hooded cloaks, which concealed their faces. Seven in all, the six members of the Council stood before their chairs at the table while the Elder took his place at the podium. They removed their hoods in unison.
Tollack Pennington struck his gavel for attention. I did not know him, so I was not able to read his expression. “After a careful night’s consideration, I propose that it is in the best interests of all parties concerned to carry out the Dosing procedure. We will wipe their memories and let them go back to their previous lives.” He paused to allow the ripple of murmurs spread throughout the room. “We can continue to protect Miss Marquet and Miss Gage as Miss Marquet has been protected for her entire life, and it will be a much more simplified task that we now have our sister Marion and our brother Michael back home.”
“BULLSHIT,” my mother shouted down at him from our place in the auditorium. I had only heard her cuss maybe three times before in my life. When she did, she meant it. “My daughter has been attacked three times in the last week by three different enemies.” This raised some eyebrows at the Council’s table. “Her friend was kidnapped,” this brought whispers from behind. “So no, it is not in their best interests to be walking around in the dark, without knowing who is friend or who is foe. Or without knowing there is danger lurking? Both of these young women are intelligent and capable. They want in and we will admit them.”
“I fail to see how any of these events warrant admission to the Society,” the Elder retorted.
They were continuing the argument they’d been having behind closed doors, and Mom was clearly frustrated. “I fail to see how Samuel ever thought you were worthy of admission, Tollack, but he did. And now, my daughter - his granddaughter - needs the protection of the Society. It was always our intention to bring her in; we just didn’t think it would be so soon.”
Pennington poured a glass of water from a pitcher on the table, took a long drink and cleared his throat, before speaking. “Sister Marion, during your time away some things have changed about how we conduct business in the Society.”
Mom didn’t skip a beat. “To hell with your sister crap, you’re no more my brother than you belong in this century.” Two men I assumed were part of the Shadow Watch moved in her direction, and she turned to them, “You two will sit down.” There was a conviction in her tone that made them do just that. 
She looked around the auditorium. “None of us belongs here - God did not decree this. This is a result of one man’s doing - Samuel Clemens Marks - he is the sole reason any of you have this life and everything that comes with it. And guess what?” She pointed to me, “There sits his only granddaughter, and sole heir.” 
She turned her attention back to the Elder and marched down the aisle to the floor. “I don’t really give a damn how you’ve been running the Society in my absence, Tollack. I’m back now, so you might want to prepare for change. By right, my daughter should be sitting in your seat, and I’ll be damned if I let you, or anyone else here, touch one brain cell in either of those girl’s heads.” Her fists were on her hips now, and I, being her daughter, knew that meant someone was in serious trouble. I wondered if the Elder knew it too. “If you ever want to taste the Philosopher’s Stone again, I strongly suggest you change your position, and declare it now, lest I declare war on you and the rest of the Society.” 
She turned and looked to the crowd, with a scary smile on her face. “If you knew my husband half as well as I did, then you know that he left me with more than enough means to decimate every single member of this so-called society entirely.”
I didn’t believe my ears. It was Mom’s voice alright, but the authority and power it wielded in that speech was something I’d never heard before. I looked down at her in awe. Mom rocks.
She glared at Tollack, while whispers circulated behind me. “Glad to see you’re taking me a little more seriously now, I’ll take that as a sign you haven’t completely lost your mind. And if that’s the case, you know I meant what I said, and I won’t hesitate to do it either.”
“In centuries, I don’t believe I’ve ever heard you speak like that Marion....” the Elder began to speak again.
“That will be Mrs. Marquet to you from now on, Tollack. And as far as I’m concerned, you can take however you have been conducting things in my family’s absence and shove it. My father-in-law brought you here, he gave you the world, and this is how you thank him?” She shouted the question, her arms outstretched in an all-encompassing manner. 
“I tried to settle this with you before it had to come to the floor, Tollack, but you left me with no other choice.” Mom shook her head and sighed. “I hope the few neurons you have still firing off in your brain are capable of making the connections they need for deductive reasoning. You should think very carefully about the next words out of your mouth.”
Jayden was gripping my left bicep so hard she was sure to leave bruises. To my right, I could feel the tension in Michael building, like a wind-up toy solider with maybe one turn of the key left before he would be ready to spring into action. I really hoped he wouldn’t have to.
All two thousand or so eyes in the room were trained on the scene taking place on the floor. The other six members of the council looked extremely uncomfortable at their table beside Pennington’s pulpit. Mom was in a standoff with the man who had been acting as lord and king over the Society since my father’s absence, and she was bringing him to his knees, before his subjects. He may have been the most powerful man in the world, more powerful than the President of the United States, and Marion Marquet had him pinned under her heel.
Tollack cleared his throat, and turned to the Council’s table. He clearly didn’t like being challenged, especially not in a public Society forum. Mom folded her arms across her chest, and started tapping her foot. Murmurs and whispers spread throughout the room, but it was the grousing down at the Council’s table that concerned me the most. 
Pennington cleared his throat again, “Mrs. Marquet, with forgiveness for the manner in which you have addressed me and this Council, I will allow a recess for reconsideration.” He slammed his gavel on the table. “We will return in one hour.”
The Council rose in unison and followed him out of the room.

***

It seemed impossible that a room with so many people in it could remain as silent as a tomb, containing only the dead - but a lot of impossible things had been happening. I fumed the whole time over the Elder’s arrogance. He forgives Mom for what? Standing up and telling the truth? No wait, it was for the manner in which she spoke it. 
Nearly an hour passed before everyone rose to their feet, and the council returned to the room, and not so much as a whisper had been uttered. Once they took their places, the Elder spoke, “We have decided that we will allow the matter to be put to a vote of the Society, under one condition. Samantha, you will bring us the Flamella Tree, so the Philosopher’s Stone may be protected here, as it should be. Give us this as a show of good faith, and then we will have a vote. If it is the consensus of the Society to allow it, you and Ms. Gage will become full members of the Society and be granted access to all of its various resources.
“The lovely Ms. Gage and our Sister Marion will remain as our guests until your return.”
I stood up, “Out of the question!”
Michael grabbed my arm, and pulled me back into my seat. I saw a look pass between him and Mom, and he stood up, “Samantha and I will do as you wish.”
Tollack Pennington smiled, smug with satisfaction. “I always knew you were a man who has his priorities straight, Michael. See to it that you fulfill our request quickly. You have fourteen days, starting now. ”
With that the room quickly emptied until only the members of the Shadow Watch in the room and our group remained. The other Shadow Watchers blended into the walls so well I had forgotten they were there. It gave me the chills. Alec led the way, and I didn’t hesitate to follow as we filed out to our quarters.

***

Safely back in our suite, Jayden observed “We waited an hour for that? It was awfully quick.”
“Tollack didn’t want to leave himself open for another tongue lashing,” Michael answered.
Mom countered, “No, he just doesn’t want to waste another second before getting his hands on the Philosopher’s Stone.” That was probably most accurate.
I was still angry. “But how could you agree to those terms?”
“It was the only way, Sam. You have to see that.” Jay agreed with them.
“No, no I don’t. There is always another way.”
Mom sighed, “Honey, they weren’t letting me walk out of here again anyway. Not after how your father and I betrayed them. But we had to, we needed to protect you.”
I shook my head in disbelief, “Then why did you come back?”
“Because this is the only way we can have full access to the Society to protect you now. Besides, once you and Michael return with the Flamella Tree, all will be set right in the Society’s eyes.”
The notion of what could transpire between now and then had me worried, “Mom if they’re that angry....”
She smoothed my hair and kissed my forehead, “I’ll be fine and so will Jayden. They know they won’t get what they want, if they harm us. It will just be like we’re under house arrest until you return.”
I looked at Michael, “How long will it take?”
“About a week, maybe ten days to get there, it will depend on the weather.” He stooped down and was fiddling around under the end table by a sofa. “Then we’ll hop back, right to this room.”
I looked back to Mom and Jay, “I still don’t like it.”
Jay hugged me, “We have Alec, Annika, Neve and Kristoff to look out for us.”
“Yes, you do,” I winked, “and I expect you will make good use of your time. Still....”
Mom put her arm around my shoulders and squeezed them, “Samantha, I know you can do this.” She stepped around in front of me and took my face in both hands. “I’m afraid you must. Without the tree we have no power. There simply isn’t any other choice.”


CHAPTER 22
09/29/2006
Capability


There was a black two-seat hover car waiting in the hall outside the suite. We climbed in, Michael tapped on the touch screen and we raced off to our car, waiting in the parking structure cavern. 
We must have had priority because, unlike the trip in, this route was simple and direct. In less than half the time it took us to reach the inner chambers from the same cavern, we arrived and found our car already waiting. Without a word, we got in, Michael started the engine and we drove off.
When daylight became visible at the end of the tunnel, the impending sense of doom already coursing through my veins seemed to flow faster. A feeling I had just said my last goodbye to Mom and Jay coiled around my heart and began to squeeze. As we cruised out into the sun, I turned around and watched the rocks reform, sealing the entrance to the mountain behind us. 
There was no turning back now, we had to find the Flamella tree and bring it back with a fresh harvest within fourteen days, or Jay was dead. Mom, maybe not, but Jay was of no use to them. Pennington didn’t have to say it for me to know it was what he was thinking.
“Don’t forget your shades,” Michael reminded me, so I put them on. “If you see anyone with the mark besides me, use this,” he handed me a red Hopper. “It will take you back to the Society. Then, get to your Mom and Jayden, and use the green one you already have to go back to the Mansion in the Mountain. The Society has suspicions about the Hoppers, and it doesn’t know about the Mansion, so you will be safe.”
“What about you?”
“I always find you.”
I let Artemis out of the bag and held her on my lap for a little while before she decided to go explore the backseat. 
Another few minutes passed before the silent treatment got old, and I finally spoke, “So where are we going?”
“Santa Cruz.”
“The tree is in Santa Cruz?”
“No.”
“This is not the time for you to get all stoic on me again, Michael, talk to me.”
“Samantha, I know you’re scared for Marion and Jayden, but honestly they are going to be fine. They are probably getting ready for dinner right now, and will be getting drunk on hundred year old Flamella wine a little later.” 
“Wine?”
“We don’t let the excess fruit go to waste. The trees are in season year round, and since only the seeds of the original Flamella tree work the real magic, the seeds and fruit from the other trees are used for more frivolous purposes.” 
“Hmmm,” I thought about it for a minute. 
“Did you bring any shoes that would be better suited for...well, anything other than making you taller?” He gestured toward my current footwear, boots with three inch heels.
“Not funny. If I kicked you right now, it wouldn’t feel too good.”
“I know. But even so, it’s hard enough to get your sea legs.”
“My sea legs?”
“We’re ditching the car pretty soon, and hopping to-”
“Poseidon's Gift,” my father’s yacht. “Isn’t Catalina the wrong way?”
“Zhou is already on board, and cast off with a receiver. He’s ready and waiting for us.”
“So, we’ll hop straight there?”
“Yes, but we might need to get you some more appropriate shoes, if you didn’t bring them.”
I rewarded his effort with a giggle. “I’ll probably stay barefoot on board, but my tennis shoes are in my bag, if needed.”
“They will be when we get there.”
I knew he enjoyed his air of mystery, so I decided to stop asking questions and take in the scenery for a little while. 

***

I became so lost in my thoughts I didn’t notice we’d turned off the main road and onto a long gravel drive. When am I going to wake up from all of this? The crunching and popping sounds of the pebbles under the tires brought me back to the moment just as we were pulling up in front of a secluded cabin. 
Michael parked the car, and turned off the engine. “I’ll just be a minute, just need to go open the garage.” He opened the door and got out.
I turned in my seat to wake my sleeping cat, “C’mon Miss Mis, time to get hopping.”
She yawned and uncurled herself, stood up and stretched, before gracefully bouncing over the center console and landing on the driver’s seat. Looking out of the windshield, she flattened her ears and hissed, so I turned my head to see what she saw.
There was movement at the edge of the trees on the far side of the cabin, to my left; Michael had gone the opposite direction, and apparently entered through the front door. A black clad figure, appearing to carry an assault rifle, darted from the tree line to the edge of the structure and back out of sight. I slid down in my seat, as a second and third figure followed. The fourth didn’t have his headgear pulled down far enough to cover the mark of a Traveler, which was clearly visible with the special lenses in my glasses.
Not knowing what else to do, I scooped Artemis in the backpack, and hooked the strap over my left arm. Taking a chance, I reached under the driver’s seat, hoping I would close my fingers around something cold and in the shape of a pistol grip. Feeling along the floor, I panicked when the sensors in my fingertips reported back only the texture of the carpet and a penny. 
I turned my hand upward, frantically grasping at the bottom of the seat and found my reward; I withdrew a Marquet Special just as the first of the Travelers came around the corner of the house and made for the front door. Six more followed, assembling on the porch. I knew they were about to kick in the door.
The horn was blaring before I realized I was the one hitting it. Leaving the door intact, they turned in my direction. I heard the rounds being fired as two of the Travelers jumped the railing and came my way. 
About to throw myself to the floor, I saw the garage door open out of the corner of my eye - drawing their attention away from me again. Michael rolled out with an automatic something of his own as soon as the door was high enough, and was shooting before he was on his feet. He took down the two closest to me, leaving him vulnerable to the other five who were already off the porch. Two rushed at him, while the other three appeared to be taking cover.
What the fuck do I do? I watched the first of the Travelers reach Michael, and get smashed in the face with the butt of his rifle, but the second one caught him around the waist, and they both went to the ground.
The passenger door faced away from the action, so I opened it with the intent of taking cover behind the car. I found one of the first two Travelers Michael shot about to open it from the other side. I didn’t notice him drag himself across the yard. Note to self - going down doesn’t mean dead. Without thinking, I pointed the gun and shot him in the face. He won’t get up again now. 
I managed to clamber over the body without looking at it, and fired at the man who had taken cover behind the porch, and was taking aim at Michael. I missed. Michael had his opponent pinned to the ground, and turned his head enough to make me think he’d broken the Traveler’s neck, but he was still fighting back. I fired again, and my second shot found the target, which hit the ground with a thud. 
The Traveler pinned under Michael was no longer moving, and Michael rose to his feet as the last man rushed from around the other side of the garage, a machete in hand. The one Michael hit earlier with the butt of his rifle was getting up again, so I shot him, and he went back down. Before I could turn to the other one, Michael pulled a knife from his trench coat, threw it, and hit him in the throat.
He looked over his shoulder at me and called out, “You okay?”
I nodded and shouted back, “You?”
He grinned and waved his hand, “Pull the car in the garage.”

***

He hit the button to close the garage door, and waited until it stopped. “Be right back,” he mouthed before he went through the door back into the cabin.
I opened the car door and got out, only to find myself sitting back down because I was nauseous and dizzy with the shock of what had just happened. I killed three people. Granted, they were there to kill me, and technically, they hadn’t even been born yet. The whole situation was more than any person should have to absorb.
Maybe if they know they will die in the future, they won’t come back again. Then I wondered if that was possible, or if it was just my conscience trying to find a way to absolve itself of guilt. 
It was different than the other attempts to get to me before; this was well-planned and coordinated. It was of military design. It must have been a fresh team of Travelers from the UCE - assassins like Michael - I knew at least one bore the mark. 
“You did what you had to, Sam.” Michael was back.
“I know. It’s just....”
“You don’t have to say it, I know.” He knelt down in front of me, and took my hands in his. “But, I do have to thank you.”
“For what?”
“For saving my ass.”
I blinked at him for a few seconds, mesmerized by his eyes. “I was saving my own ass by default, I won’t make it anywhere without you. They would have had me a long time ago if it weren’t for you. I’m guessing years ago?” He nodded. “I think I owed you one or two by now anyway. Besides, it was Artemis who tipped me off - she saw them and hissed - so when all is said and done, she’s the real hero.” Her purring was loud enough to hear. I looked down and freed my hands to open the bag and scratch her chin.
Michael reached in to pet her too, “I told you she was invaluable.”
“I didn’t need you to tell me that.” My eyes met his again and I saw concern.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked.
“Physically, yes. The rest, I think I’ll manage without therapy.”
He didn’t look convinced, but went along with my story. “I have to make a phone call and then we need to get out of here.” 
He paced away, toward the rear of the vehicle, “Yeah, I need a clean-up at the cabin, we had a complication.” There was a pause for a response from whoever was on the other end of the line. “Six, one captive, but the wolves may get him first if you don’t hurry.” Another pause, and then, “That was a joke. He’s out for now, I’ll leave him in the garage. Squeeze everything you can out of him, try to keep the Society out of it.” He waited again. “That sounds about right, but see if you can confirm it. I have to go now, but I’ll be in touch.” He put the phone in his pocket, and then said, “I’ll be right back.”
He went through the regular door on the side of the garage, and returned a few minutes later, dragging one of the unconscious Travelers. He propped him against a wall, and handcuffed him to some steel pipes. “That should do it until they get here,” he muttered to himself.
He came back over to me, “Ready?” I nodded. “Then grab your bags and let’s go.”


CHAPTER 23
10/02/2006
Tipping Point


I immediately recognized the master suite of Poseidon’s Gift, my parent’s yacht, and took in a deep breath of salty sea air. More than a year had gone by since the last time I had been out on the boat, but my sea legs didn’t skip a step as I crossed the small room, to look out the window. I was enchanted by an obsidian sky filled with stars, reflecting back upon itself from the onyx sea below.
Without looking away from the stars, I asked, “Where are we?”
“On our way to Santa Cruz,” he took my hand, pulling me toward the door. “Come on, you’ll have a better view from the deck.”
Outside, I made another quick scan of the stars - the position of Grus and Pegasus told me he couldn’t mean the Home of the Banana Slugs. I pointed to the sky, “Bullshit, we’re nowhere near California.” The stars placed us much closer to the Equator. “I can’t believe you spent a hundred years with my father, and don’t know how much he loved astronomy.”
“Hmm, I suppose I just didn’t realize how much he taught you,” he teased. “I never said Santa Cruz, California. We’re probably about five hundred miles from Santa Cruz, Costa Rica.” 
I could only shake my head. “How did Zhou get here so fast?”
“He’s been waiting for at least a day,” Michael grinned at my confusion. “Zhou left when we arrived at the complex. Plus, he’s made some modifications to the boat,” he winked. “Something that uses sound to push the water out of the way, from what I understand. Can’t be on deck when he uses it.” 
I remembered we probably skipped several hours of time, if not a day. “And is it Friday, or Saturday night?”
“It’s Monday night.”
Three days? “Okay, so why Santa Cruz, Costa Rica?”
“Well, it’s not the exact location, just the closest major city I could think of. Santa Cruz is a little further inland, but once we get that far south, the macaws will meet and lead us where we need to go.”
“Pair of macaws?” A pair of hyacinth macaws had inhabited a neighbor’s yard ever since I was a little girl. They migrated every winter, but returned every summer to the avocado tree in the Nelson’s yard three doors down. “You don’t mean....”
“Yes, your Romeo and Juliet, I think you call them, know where the tree is. They don’t fly over the open ocean, so we find them off the coast, near a resort area called Playa Azul. They will lead us to the river, where we will take the inflatable inland.”
“Yes,” Zhou’s voice came from behind, startling me, “we should spot them tomorrow afternoon.”
I hugged him, “Mr. Zhou, I’m so glad to see you.” I stepped back and looked him over. He looked the same as he did last week. “You haven’t used the Philosopher’s Stone?” I just assumed he would have, as my mother did.
He smiled, “Don’t need to yet. When I do, I will. Now, let’s eat.”


***

Zhou had a feast of fish ‘n chips all laid out for us, complete with ice cold beer. “Been fishing?” Michael asked.
“Catch was good.” Zhou grinned. “Had to do something to keep busy, waiting for you two.”
I was surprised by how hungry I was, given the events that occurred earlier in the evening, or rather Friday evening. Feeling like I’d been awake the last seventy-two hours instead of hopping through them, I kind of zoned out while they chatted.
Michael asked, “Get any sleep?”
“Sure, had it on autopilot all day. No worries, I’ll be up all night.”
“Any sign of the macaws yet?”
“No,” Zhou shook his head, “we’re still too far out. Probably spot them around noon tomorrow, then the rest of the day we’ll follow them by sea. The next day they take you inland.”
Nine days to find the Flamella Tree and hop back to the Society. If the conditions Mom and Jayden are enduring are as tolerable as Michael says, everything will be okay. It drove me crazy that I wouldn’t know until we got back.
Michael went on, “Anything unusual going on back home since we left?”
Zhou glanced at me and smiled too broadly, “Nothing happens in Novica.”
I was mid-way through a gulp of my beer, and while I managed to avoid spraying the table, I nearly choked. Nothing happens in Novica, my ass! Michael and Zhou both sprang to their feet as I turned away from the table and doubled over coughing, ready to perform the Heimlich, if necessary. I stuck my arm out behind me, motioning them back to their seats as I regained my composure. “Excuse me, gentlemen. Please, do go on.”
“I’m sorry, Miss Sam, are you all right?”
“Yes, Mr. Zhou, but let’s make it just Sam from now on?”
“Only if you make it Zhou,” he said with a grin.
“You got it, Zhou.” I felt weird saying it. “What you meant was that nothing new of interest has happened since we left?” Because we all knew there was a lot more going on in Novica than meets the eye.
His eyes darted over to Michael as he nodded, “Right.” He took another bite of food. 
He was leaving something out, but the buzz from my beer kicked in and I decided not to care for a little while if they left me out of the loop. 
Zhou resumed the conversation, “How’s Tollack?”
“Even more self-absorbed and volatile than the last time I saw him, if that is possible.”
“He is a liability. We should have dealt with him long ago,” Zhou condemned.
“He may still be of use,” Michael argued.
Zhou shook his head, “No, he is trouble. I know, I had to put up with him centuries longer than you. We would not be in this situation if not for him.” 
They went on debating who should be counted as friend or foe among the Society members, and I drifted off into my food and thoughts until my plate was clean. By then, I was almost done with my second beer and ready for a cigarette, so I excused myself and took the bottle with me out on deck.


***

A storm was rolling across the ocean, tucking the stars away into its folds. My cigarette was almost gone when Michael and Zhou came out to head up to the bridge. 
“You should probably get settled down below, Sam,” Michael advised me. “It looks like a long night ahead.”
I asked, “Where will you two be?”
Zhou pointed to himself, “I’m going to make sure the boat doesn’t sink,” then jerked his thumb at Michael. “I can’t speak for him.” Michael’s shoulders heaved as he held back a laugh. “Good night, Miss Sam,” he said, forgetting about our agreement.
So did I. “Goodnight, Mr. Zhou.” It was habit.
Michael shook his head at the old man, and said to me, “I’ll be down in a little while. Zhou and I need to finish discussing a few things.” He meant they would finish their conversation about whatever they didn’t want to discuss in front of me at dinner.
I shrugged, said, “Okay,” turned and opened the door to the cabin. Even with Zhou’s hypersonic modifications in place, the sea was rough enough to cause a little pitching and rolling, so I held the handrail on both sides as I made my way down below.
Still charged from the events of the day, I decided that I didn’t want to go to bed. Two beers wasn’t enough; I wanted to be drunk - now - so I went straight for the bar and poured a shot of vodka. It burned as it went down, so I mixed the next double shot with some cranberry juice to take the bite out. 
I went over to the stereo system, and put on one of my old-mix CDs, left behind from a previous voyage. It was an odd mix - No Doubt, The Cure, Republica, Billy Idol, and The Offspring - but whatever state of mind I was in when I made the disc matched up with the inebriated state I was currently in, so it worked for me. I cranked up the volume.
Dancing with Myself always makes me feel better; it helps me forget about the rest of the world. In what seemed like a semi-choreographed routine, I stripped my clothes, hop-stepped into a pair of boxer shorts and shimmied into the cami I’d packed for sleepwear. My feet kept moving while I brushed my teeth and washed my face. Saffron was singing by the time I was done, and I was Ready to Go back and finish my drink, which tasted a little weird after the toothpaste.
I danced and danced, and thought I must have been rocking the boat. I needed to forget what happened at the cabin - how crazy my life had become - and dancing did that, at least temporarily. 
Somewhere about halfway through I’m Just a Girl, not to mention my best Gwen Stefani vocal impression, I felt Michael’s presence in the room. I didn’t see him at first; he hovered in the shadows on the steps. 
I remember trying to get him to dance with me, taking his hand and drawing him into the room. I twirled around him in circles, pausing to strike a provocative pose here and there. He laughed at my goofiness, shaking his head so that his hair fell in just the right way, looking like a shy boy afraid to dance with his date at Sadie Hawkins. I remember taking the collar of his coat in my fists, pulling him into a spin, then slamming him into the wall and kissing him. 
Knotting my fingers in his hair, I pressed my full length against him, the transparency of the thin fabric separating our skin betraying every chiseled line of his chest and torso. Acutely aware of the electricity coursing through my every nerve, I felt the ripple effects of that kiss take hold of my body, burning so intensely, my skin melted where his made contact.
He lifted me, and I hooked my legs around his waist as he carried me across the room, our lips not parting until he dropped me on the couch. My pout lasted a split second, until I saw he was just taking off his trench coat. Then he was on top of me, carefully supporting his weight, while his lips began to not so carefully explore my neck and earlobes. 
I knew then I had been dying of thirst in the desert, and his kisses were my quenching salvation. I wanted nothing more than to drown in them, so I did.


CHAPTER 24
10/03/2006
Reflections


The sun was already more than halfway on its journey to noon by the time I opened my eyes. I sat up, but the spinning in my head combined with the rocking of Poseidon's Gift made me groan and lie back down. One too many, Sam.
Something seemed off, but I couldn’t place what it was. I looked over and saw my cami and shorts on the floor. When did that happen? Then, I remembered throwing myself on Michael, and the whole world turned upside down again. Who am I? Overnight, I’d become a murderer and a cheater. Okay, technically, on the calendar, it was over four nights. It bugged me a little that I found it easier to deal with my former transgression than the latter. They were there to kill you, Sam. It helped to keep that in mind.
Vaguely, I remembered waking and seeing Michael next to me at some point in the night, but there was no sign of him now. I looked up and noticed a note taped to the door that read “Meet me in the galley,” so I got dressed and headed in that direction.

***

At a loss for words when I saw Michael at the stove, I cleared my throat to get his attention. He smiled at me over his shoulder, and gestured for me to take a seat with a spatula.  A moment later, he delivered my plate to the table. “Sorry, it’s just scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. I’m not much of a cook.”
“How many years have you had to learn?” I teased.
He shrugged, “Never had anyone to cook for, I guess.”
I finished a mouthful and taunted him further, “Well, it’s edible.”
He chuckled as he sat down across from me, with his plate. He drew my sunglasses from his trench coat, and slid them over in my direction, “You really should keep these on at all times.”
“Right,” I slipped them on, “I need to make it a habit.” I never was the sunglasses wearing type, so it would be a shift. 
We sat and ate in silence, until I couldn’t stand it anymore. I needed to apologize for throwing myself at him. “Michael, about last night....”
“Sam,” he spoke gently, “last night-”
“Shouldn’t have happened,” I blurted, immediately wishing I hadn’t, because I didn’t want him to think I was upset with him. “No, I mean ... well....” My cheeks burned.
“Oh, you think we....” The smug look on his face put me off at first, “Sam, what’s the last thing you remember?”
“Dancing,” I took a bite of toast, “and drinking a lot. You weren’t drunk, were you?”
“No.”
“I know, I was singing I’m Just a Girl,” my face flushed again.
“And then?” he urged me on.
“Black.”
“Pearl Jam didn’t come up on the play list.”
“No, I mean literally. I don’t really remember much else.” It wasn’t entirely true, but what memories from that point on I did have were pretty tainted.
“You probably shouldn’t drink so much,” he scolded playfully.
“I know, but really Michael...”
“Sam, that’s all that happened,” his tone was even.
“But I woke up without my....”
“Yeah, well,” he sighed. “You fell asleep, so I carried you to bed. I stayed, in case you got sick. About an hour later,” now came his turn to blush, “you jumped up rambling about the heat and stripped, then got back into bed, under the sheet. A half hour later, you were shivering so I covered you with the blanket. I kept my clothes on, except for the trench coat and shoes.”
I chewed on that with my toast for a moment, and remembered very distinctly shoving my tongue down his throat more than once, among other things. “More happened between my singing and passing out than you’re telling me,” I insisted.
“A gentleman never kisses and tells.”
“Those were not very gentlemanly kisses.”
His cheeks flushed again, but he kept his cool, “I thought you didn’t remember anything after I came in the room.” He had me there. He gave a deep sigh before continuing, “Sam, if I were going to take advantage of you, I could have done so on any number of occasions. I’m not going to let you do anything stupid either, both because I’ve sworn to, and because I do care, so please believe me when....”
“Okay,” I cut him off, putting my hand up. He was convincing enough. “I don’t need you to detail all of the reasons why you aren’t going to sleep with me....”
“I never said never,” he winked, “just that we haven’t yet.”
I threw a bit of crust from my toast at him, and it bounced right off of the tattoo on his forehead. He shook his head and just smiled at me like it was the most natural thing, us sitting there together. I couldn’t help but smile back, because it was.

***

We spotted Romeo and Juliet just before noon, just as Zhou said we would. Michael had taken over for Zhou at the wheel so he could get some sleep, and I went to lie out on the deck to get some sun, in shorts and a tank top, while we followed the birds along the coastline. More than getting a tan, I wanted to avoid being alone with Michael. I barely made it through breakfast without kissing him. 
It was a beautiful day, clear skies and fair winds. Inevitably, my thoughts turned to Michael, and the role he now played in my life. What exactly would that be when we got back? I knew that I had certainly not had enough of kissing him yet, and I didn’t know what to do about it. Then there was Bailey, sweet and caring, overprotective and assumingly oh-so-blissfully-ignorant-of-all-of-this-craziness Bailey. Oh crap, what do I do about him?
Artemis never seemed to warm up to him, whereas she adored Michael. Don’t they say you should trust your animal’s instincts? Maybe that’s not quite how it goes, but that’s how I chose to look at it in this situation. Then again, ever since Bailey had confessed to me about his past, I was a little more intrigued. He was a wounded soul, longing for someone to share life with him. Though the circumstances were a little over the top, it was a romantic notion nonetheless. I resolved that I would not decide anything until we got back and I had consulted with Jayden.
My grandfather’s wise feline lay stretched out as still as a statue beside my thigh on the lounge chair, with just the tip of her tail twitching to indicate she was a living creature. I’m sure it is a talent inherent in all felines. I stroked her down her back, which she wasn’t expecting; she flattened her ears and turned her head back, giving me a sharp “Maow.”  
I laughed aloud in response. “If only everything was as simple as you make it look, Fuzzball.” She rubbed her chin on my knee and purred contentedly before going back to her statuesque state. 
I tried not to think about what would be going on back at the Society’s complex, about what Mom and Jay were doing, but it was impossible. I really hoped what Michael said would be true, that they were just sitting back, sipping on some Flamella wine. I wondered how the Society would react when we returned, and what would become of the tree. 
The tree was the reason for my own existence, something my father and grandfather had protected for nearly five hundred years. Samuel was compelled to leave behind everything he knew, and ultimately gave his life to keep it safe. He and Dad had taken it from the Society for a good reason, even if I never fully understood what it was. Only because Mom feared for my life had she agreed to go there, even though she knew it was exactly what my father didn’t want her to do. 
There was no guarantee that Tollack Pennington would keep his word and release any of us upon our return. If I was him, I would be weighing my options on how to dispose of us right now. There were a few I knew would support us, but I didn’t know if they would be enough to overthrow Pennington’s orders. Without the tree, we would be of no use to him. I was not willing to risk sacrificing Mom or Jay though, so Pennington would get his tree. 
We had Hoppers set to get us out of there, but it would be a matter of going on the run if the Society was after us. Things would be much less complicated if everything would go according to plan, and we could ally with the Society. 

***

We dropped anchor in a harbor near a string of resorts just before nightfall, and I watched two lone fishermen pull their nets in the last time for the day. By the time they reached the shore, Zhou had cooked up another wonderful feast for dinner. I ate heartily, but stayed away from the alcohol. We were going to finish getting ready after dinner so that we could leave at dawn, and the last thing I needed to take with me into the jungle was a hangover.
Michael told me that before Zhou left Novica, he had been by my place to pick up a few things, among which was my hiking gear. My pack, complete with binoculars, first aid kit, compass, rope, utility knife, and canteen was ready as always, I just needed to fill the canteen, add a few bottles of extra water and some food. I picked out some khaki cargo pants, a dark green camouflage print t-shirt and my brown hiking boots to wear, and decided I was ready.
I looked out in the other room, and saw Michael arranging some pillows and blankets on the couch. “Michael,” he looked up, startled, but then smiled. “I’m turning in for the night.”
“Did you set an alarm, or shall I wake you?”
“That depends on what method you’d use to wake me,” I purred at him.
He raised an eyebrow, “How ‘bout if you’re not up by five o’clock, I’ll dump a bucket of sea water over your head.”
I wondered if he’d lied about being drunk the night before, and if it was the reason he’d let his guard down. I decided I’d have to get some booze in him again soon and find out. I put my hands on my hips, “I’ll set an alarm.” I turned and pulled the door shut behind me, emphatically.


CHAPTER 25
10/04/2006
Shadows in the Jungle


Artemis was licking my forehead when I woke. I peered out of the window facing the mainland and saw the first sliver of the light escape from the horizon, arching wider, up over the mountains, to chase the stars away before the sun rose. It was early.
I dressed quickly in the clothes I had laid out, then pulled my brush through my hair to detangle it before doing a quick French braid to keep it secure and out of the way.  Finally, I put on my sunglasses.
My hand was on the doorknob when Michael knocked; he looked startled by the immediacy of my response. “Good morning,” I smiled as brightly as I could at that ridiculous hour. It wasn’t hard after I got a good look at him. He’d traded his usual black ensemble for one similar to mine, and without his trench coat, I would be able to admire his physique much more readily.
He raised an eyebrow quizzically, “Good morning. Ready to go play in the jungle?”
“Yeah.” I was ready to stare at his ass all day. “Definitely.”
“Good. I’ve got the inflatable all ready to go.”
The small boat would hold up to four comfortably, so it felt spacious with just the three of us. Artemis stayed in her bag though; we couldn’t risk any claw punctures.
Though I had been to South America before, in more populated areas, I couldn’t recall ever watching the sun rise over the jungle. The light filled in the grey with vibrant colors; like a paint-by-numbers set, the greens of the leaves, the blue of the ocean and the earthy beige of the sand magically appeared before my eyes.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Michael shouted over the engine.
I turned back toward him and smiled, “Absolutely breathtaking.”
“You took the words out of my mouth.”
“No, you said ‘beautiful’.”
“That’s when I was talking about the dawn.”
I would’ve jumped on him right then, but I held back because it probably would’ve knocked us out of the boat. There was still so much about him that was a mystery, I wasn’t sure about anything, except that he knew how to choose the right backdrop to deliver his cheesy lines. 
We followed Romeo and Juliet for about fifteen minutes before we came to the mouth of a river, and it was only minutes more before we were engulfed in the canopy of trees. 
The sound of waves breaking on the rocky shoreline faded into the distance, replaced the rhythmic thrumming of the living, breathing forest.

***

The thick foliage made our progress slow and the humidity made me feel like I was trying to breathe underwater. Michael lead the way, relentlessly hacking away at the jungle with a machete, to make a path for me to follow that almost seemed to disappear again right behind me, so I was afraid to pause for even a second. Every now and then Romeo and Juliet would alight atop a tree and wait for us to catch up before circling off into the sky again.
After four hours on foot, my t-shirt was clinging to my skin, soaked through with the dampness in the air and the sweat streaming from every pore on my skin. We came to the edge of a ravine and I looked over my shoulder to see the sun was already beyond the peak of its journey for the day, just beginning its descent toward the other horizon behind us. It was when I turned my head forward again that my eyes caught one of the slanting sunbeams, angled just so, reflecting back at me from some unnatural surface in the jungle. 
It was only the briefest of flashes, but it was enough to draw my attention down and to the other side of the ravine about five or six hundred feet ahead. Fixing my gaze on that flash, I saw movement about halfway up the wall, and made out two camouflage-clad figures, which appeared to be a man following a woman up a ladder of vines. 
“Michael, look,” I pointed, but he had already seen them. “Why would anyone be out here?”
“Who’s out here is the more important question.”
I fumbled in my pack for my binoculars and raised them to my eyes, but my hands were shaking so badly, all I could make out was her hair was about the same color as mine, cut in one of those short bobs I was afraid I could never pull off. “Here, you take them,” I handed the binoculars to Michael hoping he would have better luck.
He took a moment to get them in focus, and then all the color drained from his face as he lowered them again. He whispered, “What the Hell?” under his breath.
“What?” He didn’t respond, but looked through the lenses again. The woman seemed to be looking directly at me at that moment, and with my sunglasses I just caught a flash of the glowing brand of a Traveler on her forehead. “Do you know them?” I hissed. “Are they assassins?”
“Not unless you’re planning on committing suicide and haven’t told me.” I just looked at him, blinking. He shook his head and passed me a bottle of water. “Even I’m caught off-guard by this one.”
I gulped, realizing the answer before I asked the question. “It’s us, isn’t it?”
He nodded. “Yes. But why? How?”
The Future Us reached the top of the wall, and amalgamated with the forest, disappearing from view. “Guess this kind of blows the theory about not being able to occupy the same time as yourself out of the water, huh?” 
His wrinkled brow and accompanying scowl were his response. “We need to hurry, or they might be gone before we get there.”

***

Scrambling, and mostly falling down into the ravine, we ran along the bottom and then scaled the wall of vines back up the other side. It seemed like we were moving much faster than the other us, I was sure we were gaining on them. 
Romeo and Juliet continued to lead, but had been flying just enough ahead all along that I suspected they were guiding the other us as well.
The rush of air that accompanied a Hopper came just moments before we stepped into the clearing. “Dammit,” Michael muttered.
“What?” We didn’t need any surprises now.
“It’s gone.”
“What? The tree?”
He nodded.
“Maybe it’s just not here yet?” I hoped.
“It was here, Juliet delivered a sample to Zhou overnight.”
I didn’t understand what was happening, “But....”
“We took it.” He meant the other us we saw in the jungle; the us from the future.
“But why?” I was so angry at myself, if I had a gun and the other me was still there, I might’ve shot her. “They should know we needed that tree! Why would I take away my chance at saving Mom and Jay?” I shook my head, “I couldn’t have done this.”
“You didn’t take away anything,” a new voice emerged from up in a tree above us. I scanned the leaves and found its owner was a small dark-skinned man, whose white teeth gleamed through the dark leaves as he beamed down at us. “Well, it is true the other version of you did take away the Flamella tree, but they left a healthy supply of the Essence first.”
“Adjatay, my friend, it’s good to see you,” Michael called up to the shrunken man, clad in a very worn pair of linen shorts and denim vest, which might’ve been a long sleeve shirt at one time.
With surprising agility, he scrambled down the tree, “It is my good fortune to have seen you twice in one day.” He paused and prepared to jump the last six feet, “Though I can’t say too much about the first visit.”
“Why?” I asked as his feet touched the ground.
He stood straight, a tall three inches more than me, and extended his leathery hand in greeting, “Samantha Marquet, it is a pleasure to make our first acquaintance. Which is actually our second, but really your first....”
I smiled and shook his hand, “Don’t worry, I think I’m still following what’s going on.” Artemis meowed, so I let her out. She went straight for Adjatay, and started rubbing his legs
Michael got back to the point, “Why did we take it, Adja? Can you tell us that?”
He shook his head, “They didn’t even tell me why, but I didn’t ask. They did say you should take the fruit to free your friends, and then get the hell out of there. You told them you would bring the tree, but all the Society really cares about is the Philosopher’s Stone, and they will settle for it, for now. The tree will be returned in the near future. In the meantime, get to your friends and get them out of there, my impression is that there are security concerns at the mountain.”
“Will you come back with us Adja?” Michael asked. “Ninety three years is long enough to be out here alone, don’t you think?”
The little man smiled. “How could I ever want to leave all of this?” he asked, waving his left arm in a big arc up to the sky and back around to the forest behind him. “Besides, I am not alone,” Juliet landed on his arm and Romeo in a branch just above them. “This is our home now.”
It was then I understood the macaws didn’t lead us to the tree; they led us to Adjatay, the tree’s guardian. This was a post he had volunteered for; it was not forced upon him. What I didn’t understand was why he would choose to live in utter isolation from other human beings, but I decided that would be a story I would have to hear another time.
“Yes. But, Adja, without the tree here, there is no need for this, this isolation,” Michael continued to try to convince him. 
“Oh, you’ll bring it back. Not right here, but to me, wherever I choose the next site.” He gave us his biggest grin yet. “You gave me a receiver,” he produced two dark green Hoppers from his pockets, “and one of these for each of you. So you’ll come straight to me. But give me at least a month to find the right site.”
I took the Hopper he offered me, but I was skeptical. “How do we know these will bring us to you?” I looked from Adjatay to Michael.
Michael winked. “Do you trust me, and yourself?”
I rolled my eyes and looked back to Adja. “When in the future did they come from?” 
“They didn’t say.”
“So it could be any time?” I knelt to put the Hopper in my pack, and noticed a paper folded inside the band. It said “for Sam only.”
Michael cleared his throat, “It would have to be after Nathaniel had his breakthrough and the time machine became functional.” He knelt to inspect the contents of the burlap sacks.
Pretending I didn’t see the note, I asked, “Are you sure?” That would mean I would be more than two hundred years old when I returned to steal the tree. Unless the long-term, forward travel thing had become possible before then.
Adja answered, “Nothing is ever for sure, Sam.” He stepped closer, “Not even Death, if you have the Philosopher’s Stone.” 
“So I’ve heard.” I wondered how old Adja was.
He looked to make sure Michael was focused on inspecting the crop in the sacks, and whispered, “That is for your eyes only, per Future Michael,” obviously referring to the note. He cupped my hands in both of his, and mouthed, “Read it alone, back at the Mountain.” He smiled gently at me, but I could see sadness in his eyes. Then he said aloud, “Never lose faith, my girl. We will meet again, soon. From what I have seen, everything will work out as it should.”
The way he told me to “never lose faith,” told me he was someone near and dear to my family. Mom and Dad said the same to me often.
“Well, there should be more than enough here to tide them over,” Michael stood up, dusting his hands off.
“Yes,” Adja agreed. “You were very careful to make sure of that.”
“But now we have a change in plans,” Michael told me.
“What?” I asked. “We only have a few days left before we have to be back.” We were supposed to just hop straight from the jungle, with the Flamella tree, back to the Society. Why we wouldn’t go there with the Philosopher’s Stone, I didn’t know.
“We need to get Zhou first; we’ll all hop from there. We can retrieve Poseidon’s Gift later.”
“Why do we need Zhou?” I asked.
Adja answered, “If Future you needed to protect the tree, you’ll want him with you.”
Michael agreed, “If there’s any kind of trouble, we’ll need all the allies we have.” 
“You think Tollack won’t keep his word?” It sounded like a dumb question after I’d asked it.
Adjatay answered, “It might be a first if he did.”
So it was settled.
Adjatay hugged Michael first, then me. “Safe travels, my friends. We will meet again soon.” 

***

Back on Poseidon's Gift, we dashed from the suite to Zhou’s room, and then to the bridge, where we found him reading a book. He looked up at us, alarmed. “Back so soon? Where’s the tree?”
“We’ve had a minor set-back.” Michael summarized what happened in the jungle. 
Zhou regarded him carefully for a moment, “Man, if that’s minor, we better not run into any major set-backs.”
“Then are we agreed it’s best for you to eat the Philosopher’s Stone before we go back? It would not end well if we turned up with the Essence from one of the offspring trees.”
I hadn’t thought about that, “You don’t think we would do that to ourselves?”
Michael sighed, “No, but I’d rather play it safe, than be sorry in the end. I also think it would be best if we have Zhou already in top form, just as a precaution.” Zhou nodded in agreement while Michael held out one of the fruit, “I’m sorry, I know the Mrs. doesn’t like it when you reverse without her.”
Zhou waved away the idea with one hand and took the fruit in the other, “Bah, she’ll understand.” He took a bite, and then another, and another, and on until he had eaten it, Philosopher’s Stone and all.
The transformation was incredible, like watching a time-lapse video of someone aging - all at once - only it was in reverse. His hair darkened and thickened, his skin smoothed and tightened, his heavy eyelids lifted, the blue veins on the backs of his hands receded under the skin and his clothing, which had hung loosely on his skeletal frame, was now filled out, fitted to the lean and muscular, young-version of Zhou. 
He held his hands up before him to examine them, then brought his palms together and bowed to us. When he raised his head, he was smiling broadly. “It’s good to be back.”


CHAPTER 26
10/10/2006
Return


We stumbled onto the floor in the suite at the complex, and I immediately checked my Hopper for the time, but I was blinking away bright spots in my eyes from the light, so I couldn’t read it. “Tell me we made it in time.” There was no sign that Mom and Jay were there now.
“Yes,” Michael smiled as he looked back up from his Hopper. “With more than three days to spare.” 
“Tollack won’t like that,” Zhou added.
“So what now?” I asked, while bending down to free Artemis again.
“We’ll be their heroes when we deliver the fruit. Then we’ll call for a vote that will oust Tollack, and put your mother in his place,” Michael stated.
I asked, “And what happens to Pennington?”
“He will either comply or face alienation,” Zhou projected. “He could also choose to join with one of our various enemies, though I doubt he would.” 
“Why not?” It seemed like a viable option to me.
“He would align with them only as a last resort,” Michael explained. “His primary concern is where his next fix of the Philosopher’s Stone is going to come from.”
“And we’re the only ones who can give it to him,” I said. 
Michael nodded. “It will all work out,” he assured me. “But, before we do anything else, I’m sending Artemis back to the Mansion.”
“Why?” My stomach did a flip-flop at the thought of her hopping alone.
“For her own protection. There’s a reason the Future Us didn’t want the tree here, I think it would be best to send her ahead, too - just to be safe.”
Zhou agreed, “This way we don’t need to worry about her if anything does happen. The Society doesn’t realize her significance, but an enemy from the future might.”
I nodded my consent, picked her up and kissed the top of her head, and then put her on the dining table. Michael took a device from his pocket similar to the Hoppers, only without a wristband. He pulled the face up, twisted it clockwise, and then set it flat on the table in front of Artemis, who was sitting up at attention, waiting patiently.
Michael rubbed under her chin, “Ready to go, Miss Mis?”
“Errraow,” she crooned lovingly. She turned her head and dipped it upside down into his hand for another ten seconds before she finally looked up at me, said, “Maow,” then pressed her right forepaw on the Hopper’s face. The Hopper glowed with a hot white flash, extending into an arc of iridescent light that surrounded Artemis, and then contracted into nothing, taking her with it.
I looked to Zhou, then Michael, “You’re really sure she’ll be ok?”
Zhou laughed, and clapped a hand on my shoulder. “Worst case, she’ll have to get out and do a little hunting for a change. She’s good at it, don’t worry, she won’t starve.” Then he excused himself to go look for Mom and Jay. 
I thought back to the scenario Michael had laid out for going forward. The whole thing really didn’t sound like Mom’s cup of tea, “Is Mom going to go for this? Taking over the Society?”
“She’s already been working on it, while we were getting the fruit,” he informed me. “The truth is, Marion doesn’t like to play the politics of the Society, but she is a master of the art. Until you’re ready to take charge, she will act as your steward.”
Again, with the planning my life, without my input, “What if I’m never ready?”
“Some of the best leaders in history didn’t ask for their job; they never believed themselves to be ready, and many of them never finished, for that matter.” He left me to ponder that while he went in search of Mom and Jayden. 
Who is the right person to bear this responsibility? Is there such a person? Aside from a stint as swim team co-captain senior year, I’d never been in a position that required leadership. I never asked for this burden - to govern the Society and the Flamella tree - and I knew I would never be ready, but with the support and advice of people in the circle around me, I resolved I would find a way to manage. 
Then I remembered the letter, and figured now was the time to read it. I slid my finger under the edge of the paper, and unfolded it; it was not in my handwriting.

Dearest Sam,
This note finds you out of necessity, nothing more or less. I believe you’ve grown to trust me, and you must now, more than ever, as you read this. I also believe over the last few days, you’ve been considering the status of your relationship. When you get back to Novica, you must pretend everything is as it was. You must put some distance between yourself and the Michael in your time. I know you understand what I mean, if not why. 
Annika, Alec and Kristoff will fill in for the interim. All suspicions about Bailey aside, for your own sake, you must figure out how you honestly feel about him. Too many questions will go unanswered forever if you don’t. Yes, this is the only way. 
Do not tell Michael, me, about this letter, or its contents. Tell him you need to decide how you feel about Bailey on your own, without him in the way - he will give you room. 
Know that my purpose for existence is to ensure your safety and happiness. The Me you are with now doesn’t know what I know; if he did, he would agree with me, so please do as I ask..
Your whole life is ahead of you, and then you have the future to look forward to after. Don’t ever lose sight of that.
Forever, your faithful servant,
Michael

I read it three times to make sure I understood, looking for the hidden meanings I found in everything he said, but it was pretty clear. He was telling me to tell him to leave me alone and to go be with Bailey. Why would he do that? When I saw our future selves together in Costa Rica, I assumed it meant that we would be together - as in a couple. Were we only working together then to complete a mission? 
Michael knew what my future was supposed to be. He knew the words that I would write. He also knew if I would marry, or have children, a subject we had not touched. Would my choosing him cause some catastrophic shift in the timeline? 
I folded the note, and tucked it in my back pocket just as the door opened. When Michael walked in, I burst into tears. I threw on a smile and was able to play them off as tears of joy when Mom and Jay followed him in. He never guessed that they were tears of sorrow over having to let go of the man I now knew I loved. 

***

I hugged them both fiercely, then stepped back to look at them, wiping the tears from my eyes. “You’re both really okay?” I sniffed. “They didn’t torture you the whole time we were gone?”
Jay put her arms around me tight, “It was hell. Wanna see the ligature marks?”
“Jayden Meredith Gage!” Mom gasped.
Jay laughed, “We drank wine, hung out at the pool, went to the spa; it was like being at a resort in Vegas, without the casino.”
I looked at Michael, who looked slightly bemused, “Really?”
“That’s a lot closer to reality than the whole ligature scenario,” he replied. “Though I would compare it more to a resort in Palm Springs, without the sun.” His expression grew more somber. “Now we have to be ready for the Council again. I sent Kristoff and Neve to alert and assemble them. Zhou should be back soon, with Alec and Annika, to escort us.”
The constant movement of the pawns on his board was impossible for me to keep up with. “Why do we need escorts?” I asked.
Jayden looked in one of the sacks, “How many pieces of fruit did you bring?” I shrugged. “That’s how many reasons you have. Some people in here would kill us all for just one.”
Mom put a hand on her shoulder, “She’s being a little overdramatic.”
“Yes,” Michael said. “The sooner we get her some fresh air, the better.”
“That would be wonderful,” Jay agreed. “However, first Sam needs to make a phone call.”
“I do?” I was perplexed.
“Bailey’s been blowing up your phone, I finally answered it yesterday. I told him Marion died and you were too distraught to talk, and that you would call as soon as possible.”
The dread of calling him must have been written all over my face. Mom said, “Just keep it short and simple. Fake cry hysterically, tell him you’ll be home in a few days and hang up.”
“Thanks, Mom, you make it sound so easy.” I rolled my eyes. “Where’d you leave the phone, Jay? I should go in the other room.”
“On your pillow, waiting for you. I’ll come with, so you can start sniffling and pass the phone off to me.”
Sounded like a good idea to me, “K.”
“Don’t take too long,” Mom called after us. “We don’t want to keep Tollack waiting.”

***

Annika and Alec led the way, with Zhou and Michael following close behind. Each of them carried one of the four sacks of fruit.
Immediately upon entering the assembly chamber, I knew more members of the Society arrived in our absence. There were so many people in the room, the entire second and third balconies were full. I hadn’t noticed that the upper levels were even there the first time. There would have been enough of the Philosopher’s Stone to spare, if not for the newcomers, but most of them didn’t look like they needed it just yet.
The places we had taken previously were now occupied, but it seemed there was a place of honor being held for us on the floor. Another table had been brought in, with chairs for Mom, Michael, Jay and me. Neve and Kristoff were already there, facing the Council’s empty table. We joined them, and as Jayden was about to pull out her chair, Michael reached over to stay her hand. “I would prefer if we all stood, together.”
They all looked at me; I nodded, “Probably a good idea.”
A flurry of whispers swirled about the room as our escorts placed the sacks of the Essence on the table before us. Kristoff, Neve, Alec and Annika lined up behind us and faced the audience, assault rifles in hand, but kept pointed at a semi- reserved position toward the floor. 
There was still no sign of the Council arriving, so Mom leaned into my ear, “Stay close to Michael.” Then she stepped past me, tapped Zhou on the shoulder, and he followed her up to the Council’s table. 
She took the Elder’s position, at Pennington’s podium, and Zhou stayed positioned just behind her. His stance was relaxed, unassuming, but I saw the way his eyes were scanning the room. He was not the sweet little old bookshop keeper any more, he was a cobra, coiled and waiting to strike. 
I thought she was pushing things a little too far already, but Mom picked up Tollack’s gavel, turning it over thoughtfully in her hand before she brought it crashing down on the table. “This meeting is now called to order.”
No one so much as breathed for at least a full thirty seconds before someone from one of the upper balconies called out, “On whose authority?”
“On the authority of the Sovereign of Time,” she proclaimed. 
Another captain of the Shadow Watch, who was on the floor, spoke next, “What makes you presume to be the Sovereign?”
“I don’t presume, Rodrigo, I said the meeting is called on the Sovereign’s authority. You’d best remember who allowed you in this Society.” He ducked his head in shame. “And you would all do best to remember that without the Philosopher’s Stone, there is no Society.” She gestured to the table, “We have brought a very generous gift, in exchange for the Society’s humble acceptance. The Marquets will take back their rightful sovereignty of this Society, or this will be the last of the Philosopher’s Stone you ever see.”
The Council entered just then, and Tollack looked as though he might burst an artery before he could get a bite of the fruit he had been waiting for. “What is the meaning of this?” he roared.
“Tollack, how nice of you to join us,” Mom greeted him and nodded to the other members, who were taking their seats. “Michael, would you be a dear?”
He got her vacant chair and brought it over to the Council’s table, and placed it at the far end of the Council’s table, facing the podium. To my surprise, he patted Tollack on the back, “There you go, Buddy, all ready for you.”
That angered Pennington more, “Guard!” But they made no move.
Another voice echoed from above, “Just take a seat, old man.”
And another, “Yeah, we just want the Philosopher’s Stone.”
“She’s got it. You don’t.”
“Lucky he doesn’t have to come and sit up here with us.”
Mom let them go on with their jeers for a few minutes before she raised her hand and closed her fist. The room was silent again. “Now then, as I was saying....”
Then the room went dark.


CHAPTER 27
10/10/2006
Unanticipated


Red emergency beacons began flashing from the ceiling just as chaos ensued. A lower octave horn blared at intervals two seconds apart; a calm sounding recorded voice announced, “Code black alert, code black alert. Please take your positions.” People started running to every exit. “Security protocol E.U.K., repeat, security protocol E.U.K. That is the end of this transmission.”
The horns stopped, but the lights continued to flash, “What’s E.U.K.?” I asked Michael.
“Enemy Un-Known,” he growled.
I grabbed Jay’s hand, and could feel she was shaking in fear, too. “What’s hap-” I was cut off by a burst of gunfire from the hall just outside the room.
“Get her out of here Michael,” Mom shouted as she ran toward the table, “Go!”
Michael shoved me in the opposite direction, “This way.” The enemy was already in the room, and Shadow Watchers were flocking to fight them off, so everyone else could escape through other tunnels.
I looked over my shoulder, and saw Mom gathering the sacks of the Essence. Zhou intercepted two of the assassins coming toward her, while she turned the dial on a Hopper. Michael urged me on through the crowd, “Sam, come on!”
I heard another shot go off, and heard Mom’s scream just as I felt the air being sucked out of the room. I looked back again as we reached the hall, but Mom and Zhou were nowhere in sight. I let go of Jayden to go back. “Mom!”
“No, Sam!” Michael grabbed my arm and dragged me along. “She’s gone for now, with Zhou and the Essence.” They hopped. 
“But I heard her scream.”
“They’ll be back in the suite in a couple of hours. We need to get you out of here, now!”

***

Kristoff and Neve led as we ran for our lives to I don’t know where down the hallway. I could hear random bursts of gunfire coming from several locations. Michael was right behind Jay and me; I assumed Alec and Annika were covering the rear. “Left here, Neve,” Michael shouted.
We turned and then went left again, without skipping a step, when a gorgeous young Asian woman turned in with us from the other direction, falling in just behind Kristoff and Neve. Michael switched positions with Jay and me, but stayed just far enough behind the woman to not get hit by the long black braid that started at the crown of her head and ended somewhere mid-thigh. “Michael, where’s Zhou?”
“With Marion. They hopped, Li-Ming,” he panted at her. 
“Chicken. He’ll miss all the fun.”
“Sorry we forgot your invitation.”
“Oh, he called soon as you got here. Said it was time to recapture my youth, since he already had.” Then I knew she was Mrs. Zhou, who was around seventy-five, white haired and very frail the last time I saw her. “I felt there was something more going on, so I came.”
“You always do get those feelings.”
“I wasn’t expecting this kind of party, though.” She paused as we turned left at another corner, and then went on, “I’ve knocked out three of the intruders so far. What the fuck is going on?” 
“I wish I knew, Li-Ming,” he answered.
We made a right that came to a dead end; Michael put his hand on the wall, which lit up with a blue light where he touched it. The granite door slid back to admit us, and then closed again. 
The small room barely held all of us, but we weren’t staying there. The walls were lined with guns, vests, helmets and canisters of gas. The A.T.F. would have a field day raiding this place. 
From the way Michael and his team moved, Jay and I could tell they had drilled for this, or something like it, anyway. We stood in the middle while they each took a section. Neve tossed us vests, Alec shoved helmets on our heads, Kristoff and Michael buckled on our holsters. Annika helped us pull on our masks, while the others stuffed our pockets with ammo. I assumed it would be for them, they just needed the extra pockets. In all, it took no more than ninety seconds to get suited up.
Our helmets had a built-in com system, I discovered this when I heard Michael ask, “Alec, you can get in the mainframe and lock everything down from here, right?”
Alec was already typing away at a holographic keyboard, and his voice came back right in my ear, “Yeah, no one’s getting in or out now. There are a hundred and seventy-eight of them by the way.”
“Shit,” Michael was thinking out loud. Jayden and I exchanged a wide-eyed look of fear, but kept our thoughts to ourselves.
“We’ve got to get to the Council,” Neve said.
“No,” Michael and Li-Ming argued in unison. 
Li-Ming explained, “They should already be separated, in their bunkers.”
Michael added, “They should be safe as long as they stay locked down. If not, they’ll bring them to the vaults, so that’s where we’ll go.”
Neve looked like she was about to argue, but Kristoff activated a door on the wall to the right from where we entered, and we all followed him, so she was out-voted. It was clear Alec was staying behind to help, by way of digital warfare; once the door closed on him, the room he was in would be invisible to the intruders.
The new passage opened up to another part of the caverns that I had not been in yet, but then I hadn’t seen much of the place before Michael and I took off in search of the Flamella tree.  
We zigzagged through a few corridors before I asked, “Why would they want to take the Council to the vaults?” 
“That’s where the stores of the Essence and Philosopher’s Stone are kept, and it takes three of them to open it. Marion is also a key holder, and so are you,” Kristoff answered. While I didn’t expect the last part, I wasn’t surprised by it either.
We turned a corner and the ornate gargoyles carved into the walls of that tunnel became living breathing creatures beneath the flashing red lights. 
Michael asked, “Alec, can you get us patched in to Breckenridge?”
“Been working on it ... I think Trace scrambled their signal ... got it.”
The screech of feedback came through the helmet, followed by the sound of gunfire, and then another voice, “Reyes, Smith, Jeffries, Larsson, take the south tunnel.” 
Michael decided to let him know we were listening, “Breckenridge, we’re on the move to the vault.”
The Captain of the Shadow Guard replied, “Sumter, what the hell?” That’s when I found out Michael did have a last name after all. “How are you on my com?”
“Alec patched us in,” Michael answered. 
We could hear him breathing hard as he ran, “How many are you?”
“Five, plus two rooks.”
More gunfire, and then, “Do not engage, Sumter. Get Sam to the vault before they get there.”
“That’s what I’d planned.”
We ran through corridor after corridor, some on an incline, some on a decline, until I knew I would never find my way out alive on my own. 
Alec warned us before we came to the next corner, “You got five coming up the hole, be ready at the turn.”
“Sam, Jay, you fall behind us,” Michael ordered, so we did.
They took the left turn at a full run and opened fire immediately. We held our guns at the ready but there was no need for them by the time we rounded the corner.  
Breckenridge’s voice crackled through again, “Rao, you’re with me. Sumter we’re on our way.”
We turned another corner and came to a stop behind Neve and Kristoff. There was a car blocking our path. A woman’s voice asked, “Did you find my present?”
Michael answered, “Thanks, Trace.” To us he said, “Get in, Sam, Jay, heads down.”
We crouched on the floor in the middle as the car took off, and almost immediately there was gunfire from the tunnel we left behind. Annika and Kristoff returned fire, while Michael and Neve kept their eyes, and guns, trained ahead. I didn’t see if they hit anyone, but the gunfire stopped after twenty seconds, so either they did or we got away.
Alec’s voice crackled in again, “Down to one-fifty-one it looks like. We’ve lost two, another twenty injured but the Essence will cure them.”
“Where are the rest of the Society members, and the Council?” Jay asked.
“Split up in groups, secure in four bunkers if the protocol hasn’t changed,” Kristoff answered.
“It’s five now,” Breckenridge answered. “We’ve confirmed they are secure.”
“Any idea what this is yet, Logan?” Michael asked.
“They bear the mark; this was definitely a coordinated drop.”
“You think they’re all fresh from the future?”
“I don’t think there could be any other explanation, there are too many. They might have met up with a few that were already here, but it couldn’t be more than a handful. See anyone you know yet?” I decided they must be in a car also; he wasn’t puffing from running anymore.
“No, the few we’ve seen didn’t take time for introductions,” Michael answered. “Why?”
“Just don’t be surprised if you do, and don’t forget why they’re here.”
Michael’s grip tightened on his gun, “Roger that.” 

***

The car came to a stop; it hurt to stand back up after crouching so long, but I managed to follow Jayden. Michael led the group again, “Our rendezvous is just ahead, through that door.” That door was twenty yards down a corridor that was too narrow for the car to traverse.
Neve and Kristoff were right behind me; we were running as hard as we could for the door when I heard the thud of one of them hitting the ground. 
Jay and I spun around and opened fire, while Neve crouched and struggled to drag Kristoff, who had fallen face first, past us. Michael and Annika stepped into line with Jay; he nodded for me to help Neve. There were three gunmen hiding behind the car, and I saw three bodies in the hall.
Neve and I each took an arm, lifting Kristoff’s upper body up off the ground, his legs dragging behind. Michael, Annika and Jay took turns exchanging shots with whoever was left at the other end of the tunnel, providing us with cover. We struggled with his dead weight, but we made it through the door and a few feet to the left before we lay him down and turned him on his back. Neve pulled off his helmet and I checked his neck for a pulse even though I could see his chest rise and fall with each ragged breath. 
Jay came through the door next and knelt beside me. Neve moved to cover the door when there was a small blast at the end of the hall. Several of us exclaimed “What the...” at the same time and then Breckenridge’s voice was in my ear again, “Just clearing our path, Sumter. Don’t shoot us.”
Another voice, that must’ve been Rao, added, “But we’re bringing trouble on our tail.”
Jayden rolled Kristoff to his side, and was checking him over for signs of a bullet. “I don’t see any blood,” I tried to assure her. “I think they just knocked him out.”
“I’m just making sure,” she mumbled as she loosened his vest. It only occurred to me then that she was crushing on Kristoff. I didn’t have time to worry about it though.
I leaned over to see through the doorway, and then stumbled to my feet to see two figures racing toward us, and Breckenridge shouted, “Hit the door!” I could see three or four more figures enter at the end of the hall.
They dove in and hit the ground, rolling right back up on their feet just as the door slid shut. The number of the enemy running down the hall had grown to six, and I expected there were still more to follow. Everyone had their helmets off, Michael and Breckenridge were next to the door speaking in hushed tone, Jay and Annika were hovering over Kristoff, and Neve had wandered to the back of the room, where there was an archway that led to the vaults.
I cleared my throat before asking, “What now?”
Breckenridge and Michael both turned, but Breckenridge answered, “Trace says the last of them are gathering in the corridor outside, once they’re there ... okay she’s sealing them in now,” I noticed he still wore an earpiece that kept him in contact without the helmet. “Once that’s sealed she’ll knock them out with gas, then we’ll have about thirty minutes to get them secured.”
Michael continued, “Then we begin the interrogations.” Then it seemed like everyone was talking at once.
“When will Mom and Zhou reappear?” I was anxious to know they were fine.
Annika asked Jayden, “Did you see this?”
Jayden looked, and pulled a small needle from Kristoff’s neck, “So that’s it.”
Michael answered me, “Probably forty-five more minutes, maybe an hour.”
Rao asked, “How long ‘til the gas clears?”
Breckenridge was listening to his earpiece, “Okay, thank you Trace.” He turned to us, “Five minutes and we’re clear.”
Li-Ming suddenly dropped to one knee beside Kristoff and withdrew a pouch from a long black cord around her neck. She tilted his head up, parting his lips to pour a fluid in his mouth. He moaned and turned his head in Jay’s lap, but still did not wake up. “It may take a little while yet, but that will stop the poison.”
We all looked at her. Jay asked “How did you know?”
Neve added, “I thought it was a tranquilizer.”
Li-Ming nodded, “And it was laced with something else.” She pointed to Kristoff’s face, “See around his eyes? The skin is turning blue. Check his fingernails too, they’ll be the same. Well, they were turning blue anyway, now they’ll go back to normal, but it will take a little while.”
Breckenridge hugged her, “You saved his life, Li-Ming.”
She shrugged, “Guess I did show up at the right time, after all.”


CHAPTER 28
10/11/2006
The Family Tree


As a fail-safe, the door that sealed us in didn’t open for another eight minutes after the door on the other end of the corridor, extending our wait to thirteen minutes in all. When the door opened, a medical team swarmed in and immediately loaded Kristoff onto a stretcher and then rushed off again to take him to the infirmary. Jayden followed right behind.
I moved toward the door, laying my eyes on the bodies piled up just outside. Breckenridge said the count should be forty three, but it looked like more. They were alive, just knocked out by whatever the Society’s gas of choice was, and there was already a team of six Shadow Watchers disarming and cuffing our unconscious enemies, when we joined them. 
There were mostly men, but among them I did count five women. I helped Michael bind wrists and sit unconscious prisoners up against the walls for a few minutes before I asked, “So women get to go into combat in the future?”
I didn’t know Li-Ming had come to stand behind me until she giggled, “Yes, I sometimes forget they don’t now.” 
Michael sighed, “It’s not as far off as it seems though. Soon, very soon.”
Breckenridge joined us, clapping Michael’s left shoulder with his right hand, “Good work, Sumter.”
Michael turned and gripped his hand and then they slapped the backs of their hands together and finished with a fist bump. “You too, man.” His brief grin faded back to serious mode, “Do we have them all now?”
Breckenridge shook his head, “There are still a few stragglers, but we have them where they won’t be getting away.”
I wondered what would become of them after the Shadow Guard was done interrogating them. It wasn’t as though they could be sent to a normal prison, not that they had necessarily done anything to be convicted of, but they wouldn’t exist for a couple hundred more years. These certainly weren’t the first enemies the Society had dealt with, which would mean they would have their own way to deal with prisoners. Their brain-washing experiments came to mind, and then I pushed the thought from my mind altogether because I decided it would probably be better if I didn’t know.
Michael sighed, “You know none of them are going to talk, right?” 
Breckenridge nodded, “We still have to take them through the process.”
“Better scan them all for suicide capsules too,” Michael added. “They’ve all got them most likely, since they knew they’d be landing in here.”
The Captain’s eyes widened, “Didn’t think of that, but will do.” He nodded in my direction, “Do you want to get her out of here before they start waking? We can get it from here.”
Michael nodded, “Yeah, we’ll stop and check in on Kristoff too.”
Li-Ming said, “I’m coming with you; I need to see Zhou.” 
“Be careful,” Breckenridge warned. “There are five together in the North fork. And Trace has seven, wait,” he listened to his earpiece for a second. “Make that six individuals scattered about; she doesn’t know if they’re too wounded to move or just lying in wait, but be ready.”
“Will do, man,” he put his hand on the Captain of the Shadow Guard’s shoulder in a show of brotherhood. “Thanks,” he added before turning to me. “Ready?” Li-Ming and I nodded and followed him down the hall.

***

The systems were not all back up and running yet, and there were still bodies and debris in the tunnels, preventing the cars from running, so we had to walk. Bullet holes punctured the stone murals, converting what might have been a tranquil scene of horses grazing by a lake into a crater filled war zone. Down the next tunnel were gargoyles missing wings and talons, and in yet another was a cherub with a bullet hole right between its eyes. 
Twice, the tunnel we went down had been collapsed, and it occurred to me their mission must have been to get the tree, and seal us in. But how would they have known the tree was here, or me, if I was as much a target as Michael said? This question was nagging at the back of my mind as we reached the infirmary. 
Inside, and down two well-lit halls that resembled any other hospital, we found a room with Jayden at Kristoff’s side. She ran her fingers through his hair as a nurse checked his vitals. 
“How is he?” Jay asked her.
Just then he stirred; his eyes fluttered open. “I’m better now that you’re here.”
She smiled down at him, “I’ve been here.” She looked back up, saw us and waved for us to enter. To the nurse, she echoed “How is he?”
The nurse sighed wearily, “It appears the Essence has done the job, once again. He will make a full recovery, and he’ll have whoever found that poison dart to thank for it. It was something new, definitely from the future; they’re analyzing it in the lab now. If that dart didn’t come out when it did, and he didn’t get the Essence right away, he wouldn’t be here. That’s for certain.”
“You don’t think I could’ve beaten it without the Essence?” Kristoff joked as he raised the bed into a sitting position, clearly feeling better.
Clearly not amused, the nurse replied with a curt, “No,” and scurried out of the room.
“Thank you, Florence,” Michael called after her as he walked over to Kristoff. They did one of their weird little handshakes. “Had me worried about you there, brother.”
“Ha, ha!” Kristoff chuckled. “You worried about me? Isn’t that something for a change?”
“I’m not planning on getting used to it,” Michael replied. “We have enough to worry about right now, replacing you would be challenging.”
“Challenging?” Kristoff scoffed at him. “It would be impossible! I’m irreplaceable.”
“That you are, my friend,” Michael smiled.
Satisfied Kristoff would make a full recovery, we left Jay there. Michael, Li-Ming and I continued on our way back to the suite. When we arrived, we found it empty, which made me nervous. “Are you sure they got away? Are you sure they’ll be here?”
Michael put his hand on my shoulder, “They will be here.”
And just then I felt the vacuuming of air from the room, and Mom and Zhou and four burlap sacks landed in the middle of the room. Then Zhou collapsed, and I found out why Mom screamed - he’d taken a bullet to the chest just as they hopped.
“Zhou!” Li-Ming bounded across the room, kneeling beside him. Mom handed her one of the Essence, and she ripped away the flesh, putting the seed to his lips. “Eat.” He hesitated. “Now,” she commanded.
He took one bite, then another, and as he swallowed, the flow of blood receded. Li-Ming ripped his shirt away, revealing the wound, which was getting smaller before my eyes. Michael helped her get Zhou sitting up, and he examined his back. “Looks like it went clean through.”
Zhou coughed, and said, “Feels like it, too.” He looked down at the pink flesh now covering the hole, and ran his fingers over it. “Another inch to the left and even the Philosopher’s Stone wouldn’t have saved me.” He looked at Mom, “Thanks for taking me on the hop.” It had been his intention to stay and fight.
“Almost didn’t make it,” Mom said. “I barely brushed you with my fingertips.”
“It was enough,” Li-Ming breathed. “Thank you, Marion.” She hugged Mom, then Michael, and me.
“Mom,” I turned to her, and hugged her fiercely, “I was so worried.”
She took my shoulders and stepped back, looking me over, “Are you alright? Are the intruders secured?”
“Yes,” Michael and I both answered. I went on, “Michael and the others were amazing. It was insane,” I started babbling, “they hit Kristoff with a poison dart, and if Li-Ming hadn’t given him the elixir when she did, he might not have made it.”
Even as I was singing her glories, Li-Ming was too busy to take credit. Zhou was on his feet again, and they were locked in a passionate kiss. She had the only reward she needed, and it was clear they would need some time alone together, soon. 

***

After everything settled down in the rest of the mountain, we left our suite to join the Society in the Assembly Hall.  We entered, and Mom addressed the head of the Shadow Watch immediately, “Captain Breckenridge, what is our status?” 
“We have the Mountain, Mrs. Marquet. Five of the intruders are still holed up, in one of the bunkers. If they don’t surrender, we will gas them out shortly.”
Members of the Society were trickling in through the various entrances to the auditorium. It appeared we would be resuming the assembly where we left off, while handling the new issues at hand as well.
“How many do we have captive?” Mom asked.
“Counting those five, twenty-eight. We had nineteen more but Michael was right, they must have had suicide capsules - they dropped dead with no bullet holes in ‘em.”
“That’s disturbing,” Jay muttered to me under her breath.
Breckenridge continued, “We’ll have toxicology back in a couple of hours.”
“Thank you, Logan.” She surprised me by hugging him and giving him a peck on the cheek. “Why don’t you go see about accommodations for our remaining guests?” 
“Yes, Mam.” He saluted her, winked at me and left the room.
I looked at my mother in shock, “What the...?” I wondered if my encouraging her to date all these years had been breath wasted.
She knew what I was thinking right away, “No, no dear - it’s not what you think. Logan’s my nephew, your cousin.”
“But,” I was completely confused, “I thought we didn’t have any relatives?”
Mom simply said, “I will explain, but it will have to be later.” She took her place at the podium, and struck the gavel, calling the meeting back to order. “Now, back to business.”
Ilsabein Unverfehert stood, and moved to the floor before speaking. “Before this attack, we, the Society, accepted Marion Marquet would lead the Council. In fact, we welcome it.” There was a round of applause. “It was decided in the mind of every member the moment the Philosopher’s Stone was delivered, before Pennington and the Council even entered the room, so I think we can forgo the formality of a vote, Marion.” She smiled as the cheers from the audience validated her statement. She bowed her head to my mother, and Mom returned the gesture before Ilsabein returned to her seat. 
“I only have one other matter to address before we get preparations underway,” Mom said. She turned to Tollack, who had been escorted to a seat on the floor. “Tollack, I would like to add another seat to the Council’s table.” A few whispers rippled through the room. “As I have been away for decades, and you have been handling the day to day affairs of the Society, I would like to extend you the opportunity to serve as my Chief Advisor.”
They didn’t tell me about that part of the plan. As Tollack walked up to the table, taking his new place, Michael leaned to whisper in my ear, “At least he’ll think he is.”
Tollack finally spoke up, “My dear, Mrs. Marquet, there is still one more matter that needs to be settled.”
“What on Earth is that, Tollack?” Her exasperation was evident.
His sugary coating melted away. “The deal was for the tree itself, not just the fruit. Where is the Flamella Tree?” Desperation had set in, and he was grasping for any way to shake her foothold on territory he considered to be his.
“You should be grateful to still have a seat at that table!” I shouted, irate he dared to mention the tree at that point. If Michael hadn’t grabbed my shoulder, I would’ve charged across the floor and slapped him. “Your precious tree - no, my Flamella tree is safe, where it will remain, as I see fit.” It was the truth, even if I didn’t know where Future Me had it stashed, or when for that matter. 
I turned to the Society and shouted up to them, “Just so we’re all clear on this, Marion is in charge around here, and I’m in charge of the damn tree. Right?” Shouts, cheers and applause erupted from the audience. “Anyone besides Tollack have a problem with that?” The room fell silent. I faced Tollack again, “You have your next fix of the Philosopher’s Stone - we all know that’s what you really care about - so shut the hell up, before I change the terms again!” 
Mom came to my side sometime during my outburst, but I didn’t notice until she took my hand just then. She must have known it was itching to go for the Marquet Special I was wearing under my jacket. We turned and strode out of the room, with Jay and Michael right behind. I was later told Tollack’s mouth hung open for a full two minutes before Eleanor Bennis walked over and tapped his chin to remind him to shut it.


CHAPTER 29
10/11/2006
Festive Preparations


A centuries old tradition dictated a celebration be held for the Feast of the Philosopher’s Stone; all members of the Society who were ready to shed a few decades from their appearance would do so together in ceremony. This Feast would also mark the official ceremony of induction to the Society for Jayden and me, so we had to get ourselves all dolled up. 
This was the first chance Jay and I had to talk alone since Michael and I returned, and I had been bursting to talk to her about the letter from Future Michael from the moment I read it. But this thing with Kristoff sprang up on me out of nowhere, and I had to interrogate her about it, so I blurted “So, what’s up with you and Kristoff?”
She sat down at the vanity in the bathroom. “Blah, blah. You have your Shadow Watcher, and now I’ve found one of my own. Ha!” She stuck her tongue out at me.
I proceeded to start combing and sectioning out her hair. “How did this happen? When?”
“It started the day they came to check out the computer. And then you left me trapped here,” she gave me her most impish grin, “I had to find some way to make my confinement more bearable.” 
I smiled back at her in the mirror, “I see.”
“Why?” She looked concerned, “Do you have a problem with it?”
Laughing, I assured her, “Nope. Just seemed kind of sudden to me, that’s all.”
“You skipped a few days in all your hopping, too. We’ve had plenty of time,” she winked, “don’t worry.” Then she stuck her hand up in the air with a grabbing gesture, “Now hand over the letter.”
I gave it to her to read while I continued to curl and twist her hair into an elaborate arrangement on top of her head. She must have read it three or four times at least because her ‘do took me awhile. 
She didn’t look up at me or speak until I said, “Voila,” to announce that I was finished. 
She set the letter down on the vanity, picked up the hand mirror and turned around to inspect my work. She flashed me a smile of approval, “Perfect.” Then her face grew more solemn, “So this letter, here’s my take: Future You knew Present You fell in love with Present Him right about now, and told Future Him, and Future Him knew that might mess things up so he wrote Present You the letter because he knows Present Him is too in love with you to stay away if you’ll have him.”
I repeated it all in my head to make sure I had it straight. “You’re going on this big assumption that he’s in love with me.”
She raised her eyebrow, and said, “Really? I think the letter clears up any doubt.”
“If anything, it only confuses me more.”
“Think about it.”
I ran back it back again mentally, making sure I didn’t miss anything. “Maybe.” Would he do that? “I don’t know,” I shook my head. “You think that’s what it is?”
She got up so we could trade places. “You said you were together in that jungle.”
I sat down, “But I don’t know if we - they were, you know, ‘together’ together, or if they were just working together.” 
“No,” she shook her head defiantly, “you are together. You have to be.”
“Wow.” Her definitiveness on the issue surprised me. “And here I thought you liked Bailey.”
“It’s true, he is delicious eye candy. And he’s a hell of a lot better for you than that jerk ever was.” Clearly she was referring to Jeff. She paused for the last drag on her cigarette, and took her time puffing out smoke rings as she exhaled. “That is, assuming he isn’t working with his buddy Morrison and the BOAs.”
I sighed, “Thanks for reminding me I may be sleeping with the enemy.”
“What are friends for?” She grinned. “I think you should be sleeping with the Shadow Watcher, though, he’s pretty yummy too,” she stated a little too loudly.
“SHHHH!” I jumped up and put my hand over her mouth, and whispered emphatically, “I don’t want him to hear you.” I withdrew my hand, sat back down and continued, “I don’t have a choice. He wouldn’t have written it if it weren’t important.”
“Either way, I think you should wait until we get back home to do anything. Enjoy tonight, you can break the news to Michael later.”
“I might not want to later.”
“I don’t think you want to now.”
“I don’t, but what other choice is there?”
“Maybe Future Him doesn’t know how to break up with Future You after a hundred years, so he figured he could end it before it started.” She busted up at herself, and it was clear I would have to settle for my hair being up in a loose knot.
I let out a squeal of feigned indignation, but I couldn’t help but laugh myself. It was funny, assuming the us we saw were a couple in the future.
We got into a laughing fit from there, every time one of us would try to stop, the other would snort or squeak or make some other obscenely funny sound that kept the laughter going longer. I felt all of the stress of the last few weeks draining away - it was just me and my girl, like back when we were in school, getting ready for a dance, giggling over boys without a care in the world. 
That feeling of detachment from life’s burdens was nice to have once in awhile; it’s something that no amount of turning back the body’s clock can do. The more years you live, the more cares and worries you will acquire - it’s inevitable if you can be called a human being - but for those few fleeting moments, with certain people, the true spirit of youth can be recaptured. Moments like those get fewer and farther apart, but are definitely worth waiting for the next one to come around. 
We laughed ourselves silly, until finally Mom came in the room, “What are you two laughing about?”
We stopped, looked at her, then at each other, and then back at her, replying in unison, “Nothing,” which only sparked further giggling. Mom just shook her head at us and walked back out of the room.
After a few more giggles, we regained our composure enough to get into our ball gowns. Jayden and Mom had them made by two of the Society’s finest seamstresses while Michael and I were gone. 
“Eleanor and Rose were fantastic, I can’t believe these dresses,” Jay was going on as she unzipped the bags. “They could be considered works of art.” She wasn’t usually this bubbly about clothes, but when I saw them, I understood. 
Jay pulled her gown out first, it was a cerulean satin that would bring out the red in her hair. Off- the-shoulder straps met in a daring neckline, which plunged into an intricate black floral design beaded over the bodice. The beading trailed off onto the skirt, which was layered and ruched in a way that created a flowing effect, like a waterfall. It had enough layers of petticoat underneath, I was sure it would stand on its own.
“Wow,” was all that I could say.
“I know, right?” Then she pulled out mine, “Norma Jean helped design them both.” 
“Is she really, you know?” I had to ask.
Jay shrugged, “She’s really sweet, and has flair with gowns.”
My dress was black and strap-less, with a white band around the bust line, and white lace overlays accented the bodice. Another hint of lace peeped out below the high-low hemline, and the white corset style lacing in the back finished in a lovely bow that trailed down over my bustle.  
We took turns helping each other into our gowns, zipping, hooking and tying everything into place. I marveled over how well my dress fit, “How did they get it so perfect? It’s like they stitched it on me.”
“This place is crazy, Sam. You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
I laughed. “Seriously? I would believe a unicorn stitched them with his horn right now.”
She snickered, shaking her head. “Remember the scan in the security room?”
“Yeah?”
“Well, they’ve got this thing that used that to make a 3-D model of you, with your exact dimensions,” she explained.
I just stood there blinking at her for a minute. “They can do that?” 
“There’s a whole lot they can do,” she said, and laughed. “It’s more a question of what can’t they do? It seems they’ve recreated much of their technology from the future. Living here the last couple of weeks has been an odyssey in and of itself.”
“That I can believe.”
“Here,” she handed me a pair of white opera length gloves, “that should do it.”
We both stepped closer to the wall, and smiled in approval when our reflections materialized. I sighed, “At least now we look like we belong here.”
“No.” Jay turned to me, “Now we look like you own the place.”


CHAPTER 30
10/11/2006
The Feast


When we joined the gathering in the ballroom, the festivities were already well underway. With the successful defense of their stronghold, and the acquisition of a fresh supply of the Philosopher’s Stone, the Society had much to celebrate. I decided to heed Jay’s advice, and wait until we got home to tell Michael I needed space.
This would be the first Feast of the Philosopher’s Stone the Society held for nearly twenty years, as my father had not appeared for the last three scheduled Feasts. Apparently the event was once held every ten years, but as the Society grew, they began having them once every five years. Not all members would participate each time, but the opportunity was held at regular intervals for them to do so, as needed. At this particular gathering, there were only a few that looked as though they had to subsist on the fruit of the offspring trees to maintain their age. 
From nowhere, Kristoff swooped in, bowing before us, and extending his hand for Jay’s, which he kissed gently before turning for mine. “You ladies look especially ravishing this evening,” he said, but his eyes were only on Jayden.
We giggled at his pleasantries, and I waved my fan as Jay took his arm for him to lead us about the room. There was a presence missing, and I looked about for him.
The hand that seized my elbow made me jump, and I was about to swing down on it with my fan when I looked up, “C-captain Breckenridge, you sh-shouldn’t do that,” I stammered.
He chuckled, “I’m sorry, Cousin. And please, call me Logan.”
I smiled, “It’s nice to officially meet you.”
“Likewise,” he gave a little bow, “may I have the honor of being your escort?” I nodded and he grinned. “It’d be nice to get to know you a little before you have to go; there aren’t many members of the family I get to meet.”
I knew I liked him already; the idea of more family was growing on me. I slipped my arm through his and said, “I’d like that.” 
The four of us wandered the room a little, taking in the revelry. Kristoff and Logan shared the tales of our battle, and enjoyed a hero’s celebration. Delicacies from around the world were in plentiful supply, and a two hundred and forty-seven year old cache of Flamella bubbly was rumored to be arriving soon.
My mother was making rounds of her own throughout the room; receiving what sounded like many heartfelt congratulations from the few snippets I overheard as we passed in her direction.
Servers arrived, wheeling in the champagne for a toast, and Michael appeared at my other arm just as it was about to be served. “Good evening.”
Flutters sprang from my abdomen, migrating quickly through my body, instantly numbing my brain. I managed to say, “Uh, hi.” Brilliant, I know.
He paid my jitters no mind, and addressed my cousin, “Logan, might I borrow your date for a dance after the toast?”
My cousin looked to me for approval, I nodded. “Yes, but only if I get word with you after.” He removed my hand from his arm, kissed it, and then looped it in Michael’s elbow.
Our glasses came around just then, which I was thankful for because otherwise I was certain Michael would have dragged Logan off to talk immediately. A hush fell over the room as three members of the Council took the stage set up in the middle. 
Ilsabein Unverfehert spoke, “Tonight, we celebrate the return of Marquet family, Marion and Samantha.” A cheer went up in the room. “Tonight, we celebrate the victory against our enemy.” Another cheer. “And tonight, let us take a moment to mourn the loss of dear friends. Then we will celebrate their lives, as they would have wanted - as they would expect.” There were several moments of silence. I bowed my head along with everyone else. Though I did not know those who died, I respected their sacrifice. 
Ilsabein gave a nod to the band, and the music started up again. Everyone clinked their glasses together; and the party was back on. “We also welcome Samantha Marquet and Jayden Gage as full members of the Society.” There was a round of applause. 
Normally, a new inductee would be the first to receive the Philosopher’s Stone, but Jay and I arranged with the Council to wait until the next Feast. Since we didn’t need the age reversal effects yet, and so many others had waited for so long, we would sit this round out. 
A half-dozen aging members of the Society stepped up to the stage for the ritual of eating the Philosopher’s Stone. Applause echoed throughout the room as their transformation was complete, and beaming, they stepped down to make way for the next group. The process would take hours based on the number of people gathered around, waiting. 
The majority of the Society gradually moved back to their previous activities, pausing only to applaud each transformation. Michael urged me to finish my drink quickly, and then twirled me onto the dance floor for a waltz. I couldn’t help but smile in surprise at how gracefully he moved me into the sea of other couples, “I wouldn’t have expected this from ‘a solider and assassin.’”
He raised an eyebrow, “There’s still a lot about me you don’t know.”
I hated our Future Selves just then. Doesn’t he know how hard it will be to push him away?

***

Our dance turned into three, and then maybe four; we could have danced all night, and it still wouldn’t have been enough for me. We talked a little, and laughed, but I could tell that Michael was dying to know what Logan needed to talk about, so I didn’t argue when he escorted me off the floor. If he knew about my instructions from Future Michael, he might hot have been in such a hurry; it might have lasted a little while longer.
He led me back to where Annika and Alec were hanging out with a few other members of the Shadow Watch, and asked, “Wait for me here?”
“Only if you bring me another glass of champagne,” I smiled. Neither Alec nor Annika had noticed my arrival, so I waited until he had gone about ten paces, and then I followed him through the crowd.
I saw Logan tap Michael on the shoulder toward the edge of the room, and they exited through a small archway. When I got there, I found a small chamber with three more arches. 
Less than a second later, I knew it was the same chamber that I’d entered in my dreams, but normally from the arch to the right, which from where I stood, appeared to lead straight back to another archway in the ballroom. To the left was the winding staircase, and a downward slanted corridor was straight ahead. As it was the stairwell I went to in my dream, I picked the arch on my left.  
Carefully, I stuck my head through the archway to find the stairwell went further than I could see both up and down, spotted here and there with other landings, just as it was in my dream. I took off my shoes, hooking the straps on my left wrist so I could gather my skirt. Not knowing which way they had gone, I feared I had lost them. I went up two steps, when I heard a brief burst of Michael’s unmistakable laughter echoing from below. So, I turned and tip-toed down the stairs in my nylons, stopping on the second landing down, where I could hear them more clearly.
My cousin was talking, “... here four days ago. Nik and Newt are on their way, from what Kristoff said they’re ecstatic about the news.”
“Well, they have every right to be. They put enough of the work in,” Michael responded. 
“Do you think this could mean- ?”
Michael cut him off, “I wouldn’t get my hopes that high yet. Just because it worked with the tree and the rat doesn’t mean anything.”
“You don’t think it worked, do you?”
Michael sighed, “I didn’t say that. I hope to God it did, but we have to be realists Logan. We have to be prepared to take the world as it is in the here and now, with what we have on hand. We can’t hang our hopes out on the what-ifs.”
“You’re right. I can’t help but hope, just the same.”
“And I never said you shouldn’t.” I heard what must’ve been Michael clapping Logan on the shoulder. “I just said we can’t expect that outcome. Come on, we should be getting back.”
Logan cleared his throat, “There’s still one other matter we need to cover.”
Michael asked, “What else?”
“One of the prisoners insists that she deserves special treatment. She says she has information we would be grateful for, in exchange.”
“Ha! What information?” Michael sounded irritated.
Logan sighed, “I don’t know. She said she would only talk to you. She has been screaming your name at the top of her lungs for the last couple of hours.”
There was a weighted pause before Michael asked, “Did she give you her name?”
“Yeah, but hold on, I’ll do better.” He must have shown Michael a picture because he asked, “Do you recognize her?” I didn’t hear a response from Michael, if there was one. Logan continued, “Said her name’s Celine Wettrick.”
“Yeah,” Michael sounded deflated. “That’s what I was afraid of.”
“So you do know her?”
My Shadow Watcher sighed heavily, “I did. It was a hundred and twenty-five years ago for me; I don’t know how long it’s been for her.” 
“Well, I’m not sure you should talk to her until she’s gone through the process.” Logan’s voice sounded closer, “But I’ll leave it up to you.” 
I couldn’t risk them seeing me fleeing up the stairs, so I ducked behind the curtain over the archway on the landing, and found myself submerged in darkness.
Michael’s voice was close to my landing, “Tell her I won’t talk until I see her psyche-graph results. Just the initial questionnaire will do, you don’t need to go into details. If it’s clear, I’ll arrange for a meeting in the morning.”
Logan’s voice was already starting to fade, “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
I only heard the muffled sound of Michael’s voice in response, so I counted to thirty, and then hurried back up the stairs. Instead of going back to the party the same way I came, I slipped my heels back on, and went down the corridor that ran parallel to the ballroom.
I bumped into one of the Council members, who introduced himself as Vega Olev. He smiled graciously and welcomed me to the Society. Floating through the crowd on the long path back to where Michael had left me, he sprang out of the crowd in front of me, taking my arm.
“Where did you go?”
I batted my eyelashes, “I needed to find the ladies room.”
He relaxed, and let me go. “I’m sorry, I’m just on edge. And Alec and Annika didn’t even notice I’d left you with them, so I panicked when you weren’t there.”
I slipped my arm through his, “It’s alright, Michael. The bad guys are all locked up.”
He laughed, “If only that were true. Yes, we should be safe enough now, so let’s enjoy it.” 
We danced to another three sets before I remembered that I should be pushing him away, not falling even more in love with him. And not letting him fall more in love with me. It was all so unfair. 
Eventually, I made excuses that I was exhausted, and he escorted me back to the suite. With a quick peck on his cheek, I said goodnight, and shut my door.


CHAPTER 31
10/12/2006
Dark Shadows Fall


Mom placed an order for breakfast to be brought to our suite the night before, so when Jay and I came staggering out of our room we found her in the sitting room with Michael, Neve, Annika and Logan, already feasting on pancakes, fruit and pastries. 
Annika saw us first and smiled brightly. “Good morning, ladies.”
“G’ mornin’,” we both replied hazily. I was glad I’d washed my face and brushed my teeth. I kept forgetting we had live-in company.
“Have something to eat, Sam,” Mom told me. “We have another meeting soon.” I only raised my eyebrow in response, so she continued, “A prisoner has requested a special audience with Michael. You and I are going with him.”
“Oh.” I took a bite of my pancakes, nonchalantly. I hadn’t expected to meet Celine so soon.
“We have just under an hour before they’ll have the room ready,” Michael said.
“Good.” I smiled. “Then I’ll have time to get ready for our guest.”

***

The hover-car ride took us deeper below any of the levels of the Society’s complex I’d been to yet. We stopped at a door where there were two members of the Shadow Watch standing guard. Behind it waited this Celine Wettrick, who had requested an audience with Michael Sumter specifically. There were two possibilities I considered. Either she had a message for him from the UCE, or she had unresolved issues of a more personal nature from their past, in the future.
Truthfully, I had no idea what to expect. When the door opened at first all I saw was the backs of two other guards on the other side of the door. “Don’t move,” I heard one of them warn her.
They parted to let us in, and then I saw her, standing with her back turned to us. She was tall, almost six feet, with long chestnut-brown hair that hung loose about midway down her back, and her skin-tight black ensemble accentuated her well-proportioned figure too nicely. She turned around to reveal the finely chiseled face of a porcelain doll, with high cheekbones and full, pouty lips that spread into a cautious smile when her sky blue eyes settled on Michael.
“It’s true,” she gasped, her hands flying to her mouth. “You really are here, alive.” 
She sprang forward, presumably to throw her arms around him, but he caught them, twisting her left arm behind her, and holding her right arm fast at her side.  
“How did you find this place?” he demanded.
“Please, Michael, can’t we please speak privately?” She was not pleased by the fact that the guards, Mom and I were in the room.
“No,” Mom answered. “After what your people just did to mine? No, I’ll not be leaving you alone with him.”
Celine laughed, “Michael, please tell them I could never hurt you.”
“I can’t, because I don’t know that you won’t,” he replied, but he released his grip and took a step back. “We are all armed, just so you know.” He looked at the guards in the back of the room, “It’s fine, you all can wait outside. I can handle her, if I must.” Once they’d left, he spoke to her again, “This is as private as it’s gonna get.”
She batted her eyelashes at him seductively, and spoke in a sultry tone, “Michael, you’ve had all the time in the world to think. You’ve been here over a century now, right? And yet,” she raised her right hand slowly to trace his jaw with her fingertips, “you haven’t aged a day.” He slapped her hand away, and she gave a coy laugh. “You can’t tell me you haven’t missed me at all.”
There was no way for me not to infer that they had been lovers. It was as clear as a cut crystal vase, and equally multifaceted. Should I be jealous of her, or should she be jealous of me? Do either one of us have any claim on him, giving us the right to be?
I chose to judge by the way Michael cringed away from her touch, and by the way she seemed wounded by it, that he was the one who ended it. “Celine, you asked to speak with me and that’s more than I want to do with you, so if you don’t have something important to tell me, I’m out of here.” He turned back toward the door, Mom and I moving to follow.
“Wait,” she stepped forward putting a hand on his shoulder.
I drew my gun, and he spun around, slapping her hand away. “I’m not playing games with you; this is life and death Celine. You really have no idea what lies you’ve been fed, and what the truth is about Samuel Marks. We won’t hold that against you, you’ll find out in due time.” There was no display of emotion on her face; she had become a blank slate. She was processing what Michael said, but it didn’t seem, to me, like she was going to be receptive to the idea of reformation. “I am going to find out how the U.C.E. got you in here one way or the other. Spit it out, or I’ll go start extracting some answers out of your friends.”
She folded her arms across her chest, turned and paced toward the back of the room. “They were your friends, too, and not all that long ago.”
He shook his head, “Sorry, I guess I should ask how long ago I left.”
“Ten months before I did.” She turned back to face him, “And yes, this raid was planned with too much haste, I agree it was irresponsible. But I fought for my place so I could find you.”
“Sending this many at once could do irreparable damage to the timeline,” Mom said softly. “Why was coming here now, with such force, so important to the UCE?”
Celine narrowed her eyes at my mother, but ignored her question. Turning her gaze back to Michael, she spoke in a softer tone, “The UCE is desperate to secure the tree, Michael. The global ecology reports that came back the day after you left are what spurred this mission.”
“What do you mean? How?” he asked.
“Those living on Earth’s surface, the levels of contaminants in, well, everything.... It’s bad, Michael. Even the doomsayers were shocked. The filters in the sky-cities aren’t keeping up anymore either, all crops have moved to sky-farms, and those are quickly becoming more tainted, as well. If something isn’t done about it soon....” She shook her head, and tucked her hair behind her ear. “But none of that matters now, because we are here, where we can still breathe. I came back for you, Michael. I don’t care about the U.C.E., or anything else. I told lies, and fought for a position on this team when I heard they were looking for you. This mission, among other things, was to take you out; I thought this would be my one and only chance to find you again. I couldn’t let them kill you.” She held her arms out, palms up, pleading for him to believe her. “If this is the side you’ve chosen, then I’m on it too.”
I can’t say she didn’t sound sincere, but seriously, to chase a guy who dumped you back in time a couple hundred years sounded kind of dumb, not to mention desperate, to me. But, maybe that’s just me.
He was pacing around the room; it was clear that absence had not made his heart grow fonder. “How long have you been here?” 
“We arrived twelve hours before the attack, in the lowest level of the mountain.”
“When did you receive the intelligence that inspired this trip?”
“It was unearthed seven months after you left, we planned for another three.”
He stopped and sighed, “Celine, you significantly improve your odds of survival if you give us your full cooperation. You know this, so let’s drop the formalities. Tell me what I want to know.”
She smiled. “I made friends with someone shortly after you left. She swore to me she would track you down, for me, when she went. She provided the data we needed to land right inside the mountain on the right day to capture the Flamella Tree for ourselves.”
“Too bad that didn’t work out for you,” I growled.
Celine seemed to notice me for the first time. She stared at me for a moment and I could see her mind trying to unravel something. “Oh,” there was disappointment in her tone. “Is this her, Michael? I would have thought she would be, I don’t know, something more. At least a little taller.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” I raised my Marquet Special at her again.
“Oh, don’t act like you don’t know, honey,” she sneered. 
I sneered right back, “Sorry, must’ve missed the memo.” I really didn’t know if she was referring to the fact that I was Samuel’s grand-daughter, or if she knew about how Michael felt about me. “But you’re right; you’re much more special. No one’s ever had to move to another century to escape me.”
“What an obnoxious little bitch,” she started toward me, despite the gun.
Michael grabbed her throat, freezing her in her tracks, “I think you had best remember who the prisoner is here, Celine.” He shoved her down onto the metal chair in the middle of the room, “And yes, she is Samantha Marquet, and that is her mother,” he fastened the handcuffs to her wrists, around the back of the chair. “They are in charge around here, I take orders from them.” He stood up and walked around to stand before her, “Either one of them gives the word; I’ll take you out myself.”
She didn’t even blink, “Michael, darling, if it will prove to you that I’m on your side, I’ll give you the name.”
“What name?”
“The name of my friend, the traitor in your midst.”
A traitor? Not just another Traveler who spotted him and reported back, but someone who had been taken into the fold and inducted into the Society?
Michael pulled his gun this time, putting the barrel on her forehead, “Damn it, Celine, if you’re lying,” Michael warned. 
She smiled at him, smugly, “Shoot me then, Michael, if that will make things easier for you. But I am telling you the truth; one of your own gave us everything.”
He clicked the safety back on and stepped back, putting his gun away, so I did the same. “They couldn’t give you the Flamella Tree, because it isn’t here.”
Celine looked shocked, “But how ... the assembly ... the fruit ... it was all set.”
Marion smiled, “The fruit was here, just not the tree.” She stepped closer to Celine, “Who is the traitor? I’ll have you moved to a private cell, with a bed.”
The corners of Celine’s lips twisted back into a smile, “Oh, I’ll need a few other creature comforts.”
Mom grabbed her hair and snapped her head back, “Give me the name, now.”
She barely squeaked out, “Neve.”
Mom released her, opened the door and gave some instructions to the guards. Celine looked up at Michael, “I could tell you more about what’s happened since you left.”
“We will talk later, but I’m not sure you’ll like it. I know I won’t. Right now, I have more important matters that require my attention.” We left her alone, with the guards outside.

***

It was a simple matter of marching back into our suite with four of the Shadow Guard, who seized Neve from the chair she was sitting in and cuffed her. There was no argument, no struggle; it was as if she knew we were coming for her and she was waiting. 
Mom cleared her throat before she spoke, “Neve Berenger, you are being charged with the crime of treason against the Society and all of its members. By giving our enemies information, you have not only compromised our security, but cost the lives of eighty-seven people today, Society members and the Travelers.  You will be held in solitude until your tribunal hearing, which will be held in three days.” When Neve did not speak, Mom asked, “Do you have anything to say?”
Neve spit at my mother, and I moved to slap her, but Mom caught my hand.
She glared at me when she spoke, “Why do I need to say anything? You wouldn’t be here unless she betrayed me, which she did. I knew she would. I knew it, and yet I helped her anyway.”
Michael asked, “Her who?”
“Don’t play stupid with me, Michael,” she hissed. “You just came from talking to Celine.”
“Why, Neve?” he was hurt by her betrayal. “Why would you do this?”
Neve shrugged, “I said I would help her find you, if she would help my little brother out of some trouble that I wouldn’t be able to take care of.”
“So, she got her father to represent him?” Michael pursued.
“Yes. I’m anxious to hear from her how that went.”
I sighed, ready for her to be out of my sight, “Well, you’re just going to have to go on being anxious I guess. You won’t be seeing her again.” I nodded at the guards to take her away.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” she squealed as she was forced out of the door. “What did you do with Celine?” Michael gave her a shove as he followed them out the door to make sure she had been taken care of properly.
I shut the door behind them. “I’m glad that’s done with.” I sat down on the couch and put my head back. “When do we get to go home?”
Mom sat next to me, absentmindedly smoothing strands of my hair out behind me, over the back of the couch. “Soon, Samantha, soon. I have a few loose ends here to tie up that require Michael’s help, and then you, Michael and Jayden will just hop back to the Mansion in the Mountains.”
“What about you?”
“I’ll have to stay for a little while, maybe a few days, maybe a few weeks. We’ll see.”
“What about Thanksgiving?” It was only a month away.
“You go ahead and plan on it with your cousin Mary,” she smiled and kissed my cheek. “You worry about the strangest things sometimes.”
My eyebrows drew together when I gave her a faux scowl, “I do not. I just have stranger things to worry about than most people.”
She sighed, “That is true, and I’m sorry for that.”
I sat up and looked at her, “I’m not.” I hugged her fiercely, “I’m not sorry for one bit of it, and don’t you be either. We just have a different ... lot in life? It could be worse.”
She laughed, “I suppose so.” 
“Go, do your stuff,” I got up and stretched, “I’m gonna lie down until we’re ready to go.”

***

Jayden was spending the last of her time before we left with Kristoff, so I had the room to myself. I lay down, and I was out.
I don’t know how long it was before I got up and went to the bathroom to wash my face. When I looked in the mirror; my reflection had the mark of a Traveler. Startled, I jumped back and bumped into something, and I turned to see myself, with a short bob, now standing before me. Future Me smiled, “Shhh, don’t freak out.”
I blinked at her, confused. ‘Don’t freak out’ she says. Or I said. I give up. “What’s going on?” 
“I just needed to check on you.”
“Why?” I asked.
“Because I know you’re at a point where you’re about to crack. I don’t want to see you getting a seventy-two hour vacation in a padded room, or longer.”
I laughed, “That bad, huh?”
“Yeah,” she sighed. “Honey, it’s going to get worse before it gets better.”
I didn’t like the sound of that. “I thought the hard part was over.”
She shook her head slowly, “It’s only just beginning. But it will be worth it, I promise. Be prepared.” She leaned forward and kissed my forehead.
And then I opened my eyes and Jayden was sitting next to me. “Finally,” she looked irritated. “Are you ready to get out of here? Michael and I are waiting for you.”
I sat up and looked around, trying to decide if it had been real, or a dream. I didn’t know, so I decided to keep quiet. “Yeah, sorry. Let’s go home.”


CHAPTER 32
10/13/2006
Back to Life


When we arrived at the Mansion in the Mountain, Artemis came bounding across the Great Hall in great leaps. I knelt down to scoop up the purring fur ball. I was relieved to see her, to be home and to not have to hike through the woods to get there. I’d had enough of hiking for a little while after Costa Rica.
I don’t know why I expected to find the Flamella tree there; it really was too much to hope for, in retrospect. There was a note from Future Us though, to let us know they’d been by, and promising that we would have the tree by Christmas. 

Dearest Sam,
We will return the tree before you need it again, we’re just borrowing it for a bit. Right now it’s needed more where it is, and it’s safer this way as well. Just look for Adja when it’s time, you know how to find him now.
Your Faithful Servant,
Michael 

He implied I would go to Adja alone next time, which made me think even more that the Future Us were not a couple.
“I still don’t get why they needed to take the whole tree,” Jay said. “It seems like the fruit would be all they need.”
“I think our Future Selves knew about the attack, and didn’t want to take any risks.” Michael suggested. “Better to just not have it here at all.”
“Then why wouldn’t they have left it here, instead of the note?” Jay asked. “There must be some other reason why they don’t want it here now.”
It made sense. Why else wouldn’t it be here now, if they had already been back? “Unless they left this note here before they went and took the tree,” I said.
“What?” Jay and Michael asked together.
“They came back in time to a point after we left here, then hopped forward to take the tree.” My theory seemed sound.
“I think you’re right,” Michael agreed. “It still doesn’t explain why they took it at all.” 
“What if somewhere in the future, the tree dies, and they needed to replenish their supply of the Philosopher’s Stone?” Jay asked. “Couldn’t they keep it and harvest a supply for a few years, and then come back to return it a month from now?”
Michael shook his head, “If all they needed was the fruit, they would have just taken it.”
We went on debating for a little while longer, until they couldn’t think of any other theories. I just plain didn’t want to think anymore. My brain hurt.
“What about from now until they return the tree? I’m so confused.” Jayden was thinking what I was thinking.
“Just as I said before,” Michael replied matter-of-factly, “you’ll go back to life as usual for now. I expect it will remain much the same, even after the tree is returned.”
Dreading what came next, I said, “Then I guess I’d better go call Bailey to let him know I’ll be home in a few hours.”
Michael’s expression darkened, “Don’t forget you’re going to be planning a funeral; you should act accordingly.”

***

Jay was alone in the Great Hall when I returned. Michael was in another room, making some calls of his own to ensure everything was safe for our return. Li-Ming, Kristoff and Annika had gone ahead of us, and were reporting back to him. He would also be checking in with Alec and Zhou, who stayed behind with Mom. I poured myself a glass of merlot, and stretched out next to Jay on the bear-skin rug. 
As much as part of me wanted to get back to my apartment, I was reluctant to leave the Mansion in the Mountain. It felt good, just sitting by the fire with Jay, drinking our wine, staring alternately at the flickering flames or Artemis sleeping by the hearth. The stillness reminded me of a peace I had before I met Michael, before Bailey asked me to move in, before all of this craziness started. It was something I thought I might never have again. Perhaps one day, somewhere in the future, but something told me that future was somewhere far away.
There was no discourse required; our lifelong friendship had only been further fortified by our recent experiences, along with our capacity to communicate without the complexity of words. I never would’ve chosen to bring Jay into my mess, but selfishly, I was glad she was by my side, as she had always been. I don’t know what I would’ve done without her. 
I didn’t want to have to deal with Bailey, or plan an imaginary funeral for my mother, or say goodbye to Michael. I just wanted to lie in front of the fire forever.
The time to leave came too soon, and Michael returned to the room to break the news. “Everything checked out. Time to go home, Ladies.”
Jayden and I gathered our belongings while Michael put Artemis into her backpack.  He handed her to me, and then a blue Hopper. “This will get you back to your car. Zhou said he left it ‘somewhere familiar to Miss Sam’, and it would be a fifteen minute drive home.”
“You’re not coming with us?” Jay asked.
He smiled, “No, but I won’t be far behind.”
I strapped the Hopper to my wrist and linked arms with Jay. “Ready?” I asked her.
She put her head on my shoulder, and said, “It will be nice to sleep in my own bed tonight.” I took that to mean yes.
I twisted the face of the Hopper, but looked up at Michael once more before pressing the trigger buttons. I whispered, “Thank you.” Then, in a flash of light we were gone.
And the flash of light deposited us in the front seat of my Blazer, good Ol’ Blue. I was feeling more like myself already. I found the keys in the center console, and put them in the ignition, but looked over at Jay before starting the car. “You don’t hate me for all of this, do you?” I had to check.
“Are you kidding?” She laughed, clearly not upset with me at all. “I was beginning to wonder if my life was ever going to get interesting.” She leaned over to hug me, and whispered, “I could never hate you.” I turned to the wheel, and she added, “Unless you decide to go after Kristoff too. Then I would have to take you down.”
Laughing, I started the engine. “You can keep your man-candy. I’ve got both hands full already.”
She waited quietly while I drove out of the parking structure - she knows how nervous they make me. When we got out, I recognized the campus as Cal Poly Pomona. 
Jay went right back to the question she wanted to ask, “Do you know what you’re going to do?”
I shrugged and answered, “I have to do what Future Michael asked. I would rather tell Bailey to take a hike, but I can’t.”
“So, you’re going to play double agent?” She said it more as a statement than a question.
“I don’t know if I would call it that, but I need to know what Bailey’s intentions are. I need to know if he’s part of the Brotherhood of Asclepius, or if our meeting was pure coincidence. But, cutting to your next question, I won’t be moving in with him, at least not right now.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I mean I’ll avoid it as long as possible, until we find out the truth, but if I have to in order to get answers, then I will. That doesn’t mean I’m marrying him, or anything.” I had it all rationalized.
“So, what happens if he isn’t involved with the BOAs? What if he’s just madly in love with you?”
That reality was no longer what I hoped for. “Then, he’ll most likely have his heart broken, again, before this is all over.”

***

After dropping Jayden off, Artemis and I went straight home, and found Bailey waiting. I assumed he used his key, so without speaking, I let him take me in his arms, to just hold me. He didn’t say a word, just tucked my head under his chin and stood for as long as I needed. When I finally stepped back, feigning to wipe tears from my eyes, he said, “I’m so sorry, Babe.”
I sniffled and kept looking down. “I just never expected it would be so soon. I thought she would be here to ... to....” and I did start to cry, but not because I was pretending Mom was dead. He was being so genuine, so concerned, and yet I longed for Michael’s arms, not his.
Fortunately, due to my mother’s ‘passing,’ I knew he wouldn’t expect too much of anything tonight, including talking. In fact, I was sure he would never ask me for details of the last couple of weeks, not wanting to upset me more. Jay and I had our story straight, in case he went to her with questions, but I really didn’t expect him to be interrogating me about the hows and whys of Mom’s passing.
“Do you need any help, planning the services? I know it can be a lot to handle,” he asked gently.
“No, but thank you,” we moved to the couch. “After my father passed away, she went ahead and had everything taken care of. She said she didn’t want me to have to worry about anything.” I paused, and heaved my shoulders theatrically a couple of times. “The viewing is next Friday night, the twentieth, and the services will be the next morning.” I didn’t know just how they planned for me to pull off a viewing, what with no body to put in the casket, but that was someone else’s problem. 
“What about notifications, the obit?”
I shook my head, “The office will handle all of that,” I slipped. Bailey still didn’t know about my father’s business, or my inheritance. At least he hadn’t heard it from me before.
“The office?”
I sighed, “Yes, my father’s business, which I guess I own outright now,” I paused and looked at him. He had the blankest expression on his face I had ever seen. “I let the board of directors run it. Can we talk about all of that later, please?”
“Anything you need, my darling,” he slid his arm around my shoulders and I let him pull me to him. “You just say the word.” I rested my head on his chest for a few minutes, listening to his heartbeat. It was hard for me to think that he might really have an ulterior motive for being here, that there might be some reason other than that he loved me.
Finally, he asked “What can I do, Sam?”
“Come with me to the services and hold me up while everyone tells me how sorry they are.”
“I think I can handle that. Anything else?”
I sniffed, sat up and turned to face him, “I think I’d like a little time alone right now. I need to unpack, get Artemis settled back in....” I couldn’t think of any good excuses.
Thankfully, he stood up. “If that’s what you need, I’ll go. But I’m just a phone call away.”
I rose to walk him to the door, “I know.”
He took me in his arms again, and kissed my forehead, “I mean it. You call me if you need me.”
“I will, I promise,” my lips brushed his lightly. “Otherwise I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Okay,” he stood by the open door a moment, looking desperately like he wanted to do something more for me. He must have come to the conclusion that space was what I needed, so he kissed my forehead again. “Try and get some sleep.”
“I will,” I lied. “Good night.” I shut the door.

***

Before the deadbolt clicked, I knew Michael was in the room. I also knew it was time to do what Future Michael asked of me in the letter; somehow I had to convince Michael he needed to give me space, and time to be with Bailey. If I don’t do it now, I might never find the courage to again.
I turned around to find him on my couch petting Artemis, who was settled comfortably in his lap. Deciding it was best, I cut straight to the point, “Michael, we really need to talk.”
“Uh oh,” he teased, “I don’t like the sound of this.”
I crossed the room and sat on the opposite end of the couch. “No, I don’t think you’re going to.” He stiffened at the seriousness of my tone. “Michael, I’ve given this a lot of thought, since that first night on the boat.” I sighed. “I need things to be the way they were before.”
He looked confused, “The way they were before when?”
“Before that night in the alley.”
His face went ashen. “You mean, before you met me?”
“Yes.” I could see him searching every corner of logic, wondering what he’d said or done wrong. He knew as well as I did nothing had transpired that should’ve sparked this conversation. It should have been completely different, and would’ve been, if not for the letter. 
“Are you accepting his invitation to go to move in?” he asked carefully.
I gave him a wry little smile. “No. At least, not yet.” He knew me too well, I was certain he would see right through me. “Michael, I needed to figure out how I felt about Bailey before you stepped into my life. I was already confused, and now ... I really need to decide how I feel about him, while still trying to find out if he’s a part of the BOAS or not.”
“This doesn’t have anything to do with-”
“Celine? No, Michael, she has nothing to do with this.”
“Sam, if I’ve done something-”
I cut him off again. “No ... well, yes ... I mean....” I took a deep breath. “You’ve turned my life upside down, Michael.” In the most amazing way. “I will forever be grateful, and in your debt, for everything you’ve done for me, for my family.” I gulped, then blurted, “But I feel like now that we’re past danger, the immediate kind anyway, I need to try to find some kind of normal again.” 
He didn’t argue, he just looked stricken - like he knew what was in my heart and couldn’t understand why I would be doing this. I understood how he felt, because I wouldn’t understand why I was doing it if I hadn’t read the letter either. Why is he making me rip his heart out? 
With the exceptions of my mother and Jay, I trusted Michael more than anyone else. That included the Future Michael, who Future Sam obviously still trusted enough to time travel with. So, if Future Michael said I needed to make Present Michael give me room, I had to, no matter the cost. 
I was too chicken to look him in the face when I threw the knock-out punch, so I put my elbows on my knees and my face in my hands, “I just don’t see there ever being any kind of a romantic future between us.”
The stillness seemed to go on forever and I didn’t know what else to say to make him go, so I just sat there, with my face in my hands. Finally, he whispered in my ear, “I will always be your shadow, watching to keep you safe. Never forget that.”
I dropped my hands, ready to take his face in them and kiss him; to beg his forgiveness for the lies I just told, and forget the damn letter from a future we had yet to live. But he was gone, as I commanded. First, and always, he was my faithful servant.

***

Artemis crept over to my lap, purring, and rubbed her chin on my knee. “Oh, Miss Mis,” I said softly. As I stroked her back in search of Zen, the passing minutes turned to hours. 
My mind wandered off on its own. I really don’t know what I was thinking, if anything at all, I only knew I wouldn’t cry, in case he was watching. If I did, he would see through my lie. 

***

Well after the sun set, I regained my senses. I scratched Artemis - still content in my lap - under her chin. “Do you have any suggestions on how we get back to normal?”
Shocking me mildly, she looked me in the eye, and said, “Merrrrow.” Then, she jumped off my lap and trotted across the room.  She arched her back, rubbing against the cabinet her food was in, next to her dish.
“Okay, see, that’s a start.” I couldn’t help but laugh at my wise feline friend as I crossed the room in acquiescence to her request. In that moment, I couldn’t think of anything more normal than feeding my five hundred year old cat.
Glancing at the counter I hadn’t touched in weeks, the bag from the Chinese food Jay brought over caught my eye. It was like I found a lost relic from a time nearly forgotten; the crumpled plastic reminded me of my fortune cookie that night. As things turned out, it was right. The truth was not at all what I expected.




The End



ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Roari Benjamin is a native of Southern California, where she resides with her fiancé, their two children, Artemis, two dogs, two more cats and a turtle. When she’s not happily tending her zoo, she is busy chasing her dreams. The Shadow Watcher is her debut novel. 









Join Roari on Facebook
or http://roaribenjamin.blogspot.com/

Witness the hours that shaped 
the Society….

Fore Shadows: Escape 2169 – an ebook exclusive short story – is available now!


















Will Sam find a way to be with the man she loves?

Society in the Shadow of Civilization Book Two:      
A Shadow in Doubt ~ Coming Winter 2015!

