
Tét n. Vietnamese New Year. A time to bid farewell to the family’s Kitchen God (Ong Tao), who then returns to heaven to report on the family’s behavior in the past year to the Jade Emperor.




The Jade Emperor
by
Suzanne Jenkins

Copyright © 2017 by
Suzanne Jenkins. All rights reserved.
Created in digital format in the United States of America. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations in blog posts and articles and in reviews.
The Jade Emperor – is a complete and total work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Where familiar places in Dearborn are mentioned, it is in a completely fictitious manner.
Free stories are delivered periodically to subscribers of the author’s newsletter. Go to suzannejenkins.com for more information.
Book Description


The Jade Emperor is a Southern California Book Festival Runner-up, Book Excellence Award Finalist and New Apple Literary Award Official Selection 

After a stranger appears on their doorstep late one night, a picture-perfect family takes a side-trip to crazytown in this story of a soldier's last chance at love. 

What do twins Kelly and Karen have in common besides the same birthdate? Nothing, except they are inseparable. When a lifelong mystery regarding Kelly's marriage is solved, the fragile relationship she has with Karen begins to fall apart, as do the lives of Kelly and her husband Steve's children. 

In the end, as they begin to pick up the pieces, the family comes together in a new way, stronger than ever before. 


Praise for Suzanne Jenkins


“Author Suzanne Jenkins never disappoints me. She is the master of whichever genre she chooses. The book had me sobbing, laughing and giggling throughout.”

“I love everything Suzanne writes. I can't wait to get my hands on her next one. Thank you Suzanne Jenkins.”

Re: Pam of Babylon- “I cannot live without Pam.” Amazon Reviewer Cristy

Bio
USA Today Bestselling, award winning author Suzanne Jenkins writes page-turning contemporary romance, mystery, and women's fiction with passionately gripping characters that stay with readers long after they turn the last page.  Girls in the City Series, The Saints of San Diego, Bittersweets Romance Series, Cypress Cove Romances and The Detroit Detective Stories are a reflection of American fantasy with historical reality. Her Pam of Babylon series with twenty-three books consistently rank in the Top 100 Best Sellers in American Drama with over 500,000 downloads.
Chapter 1


Until one warm Friday evening in autumn, Kelly Boyd’s life revolved around her husband and six grown children. She wasn’t interested in vacations, cruises and trips to exotic places because spending time with her family provided all the fun and relaxation she needed. Almost achieving her childhood goals, all she’d wanted in life was to have her own home, a husband who loved her, and a nice family like the one she came from, but with lots of children.
The excitement and anticipation of the weekends made the stress of her job and the discontent in her personal life recede. Simmering away in the back of her subconscious was a seed of nonspecific unease that grew and festered if she gave it too much of her attention. The apprehension didn’t seem to have a source she could pinpoint. A common occurrence for her, she thought it was simply due to her age, and women’s intuition instigating worry with no foundation.
Routine was essential for her well-being. After a week of grueling hospital work as a nurse, Kelly spent each Friday night cleaning house so the weekend would be free for family dinners and outings. While she cleaned, she’d talk on the phone to her twin sister with reruns of Hoarders on the television as background noise. Steve, her husband of over forty years, sequestered in his basement man-cave watching sports events on a ninety-inch flat screen, was oblivious to whatever Kelly was up to until he heard the vacuum running.
Kelly stuck to her schedule no matter what, Steve once joked that he could be having a heart attack on the floor, and Kelly would finish whatever task she was doing before she’d stop to call 911.
“That’s not even funny,” she’d replied the first time he said it, frowning, but he wouldn’t relent.
On this particular Friday, the weather was warm; the last days of Indian summer in progress, and in honor of the beautiful evening she’d left the front door open, locking the storm door. While mopping the floors, she heard a car pull up in front of the house.
“Hold on for a minute,” she told her sister.
Going to the door, she saw a Yellow Cab had stopped directly in front of the house. A tall, thin man got out of the back and leaned through the window to chat with the driver. Kelly saw him reach into his pocket to retrieve paper money, watching as he counted out bills, handing them through the window. The driver drove off, and it wasn’t until then that Kelly realized the man was headed to her house.
“Beaver, come,” she called to the dog in a low voice.
Their shepherd – boxer mix obediently came to her side and gave a low growl as he watched the man walk up the steps. She wished the TV wasn’t on so loud; if she needed to yell for Steve, he’d never hear her. She stood with the mop handle in her hand and the young man came up the steps, smiling. He was attractive, clean cut, and possibly Asian. She thought, If he’s going to attack me, he’d bust through the door right away, but the dog would get him.
“Hi, I’m sorry to show up at this hour. Is Augustus Boyd here?” he said loud enough to be heard through the glass.
It was uncommon for someone to come to their house late, and never for her husband. Kelly hesitated, wondering if she should at least ask his name, or why he wanted to speak to Steve, but decided against it; she’d let Steve handle it.
“I’ll get him. Wait here just a moment.”
The young man nodded his head, and Kelly, on a whim, shut the big door and locked it, putting her mop handle against the wall, moving quickly to the basement landing. She opened the door and ran down the steps. Steve looked up when she entered his den.
“What’s up?”
“There’s a man at the door asking for Augustus.”
“Did he give a name?” he asked.
She shook her head. “I was standing there with the door wide open cleaning when the cab let him out, and all I thought of was how quickly I could get the door shut without offending him.”
Steve got out of his recliner and followed her up the stairs.
“Who’d come here in a cab?” he said, his lips set in a line.
“I have no idea.” Kelly stepped aside so Steve could get to the door.
Steve opened the door and the young man smiled at him. They watched each other, looking into each other’s eyes.
“Can I help you?” Steve asked, his heart pounding.
Not a deep thinker, something told Steve this man would alter the course of his life.
“Can I talk to you in private?” the young man asked, looking around Steve’s shoulder at Kelly.
Steve looked at her, too and shrugged his shoulders. He unlocked the storm door.
“Sure,” he said, stepping out onto the porch, closing the door behind him.
Kelly wondered what could be so important, or so private that the man couldn’t talk about it in front of her. Picking up the phone, she spoke, but her sister had hung up. Kelly called her back, and for the next ten minutes they speculated about who it might be.
“I’ll call you as soon as I know what’s going on,” she said before hanging up.
Walking to their bedroom, she grabbed the linen hamper, circling through the rooms to grab what needed washing, taking it to the basement. Nothing, not even a mysterious stranger could disrupt her routine. Moving clothes from the washer to the dryer, she then fed more dirty clothes into the washer. If she timed it right, she’d have all their laundry done by midnight.
Life had become regimented for Kelly and therefore tolerable; grocery store after work at the beginning of the week, housework on Friday, visiting her children on Saturday, outings on Sunday. Monday she’d start all over again, cooking for the week, stopping by her children’s homes when she could in the afternoons, often lingering over their kitchen tables long after she should’ve been home. Getting things done, being organized, that was what mattered to her. Having every area of her life under control was what brought her anxiety-ridden thoughts into submission.
Their six children lived locally. Augie Jr., twins Ben and Lisa, Ken, Reggie, and Alice. Two were married with children of their own; they lived in houses and apartments spread around town. Proud of her children, she and Steve had worked hard to educate them, and they were all employed in some form.
Running up the stairs with a basket full of folded laundry, she yelped when she opened the door, Steve’s standing in the kitchen surprising her.
“You scared me. Who was it?” she asked, taking the laundry back to their bedroom.
Not answering, he followed her.
“I’m going to drive him to his hotel so he doesn’t have to wait for a cab,” he said, picking up his wallet and money clip off the dresser.
“Who is he?” she asked again, making his and hers piles on their bed.
He didn’t answer again, and Kelly turned to look at him.
“Steve, who is it?”
“The son of a friend,” he said. “I’ll be gone about an hour. Do you want anything while I’m out?”
It was so odd, him leaving like that on a Friday night; she was concerned only from the standpoint that he’d be safe and nothing else. She didn’t distrust him, certainly. There was no reason not to trust him.
“No, I can’t think of anything. Are you okay?”
Taking a moment to really look at him, she noticed he was as white as a sheet. “What’s going on?”
He went to her and took her by the shoulders, kissing her forehead - so out of character she knew something was terribly wrong. Steve hadn’t kissed her in months.
“I’ll get the full story from him on our way into town. I have my cell phone if you decide you need anything.”
She thought, What would I need?
“Hurry back,” she said, concerned.
Trying to think what friend had a son who’d show up on a doorstep at ten at night, no one came to mind. Steve was a pipe fitter, and the shop where he worked had almost zero turnover. When he retired in one more year, it would be the first opening they’d have in almost fifteen years. She knew everyone he worked with, and his friend-pool, although she could hardly say they were friends, was made up of other pipe fitters. They’d all worked together since they were kids. Could it be a son of someone from work? She picked up the phone, wanting to speculate with her sister. It was almost eleven, but she knew Karen would still be up, running the vacuum.
“What did the man look like?” Karen asked.
“He might have been Hispanic or Asian,” Kelly said. “Foreign. Tall. Black hair, high cheekbones. I couldn’t really tell because the light is dim on the porch and it was late. Anyway, like no one I know. Maybe late thirties.”
“Well, you’d better text me the minute he comes back because now I won’t sleep. I’m getting ready to take my shot, so you know I’ll be up for a while.”
Kelly laughed heartily. Karen had a shot of vodka nightly, and Kelly’s concern for her sister’s liver was a running dialogue.
“Your husband will drink a six-pack tonight. How good can that be for his liver?” Karen said. “Pour another glass of wine. You deserve it.”
“That’s not a bad idea,” she said, going to the fridge. “I’m going to do it right now.” She took the bottle out and poured a healthy glass of wine. “Okay, I’m all set. Thank you for listening.”
“Don’t forget to text me,” Karen said.
“I won’t. It might be late. He said an hour, but who knows,” Kelly said.
She’d polish the furniture while drinking the wine.
“I’ll talk to you later,” she said.
Puttering around, she dusted the photo gallery of her children: framed studio portraits and enlarged Kodak pictures of all six kids from the time they were infants until recently. Taking the time to print photos she’d taken with her phone, she was afraid someday all the pictures she had on discs would be obsolete, and no one would be able to view them like they could the old albums.
Picking up Augie’s college graduation picture, she remembered he’d said, “I look like a portly Harry Potter in that photo.”
Holding a special place in her heart, Augie was her first. She had only been nineteen when he was born. Shortly after that, Steve left for Vietnam. The separation was torture for her, having to say goodbye, knowing there was a good chance he might not return. Caring for precious Augie was her salvation during Steve’s absence.
In the early 70s he was discharged for good, and Kelly often thought of that episode in their marriage as the years from hell. Other military wives had warned her that some returning soldiers were suffering from a yet unnamed trauma from their experiences. Steve had it with a vengeance.
To protect herself from painful memories, those years were hidden in a secret place in her brain that she didn’t access much. Not sure why they were trying to sneak out now, it could’ve been because she was alone in the house at night, which didn’t happen often, or the wine, or a combination of the two.
The next picture she dusted was of their twins, Ben and Lisa. When Augie was five, Kelly got pregnant again. It took that long for Steve to pull himself together and decide he wanted to keep living.
“Let’s have another baby,” he’d said.
She remembered how excited she had been; he seemed to have finally been able to put the horror of his experiences behind him in spite of continuing screaming nightmares and bouts of depression that were in danger of consuming him. But Kelly fought to overcome it with him. No matter how bad things got, she stuck it out.
She’d never forget the day she went off the pill. The doctor said to give her body a few months before she had unprotected sex, but they didn’t wait a week and she got pregnant right away. Memories of what it was like to have two babies at once flooded over her, both thrilling and insane. Going from picture to picture, she allowed a glimpse into that door of the past for each child. Most of the memories were delectable, but a few were too painful to linger upon. Not all of the arrivals had brought her joy, largely due to Steve’s response.
Finishing off the glass of wine, she went back to the basement to put a final load of clothes in the washer. While she was folding, the dog barked and she could hear the garage door opening. Steve was home. Finished folding the load, Kelly went back up the stairs again, a little peeved that he didn’t come down to find her and let her know he was there. Glancing at the clock on the microwave as she walked through the kitchen with her basket of clothes, she was shocked that it was almost one in the morning.
She saw his knees first; he was sitting in a stiff pose in an armchair flanking the fireplace in the living room. When she had bought the chairs, he’d called them the most uncomfortable-looking chairs he’d ever seen. But tonight he was in one, sitting ramrod straight, his hands on his knees.
“What are you doing in here?” she asked, concerned.
There was something not good happening, and heat flooded her body before she even knew what it was.
“Put the basket down and come in here,” he said, not in his usual voice.
“Let’s go to the bedroom,” she replied.
“No. I don’t want to have this conversation in our bedroom. I have to tell you something.”
Kelly’s heart was banging like a drum in her chest. It was not going to be good, whatever it was.
“Did you get in an accident?” she asked, throwing the basket down and going to him.
Irritated, he grabbed her arm, pulling her to the other chair.
“Sit down, Kelly,” he growled through clenched teeth. “No, I didn’t get in an accident! Just shut up and listen.” He stood up and started to pace. “There is no easy way to say this, so I’m just going to come out with it.” There was silence for at least ten seconds.
“When I was overseas, I had a relationship with a Vietnamese woman, and that man who was here earlier is her son. My son. He’s forty, almost forty. They were airlifted to Laos during the fall of Saigon and came to the US the following year. They’ve been right in Chicago all that time. It took him a month to find me once he decided to search.”
Kelly sat in the chair, watching Steve’s mouth moving, heard the words he said, and saw that they were coming from his mouth, but they weren’t registering. How could he have had a child with another woman? When was he with her? Was it in between the letters he wrote Kelly? Or the MARS Radio/phone calls they had with each other once a month? How did he manage to write her a letter a day, sometimes more, when he was having a relationship with another woman? He’d said they worked twelve hours a day, seven days a week. When did he fit her in?
How oddly she was reacting. Had this surfaced twenty or thirty years ago, she’d be a madwoman, in a rage, possibly throwing things at him, screaming and crying. But a sixty-two-year-old woman hearing for the first time that her husband had been unfaithful over forty years before? Numb.
Trying not to dwell on all the time it had taken for him to snap out of his craziness when he got home from Vietnam, how he’d neglected her, avoiding her for so long she lost a sense of her own value, the thought passed through her mind that maybe he was crazy back then because he’d left his true love behind in Vietnam.
Mouth dry as sand, she struggled to get the words out. “Did you know she was pregnant before you left?”
Steve shook his head.
“No. I don’t think she did either, because I left in June and he was born in December.”
Hearing Steve talk about her set Kelly’s teeth on edge. Deciding to avoid any mention of betrayal, feelings, insanity, murder, she would make it about fact gathering. He’d had a child that was Augie’s younger brother, an older brother to the rest of their children. Kelly had had Steve’s children, but so did someone else. The shock of this coming less than an hour after her walk down memory lane while she was dusting the photographs caused a new wave of chills to pass over her skin. What was the universe trying to tell her?
“What are you going to do now?” Kelly asked calmly, realizing the impact of her questions. What indeed?
Steve sat down again, facing her in the uncomfortable chair, grasping his hands in a death grip, knuckles blanching in the lamplight, she wanted to say, “Stop that, you’re cutting off your circulation.”
But then she thought she didn’t care if he did; she almost wished he was holding his hands around his own throat.
“He’s staying in town until tomorrow night. I’ll meet with him tomorrow morning. I don’t know what else to do.”
Kelly didn’t trust her mouth, so she kept it shut. He barely made time to see his own kids on the weekend; adding another distraction didn’t seem like a good idea. And then it occurred to her that he was Steve’s child alone, not hers. And he would be seeing his own kid.
“What’s his name?”
“Titan. Sort of a cool name.”
“What’s his last name?” Kelly asked, holding her breath.
“Baker. His mother married another soldier. Ted Baker. Titan thought he was Baker’s son, but when Ted died, Lee told him the truth. That’s his mother’s name. Lee. I don’t remember what her real Vietnamese name is.”
Kelly shut her eyes. Lee Baker. She tried to put a face to the name. A current face. Not a face to die for, or worth betraying your wife for, or destroying happiness for, but an older woman’s face, like her own. She thought of the woman who worked at her dentist’s office, Thuy. She was from Thailand, the same age as Kelly. She had short white hair and was short and chubby. Everything about Thuy said love. She was kind to children who screamed in the dentist chair, and never got angry when Kelly was late for an appointment or canceled at the last minute.
Or another, older Asian woman from Korea who worked at the laundry, Kelly thought she was the owner. She’d had breast cancer and didn’t wear a falsie on her affected side, and it was obvious. She’d confided in Kelly when she discovered Kelly was a nurse, that at her age, it was a relief to dispense with the trappings of her sexuality. Her husband loved her, and having a lopsided chest didn’t diminish that.
Without warning, Kelly put her head down in her hands and burst into tears. She didn’t expect her husband to comfort her, and he didn’t disappoint her. She imagined Lee Baker discovering she was pregnant after Steve left Vietnam. What had it been like for her to tell her parents she was pregnant? Was she young? She looked up at a stricken Steve.
“How old is she? Lee. How old was she when she had Titan?”
“She was ten years older than me. So she was in her early thirties at the time.”
The fact shocked Kelly. Lee Baker was in her early seventies now. She was widowed with an Amerasian son. Did they still call it that? Was it politically correct?
“I’m sorry Kelly.” Steve said, clearly mortified.
 Was it because he got caught? She decided to keep it about the facts, her original plan, and leave all emotion out of it for now, not wanting him to make any decisions based on guilt. That would be horrible. He definitely had some work to do. If he was getting involved with this person and his mother, Steve would have to tell their children. It wouldn’t be fair to keep secrets like that from those who loved you, completely and unselfishly, like their children.
“I’ve had enough for one night,” she said. “I’m afraid if we start with the apologies and the  what ifs and where was I when you were doing whatever that we’ll end up in a battle, and I know I’m not up for it.”
As she got up to go to their bedroom, suddenly the idea that he’d get into bed next to her and avoid touching her as usual made her furious. It was best to keep things as civil as possible.
“I want to be alone tonight. Could you sleep downstairs?” 
Steve looked shocked, but must have understood because he nodded his head.
“Okay, no problem.” He was following her with his eyes as she moved to pick up the laundry basket. “Goodnight.”
“Goodnight,” she answered.
Wanting desperately to turn to him and hurl the laundry basket in his face, the vision of a tall, skinny, young soldier with a bad haircut shimmered in front of her eyes. 
It was Steve. Augustus Boyd, a good old boy whose father moved up north from Tennessee to work at the Rouge plant, Ford Motor Car, iron ore and steel mill, Zug Island and smelt. They grew used to the stench of the steel mill while a man from the hills made a living wage and benefits. He sent for his family shortly after starting work, and they moved into a flat behind a bar.
Kelly’s family owned their home in a nicer part of town, although there was nothing wrong with Steve’s neighborhood. The only problem was Mr. Jones and his working-man’s bar across the alley from the Boyd residence, the gunfire that occasionally came through the windows of the Boyd apartment from the bar, and the noise at closing when the drunks went to their cars. Kelly’s family was about a mile away in another brick house near the country club. Drunks and gunfire were kept under wraps in that neighborhood.
Kelly thought of the boy who grew up behind Jones’s Bar, the handsome kid with the shock of golden curls, what it was like when he got drafted, taking his teenaged wife across the country to live in a stinking trailer near the army base in Texas. They’d teased each other at the time, and said that if a marriage could survive that horrible place, it could survive anything. Now she was wondering.
Getting pajamas out of the closet, she took them into the bathroom to get ready for bed. It was almost two in the morning, too late to text her sister, and she didn’t want to tell her bad news about Steve. Pushing the off button on her phone, for the first time in years she was out of communication with her kids and sister. No one would be able to reach her now unless they got into a car and came to the house.
Going through her nightly ritual, she brushed her teeth for a full two minutes and washed her face. At her age, it didn’t do her skin any favors to leave makeup on all night. The day had been unremarkable until a few hours ago. Working in the same hospital for twenty-five years, nearing retirement, she felt pride in what she did, and it provided moments of self-actualization, but it wasn’t fun anymore.
In her youth, she and her colleagues had experienced every range of emotion together, from abject sadness to ecstasy. Nursing had provided a lot of what she needed in addition to money. But it couldn’t provide everything. And what her husband was unable or unwilling to give her, she did without.
So now the time was drawing closer when she no longer would have to be dressed and ready to work by seven in the morning. Able to get up and do what she wanted without getting in the car on a snowy morning, ten degrees, with unplowed roads and below-zero windchill factors, or worse, a July morning that would be perfect for the beach but she had to go to work while a sitter took minimal care of her children.
Taking a deep breath, she knew she was in for a night of hell if she didn’t reel it in, stop with the guilt talk, the I was such a crappy parent loop she listened to when things went wrong. And things had definitely gone wrong.
A little voice said, It’s not your problem, Kelly. It really wasn’t. Chanting that, making it her mantra would take discipline. What Steve had done forty years ago didn’t reflect on her, it wasn’t her responsibility; she didn’t have to make any decisions based on it.
Avoiding looking down her nose at Steve - that was what she really wanted to do - would not be easy, wanting to call him a lowlife, make fun of his childhood, and repeat what her family had said about him, hurtful phrases she kept to herself. When this news got out, she’d never live it down.
So here was another dilemma. Her pride. What in the hell was she going to say to her friends? Family? Co-workers? It was made for daytime TV. So shallow that when her husband was having what was probably one of the worst nights of his life, she was avoiding him. She imagined what she should be doing, going downstairs and screwing his brains out. But she was too old, and he wouldn’t want her. The rejection would kill her. It didn’t mean the same thing anymore, that passion she once had for Steve. What they’d once had, he’d chiseled away years ago with his indifference. Did he ever really feel passion for her?
Wanting more wine, she carefully opened the door to her bedroom and crept out into the hall. Sounds from the TV in the basement drifted up the stairs. He’d gone downstairs as she requested. Tiptoeing across the living room into the kitchen so he wouldn’t know she was still up, she carefully opened the refrigerator door and got the wine out. Taking her dirty glass and the whole bottle with her, she went back to her bedroom. Pouring a glass, she took a sip, imagining that first morning text to Karen she’d have to send.
“It was something so horrible you can’t even imagine it,” she’d type.
Karen’s imagined question; “Did someone die? Does he have cancer?”
That fantasy brought Kelly back to reality. That would be horrible. She didn’t even want to put it into thoughts, how horrible it would be to imagine Steve having cancer or someone dying. So having looked at the problem in that way, it wasn’t horrible. What was it? She closed her eyes for a moment, thinking.
It was sad. Yes, it was very sad that the young, hillbilly boy got married to a stupid rich girl who got pregnant right away, and then he got drafted and went to Vietnam soon after. And probably the older woman flirted with him unmercifully, offering him a respite from the rigors of war, he took advantage of it, and she got pregnant. The woman could have found him in the States if she’d cared enough to try, but the luckless Ted Baker came along and offered her something better.
During the fall of Saigon, he was able to get Lee and little Titan airlifted out of the country. They had to wait in Laos that year, but then their visas were approved. They came to the United States and settled in Chicago, a great town, a racially mixed town where a foreigner could come from an unpopular country and make a success of her life.
Kelly wondered what Mr. Baker did for a living. The name sounded so American. Baker. Did Lee try to remake herself? Or did her new family know she’d been a mamasan? Kelly vaguely remembered stories Steve had told her, now obviously heavily edited stories, of the women who worked on the base, doing laundry and cleaning the barracks. He’d taught her the word - mamasan. Was that what Lee had done?
Suddenly hatred from an unknown place flowed through her for people from a country she’d never been to, all because her husband was a liar. She’d allow a little anger toward Lee Baker to occupy space in her heart, but not for long, mostly compassion for her, someone desperate, an opportunist probably, not wanting to accept that this young, naïve man/boy could possibly have a wife and child.
Her son Augie’s face passed through her mind again. He was proof of how deserving she was. Why else would she be blessed with such a wonderful child? And now he was a wonderful father and husband. How was Augie going to take the news? Because no matter what Steve did, whether he tried to meld Lee and Titan with his existing family, or turned his back on them and pretended they didn’t exist, Augie and the other children would still have to be told. Titan was 
their flesh and blood, too.
By six that morning, the wine was gone and Kelly was out cold. She’d locked the door to the bedroom because she wanted to know when he was coming in, not because she was trying to keep him out. At eight, there was a soft tap on the door and it woke her up. She unlocked it for him and went into the bathroom to brush her teeth. Steve saw the bottle and frowned. His wife was not a drinker, at least not usually.
She put lipstick on and ran a comb through her hair, still jet-black with a few strands of silver, but just enough to catch the light. He was on the edge of the bed in his jeans and undershirt.
“Are you going to run this morning?” he asked.
“I haven’t even thought about it. I guess I should.”
A weekend athlete, usually the first thing she did was pound out miles on the pavement before Saturday errands began.
“What are you going to do?” she asked.
Almost afraid to hear the answer, she went to the bedside table and got out a bottle of aspirin.
“I’m going to pick up Titan and take him to breakfast. Then I thought I’d improvise the rest of the day. You and I need to talk, that’s a given, but I guess I’d better have something to tell you, first.”
He stood up and started to pace. “Look, Kelly, I know this is awful. And I’m grateful you’re keeping cool, for now. I know we’re going to have to go through something. But thank you for giving me time. I feel obligated to spend time with him. I feel a connection, but I’m still going to ask him to submit to DNA testing. It’s only fair.”
He had doubts after all.
“I want to see our kids this weekend,” she said, interested to see what his response was going to be.
“I already talked to Augie this morning,” he said, surprising her. “I’m not going to say anything about Titan until you and I have had a chance to really talk. And also to make sure Titan’s really mine. There’s no point in exposing our business unless we need to.” She nodded her head.
“I’m going to run.”
Deciding she’d stick to routine in spite of only two hours of sleep and a hangover, she went to her dresser to get running clothes and went into the bathroom to put them on. When she came out, he was still sitting on the bed.
“You might not want to hear this right now, but I do love you, Kelly.”
Looking at him she thought, These are the words I long to hear, and you’re using them now? What a putz. But she remembered her decision to stick to the facts.
“Thank you, Steve.”
She force a small smile, and then a bigger one when she saw how desperate he seemed and how handsome he was. Really seeing him, just him, for the first time in days, she noticed he looked thin and drawn and his eyes were glassy like he might not have had much sleep, either.
“I’ll see you later, okay?”
“I’m going to shower and then I’ll head out,” he said, ignoring her statement. “Be careful.”
Grabbing her water bottle, she hooked it on her belt and left the house. It was a beautiful fall day, crisp air and blue skies, the trees at the peak of color yet holding on to their leaves with just a few crunching underfoot. She walked the first mile, looking at the houses in her neighborhood, several decorated for the fall, Halloween and then Thanksgiving just around the corner. When she got to the main street that cut through their subdivision, she picked up her pace.
Running the miles around the perimeter of their town, she tried not to picture Steve as she’d seen him in photos, in army green fatigues, sitting around a long table with other soldiers, an attractive woman standing holding a beer pitcher in their midst. Stopping in her tracks, she thought about that particular photo. Where was it? It was in an album of photos she’d assembled from pictures he sent her.
There were others too, albums full of photos that she wasn’t interested in seeing at the time, photos that he’d compiled from his year overseas that now took on a new significance. Turning around, she ran back home, hoping he was gone. When she turned the corner, she saw his truck pulling out of the garage. Quickly, she backed up behind a tree while he was pulling away from the house, going toward the side of town where the hotel was located. When his truck turned the corner and was out of sight, she ran to the house and let herself in through the garage door.
Throwing her water bottle in the sink, she pulled her shoes off. All his photo albums were in the downstairs cave with his other personal items, things he chose to keep separate from their shared things. Going down the stairs, she felt a little secretive. He wouldn’t mind if she looked through his albums; they were out in the open. There was nothing for him to hide because he didn’t know about Titan until last night.
Flipping the light switch on, she went to the bookcase and pulled an album out, the first of about ten, the album she’d put together of photos he’d sent her in the letters he wrote. The albums were the old-fashioned kind called magnetic, made of horrible adhesive-covered sheets that ultimately ruined photographs, but no one knew it back in the 70s. Sitting on the end of the couch, she started turning the rigid pages of photographs.
The first few pages were solitary poses he’d taken for her, innocent and revealing. He was just a kid. As time passed, his photos became more complicated, groups of men at work and play, his room, friends he made, scenic pictures of shrines and ruins and piles of blue-glazed pottery someone had destroyed.
Finally, she came to the photo she’d remembered during her short run. There it was, a smiling group of men, posed around a pool table, with a very attractive Vietnamese woman in their midst. She pulled up the plastic sheet that covered the page and picked at the corner of the photo. With a little effort, she was able to pull the photo off without destroying the writing on the back. Me, Jim Tobin, Alec Smith, Paul Cram, Lee Nguyen.
Kelly’s heart started drumming away. Everyone in the photo smiled for the camera, but Steve was looking at Lee. Kelly didn’t return the picture. She put the album back on the shelf, certain there might be more photos for her to see to help drive the pain of what he’d done a little deeper, but she couldn’t take any more right then.
Later, she’d Google Lee Nguyen Baker and see if she could come up with anything else. Running up the stairs, she wanted to see the photo in bright light. Sliding the patio door open, she stepped out onto the enclosed porch off the back of the house. It was a wasted space, too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter. But for a few days in the autumn it would be handy for viewing photos, or for drinking wine at night while alone.
The picture was a little grainy, but she could see that Lee was once a beauty. If she knew Steve like Kelly thought she did, she could tell he’d loved Lee by the way he had looked at her. It made her physically sick, and later she’d get angry to think that she’d wasted years of her life trying to help him recover, not wholly from the horror of Vietnam, but because he had left someone he loved behind. If she’d only known.
In a drawer in her craft room was a picture she’d separated from the rest of their family photos, of Steve and Kelly and the kids of two close friends, in front of the Lion House at the Detroit Zoo. She went back into the house to find it, not yet releasing the photo of Lee and Steve. It had become a talisman; it would guide her, hopefully. The photo was right where she’d kept it for the past thirty years. In it, Kelly was not looking her best. It was taken in the middle of a rough stretch of marriage, and the stress showed in her body and her face, in spite of her youth. Steve was standing next to her, but his head was swiveled as far from her as he could get it, looking off into the distance. Kelly stood with her hands clasped in front of her, and Steve was in a pose. Back then, she thought he might have been trying to look cool, almost like a model, but now she knew the truth. His body language spoke volumes. He had been trying to distance himself from her.
Pulling the chair out from the sewing machine table, she sat down, cradling both pictures in her hands, and bowed her head. Very softly, she allowed tears to fall yet again. In twelve hours she’d cried more than she had in the past ten years, succumbing to self-pity, finally facing the truth, her husband hadn’t loved her like he did this woman from Asia.
Making a tough decision, he’d come home to stay with Kelly and their child, and then had five more. Knowing Steve, he’d probably thought he was doing the honorable thing. But Kelly thought that it was a weakness, that he’d been a chicken. He should have stayed there with Lee, or gone back to Vietnam and left Kelly with Augie, giving her a chance to find someone who loved her instead of not loving her enough.
She’d spent her whole life trying to get Steve to love her in the way he’d already loved someone else. He never laughed, rarely smiled, and it seemed like the burden of having a wife was too much. Often racking her brain trying to determine what part of his misery was her responsibility, she could never figure it out.
Too late, she’d discovered the answer; he’d given up the real love of his life and tried to make do with a substitute. Were Steve’s last words to her that morning a true declaration?
“I love you, Kelly.”
Had he finally, at the mid-century mark of wedded years, concluded that she was the one he wanted, not the other woman? Did he have to see her son to make the decision?
“Oh hell,” she said, hiding the photos away for later viewing. She’d scan them together so he could see the difference. Before-after, before-after. Happy Steve, miserable Steve; happy Steve, miserable Steve.
Going in to shower, she thought of something else. Her daughter Alice, a definite chip off the old block, had slipped in conversation with Kelly and said something about being raised by a man who was emotionally unavailable. Kelly would ponder that phrase for a long time. What did it really mean? He loved the children, Kelly thought, was there for them, helped support them financially. What more did parenting require?
“Wait till you have your own kids,” Kelly had responded. “You’ll find emotional availability is often a mistake.” Alice laughed, but she really didn’t think it was funny.
“Dad acts like it’s a burden to have a family.” That statement threw Kelly. “He is so miserable.”
“I don’t think it has anything to do with us,” Kelly answered. “He has his demons, like we all do.”
Looking back, she realized the conversation was prophetic. Steve hadn’t heard what Alice said because Kelly didn’t want his feelings hurt. Now she realized she was enabling him to stay emotionally unavailable.
The weekend was so important to her; for years she planned how she’d spend every second of her time away from work, and Steve and his son were not ruining her time. Having things to do and people to see, she had a shower, took extra care getting dressed, and began her day.
Texting her sister, she invited her to meet at the Cast Away Diner out on the highway so they wouldn’t run into anyone they knew; then she texted each of her kids to say she was available for an audience with any of them or all of them if someone wanted to throw an impromptu gathering together. They could discuss a cider mill outing at that time.
Driving to the diner, she didn’t even think of Steve and Lee and Titan. Pulling next to her sister’s car, she looked up and smiled at Karen and checked her phone for text messages one last time. Augie’s wife, Sandy, said to come over at three; everyone would be there for a late lunch. Kelly opened the car door, stretching to get out when Karen tapped on her window, and a finger pointing toward the entrance made Kelly look up.
It was Steve and his other family. Evidently, Lee had come on the excursion from Chicago and Steve had failed to tell her. And he was with her in a public restaurant on a Saturday morning.
The ludicrousness of it, that he would go to the Cast Away to hide out, made her laugh out loud. Kelly glanced over at Karen who frowned, clearly questioning. Steve walked toward the cars chatting comfortably with Lee and Titan. Kelly decided she was ready for a meeting now.
Steve looked up just as these thoughts appeared in her head, like the energy was transmitted to him. You can’t hide it anymore, Steve-o. Pale skin turning beet red, he didn’t approach the car or even signal he knew her. Putting his hand up on Lee’s back in a protective way, he had her move beyond him, speaking to Titan as he did so, and then when they were safely out of view, he came back to her car. She was seething.
“Sorry about that,” he said, glancing over at Karen’s car to wave, but she ignored it. She smelled a rat and had nothing to lose by letting him know she didn’t approve. “I thought it would be safe to come here for breakfast, but obviously I was wrong.”
“Does safe equal behind my back?” Kelly said, struggling not to spit in his face.
I am not going to let him see how angry I am, she thought. Staying cool might help her keep the upper hand, but she wondered why keeping the upper hand was suddenly important in a marriage of almost a half century.
“No, not at all,” he said.
“Then why didn’t you tell me she was here?”
Kelly was seeing a side of Steve she’d never seen before, and she didn’t like it. He was creepy, a lying cheat who thought if he hid his sins, they weren’t really sins.
“I didn’t know she’d come. I was going to tell you later,” he said, but Kelly wondered.
“Well, she’s very pretty,” Kelly said honestly.
Lee didn’t look seventy-three. Maybe that was another lie.
“What are you going to do?” Steve asked.
“Now, or for the rest of my life?” Kelly said.
“Now,” Steve replied, embarrassed.
“After the faux breakfast, since I’m sure I won’t be able to eat anything after this, I’m going to visit your other family. Augie’s having everyone over at three.”
She was biting her tongue not to say something smart-ass about him bringing Lee and Titan.
“I’d better get back,” he said.
She frowned at him, disbelieving that they were in such a predicament.
“I need to get going myself, Steve. Have a nice day.”
She opened the door, trying to get him to move aside so she could get out.
“Don’t leave mad,” he said condescendingly.
“Fuck off, Steve,” she said, slamming the car door, and she stamped off to her sister’s car.
They looked over their shoulders at Steve, shooting him angry vibes.
Chapter 2
Nervous, Steve went to his car after his wife left for the diner. As he got closer, he saw two smiling faces. His son, although obviously Asian, was definitely a Boyd. He had the oval face and long nose Steve had, and the same goofy smile. Lee was sitting in the front seat, watching Steve closely. Steve was embarrassed by the scrutiny. Lee was still beautiful.
The night before, when Titan had invited him back to the hotel, Steve didn’t know she’d be waiting there. Titan swore he wasn’t trying to trap Steve.
“I’m so sorry,” he said. “I thought I told you my mother came along.”
The first giveaway was that he knocked on the door to his own room. That meant someone was waiting on the other side. Steve thought it was Titan’s wife, Jean. He’d seen pictures of her already; they were both pediatric orthopedists. His son, the doctor. Jean had MS, one of the first intimacies revealed, and she was rapidly deteriorating. Titan had his hands full, trying to keep up with the practice they’d started together. Jean no longer worked, and her mother stayed at the house while Titan was in Michigan looking for Steve.
He got into the car and looked at Lee and then at Titan in the backseat. “Well, that was my wife,” Steve said.
Titan and Lee were both sorry they’d caused him problems, but not enough to have stayed away.
“Is she upset?” Lee asked.
“Mother, for God’s sake, what do you think?”
Titan had had a few months to work out his own anger at Lee for lying to him about his paternity, and for having lied to Ted Baker, letting it slip later, after Ted died, that he thought he was Titan’s father.
Shortly after Steve left Vietnam, Lee discovered she was pregnant. Latching on to Ted Baker was easy; she was wise and beautiful, and he was a lonely officer. Bringing Lee back to the US was never a question for Ted, who was a devoted husband and father, unwavering that his child would have a safe, secure life. More importantly for Titan, Ted Baker was also smart. Ted raised Titan in an atmosphere of academia, and from a young age he knew he’d go to college.
Titan didn’t know anything about Steve Boyd except that he was uneducated. Whether or not he was smart was yet to be determined. Titan had made the decision he didn’t care about Steve’s intellect. After time, Titan had come to terms with his mother’s lack of moral character, that she’d entrapped an innocent man. In one year, he’d lost the man he thought was his real father; his wife, also his business partner, could no longer walk or care for herself; and he’d discovered that his mother was as sly as a con artist.
Lee denied it, saying she was desperate to find someone to rescue her, and she’d always treated Ted with respect. But she never stopped loving Steve. Titan was so sorry he’d revealed Steve’s whereabouts, and he certainly hadn’t intended on his mother coming along to see Steve. She’d insisted, buying her own ticket, showing up at the airport at the last minute. Considering canceling the trip, Titan was afraid she’d contact Steve on her own. Now it looked like she’d be trouble for Steve no matter what.
Titan had hired a private investigator to find Steve, who was off the radar and didn’t have email or any internet presence. A good ole’ boy, a hunter and fisherman, Steve had a woodshop in his garage and a tool chest in the back of his pickup truck. The best way Titan could meet him was by just showing up. When Titan arrived on Steve’s doorstep, he’d opened a Pandora’s box. An angry wife needed to be appeased. Steve had six kids, which meant Titan had brothers and sisters, whom he wanted to meet.
“Steve, we don’t expect you to spend the rest of the day with us, although it’s very kind of you to offer,” Titan said.
“Well, I do have explaining to do at home,” he replied. “We have jobs to go to, so I probably shouldn’t wait for Monday to take care of it. How long will you be in town?”
“We’re leaving tonight,” Titan said.
“But we can stay longer,” Lee said, determined to have her way.
“Mother, that’s not an option.”
She gave him a dirty look.
“Let Stevie decide,” Lee said, flashing her eyes at Steve.
The provocative look didn’t escape Titan.
“I need to get home soon,” Steve said.
Then he turned to Lee, trying to use his head in dealing with her. “We’ve been married for over forty years and have six children. I was married to Kelly when I was in Vietnam, so I’m ashamed that I betrayed her.
“Titan,” he said, “I am pleased to meet you. I’m proud of you already. We need to give this situation time, though, before we do anything else. Let’s just get to know each other.”
“I agree,” Titan said. “I didn’t expect you to drop everything and come running to us. We need to get back to Chicago and I need to go to work on Monday, too.”
“I’m going to stay here,” Lee stated.
“You really can’t,” Steve said. “If you do, it will cause trouble for me. Is that what you want?”
“Mother, stop being so selfish, okay? Your selfishness is what got us into this mess in the first place.”
Lee snapped at him in Vietnamese.
“I’m glad I didn’t understand that,” Steve said.
“Show some respect for your mother,” she translated.
“Act worthy of my respect then instead of being a troublemaker,” Titan replied. “Steve, you can take us back to the hotel now.”
Steve started the car and backed out of the space, heading toward the highway.

Kelly and Karen watched the charade out the grimy window of the diner, while Karen watched her sister’s reaction across the table. They were fraternal twins. Karen didn’t look anything like Kelly, had short salt-and-pepper hair, and was short and chubby. But they were made of the same stuff.
“I still can’t believe it,” Karen said. “I guess I don’t know Steve as well as I thought I did.”
Kelly didn’t reply. What was there to say? If Steve wanted to betray me badly enough, he’d find the skills to do so. Deciding not to bash Steve, Kelly pretended that she wasn’t as crushed as she really was, hoping Karen wouldn’t hate Steve. Her sister was protective and could hold a grudge for a long time.
“He was young, remember, in his early twenties,” Kelly said. “I asked myself this question. If I had been sent to war against my will and thought I might die at any second, and an older, beautiful woman, maybe coming across as a wise woman, came on to me, what would I do?”
“Kelly, going off to war didn’t give him the right to ignore his morals. A lot of men were in Vietnam, and they didn’t all have affairs and leave kids behind.”
“You would be surprised how many did, Karen. I read that tens of thousands of children were born to Vietnamese mothers from American fathers. Steve didn’t even know she was pregnant. At least he says he didn’t.”
“Do you believe him?”
“I don’t know what to believe. We haven’t had a chance to talk yet.” She looked at her watch. “I have to be at Augie’s at three. I’ll text you as soon as I talk with Steve, okay?”
“Don’t do anything rash,” she warned.
“I thought you were mad at him,” Kelly replied, grinning.
“I am. But I don’t want you to get a divorce or anything like that,” Karen said.
Karen knew her criticism of Steve had hurt Kelly deeply, her beloved sister who she would never intentionally set out to hurt. Last Christmas, Kelly had given her an angel ornament for the tree that had an inscription by Emily Bronte. Whatever souls are made of, yours and mine are the same. Thinking of it brought tears to her eyes. Kelly had to be devastated, yet was putting on the strong face they’d been raised to show the world.
Leaving the booth, they went to the cashier. “I still can’t believe it,” Karen said.
“Tell me about it,” Kelly replied. “Now I have to pretend everything’s okay with my kids for the rest of the afternoon.”
“Maybe it will be,” Karen said, hopeful, hugging Kelly and kissing her cheek.
But it was already too late.
***
Dropping Titan and Lee off at the hotel after breakfast, Steve felt anxiety creeping in. Shaking their hands, he said goodbye and didn’t linger. On the way back home, he began to worry. While he was with Lee and Titan, he hadn’t thought much about what the situation would mean to his family. Now that he was alone, the facts started tumbling around in his head.
Steve had decided to have a relationship with his son, aware of the impact it would have on his and Kelly’s children. The decision meant involving his children. During the ride home from the hotel, he confronted his first fears about his other children. Would they hate him? Hate Titan? Or would they give him a break? It wasn’t Titan’s fault in any way.
Would they be angry with Steve for betraying Kelly? He thought of Augie, his firstborn; Augie was the prince of the family. They even called him the Prince behind his back. He was smart and good, and he’d never given them a moment’s concern except for once, before Steve left for Vietnam. The infant Augie had a high fever. Kelly thought he was dying, he was so sick, and that fear translated to horror for Steve. After that, he was afraid of his son, of the power he had over Steve and Kelly. It was his love for the baby that he feared.
When orders for Vietnam came for Steve, it was almost a relief. He was running from his wife and baby, but they’d be well taken care of by her doting family, even if he was killed.
Trying to put the focus back on the present, he knew they were meeting at Augie’s that afternoon, like they did almost every weekend. The children excused Steve from having to attend, but today he wondered why. Was he that miserable that he’d choose to miss out on an afternoon with his children and grandchildren just so he could be alone in the dreary basement?
Reaching home, he decided he’d go to Augie’s. Pushing the button on the garage door opener, Kelly’s car was there. The dashboard clock said that it was just after one. He wasn’t expecting to have to confront her so soon after the diner debacle. Taking a deep breath, he carefully opened the door leading to the kitchen. Standing at the sink, Kelly was looking out the window above it, a pose Steve had seen many times, one he took for granted. Turning to look at him for a second and then back to the window, she had nothing to say to him. Feeling disrespected that he’d go out in public with Lee, taking a chance that she’d see them together, Kelly forced herself not to run from the room, waiting for Steve to start talking.
“I’d like to go with you today,” he said.
“Why? You hate going over there,” she said, frowning.
“I don’t hate anything, Kelly. I don’t want to waste a nice fall day in the basement, watching TV, that’s all. And I need to tell the kids about Titan.”
“No. You don’t drop a bomb like that at someone’s get-together, Steve. If you want to ruin their day or their lives, tell them at your own throwdown. Make a plan to get together with them here or at a park.”
“Oh, good point. I didn’t think about it like that.”
“Yeah, you don’t seem to be thinking about anyone but yourself right now. That was a class act, showing up at the diner. You know I have coffee with Karen every Saturday.”
“Look, I’m not good at this sort of thing. It’s not that I’m intentionally screwing up, okay?”
“No, you’re not thinking at all is the problem. Try putting yourself in someone else’s place, would you? Do you really think the kids are going to give a crap about him? I don’t think they will. He’s your problem, not theirs.”
“He’s a great guy,” Steve said. “He’s a doctor. An MD.”
“Big deal! I couldn’t care less that he’s a doctor. They can be as big a schmuck as anyone. And how about his mother? Is she part of the package? It’s bad enough you’re going to spend time with the son, I’m supposed to accept the mother in your life, too? Think again, Steve.”
“I wish you would let me explain how it happened,” Steve said, unintentionally putting his foot in his mouth again.
“I know how it works, Steve. You screwed a Vietnamese barmaid and she got pregnant. It’s not rocket science.”
“I’m not trying to make excuses, but I didn’t think I’d make it home,” Steve said, confessing his fears for the first time.
“You hoped you wouldn’t have to come back home to me. I finally figured it out after tearing my hair out all these years! You were miserable because you missed that tramp. I don’t want to talk about her or the kid. I’m so angry with you right now I almost wish you would die. Instead, you expect me to sit back while you tear our life apart.”
She walked out, angry at him for upsetting their life, and at herself for losing control. Everything she’d just said to him was wrong and she knew it, yet it was too late, the words lingered in the air, ready to ignite.
“Don’t leave, Kelly. We need to talk about it, no matter how pissed off you are. If we are going to keep going, we have to be honest with each other.”
She looked at him, incredulous.
“Honesty? Okay, here’s honesty. I want you to tell your girlfriend and her son to go back to Chicago. Tell them you aren’t interested in developing a relationship with them, that you don’t even believe he’s your son.
“I don’t want my life disrupted. For the past forty years, all the excuses you’ve given me for whatever was ailing you at the time are no longer valid. Honesty? How about being honest with me for a change? You’ve been miserable for such a long time Steve. You were unhappy because you weren’t with the woman you loved.”
Gasping, she didn’t mean to accuse him so soon.
It hit him, the accusation Kelly made, like a slap in the face. He had been unhappy, she was correct. After leaving Lee behind in a horrible place, the guilt and worry had taken a long-lasting toll.
After Kelly went back to the bedroom, Steve sat at the kitchen table. The sun shone in the window at an angle it only achieved in the fall. One thing she said was correct; he had been in love with Lee. Although he loved Kelly, he was in love with Lee. And if he’d known she was pregnant when he left, he would have gone back to bring her to the States.
When he saw her for the first time in over forty years, he knew he still loved her, that he’d never stopped. But he loved Kelly, too. They had a life together. What he’d had with Lee was make-believe at the time, but the child made it real for him, giving the relationship the validity he needed to pursue something with Lee.
Wondering if he’d be able to walk away from his family in Michigan, the idea that he’d really do so scared him. Not having much of a relationship with his children, he felt powerless to discover why unless he blamed Kelly. She was smart and so funny; the kids had always looked to her to get their needs met and questions answered.
When her parents died and left her money, Steve felt superfluous. Now they didn’t even need his paycheck. Kelly wasn’t to blame. Even when the kids were young and came to him for help or guidance, his pat answer was go ask your mother. He never really liked kids, and they might have figured it out. Kelly went to their sporting events and drove them to their games and lessons. It was what wives and mothers did. They no longer asked for his involvement by the time the twins started school. Her work schedule was rigid, but somehow she managed to squeeze everything in. The resentment he felt for her over-the-top accomplishments reared its head after the twins were born.
One incident rose to the surface. They were invited to bring the kids to his boss’s pool party. Augie was just six, and the infant twins kept Kelly on her toes. Before Steve got up that morning, she’d packed the car with everything a family with three kids would need for a day away from home. When they arrived at his boss’s house, Steve hopped out of the car and walked up to greet his co-workers who were waiting at the gate.
The boss’s wife said, “My God, will you look at Kelly. Infant babies and she looks better than I do.”
Everyone’s heads swiveled as a smiling Kelly came down the path, pushing a buggy, holding Augie’s hand at her side. Steve still remembered what she was wearing: an off the shoulder peasant blouse and short blue jean shorts with high platform sandals, looking like a model, long black hair curling around her shoulders. Steve watched as she approached, amazed at how beautiful she was, and embarrassed that a bunch of factory workers were necessary to point it out to him.
“Go help your wife,” someone said, and he jumped into action and went to her side.
It was an isolated incident. He couldn’t remember her ever asking him for help with the kids. That was the thing. It didn’t appear that she needed his help, so he never offered.
Getting up from the table, he went back to their bedroom.
“Why didn’t you ever ask me to help you?” he asked.
She was standing in the bathroom, combing her hair.
“What are you talking about, Steve?” Clearly, she was still annoyed with him. “Help with what?”
“You never asked for help with the kids.”
She put the brush down and stared into his eyes.
“What are you getting at? I did it alone when you were gone. And after the twins were born, I quickly determined they would be my jurisdiction. I did ask you at first. You didn’t want to help, so I learned to do without.”
Steve was flabbergasted. He didn’t remember refusing her if she asked for help.
“Well, I apologize for not helping you with the kids. That was awful of me. And for not helping you run them around to all their events. I realize how difficult that must have been. You made it look so easy.”
“Because I was organized, I was penalized. Sounds about right, Steve. It’s your way of thinking.
“Let me ask you a question. Why didn’t you help? Why weren’t you interested in the kids?”
Standing still, not knowing how to answer her, he remembered honesty. They were going for honesty.
“You just said it. I wasn’t interested. Little babies scared me, and bigger ones expected you to play boring games.”
“But they were your kids. We made the decision to have them together. Let’s have another! You said those words to me. We were watching the three we had race around the yard, and you said, ‘Let’s have another.’ We created them together.”
“My dad didn’t do much with us,” he said sadly. “Dads worked and moms did everything else.”
“I see,” she said, the anger building. “I feel like I keep telling you I don’t want to talk to you, and you’re ignoring it.”
“We’ve got to face it, Kelly. I got another woman pregnant, and she had a son, my son. Titan is mine. He even looks like me.”
Kelly couldn’t believe how much his words hurt her, but she didn’t tell him.
“I gotcha, Steve. You had a kid. I saw him, remember? You were unfaithful; I haven’t heard you use that adjective yet. You’ve skirted around it. I was at home with a baby while you were getting another woman pregnant, if you remember.”
“I remember. I wrote you every day, do you remember that?”
“How’d you find the time? I imagine it took all the strength you had to leave the seductress Lee.”
The words stung, but he had it coming, so he let her talk. Why didn’t he feel more guilt about betraying Kelly? The guilt he had was generated by leaving Lee behind when he left for the States, not by what he did to Kelly.
Kelly was right; he had been unfaithful. He didn’t look at it that way at the time because what he did wasn’t affecting Kelly. What she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her. But it had backfired.
“I’m not doing this anymore, Steve. I’m not going to accept your relationship with these people. So you have a choice to make.”
It was too early to be making a final statement. What if their children decided to embrace Titan? She’d put them in the position of betraying their mother, and she didn’t want that. So she backpedaled.
“I take it back. I’m not going to accept your relationship at this time. I want to be angry for a while, if you don’t mind. So I’m asking you to stop expecting anything from me. I’ll let you know when I want answers. I’m going to Augie’s now.
“You are welcome to come, but only if you can keep this news to yourself. I don’t want to have a fight about it in front of everyone, and we need to work this out in private.”
Steve thought about what it would mean. He felt like he was abandoning Titan but acknowledged that was an illogical feeling, and he couldn’t make decisions based on it.
“Okay, I won’t say anything.”
“Could you drive?” she asked.
Taking his truck keys off the key ring hook, he led the way out to the garage. It had been a while since he had gone with her to visit on a Saturday; he was unable to remember the last time.
They got into the truck, and just as he was fastening his seatbelt, his cell phone beeped; he’d received a text message. The only person who ever texted him was sitting next to him, so he knew it had to be Titan. He looked up at Kelly.
“I’m sorry. I better look at this.”
He pulled his phone out and pushed some buttons and it was Titan.
Sorry to bother you. Mother is having a meltdown, and I was hoping you could come back. She’s threatening to go to your house.
A flood of heat passed over him as he read the message. He looked at Kelly. He didn’t know how to deal with this except to include her.
“Do you think we can bypass Augie’s for now? Titan is asking me to come to the hotel because Lee is having a meltdown and is threatening to come to the house. I’d like you to go with me.”
Kelly looked at him out of the corner of her eye. A sly one, was Augustus Stephen Boyd. He’d get his way somehow.
“Is it safe?” she asked. “I mean, what if they have a gun?”
Steve hadn’t thought of a gun.
“I’m going to call and ask to speak to her. Are you okay with that?”
Kelly nodded. He dialed the number Titan had left and he answered right away.
“Can I speak to Lee?”
Titan gave the phone to his mother, who was trying to catch her breath, she’d been sobbing with such force.
“Lee, you can’t threaten me by coming to my house. If you do so, I’ll call the police. You don’t want that for Titan, do you?”
Kelly was impressed. He’d used just the right tone with a little firmness but compassion, too.
“Why didn’t you get in touch with me when you left Saigon?” she asked.
Steve glanced over at Kelly and mouthed, sorry.
“I was married, Lee. What we had together was just for my time in Vietnam. I could ask you why you didn’t let me know that you were pregnant right away so I could have helped you. Instead, you ran to Ted Baker. You had a good life with him, now let me have my life with my wife.”
Fresh tears began as Lee apologized.
“I’m so sorry, Stevie. I didn’t mean to cause trouble. I’m sad for Baker and sad for Titan. It all my fault.”
Steve agreed but didn’t want to make her angry. And he didn’t want to engage her further by trying to comfort her.
“I’m going to my son’s house now. I’ll call Titan when I leave, and maybe I can see you again before you leave for home tonight.”
Lee was placated, agreeing to calm down if it meant seeing him again. They hung up from the call.
“That was really good,” Kelly said, impressed, shelving sarcasm for now.
“Will you go over there with me later?” he asked. “I can’t explain it so that it won’t make you angry, but I want to see Titan once more before they leave.”
“I’m not angry now, Steve. Let’s go see our kids and just take it hour by hour. Jesus, we’ve only known about the guy for a day. Not even. Can I have a day, at least?”
Steve gave a rare laugh.
“Yes, I guess you can have a full day.”
She looked at him again, seeing how gaunt he was, pale and haggard.
“Have you eaten anything today?”
He shook his head.
“I ordered breakfast, but I was too nervous to eat.”
“Sandy will have food,” Kelly said, looking out the window as they drove through the neighborhood to her son’s house.
Augie would make everything better.
Chapter 3
Monday morning Kelly’s alarm went off at five. She woke up with an awful headache, but wouldn’t call out sick from work. It was a personal objective that she go unless she was really sick. If she could stand up and wasn’t contagious, she worked.
Steve had been sleeping in his recliner in the basement. Working ten-hour days to her eight he was often gone before she got up. Today was no exception. Looking in the garage, his truck wasn’t there, and it made her sad, made her long for him. They hadn’t spoken since getting home from Augie’s Saturday night. Titan and his mother had worked out their problems, and Lee got on the plane late Saturday without contacting Steve again.
Moping around all day Sunday, Steve acted exactly like he did after he got home from Vietnam. If he’d had any communication with Titan and Lee, he didn’t tell Kelly. Suppressing her anger at Steve’s behavior, she didn’t suggest he call his doctor or encourage him to get his antidepressant filled like she did in the past. An adult man, if he couldn’t figure out what was making him sad, Kelly certainly wasn’t going to call attention to it again. All she wanted was for her life to go on as it had in the past - a perfectly balanced play of her scripting.
After showering and applying makeup, she went out to the kitchen to get coffee. The creamer was a spicy cinnamon vanilla creation, more chemicals than creamer, but it was perfect for the fall weather. It was still dark out, but there was a chill in the air, the house heater not clicking on yet. A sip of the coffee brought back memories, visuals of her children on a sunny fall day, streaming down the stairs, ready to go to school.
Like it was yesterday, she remembered when she was pregnant with Alice, having two-year-old Reggie on her hip, drinking morning coffee.
Augie, a conscientious senior student who always had his homework done and was loved by his teachers, was dressed in his Catholic high school uniform of shirt and tie, and his trousers neat with a sharply pressed crease.
Next Ben and Lisa, junior high students, chatting about their shared classes, Ben looking dapper in a navy blue blazer and Lisa in a green plaid jumper.
Ken, second grade and proud of it, in a little uniform, so cute that Kelly had it shadow-boxed when he outgrew it.
The four of them would eat breakfast and then leave for the bus stop two houses down. Kelly watched them from the porch, Augie ruffling Ken’s hair, Ken proud of his big brother. When they were off to school, Kelly began her day, doing the never-ending laundry a family of seven generated, and then she would start dinner. Reggie would get a nap in and she’d try to sleep while he did. At two sharp, her mother-in-law would come to sit with Reggie when Kelly went to work the afternoon shift.
Mrs. Boyd made Kelly’s life as a working mother easy, following Kelly’s directions to a tee. The children came home from school and did their homework. Ken might have a page of alphabets to practice, but it was just as important as Augie’s calculus.
When Steve got home that evening, his mother would serve the dinner Kelly had started, and then leave for home. Getting the children to bed didn’t take much effort on his part, because they all knew what was expected of them. Steve only had to deal with Reggie.
At midnight, Kelly came home to the same thing every night. Steve would be in front of the TV in his recliner, sleeping. The kitchen was usually in good order, thanks to her children, who knew how to load the dishwasher and wipe off the table. Whatever was left undone, she’d finish, taking something out of the freezer for dinner the next day. Going upstairs, she’d move from room to room, checking on her children, changing Reggie’s diaper if need be, and get ready for bed herself.
On this fall morning, as she took that first sip of coffee, the cinnamon flavor filled her with nostalgia. Lowering her head, she began to weep again, aware that she was ruining her makeup. Slights and buried pain were magnified because of Lee, and Kelly overreacted in her thoughts, twisting and complicating things, blowing it out of proportion. Discounting any good her marriage had, she focused on its deficit.
Filling the house with children hid her empty marriage. Steve didn’t love her completely because he was in love with someone else. This morning, she missed her young family and the busyness that gave her life value. Could she keep chasing them now, trying to pull meaning from her relationships with them? Or would the discovery of Steve’s hidden life be the catalyst necessary to force her to find a life outside of her children? Shaking her head to try to clear her thoughts, she knew it was ludicrous to criticize her life, taking the full blame for an unhappy marriage.
“I don’t want a life outside of my children,” she said out loud.
Back to the bedroom to fix her makeup, Kelly got ready to leave for work. The angst was from the sadness of the discovery of Steve’s one mistake, no reason to throw out her entire basis for living. But she wasn’t convinced.
As she poured a cup of coffee in a travel mug, she refocused on this moment. This was her kitchen. Steve was her husband, for the time being. The mother of six children, a job she was good at, a few hobbies, and friends and family to whom she was loyal and caring. Those things had been enough for her. Why should it change because her husband had a lapse of moral character forty years ago?
Getting into the car, being careful to raise the garage door before she started the engine, Kelly had never questioned her life prior to this. There wasn’t time, and since she was fulfilled in her role of mother, it never came up. It made her angry that because of her husband, she felt compelled to reevaluate her life. Was it because her marriage was based on a lie?
The day at work went by quickly. Usually running errands afterward was part of her routine, but today she felt a pressing need to get home to hide and close the door tightly behind her. When she pulled up to the front of the house, she realized why the urgency.
Slowly turning into the driveway, Kelly didn’t take her eyes off the tiny woman sitting on the porch with straight black hair pulled into a bun. Her knees were tightly pressed together, and she was wearing an odd ensemble of a turquoise and white striped shirt and white tights. It was Lee.
Kelly was so glad she’d bypassed errands that day. What if Steve had come home and found her there? What if he’d let her in, and then an hour later, Kelly had come home and found them in her house, together?
She didn’t pull the car into the garage; it would be a warning of sorts for Steve who would wonder why she was parked outside. Getting out of the car, she found it nearly impossible to take her eyes off Lee.
As Kelly slowly walked to the porch, Lee stood up, a large bag in her grasp, which she held on to like it contained her life savings. Pity and compassion hit Kelly in the gut.
“I took the bus back this morning. Titan don’t know I’m here.”
Kelly remembered Steve said Lee had come to the US with Ted Baker when Titan was a toddler. That would mean she’d been here for almost forty years, and her English was still terrible. Kelly didn’t even fight the derision she felt, turning her head so Lee wouldn’t see the sneer, finding any reason to be hateful. She reeled it in however; there was no point in being rude.
“What can I do for you, Lee?”
“I would like a cup of tea if you can spare it,” she said.
“You didn’t come all the way to Dearborn for tea,” Kelly said, deciding she would be the one person in the household not manipulated by Lee Baker.
“No, but I would like some anyway while I wait for Stevie to come from work.”
Kelly wanted to swat her off the porch, but kept her hands to her sides.
“Lee, it’s a little presumptuous of you to come to his house, isn’t it? Are you trying to make trouble for him?”
“No, no, that’s not my intention, honest. I am worried about my boy. That’s all. I want to talk to Stevie about Titan.”
Kelly didn’t care what her intentions were. Why did she have to be nice? It infuriated her that she had to spend another afternoon thinking about Lee Baker. On Mondays she had certain things that she liked to do, and entertaining her husband’s former lover wasn’t one of them.
“Come in,” Kelly said, her voice clipped.
Having to dig for her front door key took time. Feeling eyes on her, she knew Lee was scrutinizing her and it was unnerving.
Throwing her purse into a closet for safekeeping, she invited Lee into her kitchen so she could put the tea water on. She liked to take her uniform off and get a shower first thing, but she didn’t trust Lee alone in the house with her giant bag, possibly ready to steal.
Going through the motions of tea making, she took a nice cup and saucer out and opened a fresh box of tea and a package of cookies she’d bought over the weekend. Steve didn’t like sweets, so cookies lasted a long time in their house. She made a tray with the tea things and arranged a plate of cookies.
“Do you take lemon or cream?”
“Lemon,” Lee answered.
Leaning against the wall with her cloth bag held out in front of her while she waited for the tea to be served, Lee came to Kelly’s chin, making her feel like an amazon. Tiny, Lee had a little birdlike face with a pointed nose and high cheekbones and big almond eyes and jet-black hair Kelly thought was probably dyed. Wearing gaudy silver hoops, the effect was stylish in spite of her resort clothes in the Michigan autumn.
Not able to help herself, Kelly did a quick visual nursing assessment of Lee. Judging by her color and a little puffiness of her face, Kelly deduced Lee had something going on in her body, maybe liver or kidney. But her son was a physician so surely he would pick up on it. Kelly put it out of her mind, not wanting to worry about Lee.
“You can sit over here if you like,” Kelly said, nodding toward the breakfast room. It was a cozy area in a bay window, and she often sat there alone to drink her morning coffee if it was too cold on the enclosed porch. Placing the cookies and the cup in front of Lee, Kelly poured hot water over the tea bag.
“Stevie and me, we were together for a year.”
The news hitting her in the gut, Kelly wondered if Lee had any idea that Steve had been married when they were an item in Vietnam. He said he’d told Lee, but now Kelly had doubts. Either that or she was a disrespectful bitch.
“Lee, you were aware he was married, correct? He was married with an infant when he left for Vietnam.”
“He didn’t love her,” she said. “He told me.”
“Lee, I was married to him. Am married to him. You’re talking about me.”
She really was a moron.
“No, no, not you. A short, fat woman with white hair. I saw her at the coffee shop on Saturday.”
Kelly was getting confused. Did this asshole think Karen was Steve’s wife?
“No, Lee. That was my sister. Who do you think I am?”
She had the decency to look confused.
“His maid?” 
And then Kelly looked down at her uniform and let out an involuntary bellow.
“No, Lee, not technically. I’m Kelly Boyd, Steve’s wife. This is my nursing uniform.”
She stuck out her hand and Lee hesitated but she took it. The realization of what she’d said - disrespected Steve’s wife and possibly made trouble for him - shook Lee up. She stood up, all four feet nine inches of her, and grasped Kelly’s other hand. Kelly could see the waves of fear coming over the woman, and then the meltdown as she dropped to her knees, sobbing.
“Oh my God, I’m so sorry, Kelly Boyd. I did so much disrespect. Stevie will be so mad at me, and I don’t want to make him mad. I didn’t know you were his wife,” she said, crying.
“But you knew in Vietnam,” Kelly said, unmoved. “You slept with a married man, with no regard for his wife. How can I ever trust you?”
Those last words took Kelly by surprise because they suggested a future of trusting or mistrust. Why was she worried about having to trust Lee? The idea that this woman who thought she was a maid might be in her life forever, frightened Kelly.
“I throw away my character for it, I know I did. I’m sorry Kelly Boyd,” Lee cried.
Kelly was feeling there was a little too much drama for this to be sincere, but she decided to cut her a break.
“Well, let’s not get carried away, Lee. Everything will be alright.”
That last word lingered in the air as Steve used his key to get in the front door. He looked at the tableau in his kitchen, straight faced.
“I wondered why your car was out front.”
Lee started to crawl toward Steve on her knees, still holding on to Kelly’s hands, dragging Kelly along.
“I didn’t know Kelly Boyd was your wife, Stevie. I’m so sorry I come here to your house, thinking Kelly is the maid. I lied. I’m so sorry. I told her you didn’t love your wife while you in Vietnam.” She looked at Kelly. “He never say those words he not love you.”
She released Kelly’s hands and covered her face as she cried.
Kelly was concerned. Steve was worthless in situations like this; he stood in the middle of the kitchen like he had a stick up his ass. But the point was to admonish her for the affair, not destroy her. Kelly went to her and put her arm around her, trying to get her to stand on her feet.
“Lee, you never have to beg in this house,” Kelly said. “I won’t allow it. What’s done is done. I should have introduced myself so you knew who I was. It’s my fault, not yours.”
Lee stopped sobbing and tried to stand up.
“My knees are not so good.” 
Steve came around to her other side and gave her a boost so she could stand up. She went to her cloth bag and dug out a tissue, wiping her nose.
“How’d you get here?” Steve asked Lee.
But the question started up the tears again.
“Bus,” Kelly answered for her.
“Can I use your bathroom?” Lee asked.
Kelly pointed to a doorway off the living room instead of the powder room off the kitchen in case she needed privacy.
“Right through there.”
Any anger or jealousy she had toward Lee had been completely defused. However, she was still pissed off at Steve.
“I’m going to get to the bottom of this right now, Steve. If you don’t think you can stand it, leave.”
“Hey, I just live here,” he said. “I did not have one thing to do with her coming here today.”
“No, not directly, but you actually did have something to do with it. I’m afraid if I let you handle it, she’d be moving in. Someone’s got to be strong and stand up to her.”
“I can’t believe she just showed up like that and confronted you. I’m sorry for the disrespect.”
“Like she said, she thought I was your maid,” Kelly said, laughing.
Steve noticed Kelly was still in her uniform.
“Oh, gotcha. What was the scene about when I was walking in?”
“She told me you didn’t love me. She said, ‘He said he didn’t love her. He told me.’” Steve went to her and tried to grab her hand, but Kelly pulled hers behind her back, like a child.
“I swear I never said that, Kelly. I would never speak of you to her. Please believe me.”
“Calm down, Steve. I didn’t think so. But people say things they don’t mean in the heat of passion. It’s our nature.”
“Why do I keep feeling like I’m being slapped?” Steve said.
“Guilt?” Kelly said sarcastically.
Lee came out of the bathroom and saw the couple talking.
“It was a bad idea to come here,” she said. “I’ll get the bus back to Chicago.”
Steve turned to leave as Kelly talked to Lee.
“We need to talk, Lee. It’s important to me to understand everything, and it will help you, too.”
Lee hesitated.
“So you want to talk to me about Stevie?” 
“Well, not exactly. I want to set some ground rules if you and Titan are going to be in our life. Steve and I have six children together. Multiply your love for Titan by six times! And we’ve been married for over forty years. That’s a record by some American standards. I’m not giving my husband up for a childhood romance, even if he did betray me.”
“I don’t know what we have to say to each other,” Lee said haughtily.
“Well, why not start with why you’re here? You said you wanted to talk to Steve. I’m speaking for him right now, so why not tell me what it is you want to say to him?”
“He’s a man, he should be able to speak for himself.”
“Yes, in normal circumstances, that’s true. If what you have to say is worth his involvement, then I’ll tell him. You can accept that or not. I also want you to know that we won’t be harassed by you. If you come here uninvited and are hostile, I’ll call the police.”
“I’m not going to attack you, if that’s what you’re worried about,” Lee said.
“Okay, well, come back and sit down and tell me what you wanted to talk to my husband about.”
Kelly pointed to the table, and Lee reluctantly sat down again.
“Now that I’m sitting here at your table, I can’t say it.” Lee had the decency to look embarrassed.
“Were you going to ask him to come back to you?” Kelly felt like a therapist instead of the wife slighted. “Because he’s not going to, Lee. He told me he loves me. He may want to get to know Titan, but he wants to stay in a marriage with me.”
She’d stick to the facts and not purposely try to make Lee feel bad.
While Kelly was lecturing Lee, Steve was standing on the other side of the door leading to his basement sanctuary. Having discovered Kelly had taken the picture of the men in his company surrounding Lee at the NCO club, he’d searched around to try to find it, but she’d hidden it well. Not understanding why he’d relinquished the interrogation of Lee to his wife, he would monitor it, and if it didn’t go well, he’d intercede.
“I’d like to hear the words from Stevie’s mouth,” Lee said.
Steve quickly tiptoed down the stairs and waited for Kelly to call him back up, but she never did.
“I don’t think that’s necessary right now,” Kelly answered. “You have my word that if Steve changes his mind and wants to be with you, I’ll freely let him go.” She got up for her purse. “I’ll take you back to the bus station now. I’m really sorry you came all this way for nothing.”
“No, I’m not going,” she said. “I came here to see Stevie and I want to see him, and then I’ll go. But I will see him before I leave.”
Kelly deliberated for a second. She was not going to be manipulated by Lee.
“Go out to the car and I’ll have him go with us to the bus station. You can talk to him then.”
She could see Lee was really giving it some thought.
“If you don’t leave my house quietly, Lee, you will never be welcome here again. You don’t want to do that, now do you? We can have family gatherings with Titan and his new brothers and sisters. But if you cause a problem, I am not going to allow you in the house.”
“Okay, I’m sorry. I’ll go. But I want to see Stevie.”
“Then you have to go to my car.”
Kelly felt just like a psych nurse. Was this bitch nuts? Resigned, Lee trudged out to the car. It was chilly now, the sun starting its descent. Even with the time change, it would be late by the time she got home, the only bus leaving Detroit not arriving in Chicago until midnight. Kelly made sure Lee sat in the front seat and had her seat belt on before going back into the house to call for Steve.
“Your girlfriend is having a little fit about not being able to stay here with you, so I promised her you’d ride to the bus station with us.”
She’d break the rest of the news, that they might spend holidays together, later.
“Oh God, I’m so sorry, Kelly,” he said, echoing Lee’s earlier words.
“Everyone’s so friggin sorry all the time; you’d think things wouldn’t be so bad.”
They took jackets off pegs in the hallway and went out to the car, Steve trailing behind Kelly. Feeling his presence behind her, she willed him to put his hand on her back as she’d seen him do to Lee at the diner. Steve saw Lee buckled in the front seat, a smug look on her face.
“Did she just get her way about something?” Steve asked, whispering.
“Yes, you could say that,” Kelly said.
She opened the car door and slid behind the wheel.
“Okay, here we go,” she said, watching Steve buckle his seatbelt. “So ask Steve your questions, Lee.”
Determined, Lee turned around in the seat as much as the belt would allow and looked at Steve.
“I need you to take care of me now that Baker gone.” 
Kelly bit her tongue, sure that Lee was putting on her mamasan act for Steve.
“How?” Steve asked, concerned and confused.
Did she mean financially? Mentally? Sexually crossed his mind, but he squelched it.
“I’m afraid to be alone,” she said.
“What about Titan?” Kelly interjected.
“He got a sick wife. He work and take care of Jean. So I need someone to take care of me.”
“What’s wrong with you?” Steve asked, unprepared for what she was about to say.
“I have cancer. Liver,” she replied.
There was silence in the car. Kelly suddenly didn’t want to be part of the conversation. She’s probably lying, Kelly thought. She would try to block out what they said if possible. Minutes passed.
“What do you want me to do?” Steve asked.
“I don’t know yet,” Lee answered. “But I need to know you’ll be there for me, like I was there for you.”
No one spoke for the rest of the ride. When they got to the bus station, Steve got out of the car, which surprised Kelly, thinking of the trips when he’d driven her somewhere and barely brought the car to a complete stop to let her off. Now Lee had cancer. Oh, fucking great.
Steve waited on the sidewalk for Lee as she turned to Kelly. “I sorry about disrespect today, Kelly Boyd.”
Yeah, right, Lee. “Okay, thanks.”
“I’ll be right back,” Steve said. Fuck you, Steve.
“Okay,” she answered, looking him in the eye. Is he kidding?
As he walked into the bus station at Lee’s side, Kelly realized that Steve would do what he felt he had to, regardless of having a wife. It appeared Lee came first.
Chapter 4
After work on Monday, Lisa Boyd sat on the edge of her bed tying her shoelaces, getting ready to take a walk before dinner. It was a ritual she’d tried instituting hundreds of times in the past and was determined to try again. There was no reason on earth not to. For years, she could hardly wait to get home from school in the afternoon to watch TV and eat snacks. Stuffing herself, often consuming a whole bag of chips or a half a package of cookies before the news came on, she’d then fall asleep in a heap on the couch.
Waking up after dark, lonely and regretful, she’d start fresh by making something healthy for dinner. But by nine she’d be snacking again. Having snacked herself right up to 190 pounds, her family skirted the issue of her weight, but their worry and concern were palpable, her twin, Ben, the most vocal. He’d done everything to support her attempts at getting healthy, including paying her way through several weight-loss programs, getting her an expensive gym membership, and now, taking the time away from his wife and their new baby to meet Lisa for a long walk around town. She’d shopped for the date, getting new spandex and shoes, and splurging on a super-duper sports bra guaranteed to keep her girls in place.
“How are you going to prove it doesn’t work?” Ben asked, skeptical. “Videotape them bouncing around?”
“Yes, exactly,” she answered. “So get your phone out.”
But her bra worked. Waiting for her outside her apartment, Ben laughed when she came out high-stepping for effect.
“You’re crazy!”
They walked as fast as she could and still talk.
“How’d the night go with the baby?”
Ben’s wife, Liz, was nursing baby Nicole and having a time of it as a new mother.
“She was attached to my wife’s chest for most of the night. When I got up this morning, Liz was sleeping sitting up and the baby slept in her lap.”
“That sounds dangerous,” Lisa said, concerned.
“She was propped up with pillows so she wouldn’t fall out of bed. Trust me, it’s that or suicide from lack of sleep. Augie and Mom never told us that babies stay up all night.”
Lisa laughed. “Mom would have never had a kid keep her up. She worked, remember? We had to sleep through the night by three weeks or she’d lock us in the closet.”
“She was only teasing when she told that story,” Ben said, frowning.
“The hell she was,” Lisa said. “It was the truth. Augie told me that he saw her put us in a buggy and leave us in the kitchen one night so she could get some sleep.”
“Well, I certainly can’t judge her now. It’s awful the way the kid cries all night, and no matter what we do, we can’t soothe her. If two of us did that, I can see why she locked us up.”
“Does Liz mind you leaving her to walk with me after she’s been with Nicole all day?”
“No, she said she actually had a good day. I’ll take over when I get home, and she can have the evening to herself. She said she’d come tomorrow if it was all right with you.”
Lisa hesitated; Liz was model thin after having had a baby less than three weeks earlier. Walking around with her would be like advertising how hopeless it was to try to lose weight.
“Okay, that would be fine,” she lied.
“Don’t cancel on her,” Ben warned. She’d done it to him in the past. “I’m not letting you give up this time.”
“I won’t.” Lisa was getting nervous. It was this kind of interference her brother had with her life that she dreaded. And why she had a difficult time making commitments. “Shut up and walk.”
They stayed out an hour, walking down the main drag, and Lisa rested at the red lights.
“Maybe we should stay out of downtown,” Ben said. “There are too many stops.”
“Okay, whatever you want,” Lisa said, crestfallen. They passed a coffee shop, and the smell of the pastry cream wafted out when the door was opened. “Yes, we definitely should stay off this street.” Before she knew it, they were back in front of her house.
“Have a good night,” Ben said. “I better get home and do baby duty.”
Lisa waved goodbye and went up the steps to her front door, already feeling more in control of her life. She took a shower and laid out her clothes for the next day. The evening stretched before her, always a problem. She knew she was overeating because she was lonely and bored. Looking around her house, she wondered what she could do to make her weekend easier.
And then her mother came to mind. The woman was amazing, dividing her chores up so she was always ahead of the game. When they were young and still at home, they had weekends to play and reconnect as a family, not like her little friends who had to clean their rooms and rake the lawn. All those things were done during the week at the Boyd household.
Picking up the phone, she called her mother. 
“We just got home from driving a friend of your father’s to the bus station,” Kelly said.
“I didn’t know Daddy had any friends,” Lisa replied.
“Yeah, me either. Anyway, what are you up to?”
Lisa explained about turning over a new leaf, about Ben walking her around town like a dog, and now she wanted to start a cleaning regime like Kelly had so the weekend would be free to party.
“That’s nice of Ben,” Kelly said. “I need to call over there and see if they need any help. On Sunday, Liz said the baby had her days and nights mixed up.”
“She still does. Ben says Liz is beat,” Lisa said.
“Maybe I’ll call there, see if they need me to come over,” Kelly said.
They chatted a bit longer and then said goodbye. Kelly called Ben and got the green light to head over to do grandma duty; baby Nicole was not a happy camper.
Steve had been sitting at the kitchen table, waiting for Kelly so they could hammer out what the next step would be with Lee and Titan, but Kelly was saved by the needs of her granddaughter.
“Sorry, this will just have to wait,” Kelly said.
“This is important,” Steve said softly. “Sweeping it under the rug is not going to help.” For some reason, that admonishment from her husband infuriated her.
“Lee is not important to me, Steve. She’s your problem, so deal with it. You don’t get my approval for anything because you are going to do whatever you want, as you always have. My concern right now is that my son and daughter-in-law get some rest tonight. So I’m going over there. You can sit and stew over Titan and Lee, like you’ve probably been doing for the past forty years. I’m done with it.”
She went back to the bedroom to put a bag together. She’d leave for work from their house.
“Are you going to spend the night there?” he asked, following her.
“Probably. Ben said the baby hasn’t slept at night in three days, and they’re both exhausted. You can come with me if you want.”
“No, I’ll pass,” he said.
When she finished packing and came out of the bedroom, Steve had retreated to the basement without saying goodbye to her. In the past, she’d have run down to kiss him. Now, it didn’t seem to matter. In twenty-four hours, his withdrawal from her was almost complete.
***
Liz Boyd was giddy with the thought that her mother-in-law was coming to rescue them. “Thank God, I was just about ready to put her out in the garage to sleep,” she said about the crying Nicole.
“Mother’s coming to save the day,” Ben said sarcastically.
“What’s wrong?” Liz said, frowning.
“My mother is running away from home, and she’s saving face by coming here instead of kicking my father out.”
“I can’t believe that,” Liz said. “Your mother worships your father.”
“Trust me when I tell you something’s up over there. My dad showed up with her at Augie’s on Saturday, something he rarely does, and he kept going off to text. My mother was a nervous wreck watching him.”
“What could it be? They’ve been married forever.”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Ben said. “Maybe my mom will shed some light on it tonight.”
“I doubt it. She’s as loyal as they come. I’ll call your aunt.” Liz and Karen had worked together at the local Ford dealership in the accounting office before Nicole’s birth, and Aunt Karen had introduced Ben to Liz.
“I have the cutest nephew,” Karen had said. “Let me hook you up.”
They hit it off and the rest was history. Karen was so proud on their wedding day; Ben and Liz included her in the ceremony because she’d been their matchmaker.
Liz never tired of working with Karen, and now having her as an aunt was a wonderful bonus. She considered Karen a dear friend. Handing baby Nicole off to Ben, she picked up her phone.
When they were finished with the pleasantries, Liz got down to business. “Okay, so I know this smacks of gossip and I don’t mean to gossip about your sister, but what’s going on with Kelly and Steve?”
Karen caught her breath; how had these two, overwhelmed with a new baby, figured out anything about Steve?
“What’s going on?” Karen asked. “You tell me.”
Liz explained the things that were making them suspicious, including Ben’s observations at Augie’s.
“And Kelly’s due here any second to help me with the baby and spend the night. She’s never spent a night away from that house unless it was to go to Algonac.”
“She probably just wants to help out, Liz. You guys are reading too much into it.”
“Ben said Steve texted off in a corner most of the afternoon. He never engages in much conversation when he comes around, but that was really weird for him.”
“I agree,” Karen said, seething. Her brother-in-law was really pissing her off now. “Well, I guess we’ll never really know what that guy is up to.”
Liz laughed. “Yep, you’re probably right. I see headlights coming down the road, so I’d better hang up now. Have a good day tomorrow. Tell everyone I said hi.”
They chatted another minute and then hung up. Karen immediately called Kelly.
“I just got to Ben’s,” Kelly said.
“Well, hear me out quickly. They already suspect something just by observations made on Saturday afternoon.”
Kelly didn’t answer right away. Steve had acted like a disassociated creep when they were at Augie’s, and she wondered why on earth he wanted to go, staying on the phone with his new family the entire time.
“Are we such creatures of habit?” Kelly said, dismayed.
“I guess so. Anyway, I don’t want to hold you up,” Karen said. “Text me later.”
Kelly got her bag and went to the door. She could hear Nicole crying. “Let me get my hands on that little baby!” She washed her hands and got situated in a padded rocking chair.
“I’m so comfortable I could stay here all night,” she said as Ben put the baby in her arms.
“Are you really staying the night?” Ben asked, concerned.
“If you need me,” Kelly said. “I’ve got all my stuff so I can leave for work from here.”
“Boy, that’s awfully generous of you to spend a night away from home. You might not get much sleep.”
“Old people don’t need much sleep,” she replied. “I’ll be fine.”
“What does Dad think about you coming here?” Ben asked.
“He’ll survive,” Kelly said. “Hey, why don’t you go spend some time with your wife, rest and take advantage of having me here with baby Nicole?”
Kelly wanted to be alone with the baby, to keep focused on what was good about her life. Ben was fishing and she understood why, but she wasn’t going to get into a Steve bashing with anyone, especially his kids, at least not yet.
He bent down and kissed her cheek. “Thanks, Mom, I really appreciate it.”
After he left, Kelly closed her eyes while she rocked Nicole, mouth moving in a silent prayer, asking for strength. She had a feeling that her life wasn’t just going to move on with new members, but that there would be major upheaval. Not sure if it meant a divorce or not, she wasn’t sure she cared.
Then she thought about what it would mean to the family if Steve left her for Lee. She imagined Lisa’s and Alice’s weddings, Steve walking the bride down the aisle with Lee wearing a tacky suit, sitting in the front pew. Or looking in the nursery window at the hospital when the next grandchild was born, Lee standing next to Steve, tapping on the glass like a moron, trying to get the baby’s attention. Kelly understood she should try to get her adversarial stance in check.
By early morning, Ben and Liz had a good night’s sleep, and baby Nicole had woken up twice for warmed-up breast milk her mother had pumped. Kelly tiptoed into the spare bathroom to get ready for work. She’d worked through the worst of her pain, holding the little body, so grateful for another healthy grandchild which made Steve’s misdeeds seem too paltry to make an issue of.
No longer angry about the betrayal of so long ago, in a new cycle that she’d repeat, now Kelly worried about what Steve’s plans were, and if he would try to include Lee in their life, not just Titan alone. And that wasn’t going to happen, at least not to Kelly, at least not at that moment.
She checked on the baby in her crib one more time, quietly leaving the house at her usual time. The workday was hectic. She’d kept her phone on, but Steve never tried to contact her once. By the end of her shift, she was sad and lonely.
“I’m lonely all the time anyway,” she said out loud. “This is no different than it ever was.”
Going to her locker for her purse and bag, she decided she’d do her grocery shopping on the way home. She didn’t have one store she went to regularly because there were so many between the hospital and her house. Today she decided to go to one known for its vast selection of ethnic foods even though it was a little out of her way. She was in the mood to make a Polish meal for her family and they had the best pirogies. Why make them from scratch when these are so good?
Before she went inside, she sent a group text to Steve, Karen, and the kids: Pirogies tonight! It was something they’d looked forward to in the past, and although she usually made them on the weekend, she needed the boost seeing her children would give her. They might not all come, but those who did would be enough for her.
Grabbing a cart, she got the first reply from Karen. I’ll be there at six. Kelly knew she’d rush home from work, grab the dog, a spoiled Boston terrier named Roger, and head over. One by one, her children answered her. Even Liz and Ben would come, bringing baby Nicole. She didn’t expect to hear from Steve.
Pushing the cart down the aisles, shopping at this store was like going to a foreign country. She fought the temptation to fill the basket with delights from all over the world. A collection of grains caught her interest and she moved around a couple looking at bags of rice. And then she recognized the man’s hands, the ring and watch on his left hand.
“Jesus Christ,” she said, shocked, the blasphemous words popping out of her lips.
It was Steve and Lee. Kelly had a split second to decide what to do. She could either engage them or run. If she engaged, it could be either kind or insane. She wanted to serve pirogies to her children that night no matter what. And she knew that if she left without a confrontation, Steve would try to weasel his way out of this later, making excuses.
Standing before her, tall and handsome, Steve looked more like forty-five today instead of the sixty-five he really was, with a diminutive Asian woman close to his side. They looked like every other mixed couple she saw from time to time - a man of his generation with a woman he’d brought home during the war. The older women, married to World War II veterans, were often German or Italian. The Asian women belonged to men of the boomer generation. She didn’t care if what she was thinking was politically incorrect.
Steve looked at her, his mouth hanging open, shocked. Lee had a Cheshire cat grin on her face. Kelly wanted to ram the basket into her scrawny legs, but stood firm. The choice she made was to do nothing. They could flee or engage. Putting the responsibility on them was suddenly freeing. She felt peaceful.
“Oh, I guess out of ten grocery stores, we chose the wrong one,” Steve said.
Kelly bit her tongue. He was such an ass.
“I want to make rice tonight,” Lee said. “Steve said you didn’t have any.”
“Lee wanted to cook for you,” Steve said, and Kelly knew he was improvising.
She had no idea he was such a good actor.
“I thought you were going back to Chicago last night,” Kelly said, finally deciding the only way she’d get any information was by forcing these two to face reality.
“I changed my mind,” Lee said.
Kelly wondered if that was why Steve had gone into the terminal with her to help her change her plans and not to make sure she got a ticket home, as he’d said.
“I see that. And you were going to cook dinner at my house?” She looked at Steve. No one said anything. “Stop lying, both of you. Have enough respect for me to be truthful for once. If you want to be together, for God’s sake just say so, so I can get on with my life.”
“We can’t talk here, obviously,” Steve said.
“The hell we can’t,” Kelly said. “You lied last night and had all day to tell me. What do you want, Steve? Tell me the truth for once in your life.”
“He wants to be with me,” Lee said, peering at Kelly from the corner of her eyes.
“Is that true?” She looked at Steve, incredulous that he would be such a wimp, standing silent, allowing Lee to treat his wife so shabbily. “Oh, what difference does it make? You have to move out, though. Make a commitment to someone for once in your life, will you, please? If it’s going to be Lee, so be it.”
“I’m not ready to move out,” Steve said.
 Lee grabbed his arm in alarm.
“What do you mean, Stevie?”
“Don’t worry, Lee. He’s history. Steve, I don’t ever want to see you again until this is final, is that clear? You get your stuff out of the house by the weekend or I’ll do it for you. And don’t come home tonight because I’m having a dinner party.”
She pushed the cart around them, backing up to get a bag of egg noodles off the shelf. His phone suddenly made the familiar beeping sound of a teletype machine, probably her text message telling him about pirogies for dinner.
“By the way, you’re not invited anymore, Steve. Enjoy the rice.”
In spite of the fact she just saw the end of her marriage, she was excited about dinner. Recognizing that she might be in the manic phase that often followed the resolution of a problem, she understood that sometime later, when reality set in, sadness would probably overtake her. But for now, she just wanted to relish the joy that knowing her children would be under one roof in a few hours brought her.
At the frozen foods, she bought ten bags of pirogies, in every filling they had. Passing by the meat aisle, she grabbed packages of smoked sausage. Then, she went to the fruit section and sorted through apples to make homemade applesauce. That would make up for the store-bought, frozen pirogies. At the bakery, she chose a layer cake for dessert, her excuse being it was bound to be close to someone’s birthday; with that many people, there was always a celebration looming close at hand. She didn’t see them again while she shopped or stood in line at the checkout, but she could feel the despondence fighting with the euphoria that was beginning to wane.
The manic high abated by the time she got home. The garage door going up exposed the empty garage, the first evidence that he was gone. Lugging the groceries in, she threw her purse on the counter, running downstairs to see if he’d removed anything from his cave, and she could see he’d already taken his albums. He must have known she’d be looking for more evidence of his unfaithfulness.
Truly, she was over it, over the betrayal of her youth. It was what was happening now that would matter. After a lifetime with a man who didn’t love her, there was a large family and a home about to be affected by what he’d do.
Moving fast, Lee had appeared on Saturday, and four days later, he was gone. Steve’s love for Lee must have been overwhelming. Waves of nausea flowed over her when she thought that during all the years they were together, he was longing for Lee. Making up her mind to stop dwelling on the betrayal, she was determined to enjoy this night.
Setting the sausage on low to sauté, she took a shower and put on fresh makeup, worried her kids would pick up on the slightest change in her demeanor. Ben’s inquisition the night before was proof that she’d have to be on her toes. It was a good thing; she would pretend all was well and sometimes that would make it true. All would be well.
They only used the dining room when the children came over. She turned the light on in the room and made sure the piles of mail that sometimes found their way to the dining table had not reappeared since her Friday night cleaning spree. Getting out the stacks of good china, it didn’t make any sense not to use it tonight. Why am I saving it? She might even ask the kids if they’d like to start taking some of the heirlooms from her family, stuff that was looking more and more like albatrosses if her marriage was really over. Trying not to let worries about the house sneak in, they did anyway; they’d have to sell it and she’d give him half the proceeds. Or would she just buy him out? Don’t think about it yet!
Out of a stack of ironed tablecloths, she chose a lace rectangle that had belonged to her mother. Arranging the china on the lace, it looked so nice she decided to use the silver, getting that out. She’d use crystal wineglasses, too. They had a good supply of wine and everyone would probably drink a glass or two.
When the table was set, she went back to a spare bedroom set up as a nursery now with bunk beds and cribs for grandchildren. Taking a bouncy chair out, she placed it on the buffet; baby Nicole could sit and watch the meal.
Setting a pot of water to boil for the pirogies, she next set out cheese and crackers and cut up fruit for a snack, ready when Karen and Roger, the dog, arrived.
“I didn’t get anything for Roger!” Kelly said, apologetic.
“I brought bones,” Karen said, handing Kelly a bottle of wine. “So are you going to tell me what happened?”
Kelly frowned. “How do you know?”
“That text you sent me was in a group text, and your moron soon-to-be ex-husband replied to everyone that he was sorry he took Lee to the store. Your kids are probably going nuts.”
Kelly’s body flooded with heat. Running to her purse, she dug out her phone. There were thirty text messages.
“Oh my God, he is such an ass!” The first text was from him.
“I’m so sorry. If I’d known you were going to shop today, I would have never taken Lee to that store.”
Kelly looked up from her phone, blood draining from her face.
“Is he insane?”
Karen was looking at her own phone, reading the texts along with Kelly. The next text was from Lisa. She’d be home from school, reading in between the lines.
“Dad, who is Lee, and why are you sorry you took him/her there?”
Then Ken. “Does this mean the pirogies are frozen?”
Next was Ben. “Wow, someone needs to learn how to use their phone properly.”
The messages went on in a similar fashion until she got to the last one, from Alice.
“Dad, you are a moron.”
Kelly looked up at Karen.
“I’m going to be sick.”
She started to retch in the sink, but she didn’t have anything in her stomach to bring up.
“Someone’s here,” Karen said. Roger ran to the door, barking. “It’s Augie.”
He was alone and looking very grim. She held the door open for him.
“Where’s my mother?” he asked.
“Throwing up in the kitchen sink,” Karen said. “Shut up, Roger.”
Augie bent down to pick up the dog and walked into the kitchen.
“Mother, I am so sorry for whatever the hell is going on.”
He reached for her with his free arm.
“Thanks, honey. I certainly couldn’t think of a worse way to tell you kids.”
“What are you telling us? I’m completely confused. Who the hell is Lee?” Kelly looked at Karen.
“I guess I need to just come out with it,” she nodded, sadly. “But I need to brush my teeth, first.”
Karen and Augie waited in silence, petting the dog until Kelly came back.
“Your dad had an affair in Vietnam, and a son was born that he said he didn’t know about. The son found Dad and brought his mother along for a surprise visit on Saturday. It looks like he’s been carrying a torch for the woman for forty years. He was with her at the grocery store after work.”
Augie looked stricken. “How old’s the kid?”
“Not forty,” Kelly said. “Younger than you are, obviously. I guess I should get Dad over here to explain because if I have to repeat this six times, I might have a heart attack.”
Augie pulled her close, kissing her head.
“I’m so sorry, Mom. Wait till the rest of the kids get here to say any more. You can tell us all at once.”
“Are you going to contact Steve?” Karen asked.
Kelly shook her head.
“Maybe not. I don’t really want him here. It’ll be bad enough without having me being hostile to him.”
“You should be furious with him,” Augie said loudly.
“Yes, but not in front of you kids. I haven’t even sorted my own feelings out yet. I didn’t know he was leaving me for her until this afternoon.”
Augie regarded his mother with sadness. They wouldn’t feel the full impact of what was happening right away.
“You need to take this slow, you two. Go sit down and I’ll answer the door,” Karen said. Augie and Kelly walked into the living room.
“I’ve got questions about the son,” Augie said nervously.
“See, that’s another reason I don’t want my anger to be out in the open. You might choose to have a relationship with this man, and that would be fine with me. He’s your half brother. He actually looks a little like Dad. I don’t want to taint that.”
Augie was flooded with emotions.
“I’d better call Sandy and tell her to stay away with the kids.”
“That’s probably smart.”
Kelly nodded her head. The family meal was turning into a family council - often heated - and not kid friendly.
During the last one they’d held, Alice came out to Steve. Kelly had always suspected her daughter was gay and then, when she went through puberty, confirmed it, supporting her and facilitating it when she was able. But Steve was rigid in his thinking, from an upbringing by unenlightened parents. It was yet another stumbling block for the marriage.
Steve and Alice had never had a warm relationship, but he didn’t have that with any of his kids. Kelly wondered if that fact was making it easier for him to leave her.
While Augie called his wife and warned her to keep away, Kelly went back into the kitchen to start putting the pirogies into the simmering water.
“The apples!”
She’d forgotten to make the applesauce.
“Karen, help me peel apples quickly.”
She picked up a knife and the two of them peeled and cored the apples and chopped them up fine so they’d cook faster.
“We should have something else with this. How about cabbage?”
They chopped up cabbage and added that to the fat in the pan from the smoked sausage. Augie came in and looked over their shoulders.
“Oh, that looks good.” 
Lisa and Ben arrived next, having walked over from Lisa’s house. Both had tight, unhappy faces, figuring out that Steve was with another woman. Karen hugged them while they fawned over Roger. Ben looked up from petting the dog.
“Mother, is this going to be too much for you?” 
“What? Having you all here? No. Once I made the decision to do it, it was all I could think about, even after running into them at the store.”
“Okay, if you’re sure you won’t be overwhelmed,” he answered. “We’re probably going to have a thousand questions.”
“I can only answer what I know, Ben, and it’s not much, believe me. I don’t want to poison you against the son.” She didn’t add, “And his mother.”
She’d wait until the rest of the family arrived to say more. Soon, Reggie and Alice arrived and the chatter among their siblings was deafening. Kelly couldn’t have removed the grin off her face if she’d wanted to. She lived for these moments where being in the presence of her children was all she needed.
When the food was ready, Karen yelled, “Dinner’s ready.”
Everyone came into the dining room and oohed and aahed over the table setting. After they passed plates of food around, serious eating began.
“I want to say something to clear up the texting snafu, if I may.”
They looked at their mother, anticipating the worst. She repeated what she’d told Augie.
“I don’t have any more to say except I don’t want to be negative about the man. His name is Titan Baker, by the way. He’s an orthopedic surgeon in Chicago. His wife is seriously ill with multiple sclerosis.
“A man named Ted Baker raised him. Evidently he was a loving father and Titan didn’t know about Dad until Ted Baker died. You’ll have to ask your father if you want more information. I thought we could work things out, maybe include Titan and Lee in our family get-togethers. I had no idea your father would take it this far so quickly. I suspected, but, well, I just suspected.”
Alice grabbed Kelly’s hand.
“Mother, I am so sorry. This is just awful. I don’t know about any of you, but I’m ready to divorce my father.”
“Don’t do anything rash,” Augie said. “Mom, I’m grateful you told us what you have. It just sounds like facts. What more can Dad say? But we need to act carefully. He’s our dad. It won’t be the first time a couple got divorced at this stage of life.”
Kelly burst out laughing.
“No offense, dear, but I don’t think many marriages make it this far to get divorced at this stage.”
“Forty-five years,” Karen said. “Imagine.”
The words lingered in the air when Roger started to bark again.
“Ken,” Kelly said.
Lisa got up to open the door and, after looking out, peeked her head in the room.
“Not Ken. Dad and a small oriental woman.”
Karen and Kelly exchanged looks.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Kelly said for the umpteenth time that day.
“Asian, Lisa,” Ben said. “Asian.”
“Whatever,” Lisa murmured.
She’d left the door open and came back into the dining room. She wasn’t greeting the couple.
“Talk about nerve,” Lisa said.
“Just be quiet,” Augie said. “No wisenheimer.”
Kelly giggled at the sniglet.
Steve and Lee came through the hallway into the dining room. Kelly let her breath out, glad they weren’t holding hands. She stood up.
“Let me get chairs,” she said.
“That’s okay, we won’t stay,” Steve said.
“Well, you’re not standing over us while we eat. So either sit down or leave.”
Lee smiled at her.
“Kelly Boyd, it smells good. Where’re the chairs?”
Kelly pointed into the kitchen. An intense air of surrealism permeated the room, and everyone later agreed that they were waiting for the black light to come on so they could start hallucinating.
Steve froze in place as the chairs were brought in, and everyone moved theirs down so Steve and Lee could sit side by side. Kelly watched her husband, his body language and his mannerisms, and thought, Who is he? How could I lie next to him every night for all those years and not recognize him now?
“Okay, family council rules are in effect,” Kelly said. “If it isn’t nice, don’t say it. Count to ten before you speak. If you have anything personal to say, say it to the person in private. This isn’t the time for airing grievances.”
Lee listened, frowning. She didn’t get it.
“Lee, when you have a big family, you have to have rules in place so meetings like this don’t become free-for-alls.”
She nodded her head, pretending to understand.
“Steve, I’ve told the children, all except Ken, that Titan and Lee came here on Saturday, and that today I found out you are leaving to be with Lee. The reason I told them instead of waiting for you is because of the text messaging mix-up.” Steve was red and embarrassed. “Do you have anything to add?”
Not answering right away, she imagined him counting to ten to appease her.
“No, just that I’m sorry. I’m sorry I was in the store today when you came in. That was terrible of me. I’m sorry I’ve been sneaky. But I’m sorry that I didn’t realize I was replying to the group text about dinner. That was really terrible.”
Kelly didn’t feel like letting him off the hook yet. Steve looked so pathetic - a ploy he used, a manipulation to get his way, to be left alone, to get out of doing things a man should do with his wife and family. He’d used it for years and years, getting away with a lot. Poor, depressed, sad Steve.
A realization overcame her which she’d examine closely when she was alone. That lighthearted freedom she’d felt, almost euphoric mania, after her encounter with Steve and Lee in the store had returned. It could be that Lee would be better for Steve in the long run. Equals, they both seemed sort of pessimistic, sort of melancholy. They could feel sorry for each other together. They wouldn’t expect either to accomplish anything with their time. Lee wouldn’t be on Steve’s back all the time, harping at him to do something with his life, as Kelly did. A sense of relief was coming over her. Kelly hoped to convey the feeling to her kids.
“Apology accepted, Steve. We have all made that mistake. I hate group texts and shouldn’t have sent one. But when you have six children and you want them to come for dinner, it’s the easiest way to contact them. Where’s Ken by the way?”
They started chattering to each other again, no one directing any questions to Steve yet.
“Ken will be here later,” Augie said. “Dad, so when are we going to meet Titan?”
“That’s such a cool name!” Alice said.
Alice’s nicety surprised Kelly, especially to hear anything positive coming from her mouth. Maybe it was a good thing, maybe seeing her father in this light, as a fallible human being, would give her more compassion for him.
While the children loosened up and started throwing questions at Steve and Lee, Kelly got up to prepare the dessert: cake and ice cream. Karen came in to help her.
“I’m shocked at what’s going on. No one is batting an eyelash that he’s leaving you for that tramp.”
“It’ll come later. Remember our ground rules. They are fact gathering now. This is what we do in our family. I’m glad Ken isn’t here because he’s the incendiary of the group. Don’t worry, Karen. This is just window dressing. We have a long road ahead of us, I’m sure.”
They took dessert plates in and the cake. Kelly came back for a half gallon of ice cream. Everyone would eat dessert as the talking continued.
Then Roger barked. “Uh oh. Ken,” Lisa said.
Kelly got up this time and went to the door. Ken was the most like her in appearance. His hair was jet black and he was athletic, and muscular. She opened the door for him and kissed him. He held on to her.
“What in the hell is going on?” he whispered.
She raised her eyebrows at him.
“Stay calm and you’ll soon find out.”
Wanting to spare him the gory details, Kelly knew it was unlikely Ken would forgive his father. Ken made the family cut to the chase when they had trouble communicating. Wasting time was his anathema, and he didn’t have an ounce of patience for stupidity. Kelly wondered how he’d get along with Lee.
He went into the dining room and waved, acknowledging his siblings. Then he looked at Steve, and Lee sitting next to him.
“I’m assuming this is Lee, of the errant text messages.”
Lee, looking confused, frowned, while Steve nodded his head.
“Dad, it’s time someone taught you how to use the phone.” Everyone started laughing. But Ken was serious. “I don’t think it’s funny. Our father obviously is having an affair, and we find out by a text message. That sucks.”
Karen put her hand on his shoulder.
“Okay, who wants to tell him? Steve should do it this time.” 
Kelly felt nervous. Why was she still protecting Steve? Steve looked at her, and she got a pang that he was about to let loose, maybe tell one too many secrets for dinner-table conversation. But she couldn’t protect the kids, or herself.
“Do you mind if I talk?” he asked, looking her in the eyes.
She shook her head, afraid to speak. Where was this going to end?
“Well, it’s best if I stick to the facts,” he said. “It doesn’t make any difference what I feel or why. Ken, when I was a young man, shortly after Mommy had Augie, I went to Vietnam. I had a hard time adjusting when I got back; all that garbage is old news.”
Hearing Steve use the word mommy to describe Kelly set their teeth on edge. No one had called her mommy for twenty years.
“I met Lee there. Lee, this is my family. I’ll introduce you later by name. Lee was a good friend while I was overseas. We went too far, and she found out she was going to have my baby after I left. To make a long story short, Titan started looking for me after his father died. Like Mommy said, he came to the house on Saturday, and I met him for the first time.”
Silence fell over the room. Kelly wondered what the children thought. Was it the silence of a lynch mob right before they fell on their victim, or were they following the ten second rule again?
“What does this have to do with my mother?” Lisa asked.
Murmuring went around the table. Karen kicked Kelly in the leg.
“Well, nothing,” Steve said uncertainly.
“Then why are you leaving her, and what’s Lee doing here?”
“Fuckin’ A!” Ken said.
Kelly put her head in her hands with her eyes closed. She’d smelled alcohol on Ken, but prayed it was her imagination. He must have stopped off after work for a few.
“I love Lee,” Steve said softly. “Your mom suspected it, and I faced up to it.”
“That’s bullshit,” Ken said.
“I agree,” Alice said. “Out of nowhere, after four days, you’re leaving our mother and, ostensibly, us for Lee. Is that what I’m hearing?”
“I’m not sure what that means, but I want to be with Lee, yes. I don’t want to leave you. I want you all to get to know Titan and Lee. It’ll be different, but I’m hopeful you’ll agree that we need to move on with our lives and do what makes each of us happy.”
“Well, how about if I blow your head off? Because that would make me happy right about now,” Ken said, putting up an imaginary gun and sighting it, right between Steve’s eyes.
Alice slapped his hands down, shushing him.
“Stop!” Kelly said. “Family council rules.”
“I’m getting too old for family council,” Ken said. “And right now I’m definitely too drunk.”
“Me too,” Lisa said. “I’m getting too old to sit back and listen to my father talk about fucking up our lives.”
“Nasty mouth,” Lee said through pursed lips, shaking her head.
“Don’t you dare admonish my daughter in my house, Lee Baker,” Kelly shouted, her voice shrill. “It might be time for you to leave.”
“Yeah,” Ken said, slurring the word into three syllables.
“Why are you even here?” Ben said, directing the question to Steve. “If you had any respect for our mother, you’d have come alone. Instead, you bring Lee, and that pretty much ensures that we aren’t going to tell you how we really feel.”
“Yeah,” Ken said. “I want to tell you what a fuckup you are, but I sure as hell can’t say it in front of a stranger.”
His siblings shook their heads and frowned at one another, but no one told him to stop.
“Pipe down, Ken,” Kelly warned.
“Listen how you speak to your own father,” Lee said, haughtily. “No wonder he wants to go away.”
Alice popped up out of her chair. “I don’t care if Lee’s here or not. Dad, you have a lot of nerve. You don’t care about anyone but yourself. Who’s going to walk me down the aisle now? What about Lisa?”
Steve’s face screwed up in a grimace. Kelly could tell by the look that there was a smart-ass comment about to spew forth, something horrible about Alice being gay, and just as she was about to pounce on him so he’d shut up, Karen took care of it for her.
“Don’t you say a word to her if you value your life.”
Kelly wondered how much more of the bashing Steve would stand for. His children always tiptoed around him, careful not to do or say anything that would make him angry. This kind of confrontation was over the top for her family.
“I don’t have anything like that in my family,” Steve said, ignoring Karen and referring to Alice’s sexuality. Everyone groaned.
“Steve, please be quiet,” Kelly said.
“Why should I?” he asked as he stood up, pulling Lee along with him. “I didn’t know lesbians walked down the aisle. I was just wondering how they decide which one does it.”
Alice screamed and lunged at him, but Karen caught her in time.
“I hate you,” she yelled. “You are the cruelest father. Get out!”
Lisa stared crying, Ben comforting her. Augie followed Steve to the door to try to talk sense to him. Ken put his head back and closed his eyes, and Reggie came up to Kelly who was looking for a reason to run away.
“Mom, is there any more cake?” he whispered.
She took his plate and went into the kitchen to cut him another piece.
“Come with me,” she said. “I feel like I should go make it all better for Dad.”
“I do, too, sort of. His mistake was bringing Miss Saigon with him.”
“Reggie, knock it off,” she said.
“Sorry. Can you put some ice cream on there for me?”
The babbling got louder and the real fight started. Kelly couldn’t understand why Steve wasn’t leaving. It was almost like he wanted the chaos. She went to the dining room again, standing off to the side so she wasn’t in view, and watched. Steve was trying to placate his daughters.
An apology made to Alice, who told him that she was sick of his tricks, was not accepted.
“You say what you want about me, and then say you’re sorry,” Alice cried. “I’m not taking it from you any longer.”
The words manipulative, abusive, and disrespectful brandished about; the children let him have it but good. Lee was looking around the place, and Kelly wondered if she was admiring it or calculating what she’d tell Steve to take. Steve would take what she gave him and nothing else. When the time came to distribute her treasures, the kids would be invited in first, and she hoped they’d swarm through like locusts.
After five minutes of the gang-up, Kelly stepped in.
“Okay, everyone, come back to the table and let Dad leave now.”
Lisa was sobbing, hiccupping and blowing her nose. Steve had his hands on her shoulders, talking softly to her while Lee looked on.
“We need to get Ken into a twelve-step program,” Ben whispered to Kelly.
“I know. Look into it for me, will you?”
She realized they all needed it, from workaholic, obsessive-compulsive Augie and Ben, to overeaters Lisa and Reggie. Alice was the only one who had seemed to escape substance-abuse issues.
“I mean look into it for me. I need it. I am wondering why on earth I stayed with a man for almost a half century who was clearly in love with another woman.”
“Oh Mother, are you serious?”
She nodded her head, willing herself not to start crying.
“Sorry, Benny. Dead serious. I know, too much information. I don’t want to hurt you kids.”
“I keep thinking he’s going to snap out of it,” Ben said. “Like maybe it’s some kind of mid-life thing.”
“He’s way past midlife, Ben. And besides, he’s already had that. Another marital secret, I’m afraid,” she said softly. Ben looked her in the eyes.
“Really, Mom?” She nodded her head.
“Really. But I don’t think I should go there with you. It’s not appropriate, and I don’t want you to feel any more animosity toward Dad. There is a possibility we can all come together as one big happy family someday. Maybe I should have said that during dinner.”
“You did, sort of. Is that what you want?” Ben asked doubtfully.
“No, not really. Not yet, anyway. I keep thinking about Titan. This is supposed to be about him, but he probably can’t even imagine what’s going on here.”
Ben took that information, letting it percolate in his head.
“Come on, everyone, come back and sit down,” Kelly repeated.
Slowly they started filing back into the dining room. Steve and Lee returned to sit down, too, everyone in disbelief. Why the hell didn’t they leave? Kelly was flabbergasted at how nervy he was, but no one was telling him to leave, so she kept quiet.
“I’m making coffee,” she said.
Alice and Karen came into the kitchen to help her. They got the mugs and cream and sugar.
“Anyone want more cake?”
The boys wanted more, and Lee asked for a piece as well.
“Watch. Lee will criticize the cake,” Karen whispered.
“Why do you say that?” Kelly asked.
“Just wait.”
Sure enough after one bite, Lee spoke up.
“I add extra egg and oil to all my cake and they turn out nice and moist.”
She made a little grimace as she swallowed the cake, like it was difficult to get the lump of sawdust down.
“This is a store-bought cake, Lee,” Kelly replied. “I worked today, so there was no time for baking.”
“And it’s just delicious,” Alice said.
“Really good,” Lisa added.
The kids went around the table, extolling the virtues of the store bought-cake. Kelly let them do it, appreciating their support and their need to support her and realizing the rubber-band effect might soon come into play. They would bend over backward in defense and support of Steve. She waited until it appeared that they were done with their coffee and cake and there was a lull in the conversation.
“You know, I’ve had enough for one day. Steve, it’s time for you and Lee to go. Thank you for stopping by. I’m sure the children are grateful to have heard your apologies.”
He quickly stood up, picking up his plate.
“You can leave that,” Kelly said. “We’ll clean up later.”
Steve pulled Lee’s chair out, and she paused for a moment, a determined look on her face, and Kelly was afraid she’d blow her mouth off again. She must have thought better of it because she turned away and they left.
No one said anything for a moment. Lisa got up and took Steve’s and Lee’s dishes into the kitchen. Kelly could hear the water running and the top come off the detergent and the snap of the brush Kelly used to clean out cups and glasses.
“Mother, I’m amazed at how calm you are,” Reggie said. “Kudos to our mother.”
He raised his coffee cup and the others did the same.
“A toast to our classy mother,” Augie said.
Kelly grinned, but her heart was sad. She’d never wanted to make her children feel insecure, and she thought that even though they were grown up, they might be feeling it now.
“Hear, hear!”
They drank a sip of coffee in her honor, chattering to each other and talking about the night with their father and Lee. Kelly watched her brood and smiled. This was something that she lived for, that Steve could not tarnish with his disrespect.
Karen was the first to push back her chair. “Believe it or not, it’s eight o’clock already. I need to walk Roger and feed him before it gets too late.”
The scraping of chairs on the floor could be heard and the banging of cutlery on china. They’d all pitch in and there’d be nothing for their mother to do when they left. Nothing to do but sit alone and feel like the biggest failure on earth.
***
Steve opened the door of his pickup for Lee. “What kind of car does Kelly Boyd drive?” she asked, knowing the answer, but wanting to make a point with him, grimacing at the squeaky door. “This truck.”
Steve hesitated. He’d never been ashamed of his truck. It was an older model, but it was paid for, and he used it for his hunting and fishing trips. He was thinking of getting a camper cab for the back of it so he could go on longer trips and not stay in a hotel, which seemed contradictory to him. He knew other hunters did it but he didn’t like to. When he hunted, he liked to camp.
“Why? You ashamed of my old truck?” he said, teasing her.
“I saw her car the other day when I thought she was a maid,” she said with derision and a sneer. “It’s a Mercedes. How is it you drive a dirty old truck and your wife has a nice car?”
“Her father died and left it to her,” Steve said.
It was a private piece of information, that old man Dailey had left his daughters well fixed.
“He was rich, then?” Lee asked, a note of eagerness in her voice that Steve didn’t miss.
Steve glanced over at her. Was she that obvious?
“We won’t get any of it, if that’s what you’re getting at,” he said.
“No, no, I was just curious. But why won’t you get any of it, Stevie? Don’t you have to split everything?”
“Not her inheritance, and even if it was legal, I wouldn’t do that to Kelly. This is not her fault,” Steve said.
Taking Lee’s hand, he kissed it. They hadn’t slept together in over forty years, but he thought they would do it that night. His libido had been nonexistent until he’d laid eyes on Lee again. At one time a few years before, Kelly had approached him about having his testosterone blood level checked, but he refused. He just didn’t have any desire for Kelly, although he wisely kept that to himself. Since Lee came back into his life, he felt like a man again. Something about her made him feel like the wisest, smartest, strongest man on earth.
“I’m staying with you tonight, okay?”
Lee smiled and giggled, the car forgotten.
“Okay, Stevie.”
He didn’t look up as he pulled out of the driveway, not thinking once of his family there behind the closed curtains.
Chapter 5
Out of all the children, Augie would take Steve’s betrayal the hardest. The oldest child, he was the superman of the family, and had the most to live up to, his mother’s dreams and hopes centered on him. He’d married Sandy because she was the closest match he could find for his mother and Kelly seemed to like her so much. Sandy was attractive, hardworking, patient and tolerant, but like Kelly, she was also a little Pollyannaish. Refusing to see the negative in any situation, often even in the midst of upheaval, Sandy failed to accept the shortcomings of another.
Leaving his parents’ house after the fiasco of a dinner party, Augie was afraid to go home. The house he shared with Sandy was a perfect replica of the home where he grew up. Kelly had helped Sandy decorate, and they often shopped together, so from time to time he wondered if he was in his own house or had returned to his family of origin.
After Steve’s stupidity with the texting unleashed the truth about his son Titan, Augie saw his position in the family deteriorate. He was Kelly’s firstborn, but Lee’s was Titan. And Steve loved Lee. Augie thought it was interesting that he’d known all along that his father didn’t love Kelly like a man should love a woman. As a child, Augie knew that his father was biding his time.
His goal had been to make his father proud, working himself sick as a kid trying to be the best he could be. It was never enough. It was never enough because Steve was jealous, jealous of his own son. Augie didn’t realize it until he was in his teens. Begging his father to come to his sporting events, Augie believed every excuse Steve gave at first. But eventually, the boy would see the transparency. Steve wasn’t clever enough to keep his feelings under wraps or to deal with them. The snide remarks, the unreasonable expectations - it was jealousy.
Augie went to Kelly about it, and sadly, she concurred. “You may be right, and I’m so sorry.”
What more could she say? She tried to protect her children from their father, from his demeaning commentary and negligence. Since Augie was the oldest, he figured it out first. His gentle nature didn’t allow him to turn on his father or bad mouth him to the other children. That would be Ken’s job. And the sad thing about it was that they would cheer Ken on, make him the spokesperson, and it had detrimental consequences for him.
Sandy had the house decorated for Halloween, and all the lights on for Augie tonight. When he pulled into the driveway, the childish display angered him. It was a waste of time and money. After all he’d been through that evening, he couldn’t share it with Sandy because she’d have some inane comment about the goodness of people or how he should forgive Steve and embrace Lee and Titan. And he wanted to kill Lee and Titan.
Sitting in the car for a while, he tried to reason with himself. But it wasn’t working, and he fought the urge to run. Sandy looked out the window, probably wondering why he wasn’t coming in. He mumbled under his breath, “Don’t come out here,” willing her to stay inside. So of course, the door opened, and she ran out to the car. The door was locked, and rather than wait for him to open it, she tapped on the window. Looking up at her, frowning, for no reason other than he was at the end of himself, he couldn’t talk to her. So he started the car up again and shooed her away with his hand. The gesture startled her, her eyes wide and wet, her mouth open,  Backing up, he rolled down the driveway away from her.
***
Ben walked Lisa home. She was furious with their father and angry that she might be expected to embrace Titan. “I don’t feel a thing for him. Not one iota of feeling.” She looked at Ben. “Do you?”
“I’m more curious than anything, but if he’s a good guy, I don’t see why I wouldn’t want to get to know him. He’s a doctor, so he’s not dumb. Unlike his mother, and that’s just for your ears.”
“You aren’t kidding. What a dingbat,” Lisa said. “How could my father and that dumb woman have a son smart enough to be a doctor? It doesn’t jive.
“I’m just in shock over the whole thing. Mother was putting on a good front. Did you see her talking to Kenny? I don’t know why, but Ken is the one of us who she can be herself with completely. She’s very upset and doesn’t want to influence the decisions we make about Titan.
“Anyway, doctors can be assholes, trust me. Just because a man can pass a test doesn’t make him a good guy. He might be a serial killer.”
“I don’t think so,” Ben said. “Evidently his wife is almost bedridden, and he is taking care of her and working full-time.”
“Oh, I guess I missed that part. I’m sorry for him, but that’s no reason for our father to break up a marriage.”
“Okay, I’m going to tell you something Mom told me in confidence tonight,” Ben said. “But you have to promise me you won’t repeat it or let Mom know I told you.”
Lisa grabbed his hand. “What is it? Ben, you’re scaring me,” she said, panicked.
“Dad had an affair ten years ago.” 
Lisa frowned. “Why does he have to be a jerk? I’ve made excuses for Dad all my life, and now I’m finding out it was in vain. I thought if I lied about him enough, he’d change into a wonderful, attentive father.”
“Yeah, well, we’re all human.”
They arrived at her place.
“Do you want to come in?”
Looking over her shoulder at the apartment, he longed to go inside Lisa’s cozy place and sit with his eyes closed, but Liz had been home with the baby all day, and was probably climbing the walls after deciding to stay away from family council.
“I’d better not,” Ben said. “But thanks for asking. I’ll call you tomorrow from work.”
She nodded and kissed his cheek.
“See you later,” Lisa said and walked up the walk.
Waiting until she was inside and turned a light on, when she waved at him out the window, he got in the car. Taking his phone out, he searched for Titan Baker, MD, Chicago, Illinois. It took less than two minutes to get a number. It was an answering service, but Ben simply told the operator that he was Dr. Baker’s brother and it was an emergency.
“Please hold,” she said.
Ben pulled down the visor and opened the lighted mirror. He was pale with red circles on his cheeks, the bane of being a fair-skinned blond.
“Mr. Boyd?” the operator said. “Hold for Dr. Baker.”
Titan came on the phone. “Is my mother okay?”
“Yes, Titan, I’m sorry to have frightened you,” Ben said.
“It’s okay; it was the first thing I thought of, that something had happened to her. I haven’t heard from her since lunchtime.”
“I saw your mother tonight and I wanted to call you as soon as I could. Of course your practice number is the only one I could find.”
“Steve has my numbers,” Titan replied, hesitating.
“I didn’t think of calling until they left my mother’s house,” Ben said, lying. “I just wanted to introduce myself. I’m Ben.”
“I’m sorry about everything. What’s going on?”
“Things were getting a little heated at my mother’s house.”
“What’s going on?” Titan repeated, worried. “Is my mother being a pest?”
“Actually, Steve is leaving my mother for Lee.”
There was silence on the other end of the phone.
“I never thought in a million years that finding my father would lead to a reconciliation between him and my mother. Never. I wouldn’t have looked for him if I knew there was the possibility of it happening. My mother didn’t give me even a hint that she was interested in Steve. Are you sure about this? And you said Lee was at your mother’s house. How did that come about?”
Ben explained the text messaging accident and the gathering that followed. He didn’t mean to, but the whole situation struck him as funny as he explained how Steve struggled with the phone. Titan laughed, too. How two characters like Steve and Lee could have produced a man bright enough to get into medical school gave Ben the idea that maybe Titan wasn’t Steve’s son after all.
They chatted for a while longer and said they’d stay in touch, and knowing it was doubtful, Titan would ask his wife if she felt up to taking a trip to meet everyone. They said goodbye as Ben started the car to leave for home. The notion that Titan really was Ted Baker’s son, that Lee used the lie to get back to Steve because she was lonely or bored, wouldn’t go away.
When he got home, the house was quiet. There was a light on in the living room, but the master bedroom was dark, and he could hear Liz’s steady breathing. The baby was in the bassinette next to their bed, and he wasn’t waking her up for any reason. Keeping his jacket on, he went out to the back patio. It was cold enough that he thought they might have their first frost that night. Without hesitation, he keyed in Steve’s number.
“Dad, it’s Ben.” There was silence. “Look, I know we gave you a rough time tonight.”
He thought, Nothing you didn’t bring on yourself.
“I’m going out in the hall,” Steve said to Lee.
Ben had forgotten they were in a hotel room.
“Dad, what are you going to do? Everything has happened so fast. Have you really thought this through?”
Ben was careful wording his interrogation because Steve was easily put on the defensive, and he wouldn’t get anywhere with his father unless he was careful.
“It did happen fast, but I felt at my age I shouldn’t waste any time.”
“Did you want to see if what you are feeling for her was real or due to history?” Ben asked gently. “Being in a hotel with her probably doesn’t have the edge of youth and wartime. I imagine you thought you might die any second.”
“Ben, I didn’t think I would make it home. Imagine waiting to die. Everyone in my platoon felt that way. We were known as the Wild Marauders. Some of the guys came home and committed suicide or became drug addicts and alcoholics.”
“But you didn’t, Dad. You came home and went to work and had a family. You made a beautiful life with Mom,” Ben said.
Steve became emotional hearing his son’s undeserved praise.
“I did, but it was due to your mother. She dragged me along, making the life she wanted. I just wanted to be left alone.”
“Dad, I don’t believe that for a minute. I remember clearly as a child when you’d pack for a hunting trip with the same enthusiasm that I have when I’m going to Hawaii. When you painted the house, you explained each detail to us boys like it was the Sistine Chapel. This is your depression talking.”
“I’m sorry about everything that happened today,” Steve said, ignoring what Ben had said. “My judgment seems to have disappeared. When Lee said she wanted to go to the store, I never thought we’d run into your mother. I’d forgotten completely she might shop there. And she’d spent the night at your house, so it wasn’t like we even talked in the morning.”
Ben knew they rarely spoke in the morning anyway; his father was often gone long before Kelly even woke up. He was making excuses again.
“Look, Dad, we survived tonight. You can stop feeling guilty, at least about that. I did have a thought though. Are you going to do any paternity testing?”
“I am,” Steve said. “But even if Titan turns out not to be mine, I still want to be with Lee.”
“Could I ask one more question, and then I promise I’ll leave you alone,” Ben said.
“Okay,” Steve said.
Not denying that he wanted Ben to leave him alone uncovered Ben’s memories of childhood pain and anxiety, trying to get his father’s attention. Repressing anger so they could finish the conversation, Ben continued.
“Did you always love Lee?”
Kelly was convinced Steve had pined away for Lee all the years of their youth, and Ben disagreed. But what if it was true?
Steve hesitated again, searching for just the right words. He’d never had to talk so much or interact at such an emotional level, and it was exhausting.
“I have always loved Lee. I loved your mother, but I was more in awe of her. Everyone was. She was my wife, and we had Augie together, so I was already there with her. I wasn’t going to divorce her. Lee was unattainable, in Vietnam. If she’d been here in the States, I would probably have divorced Kelly then.”
So staying with Kelly was the path of least resistance. Going back to Vietnam to find Lee would have taken too much effort. Steve didn’t make travel plans against anyone’s will. Ben would have never been born if Steve had been more dynamic. That fact alone made Ben sick.
“Thank you for your honesty, Dad, as brutal as it is.”
“Well, you asked for it,” Steve said.
Ben was just amazed, thinking what a prick his father was being. His disregard for his family was shocking.
“Yes, regrettably, I did. Have a good night, Dad.”
“You too, son.”
Ben hung up, feeling sick.
The truth was, he didn’t respect his father and it made him sad. The man had sacrificed for his family, but now it was clear he did so under duress. How many men facilitated their wives’ dreams? Kelly wanted a big house and family, and Steve gave it to her. Doing as much, if not more, of the work by herself, Kelly invented a partnership that didn’t exist, pretending for so long, she and the children believed the lies themselves.
Steve was a reluctant partner. A silent partner. Ben closed his eyes and made a promise while he sat in the chilly autumn night air that he would never be just a facilitator in his marriage. He and Liz would be real partners, or they’d get a divorce.
***
After Ben drove off, Lisa got down to business. Waiting for him to leave, her anxiety increased. He was on the phone for some reason, she was afraid he’d come back to the door and catch her. Tonight, she’d bake a cake and eat as much of it as she wanted.
Dinner was wonderful at home like it always was. Kelly could throw together a delicious meal in record time. She said she’d learned to do it working while raising a big family. But the problem with eating dinner at the family home was that no matter how much she ate, it was never enough. When she ate at her own home, she could prepare a well-balanced meal and stay within her calorie allotment. But at Kelly’s she’d become an eating machine. Everyone’s eyes were on her there, so she tried to eat moderately, only taking a second piece of cake because everyone else did. But she could’ve eaten the entire cake.
Taking out oil and eggs like Lee had suggested, she beat them into the mix, then spread the batter in two pans and stuck them in the oven. Frosting came from a can, but she had ice cream in the freezer, just a small pint container, but that would be enough for tonight.
While she waited for the cake to bake, she showered and got ready for the next workday. The oven timer was buzzing when she came out of her room. Not waiting for the cake to cool, she spread the icing on, and it melted down into the cake. Sticking a knife in the ice cream, she took out a hunk and put it right on the still-hot cake. She took the conglomeration back to her bedroom, turned the TV on, and had an amazing, better-than-sex snack. Living alone definitely was made for times like these.
Chapter 6
Karen Dailey buckled Roger into his doggie booster seat for the trip home, smiling to herself in spite of the stress of the past three hours. Her sister and her sister’s family entertained her, no matter how crazy they got. As optimistic as Kelly was, Karen was a pessimist, believing Steve was a liar, and she didn’t know what Lee was yet. Kelly was in for a rough time, and Karen hoped she would have the strength to be there for her sister.
Two years earlier, Eve, the love of Karen’s life, died after battling breast cancer for ten years. They’d gotten to know one another when Karen helped her arrange financing for a car at the dealership. Remembering it now as being love at first sight, they certainly were an odd couple. To Karen’s short, swarthy stockiness, Eve was willowy and delicate, an elementary school teacher, a young thirty-two to Karen’s fifty, and a full six inches taller.
Eve had had an elective double mastectomy the year before they met, even though the treatment for the kind of cancer she had called for lumpectomy and radiation. She didn’t want to worry about her breasts every second of the day, and this was one way of making sure that didn’t happen.
After they fell in love, Eve moved into Karen’s condominium, where they lived happily, making memories. Right after Eve’s fortieth birthday, she got sick again while they were in Bermuda, looking for a vacation home to purchase. She’d complained she was coming down with something the night they arrived. The next morning, Karen was sitting on the hotel balcony looking out over the beautiful vista, feeling so lucky, so blessed. She had a great, well-paying job, the love of a great woman, and the chance to live her dream there in the tropics.
“Do I look yellow to you?” Eve asked, stepping out of the room. Karen stood up and pushed her back inside, out of the bright sunlight. She was yellow. So much for blessings.
“It’s just nine o’clock back home. Call the doctor and see if we can take the time to come home or if you need to go to the hospital right away.”
After talking to her doctor, they decided to get the first flight home. The cancer had most likely come back, spreading to her lungs and liver.
“I want to do everything I can to live,” Eve said, and Karen supported that.
First one round of chemotherapy, and then another, losing her hair, but still enjoying life. They continued to travel when Karen could get the time off work that summer, and finally Eve resigned from teaching in early fall.
Karen and Kelly’s father, Major Dailey, had died that August, leaving Karen enough money to take an extended leave of absence. On the Saturday before Eve died, Kelly and Karen met for their morning coffee at the Cast Away Diner.
“Wow, you really look awful,” Kelly said.
Coming from anyone else, it would have been an insult. But from Kelly, it was recognition that she was fighting a losing battle for her lover’s life.
“I just don’t know how much more she can take. I thought twice about leaving her to meet you.”
“We can always go back to your place,” Kelly said.
“No, I need to get out. Watching her deteriorate is killing me.”
Karen fought tears.
“Maybe it’s time to get hospice involved,” Kelly said, taking her sister’s hand. “You know I’ll come over any time you need me.”
“Do you mean that?”
“Of course. Just name the time,” Kelly replied.
She’d offered before, but Karen told her Eve was a very private person and would refuse help.
“How about this afternoon? She seems to get worse in the evening,” Karen said.
Kelly agreed, arriving at Karen’s after lunch, shocked to discover that Eve was near death. A friend of Eve’s had offered to sit with her while Karen ran errands, but the remainder of the time it was Karen at the bedside. No wonder she was at her wits’ end.
“Why didn’t you tell me she was this bad?” Kelly asked as gently as she could.
“I don’t want to hear anything negative,” Karen said, parroting what Kelly usually said. “And I’m not sure she won’t get better.”
“That’s fine, but she needs pain medication, Karen.”
Not wanting to admonish her, Kelly thought Eve was suffering because of Karen’s stubbornness. Kelly got on the phone to put an emergency call into Eve’s doctor, who assisted Kelly in getting a palliative care referral.
At midnight, a very young nurse, twenty-five at the most, knocked on their door and changed Karen’s life. Firm but loving, she immediately determined Eve was slipping into unconsciousness, and told Karen she had better hurry up and say what she needed to say to her. Karen accepted that Eve was dying. Eve’s blood pressure was elevated, she grimaced in her sleep and was restless, and using those indicators, the nurse made the decision Eve needed pain medication, which would unfortunately increase her unresponsiveness.
The nurse instructed Karen and Kelly on pain medication administration, left them with prefilled syringes, and said another nurse would be back the following day at nine in the morning. After she left, Karen broke down.
“Now it’s real. She’s dying. I don’t know how I’m going to cope with it, and that sounds so selfish.” Kelly embraced her.
“I’m so sorry, Karen. I know she trusts what you’re doing for her.”
They looked over at Eve, who was peaceful, without pain.
The next morning, Kelly called her nursing supervisor and begged off work for the next few days.
“It can’t be much longer than that.”
Karen slept in the recliner next to Eve’s bed. When the hospice nurse came, she said Eve had only a few hours. She wasn’t wetting the bed because she wasn’t drinking, a big concern for Karen.
“If we hydrate her, it will prolong her suffering,” Kelly explained gently.
“Oh, I can’t stand this! I’m not sure I’ll survive without her,” Karen said.
Monday was torture for Karen. She didn’t leave Eve’s bedside except to go to the bathroom. Kelly could tell by Eve’s breathing that she was on her way out. The hospice nurse returned Monday night and said the end was near. She gave her a last dose of morphine and that was all it took; by early Tuesday, Eve was gone.
Kelly had gone into Eve’s room to take one more peek before trying to sleep. Karen was already snoring in the recliner. She tiptoed to the bedside and could tell right away; the pinched, pained look Eve had was gone, and she was completely relaxed with her mouth open. Kelly put her fingers on Eve’s carotid artery, first the right, then the left, and there was nothing. She was dead. Kelly leaned over and rubbed Karen’s shoulder gently.
“Eve’s gone.” Karen popped up out of the chair.
“Are you sure?” She leaned over the bed, putting her ear next to Eve’s mouth. “Oh, God, she’s gone. What the fuck!”
Karen fell against Kelly, sobbing. Dragging her sister back to the recliner, Kelly held her until she was coherent again.
“What now?” she asked. “What am I supposed to do? I don’t want her to be gone.”
Kelly couldn’t imagine what Karen was experiencing, watching the love of her life suffering, dying so young. Sitting by the bedside, Karen talked about what it had been like to meet such a wonderful woman and how she was always so loving and cheerful. Kelly knew no one could pull Karen out of her moods faster than Eve.
“She was a godsend,” Kelly said. “You could tell she loved you as much as was possible for one person to love another.”
Finally, the sun started to come up. It was time to call the funeral home. Karen had allowed Kelly to call on Monday to give them a heads-up. Karen just didn’t think it would be so soon. Saying goodbye to Eve one more time, she hid in the den until they arrived to take Eve away. The neighbors in the complex were curious and concerned seeing the hearse, and within an hour, flowers and food began to arrive.
“We don’t even know the neighbors except to say hi and bye,” Karen said.
“That’s all it takes,” Kelly replied.
Then, her children started to come. Ben and Liz arrived, and Karen and Liz sat together, holding on to each other’s hands for the rest of the day, Ben bringing them coffee and food. Lisa came and acted as hostess so Kelly could rest; she’d been up since Saturday with little sleep.
The funeral was scheduled for the following Saturday. Kelly had to go back to work the day after Eve died, so the children took turns staying with Karen. Eve’s family was coming from Ohio but just for the day of the service. And her nieces and nephews did so much; Augie made the funeral arrangements, and Ken spoke the eulogy. The rest of them did the photomontages, and acted as ushers. Karen didn’t have to do a thing but grieve.

Karen was forever grateful to Kelly for having given her support when Eve died. Two years later, she was still grieving. “Come on, Roger, let’s go inside,” she said to her little dog.
Karen would attempt to stifle her own opinions and support Kelly while she went through the dissolution of a long marriage. How was that even going to work?
“Augustus Boyd is a no-personality, low-life whiner, one step up from a day laborer.”
That was what Major Dailey had said when Kelly and Steve started to date. Kelly and Karen were only seventeen, and Karen remembered it well. They were juniors in high school, and Steve was a senior. Kelly was talking to a group of friends after school while Steve stood on the periphery, observing her. Karen remembered that he always seemed to be alone.
“You’ve got an admirer,” a male friend announced.
Kelly looked around.
“Who, me?” 
“Yeah, you. Look over there,” he said, nodding toward a doorway.
Kelly later said that she’d wondered how on earth she ever missed noticing him watching her, because he was so breathtaking. There was no getting around it; Steve was gorgeous. Tall and lanky, he had a head full of golden curls that constantly got him into trouble for being too long. When she’d looked up, he caught her eye and started walking toward her.
“Go for it, Dailey,” her friends said, encouraging her.
So she walked to meet him halfway. It was the first time a senior approached her, at least someone so good looking. Kelly admitted to her sister that she’d exchanged her need for intellectual stimulation for a pretty face. A simple guy, Steve was the antithesis of her father. Steve did all the manly things: went on hunting and fishing trips with his brothers and dad, worked on cars, and reading hot rod magazines occupied his free time. With parents from the Deep South with the accents to prove it, Steve knew Kelly’s parents didn’t approve; that only made him more determined. Mr. and Mrs. Dailey looked down their noses at him, although they denied it.
Steve got away with a lot in school because of his good looks. When they started dating, she’d do homework after school and he’d watch her.
“Don’t you have books?” she’d ask.
“Nope, no homework tonight,” he’d answer.
Somehow, he graduated with his class. His hanging around town without a job, waiting for Kelly to graduate, infuriated the Daileys.
“She’s going to college, Augustus,” Major Dailey said. “You should be thinking of it, too. There’s a great little community college right over there.”
He pointed over his shoulder in the general direction of the college. When Steve didn’t answer him, it was proof that he had no future. Kelly tried to build up the nerve to tell her father that she didn’t want to go to college, either. They wanted to get married in case Steve received his draft notice. Karen remembered the night before Kelly got married. Kelly sat on Karen’s bed and started to weep.
“You know I love you, correct?” Kelly asked, wiping her eyes. Karen nodded her head. “You know I want to share everything with you. But I’m afraid if I do, you’ll tell Mom and Daddy and they’ll lock me up so I can’t do it.”
Now, all these years later, Karen wished she had squealed. Maybe Kelly would have had a different life, one in which she hadn’t worked her ass off, all so Steve could leave her for his wartime sweetheart. They’d gone to the justice of the peace the week after high school graduation and got married. Kelly told her parents after the deed was done, and they insisted on a formal wedding for her in spite of her objections.
“You’ll thank us someday,” Mrs. Dailey had said. “You and Steve will have your wedding day to remember for the rest of your life.”
By the time school started again in September, she was two months pregnant, Major Dailey got his money back from Union College, and she and Steve were driving to Texas in his pickup truck.

When he left for Vietnam, Kelly asked her parents if she could move home with little Augie. Karen helped care for him while Kelly went to nursing school, accepting that Steve wasn’t going to be able to support the lifestyle she intended on having, and refusing to take the help her parents were eager to give her once the baby was born.
Their parents, so angry at first, soon softened up because of Augie. Such a sweet baby, and later a nice little boy, Augie healed the relationship between Kelly and her mom and dad.
Then Steve came home, and Karen watched her sister struggle, never complaining, with an unhappy husband and an unhappy marriage.
Roger needed his dinner and jumped up, interrupting the daydream while nipping at Karen’s heels as she walked into her tidy kitchen to prepare it. Eve had been gone two years that month. Slowly and unintentionally, Karen removed objects that Eve had placed around their home, not because she didn’t want to be reminded of Eve, but they no longer served their original purpose, just making her sad.
Instead of a reminder of a wonderful trip to Ireland, a hand-knit afghan brought sadness to Karen so she was unable to use it or even enjoy the room where she kept it. Photos Karen had taken of Gaudi architecture on a trip to Barcelona that Eve had carefully framed made her physically ill to see. She asked family if anyone was interested, and so far, her nieces and nephews were the caretakers of Eve’s memorabilia Karen could no longer bear to look at.
Eve’s desk and papers were untouched, the room becoming a catchall for Christmas wrapping paper and items from her parents’ house that no one wanted and she couldn’t bring herself to throw away. While Roger ate, Karen leaned against the galley kitchen, looking around.
“It’s time to move, Rog. You want to go with me?” He growled a little guttural growl while he chomped on his food. “Yes, I’m ready for a fresh start.”
She picked up the phone and keyed in Kelly’s number, but voice mail picked up. Kelly was incommunicado.
Chapter 7
Alice Boyd couldn’t stop shaking after the encounter with Steve, even after she hugged her mother goodbye. Getting into her car, she carefully drove the six miles home. The confrontation left her weak and nauseated. Pulling up to the front of her house, Maxine was standing in the driveway, talking to their next-door neighbor Paul. They smiled and waved, and hopped out of the way so she could pull up.
“Hi,” she said. “The weather is changing so fast.”
“Indian summer just showed up this weekend, and now they predict frost for tonight up north,” Paul said.
Early frost was okay, but a freeze when there was still fruit to pick off trees and harvesting yet to be done was problematic.
“I have tomatoes for you, still on the plant,” he said. “I’d better pick what’s left.”
They said goodnight, and Paul walked across his yard to his house while the women strolled up the path to their door.
“How was pierogi night?” Maxine asked.
She opened the door for Alice to go through first, and Alice stumbled over the threshold. The stumble took down her last bit of resolve to keep it together, and Alice burst into tears.
“Good lord. What happened?” Maxine asked. “I guess not so good, huh?”
She tried to pull Alice over to hug, but she stiffened up like a board.
“My dad is a jerk,” she said, crying, going to the tissue box on a table next to the couch. “He’s leaving my mom for some lady he met overseas when he was in the war. She had a kid with him and never told him, and they’ve chosen now to come out of the woodwork.”
“Ugh,” Maxine said. “Steve finally shows his true colors.”
In Maxine’s eyes, Steve was a racist and a homophobe. But leaving his wife of all these years was even a lot for old Steve.
“He was married to my mom when the affair happened,” Alice added.
“Ew,” Maxine said. “Is that all? Or is there more?”
“Yes! He made fun of me, asking me how we’ll decide who walks down the aisle when we get married.”
Maxine was confused. “I don’t get it”  
“You know, who’s the man and who’s the woman…” Alice singsonged.
“Oh, for God’s sake, Alice, he’s so friggin’ unenlightened. How can you allow a jerk like that to upset you so much?”
Shaking her head in disgust, Maxine walked into the kitchen to make coffee.
“Well, he is my father. It hurt, that’s all I can say.”
“I never could stand him, to tell you the truth. And to hurt Kelly that way, well it’s over the top.”
“I guess I can’t either, which is really a shame,” Alice said, a new torrent of tears beginning. “It’s too late for coffee.”
“You’ll drink it and you’ll love it,” Maxine said. “We’re not letting that asshole ruin our night.”
Banging on the door ensued.
“Who’d come here at this hour?” Maxine said.
Alice looked through the peephole.
“It’s Ken!” She unlocked the door and opened it so her beloved brother Kenny could stumble in.
“Jesus, I’m not drunk anymore, either,” he said, looking at the threshold.
“I just fell over it, too. Sorry. We’ll get it fixed one of these days.”
He looked around her place.
“I smell coffee.” 
Maxine yelled from the kitchen.
“Come back here, Mr. Boyd. I’ve got something to say to you.”
“Oh, great,” Ken said, walking back to the kitchen.
“So I hear your father outdid himself tonight,” Maxine said, the catalyst the siblings needed to begin venting to each other so Maxine could get a break.
They drank coffee, sitting around the kitchen table, the dim light in the old-fashioned fixture hurting Maxine’s eyes. At eleven, she yawned.
“I have a full day tomorrow, if you two will excuse me.”
“I’ve got to get some sleep, too,” Alice said, pushing away from the table.
“Before you go, can I spend the night?” Ken asked sheepishly. “I sort of got locked out of my apartment.”
Alice looked at him and frowned.
“It’s up to Maxine.”
They looked at her for an answer.
“I guess so. I never changed the sheets from the last time you were here,” Maxine answered.
Her partner’s family was beginning to get on her nerves, but she didn’t say anything. “Goodnight.”
After Maxine left the kitchen, Alice asked what had happened. “Everything seemed great when I saw you both last weekend.” 
Ken and his girlfriend, Terry, had been at Augie’s on Saturday with the rest of the family.
“I drank too much and got mouthy with her mother on Sunday. Last night I was on call, and never left the hospital until five in the morning, and tonight I was at Mom’s house, so I’m in the doghouse.”
“Do you want me to call and put a good word in for you?” she asked.
He nodded. “Just let her know I’m here. She probably thinks I’m carousing.” Alice laughed.
“Well, you were, sort of. I mean, that was so much fun at Mom’s.”
He laughed and got up to stretch. “Can I throw my clothes in your washer? I can’t go into work with the same thing on for the third day.”
Alice wrinkled her nose.
“Yes, go for it.”
She gave him a peck on the cheek and left to get ready for bed, hoping the washer wouldn’t disturb Maxine, who had to get up early. Alice had a nine-to-five job at an internet firm. Ken would be up before them all; he was a nurse like his mother.
Alice went into the bathroom to get ready for bed. Looking in the mirror, she saw the toll the night of stress had taken on her young face, a breakout with a smattering of pimples coming out on her chin and dark circles under her eyes. For being only twenty-four, she looked and felt twice that age. As she was washing her face, she heard her phone vibrating on a table in the living room. It was Reggie.
Alice and Reggie were the last two of Kelly and Steve’s children, close, but not suffocatingly like Ben and Lisa.
“We weren’t in the womb together,” Reggie had said as they observed their twin siblings.
“Thank God,” Alice replied. “The last thing I need is my brother setting up an exercise program for me like Ben does for Lisa.”
Reggie looked down at his portly body and back up at Alice, who was trying not to comment.
“You never have to worry about that, I promise you,” Reggie said.
Reggie would never have showed up at Alice’s house, drunk either. Especially at ten at night.
She picked up the vibrating phone and punched the talk button. “Hi,” she said, whispering.
“What are you still doing up?” Reggie asked.
“You called me, remember?”
“Right, but I didn’t think you’d answer,” he said. “What’s your take on Dad and the new woman? Do you think they’re going to go polygamy on us? And a new brother, handsome and a doctor.”
“No way! Who told you that?”
“Ben. He’s already in touch with the guy. I just got off the phone with him. As I sink lower in the spectrum of both looks and accomplishments.”
Poor Reggie, Alice secretly wondered if he’d been mixed up in the newborn nursery, he was so unlike his siblings. Reggie had male pattern baldness at age twenty-six. Where the other kids took after Steve in the height department, Reggie was just five six.”
Reggie never had a real job. His permanent gig was as a barista at the local coffee shop, a position he’d held since he was sixteen because it was convenient for him. A perpetual student, Reggie was currently working on his second master’s degree. Reggie was also a genius grant writer and craftily incorporated his studies into where the latest state grant monies were.
“I just like going to school,” he had said when his father complained that he didn’t understand why his son was still attending classes and not compelled to get an actual job.
“So did you see the gleam in Dad’s eye when he talked about the son? We’re history,” Reggie said, jarring Alice back into the present.
“I couldn’t care less,” Alice replied. “It would be a relief to be able to stop pretending he gives a shit about us. Poor Mom keeps working at this myth that we’re one, big happy family. Boy, did that backfire.”
“She asked Ben to find a twelve-step program for her,” Reggie said, giggling.
“For Mom? What about for Ken? He’s sleepin’ it off in my basement right now.”
“You’re kidding? What time did he get there?”
“After ten,” Alice answered.
“Did Maxine have a fit?” Reggie asked, incredulous that his brother had so much nerve.
Alice laughed again. “No, she had to go to bed, so it wasn’t a big deal.”
Reggie would have never showed up at Alice’s house at ten, drunk or sober. He was afraid of Maxine, who perpetuated it by pretending to be mean and sarcastic when he was around. The last time they saw each other, she’ sneered at him like he was a bug. He’d stopped by Alice’s house to drop off mums from Kelly, praying that Alice wasn’t answering her phone because she couldn’t hear it, not because she wasn’t home. Deciding to sneak up to the house, he would put the plant on the porch and flee, and leave a message warning her that it was there. As he bent down to place it on the top step, the door flew open and the dreaded Maxine stood before him, frowning.
“What in the hell do you think you’re doing?” she asked.
To make matters worse, she wore her police uniform, all power and authority. Scaring him, he did a little two-step jump backward.
“Oh, hi, Maxine,” he said. “This is from my mother.”
He bent to pick it up, holding it up to her like an offering to the gods.
“Just leave it there.” He put it down again and started walking backwards toward his car. “Where are you going, Reggie?”
“I need to get to work,” he said.
“The coffee shop can wait for a few more minutes,” she said. “Are you afraid of me?”
Reggie stopped moving and looked at her carefully. He was myopic, but she was in a shadow anyway, and from behind the screen, her dark skin looked frosted, almost glowing. She was beautiful. Reggie thought Alice was homely, but she and Maxine made a striking pair regardless.
“No,” he answered, but hesitantly. “I really do have to get to work.”
“Ha! Get over here, Reggie Boyd, or I’ll tell your sister you were rude to me.”
Thinking she’d probably tell Alice he was rude no matter what, he didn’t want Maxine to think he was avoiding her because he was a racist. In a lose-lose situation, taking a step forward, he belittled himself for allowing her to have the upper hand, and he fought the urge to turn and run.
“Closer,” she said. He walked up to the porch and she held the door open for him. “Come in here.”
Stepping up to the door, he squeezed through the narrow space she’d left, purposely trying to intimidate him. Just then, Alice walked out with a towel wrapped around her head.
“Oh, did you bring me the mums?” she asked. “Maxine, stop taunting my brother.”
Walking over to Reggie, she kissed his cheek. Maxine, laughing, lost interest in him and went back to sorting through the mail. It was a script that they kept repeating.
Tonight, Reggie hoped he didn’t disturb Maxine by calling so late. “My call didn’t wake her, did it?” 
Alice laughed. “No, you’re okay,” she said. “But I need to get some sleep. Let’s talk tomorrow if you find out anything more.”
“Okay, talk tomorrow.”
They hung up and Alice prepared for bed. She could hear the sound of the washer spinning. Ken was doing his laundry.

Alice and Maxine had a basement bedroom that was slowly becoming Ken’s home away from home. This was the sixth time in October that he’d slept there because of Terry locking him out of their apartment. Substance abuse was starting to interfere with his life and his job would be next. Ken had received a warning that a patient complained he had alcohol on his breath one night after he was called in to the hospital for an emergency case. It was an innocent situation when he was home for the night and had a beer before he went to bed. At two in the morning, his phone rang; it was the nursing supervisor saying she couldn’t reach one of the call staff and asking if he could fill in. Not impaired, it never occurred to him to refuse to help out because he’d had a beer two hours earlier.
Now his nursing manager watched him like a hawk. The union representative had refused to enforce a drug test because he’d had one two months before and wasn’t due for four months. Lying on the twin bed in the basement bedroom of his sister’s house with his eyes closed, he waited for the washing machine to stop spinning around so he could put his clothes in the dryer. When it stopped, he got up to transfer his laundry. As he was bending over, taking the clothes out of the washer, he heard a noise and turned quickly. Maxine was standing there, staring with her mouth open.
Ken was naked. He put his hands in the fig-leaf position but it was too late. She’d seen, and he was reacting. “Jesus, Max, don’t you knock?”
She slowly shook her head.
“Nope, never.”
Looking at her, at her beautiful skin and big brown eyes, she usually seemed miserable, at least she acted like she was, but tonight, she looked feminine and gentle.
“Ah, what do you want?” His hands had moved from covering his parts and she tried not to look. “I keep waiting for the sarcasm.”
She shook her head again.
“No, no sarcasm. Frankly, I’m shocked. You Boyd men have such little hands. I guess that must be a myth.”
“You don’t really believe that shit, do you? Besides, my hands aren’t so little. I wear a size 8 glove in the OR.”
She stared at his face for another few seconds, and it gave him a chance to take in her athletic build. Startled, he never thought Maxine would wear a pink nighty.
“I’m surprised you’re wearing pink.”
Confused, she looked down at her nightgown, having forgotten what she was wearing, and smirked.
“You think lesbians just wear sweatpants to bed? You’ve got a lot to learn.”
It was his turn to smirk. “Anything you care to teach me?”
“Ah, no. Please wait to dry your clothes till the morning. The drier has developed a new thump, and it will keep me up.”
“No problem,” he said, turning around and remembering again he was naked. “Anytime you want to leave will be fine with me.”
“Sorry,” she said. “And don’t tell Alice.”
“No worries,” he said, waiting for her to turn around. “I can’t jeopardize my home away from home.”
Slowly turning to leave, Maxine recognized Alice in Ken’s face, the gentleness was the same only Ken was too gentle to cope, and self-medicating was killing him.
“Knock it off, Ken,” she said, her hand on the railing.
“No,” he replied. “I’m hooked. I’d have to find something to replace it with. At least alcohol is legal.”
“Well, stop it, and get some help. I love Alice too much to watch her suffer because someone she loves so goddamned much is self-destructing.”
Ken looked away, refusing to take what she said seriously, at least that night.
Chapter 8
Kelly was finally in shock, exactly where she should have been the day the tall Asian man appeared on her porch and she pretended that she would cope. Able to deal with the betrayal that Steve had had an affair, able to accept the fact that he had a child with another woman, she was even able to rationalize that she’d spent all of her adult life with a man who didn’t love her.
But doing a complete turnaround, what she now couldn’t accept, wouldn’t accept, was the possibility that her children would have anything to do with that slimy woman and her child. Titan could have been a saint, and she wasn’t going to embrace him.
If Steve had been contrite - coming to her on his knees asking for forgiveness - she might have found the strength to include Lee and Titan in her family’s life. But now that Steve was leaving her for Lee, going to make a life for them probably right in the same town where she grew up, and people knew her mom and dad, and her children had gone all through school, she didn’t want anything to do with them.
Kelly’s fantasy of having one big happy family was shattered when Steve had disrespectfully brought Lee to the house. The illusion was destroyed when the children witnessed what happened. Seeing Lee in action, critiquing Kelly’s dessert and admonishing the children, was all it took to force Kelly to face reality.
“Screw you, Lee,” she’d shouted to an empty house.
After midnight, sitting in the dark, drinking wine alone, and thinking about everything, how she’d worked so hard to have a certain type of family, it had ended like this. Alice bursting into tears after dinner was the worst, Steve making his hateful homophobic comment, one he’d made in secret to Kelly, making her skin crawl. As much as she tried to enlighten and teach him, that he could say the things he’d said about his own daughter made her love for Steve evaporate. There wasn’t much love left anyway.
Kelly quickly slipped into defense mode. Now that her children knew the truth, she could take her cues from them. Earlier, she didn’t want to sway their opinions, but that was before she knew Steve was leaving her. Now he could appeal to them himself. She didn’t care if they turned their backs on Titan and Lee, and maybe even Steve.
Shuddering, she thought of how poorly Steve had always treated Reggie. Free-spirited Reggie, he was the sweetest kid and the nicest adult man. It wasn’t apparent until he was a preteen how much Steve disliked him, and he no longer tried to hide it. Shielding Reggie from Steve took a tremendous amount of energy. Looking back, she realized it would have been easier to leave Steve at the time; she had been wrong not to.
One incident stood out: Reggie played chess with the chess club in his middle school, and the parents were invited to observe. The animosity apparent for his own flesh and blood slithered out the night Kelly asked Steve if he’d like to accompany her to Reggie’s tournament.
“I’ve got a game at six,” he said. “The Tigers are playing the White Sox.”
“They only let the kids play one game, and the moves are timed. You’ll be back home before the fourth inning.”
“I don’t want to go,” Steve whined, petulant. “It’s too embarrassing. The kid reminds me of your father. No one in my family is fat.”
Rather than start a hopeless fight with him, Kelly let him have the last word, running back up the stairs.
Once he was comfortable criticizing Reggie, it seemed that Steve couldn’t stop. Changing their routines, she fed the children long before Steve came home from work. Dinnertime switched from being a tense, miserable scene of Steve harping, to a relaxed, fun opportunity for everyone to talk about their day. Kelly loved the meal after that, spending the afternoon moments of free time at work planning something special for her children.
The segregation she slowly instituted at home gradually became the norm, seven days a week. Planning fun things for the weekend no longer included Steve to his relief, as well. Summer vacations up at her parents’ lake house in Algonac now included the children’s friends, as well as Karen and Eve.
College visiting trips were made with Kelly alone, or sometimes Karen or Major Dailey would accompany them. Rarely would Steve join her at parents’ weekends or homecoming or any of the other numerous functions her children invited her to attend at their schools.
Not wanting to think about those memories so late at night, she’d never get any sleep and she still had four days of work. Pulling herself up off the couch to go to bed, she made another decision; she hadn’t taken any personal time off since Eve had died, and she was due. It was time for a sick day. Reaching for the phone, she dialed the hospital number and told her first lie in years.
Hanging up, she felt great that she would have the time off. If finances allowed, she might even take a leave of absence. Although she could retire at sixty-two, she couldn’t start collecting her pension until she was sixty-five. Pulling a nightgown over her head, she got into bed alone for the fourth night in a row. All the hours she’d wasted - willing Steve to turn to her, fighting to preserve her self-esteem because of his disinterest - was all for nothing.
Thanks to the wine, Kelly had a good sleep. Tuesday morning, she got up later than usual. It was a good day for a run. Not having to go to work felt awesome. The weather was slowly changing and the temperature frosty, so she dressed appropriately, which could serve as a disguise in case a co-worker saw her. Thoughts of Steve didn’t enter her mind until she stepped outdoors. Did he go to work that day? Kelly didn’t think he’d leave Lee alone in a motel room, and Steve could rationalize a day off from work for a fleabite.
Running past the only hotel in the neighborhood, she saw his truck in the parking lot in front of room number eighteen. Immediately heat flooded over her body. Instead of stifling her feelings, she wanted to feel everything, as though the high was drug induced. What was it? An adrenaline rush for sure. Anger? A little jealousy thrown in? Or was she simply heartbroken? Even the room number meant something to her. Eighteen.
The shades were pulled tight. Steve usually got up early for work, but when he took a day off, he liked to sleep in. Kelly imagined them sleeping close together. It would be one of the first times he’d slept with Lee in years. Acknowledging this brought a torrent of renewed grief.
Kelly and Steve hadn’t had sex in ages; his excuse was that he had no libido. “Zilch,” he said.
So it wasn’t his disinterest that hurt so much; she was used to it. They’d slowly separated naturally, like peeling bark off a tree. The analogy stung; it was difficult to wrap her brain around all those lonely, anxious years.
Finally, walking away from the motel before Steve found her there, the thought had come to her that if she wanted it, she could probably have a relationship again someday with someone else. Unlikely, but possible. She wasn’t too old.
***
Steve woke up suddenly, knowing Kelly was lurking outside the motel. Still in bed next to Lee who softly snored, he didn’t want to disturb her. The feeling persisting, he got up carefully, moving the curtain just a hair, and saw Kelly standing behind his truck, pale and sad, making him anxious.
It wasn’t that he was trying to hide from Kelly. He still had feelings for her, it was impossible not to. They’d been together all their lives and once he’d decided to end it, he responded to it like taking a bandage off a wound, with one quick swipe. The problem was he had to make a choice between the two women, choosing happiness with Lee over drudgery with Kelly. They’d evolved to misery over a period of time. Kelly had done such a good job protecting him over the years, her comments that she always knew he was unhappy were shocking and embarrassing to him.
Steve never wanted a wife and family, and only married Kelly because she was crazy about him. His parents said he was nuts if he let money like she came from get away. Like any irresponsible kid, he had sex with her without thinking of the consequences. And she wanted a family right away. In case something happens to you, she said, like she was planning for his death in Vietnam. Having Augie wasn’t a shared decision.
In Vietnam, opening mail from home was the highlight of a soldier’s day, but for Steve, letters came with pictures of his mother holding her first grandson, and he dreaded it, mail call making him ill. There was nothing touching about his mother holding a child he had been reluctant to have.
When he got home from Vietnam, Steve didn’t recognize Augie, the toddler. Kelly obsessed about caring for him and didn’t encourage Steve to play with the boy or bond with him in any way, so he didn’t. A few years later, he finally snapped out of the fog he’d been in, recognizing that he had a nice little family and, thanks to Kelly, a nice little life.
The few friends he had were getting married and having babies, so he thought, What the hell, and said to Kelly, “Let’s have another kid.”
The day she shared that she was carrying twins, he regressed back into the old depression, this bout lasting almost a year. Coming home from work exhausted, dirty, and angry like he usually was, he found that she had the house decorated with baby icons, two of everything. He didn’t get it.
“What’s this?” he said, trying not to be grumpy Steve.
Two other memes, happy and neutral, he copied from Kelly. All he could muster that afternoon was neutral Steve. Neutral Steve pretended to enjoy whatever was happening by imitating Kelly. He even repeated what she was saying.
“I have a surprise for you!” she said, trying without success not to be too excited.
She clapped her hands together.
So Steve did the same thing, jumping a little and clapping his hands. “You have a surprise?”
He even managed to mask the sarcasm.
“If you haven’t guessed by dinner, I’ll tell you then.”
“Can you at least give me a hint?” He asked.
She glanced at her cardboard storks and baby bootie posters.
“You need a hint?” she replied, frowning.
“Okay, I got that it has something to do with the baby,” Steve said, looking around the room.
Suddenly bored with the topic of babies, he yawned.
“What’s for dinner?”
Throwing his jacket over a chair instead of hanging it up in the closet right next to it, he went into the kitchen, groaning when he saw the theme had infiltrated his mealtime.
“Wash your hands, and I’ll feed you,” Kelly said, just like a mother.
Not his mother, who didn’t care if he came to the table covered in shit. Steve went to the kitchen sink and lathered up with the smelly soap in a pump bottle. It wasn’t until he sat down at the table and she placed his food in front of him that he started to feel sick. 
They were having Chinese. There was two of everything. Two pigs in a blanket, two wontons, two egg rolls, two steamed dumplings, and she’d used a tube of wasabi paste to write Congratulations! across his plate. He looked up at her and fought not to grimace, wanting to jump up and throw the plate across the room.
“We’re having twins!” she cried, elated.
Her joy only incensed him more. But he had to be careful; he’d been known to overreact in the past. Neutral Steve kicked in again.
“We’re having twins. Wow.”
“I know you must be shocked,” she said, gently. “But don’t worry. I won’t be off work long. Nothing will change much for you.”
Later he thought how his life didn’t change at all, no matter what happened. Kelly saw to it that he was never disturbed.
“Twins will change things a lot around here,” he replied.
The money it would cost to add two kids to the roster, not to mention the crying - dual howling into the night. Picking up a fork, he shoveled the food in, hoping she’d take a hint and leave him alone.
“They won’t change anything, Steve. Don’t worry about that. Your mother already said she would babysit for us.”
Steve put his fork down, glaring at Kelly.
“Why do you think I’d want my mother within ten feet of this house, let alone babysitting my kids?”
Mention of his mother had roused a tiny bit of possessiveness of his children. Kelly didn’t get it.
“What’s wrong with your mother? She raised a big family and didn’t do such a bad job of it.”
“Yeah, well, there’s a lot you don’t know,” Steve said.
Kelly looked at him carefully.
“Do you mean her drinking? She’s been in AA for ten years now, Steve. She’s probably more enlightened than either of us.”
“You know, I hate that phrase. Just what the hell does it mean? Enlightened in what way? Because she realizes she was a lush, now that makes her deep?”
“No, that’s not what I mean. She knows what she did hurt the family. She tried to make amends, but you wouldn’t give her a chance.”
Steve got up and walked away from the table.
“Don’t get pregnant thinking my mother is going to bail you out when you need someone to babysit.”
Saddened by his response, she allowed him the last word. Picking up his plate, she thought of her life, of her home and her little boy. Augie meant everything to her, and he was doing well in school, thriving in every way. Steve wasn’t involved, but Kelly didn’t think it was important. Mr. Dailey worked all the time, yet she and Karen knew how important they were to him. Steve was like her father in many ways. After work, he came home on time every night and seemed to be proud of the life they were building together.
The similarities ended there, but Kelly didn’t expect more from Steve, and she didn’t allow his jab to hurt her. Understanding his frustration, Kelly was hopeful once the babies were born, he’d change his mind, just like he did when he saw Augie for the first time.

Steve didn’t think his children with Kelly looked like him, yet the minute he laid eyes on Titan, he knew - Titan was definitely his son. He didn’t need to have DNA testing done, because he knew in his gut he was the father of Lee’s son.
Discovering Kelly pacing outside the motel room made him anxious because of his guilt. And he didn’t like to be wrong or need to be reminded of what he’d done to her. Looking out again, she’d finally gone. Relieved, but conflicted, he almost wished she’d come up to the door and knocked on it so he could invite her in and rub her nose in what he’d done.
Unfaithful with Lee years ago, he didn’t consider what he was doing now as infidelity because his marriage was over. What Kelly had done to him - entrapped him, entangling him in a life he didn’t necessarily want - was worse.
Lee was naked under the sheets, and the memory of seeing her body again after forty years, made him get hard. In great shape, Lee’s body was youthful, with small firm breasts and a little mound of a tummy.
Unable to tell if she dyed her hair, she’d shaved everything else so she had no gray body hair, for which he was grateful. Gray body hair was unacceptable in a woman. Although he had it, even his chest hair was gray, in a woman, there was no excuse.
Powerless to stop, when they were finished doing it the first time after so many years apart, he compared Lee to Kelly. Lee was quiet when he fucked her, making soft noises that didn’t disrupt his own pleasure. Kelly was a thrasher; she yodeled when she came, and it used to piss Steve off until she just stopped coming. Not sure it was because of his criticism or because she was just getting too old, it was a relief that he didn’t have to make an effort. Eventually, they simply stopped doing it.
But Steve still had a lot to learn about women. When he thought of Lee’s age, the phrase, It’s never too late, came to him. Looking over at the bed, he saw Lee was finally stirring.
“Good morning sleepyhead,” he said. She waved him over, and when he got to the bed, she pulled him down on top of her. She was making up for lost time.
***
Kelly ran back to the house in despair, a sixty-two-year-old woman who would be starting all over again, alone. The disbelief that Steve could treat her in such a way took her breath away yet again. As hard as she tried not to succumb to tears, they came anyway, flowing out of her eyes, blinding her. A neighbor, a retired assembly line worker who’d survived the drudgery of the job by developing a passion for gardening, greeted her as she ran by him, and she waved and smiled, hoping he didn’t notice the tears.
“Miss Kelly, I put chrysanthemums on your porch,” he shouted.
Kelly waved. “Thank you, James,” she said. “I’ll put them in later today.”
Aware that she’d maintain her sanity by the order she kept, planting mums might be exactly what was needed. Rather than showering and going back to bed, she’d get her gardening gloves and plant mums. James would come over and help her, and they would chat about his arthritis and grandchildren and Medicare, killing time.
Refusing to dwell on the dissolution of an almost half-century marriage, she felt the despair leave her body, aching limbs regenerated, headache gone. Marching straight to the kitchen, she washed her hands and then got out her phone and sent a new group message, minus one participant.
Come to dinner again tonight, it said. I promise you this gathering will be relaxed and enjoyable. Love, your mother, mother-in-law, grandmother and sister.
Pulling a giant package of ground beef out of the freezer to defrost in the microwave, she’d make a huge pot of spaghetti sauce. Homemade garlic rolls, string beans she’d frozen from her garden, and a big salad would complete the meal. She’d run back to the store, one on the other side of town from Steve’s motel, and get the ingredients to make dessert before the lovers ventured out. Cooking for her family was preferable to entertaining the murder of Steve and Lee. Thoughts of them dangled in front of her eyes as she went about her day, and although she knew it was detrimental to focus on such negativity, she felt powerless to control it.
Waving at James as she pulled out of the garage, the plan was to make a pass by the motel again to make sure Steve’s truck was still there. Traffic was dying down as she made a left-hand turn onto Telegraph with the motel less than a half-block down the road. No one was behind her, so she reduced speed as she approached.
“Oh no,” she moaned; just as she came upon the driveway, Steve’s white pickup truck was getting ready to pull out into traffic.
He put his brakes on, but it was too late; Kelly made a quick right turn and smashed into his truck head-on, giving a little punch to the gas pedal.
As often happens at serendipitous moments like this, the perpetrator is given to fits of laughter. Kelly was hysterical. The looks of shock on Steve’s and Lee’s faces when their air bags deployed, and then Steve’s nose starting to bleed, well, it was too much for her. Tears rolling down her cheeks, she bent over with laughter.
Later, Maxine would tell the others in confidence that she was worried Kelly was having a mental breakdown. They’d gathered at Augie’s as soon as everyone was free that evening. Karen left work and went to the hospital to be with Kelly, taking her home when she’d received a clean bill of health. Neither Lee nor Steve was hurt except a punch to the face from their air bags. Both cars were undriveable. Steve hadn’t contacted anyone in the family.
“I was first on the scene, and it looked like an accident to me. That’s my story, by the way,” Maxine said. “She was headed to the motel to ask Steve a question and didn’t realize he was trying to pull out.”
“Is my father going to go along with that?” Alice asked.
“Yes, actually. He doesn’t want a reporter from the little paper in town to get ahold of the story - Wife Tries to Kill Husband and Girlfriend with Vehicle,” Maxine said.
“What was she trying to do?” Augie asked, angry. “Did she go there to start a fight?”
“This is your mother you’re talking about,” Sandy said to her husband, burping baby Nicole over her shoulder. “When have any of us ever seen her do or say anything negative about Steve? Never, and I’ve known her since I was a teenager.”
“This has been a long time coming,” Ben said. “I’m surprised she didn’t crack before Lee came into the picture.”
Lisa looked at him and frowned.
“Careful, don’t share family secrets.” 
“Everyone here knows,” Ben said. “My wife asked me after the first week she met everyone if my father was clinically depressed.”
“Don’t put me on the spot, dear,” Liz said. “It wasn’t meant to be dinnertable conversation.”
“We all knew she covered for him,” Ken said. “It’s the way you did things at our house. We all made excuses for Dad.”
“That’s still no excuse to try to kill the guy,” Augie said.
“Augie, she wasn’t trying to kill your father,” Sandy replied. “She just went there to ask him a question, remember? He was pulling out and she was pulling in, although her impulse may have been to run into him. It’s just a coincidence that he had told her, in front of her family, by the way, if the stories I’m hearing are true, that he was leaving her for a woman ten years older than he is.”
“She wasn’t going fast enough to have had much intention,” Maxine said. “The guy at the gas station next door said she drove by slowly, with her turn signal on. It was just a fluke that he was there. Her foot may have slipped onto the accelerator.”
Ken burst out laughing. “Do you really believe that?”
Maxine gave him a dirty look.
“Prove otherwise, smart ass.” 
Their phones all went off at the same time.
“Must be Mom,” Lisa said.
“Yep, she’s wondering why we’re all late for dinner,” Ben added, reading the text from Kelly.
“I can’t believe she still wants us to come over,” Lisa replied.
“Come on, everyone. Let’s pray it’s better than last night,” Alice said.
“Us in-laws will be there this time, so it’ll be much nicer,” Sandy said, laughing.
“I wonder if Steve will show up again,” Liz said, buckling the baby up in her car seat on the floor.
“If he has a death wish,” Maxine said.
They filed out of Augie’s house for the short ride to Kelly’s. Waiting at the front door as usual, but with two stitches on her chin and a broken fingernail, she smiled and waved. Her family brought her joy that would not be denied. No matter what happened that evening, she was sticking to this story: she’d set out to ask Steve when he’d retrieve his belongings, and didn’t realize he was trying to leave when she turned into the driveway.
As her children arrived, she went out to help Sandy and Augie with their children. Having everyone around her would be soothing, and as usual, no one would even miss Steve.
Chapter 9
Terry Cramer, waiting for Ken at home as usual, was hurt and angry that once again she was the only one left out.
I’m at my mom’s for dinner again, Ken texted. She had a small car accident today. See you later.
“Oh, no, no, no,” Terry said out loud.
Grabbing her purse and car keys, she left their apartment for the ride to Kelly’s house. For the past four years that she and Ken Boyd had lived together, she could count on one hand the number of times she’d been included in family get-togethers.
Not meaning to be critical, as she turned the corner into the Boyds’ subdivision, she noted again how modest the homes were. For being a two-income family, the house in which they’d raised their family could’ve been nicer.
The lights were on in the dining room, and people were crowded around the table. No one looked as she walked up the path to the house. It was obvious Kelly was trying to keep things festive with pots of mums and a terra cotta pumpkin on the steps leading up to the porch.
She could hear voices that quieted when she knocked. Ken’s aunt Karen opened the door.
“Terry,” she said, “come on in. You’re just in time for dinner.”
“Thanks, I’m starving,” Terry replied, walking into the dining room.
Everyone said, “Hi,” except for Ken who got up and went to kiss her.
“What’s this all about?” he whispered with eyebrows in question marks.
“Sorry,” Terry replied. She looked around the room. “I wasn’t being left out again.”
Kelly went to her for a hug. “Of course not. I should’ve contacted you myself, and next time, I will.” She glared at her son. “Ken, get another chair.”
“We were just talking about Thanksgiving,” Sandy said. “I can’t believe the holidays are almost here.”
“What are we going to do about Dad?” Augie asked.
“One of my nightmares in life was worrying about my kids being exposed to drama like this. And what do I do but bring it on myself. I can’t even blame your father for it,” Kelly said, remorse clear in her voice.
“Mother, you should fight him,” Alice said.
Everyone turned to her.
“Are you nuts?” Maxine said.
“No, I’m serious. Why should he be allowed to screw everything up because he’s having a midlife crisis? Don’t let him leave you; it’s as simple as that.”
“Honey, he’s way beyond midlife. I need to just let him go. He’s been a reluctant participant most of our life together. It might be a relief not to have to beg him to do everything I want to do,” Kelly admitted.
Sad, Sandy looked at Augie, understanding what Kelly was talking about. Augie needed to be talked into almost everything, and when he made a decision on his own to do something, she went along with it whether she wanted to or not because it was so refreshing to have him motivated. Maybe it was just marriage.
“Let’s make a decision as a family,” Ben said. “We’re all hurting. It’s new - hasn’t even been five days. Let’s put a limit on how long we’re going to let Lee and Steve have control over our conversation. The way I see it, Mother is the one person we need to support. If our father needs us, he sure isn’t letting anyone know. Have any of you heard a peep?”
Everyone shook their heads.
“He called me Saturday, and that was the only time,” Augie said.
“Maybe we need to have an intervention,” Alice said excitedly. “Force him to see how ridiculous he’s being.”
Kelly sighed.
“Kids, I’m relieved. Please, you have to believe me. I don’t want him here, loving someone else. It’s not fair to me. I need to think about everything for a while.” She got up to retrieve more garlic rolls. “I’m already thinking about registering on Match-Dating.com.”
There was a gasp and then laughter. She really wasn’t, but wanted to change the subject quickly, becoming more depressed as the children talked about Steve. It worked, because for the rest of the meal, they spoke of experiences they’d had or heard others had, with online matchmaking.
“I’ll do it too,” Karen said. “I was just thinking about it last night. It’s time to move from that townhouse, and it’s time to date again.”
“I agree,” Kelly said. “We’ll work on your profile first. I should wait at least a year.”
“It’s been two years since Eve died,” Karen continued. “I’m finally ready.”
“How’d you know it was time?” Liz asked.
“I just thought it would be nice to share what little time I have left with someone else. I never thought I’d be alone at this age. I stayed in the closet until my mother died. Major thought Eve and I were just roommates. I want to live openly. If Eve were alive, we’d be getting married.”
Everyone was quiet, thinking about Eve.
“Now we’re both alone,” Kelly said.
“Well, not really,” she answered. “We have your kids. Thank God for all of you.”
While the family looked forward to the future, Steve and Lee sat in a rented car, eating burgers at a drive-in.
“I still can’t believe what happened, Stevie,” Lee said, thrilled Kelly had smashed into Steve’s crappy old truck with her father’s Mercedes.
He nodded in agreement.
“Me either. Kelly must have lost it.” 
Digging through her ever-present giant bag, she passed a business card over to Steve.
“What’s this?” Steve asked.
“Lawyers. Jacoby and Sons. Auto accidents, falls, workman’s compensation. You call. You get money from Kelly Boyd’s insurance.”
Bristling, Steve quickly handed the card back, wishing he had the hand sanitizer he’d left in his smashed truck.
“No, thank you,” he said. “We have the same insurance company. I’d be suing myself.”
“Don’t waste time, Stevie,” she warned, shuffling more business cards. “You need a good divorce lawyer.”
Refusing her card this time, Steve watched Lee tilt her head and smile with her almond eyes at half-mast, a glimmer of the real Lee. Lee the manipulator, Lee the cunning seductress.
“Do you want to get married?” he asked, pushing her bag on the floor and pulling her to him. “I like this car. We’re closer together.”
“We can’t live in the ugly hotel if we get married,” she said. “We need a house.”
“Didn’t you and Baker have a house together?”
“Yes, but I don’t want to sell it,” she said. “It’s for my old age.”
“But if we get married, you’ll live with me when you’re old.”
Steve didn’t have the heart to remind her that she was already old.
Laughing and slapping her leg, the realization that she wouldn’t need a house in Chicago if Steve married her came over her. “I’d like to have house with you, Stevie.” 
“I always wanted a vegetable garden,” Steve said.
“Why didn’t you have one, then?” Lee asked.
“Because Kelly beat me to it,” he answered, ashamed. “It never occurred to me to go outside and help her with it. I cut the grass, and she did the garden.”
“Silly,” Lee said, shaking her head. “You miss out on fun that way, Stevie.”
“Yep, I guess I did. But now I’m ready to have a house with you, with a big garden.”
“I garden,” she said. “I do the best garden in my street.”
“We’ll garden together,” he said. “I’d like that a lot.”
Not having far to reach in the small car, Steve hugged her, resting his cheek on top of her head.
“I’m so happy,” he said, his voice quavering. “I never thought I’d be this happy.”
“Aw, Stevie Boyd,” Lee crooned. “We have to get a house before Tet so I can prepare for the holiday.”
“That’s not until next year,” Steve said. “I remember it being in February.”
“This year it in January. I have to be in my house by the twelfth month though,” she said. “Give me time to make a nice altar and prepare for the Kitchen God to go to heaven. He report to the Jade Emperor about what happened to my family this year.”
A man of little faith, Steve didn’t think any report on the family would bode well with the Jade Emperor or any god or goddess. To appease his guilt, Steve would make Lee an altar if she wanted it, getting use out of his fancy woodshop in the garage.
“Can I build you an altar?”
“Yes, if you know how to work with the wood,” she answered.
“I have a woodshop in my garage at home,” he said. “When we get our own home, I’ll bring all my tools over.”
“We better hurry, because the Kitchen Gods leave on the twenty-third,” Lee said. “We don’t got much time.”

Exhausted after doing his weekly rotation in the city health clinic seeing children with bone deformities all day, Titan Baker waited in the driveway for the garage door to go up, ducking down to look at the picture window in the front of his brownstone. His wife, Jean, watched and waited for him with a smile. Waving to her, he straightened up and drove into the garage.
Gathering his briefcase and jacket from the backseat, Titan approached the house, the full-time caregiver necessary for Jean in these last weeks waiting for him at the door.
“How’d she do today?” he asked, hoping for a good report.
“Welcome home,” she said, measuring her words. “Let me take your jacket.”
Reluctantly, he gave up his items, already aware it was a stall tactic she employed, a form of therapeutic communication. So he bided his time, realizing she’d get around to whatever was bothering her in the seconds before he’d greet his wife.
“You’ll need someone at night soon,” she said. “Unless you plan on waking hourly to change her position. Her hips are starting to break down.”
“Can you arrange it?” he asked.
As much as Titan wanted to care for Jean, during the week he had to get sleep, or before long, he’d be unable to work.
“Of course,” she said. “Come say hi to Jean.”
It was unnecessary for her to lead him to the living room, but again, Titan knew it was just her style.
“There’s my girl,” he said, going right to Jean.
She was tied into her wheelchair with a restraint; its purpose to keep her safe and upright in the chair. Tremors and muscle spasms rocked her body as she watched Titan come to her, kneeling down. Jean had been unable to speak much for the last few days, and the fear that she was not just in a flare, but declining this fast scared him to death. Maybe he should forget about making money and take a leave of absence to care for her. Trying to raise her hand to his cheek, she was barely able to speak.
“Titan.”
Biting back tears, he put his arms around her to embrace her.
“Are you getting tired of sitting up?”
An attempt at a nod, rolling her eyes as if to indicate yes, Jean leaned back with her head against the chair. She was exhausted, waiting for him to get home, and now that he was home, she just wanted to get into bed and lie there with him.
An electric lift installed on the staircase to the second floor made it possible for Jean to leave the bedroom during the day. On the weekdays when she was home alone with the nurse, it was too difficult for the nurse to get her in and out of bed alone, now that she was unable to help. Once Titan helped get her up, she had to stay up until the evening.
Tonight, Titan helped get Jean into her hospital bed, but as soon as the nurse left at seven, he went back to the room. Awake, Jean was watching for him.
“Do you want to sleep with me tonight?” he asked.
It would be the last night they’d be alone, and he was afraid, the last night he’d be able to make love to his wife.
Her Tremors aggravated by her attempts to communicate with him, she blinked her eyes, and then murmured a long, low, “Yes.”
Putting the side rail down, he lifted her as gently as he could and put her into the bed, on her old side, propping pillows behind her back, tucking the sheet around her body so she wouldn’t fall out of bed.
Walking to their closet, he began to undress for bed, and the familiar act - his wife waiting in bed, him taking his clothes off - brought on a torrent of sadness and he started to cry. Throwing his clothes over a chair, he went into the bathroom and brushed his teeth.
Waiting for him to come to bed, aware that they were going to make love, that it might be the last time, Jean watched him, still thinking he was the handsomest man she’d ever seen. A tear fell onto her cheek.
Slipping under the sheets, he moved next to her, and again, with great effort, she tried to hold him.
“Jean, I love you so much,” he cried, rubbing her back, kissing her neck.
Looking up at her, he could see she was trying desperately to talk to him.
“Save your strength,” he begged, it heartbreaking to see her struggling.
She shook her head; he waited. Watching her mouth moving, he put his ear close to her and heard her say, “I love you, too.”
The next morning, after getting Jean back in her own bed, Titan went down to the kitchen to get toast and coffee and bring Jean yogurt, which he’d feed her while having a one-sided conversation. Frowning if what he said was sad, Jean would try to smile at him if what he said made her happy. This morning, he decided to tell her about Lee and Steve, and he could tell Jean was shocked, trying to shake her head.
The caregiver got there at eight, informing Titan that there would be a night nurse coming in at eleven that night. The couple would be alone for a few hours each night before bedtime. Rather than having the hospital bed moved out of their bedroom, Titan would sleep in the guest room so Jean could be comfortable around her personal things.
He helped the nurse get Jean up, and he would be back at noon to put her back into bed. It was too difficult for her to stay up all day now.
“I’ll see you later,” he whispered before he left. “Thank you for last night.”
Closing her eyes, Jean smiled and tried to lift her hand to his face again, but the strength it took just wasn’t available.
“Okay, so long, everyone,” he said, and left for his office.
On the way downtown, his phone rang; it was Lee.
“Well, Mother, how is everything?” he asked. “How’s Steve doing?”
“Ask me one question at a time,” Lee said. “How is everything first. Everything is okay. Not great, but okay. Kelly Boyd crashed into Stevie’s truck, but that good! Now he get new truck.”
“How on earth did that come about?” he asked.
Embellishing the truth, Lee gave her son the exaggerated story of a crazed soon-to-be ex-wife who tried to kill them with her car.
“Well, that’s not so good,” he said, figuring she’d probably inflated the story for more drama.
“But it good to get rid of that truck!”
“Okay, that’s one good thing,” Titan replied, smiling. “What’s next?”
“Stevie proposed,” she said.
“Mother, isn’t he still married?” Titan asked, worried.
No wonder the wife was bashing into her husband and his girlfriend.
“Kelly Boyd let him go,” Lee said. “She let her children disrespect him at dinner. They don’t like him.”
“I’m sure that can’t be true,” he said, figuring it was probably Lee they didn’t like, and it made him sad that his mother was putting herself in that position. “How’d you happen to be at their house for dinner? It doesn’t seem like the wife would feed you and then she’d try to kill you.”
Listening to her chatter for the next five minutes, he cringed, worrying about his mother destroying lives. Since his own life was crumbling, he couldn’t worry about her for long.
Finally, after she yammered on, she asked about Jean. “How’s Jeanie? I not there to help you,” she said, her voice sad.
“I have nurses there,” he said. “Starting tonight, day and night. Jean’s not good, Mom. If you want to see her again, maybe you’d better come home for the weekend.”
“Oh no. Poor Titan,” Lee said, beginning to weep. “I ask Stevie to bring me home tonight.”
Relieved, Titan thanked her. Lee taking over when she was at the house gave Titan a break from the constant pressure of work and caring for Jean. Even with the nurses there, he couldn’t turn his back on his wife.
“She’ll be so happy you’re there,” Titan said.
That night, as soon as Steve came back to the hotel from work, Lee was waiting with their clothes packed.
“You too tired to take me to Chicago tonight? Titan needs me there. He say Jean not doing so good.”
When Lee started to cry, Steve held her until she calmed down.
“We can stop for dinner on the way,” he said. “Titan’s wife is getting worse?”
Repeating what Titan said about seeing Jean before it was too late, Lee’s need to get home was a priority for Steve. Loading the rental car with their belongings, it didn’t take long for their love nest to revert to a sterile hotel room.
“I checked us out of the hotel for the weekend,” he said. “It’ll save a few dollars. We can get our own apartment next week.”
Holding her hand, he led her to the parking lot.
“I’d rather have a house,” she said, frowning.
Arm around her shoulder, Steve hugged her.
“In time we’ll have a wonderful house,” Steve promised. “We can get a nice apartment on the river, with a pool for next summer. Wouldn’t you like that?”
“I never thought of a pool,” she replied. “What about a yard?”
“I’ll make sure it has at least a terrace for you,” he said. “You can grow things in containers.”
“I like your house with Kelly Boyd,” she said, smug. “You should tell her to move.”
“You don’t want that house,” Steve insisted, holding the door for her. “Any house we get will be better than that because we’ll be together.”
Grabbing her hand, he pulled it to his lips to kiss just as Lisa drove by on her way home from work. Not able to remember a time in which she’d observed Steve showing Kelly any affection, sadness crept in as Lisa slowed the car down. Watching her father looming over the tiny older woman and witnessing the loving affection he was pouring on her smacked Lisa in the heart and she started to sob. Pulling to the curb, she quickly keyed in Ben’s number.
“Are you eating dinner?” she asked when he answered.
“Not yet,” he said. “Liz is resting. The baby was a handful today. What’s going on?”
Pouring out her anguish to her twin, Lisa said things she’d always feared were true but never put into words. Her father didn’t love Kelly and probably didn’t love any of the children he had with Kelly.
“Was this at the hotel?”
“Yes,” she said. “It looks like they’re moving out because the trunk was open, filled with suitcases.”
“You should have seen him, Bennie. He was positively glowing with love for her. It made me sick!”
“Calm down,” Ben said, weary. “It stands to reason that if he is going to walk away from marriage to our mother, it must be for a good reason. Go home and I’ll be over in an hour to walk with you. We might be pushing a baby carriage tonight.”
“That’s fine,” she said, blowing her nose.
After they hung up, Ben stared at his phone. Thumbing through the contacts, he came to DAD. Pushing the button, Steve’s number popped up and started to ring.
In the process of putting his seat belt on, Steve dug his phone out of his pocket and looked at the face.
“It’s my son. Ben.”
Ignoring the call, Steve put the phone down.
“Aren’t you going to answer it?” Lee asked. “Always take calls from your children, Stevie.”
Resigned that he wasn’t going to be able to run from his family, he nodded and pushed the Talk button.
“What is it, Ben?” Steve said, surprising Lee and Ben with the sharp tone. “We’re just leaving for Chicago.”
“Sorry, Dad,” he said, not sorry at all. “Lisa saw you with a trunk full of suitcases, kissing Lee. We were just wondering what the hell was up.”
Shocking himself that he got right to the point with his father, Ben decided at that moment that the only way to survive this was to be honest about everything. Beating around the proverbial bush to make Steve comfortable was not going to work any longer.
Ben’s brutal honesty brought Steve back down to reality.
“Titan talked to Lee today and his wife is not doing well. He asked us to come, so we’re headed out that way now.”
“Oh, well, I’m so sorry about Titan’s wife,” Ben said, humbled.
“Is there anything else?” Steve asked.
“Dad, we think you’re suffering from PSTD. Do you know what that is?”
“I don’t believe in any of that malarkey,” Steve said. “Save it for your mother.”
“Dad, it’s documented. Post traumatic stress disorder. It’s a real, recognized psychiatric disorder. Even your pipefitter’s union has coverage for it,” he said with disdain. “Before you leave Mom, think about at least talking to someone.”
“Ben, thanks so much for your concern. I’m hanging up now.”
And he did.
Staring at his phone, Ben wasn’t exactly surprised Steve hung up on him, but he was hurt. Thumbing through his recent calls, he saw the number he’d called to talk to Titan and pressed the call button.
“Hi, can you put me through to Dr. Baker?” Ben asked when the call was answered.
This time he’d get numbers. When Titan picked up, Ben immediately apologized for calling the service again.
“I’ll give you all my numbers before we hang up,” Titan said. “Is everything okay?”
“It’s okay here, but I just talked to my dad, and he said your wife wasn’t doing well and that he and Lee are on their way to Chicago. I wanted to see if I could help in anyway.”
Unexpectedly, after a brief pause, Titan started crying. “Forgive me,” he said, unable to control his emotions. “It’s so sad. She’s at the end. This condition affects the nerves, and now it’s affecting the nerves to her diaphragm. Her breathing is irregular and she’s struggling for breath.”
“I’m so sorry,” Ben said.
If Titan and his wife were nearby, Ben was sure the whole family would be there, helping him. But it wasn’t to be.
“Is there anything we can do?”
“No, not really,” he said, thinking life goes on for everyone even if a beloved spouse was dying. “I’ll be with her all weekend. I’m taking a leave of absence starting next week. It’s not going to be easy because this is a business Jean and I started together.”
“I can’t imagine what you’re going through,” Ben replied, Liz’s death unimaginable. “My mother and brother are nurses, so if you need any help, just let us know.”
Although it was ridiculous of him to offer the help of others, Ben knew that his mother would drop everything to help a person in need. Even the wife of her husband’s bastard son.
Biting back a snivel, Ben quickly said goodbye and hung up on the call, hooting laughing, slapping his knee, and then breaking down in tears, chest heaving, miserable.
“Ben, what happened?” Liz said, coming out from the bedroom. “What is it?”
“My brother’s wife, my new brother’s wife, that is, is dying. What a fucked-up situation.” Looking up at her, he shook his head. “I woke you. I’m sorry.”
“No, you didn’t,” she said. “I’m so sad. We don’t know them, but we do, you know?”
“Yes,” Ben said. “I know exactly what you mean. I wish there was something we could do.”
“Like what? You really can’t help him with her care.”
“I know. I feel like reaching out to my dad in some way. I talked to him on the phone and he was his usual, unpleasant self.”
“Aw, the little boy reaching out for Dad?”
Ben looked at Liz and nodded. “Pathetic. But I’m my mother’s son,” he replied. “Maybe I’ll call her. Maybe it’s my mother I should be offering help to.”
Wrapping her arms around Ben, Liz felt sorry for him, but there wasn’t anything Ben could do for his father or his half brother. Ben’s family could suck the life out of a cactus.
“Aren’t you walking with Lisa tonight? That’s an act of love for your family, Ben. I’m sure Kelly is grateful for your unremitting love for your sister.”
“Yes, we’re walking. She saw my dad kissing his new girlfriend this evening, so she’s probably eating a loaf of bread right now.”
“Oh, not so good,” Liz said, sorry for Lisa and aware of her many struggles. “I’m glad you’re helping her.”
Before she and Ben married, Liz knew that his relationship with his twin sister was entangled, but the time he spent with Lisa seemed to enhance the time Liz and Ben spent together, so she had never resented it.
“I’ll take the baby with me. She’ll benefit from fresh night air.”
Clapping her hands, Liz smiled. “Oh, goody. I’ll take a nice bath while you’re gone. She’s awake, fussing in her crib, but these breasts don’t have another drop of milk to give her. Take a bottle of milk I pumped along in case she starts to wail.”
Within the hour, Ben was on his way to Lisa’s house, baby Nicole in her little car seat, with the expensive jogging stroller Lisa had bought them for a baby gift folded up in the back. As he parked in Lisa’s driveway, she was waiting once again in new spandex jogging clothes, and bright new sneakers.
“You look so athletic!” he called out, getting out of the car.
“All the better to fool you,” she said, morose.
When he opened the door in back, Lisa realized they weren’t going to be walking alone, and it immediately brightened her evening.
“Oh, you did bring the baby!” she exclaimed.
Hopping off the step, she ran to the car to help.
“This will be fun,” she said, looking in the window at Nicole, who had her fist crammed in her mouth.
“I don’t know why, but I hope you’re right,” he replied, dubious. “I wanted to bring her because I can’t justify leaving my wife alone with her one more evening. Our family is demanding too much of my attention these days.”
“I’m sorry, Bennie. Liz is really a saint,” she said, taking the baby from him.
“We have the big stroller tonight,” he said.
“Oh, is that right! I bought it with just this in mind! That we’d start running through town like those smart, in-shape yuppies we see.”
“I’m not sure that term is even used anymore,” Ben said, laughing. “But I know what you mean.”
Getting the stroller out of the car and setting it up took a few minutes, but strapping the baby in was more challenging. When they were confident she was inside securely, they started walking.
“This is nice,” Lisa said, holding on to the handle.
“Pushing the stroller is helping us stay at a good pace,” Ben said.
“Let’s walk to the park,” Lisa said. “We have another hour of daylight, so it should be okay.”
For the next forty minutes, they walked through the park and back into town, past the café where Reggie worked with open-air seating, and a drive-in restaurant with curbside service, carhops dashing back and forth, bringing food to diners.
“We don’t have many more nights like this before it will be too cold to sit outside,” Ben said, thinking he’d invite Liz to have after-dinner coffee with him at the café that weekend.
It was dark by the time they returned to Lisa’s house. “That was the best walk yet,” she said. “I feel like it’s something I could do every night. Tomorrow I’ll come to your house so you don’t have to lug everything over here.”
“That works,” he said, unstrapping baby Nicole, who had been wide awake for the last half hour and didn’t make a peep.
“I hope she sleeps for you tonight,” Lisa said, taking the baby so Ben could fold up the stroller.
“Me too. Get inside now and lock the door,” he said, taking the baby from her to buckle in the seat. “I’ll call you later.”
Giving him a peck on the cheek, Lisa walked up the driveway to her apartment under the watchful eye of her brother, who didn’t drive off until he was sure she was safe.
Chapter 10
Feeling high from their walk around town, Lisa’s plan for a foray into the kitchen to get a snack wasn’t the first thing on her mind, as it usually was. Looking at the clock, she’d call her mother instead.
Stripping off her sweaty athletic wear, she took a quick shower, getting into sweatpants. Grabbing her phone, she lay on the bed, her back up against the pillows. Kelly answered after the first ring.
“Hi, honey, how are you doing? How was work today?”
Launching into a brief rundown of her day before divulging Lee and Steve’s romantic moment in the parking lot of the Clock Hotel, Lisa wanted to get the pleasantries out of the way so she could tell her mother what Steve was up to.
“Now you tell me about your day,” Lisa said. “How’s everything going at the hospital?”
“Well, I took a leave of absence. Family leave, they call it now.”
“Mother, I’m stunned,” Lisa said. “I don’t think I’ve ever known you to take a sick day, let alone a leave.”
“Saved up all that time for this, I guess,” she said. “I have about six months’ worth of paid time off banked that they legally have to give me. It’s more like two years, but I lost most of it.”
“Will you go back then?”
“No, I don’t think I’m going to. It’ll be too painful to have to explain to everyone that at my age, my husband left me for another woman. It’s my pride, I guess. But also, I want to start enjoying my life. Karen and I are talking about moving to Algonac next summer.”
“You mean leave us?” Lisa asked, uncertain if she was ready to let go of her mother, too.
“Just for the summer,” Kelly said. “Then you can all join us on your vacations.”
“Whew! You had me worried there for a minute. I guess it’s time to stop taking my mother for granted.”
“I don’t feel taken for granted at all, at least not by my children,” Kelly said.
“Mom, I have something to tell you,” Lisa said, feeling her way carefully.
Not sure if this would be welcome news or more heartbreak for her mother, she’d stop if Kelly asked her to.
“Oh, well, go ahead.”
“It’s about Dad,” she replied. “Should I go on?”
“I suppose so,” Kelly answered. “What more can there be?”
“Not much, except he took Lee to Chicago tonight, for the weekend. Ben and I thought you should know in case you needed Dad for anything.”
Not replying right away, Kelly thought about the night her father died, how Karen had called in a hysterical state of mind and needed Kelly to come to the hospital so she wouldn’t be alone with him. Steve refused to drive her, saying he didn’t know what the big deal was. “Just drive, already,” he’d said.
Or when she went into labor with Alice, she couldn’t find him; he didn’t answer his pages at work, so she had her neighbor drive her to the hospital. Steve didn’t show up at the hospital until an hour after Alice’s birth.
“How’d a trip to Chicago come about?” Kelly asked, her voice soft, calm, false, the knowledge that she and Steve hadn’t left Dearborn together in twenty years making the news hurt that much more.
“Evidently, Titan’s wife is in the end stages of MS, and he called Lee to tell her that if she wanted to see his wife alive, she’d better come now.”
“Oh, how sad,” Kelly said, emotions welling up. “Poor Titan. It’s weird, but I feel a sense of, I don’t even know how to describe it. Kinship, almost.”
“Mother, Ben and I said the exact same thing. But the truth is we can’t do anything for Titan and his wife or for Lee, or even Dad for that matter.”
Closing her eyes, listening to Lisa talk, Kelly understood that what her daughter said was so true. Why did it take this heartbreak for her to accept that she wasn’t going to change Steve, ever? All that wasted time, hoping he’d see the light.

About the same time Ben arrived home after dropping Lisa off, Steve and Lee pulled into a Burger King right off the interstate in Kalamazoo.
“Do you want to go inside?” Steve asked.
“No, let’s go through the drive-thru,” Lee answered. “I want to hurry.”
After picking up their dinner, he pulled into a parking space that overlooked the street.
“When we do things like this, I pretend we’re teenagers, eating at a drive-in restaurant like they had in the old days.”
“Baker used to take me to drive-ins,” Lee said. “But I didn’t like that. I wanted to go to a real restaurant.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Lee,” Steve said, handing her a burger in a box. “I’ll take you to a restaurant tomorrow.”
“No, I like what we do. We busy tonight, so this is good. I didn’t mean now. I meant then. Baker was lazybones,” she said, a sneer on her face. “He liked fast food and TV.”
Confused, Steve thought that was exactly what Lee liked, but let it pass. It was easy for him to be close to Lee in the newness of their relationship; Steve was patient with her as he had never been with anyone else before. She felt strongly about certain things, but once she voiced her opinion, that was it. Unlike Kelly, who’d hint and manipulate him to get what she wanted, Lee came right out and told him. They ate in silence, watching the cars come and go, and suddenly, Steve had a flash of heat; didn’t Ted Baker just die?
“What happened to Ted?” Steve asked, hoping the question wouldn’t upset Lee.
“He die,” she said.
“I know that. But what did he die of?” Steve asked.
“He got fat. I beg him every day, ‘Watch what you eat; you eat too much.’ But he don’t listen to me. I make good Vietnamese food. Lots of vegetables.”
She pronounced vegetables, bedgtibles. Steve struggled with her criticism of the dead man for a moment, and then he understood she was angry that he’d ignored her warnings.
“Baker have all his weight here,” she said, patting her stomach. “All that fat close to his heart. Not good.”
“Did he have a heart attack?”
“Yes, a heart attack. On my kitchen floor.”
“I’m so sorry!” Steve said, appalled. “How long ago did it happen?”
“Right after New Year,” she answered. “Right after Tet.”
“This year?” Steve asked, stunned.
Ted Baker wasn’t even dead a year yet. Guilt over being with the dead man’s wife surged through Steve. It didn’t feel right, being disrespectful to a fellow soldier - forgetting his own alive wife was just three hours away.
“Why’d you tell Titan about me? I mean, it wouldn’t have made any difference if you’d allowed him to go on thinking Ted was his father.”
“I wanted him to find you,” she said simply. “I don’t know how to use the computer.”
“But wasn’t Titan upset?”
“Why you ask so many questions?” she asked. “Let’s get going. We still have a couple hours to Chicago.”
Gathering up their trash, Steve’s mind was running fast. Not normally a stewer, something bothered him about the speed with which Lee had pursued him after Ted Baker had died. Not wanting to upset her, he’d be careful questioning her since it was clear she’d already had enough. However, she refused to talk about it for the remainder of the trip no matter how he approached her.
Not the most astute man, Steve knew enough about human nature to realize questioning Titan about the timing of the search for Steve while his wife was on her deathbed might not be wise, as well. He’d evaluate the situation further when they arrived in Illinois.
They arrived in Chicago after midnight due to getting lost once they crossed the city limits; the Friday night traffic going into the city was horrendous. Staying calm in spite of it, Steve parked the car a block over from Lee’s house. With no off-street parking available at her house, and the street packed with parked cars, he’d have to make trips to unload the car. A little annoyed at it - a little comparison to his comfortable bungalow with abundant parking - Steve bit his tongue to keep from complaining, exhaustion and frustration not a good combination for healthy communication with Lee. If the luckless Kelly had been responsible for his inconvenience, he wouldn’t have hesitated to let her have it verbally, another indication that Lee was the right woman for him.
Once he moved all the bags from the trunk to the porch, he started hauling everything inside. For some reason, Steve had assumed Ted Baker’s house would be a fabulous urban oasis, unattainable for someone like Steve Boyd. Discovering it was simply a workingman’s house in a middle-class neighborhood increased Steve’s self-confidence.
The interior of the modest brick home was even more surprising; neat as a pin, the place was just the wrong side of cluttered, knickknacks from Southeast Asia abounding. Recognizing mementos of Vietnam, he found it comforting rather than discombobulating. Focusing on their past was the perfect present atmosphere to share with Lee.
“Wow, this is exactly the right house for you,” he said, looking around.
In the living room, all the furniture was covered with heavy clear plastic that was beginning to yellow. More treasures from her homeland decorated the tables and shelves, things he remembered seeing in the village markets, handcrafted mementos and souvenirs.
“Do you like it?” she asked, smiling.
“Very much. It’s perfect for you,” he said.
“House of Kelly Boyd too plain,” she said, smug.
“Don’t worry about Kelly,” Steve replied, pulling her close again.
“Stevie, you hug me too much,” she said, squirming away. “I put these bags away now.”
But Steve just laughed her off, knowing she expected pursuit if he wanted her attention.
“Let’s go to bed,” he murmured in her ear.
The long weekend began with love in Ted Baker’s former bed, the bags forgotten.
***
The harvest moon casting eerie shadows across their bedroom, Liz Boyd was wide awake. The few hours of respite she had that evening - owed to Ben and Lisa pushing baby Nicole around town - had worked its magic and the baby was sound asleep. Lying in the bed with her hands folded across her stomach, looking up at the ceiling, worries for her husband’s family, now her own, filled her mind. Karen was like a mother to her, and after going through Eve’s death by Karen’s side, she felt the pain Karen was feeling, watching her twin sister through the devastation of infidelity.
“Ben, are you awake?” she whispered.
“No,” he moaned. “Well, now I am. Why aren’t you asleep? Your daughter is out cold and you should be, too.”
“I’m worried about the family,” she said, rolling over to face him. “And I’m sorry I woke you. I feel like we have to do something for your mother.”
“The only thing we can do is be available to her,” he said. “She claims there’s nothing to do for her now, but things are going to get worse before they get better.”
“Ugh. Why do you say that?”
“Well, Lee has liver cancer. Steve didn’t come out and say it, but I had the feeling that he feels obligated to care for her. Those were his words. ‘She was there for me when I needed her. I want to be there for her.’”
“Oh, wow. I wonder if your mother knows,” she replied, yawning.
“I don’t know. She clammed up like a shell when I tried to talk to her.”
Lying on his back, it was Ben’s turn to watch the lights play on the ceiling. Liz’s steady breathing was a clue that she’d fallen asleep, but Ben had absorbed her worry. He wouldn’t be able to sleep for the next hour, thinking about his family, hoping Lisa had made it through the night without feasting, that his mother wasn’t lonely and miserable, even that his dad and Lee had made it safely to Chicago.
“Thanks, Liz,” he whispered.
***
Saturday morning, Kelly brought a cup of coffee back to bed. A lazy, peaceful feeling permeated every cell of her being. The house was clean; that Friday night cleaning spree had persisted, especially after hearing that Steve and Lee were going away for the weekend. What would it be like for him to miss an entire weekend of television watching? Maybe he’d watch it at Lee’s house. But she didn’t think so. She saw Steve in the thick of the sickroom activities, helping Lee and Titan take care of Titan’s wife, running errands for them, even carrying the sick woman to the bathroom; not very likely, but in a fantasy, anything is possible.
Flipping to a scene from the past, she thought of poor Karen, the anguish of losing her life partner, Eve, and Steve never crossing the threshold of the apartment or acknowledging her grief. He didn’t go to the funeral or offer his condolences. Why’d everyone let him get away with it? Why did she?
Sipping coffee, she pushed the curtain aside to look out the window; snow had fallen in the night and now the sun was shining bright. Why’d they let Steve get away with ignoring the family? He was so selfish, and in time, Kelly began to believe the excuses she made for him until it was no longer an issue that his rude, apathetic behavior was better off left at home, in the basement, where it couldn’t hurt anyone.
Suddenly, a wave of guilt flowed over her. She shared the responsibility for their misery; if she’d insisted he get help, he might have left her long ago, but the disastrous influence he had on everyone would have been minimized, and he might have actually found happiness much sooner than this. Yes, she knew her pride and stubbornness were to blame, just as much as his untreated depression, and it hurt, his lack of love. Shaking her head, it wasn’t lack of love. He didn’t love her, period. Absence of love.
The weekend stretched out ahead of her with no concern about Steve. She could come and go as she always did, but he wouldn’t be holed up in the cellar, like a mole. Checking the time, it wasn’t too early to call Karen, who answered on the first ring.
“Are we having breakfast together today?” she asked.
“You aren’t going to believe this, but I have a date for coffee,” Karen replied. “And I didn’t have to go to the lesbian dating service to get it.”
A brief flood of disappointment washed over Kelly, who’d never make plans on a Saturday morning because of the longstanding breakfast date with Karen. Maybe she was overly sensitive because of Steve’s departure, so she reeled her emotions in.
“Who? What? When?” Kelly asked, determined to support Karen. “How exciting!”
“Your daughter’s partner actually introduced us over the phone last night. She’s a friend of Maxine’s. Another cop. Younger than me by twenty years, but she’s a dog lover and doesn’t have any hobbies but reading. That sounds like a match made in heaven.”
“I’m so excited! Call me as soon as you can. I guess I’ll run, and then I’m cleaning out the man-cave.”
“Maybe you should wait,” Karen said, worried her sister might be jumping the gun.
“For what? He’s in Chicago with his girlfriend for the weekend. If that’s not a swan song for a marriage, I don’t know what is.”
“Okay, well, you’ve got a point. I’ll help you carry that horrible recliner out to the curb when I get home.”
“I’ll encourage him to take it to Lee’s house. It will be my one contribution.”
“Ha! You are wicked, my twin. Talk to you later!”
Karen’s exciting plans did not inspire Kelly. The few minutes of joy having coffee in bed should have given her were quickly ruined by her negative thoughts, feeling sorry for herself that everyone had someone, and she was all alone. The very act of thinking positively was what had made all of those years with Steve possible. But it had been different because he was there, in the basement.
That morning, just one week after Titan had appeared on her doorstep, she made a decision to try to continue to look at the positive, at least for that day. Although her pride had taken a beating, she wasn’t going to let Steve’s abandonment ruin her life. It was never an option anyway, because he didn’t have that much control over their life together.
Taking her empty coffee cup back into the kitchen, she didn’t realize she was chanting a little prayer, thinking of Steve, and then of Lee, somewhere in Chicago. Protect them, protect them, protect them.
Chapter 11
The plane was full of boys, skinny, a few with acne, most of them right out of high school. For Private Augustus Boyd, after four months in basic training and a few more doing combat training, this was his second plane ride, and he was excited. As he sat back in the seat with his eyes closed, the relief he felt after the scene his wife and mother had made at the airport was indescribable. Although he was afraid of war, the departure from his family was welcome and diminished some of the terror of dying.
The first stop, Fairbanks, Alaska. The commercial jet had to refuel, so passengers were free to get off the plane and walk around the airport. After the Detroit airport with its restaurants and shops, Steve was disappointed, even with the gigantic stuffed polar bears posted on either side of the entrance.
“What did you expect? Eskimos?” his father had asked.
The next stop was in Japan; that airport Steve found even more disappointing. The last leg of the trip, the chatter among the men as they played cards and watched a movie was deafening. Then the pilot made his announcement as they floated above the China Sea.
“We’ll be landing in Saigon in five minutes,” he said. “Welcome to Vietnam.”
Silence settled over the plane as dread filled the hearts of its passengers. Steve stretched over to look out the window, surprised to see the lights of an urban area below. It wasn’t until that second that real fear spread through him, all cocky thoughts of his wife as a ball and chain - a phrase he’d just uttered not an hour earlier banished - and he longed to be home with her, getting into bed to watch the eleven o’clock news and Johnny Carson.
Disembarking in retrospect had been done in an orderly fashion, but at the time, Steve and the other young soldiers were panicked, trying to listen for their names being called, worried about becoming separated from their group, and following directions.
Led to a makeshift dining hall set up for US troops, a meal of grilled steak, rice, canned fruit cocktail and wilted lettuce with oily dressing awaited. One soldier grimaced and asked while holding up a lettuce leaf, “What is this crap?”
“Eat it and enjoy it,” their leader said. “It will be the last time you get anything fresh for a year.”
After they ate, another man in uniform came to Steve’s group telling them it was time to go. When they left the air-conditioned airport, the atmosphere socked Steve in the face, heat suffocating him, sweat and grime dripping into his eyes as he juggled his duffle bag, and followed the guy in charge, who was leading them to what appeared to be the flight line. The screeching of jet brakes as planes landed and the scream of engines as they took off were deafening.
“This is your hooch,” he yelled, pointing at Steve.
The small group looked on in dismay. Having heard the word during their introduction to Vietnamese speech, the hooch was a small structure, less than eight by four feet, made of sandbags and covered with a tarp. The hooch was big enough for one cot. Steve would spend the night alone, terrified.
Although they were in the city, where they’d been told there was no fighting, the sounds of mortars and rapid sequence firing mixed with the flight line noise and voices shouting kept him awake all night.
And the mosquitos - the mosquitos made such a huge impression on Steve, after the experience, he’d slathered his children with bug repellent before allowing them to go out in the yard in summer, one of his few caring deeds toward them.
The next morning, his arms and face were swollen with bites. The sun wasn’t fully at the horizon when the leader came to wake the men. Their group gathered at the flight line, and before long, a small prop plane landed and taxied closer to them.
“This plane is especially for you,” they were told. “Goin’ to your new home.”
Walking across the scorched pavement to the small plane, Steve felt sick. Tired, dirty and hungry, he couldn’t imagine what the next hours would bring. During the short flight to the base, he’d think of Kelly for the first time in over twenty-four hours.
Closing his eyes, he avoided the images of her naked, especially when she was pregnant with the beginning of a belly showing. She was so proud of it, too; that was something he couldn’t understand. It was almost obscene, the protuberance that shifted with the movements of the fetus. He referred to it as a fetus, not the baby or his baby.
“Look!” she’d say, arms stretched out at her sides.
His response, diverting his eyes, trying to be kind; “Aren’t you going to get cold?”
Lamaze was in vogue at the time, a new, safe way to have a baby, and Steve refused to participate in any way with the birth, egged on by his father, who spurned such things as unmanly. Refusing to have sex with her once she started to show initiated another lifelong pattern; Kelly sniveling next to him in bed while he ignored her, falling right to sleep.
Instead, he’d think of her during those last hours of his leave before going overseas, hovering, bringing him food, trying to serve him, to take care of him. Wanting to be left alone, he finally exploded.
“Jesus Christ! Back off, Kelly. This is my last chance to relax, and you won’t leave me alone! Leave me alone!”
Wishing he could sleep on the couch, he forced himself to stay next to her in bed, but he didn’t touch her. The next morning, Major Dailey offered to take him to the airport, and as much as Steve despised his father-in-law, he took him up on it, hoping his presence would help his wife and mother keep some dignity. It was hopeless, his mother and Kelly crying and hanging on him, baby Augie even looking confused.
Finally, when it was time to board, the flight attendant took pity on Steve and ushered him on first, calling for all the servicemen to board ahead of the other passengers, which was not something regularly done for the troops during the Vietnam War.
After they landed at the base, Steve suffered from sensory overload, the steaming jungle at the edge of the China Sea unlike anything he’d ever experienced before. The barracks came next, and seeing where he’d spend the next year of his life, his harsh, demanding feelings toward Kelly softened, as his misery led to him feeling empathy for the first time.
A trip through the dispensary came next, where nothing was said about the mosquito bites except you’ll get used to it, and then lunch. The chow hall was in a building separated from the barracks and bathhouse by a concrete wall six feet high. Moving through the gate single file, Steve had found a psychic place he’d return to regularly, referred to as his zone-out, blindly following along, doing whatever he was told, numb, too tired to resist, and no choice but to comply.
The food blurred into two segments: a gray meat in gravy with canned vegetables, and grilled beef. Rice served with every meal would be the culprit of several bouts of food poisoning his barracks endured.
During the early days of his tour, writing Kelly first thing each morning became a ritual that would be the only connection to his life in the States. Everything else that totaled the here and now was Vietnam.
While in this trance, he met Lee Nguyen, who became life for him again. Whatever he did in Vietnam was completely separate from the life of Steve Boyd, husband of Kelly Boyd. The two men were different human beings. Kelly’s husband existed long enough to write her a newsy, rarely emotional letter once a day.
Sergeant Steve Boyd worked on the flight line, played cards, and drank beer with his co-workers, and when Lee was available, went to her hovel outside the base and had sex. The rest of the time, any interaction they had was while he was at the NCO club where she worked, which included a daily sexual encounter somewhere hidden on base.
The few minutes a day spent with Lee, with her simple words and all her focus on Steve, took the edge off his nearly paralyzing fear - attacks on base, mortars whizzing by his head, explosions on the flight line, helicopters coming in with wounded or dead on board.
The physical structures on base, including the flight line made of metal, set his teeth on edge. Even the smells - overwhelmingly of jet fuel, of creosote, of earth and sweat - made his gorge rise. The already thin boy quickly lost weight so that he became a shadow of himself. His fatigues hung on him, the belt around his waist cinched in to keep his pants from falling around his ankles.
Watching the perilous effect his new environment had on him, Lee cooked for Steve, bringing care packages for him on base, having to share with the guards who searched her belongings. Soon, his weight stabilized on the new diet of dumplings and fresh fish and vegetables.
Woven in with the attacks, the dead bodies, the heat and stench, and grueling twelve-hour shifts, Lee staked her claim for part of his free time, and the boy fell in love with her, ignoring the day when he’d have to leave to go back to the States and serve out the rest of his commitment to the armed forces, and to Kelly Boyd.
When the time came, they were inconsolable, clinging to each other, the threat of court-martial the only thing that Steve reacted to. He had to leave her forever.
In his simplicity, Steve never thought of getting her contact information. Lee was in Vietnam, and he would be in Michigan with Kelly.
After their reconciliation, the first night they spent together in the Clock Motel, holding each other close, they talked about that omission.
“We could have written each other every day,” he said. “I was such a dummy.”
“Me too,” Lee said. “I tried to find a way to tell you I was having your baby, but Baker came around after you left, and I was afraid if I asked him for help finding you, when he left, I be stranded. So I lie to him.”
“How’d that happen?” Steve asked, a little jealousy creeping in; he was glad Ted Baker was dead.
“He came around the club, just like you,” she said, not covering up any of the sordidness for his sake.
It was better to get it all out in the open so they could deal with it.
“I had sex with him right away so I could lie about Titan,” she said, ignoring his wince. “It was the only way. The South Army was losing battles with the Vietcong, and the Americans were leaving. He get us out of the country before the fall of Saigon.”
“Wait, you had Titan in Vietnam?” Steve asked, the horror of what it might have been like for her if she’d been forced to stay there, if Ted Baker hadn’t pulled strings or whatever he did to get her and his son out of the country magnified.
“Yes, I had him at the clinic on base,” she said.
Steve was beyond speech. He got out of bed, pacing, running his hands through his hair. He wasn’t a big letter writer, but he did keep in touch with a few men from his company, and no one  had said anything about Lee, in spite of their relationship being very public on base.
“I guess everyone knew you went with Ted immediately after I left,” Steve said. “I’m not judging you; I’m just trying to understand.”
“They all knew,” she said. “Remember, I wanted him to believe it was his child. His baby.”
Watching him pace back and forth, Lee’s anxiety was growing. “Stevie, I knew things were getting bad. We heard the rumors. If Baker didn’t get me and Titan out, we would have died there. He support us for a whole year in Laos. It took that long for my visa to come through.”
He grabbed her hands. “Lee, I am so grateful to Ted Baker. I swear to you, I have no ill will toward him. Our past is past. When I think of what you were going through…who watched baby Titan when you worked?” His concern for Titan contrasted to his apathy about who babysat Kelly’s children.
“Other women with children,” she said. “We watched each other’s kids. It was the way all women did it. You watch my kid, I watch yours. I was lucky because Baker got me and Titan out in time.
“I sent money to my family, money Baker gave me. I have sisters in Houston. There’s a big Vietnamese community there. The weather like Vietnam, too, hot and humid, not like Chicago, where you freeze to death. But Baker live in Chicago, so me and Titan, we live in Chicago.”
The news that she had family in Houston bewildered Steve. He didn’t know anyone outside of a few cousins in Tennessee who didn’t live in Michigan, and now Lee was telling him there were others from Vietnam, people she knew and loved, living in the States.

As often as he could, Steve had visited Lee off base at her mother’s house, a dilapidated hut built along a shallow ravine. The hut was attached to a string of huts that shared a common back wall. Lee’s mother was old by Vietnamese standards, at least sixty, and she looked every year of it. Steve didn’t wonder about her age; he assumed Lee was his age and her mother had a baby late in life.
The town, Qui Nhơn, had been a nice, quaint fishing village before the Americans came. That was the locals’ story. Although they didn’t have to hide Steve when he visited, they didn’t make a production out of it either, whispering, keeping the woven bamboo curtain at the door down. The mother and younger sisters facilitated Steve’s visit when they could, making excuses that they had to go to market, or go down to the river to wash clothes, everyone scrambling so the unmarried daughter could have privacy.
The squalor Lee lived in didn’t register with Steve. He was too young, romanticizing everything about her. During the monsoon, the ravine filled with water; a river of mud, sewage and debris flowed past the door of the hut. Everything was wet - sheets, clothes, the walls dripping. Fungus grew everywhere, even on his feet.
The last time he visited, Vietcong were spotted coming into town. Lee’s mother rushed in from the street. A few words of Vietnamese he understood - Cong, kill, guns - and he got on his feet.
“Up on the roof!” Lee cried, pushing a chair out of the doorway, into the street.
He jumped up on the thatch, Lee directing him to get to the rear of the hut and cover up with more thatch. Petrified, it wasn’t until he heard the rapid staccato of machine-gun fire that he realized he’d left Lee and her mother down below, at the mercy of the enemy. They weren’t looking for civilians, however. In the past, Lee and her mother had treated the soldiers to tea and cake, and were therefore safe as long as the soldiers didn’t see an American uniform. South Vietnamese soldiers were their target, and as luck would have it, an entire detachment sat at a small café that afternoon, taking a rare break and ultimately losing their lives.
When the melee was over, Lee rushed outside with the chair again and called for Steve to get down. The feeling of powerlessness stayed with him long after the experience. He didn’t linger at the hut for much longer that day, weaving his way back to base by sticking close to buildings, staying out of sight whenever possible.
Now, in the comfort of Ted Baker’s modest brick bungalow in the center of Chicago, Steve couldn’t keep his hands off Lee, wanting her close at all times, the memory of longing for her vivid.
“Stevie, you suffocate me!” she complained, pushing him off.
“Get used to it,” he said with rare insistence. “I keep thinking how close we came to never seeing each other again. My mind is made up. I’m retiring. You and I are getting married as soon as my divorce comes through, and I’m never letting you out of my sight again.”
Chapter 12
The sun shone bright, reflecting off the piles of snow, and even sunglasses couldn’t help against the blinding light. In years past, Kelly would be occupied with the needs of her family, but on this morning, there was nothing to interfere. With Karen busy having a coffee date, Kelly was at a loss for what to do. Bundling up against the weather, she wasn’t going to run today. Instead, she’d take her time walking around town.
Approaching the little coffee shop crowded with weekend diners, people enjoyed the sunshine, sitting outside like it was a summer day, as only Michiganders will do. In the past, she’d keep walking, too embarrassed to go in alone and not wanting to embarrass Reggie. Now that was all changed. She was alone for good. Was she going to continue to deny herself pleasure because of pride? It was now or never. Entering the coffee shop, the smells were heady and enticing, and there were several people inside, sitting alone. It wasn’t a big deal, evidently. Getting a cup of coffee and a flaky pastry, she took it back outside and sat in a freezing metal chair. The steam rose from the surface of the coffee as she took a sip. She’d lived in town all her life, yet this wasn’t an experience she’s taken the time to have. Perhaps freedom from all the prior constraints - work, a husband who hated to leave the house, (at least with her,) and her own fears - allowed her to relax.
It was enjoyable sitting there, her mind a blank. The sun came around to the front of the shop, and she actually felt warm. Reluctantly, she got up when it appeared people were waiting for tables. Window-shopping alone, she spent more time gazing at interesting things, no one hurrying her along with their own agendas. Not far from the coffee shop was a used book-store. Hesitating for just a second, it was the kind of place where Kelly would often lose control, stacking piles of books on the counter, having to make trips to the car. Since she was walking today, she’d try to restrain herself. The shop kitty rubbed against Kelly’s legs, purring. She made  her way to the back of the store where the history books resided, her guilty pleasure. Although there were comfortable chairs, she stood, leafing through one dusty book after another.
“Hey! I wondered where you were,” Lisa said.
Kelly looked up, her beautiful daughter smiling at her. “Wow, you look all glowy today!” she said, leaning in for a kiss. “What brings you downtown?”
“I was bored, you weren’t home, and Ben and Liz are headed to her mother’s house, so here I am. What do you have there? I need a new author,” she said, eyes zeroing in on a fiction shelf across the shop.
It was nice; for the next half hour they browsed in companionable silence. Kelly couldn’t help her critique; when Lisa was preoccupied, she took a good look at her daughter’s figure. For all the walking she and Ben did, it didn’t look like she’d lost any weight. Feeling guilty, Kelly knew she’d contributed to the void in the family’s life by placing too much emphasis on food. Lisa, Reggie, and lately, Alice too struggled with their weight. Trying to shake it off, she knew she could place the blame for all her children’s weaknesses on her own shoulders if she wasn’t careful.
“I’m going to take this one,” Lisa said, walking to her mother, reading the description. “‘A raw, sexy thriller.’ That sounds like it’s right up my alley.”
“I might take this, but maybe I won’t,” she said, holding up Walthrum’s Vietnamese Digest. “It’s too late.”
“Why is it too late?” Lisa asked, concerned.
“Dad’s not coming back because I’ve decided to take a sudden interest in Vietnam.”
“Mom, Lee has liver cancer. Dad told Ben, and he told me,” Lisa said, walking to the cash register.
“I know all about it. I had the misfortune of being in the car when she told your father.”
“If she dies, well, you get my point,” Lisa said.
“Honey, he’ll stay with Titan if she dies. Although I’m not ready to announce it to the world, Daddy leaving me might be a gift.”
They paid for their books and left the overheated store, the cold, fresh air intoxicating after the dusty gloom of the bookshop.
“Do you want to have coffee?” Lisa asked, nodding to the café.
“Sure,” Kelly answered. “I was already there today, but I’m ready to make up for lost time.”
“Let’s make this our tradition,” Lisa said. “I have gossip, by the way. Alice told me Aunt had a coffee date with one of Max’s co-workers, and it went so well they’re driving into the city to go to Eastern Market for lunch.”
“She did? I wondered why I didn’t hear from her,” Kelly said, feeling left out.
They took their coffee outside. The crowds had thinned out, the sun back behind the clouds and the temperature dropping.
“Would you take Daddy back if Lee dies?” Lisa asked.
“Lisa, first of all, she doesn’t look that bad, so I doubt she’s going to die soon. Secondly, no, I wouldn’t take him back. He isn’t going to ask to come back. He doesn’t love me.”
Hearing that her father didn’t love Kelly was a sock in the gut. Lisa and the other children always knew there was something missing from their home life, but to put it like that was just brutal. Reaching out, she grabbed Kelly’s arm.
“Mom, I’m so sorry,” she said.
“You, my love, have nothing to be sorry for. I should apologize to you for exposing you -”
Catching herself, she didn’t want to be that scorned woman who badmouthed the children’s father.
“-for exposing you to how I enabled Steve. He said something to me that was really rather forward thinking for him. He said I used him to get the family I wanted. He was right! I wanted a big family and a nice, cozy home, and since he was my husband, I made that happen with him.”
“So you don’t regret your marriage?”
“Regret! Oh my, no. Without my marriage, I wouldn’t have my children. I’ve loved my life, Lisa. Even though my husband wasn’t totally engaged, I made it happen for me. I hope you kids can see that.”
“Mother, you amaze me,” Lisa said, shaking her head. “I’m far too selfish to put up with the crap you put up with.”
Taken aback, Kelly knew she had to get Lisa to expound on her feelings so they could be dealt with.
“Do you mean about Dad and Lee?”
She knew that wasn’t what Lisa was referring to, but could see she’d hit a nerve because Lisa was positively squirming.
“No. That just happened, Lee coming here and everything. Mom, get real. We all knew you were juggling everything alone. That shouldn’t be a surprise to you.”
Defeated, Kelly sat back in her chair and looked around the neighborhood, its quaint allure suddenly gone.
“Dad never had two words to say to me. I shouldn’t speak for the rest of the kids, but they feel the same way. I know you did everything for us, and he wasn’t interested. It’s a fact, so why pretend that everything was okay?”
“It’s not that we’re pretending. We can accept that life is a certain way and then move on from there. What’s done is done. You kids have to move on, too. It’s no secret we have to help Ken in some way, and I don’t mean by enabling him.”

While they were talking on the street, Ken was standing on a stool at a patient’s bedside, administering CPR, shouting out orders ultimately destined to save a life. While in the middle of attaching oxygen tubing to the endotracheal tube feeding air to the patient’s lungs, Ken’s nursing manager came around back of him.
“Let Dr. Higby take over, Ken,” she said.
Although it was unusual to have an administrator switch caregivers around in the middle of a code, it wasn’t unheard of, so when he was done with the chest compression sequence, he moved off the stool so the doctor could slide in.
“Come with me,” she said, nodding her head toward the door.
“What’s up?” Ken asked, curious.
“I need a urine sample and a blood draw right now.”
Taken aback, Ken didn’t respond, waiting for her to elaborate.
“It’s your turn for a random,” she said, looking away.
It was the glance that told him the truth; this was no random test. “I get to summon my union rep,” he replied.
“I’m not sure about that,” she said.
“Ten minutes won’t make a big difference in my blood alcohol, Bev. I’ve been here since six this morning, my day off, by the way. You might want to reconsider harassing me if you ever want me to bail you out of a jam again.”
“Mary Price said she smelled alcohol on your breath,” she snapped.
“I drank last night after midnight. I probably reeked. I’m not on the schedule, if I can remind you of that. You said you had three call-outs, that you were desperate. I haven’t called out sick in three years.”
“I’m sorry, but the complaint is documented and now I have to follow through. I do appreciate you coming in on short notice, but you could have refused.”
“And I will next time,” he said. “Let’s get this over with. When it comes back within legal limits, you and Mary Price are going to hear from my lawyer.”
“Okay, well, I guess I deserve it,” she said. “Here’s your cup. Leave the door open.”
“I’ve got a better idea. You come in with me and hold my dick.”
“I don’t think that will be necessary,” she said, blushing. “Watch it, though. You might be harassing me now.”
Ken got the urine sample and held out his arm for the blood test. Heading back to the unit when it was finished, doing a slow boil, he returned to the code, noting that the patient was stable, intubated and hooked up to a respirator.
Suddenly, Ken thought of Kelly. He needed to talk to his mother. Chuckling, it was not something he would admit to freely. Kelly had a way of making everything okay without taking his issues on. She’d keep it about him. Terry or Alice or his brothers would get upset if he confided in them, and then he’d end up having to calm them down. Locking himself in a broom closet, he took out his phone and called her.
“Ma, it’s Ken,” he said.
“I see that,” she answered, the smile on her face coming through her voice. “Do you want to have coffee?”
She and Lisa had just separated, kissing each other goodbye with promises to get together later. Walking back through town toward home, she’d gladly meet Ken anywhere.
“I’m at work,” he said. “There were a lot of call-outs, and like a sucker I agreed to help out. Then, in the middle of a code - I mean smack-dab in the middle, I was counting chest compressions - that fat ass Beverly Wilshire taps me on the shoulder to step down so Ron Higby can take over.”
“That’s weird,” Kelly said. “Why?”
“Mary Price complained that I smelled like alcohol. She wanted a random blood alcohol.”
“No way!” Now Kelly was fuming. “Did you call your rep?”
“Not yet. We’re so short of staff, and I was in the middle of a code. An incident report would be just as effective.”
“You should still call, Ken,” Kelly said, almost saying Don’t be like me.
“So you agree that it was BS,” he said, smiling, getting what he needed from her.
“It was BS,” she replied.
As drunk as Ken could get, Kelly had never known him to take a drink while on duty or to get plastered before a shift. They said goodbye and hung up, her concern for her son outweighing anything else.
A flake of snow fell from a tree and Kelly looked up at it, at the gray skies and the melting snow. The holidays were right around the corner, Thanksgiving less than a month away. What was she going to do? No one seemed to want Steve around. But she couldn’t assume it. They’d wait and see what happened in the days to come.
Chapter 13
Saturday morning before she left at seven, the night nurse told Titan that Jean had had a quiet night and was still sound asleep, but that her breathing was irregular. The day nurse would be in by nine. Standing at the bedroom door, he couldn’t go in yet, needing some fortification.
Going down to the kitchen to get coffee, he drank it standing at the window. It was already freezing out, winter making an early visit after a beautiful Indian summer. No doubt it was temporary, and the rain would come after it warmed up, making a mess of everything.
He didn’t expect his mother until later; Lee liked to putter in the morning after sleeping in. The lure of the couch in the den, the television on with some inane rerun as background noise, was strong, like college days when he wanted to forget he had any responsibilities. Everything was crashing in on him: Jean’s more than precarious condition, the work at the clinic, his mother’s latest antics with Steve Boyd. The only thing he had any control over was the clinic, and he would call a corporate lawyer friend of his and get him moving on finding a buyer to take over. In the meantime, he would rally a group of his colleagues to fill in for him, his state of mind so bad he didn’t even want to finish up the cases he was in the middle of caring for. This was a life or death emergency.
Feeling too sick to drink more coffee, he turned the pot off, emptying his cup down the drain. Lee would make fresh stuff anyway; she was adamant about only drinking freshly made coffee, having insulted Jean many times about serving stale coffee.
Wandering around the first floor, it looked sterile and unwelcoming. He’d never noticed before, but at the time they bought the place, it was the way he thought he liked rooms to look. Jean’s office was a study in clutter: books piled high in some places, bags of knitting, mementos from grateful patients. Clearly, she’d decorated their apartment to appeal to his unadorned aesthetic. Now he was sorry he hadn’t encouraged her to put her own stamp on the place, but maybe it would be easier to get rid of it without being permeated with her style. Because he wasn’t staying there after she died. It would go on the market right away. He wasn’t hanging around Chicago.
Unlocking the front door for the nurse, Titan went back upstairs. Peeking in on Jean, she was facing the door with her eyes still closed, her chest moving enough to determine she was still alive. Titan got into bed with her, slipping his arms around her one last time.

“You about ready?” Steve said, placing a cup of fresh coffee on the bathroom counter for Lee while she primped.
In the few short days they’d been together, he learned that she took a long time to get ready in the morning. Although it wasn’t obvious due to its skillful application, she wore a lot of makeup. Steve was intrigued, watching her work. He’d never had a moment’s interest in Kelly’s routine, but Lee’s fascinated him. Her make up area in the bathroom was neat as a store makeup display, the various tubes and brushes and pots of color as organized as he imagined a surgeon’s instruments would be. He’d have to ask Titan. Just the thought of his son and what he did for a living thrilled him into a state of euphoria. Watching Lee put on false eyelashes and then use a pencil to highlight her eyes, he realized that he loved her completely, that the makeup was nice, but it didn’t have anything to do with who she was or why he loved her.
“You’re beautiful,” he said.
“Aw, Stevie, you so nice,” she said, outlining her mouth with a red lip liner. “But you always say that. It because you love me.”
“That’s true, I do love you,” he said.
She picked up the coffee and took a sip. “You make good coffee, Stevie Boyd.”
He didn’t tell her he’d never served Kelly a cup of coffee. He couldn’t remember ever taking her even a glass of water. Feeling guilty, as soon as he could, he’d call her and apologize. Why had he treated someone he loved as much as he was capable of loving, so horribly? Was it habit? Or had she enabled him to do so? It was still no excuse.
Being with Lee made Steve want to be a better man, and that meant being nicer to his wife, soon to be ex-wife, and the children he had with her.
That reminded him of Titan. “Come on, beautiful, let’s get going. I’m worried about Titan.”
“He live around the block,” she said. “You don’t even have to move your car. We walk.”
“It’s cold out today,” he said, shivering.
“Then we’ll dress warm. We should go to Houston,” she said, placing her first hint.
“When things settle down, we’ll go on vacation, okay?”
“Oh, yes, I love that, Stevie,” she said. “Baker never take me anywhere. Let’s go see Titan and Jean.”
The walk to Titan’s was fast, just around the block, as she said. But the building was much different than Baker’s house. It was a tall, three-story townhouse, dark brick, with huge, tall windows. The front door was recessed, and they had to go through a wrought-iron gate that was unlocked to reach the porch.
“Fancy,” Steve said, beaming with pride.
“They put the fence and gate in when the neighborhood get bad,” she said.
“Why’s it bad?”
“You don’t go out at night without a gun around here,” she said.
He hadn’t heard of that in Chicago, but they were used to it in Detroit. “We’ll stay indoors, then.”
“We don’t live here,” she said. “I’m ready to sell Baker’s house now.”
“Oh, is that right?” Steve asked, smiling.
Lee got out a key and inserted it in the lock, but the door was open, the front room crowded with crying relatives of Jean’s.
“Oh no,” Lee whispered. “We too late.”
“Not quite,” Jean’s sister said. “Titan just called us to come over a half hour ago. She’s unconscious. He said anytime now.”
“Oh, I’m so sad,” Lee said, and burst into tears.
Titan must have heard her voice and came running down the stairs. He grabbed her and hugged her and then put an arm around Steve as well.
“She’s going,” he said. “She might still have hearing though, so come up quickly and say goodbye.”
“Oh, oh, I’m too upset,” Lee said, pulling back.
“Come, dear,” Steve said, gently holding her. “You’ll be sorry if you don’t say goodbye.”
The endearing words were so foreign to Steve he couldn’t believe that he had said them. He thought of the times he’d avoided any involvement with death, his own mother and father, members of Kelly’s family. What was he afraid of? Of course, it made him feel like a jerk now that he thought of it, unfeeling and uncaring, and since no one insisted that he involve himself in the process of death, he hid from it. It had worked for him.
Faced with the death of a woman he didn’t know, the wife of the son he’d just met and was already in love with, Steve’s curiosity drove him. The feeling sweeping through him made him feel connected and alive as never before.
“I’ll carry you up the stairs,” he said gently. “I’ll stay with you.”
Pushing him away, Lee made her way to the staircase alone. “I don’t need to be carried like a cripple,” she said, unaware of Titan wincing at her faux pas.
Pulling herself up the stairs, her age was evident for the first time. Occasionally, a sob would escape. Lee loved Titan with all her heart, and therefore loved Jean.
Putting her hands up to her mouth as she entered the sickroom, Lee couldn’t believe her eyes, Jean was unrecognizable.
“She look awful,” she moaned, and Titan went around to her and bent down so she could see his face before she put her foot in her mouth again.
“She may still have hearing, Mother. Please remember that.”
“I forget you say that before,” she said, moving closer to the bed.
The next minutes touched Steve, watching Titan and Lee talking to Jean like she was aware of what they were saying. He didn’t get it, but if Titan said she could still hear, he’d accept that as fact.
They stayed with Jean, and finally, Titan got out his stethoscope and listened to her heart.
“She’s on her way out,” he said, clearly brokenhearted.
It didn’t take long. They huddled around the bed until her breathing stopped. That was it, she was dead. Titan sat on the bed next to Jean, holding her, crying.
“Come, son,” Lee said. “Let her soul go to God now.”
Pulling him away from Jean’s body, Titan submitted to his mother. Steve lost it, putting his arms around Lee’s and Titan’s shoulders, crying. He couldn’t believe that was death, thinking there should be more to it, a Hollywood production with angels coming and horns blowing. Body shaking, tears streaming, Lee went into the bathroom to get him tissues. They pushed him onto a chair in the hallway.
“I’ll get her family,” Titan said, turning to the stairs.
Concerned for Steve, Lee didn’t understand why he was so upset about a woman he didn’t even know. Titan returned with Jean’s crying sisters, leading them into the bedroom. Lee hovered close by, wanting to be in charge of the body. There might be a fight before the morning was over. Giving them privacy, Titan left, closing the bedroom door behind him.
Once Steve calmed down, he tried to put it into words. “That’s it?”
“That’s it,” Lee said frowning. “What did you expect?”
“I don’t know,” he admitted, blowing his nose. “Something more dramatic.”
“What about what you saw in Vietnam?” Titan asked. “Surely that was dramatic.”
“It was different there,” Steve insisted. “It was horrible. But Jean is your wife. You’re my son. I didn’t get to know her, and that makes it worse.”
“Try not to be too disappointed,” Titan said, exhausted, the words going over Steve’s head. “It takes a while for the impact to build. I’d better call the funeral home. We have to get through this week, and then I’m coming back to Michigan with you.”
This was news to Steve. “For good?” 
“Yes,” Titan said. “I’ll get my Michigan license. I want to get as far away from Chicago as possible.”
Chapter 14
Arriving home, Kelly decided to shovel what little snow was left, even though it was supposed to rain the next day. While she was in the garage to get the snow shovel, her phone rang again. This time it was Augie.
“Mom, do you have a minute?”
“Of course,” she said, getting the shovel down from its hook. “Are we getting together today?”
“Alice and Maxine said they’d have something later. Dad called.”
“What did he have to say?” Kelly didn’t stop, understanding that if she continued to shovel, it would be a distraction for whatever Augie was about to say.
“What are you doing? You’re out of breath.”
“Shoveling. Go on with it, Aug,” she said.
“Oh, hell. I should come do that for you.”
“It’s not necessary. I need the exercise. What did your father want?”
“Well, Titan’s wife died,” Augie said.
Kelly stopped shoveling and threw the shovel into the snow. Trudging up the steps, she let herself into the house and, with snow on her boots walked across the living room carpet and sat in the uncomfortable chair.
“I’m so sorry,” she finally said. “It feels fast.”
“He said that she didn’t wake up this morning. Titan called her family to come over to see her. He went on and on about the hearing being the last to go, so they were talking to her, and then she just died. Dad was real upset. I don’t think I remember him ever getting that upset about anything, except maybe when Clinton won the election.”
Stifling laughter, Kelly tried to imagine her husband at a deathbed. It didn’t ring true, but she wouldn’t go there with Augie.
“What’s going to happen now?” she asked.
“The funeral is next week, and then Titan is coming back with Dad. They’re going to stay in a hotel again until an apartment is available. But he asked if Titan could stay with one of us. They don’t want to share a room with him for obvious reasons, but Dad doesn’t think Titan should be alone.”
Kelly’s concern switched from sadness to anger. Titan was a grown man. So like Steve to put his needs first, regardless of whom he inconvenienced. But he hadn’t asked her. He’d asked Augie. It wasn’t her business.
“What are you going to do?” she asked, trying to stay calm.
“I thought we’d discuss it later, when everyone’s together,” he said.
Kelly tried not to troubleshoot, but it was in her nature. Alice and Maxine had a spare bedroom in their basement. Ken and his girlfriend barely had enough room for themselves. Lisa wasn’t a candidate with one bedroom.
“Karen might offer,” she said. “I know it’s not my concern, but I hate to have you kids inconvenienced.”
Augie didn’t take offense. “She’ll have a chance to weigh in. Maybe we’d better do another family council. I hope Ken’s up to it.”
That was Boyd-speak for sober. “They called him into work today, so he should be okay,” she said, realizing how sick they were, all enablers, thanks to her.
“I’ll let you get back to shoveling,” he said. “It’s supposed to melt anyway.”
“Maybe I’ll leave it,” she said. “I’ll see you later.”
They said goodbye and hung up. Augie’s news left her numb. Overheated, Kelly didn’t get up, looking around the room from this unusual vantage point. The room looked dated. Even her photo gallery of the children didn’t have the same effect on her as it usually did. Maybe it was time to divide the photos up and give them to their respective owners.
Although, thanks to her father, she had the money to buy Steve out of the house, she didn’t know if she wanted it. If he wanted it, he’d have to refinance it to buy her out, and she didn’t think he was in the financial position to do so. But now with Lee and her contribution, that might have changed. Steve living there with another woman might take some getting used to. She doubted it would bother him at all, since he’d led most of his life in the basement. It was then she realized she needed an attorney. Mind made up, she was divorcing him, and she’d start the process soon. Having the upper hand, having control of that aspect would lessen the blow of everything that had happened.
The heat finally getting to her, she stood up and took off her coat. A sense of doom, or perhaps absolute despair, replaced the fragile peace she’d acquired. But this time, instead of trying to fight it with wine - it was too early - she chose to go with it, to see where it would take her. As usual, she would be proactive.
The coat closet in the front hallway was the exclusion to her neat sensibility. Hanging up her jacket, the upper shelf of the closet caught her attention. The items within were organized, but they were unnecessary. This might be the activity that would drive her to her knees, knowing that she would find things her children once wore when they lived under that roof. Hopeful for the catharsis a crying jag would provide, she would clean the closet. Pulling out a stool, she reached as high as she could to the very top shelf and pulled down a basket of odds and ends: gloves, baseball caps, scarves - all things which she had found difficult to dispose of for some reason.
Hopping off the stool, she took the basket to the kitchen and dumped it out on the table. The first thing she picked up was a cap with Southeastern Pipe Fitters emblazoned across the front. She’d make a pile for Steve. Next was a tiny knitted glove. It had belonged to Alice when she was in elementary school. Kelly knew it was in there; she had hoped to find its mate in case Alice ever had a child, she could pass it down. But it was a ridiculous premise. The mate hadn’t been found in almost twenty years. After fondling it for a minute, she threw the glove in the trash.
Items of the boys were more difficult for her to let go of. It was a mystery because she loved her girls so much, memories of girls’ nights when the boys would go up north with Major Dailey, or to a sleepover with Karen. Little Alice, teen-aged Lisa, and Kelly might have beauty night, doing each other’s nails, eating an entire batch of chocolate chip cookies while watching teen movies.
Or they’d bike ride to the ice cream stand, leaving the boys with Steve to watch baseball. Thinking about her choices of outings, they were always centered on food. Treats. No wonder her girls battled with their weight. She was as responsible as Steve was for her children’s unhealthy obsessions.
Throwing away mismatched gloves and mittens, ratty scarves and hats, soon the basket was empty. If she sold the house, she’d have to make the effort to go through every closet and relentlessly toss. Things that were too good to throw away could be offered to the kids, but she didn’t think they’d take much. Augie’s wife, Sandy, was super neat. Liz, Ben’s wife would take anything offered her, but then Ben would get annoyed.
Tossing the basket down the basement stairs, she wasn’t in the mood to see Steve’s space. Maybe another time. Instead, she went back to the spare room that was now her craft room. Huge storage boxes stacked inside the closet kept more sacred photos and albums. The wedding album her mother insisted she have was visible through the clear plastic in a box near the bottom. One by one, she hoisted the heavy boxes down to the floor until she reached the last one.
“Why are you doing this?” she asked the air.
The album hadn’t been opened in years, maybe since Alice left for college. She looked at the ceiling and started to count. Alice was her baby, graduating from college less than two years before. Painful memories flooded her again. Alice was a change-of-life baby. Not exactly change of life - nowadays they called it perimenopausal. Pregnancy was never a consideration. The rare times Steve was willing to have sex, Kelly took precautions, knowing that if she asked him to do it, he’d use it as an excuse never to do it again. She was over forty and her periods just stopped.
Something must have gone wrong or, as it turned out, right, because she peed in a cup at work and took it to the lab. She was in the middle of patient care when Bessie from the lab called.
“Congratulations, Kelly. I know you don’t want to hear it, but better think positive about that kid right now, ‘cause unless you do something to stop it, you’re havin’ a baby in nine months.”
“Six,” Kelly uttered, shocked.
“Well, whatever. Anytime you need a pep talk, just call me, okay?”
“Okay, thank you,” she said, staring off into space.
She put the phone down.
“You look like you just saw a ghost,” the unit secretary, Linda, said.
“I need to sit down. I might be sick,” Kelly replied, groping for a chair.
The secretary, about to deliver herself, got up and helped Kelly sit. “Do you want some water?”
“No, no water. I just need to catch my breath. I have to get back to my patient. She’s on the bedpan.”
“What room and I’ll get one of the aides to get her off,” Linda said.
The group of nurses had worked together long enough to know that Kelly was super private about her life. They never heard a complaint from her, and as far as they knew, she had a charmed marriage with a perfect husband. If they knew the truth, they’d have been sad for Kelly.
Within a few minutes, she regained her equilibrium. The first thing she did when she got a break that afternoon was call Karen, who cried what Kelly thought were tears of joy.
“It’s not that I’m not happy for another little baby,” Kelly said. “But getting through it with Mr. Personality, well, that might be tricky.”
“So you weren’t trying?” Karen asked, digging.
“No. This is a surprise,” Kelly had lied, not wanting to hear recriminations from her twin. “Let’s keep it a secret, okay? I’m not ready to tell Steve. He’s still reeling from Reggie.”

After Ken was born, Steve had been adamant. “No more kids, you got it? Four is enough.”
“Okay, Steve. But I can’t take the pill because I have a history of blood clots. They don’t want you to take it after thirty-five. Would you consider having a vasectomy?”
The blood drained from his face and he grabbed his crotch. “No one’s messing with my balls,” he shouted. “You get it done.”
“It’s major surgery for a woman, Steve. I’d have to take time off work. No, you should do it. You don’t want more kids, you get snipped.”
Using her fingers like scissors, she made a cutting motion and hissed, “Snip, snip.”
When Ken was four, Kelly got pregnant with Reggie. She did it by accident/on purpose. Ken was lonely, the twins six years older than he was.
“I’d like to have one more,” she said one evening.
They were sitting together in the backyard, a rare moment as a family, with the twins batting a ball around, and Ken chasing after it. He’d run up to Steve to throw the ball to him.
“You’ve got a great arm, kiddo,” he called out, the compliment even taking four-year-old Ken by surprise.
“You know I don’t want any more,” he replied. “You’re purposely trying to ruin a nice evening.”
“It would be a playmate for Kenny,” she said. “He’s so lonely.”
They watched him trying to get the twins attention, running after them, begging them to include him; it was perfect evidence to back up her claim.
“Augie didn’t have anyone else,” Steve said. “He’s turning out okay.”
“I can’t argue with that,” she replied, resigned. “Do you want a beer?”
“If you’re getting up,” he said.
Looking back, she’d plied him with beer to get her way. Steve could be so easy if Kelly timed it just right, agreed with everything he said no matter how ridiculous, fed him beer, avoided the verboten topics: he hated to talk about their relationship, any social event that involved her friends or family, and issues with the kids. Often suffering the consequences, she never regretted tricking him he called it, into impregnating her.
When she discovered she was pregnant with Reggie, she kept it a secret, lying when the truth came out, telling everyone, even Karen, that she didn’t have the usual symptoms of pregnancy when she started to show and couldn’t hide it any longer.
“You’re getting fat,” Steve said unexpectedly one Saturday morning at breakfast.
Most Saturdays he slept in, but for some reason on that day, he decided to join the family for a meal. Making pancakes for them, she’d come to the table to serve him right from the pan, the spatula in her hand. Staring at her midsection with a sneer on his face, his disgust was apparent. She felt a wave of heat go through her, and for a second she was speechless.
The kids stopped eating, watching him, and then turned to Kelly, who quickly turned her back, closing her eyes, holding her breath and her stomach in, praying as she walked back to the stove.
“She’s not fat, Dad,” Augie said, his voice low.
At sixteen, he was a momma’s boy, and although Kelly loved it, she didn’t want trouble between Steve and Augie, navigating their relationship with delicacy.
“Daddy didn’t mean anything by it, did you, Steve? Everything’s just fine. I need to get out there and burn some calories. Do you want to run with me later, Augie?”
He was still looking at Steve, almost willing him to slap his face, but Steve used restraint for a change and didn’t lash out.
“Yeah, I guess so,” Augie said, pushing away from the table. “Mom, you sit down. I want to flip pancakes.”
Rather than argue with him, she laughed and handed him the spatula. Her boys would know how to cook.
“Here’s the batter,” she said, pointing to a bowl full of yellow pancake batter. “Just ladle it in the frying pan.”
“I know how to do this. Grandpa Dailey let us cook up at the camp last summer,” he said, glaring at Steve over his shoulder.
“You’re not really going to eat pancakes, are you?” Steve said, ready to pick a fight with her if he had to be nice to the kids.
“I am,” she said. “I’m looking forward to this. Is it delicious?”
“It’s good!” little Ken said, the twins still watching Steve, but nodding their heads.
The phone rang, and when Kelly went to rise, Steve told her to stay put.
“I’ll get it,” he said. “I can’t eat that crap.”
Glancing at his plate, Kelly laughed, risking his anger. “Daddy claims he didn’t like the food, but his plate is almost licked clean!”
He answered the phone and, thankfully, good-naturedly rolled his eyeballs at her comment, taking a call from a work buddy. Fortunately for them, he accepted an invitation to play in an afternoon baseball game. Kelly was sure he’d get drunk and not come home, but she was almost glad.
Why did she stay with him? He didn’t mention her weight again until the next day. She’d made arrangements for the children to go to church with her mother and father, so they were out of the house by the time Steve got up, hungover. She’d used the bathroom at three in the morning and he wasn’t home yet, so chances were he’d be in a horrible mood.
“Who won?” she asked, pouring him coffee.
“I don’t remember,” he said. “We might have.”
“It sounds like it was a fun game.”
“Thanks,” he said, taking the coffee from her. “You should have come with the kids. Next time, I’ll remember to ask you.”
She didn’t say anything, but going to any activity his work buddies organized that didn’t involve everyone’s families was awful. Without the other wives there, the few women who worked at the plant got just as drunk as the men, and it didn’t take long before the atmosphere deescalated into chaos. It wasn’t a place for kids.
“Okay, great,” she lied.
“What’s going on with this?” he said, roughly poking her in the belly.
“Ouch, Steve, knock it off,” she cried.
“Calm down,” he said. “What’s going on?”
“I’m pregnant. I’m due in October.”
“You’re six months pregnant?”
“Yay! You can count!” she cried, jubilant.
He hit the table with his open palm.
“Well, that’s just friggin’ great, Kelly. You waited this long so you can’t get an abortion.”
Sitting down at the table, she burst into tears. That was true; the reason she waited was so that abortion wouldn’t be an option. Hearing him say the word seared.
“I didn’t poke you that hard,” he said. “Stop blubbering.”
“Yes, you did! And it was cruel, just like you’re cruel. Make plans to do something today, will you, please? We’ll end up killing each other if you keep picking on me.”
“I plan on going right down those stairs and watching TV all day,” he said.
That was the extent of their conversation about her being pregnant. Within minutes after he disappeared down the stairs, she felt better and was ready to tell the world her news. Her sister was reserved but said she was happy for her, and later, when her parents came by to bring the children home, they were happy, but with reservations.
“How’s Boyd taking it?” her father asked, his hand on her shoulder.
“Oh, about how you’d expect,” she said, a smile plastered on her face.
She got what she wanted, and at the time, that was all that mattered.

Now, discovering she was pregnant with Alice was a whole other issue. She didn’t even know when it happened. They were growing further and further apart. Their sex life was practically nonexistent. She finally asked Steve if he’d mind if she had an affair. It was purely satirical, but he didn’t know that, and it got his attention.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“You’ve been telling me I place too much importance on sex. So if you don’t think that it’s important in a marriage, I wouldn’t think you’d mind if I got it elsewhere.”
Stunned, he just looked at her for a few seconds, and then he smirked. “Real funny, smart-ass,” he’d said. “If you want to fuck, just say it. Stop with the silly games.”
Kelly turned her head so he couldn’t see how revolted she was. Talking to her in that way was his norm, but not regarding their sex life. They did it, but it was forced and unsatisfying, the last straw. Kelly decided then that unless he initiated it, she was finished with sex. It wasn’t worth the effort any longer.
Reggie was just two, and he was such a sweet little guy, but having another so soon, well, it frightened her. She couldn’t take any time off work, that was a given. Augie would start college that fall, and she accepted that Steve was not going to sacrifice one cent for it. Her father would be heartbroken if he knew that she needed the money so badly and wasn’t asking him for help.
“You’ll get it when we die,” he had said. “Let me help you.”
“Dad, you’re so kind, but we’re fine,” she lied. “And I want to work. I’d just sit around and snack all day if I stayed home.”

Sitting in the chair at her sewing table, she reluctantly opened the cover to their wedding album. The first picture was of the invitation. It was engraved, and even from the photograph you could see the depth and texture of it. Her mother had insisted on a proper invitation. Even a rushed wedding would be done properly.
Turning the page, the next was a formal portrait of her. An errant tear leaked out of her eye and started down her cheek. She had been so young and so beautiful. Why on earth did she choose Steve to fall in love with? Crazy about him, even the photograph captured her radiance. All she had wanted since childhood was to have her own home, a husband to love her, and a nice family, just like the one she came from but with lots of children. It was clear that the young Kelly was full of so much hope.
Next, a studio portrait of her and Steve. There she was again, beaming. Steve looked like a deer in the headlights. He was furious about having to go through the charade of the wedding after already going to the justice of the peace, until Kelly told him they’d get lots of cash gifts. Everyone said how handsome he was, taking the first steps toward responsibility, but looking at him now, he was just a boy. To get married and then have to leave for war the next year, leaving a wife and baby behind, must have been horrible for him.
In Kelly’s optimism, it never occurred to her that Steve had left for Vietnam with escape in mind, to get away from her and Augie. He’d gotten involved with Lee, falling in love with her, because he was lonely and vulnerable.
The rest of the pictures were the standard lineup photos of her attendants, his ushers, the families, and the reception. A much thinner Karen wearing a slender satin sheath, stood next to Kelly in every photograph. Although fraternal twins, there was the psychic connection, and as she turned the pages of the album, she saw there was always something that linked the two, either one looking at the other, or touching each other. The photographer had captured Karen’s broken heart.
Looking at her watch, Kelly wondered if Karen was still on her date to Eastern Market. Like radar waves traveling through space, her phone rang, and looking at the number, it was Karen.
“I was just thinking of you,” Kelly said, relieved, happy to hear her voice. “How’s the date going?”
“Amazing,” she said softly. “Can I bring her to the family get-together?”
“Of course! Where’s it going to be?”
“Alice and Maxine are having it,” Karen answered. “So since Anne knows Maxine…”
“That’s fine,” Kelly said, happy for a new face in the crowd.
Hopefully, having Anne there would prevent the conversation from going south with more talk about Steve. A week had passed, surely that was enough time to move on? It was probably unreasonable.
“Aren’t you afraid dirty laundry might be exposed?”
“She doesn’t care about that. Kel, you have to believe that you are not the first person in the world whose husband turned into a schmuck.”
“My pride is such a problem. I wouldn’t listen to him when he specifically told me what he didn’t want. I blame myself for everything that happened.”
“You loved him, Kelly! You tried to make your marriage work. I didn’t see him leaving, because he was comfortable there.”
“Yeah, until old Lee showed up. Oh well. I guess you’ve heard the new son’s wife died.”
“No, I was spared that information. When did it happen?”
“This morning. Steve was there. Evidently, he’s beside himself,” Kelly said. “Augie said he went on and on about it. I’m so sorry for Titan, but this just pisses me off royally. When our family members died, he couldn’t even stir himself to get up and acknowledge it.”
“Kelly, let’s not go there. No one expected anything of Steve, and nothing is what we got. We enabled him.”
“Oh God, I’m so sick of that word! Everyone is enabled by someone else enabling them. But that doesn’t provide an excuse to be a jerk. Steve claims I used him to get the family I wanted. Maybe I did! But he hung around for a long time, living off the fruit of my labor. If he didn’t like it, why the hell didn’t he leave already?”
“Maybe he was afraid to be alone,” Karen said. “So when Lee showed up on your doorstep, it gave him the chance.”
“How depressing,” Kelly said, the words like the strike of a knife. “I know it’s for the best. I’m just having a bad day. By the way, thanks for letting me know about your extended date.”
“I’m sorry,” Karen said. “I knew Lisa would tell you and I didn’t want to spend too much time texting.”
“Okay, you’re forgiven this time. I’m so self-absorbed right now I can’t stand it. I’m jealous. How sick is that?”
“Of me?” Karen asked.
“Yes. Now that I’m alone, you have someone,” Kelly said, the tears coming again. “I don’t know how I’ll traverse that. I want you available to me every moment of the day.”
They laughed together, Kelly’s heartbreaking honesty breaking down all barriers.
“I’ll be available to you. I warned Anne I was a twin, and she said Maxine already told her to be prepared to take second place if this worked out.”
“So is it working out?”
Now that Kelly had gotten her problem off her chest, she was willing to devote the rest of the conversation to her sister.
“My attraction was instantaneous. You’ll see. She’s not stunning like Eve, but she’s very pretty. She has short hair, but it’s not butch short, like mine. I think they call it a pixie cut. And her jewelry reminds me of a gypsy.”
“What’s she wearing?”
“Jeans and boots, but her jacket was one of those down-filled monstrosities only skinny women can wear and not look like a sumo wrestler.”
“She’s a cop, right?”
“She is, here in town.”
“I’m looking forward to meeting her,” Kelly said.
They said goodbye. Groaning when she got up, Kelly felt like she was one hundred years old. Putting her hand to her head, she didn’t feel warm. “It must be my state of mind.”
Looking at her phone, she scrolled through numbers until she came to Alice’s, pressing call.
“Mom to the rescue,” Alice answered.
“What’s going on?”
“I’m it for this afternoon. What should I serve?”
“Chili and corn bread. It’s fast and easy. And store-bought dessert.”
She could hear her repeating everything to someone asking questions in the background.
“Who’s that?” Kelly asked.
“Terry Cramer is here,” Alice whispered. “Ken went into work. She was afraid if she didn’t get over here on her own, he’d forget her again.”
“Well, I’m glad she’s being aggressive. I think our family is pretty intimidating.”
“I know it is for me,” Alice said, and they burst out laughing.
“For me too, at times,” Kelly said. “Alice, I think I’ll lie down for a bit before it’s time to head over. And thank you for inviting Aunt Karen and her new friend, Anne.”
Placing the wedding album on her desk, the idea came to her to take it to Alice’s house. Let the kids divvy up the spoils. Each visit she’d find something that was meaningful to her marriage and let the children become caretakers of it.
Washing her hands and face in preparation for taking a nap, she realized she’d lost track of the time since she last heard from Steve. A dull, persistent ache under her heart let her know the pain was not over. Pulling down the spread, she crawled between the sheets, depression like a heavy comforter pushing her down into the mattress. Within seconds, she was sound asleep.
At four, awake and drinking coffee, numbness had returned, replacing the former depression. Augie and Sandy were going to pick her up. She wondered if they were in collusion with the rest of the kids. Poor Mom, always alone, someone pick her up.
The sounds of the house relaxed her: the furnace clicking on, the dog licking his paw. She was taking him along on the visit; the kids insisted.
“Let’s go, Beaver,” she said softly. “Time to see Alice.”
Alice and Reggie were still living at home when Beaver came to live with them as a tiny rescued puppy. The others soon made him their dog, too, even though they’d moved out long before. Beaver loved Steve, but Steve was too preoccupied to spend much time interacting with him.
“I love the dog, don’t get me wrong,” he’d said during a family discussion. “I’m just not good at living things.”
“Boy, is that an understatement,” Karen had said.
In the week that he’d been gone, he never inquired about the dog.
“Come on, Beaver, let’s wait outside,” she said, bending down to attach his leash.
Pulling on her coat and hat, Kelly’s mental state was a fog. The week had collapsed in on her, the changes of a lifetime against her will, and the tendency to just go with it rather than make herself heard would cause repercussions. But the question remained, why would she beg Steve to stay? Because that was what it would be, her begging him not to go with the woman he loved.
The dog woofed, announcing the arrival of Sandy and Augie. “Let’s go.”
Augie’s kids screamed with joy when Augie opened the door for his mother and gave Beaver a boost into the back of the SUV.
“You’re gonna get my car all hairy, Beav,” Augie said, teasing. “I can’t think of any other dog’s hair I would want all over my suit.”
“Hi, everyone,” Kelly said, hugging her grandchildren. “Off to Aunt Alice’s!”
They arrived at the house just as the others were pulling in. The melee felt wonderful to Kelly, removing the fog, the joy her family always brought her increasing until her old peace returned.
“It’s so good to see you all,” she said, underplaying the intensity of her emotion. “We’re together!”
“We are,” Alice said, kissing her. “And here comes Aunt Karen and Anne.”
She nudged Kelly to look out the window. Her heart fell - they looked more like mother and daughter instead of dates.
“Well, what do you think?” Alice whispered.
“She’s very pretty,” Kelly said, concerned. “They look happy.”
“Maxine obviously didn’t see what I see, but I don’t get the attraction. Aunt is old enough to be her mother. It’s like the only thing they have in common is that they’re both lesbians.”
“Yes. I was thinking the same thing. I’m worried about my sister getting hurt. Karen’s already smitten. And if it ends badly, how is that going to affect Maxine and Karen’s relationship?”
“Mom, this is their first date. Chill. They might never see each other again,” Lisa said, rubbing Kelly’s back. “Here they come. Smile!”
They circled Anne, welcoming her, and Kelly noted that she was comfortable with the attention, and that knowledge helped to further relax her. Not everyone was out to get Karen.
“I thought we’d sit down and have drinks and noshes instead of milling around like we normally do,” Maxine said. “Less chaos.”
“Maxine is a control freak at home, too?” Anne asked, and they all laughed.
Helping out in the kitchen, Terry was right at home. Kelly went in to say hello.
“I talked to Ken today,” she said. “But I don’t remember if he said he’d be here or not.”
“He only worked eight hours, so he’s on his way,” Terry said, reaching around her for a tray of cheese and crackers. “Stick that on the table for me, please. Then sit down. We decided tonight is your rest night.”
“Aw, that’s nice,” Kelly said. “And tomorrow, I’m making dinner. It’s too cold to have an adventure tomorrow.”
“I never went anyway,” Terry said forlornly. “I wasn’t invited. But if you decide to go, just let me know. I love outings.”
Speechless, Kelly took the tray from her. A wave of guilt passed over her. She was encouraging this beautiful young woman to continue a relationship with Ken, her sick, alcoholic son. Sometime soon she’d confront Ken and include Terry in the confrontation. It was called an intervention. Chills and heat combined worked her into a frenzy, and she had to excuse herself to go to the bathroom to try to pull it together again.
Locking the door, she flipped the light switch on and looked at her reflection.
“Kelly, Kelly, Kelly,” she moaned. “It’s not your responsibility.”
Wasn’t it? Her son, as much as she loved him, was a drunk. Everything was coming to a head: Steve leaving, Titan’s wife dying, Ken having a blood alcohol draw at work, Karen in the kitchen with someone young enough to be her daughter.
“You, my friend, don’t have any control over any of it! You’re absolved from participating!”
She wasn’t driving, so her goal for the evening was to drink enough wine to relax and have fun. The thought occurred that perhaps that was exactly how Ken had started, but she ignored the taunt because she never drank until the kids were grown.
Returning to the kitchen, everyone talked at once, laughter ringing out. Beaver sat under the table, with Karen’s Boston terrier, Roger, watching the activity, while Kelly felt disconnected, like she was standing outside of the circle, the sensation disconcerting. Someone handed her a glass of wine. She looked at Ken.
“When did you get here?” she asked, leaning in to kiss his cheek.
“I just walked in,” he answered. “Are you okay, Mom? You look a little glassy-eyed.”
“I’m great,” she said, taking a deep breath. “I’m glad you’re here. What happened after we talked?”
“Nothing. I did what you said and called the union rep on call. They’ll handle it on Monday.”
Kelly knew the time was right - not at the gathering, but later, when they were alone - to tell Ken she was worried about him, but she didn’t have the courage to confront him. How did you tell your own flesh and blood that they were in trouble? Convincing herself that he wasn’t that bad, she’d swept his issues under the rug, now hating herself for her cowardice.
“Did they do a breathalyzer?” she asked.
“No, because I’d already been there all morning. I saw bitch Price at nine. She must have sniffed me out then.”
“Mary needs to get a life,” Kelly replied.
“Listen up, family,” Augie said. “We’ve got an issue to discuss.”
They stopped chatting and paid attention. Augie rarely asked the family for anything, so their curiosity was roused.
“Titan’s wife died today.” He waited until the moans subsided before continuing. “He’s leaving Chicago permanently. He’ll obviously have to commute for a while until his affairs are straightened out. Since Dad and Lee don’t have a place yet, he asked if Titan could stay with one of us so he won’t be alone.”
“I find it hard to believe that a grown man will take any solace staying with a bunch of strangers, especially whose lives he helped fuck up.” Everyone turned to Ken, who held up his beer. “Just sayin’.”
“I agree with you,” Augie said. “But the man asked so I’m passing it on to you. Shit rolls downhill.”
Going around the room, each person made their excuses. Sandy placed her hands over one pair of ears, but the other kids were intrigued. “We really don’t have the room,” Sandy added. “Unless I put all the kids in one room and let him have Junior’s room.”
“I don’t want to bunk with the other kids,” Junior whined.
“No one expects you to do that,” Ken said.
“I really don’t feel comfortable having him here,” Alice said. “I’m still pissed! Why should we be inconvenienced? I’m sorry his wife died and all, but this is over the top.”
“Well, you know I’m not a candidate,” Reggie said, who lived in a boardinghouse.
“Us either,” Terry said. “We barely fit in our apartment.”
“The baby is enough distraction,” Ben said. “A stranger might push us to the edge.”
“We might be able to make it work,” Liz said. “I mean if it’s an emergency.”
“Nope, we have enough on our plate right now,” Ben replied, squeezing her hand.
“I’m obviously out of the running,” Lisa said. “He’d have to sleep on my couch, and that is unappealing.”
“I’d offer,” Karen said. “But I made the decision this week that I’m putting the condo on the market right away. I’m ready to move on.” They made a point of not looking at Anne, so Karen added, “I made the decision before I met Anne.”
The family laughed at her explanation.
No one spoke for a moment, the sounds more wine being poured and Sandy whispering to her children.
“I guess that leaves me,” Kelly said, forlorn.
“Oh my God,” Karen said. “No one expects you to put the man up, Kelly.”
“Mother, no way,” they echoed.
“Why would you even consider it?” Ken asked.
“I guess because I’m a human being,” she said. “I have a big house with lots of empty rooms. He seems like a nice man, and he’s your brother.”
“I’m worried about your sanity,” Karen said.
The group voiced their protests, Kelly’s well-being taking another nosedive.
“Listen up!” Maxine called out. “Your mother is a grown woman. If she wants to have the man there, it’s her decision. I think it makes sense. Like she said, he’s your brother - your half brother. Even if his mother was a ho, you can’t let the guy move to be close to his family and then not do something to help him. It’s not the way this family has worked, in my opinion.”
“Mom, we’ll help you,” Sandy said. “We can have dinner at our place a couple of times a week. Maybe the others can fill in, too. I agree with Maxine. And he might be company for you.”
Kelly started to laugh. “I’m enjoying my solitude, believe me. But Maxine’s right. We have never looked the other way when someone needed help.”
“Yeah, think of all the losers who slept at our house over the years,” Reggie said.
He was correct, any friend in need was welcome to camp out at the Boyds’ house, and there was always an extra kid or two at the breakfast table in the morning.
“I miss those days,” Kelly said. “I know you’ll laugh, but they were the happiest days of my life.”
“Mom always liked a bunch of smelly strangers in the house,” Alice said. “She used to keep the porch door unlocked with a stack of old blankets in case anyone got kicked out of the house. They knew right where to come.”
“I remember her doing laundry for our friends,” Lisa said.
While her children teased her, that previous feeling that she wasn’t part of the group dissipated, and the old happiness, so difficult to maintain now, returned momentarily. She’d recognize later that she was on an emotional roller coaster.
“Your father used to get thrown out of the house all the time,” Kelly said. “He’d talk back to his father, and they’d tell him to leave.”
“Yeah, he told me all about it,” Reggie said. “I was so grateful I had a roof over my head because of his stories.”
They all looked at Reggie.
“Dad talked to you?” Ken asked, surprised. “How’d that come about?”
“It wasn’t often. He’d show up at a game. I’d see him out of the corner of my eye, standing at the side of the bleachers.”
This news shocked Kelly. It appeared Steve had taken her advice and gone to watch Reggie play chess when she was unable to.
“When the match was over, I’d look for him, but he was usually gone. However, one afternoon, he stuck around. ‘You doing anything now?’ he asked. ‘Let’s get something to drink.’
“He waited while I got my books, and led me out to the car. I have to confess I was a little scared. I’d never been in the car alone with Dad.”
“That can’t be true,” Kelly said.
“I’ve never been in the car alone with him,” Alice said.
The family sat riveted listening to Reggie talk. Waves of fear hit Kelly, wondering what he’d reveal, the peace she’d just reclaimed in danger of scattering again.
“Where’d he take you?” Augie asked.
“We went to Carter’s. I didn’t want to go inside because my hair would smell like grease and fried onions, but I didn’t dare refuse. We sat at the counter and he ordered me a Coke, and a coffee for himself. We were there for maybe a half hour while he told me the story of his father throwing him out of the house. He lived in a friend’s barn over a winter, chopping up the furniture that was stored there to burn for heat. Another time, he stayed in a tree house.”
“That makes me sad,” Lisa said. “No kid should have to live that way.”
“Titan isn’t a kid, though,” Ken reminded them. “If he can make the decision to leave his medical practice high and dry, he should figure out a place to live, too.”
“This brings us back to the beginning,” Augie said. “Dad doesn’t think Titan should be alone, that’s all. I’m sure he’d be upset if he knew we were wasting an entire evening talking about him.”
Once the issue about where Titan would stay was resolved, the family spent the rest of the time catching up.
“Oh, I almost forgot,” Kelly said, reaching into an old shopping bag. “Our wedding album. I think it should go to you kids. You can take it apart; take the photos you want from it.”
Over the protests, she raised her hand. “It’s time I start letting go of all the stuff I’ve collected. This doesn’t mean anything to me anymore. I’m sorry if that hurts you. So take it or I’ll trash it.”
“I’ll take it,” Ken said, grabbing it out of her hand. “We can circulate it intact. I don’t think it should be taken apart.”
“I agree,” Lisa said. “I’ll draw up a babysitting schedule for Mom’s wedding album. We’ll each take it for a month. I’m afraid if anyone has it longer than that, they won’t give it up.”
“So does this mean you’re going to get rid of all your photographs?”
“Yes, it does,” she said. “Someone can be in charge of scanning any that you all want copies of, but I’ve got to do something about the number of them. The storage containers stack to the ceiling!”
The conversation moved from Titan to the wedding album, and finally, dinner was ready. Alice and Maxine had prepared a nice meal everyone enjoyed. It was almost eight by the time the exodus began.

In the car on the way home, Augie glanced in the rearview mirror, asking once more if she was sure she wanted to invite Titan into her home.
“It’s so me, don’t you think?” she said, chuckling. “Seriously, I think it will be good for me. He’s not to blame for this mess, and I’m doing it for you kids.”
His lovely mother once again being selfless had an odd effect on him. Not anger, but impatience. At the age where his own foibles were beginning to mirror hers, Augie wasn’t happy about it.
“Don’t do it for us,” he said. “I’ll just feel guilty.”
“Why else would I do it? Not for you-know-who, and certainly not for myself. I don’t need anyone around me right now. If he stays with me, you kids have a neutral place to congregate where his mother is not.
“So! Are you going to tell your father about the decision?”
“I think I’ll let Ben do it,” Augie said, pulling into Kelly’s driveway. “For reasons known only to Dad, Ben is the person in favor right now.”
***
Sitting in the backseat with baby Nichole, Liz leaned over to nurse keeping the baby safe in her car seat. “If you’d told me six months ago that someday I’d have my boob stretched across the backseat to feed my baby, I’d say you were crazy.”
“We’re almost home,” Ben said. “I’m exhausted. A little of my family is going a long way these days.”
“Why’d they put Kelly on the spot like that? Even Karen surprised me. She never raised an objection. As a matter of fact, I was a little creeped out by the mother-daughter duo happening between Karen and that cop. Doesn’t she worry that someone young enough to be her kid might just want her money?”
“Oh Lord Jesus, do we have to worry about that now, too?” he whined.
“Sorry, babe, it was the conversation among some of the women. Then I felt terrible betraying your aunt. Karen is my best friend, but she’s been alone too long. Your mom even said she was a little taken aback that the minute Steve moved out, Karen seemed to have found the love of her life.”
“Well, let’s see how long it lasts,” he said, pulling into the garage. “You might be jumping to conclusions.”
“We just don’t want Karen to get hurt.”
He turned around to look at her, leaning over the baby with her nipple stretched to reach Nichole’s mouth and he couldn’t help but chuckle. “This is a picture every couple contemplating parenthood should see,” he said. “I sure love you.”
“Thank God, because this is not what I had in mind.”
“Disengage her and let’s get in the house. I’m ready to hide out for the rest of the weekend. We might be taking a raincheck for my mom’s tomorrow.”
“Oh, Ben, I don’t feel right about not going. We can accommodate her a few more months, can’t we? I don’t want to abandon her now.”
“Give me that baby,” he said, reaching in to unbuckle her. “She’s going to sleep tonight, I promise you.”
“Are you going to walk with Lisa?” Liz asked. “It’s too cold to take the baby if you are. That’ll make it easier for you, too.”
“It’s too late to walk,” Ben answered. “I’m getting into sweatpants and into the recliner, and unless you or Nichole need me, I’m not moving until Monday morning.”

“I’ll take more wine if you’re offering,” Maxine said, holding her glass up.
Sitting in the living room, Karen and Anne had stayed after the others left. Alice brought a new bottle in, pouring into outstretched glasses. Having her aunt there with a date felt strange, but she was keeping her thoughts to herself. Evidently, Maxine didn’t think anything of it since she was the one who’d hooked them up.
“So! What did you think of our family get-together?” Maxine asked Anne. “A lot of laundry aired tonight.”
“And remained civil,” Alice added. “It could have gone either way.”
“I’m still figuring out the players,” Anne said. “But it’s not really my concern, is it? I mean, Karen is Kelly’s sister, correct? She seems like a lost soul, but I can observe without judging.”
The words came across harsh to minds affected by wine, but since she was a guest, they didn’t respond right away. Alice stole a glance at Karen, who seemed somewhat taken aback, but was also exercising restraint.
“We’re a close family,” Maxine said. “We want everyone to be happy. And that, my friend, is why you’re sitting with us on a Saturday night, drinking vino.”
“Gotcha,” she said. “Am I to understand, then, that family get-togethers are a weekly affair?”
“You got it,” Maxine said. “Sometimes more than that, and we often have sleepovers.”
She was thinking of Ken’s frequent overnight stays.
“If I drink anymore wine, I’ll be sleeping here,” Karen said, putting her glass down.
“Oh no, you don’t,” Anne said. “You need to take me home. I came with you, remember?”
“Right,” she said, trying to get off the couch without her age showing.
But when she was halfway up, Anne put her hand on Karen’s rear end and pushed, just to help, not making a smart comment. Karen turned around and offered her hand, pulling Anne up, and they all laughed.
“Now if we can just get each other out to the car,” Anne said.
“Are you okay?” Alice asked. “Maybe you should spend the night.”
“Thank you, honey, but I’m not sleeping in the basement,” Karen said. “Let’s go, officer. Get your badge out in case we get stopped.”
“Drive slow,” Maxine said, watching them get into the car.
“They’re fine,” Alice said. “The entire family only drank two bottles of wine tonight.”
They stood in the doorway until the car pulled away from the curb. “Come on, wife. I need some lovin’,” Maxine said, moving Alice away so she could close the door.

Augie waited at the curb until his mother was safely inside the house before he drove off. “I don’t know how much more of this I can take,” he said.
“You’re a good son to her, Aug,” Sandy said. “I think she’s going to be alright.”
“They still have to get a divorce. It’s okay now because no one is fighting over anything. What’s going to happen when they have to divide everything up? The wedding album really bugged the crap out of me.”
“Language,” she whispered, pointing in back.
“They’re asleep or have earbuds in,” he said, looking in the rearview mirror. “Why bring the wedding album out like that? She’s having dinner at her house tomorrow. Wait until then.”
Wondering why her husband was focusing on the album, Sandy imagined that the divorce between Augie’s parents would be hard on their marriage as well. She’d bite her tongue and bide her time. With Augie, there was no other way.

Walking Beaver around the yard one last time for the night, Kelly thought about the atmosphere at Alice and Maxine’s. Searching for the right word, it was uncomfortable. Usually, Saturday afternoon gatherings were fun, game-filled hilarity. Since Steve’s folly with Lee, that is. Since then, there was so much tension between everyone. Perhaps it was simply the detritus Steve left in his wake.
“Come on, Beaver, let’s get inside. I’m freezing,” Kelly called, and he came trotting to the door. Who’d think that a family of adult children would be so affected by divorce? It was shocking.
As she hung up her coat, the same critique of the condition of her house hit her again. Why hadn’t she noticed how shabby it was? Literally rolling up her sleeves with nothing else to do, she’d prepare the living room for painting. It would give her something to sink her teeth into until…whatever happened next happened.
As she began taking the framed photos off the walls, stacking them on end in a box, the reminder that she shouldn’t do anything rash for at least a year came to her; after a divorce or a death, everyone said you should wait a year. The decision to take a leave of absence was definitely premature. She’d call her supervisor and cancel it on Monday if things didn’t quickly improve. Especially with Karen now possibly being occupied, the days stretched out before her lonelier than she could have imagined. Then, strangely, she wanted to talk to Steve. She wondered what he was doing, how he felt. Nothing romantic. She was thinking about the way she’d felt about him when he lived there, spending all their time apart.
At Alice’s, she’d said something about Steve always being in the basement. But the girls told her that every man went off to his lair, the man-cave.
Reaching for her phone, she went to the contacts. Steve. Pressing the number, she saw how late it was. She hoped they weren’t having sex. When he answered, she could hear the cheering of football spectators; she could imagine him sitting in a recliner with a bottle of beer in one hand and a cigar in the other.
Her name had come up on the face of his phone. Lee was with Titan. It felt almost sinful to Steve to be answering a call from his wife.
“Hey,” he said, his heart beating hard.
“Hey, I was just thinking about you and I wanted to ask how you were and what you were up to?”
It was an old joke they shared, a funny greeting. “How are ya, and what are you up to?” When they were kids, they’d answer the phone like that.
“If anyone hears me talking like this, I’m dead meat,” Steve had said to the young Kelly. “My family doesn’t do baby talk.”
“It’s not really baby talk,” she said, smoothing his cheek. “Gosh, I really love you, Steve.”
“Oh, do we have to get all mushy?” he asked, laughing. “But I really love you, too.”
Now they were going to get a divorce, and out of nowhere, Kelly suddenly felt affectionate toward Steve again while he was in love with another woman. She really felt like a jerk.
“I was thinking about you, too,” Steve said. Even though Lee wasn’t there, he kept his voice low.
The admission saddened Kelly, but she didn’t question him, wondering what he was thinking about. It wasn’t important.
“How’s everything there?” he asked, lonely for the idea of his family and nothing more. “Did you see the kids tonight?”
“I did,” she answered. “We had dinner at Alice and Maxine’s.”
It was at that second, saying the girls’ names the decision was made that she wouldn’t tell him anything about Karen and the new girlfriend because it wouldn’t mean anything to him. He’d probably have something sarcastic to say, too.
“How’re the little guys?” he asked. “I sort of miss them.”
He never had that much to do with the grandchildren. Was he regretful she wondered?
“They’re great. They’re getting so big. I mean you’ve only been gone a week. Gosh, has it been that long already? Wow, before we know it, Christmas will be here.”
“Ugh, Christmas,” he said. “Not my favorite.”
“No kidding,” Kelly said, laughing. “So everything’s okay with you, then?”
“Well, you know about Jean, right? I told one of the boys about it, that she died,” he said.
“I’m so sorry,” Kelly said. “Poor Titan. I can’t imagine how sad he must be.”
Those two words, can’t imagine, stunned her for a second. No, she couldn’t imagine Steve dying. Being healthy one day, and the next, deteriorating until he was dead. But she could imagine how sad she’d be. Saying that she couldn’t imagine it was stupid.
“I can imagine, Steve,” she said, suddenly emotional. “I can imagine how horrible it must have been for him, because I’d be devastated if anything happened to you.”
It was a revelation. She was feeling something that to share required exposure, telling Steve her love for him was so huge that she couldn’t go on, that she’d never recover if he died.
“I’m so sorry,” she said with feeling. “I didn’t call you with the intention of unloading on you. But I just thought you should know that my feelings are still that deep for you.”
She thought that if they were characters in a movie, he’d beg her for forgiveness, and they’d live happily ever after. Knowing Steve, he wasn’t going to ask to come back, so she laughed.
“I’m sure you want to hang up now, and that’s okay. I’m glad everyone is getting through this tough time.”
“Oh, Augie called. He said you were going to put Titan up. Kelly, that’s very kind of you,” he said, careful to ignore her heartfelt confession.
“It’s no problem. I have that big empty house and it will make it easier for the kids to see him. Well, Steve, I guess I’ll let you get back to your game. I can hear it.”
“Okay. We’re coming back Tuesday night. Just so you know because of Titan and all.”
“Thanks, Steve. I’ll be ready for him. Goodnight,” Kelly said, and when there wasn’t a reply, she hung up.
The phone in his hand, Steve looked at the face still lit up. He reached for his beer and took a swig. As much as her voice moved him, Steve was through with Kelly. He’d fight every hint of affection he felt for her, every memory of anything good. They’d been together for forty years and that time was up. Now he wanted to be with Lee.
Sticking her phone back in its cradle, Kelly’s smile slowly evaporated. There was nothing coming from him. After all of those years together, she’d have thought he’d at least acknowledge their history. It surprised her that he’d asked about the grandchildren. Yes, it was for the best that this was happening. The fresh pain had settled down to a dull roar, pumping blood through her head with a vengeance.
She sputtered and burst into tears. She had not cried like this yet, the gut-wrenching agony of having her heart torn in two. Even though they had been living under the same roof practically estranged, she’d been in denial. They slept in the same bed. They brushed their teeth into the same sink. She handled his dirty underwear, sticking them into the washer. Occasionally, they joined their bodies. She thought, really, how carnal it was, almost perverse. The man’s penis made specifically to put into the woman, like the bee juicing the flower, like animals mating. What on earth did Mother Nature have in mind when that anomaly was created? Wasn’t it supposed to mean something? Sighing, she thought that statistically, half of married couples didn’t think it meant enough to stay together.
“Okay, stop thinking about him,” she said. “You will not ever call the man again or share any feelings with him.”
Washing her face at the kitchen sink, she looked at her reflection in the window and saw lights sweeping through the yard. Beaver gave a low growl, then got up and started wagging his tail.
Opening the door, she saw Karen and Roger, and her heart did a little flip. Smiling, she took the dog and stood aside for her sister.
“What happened to your date?” Kelly asked.
“It’s late,” Karen said. “It’s almost eleven. Remember, we had coffee at ten o’clock this morning.”
“Oh my God, that’s right! You must be exhausted!”
“Well, thank God she’s not a talker,” Karen said, laughing. “It was relaxing.”
“How’d it end?”
“She asked me if I wanted to get together tomorrow, and of course, I said yes. What do I have to lose? She’s very nice, she’s pretty, she can carry on a conversation that doesn’t revolve around her aches and pains like someone my age might. Plus I always wanted to be a cop.”
“Ha!” Kelly laughed out loud, slapping her knee. “You were always the cop on Halloween.”
“Oh, Lord, never tell her that, please,” Karen begged, laughing.
Then she looked around. “What the hell are you doing?”
“I can’t stand it anymore. I’m going to paint my house!”
“You have lost your mind,” Karen said, unhooking Roger’s leash. “What do you have to eat around here? I’m starving.”
Saturday night turned out to be not that different than it ever was; only the basement was empty.
Chapter 15
Closing up Baker’s house took longer than they thought, and the Boyd-Baker family didn’t get on the road until after six Tuesday night. Titan was running on raw adrenaline, barely getting through the funeral without having a meltdown, simply wanting it to be over. When they got back to his house, his focus was on getting the place ready to be sold.
The nursing agency would send someone over in the morning to get rid of the staircase elevator, the hospital bed - any sign that someone sick had lived there. The housekeeper would be there as well and promised to take care of the refrigerator. She’d also clean up any sickroom supplies.
“When I return, I want normal, like it was last summer,” he said, breaking down. “Before she got so sick. I have to go back to work next Monday.”
“Yes, sir,” she replied. “Don’t worry. It’ll be ready. Send me a text when you’re coming back and I’ll get food in.”
He was putting the house on the market right away. It didn’t make any sense to wait.
Over the weekend, right after Jean died on Saturday, his mother got into action. With his approval, she went through all of Jean’s clothes, offering anything good to her sisters. Jean’s jewelry and mementos Lee would take home until the reading of the will.
“You don’t leave stuff like this in a vacant house,” she said. “I get Stevie to find something, a box or a suitcase we put her treasures in. We pack up your art, too.”
“I don’t want any of it,” he said. “It’s all stuff we bought together.”
“Then Monday I call auction house. But you make sure to take what you want, Titan. Once it gone, it gone forever.”
If Titan was leaving Chicago, she sure as hell wasn’t keeping Baker’s house. “When you call the realtor again, tell him Baker’s house for sale, too.”
“Are you certain that’s what you want, Mom?”
“Yes. I live with Stevie. As soon as his divorce is final, we get married. We’re getting a house, too. You can live with me when I get one.”
“I’ll get my own,” he said, hugging her.

By Monday, Jean’s things were distributed to the family. “She not even in her grave yet,” Lee told Steve. “They like vultures.”
“Don’t they live in town?” Steve asked, confused. “It’s not like they had to be anywhere. What was the rush?”
“I think Titan want the stuff gone,” she whispered.
They didn’t hang around the restaurant after the funeral meal and didn’t invite anyone back to the house.
“They’ve been here for four days,” Titan complained. “I’ve had enough and I need a break. I want to get on the road.”
So at six, he pulled up to the front of Baker’s house and beeped.
“We’re about ready,” Steve called, coming from the house. “Do you want to go ahead?”
“I do, so Kelly’s not inconvenienced.”
“Every time I hear that name, my blood pressure goes up,” Lee hissed.
“Okay, son, text when you get there,” Steve said.
When a car pulled up behind him and beeped, Titan took off.
“Come here,” Steve said, pulling her over. “I love you. I don’t love Kelly. She’s doing Titan a favor letting him stay with her. You didn’t want him alone, so now he won’t be alone.
“You and I are getting married, and you don’t have to worry about Kelly. We’re going to live in the same town, so we’d all better get along.”
“I want her house,” Lee said.
“Well, if she wants to sell it to me, you can have it,” he said, laughing. “Come on. I don’t want to be that far behind Titan.”
A half hour later, they locked up Baker’s house with the best of the Vietnamese souvenirs packed safely in the trunk, and headed toward their new home.

Kelly had called work on Monday about coming back. They were happy she wasn’t going to retire, but they did tell her she should take the rest of the week off. She’d focus on getting the house ready for Titan.
Everyone came for dinner on Sunday with the understanding they were going to paint the living room. They did it too, in one day. On Monday, she went to the store and bought new drapes and a painting for above the couch where the portraits of the kids used to hang. There was nothing she could do about the furniture, but it wasn’t that bad. A few new throw pillows jazzed things up.
The next decision she had to make was where Titan would sleep. The only room they’d redone since the kids left home was Augie’s old room. It was the original master with a tiny attached bath, perfect for a houseguest.
As she shopped, she talked excitedly to her sister about the new bedding she’d found at a home store, and the special dishes she’d cook for him. If he was up to it, she’d have the kids over for dinner.
“It’s weird you’re so excited about entertaining the son of your husband’s mistress,” Karen said, harboring misgivings she should hide from Kelly if she could only discipline herself, which wasn’t happening.
“I’m over it,” Kelly replied. “Having him here is something to look forward to. The kids are excited about meeting him. He seems like a really pleasant man.”
A brief pause in the conversation ensued.
“Why are you so contemptuous?” Kelly asked, nervously stepping out of her comfort zone.
“I’m still pissed off at Steve,” Karen said. “I’m sorry. I guess I don’t have what it takes to be so forgiving.”
“I never said I forgave Steve. I don’t have anything to forgive Titan for. Look, it’ll be fine. I’m looking forward to it. You have Anne now, so I can’t take advantage of you like I’m used to doing.”
“I know I’m being selfish,” Karen admitted. “That’s me! So when do I get to meet this guy?”
“I’ll let you know. Maybe you can come on Wednesday. I’ll just tell him my twin wants to meet him.”
“I’d better get back to work,” Karen said, losing patience.
Kelly wandered around the store, her zeal for a new start at home gone for now.
Once back at home, unloading everything out of the car, she didn’t hear her phone ringing.

In the nursing office, the director of nursing, the union representative, a lawyer, and someone from AA waited for Ken. As soon as his boss summoned him, he knew it was bad.
“It wasn’t just your blood alcohol that we’re here for, Ken,” the director said. “You had detectable cocaine, too.”
Not speaking, Ken thought back to the Saturday before. He’d stayed up late and was still woozy when they called him to come into work, so he did a line just to wake up. It barely gave him a buzz, and by the time he left for work, he was fine.
“What are you going to do?” the representative asked on Ken’s behalf.
“Legally, we have to inform the State Board of Nursing,” the director said. “Ken, you’re an excellent nurse. No one is refuting that. But the complaint about beer breath, and now this, well, it has to be addressed. The usual protocol for someone with a trace amount is to give you vacation time off first. You can take the rest of the week.
“The reprimand includes documented AA meetings, and once you come back to work on Monday, weekly blood work and daily urine tests.
“You’ll have to adhere, or you’ll lose your license. The protocol is determined by the state. All I can do is what they say I’m allowed to do. At least you can still work.”
“Just not this week,” he said, blood boiling.
“Just not this week. Take a deep breath. It’s just the way we have to do it, Ken. It’s not personal by us. Okay? We’ll help you.”
Without acknowledging the others, Ken left the office quickly. Not storming, like he wanted to do, punching the door with his fist and sweeping everything off the desk with his arm.
He tried calling Kelly, but she wasn’t picking up. Terry was at work, but he didn’t want to go home to an empty apartment, having to pretend he was doing something constructive after being sent home from work like a little boy.
Driving through the neighborhood, the old neighborhood, Ken had the inner dialogue about how he knew he was in trouble, but what difference did it make in the scheme of things? He’d do what they wanted and take a week off, like being suspended after getting caught smoking in the high school locker room.
Kelly’s car was parked in the driveway. Pulling up next to it, a memory of coming home from school and having to jockey for a parking space brought a smile to his face. Augie was twelve years older than Ken. When Ken was a boy, watching his big brother pull up to the house in a nice car with all his friends made him proud. He couldn’t wait to be old enough to drive, but it turned out to be a big disappointment. Taking the car key from his father on the day he got his driver’s license, walking down the sidewalk to the car, Ken was so excited. He got in and adjusted everything, put the key in the ignition, and drove slowly off downtown.
However, once he got there, it was no big deal. “No one standing on the curb, waving at you?” Steve teased. “I felt the same way. Why aren’t they cheering for me?”
The conversation was one of the few in which Steve’s focus was completely on Ken. High school graduation was no biggie; after his three older siblings, Ken graduating was an anticlimax. Even college was no big deal.
“I can’t believe I have a son who’s a nurse,” Steve had said. “Especially one with a bachelor’s degree; what a waste of money.”
Remembering the mortified look on everyone’s faces when Steve made his comment, Ken shook his head. It must have hurt his feelings, but he didn’t remember reacting. No one reacted to Steve. It was then that Ken wondered if his father was stupid or possibly mentally ill. If his parents had forced him to go to college like Kelly forced all of them, maybe it would have been different for Steve. Everyone was always making excuses for him. Taking a deep breath - as his boss advised him to when he felt like punching something - he got out of the car to face his mother. They worked at the same hospital. She’d get an earfull the next time she talked to her co-workers.
Seeing his mother standing on a chair in the window doing something with the drapery, Ken waved to her, and she waved him in.
“I guess you’re serious about redecorating,” he said, walking in.
“Just freshening things up,” she said, looking at her watch. “Why are you home so early?”
Then she remembered the random urine and blood test on Saturday. “Oh no.”
“Yep. I didn’t get fired though,” he said. “Just the rest of the week off work, without pay, I might add, a daily pee test, and weekly documented AA meetings. I’ll probably have to see a therapist, too. They didn’t tell me that, but I know of someone else who went through this.
“And I’m sure I’ll get a warning from the State Board,” he added.
“At least you didn’t lose your job,” Kelly said, getting down from the chair. “I’m ready for a break. Do you want lunch?”
“I guess. Terry is not going to be happy,” he said. “Can I move back temporarily if she kicks me out?”
It didn’t occur to him that just as Kelly had enabled Steve, she enabled Ken, and he expected her to do so.
“Ken, really?” Kelly asked. “I don’t see Terry doing that.”
“She’s had it, Mom,” he said. “I’ve been getting away with it for a while now. Getting caught was just a matter of time.”
He followed her into the kitchen. Watching her fill the coffee maker, moving back and forth between the refrigerator and the counter, he could see her weighing something in her head, familiar with the way she approached a crisis.
Lunch was ready, and like he was still a little boy, she brought him a sandwich on a small plate, an orange slice and a strawberry fanned out as a garnish. He always ate the garnish his mother prepared for him. Smiling, he picked up the orange and peeled the rind away.
“The only time I eat a fresh orange is at your house,” he said, biting into it.
Covering his teeth with the peel, he looked up at her with orange teeth.
“Ha!” she said, laughing. “Now you’ll have orange in your teeth.”
“Can I stay in my old room?”
“Of course. I’ll have to clean all the Christmas stuff off the bed. I started to sort through what I have. You know it’s just around the corner.”
“I wish we could bypass it this year,” he replied.
“Yeah, me too. But Augie’s kids are so into it, I’m going to focus on them. It’ll be fun, you’ll see.”
“Mother, you always say that and it’s rarely fun,” Ken said, biting into the sandwich.
“Oh well, you can’t deny I’m always trying to think positively. What I think about this happening to you is that it’s a good thing. It’s a wakeup call. Instead of a mandatory thirty-day sentence for a DUI, you can keep working and just follow a few rules.”
“I’m a drunk, you know that, right?”
“I know you have a problem, but I’m not calling you a drunk.”
Getting up to pour the coffee, Kelly fought a sense of failure unlike anything she’d experienced so far. Her son was admitting he was an alcoholic, and she was denying it.
Turning back, she went right to him. “Ken, I’m sorry. Yes, I know you’re an alcoholic. I’ll try to join you on this journey. God knows, I need it as badly as you.”

Ken was right; Terry kicked him out.
“Go back to your mother’s for a while,” she said. “Being there while you’re getting help will be better than hanging out here. I can’t supervise you.”
“I don’t need supervision, Terry,” he said. “That sucks.”
“And I can’t keep dealing with your defensiveness.”
“Well, that I am. I’ll go pack,” he said, leaving for their room.
“I don’t want to break up,” she said, following him. “I mean, I still love you. I still want you. Maybe we can date. I just can’t deal with your substance abuse any longer.”
“I understand,” Ken said. “I’m glad we’re not married, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health…”
“Ken -”
“Save it, Terry. You made your point, I’m leaving. Let me pack in private. I’ll talk to you later.”
Standing in the hallway, she could hear him opening the closet door for the suitcase, heard the zipper, drawers opening and closing. She stood aside as he came out, dragging the bag behind him.
“I’m sorry, Ken,” she said, feeling guilty.
“Why are you sorry? You didn’t fuck up. I did.” He leaned over to kiss her. “I’ll call you later.”
“Are you going to your mom’s?”
“Yes. And the favored son will be there tomorrow,” he said.
“Oh, jeez, I forgot about him coming,” Terry said. “Do you want…?”
“No, Terry, I don’t want anything. I’ll leave,” he said, struggling to get out the door with his suitcase. “Goodbye.”

Tuesday night right before eleven, Titan pulled up to Kelly’s house. Sending a text to Lee to inform her of his arrival, he felt odd about the situation now that he was able to think rationally. Why had he allowed Lee to talk him into staying with Kelly? It would have been better for him to stay in a hotel.
The light over the porch was on and there were lights on inside. He didn’t know what the routine of the house was, but this wasn’t the first time he showed up on their doorstep after dark.
Shutting the car off, he sat quietly, contemplating. The drive from Chicago had renewed his sense of humanity. He could still enjoy loud rock music, in spite of having a broken heart. Half-way to Dearborn, he stopped for fast-food: chili dogs and fries and a chocolate milkshake, the antithesis of the clean diet he and Jean followed religiously. It hadn’t helped her. If anything, those last days of her life were struggles with guilt over eating yogurt and ice cream, the only things she could keep down.
Looking up at the house, he saw an attractive woman in the window. His lollygagging was probably keeping her up past her bedtime. He reached over the seat for his valise and gathered his computer case and dinner trash.
Watching him getting ready to come in, Kelly had empathy for Titan. He probably felt silly coming to stay with her at the insistence of Steve and his mother.
“He’s tall,” Ken said, standing behind her, pushing the door open. “Titan, do you need any help?”
“No, I’ve got it. Sorry I’m late, and sorry about the inconvenience.”
“You never have to say that again,” Kelly said, looking him in the eye. “I’m so sorry about Jean.”
“Me too. I’m Ken, by the way, fourth in line to the throne.”
It was inappropriate and not that funny, but maybe because of exhaustion after having just driven almost five hours, Titan thought it was hilarious.
“We’re brothers,” Titan said. “I’m second, but I’ll step aside for whoever is next in line.”
“That would be Ben,” Ken said.
“Are you hungry?” Kelly asked, but Titan held up his fast-food trash.
“No, thanks. Two chili dogs, so I may ask for Tums. Where can I throw this?”
Ken took it from him and went back to the kitchen to throw it away. Reaching the trash can, he realized he was smiling. “You’re weird, Ken,” he whispered to himself.
“I’ll take you to your room,” she said, leading him to the staircase. “How long can you stay?”
“I’m taking the next three days off, but Monday I have to be back in Chicago. I hoped I could walk away from my practice with subs in place, but it’s not practical because I want to sell it. Fast. Until that happens, I’ll go back and forth. I appreciate staying here instead of rushing to get an apartment.”
“You have a lot to do,” Kelly said. “None of it fun.”
Placing his things in the closet, Titan looked over at Kelly. “I know you said I didn’t have to say it again, but I’m sorry about all of this. I hope I can convince you that had I known my mother’s plan, I would have never started the search for Steve.”
“Titan, it was for the best. Steve has always loved Lee. They can finally be together. I have a wonderful family, even without him. You mustn’t take that burden of guilt on now or you’ll never recover.”
“I still have to deal with Lee’s betrayal of me, not just of Baker. I hope I can forgive her.”
“It’s better to just move on,” Kelly said, thinking that if Lee had liver cancer, who knew how long she’d be around. “None of us know how long we have on earth, so it’s better to let it go, especially with your mother.”
“You’ve been gracious since I disturbed your life. I can’t believe I had the balls to walk up to your front door. The alternative responses are mind-boggling. You could have shot at me.”
“Beaver didn’t mind you, did you, boy?” she said, bending down to pet the dog. “He must know your family. I’m going to have a glass of wine. I’d admit, I used to have tea, but tonight calls for wine. Ken and I are both off work this week. Do you want to join us?”
“I’d love a glass of wine. I’ll be right down.”
Kelly showed him the bathroom, where she kept extra blankets, and then left. In the kitchen arranging cheese on a paper plate, Ken had the wine uncorked and three glasses ready. Not commenting about the plate, Kelly let the unimportant go and would try to do so from now on. If Titan minded cheese on a paper plate, they’d deal with it.
“Thank you so much. I like having you around,” she said, laughing. “Is that wrong?”
“Is it wrong that I like being back home? I can add that to my résumé`. AA member, coke head, alcoholic, lives with Mom.”
“Stop,” she said, unhappy with even a sarcastic description of her beloved middle son. “I’ve been thinking a lot lately about where I failed as a parent.” She raised her hand to his objections. “Hear me out. I thought by working afternoons and nights, you kids wouldn’t be affected by my absence. I thought by having Grandma Boyd here that all your needs would be met. I never felt like she wasn’t a good babysitter, but your father wasn’t happy that she was around.”
“It was fine. She was always cheerful. I don’t remember her ever reprimanding anyone. We’d laugh and horse around, and then Dad would get home and the atmosphere definitely changed.”
“In what way?” Kelly asked, not sure if she should have brought the topic up now. Be careful what you ask for.
“He was just Dad. Grandma helped him get dinner on the table and then she’d leave. Dinner was something to get through. He occasionally got into fights with Augie, but I was so young I don’t remember what they were about. We were all happy when you switched to night shift.”
“Well, sorry about that,” she said. “I know there’s nothing I can do about it now. I’m glad going to nights worked out for the family because it about killed me.”
“I hate it, too,” Ken said. “Take my fancy cheese platter in, please, and I’ll bring the wine.”
Shortly after, Titan came down the stairs. Much later, Kelly used the word bright to describe him. His eyes were glassy, his normally sallow complexion ruddy, like he’d been out in the cold for a long time.
Ken noticed it, too, and didn’t waste any time checking him out. “You okay, buddy? You look spent.”
“Yeah, that’s probably a good word for it. I’m starting to feel again instead of walking around in a stupor, and I think the stupor might have been better. I guess I’d better try to pull it together.”
“Hey, man, your wife just passed four days ago. I think you can take a week to feel like crap.”
“Sit down, Titan,” Kelly said, leading him away from the uncomfortable chairs. “As my son so eloquently put it, Jean just died. Time to cut yourself a break.”
“I want to stop talking about myself. When a spouse dies, everyone looks at you, waiting for you to collapse into a heap.”
“Is that what you want to do?” Ken asked.
“Not really,” Titan said. “I’m giving myself a year. In a year, I hope my business will be gone, the house sold, my mother settled.” Catching himself, it was too late, the words lingered in the air. “I’m sorry. Even if we hadn’t found Steve, she was still in mourning for my father. For Ted Baker. Poor Ted, I feel like I need to tell you about him.”
“Please, tell us,” Kelly said. “Believe it or not, he has an important role in my story, too. I wonder if Steve has asked about him.”
“According to my mother, he’s a little jealous. I don’t understand the dynamics.”
“Do you mean the dynamics of Steve and Lee?” Kelly asked.
“Yes. You see, I could understand the lies to Ted Baker. She was desperate, pregnant and alone. The rumors came down that Saigon was going to fall, and the US forces were leaving.
“After Steve left Vietnam, my mother said she latched on to Baker right away. I understood her panic. He accepted that I was his son. He was able to get our visas in process. But this is what baffles me. I’m sure if she’d told Steve that she was pregnant, he’d have done the same thing. Instead of lying to Ted Baker, she could have maintained a relationship with Steve. But they didn’t do that.”
“Because he was married,” Kelly said. “Augie and I were here, waiting for him. I don’t understand why he came back to us if he was as in love with Lee as he says he was. I’ve questioned him about it as well, asking him why he didn’t bring you both back. I think he was just too young.”
Ken squeezed her hand, holding on to her while they talked.
“How old was Ted?” Ken asked.
“My mom’s age,” Titan said. “Maybe because he was an officer, he had more clout. I really don’t know. I thought he was my father. He used to tell me that the year after I was born during the time my mother and I were in Laos, he would fly over to see us every month. The separation about killed him.
“I know Steve isn’t to blame for my mother’s betrayal of Baker. But I feel like he has some responsibility.”
“This is heavy conversation for white wine. Anyone mind if I get a scotch? AA doesn’t start until tomorrow.”
“Do we have to share every detail with Titan?” Kelly said, feeling anxious.
“Damn right, I think we do,” Ken said. “If he’s going to hang around here for long, he might discover a few things about his real father that he won’t like.”
“I’ll have scotch, too,” Titan said, his anxiety palpable. “I don’t need to know anything right now.”
“I’m not surprised,” Ken said, handing him a tumbler with straight scotch. “You might want to rethink moving so close to us, however. We have a string of dirty laundry slowly unfurling. It’s out of our control.”
“Thanks to me,” Titan replied. “But I need to stay close to my mother because her health isn’t great. You know she has liver cancer, correct?”
“Our issues have nothing to do with you, Titan,” Kelly said. “I made the best of a bad situation when I probably should have divorced Steve right away. But then I wouldn’t have my children, and you’ll discover my life revolves around them.”
“Yeah, thanks, Dad,” Ken said, giving Kelly the thumbs-up.
Titan burst out laughing. “It feels good to laugh. We haven’t had much reason to lately.”
A phone beeped and everyone checked theirs for a message.
“My mother wants to see me. They’re parked out in front,” Titan said, standing.
“Invite them in,” Kelly said. “It’s too cold and too late to be standing out on the curb.”
“If you’re sure,” he said, reluctant to impose.
“Absolutely,” she said.
“It’ll be good to see old Dad,” Ken said, making a valiant attempt at not slurring his words.
The door closed and Kelly turned to Ken. “Take it easy, will you? This isn’t the last supper.”
“Yes, it is, and I plan on getting wasted,” he said. “Why the hell would my father cave and show up here after midnight?”
“I actually figured they might pull something like this,” she said, sighing. “He doesn’t care…”
“About anyone but himself,” Ken said, completing her sentence. “You can say it, Mother.”
“Why bother? Oh great, here they come! I thought he’d use his common sense and not impose, but no! Lee has to have what Lee wants.”
The chaos of new arrivals ensued, Kelly pretending she was a greeter at their local Walmart, standing off to the side with a smile plastered on her face, and Ken acted host, offering wine, which they accepted.
“Titan stay by you because we don’t want him to be alone,” Lee said.
“Mom, she can figure it out,” Titan said, mouthing I’m sorry to Kelly.
“Thank you, Kelly,” Steve said. “We really appreciate it.”
She ignored him, offering them the chairs by the fireplace while Ken went to the kitchen for more glasses. In spite of Ken and Kelly’s place on the couch clearly marked by their glasses and phones, Lee led Steve over to sit so they wouldn’t be separated by the uncomfortable chairs.
“Why aren’t you in your hotel?” Titan asked. “It’s late.”
“We got a bite to eat, and when we returned to the hotel, they were booked,” Steve said, throwing a pleading glance Kelly’s way.
“Surely that’s not the only hotel in town,” Titan replied, alarmed.
“No, but the other one is too expensive,” Steve whined.
It appeared they were going to ask to stay at Kelly’s, and by the look on her face, it was not going to be okay.
“Steve, you’re not staying here,” Kelly said. “I can see what’s happening, and I won’t be manipulated. As a matter of fact, you should leave. The only reason I’m being civil now is for Titan’s sake, but clearly, you don’t have the same sense of responsibility.”
“Go, Mom!” Ken whispered, returning with the glasses.
Reluctantly, Steve stood, reaching out for Lee’s hand. “I guess it was pretty nervy of us,” he said. “Sorry. Titan, we’ll talk tomorrow.”
“I don’t see why we should leave,” Lee said. They looked at her, shocked. “This Stevie’s house too, not just Kelly Boyd’s.”
“I’ll walk you out,” Titan said, putting his hand on her back, but she shrugged him off.
“I’m not going! If Stevie don’t act like a man, I’ll get what belongs to him. Kelly Boyd thinks she can keep this big old house.”
“I did leave,” Steve said gently, pushing her toward the door. “I lost my rights to the house then. Come on, honey. We go uptown and find nice hotel.”
Trying not to laugh, Kelly and Ken watched Steve coddling Lee, beginning to even sound like her, her words echoing in the still of the night.
“I wonder why you take me to that fleabag!”
“Nice,” Ken said.
“Is this going to be our life from now on, those two thinking only of themselves?” Kelly asked.
“Well, I guess this is it,” he replied, looking at his glass, half full of scotch. “Tomorrow is AA and a blood test. I’ll probably still be drunk.”
“I’ll drive you,” she said, watching Titan trying to pacify his mother and failing.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Ken asked. Kelly frowned and shook her head. “How did that guy come from those two?”
“Why not? I had six smart kids with the man.”
“I don’t know, there’s just something that feels off, don’t you feel it?” Ken asked.
Kelly frowned, but she had to agree. “Ya think?”
“I’ll be honest and ask him to get a DNA test. I’ll say it seems so unlikely. It would be so sad if he went through this for nothing.”
“Yes, how sad. And how unfair, unless Lee really thought she was pregnant by Steve,” she said, sighing, knowing she was exposing too much to Ken. “Amazing. Over a week has passed, and I still get physically ill when I think of him with her all those years ago. Not now so much. When you see them together, it’s almost like a charade. Dad calling someone honey? Are you kidding me?”
“Here he comes,” Ken said, feeling brave from the scotch.
“I apologize again,” Titan said, coming inside. “I was wondering out there if this is what the rest of our life will be like. My mother is unconscionable at times.”
“Ha! I just asked Ken if this is our life,” Kelly said.
“You don’t have to keep apologizing for her,” Ken said. “I was thinking that it seems a little unlikely that Steve is your father. From what you’ve told us about Ted Baker, he’s a more probable candidate.”
“I’ve thought that, too. I’m going to have a DNA test. I’ve called around and there’s a testing lab here. I can go tomorrow. If it turns out Baker is my father, I don’t know what that will do to my relationship with my mother.”
“She may have thought she was pregnant, Titan,” Kelly said. “We can give her the benefit of the doubt.”
Ruminating on that for a minute, she began to clean up from their impromptu party. “If you’ll excuse me, I’m exhausted. I bet you two are too. We can pick up where we left off tomorrow. Or maybe not.”
The men laughed, helping her take their glasses and bottles to the kitchen.
“I’ve got AA in the morning, so you two can continue with this lively conversation.”
“Thank you again, Kelly, Ken, you too. You’ve both been so gracious. I can’t say I would be in the same circumstances.”
“Poor Titan,” Ken said, leading him to the staircase. “Guilt is a terrible thing.”
“I was born guilty,” he replied. “Lee’s my mother, remember?”
“Goodnight!” Kelly said, closing the door to her room and to the conversation.
Preparing for bed, she took a look around the room before she switched the light off.
“This is my next project,” she said out loud.
She’d make a new room for her new life.
Chapter 16
Kelly stayed in bed long after the usual time. She heard the shower running above her and footsteps on the staircase. Ken had an early AA meeting. Feeling guilty about not being up to wish him well, she had to redirect herself; he wasn’t a boy going off to school. The last thing he probably wanted was to make small talk with his mother. Dozing again for a while, the dog scratched at her door to get in, waking her. He would have slept with Ken last night, a treat because Ken cuddled with the dog in the bed.
“Come on, Beaver,” she said, walking through the house toward the back porch.
When she reached the kitchen, she had a surprise. The person of Titan Baker sat at her kitchen table. She’d forgotten he was there. Quickly smoothing her hair back, it was hopeless; she was in a pair of sweatpants and a T-shirt with no bra.
“Good morning,” she said, opening the door for Beaver.
“I made coffee,” he said. “I hope that was okay.”
“Of course! It’s a treat to have someone else make coffee for me,” she said, reaching for a mug. “How’d you sleep?”
“Like a drunk,” he said. “I’ll pay for it today.”
“When I finish this,” she said, “I’m going for a run. That’s the only thing that cures my hangovers.”
“That’s the craziest thing I ever heard of,” he said, trying not to check her out. “So you run.”
“I do. It keeps me sane,” she said.
“It’s probably why you’re in such good shape,” he said, sipping coffee. The brazenness of what he said hit him and he sputtered, “I can be tactless, too, obviously. I’m so sorry.”
“Ha! Titan, you never have to apologize for telling a woman she’s in shape, especially one old enough to be your mother.”
“I guess that’s obvious since you’re Augie’s mother, but if I may say as a physician, you don’t look old enough to be the mother of all these adults.”
Watching her reach into the refrigerator for coffee creamer, he was admiring her from more than a physician’s viewpoint. He’d noticed last night how attractive she was, and how kind.
“I am their mother, I’m sure of it,” she said, smiling. “I had Augie right out of high school, right before Steve left for Vietnam. So, you see, I could be your mother, too.”
“Jean was older than I am,” he said. “She was so youthful, no one could believe her age. Of course, everyone at the hospital knew because she was my attending physician when I was a resident. My mother doesn’t know this. I chose not to tell my parents about the age difference because they were narrow minded regarding conventional things like age.”
“So you knew her for a long time,” Kelly said, encouraging him to talk.
“An orthopedic residency is five years. We got married as soon as I finished. We opened our clinic the following year.”
“Will it be difficult for you to leave it?” she asked.
“No. I wish I never had to go back. My wife was the heart and soul of that place. I’ll be lost without her there. It’s much better for it to have new life breathed into it from someone else.”
“So you were together for…”
“Married for ten,” he answered. “It flew by.”
“You were busy, starting a big practice like that. I can’t imagine the work. Or the expense.”
“Oh, I’m mortgaged to the hilt,” he said. “That’s another reason I’m anxious to sell it. I’m tired of the pressure.”
Kelly got up for more coffee.
“Do you want to run with me?” she asked, shocking herself; she hated having a running partner.
“You mean run away?” he asked, smirking.
“No, road work,” she replied, laughing. “Like put on your sneakers and run.”
“Sure,” he said. “I’ve already embarrassed myself on a nonstop basis for the last twelve hours, what’s another hour’s worth of humiliation?”
“Stop,” she said, laughing in typical Kelly Boyd mode. “It’ll be nice, you’ll see. Getting out will give you a chance to clear your head.”
“It needs clearing.”
“We’ll go out after we finish coffee,” she said, leaning against the counter. “If you feel like talking about your mother, I’d like to know more about her.”
It was true, Kelly’s curiosity about the kind of woman compelling enough to lure a man away from an ancient marriage had not been satisfied in the few, unsatisfactory encounters they’d had. She wanted to accept Lee because it might become important for her children. Their relationship with Steve was evolving, and it was possible someday they might all be close.
“Believe it or not, my mother was doting. She’s so selfish right now I barely recognize her. But when I was a child, everyone loved coming to our house because of my mother. I never asked her why she didn’t have more children, because she seemed to enjoy me so much. My father was attentive as well, but not to the extent of my mother.
“This is amusing - my image of my mother is always in the kitchen with rice flour on her hands, making something to eat. Almond cookies or dumplings. She worked at the Formica table in the bay window at the front of the house. My mother wore an apron, too. The way she dresses now - spandex and those big tops - that’s more for comfort because she has some ascites from the liver disease. But when I was growing up, my mother was very stylish. I remember her wearing capris and ballet slippers with an angora sweater that my father had given her as a gift.”
“What was he like?”
“My dad was great. He was jovial and kind. Everyone loved Ted Baker. Clearly he was easily duped.”
Titan stopped talking, looking down in his cup. “You said before that maybe she just thought she was pregnant when Steve left Vietnam and I really am Ted Baker’s son. I want to know for sure.”
“We’ll run uptown,” Kelly answered. “The lab you were talking about is a mile from here.”
Returning to her room to dress, the phone rang and it was Karen. “I know you have craziness there,” she said. “I talked to Liz this morning. You go ahead and tell me and then I’ll tell you my news.”
“No! You tell me your news first. I can hardly wait!”
“Well, this might be a match. Anne isn’t looking for a mom, like we thought. She’s a take-charge kind of gal. When we’re together, she makes suggestions for things she’d like to do. If I want to do something, she’s game. For instance, on the first date it was really her idea to go to Eastern Market. This weekend she wants to flea market if the weather dries up. What’s with this early snow garbage?”
“That’s great, Karen. Are you getting together during the week?”
They chatted a while longer about Anne, and then Karen asked what was going on there.
“Did Titan show up?”
“Oh yes,” she replied. “We’re going to run together this morning. You won’t believe what happened last night.”
Relating the drop-in of Lee and Steve made it sound so much worse than it was. “I’m worried that she’s going to be a frequent visitor in my house, and I don’t know if I can tolerate it. She’s so unpleasant. But I need to get moving. Can I call you at lunch?”
They agreed to chat later.
Unconsciously, Kelly took an extra minute preparing for the run. Rarely stopping to chat with anyone but their neighbor when she was out, today would be different. She didn’t know Titan, and it was possible he was communicating with his mother and Steve, relating every second that had passed under Kelly’s roof. She didn’t want a detailed description of how awful she looked to be part of that chat, her pride ruling.
He was waiting for her in the living room, wearing a Chicago Medical School knitted cap on his head, sweatpants and a down-filled jacket, obviously used to freezing temperatures.
“It’s warmer out there today,” she said, looking at the weather app on her phone. “It’s 34!”
“Brrrrr! I hate the cold,” he said as they left the house.
“You’ll warm up soon, promise,” Kelly said, walking backwards. “You can do it!”
Soon they were out of the neighborhood, near greenspace. The sidewalk was wide enough to run side by side. They didn’t talk. Kelly tried to keep her mind blank, but Steve kept creeping in. There were enough good times to sustain her, and then when there weren’t, their history kept her strong. It was that history with him, the children, and the milestones that would be tempting to use to glorify the relationship.
Watching him with Lee, now that was real love. He was tender toward her; he looked at her with love. It had felt like a punch to the gut.
“I think my husband really loves your mother,” she said. “It will take me a while to get used to it.”
“I’m sorry,” Titan said, out of breath. “Like I said, if I’d known…”
“No. This is better. He didn’t love me. He might have felt trapped; I don’t know why he stayed. He claims he loved me, but I don’t know how that’s possible after what I saw last night, how loving he is to her.”
“My mother seemed devoted to Baker,” he said, slowing down. “Can we walk for a while?”
“Sure. Let’s go into town and sit at a café. I’m ready for more coffee.”
“Yes, a chair and coffee,” he replied. “My mother waited on my father hand and foot, like she was his slave. Up until the end, he resisted. For all those years, every time she’d serve him, he’d say, ‘Lee, you don’t have to do this,’ and look up at her with love in his eyes. I grew up knowing my father loved my mother.”
“Wow, what a beautiful testimony of your father’s love. But it makes me sad,” Kelly said. “My children won’t be able to say that. Steve was unaffectionate. I learned early not to try to engage him because he would freeze up like a statue. He’s even pushed me away when I tried to hug him. It’s been years, but the rejection still hurts.”
Realizing what she’d just confessed to a stranger, something she’d never said out loud upset Kelly further. Now she had that regret on top of the other things.
It was surprisingly warm outside, the snow quickly melting. A bright, shining sun had the power to make Kelly sad, taunting her heartbreak. But with a companion, she was almost enjoying it. They arrived at the café.
“What do you want?” she asked.
“No, you don’t,” Titan said. “You aren’t paying for my coffee. What do you want?”
“I’m going to be bad,” she said. “Mocha cappuccino and a pain au chocolat.”
Titan moaned. “Mmmm. I’m having that, too.”
Giving their order, he looked over his shoulder at Kelly. “Make that three pain au chocolat.”
The barista laughed, understanding that sometimes, one apiece wasn’t enough. They took their food back outside, even though they had to brush snow off their table.
“We look like diehards,” Titan said.
“Diehard pigs?” Kelly asked, taking a pastry and biting.
“No! Athletes. Look at us, running to the coffee shop and getting our daily calorie allowance for a snack.”
“I personally don’t care,” she replied. “The pleasure of being as old as I am is that I get to eat what I want. The positive side of being single is that no one will care if I get fat.”
“I find that hard to believe, both that you can get fat, and that no one will care,” Titan said, studying her face.
“Oh, it’s true,” she said.
They watched traffic and drank coffee for half an hour, and when it was time to leave, they said so at the same time. “I think we are attuned to each other,” Titan said. “You’re on the same wavelength I’m on.”
Splitting the last pastry before they left, they were chatting about easy topics when Reggie walked up to the café.
“Reggie,” Kelly called, getting up to go to him. “Come sit with us. You can meet Titan.”
“I feel like I already know him,” he said, deadpan.
“Well, come and do it formally. He’s lovely.” She took his arm, kissing his cheek.
“Titan, this is my youngest son, Reggie.”
Titan stood up, towering over poor Reggie, and offered his hand. “You’re my youngest brother, then,” he said. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Likewise,” he said. “I’d better get my coffee and be on my way.”
“Wait. You work here in the afternoon,” Kelly said. “Why on earth are you getting coffee now?”
“Actually, I’m dating the baker,” he said. “I try to get in here every morning to say hello.”
“Should I meet her?” Kelly asked, feeling uncertain.
Reggie had never mentioned he was seeing anyone. It had crossed her mind that he might be gay but afraid to come out because of his father’s response.
“If you want to,” he answered, shifting his eyes from the ground up to her face. “She already knows about you. She might know you, too.”
“From coming in here?” Kelly asked, pointing over her shoulder.
“She’s a nursing student. She worked as an aide on your floor last summer.”
Heart sinking, Kelly remembered a young woman, a chubby, unkempt girl with piercings and tattoos. Although she was an excellent aide, patients complained that her nose ring made them nauseous. The girl behind the counter today reminded her of that aide, dreadlocks pinned up under a bonnet of sorts, like a Rastafarian.
“Oh, I see,” Kelly said, consciously arranging her features to be neutral when her nose wanted to flare.
“Well, let’s go meet her,” Titan said, putting his hand on Kelly’s back.
That sensation removed all the angst she had about meeting the girl with tatts and dreads, his giant surgeon hand burning a hole through her woolen jacket, layers of silk long johns, and thermal running clothes. By the time she was face-to-face with Reggie’s new girlfriend, Belinda Potts, she was giddy.
“Hi, Belinda!” she said, unusually cheerful. Reggie took a second look at Kelly to see if she was serious. “I do remember you from the summer. How nice to meet you again.”
“I’m hard to forget,” she said, smiling, pleasant.
Meeting her turned out to be okay, because Kelly could see that Reggie was happy. Happy was not an adjective anyone would ever use for Reggie. Frightened, worried, serious, committed, now those were words that described him.
Kelly watched the dynamic between Titan and Reggie and Belinda, the sincere interest they seemed to have in each other, and it began to balance the awful rejection from Steve that had haunted her that morning. Things were evening out again. It might only last for this moment in the café, but she’d take it and run, not examining it too closely.
Another advantage to Steve being gone - Reggie would be free to bring Belinda to family get-togethers without being petrified that something might be said that would hurt her.
“Do you want to have coffee with us?” Reggie asked, seeming to want them to stick around.
Kelly and Titan looked at each other, agreeing that they should be on their way. They’d had their full calorie quotient for the day.
“If you stay, I’ll bring out a cheesecake I just made an hour ago. Chocolate peanut butter.”
“I thought you were a nurse,” Titan said.
“A nurse wannabe who bakes,” she said, smiling. “Honest, sit down and let me serve you. Unless you really have to go.”
“No, we were just being polite,” Titan said, and they laughed.
“It’s too cold to sit out there,” Reggie said. “You know my mother lowers her standards for me when I come around.”
“I find it hard to believe that it’s necessary,” Titan said. “Tell me more about your master’s studies.”
They talked for another hour, and finally Kelly had had enough sugar and enough caffeine. “Now we really have to run!” she said.
“She’ll probably let you off easy,” Reggie said. “My mother is merciless. I collapsed once trying to run with her.”
“Reggie…” Kelly started, flushing.
“No, Mom, they need to know,” he said, and she burst out laughing.
“It wasn’t my fault you had appendicitis,” she said defensively.
“Oh no!” Titan said.
“Yep, I had a bellyache, and she said I was probably constipated and a run would help resolve it. Well, it sure did. I shit my pants and then had to be rushed to the hospital.”
Belinda bellowing, they all laughed at his description, Kelly trying to rationalize her reason for making him move around but the others not buying it.
The bell on the door jingled and they looked up as Augie walked in. Kelly quickly surmised he was confused why they were sitting around the café table laughing like idiots.
“Doesn’t anyone work in my family? I just saw Ken at McDonald’s.”
“I work afternoons,” Reggie said. “Why aren’t you working?”
“I’ll get there after I eat,” Augie said.
“I’m off till Monday,” Kelly replied.
“And I’m soon to be unemployed,” Titan said. “But not for long.”
“What are you doing here?” Reggie asked.
“Sandy’s on a diet and I’m starving to death,” Augie said. “What’s good today?”
“I just made cheesecake,” Belinda said.
“How about a cheese sandwich?” Augie asked. “With bacon and egg on it?”
“I’m honored you’d come in here when you could have had McDonald’s,” she said.
“Hey, aren’t you my brother’s girlfriend?”
“You could say that,” she said, smiling.
Kelly watched her children again, observing that they seemed okay in spite of everything they were all going through. After spending fifteen minutes with Belinda, Kelly no longer noticed her altered body; it had been the same thing at work. Although here she was dressed in tight jeans and a low cut T-shirt with her breasts spilling out of it, at the hospital she was starched and proper, only her nose ring and the tattoos on her hands visible.
“You’ll be a good nurse,” Kelly blurted out, embarrassing herself.
Everyone stopped talking and Belinda was surprised. “I will be?”
“Yes. I just thought I’d throw that in while I was thinking of it. I think I’ve had too much sugar.”
“Thank you,” Belinda replied, rising to get Augie a sandwich.
“I have to get back to school. I’ll be back at three,” Reggie said, leaning in to kiss Belinda before she walked off.
“Great, everyone leave me,” Augie said.
Belinda called from the kitchen, “I’ll sit with you.” 
“Thanks,” Augie called out.
Kelly stood, stretching. “I’ll have to do more than a few miles to burn that cake off. Good lord, I feel like a pig.” She put out her hand. “Come on, stepson, get up.”
“He is your stepson!” Augie said, observing his mother with the stranger. “That’s amazing.”
Titan let Kelly pull him out of his chair.
“You’re taller than I am,” Augie said, standing. “Let’s measure.”
They stood back to back, and sure enough, Titan was at least two inches taller.
“That’s odd,” Augie said. “No offense but your mother is a tiny little thing. I’d think you’d be at least my dad’s height or shorter.”
“Ted Baker was six five,” Titan said. “Just sayin’.”
“Yes, but he’s not your father,” Augie said. “Unless I’m missing something.”
“Unless he is,” Titan replied. “I’m going to spit into a test tube right now.”
“Oh jeez, I’m sorry,” Augie said. “I’m really sorry. This sucks.”
“He’ll still be around,” Kelly said. “Dad loves Lee, so they’ll all be here.”
“Buddy, I’m sorry,” Augie repeated. “Talk about putting my foot in my mouth.”
“You didn’t,” Titan said. “And the height thing might be nothing. We’ll soon find out.”
“So, my mother has you running around town with her?” Augie asked as they put their jackets on.
“Why does everyone imply that it’s torture to run with me? Jeesh.”
“Because it is,” Augie said, laughing. “Don’t let her guilt you into it, because she’s good at it. You’ll be running with her everyday if you’re not careful.”
“Here’s your sandwich,” Belinda said, placing it in front of Augie and sitting down again with a cup of tea.
“I need the exercise,” Titan said. “And it’s good for my head.”
“I’m glad,” Augie replied. “You’ve been through it this week.”
“Let’s go,” Kelly said. “I’m roasting.”
She bent down and kissed Augie, waved to Belinda and walked out, Titan tagging along behind her.
“Is the lab our next stop?” Kelly asked.
“The lab it is. But I’m afraid they’ll discover I’m part cheesecake, part pain au chocolat.”
Chapter 17
Wednesday morning, Steve went back to work, leaving Lee with a newspaper and a stack of rental magazines. By the time he returned to the hotel with their lunch, she’d found several places, called the agents, and made arrangements to look when he was finished with work that evening.
“Good job!” he praised her. “We’ll find something, and hopefully we can move in right away.”
“What about furniture? My old junk in Chicago can stay in Chicago. Kelly Boyd have ugly furniture, I don’t want nothing from your old house.”
“We can get new stuff. You can pick out what you want, and as soon as we have an address, we’ll have it delivered.”
“Everything so easy nowadays,” Lee said. “Not like old days where you go order furniture and it comes two months later.”
“What’s Titan going to do with his stuff?” Steve asked. “He had all that modern furniture.”
“We pack up the good, and he sell the rest of it,” she said, frowning. “Titan not call me yet. He too busy with Kelly Boyd.”
Looking at her phone to see the time, Steve could see she was annoyed. “The boy was up late, Lee. Let’s give him a break, okay? He’s been through a lot this week.”
“Don’t tell me how to treat my son,” she said, her nose in the air.
“I’d never do that,” Steve said. “You’re a wonderful mother. But you could call him if you’re concerned.”
“I don’t like to bother him,” she said. “I’ll wait. Maybe you take me to Kelly Boyd’s again after work.”
“If you’re sure you want to do that, I’d better call her this time. We didn’t make a very good impression last night.”
“Let’s eat,” she said. “You talk while I starve.”
“Okay, it’s right here, my dear,” he said, laughing. “Your favorite, pork fried rice and egg rolls.”
“You take good care of me,” Lee said.
***
After Steve left for work, Lee called Titan’s number, but he didn’t answer. He was chasing after Kelly on the last stretch before they reached her block.
“Augie’s right!” he shouted. “This is torture.”
“We’re almost there! Stop whining.”
They reached the cross street. With his hand on his knees, Titan was trying to catch his breath while Kelly laughed at him.
“You’re so dramatic,” she said. “Good lord, that wasn’t even a mile!”
“I think you’re wrong,” he said. “Jeez, I hope I’m not having a heart attack.”
“Do you have chest pain?” she asked.
“No, I just long to lie down on the sidewalk.”
“Well, come on, let’s cross and get home,” she said, laughing. “You can lie on my couch and recover.”
“Thank you,” he said. “Thank you for helping me not have to think about the last five years. It’s hard to believe she’s gone. And for the first time, I didn’t think about it for an entire hour.”
“What happened for five years?” Kelly asked.
“She was sick all that time,” Titan said, his breath starting to slow down. “I knew she was sick when I met her. With all the new treatments, I didn’t think it would kill her. I was wrong.”
“I didn’t know,” Kelly said. “I’m so sorry. I can’t imagine what that must have been like for you both.”
They walked out into the street to avoid a low area of the sidewalk flooded with melted snow. Reaching out for her, Titan did it automatically, helping another human being, and Kelly reached for his helping hands, jumping across the water holding on to him just as Steve drove by.
They were talking so comfortably with each other, Steve couldn’t believe it. They were even laughing. He drove right by and they didn’t even notice. Steve was glad Kelly was taking care of Titan at night, and then he thought, I don’t mean it that way. Titan had a place to stay, and for that, Steve was grateful. But it was strange that he was with Kelly instead of his own mother. Should he call Titan and tell him Lee was annoyed? He was still navigating the relationship with Titan. Steve felt completely comfortable with him, but Titan was still in shock. Wisely, Steve didn’t think Titan would appreciate a reminder from him.
Driving around the block, he wanted to peek between the houses and see…well, he didn’t know what he expected, and now he was curious. They had just reached the house, and it was plain to see even from a distance that they were talking intently, not aware of their surroundings.
He was going to be late, so he moved on, confused about his curiosity, not understanding what it was. And then a lightbulb went off, and he understood. He was jealous! Not that they were together like a man and woman, but that Kelly was getting one-on-one time with Titan, and Steve and Titan hadn’t had that yet. What would he even talk about with Titan? He wondered if they’d ever have anything in common. The knowledge made him sad. They’d have Lee in common, and that would be it.
“You’re being ridiculous,” Steve said out loud. “You’ll find common ground after you get to know each other. The same with my other sons. Better late than never.”
A siren got his attention, and a flash of blue light. Looking in his rearview mirror, he saw a police car.
“Oh, damn,” he mumbled, stopping the car along the curb.
Then he saw Maxine, his daughter Alice’s partner, walking toward the car. Rolling down the window, he looked up at her.
“You okay, Mr. Boyd?”
“Hi, Maxine,” he said, slouching down in his seat. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
“You were driving five miles an hour along the curb,” she said. “I was worried about you.”
“I was spying on my house,” he said, defeated. “My wife and my new son were out running together. I just wanted to watch them go back inside.”
“Ah, I gotcha,” she said.
“I’m jealous because I don’t have anything to say to my kids. Kelly always did, and now she’s talking to Titan. It just hit me that maybe I can have a relationship with my kids if I put a little effort into it.”
“It takes a lot of work to be in a relationship, that’s for sure,” she said.
Looking up at her again, the thing about Maxine that everyone saw - how self-assured, level-headed, and honest she was - was finally apparent to Steve, too. He didn’t see her skin color or her cop uniform for the first time.
“Do you have time for a cup of coffee?” Steve asked.
“You’re asking me to drink coffee with you,” she stated, incredulous.
“Yes. I want to know my daughter, so I need to know you, too, if you’ll forgive me. Give me a chance.”
“Why would I do that?” she asked.
“Well, you could give me a break, I guess. Understand that I’m just an old redneck.”
He was so sincere, and it was so surprising to Maxine, that she readily agreed. “I’d love to have coffee with you and talk about Alice. She won’t believe it though. I’ll have to take a picture with you.”
She crouched down by the window with her face next to Steve’s, and smiling, snapped a picture. Then she sent it in a group text, without Steve included, of course. Me and Steve, going for coffee.

Reggie was behind the counter when Steve and Maxine walked in for coffee, and almost passed out.
“Didn’t you get my text?” she asked, seeing he was disturbed.
“Ah, no, I’m working,” he answered. “I think I’m going to faint.”
“Son, I’m sorry,” Steve whispered. “I’ll try harder to be a better father.”
Not believing it, trying to focus on the coffee pot, Reggie thought the stars had misaligned or something astronomical had just occurred, because the weird relational things happening didn’t make any sense.
“Hey, Dad, that’s okay,” Reggie said. “Don’t sweat it. What can I get you?”
While he prepared their coffee, Ken, driving by, sent the next text, missing Maxine’s completely.
I’m not sure if I have the DTs, or there’s something really wrong in the universe, but I just saw Dad going into the coffee shop with Maxine.
Lisa answered him right away. Check your messages. Maxine sent a picture.
He scrolled through his messages and saw the one he missed; Maxine, standing next to Steve’s rental car and Steve in the seat, looking like he was about to be arrested.
What’s going on? he texted.
Are you at the coffee shop? Alice texted back. You should go inside.
I’m down the street, he texted. I don’t want to disturb what’s happening in there. But poor Reggie.
While the family commiserated, wishing they could be a fly on the wall of the coffee shop, Kelly texted Reggie to take notes about what he’d heard.
Pouring the coffee, Reggie was trying to keep one ear peeled. Arranging it on a tray with a plate of pastries, he carefully took it over to their table. He didn’t want to spill in front of his father and, worse, the feared Maxine.
“I just realized this might be the first time I ever served you here, Dad,” Reggie said, placing a cup in front of Steve.
“I’m sorry about that, Reggie. I never have coffee in town,” he said.
“Well, that’s logical, then,” Maxine said, picking up the cup.
“How long have you worked here? Not that long, right?” Steve asked, screwing his face up and looking at the ceiling. “I’m trying to remember.”
“Ten years,” Reggie said. “I started working here my junior year in high school.”
“Oh, right. I’m sorry. I’m going to try to be more in touch,” he said.
“Dad, are you okay?” Reggie asked.
“I’m okay. I don’t want any more time to pass not knowing you.”
Confused, Reggie looked to Maxine for answers. “He saw Titan with your mother, and he feels left out,” she said.
Blanching at the exposure, Steve knew now was the time for transparency.
“Kelly always knew what to say to you kids. She still does. I just realized that if I’m missing out, I can change. I’m not sure how to do that.”
“You can start by being interested in what other people are doing,” Maxine said.
And before he could open his mouth to say something sarcastic, Reggie quipped, “And by not putting them down.”
“I do do that,” Steve admitted. “It’s because I don’t get it.”
“Like you don’t get two women together?” Maxine asked.
“Or why a coffee shop guy needs two master’s degrees?” Reggie added.
“Yeah, sort of,” Steve said. “It’s because where I came from, no one did that. No lesbo and no college.”
Shaking her head, Maxine couldn’t help it and she started laughing. “You’re a mess.” 
“See, Dad, you didn’t need to say that. That’s offensive,” Reggie said.
“I know, but I couldn’t keep it in,” Steve replied. “This stuff just pops out of my mouth.”
“I wonder if you aren’t mentally ill,” Maxine said.
“I’m sure I am,” Steve admitted. “Kelly said she thought I had PTSD.”
“Yes, I believe that could be true,” Maxine said.
“I agree,” Reggie said. “You can get help for that. You’ll have a much happier life.”
“I love Lee,” Steve said, frightened.
“No one is saying anything about Lee,” Reggie replied. “You want to have a happy life with her, too, don’t you? You should get someone to listen to you, to guide you is all I’m saying. Lee, too.”
“How do you know, Mr. Know-it-all?” Steve asked.
“I do have a master’s degree in psychology,” he answered, winking at his father. “I’ll work on a doctorate if I can save the money.”
“Oh, right,” Steve said. “Sorry. There are so many of you, I forget who’s done what.”
Reggie pulled out a stool to sit. In one day, he’d seen entirely too much of his family.
“What about Alice?” Steve asked. “Is she okay?”
“Alice is great,” Maxine said. “You’d like her, if you’d take the time to get know her. She’s always ready for a game, that girl. She’ll play anything; if it’s got a board and deck of cards, she’s ready.”
“I loved games when I was a kid,” Steve said. “I’m sorry I never played with my kids.”
“Alice is a great cook, too. You’ve never been to our place when we have everyone over. Did you know it’s the same model as your house without the full second story?”
“We added that dormer on when the twins were born,” Steve said. “I didn’t know you had the same house. I must have, but I forgot.”
“She has our furniture laid out the same way Kelly has yours, I mean hers. Chairs flanking the fireplace, a long couch. Even the dining room is the same. She said why mess with perfection.”
“Does Kelly know?”
“Of course,” she said. “She’s helped us a lot. Now she’s repainting your place. Hers.”
“She is? I never wanted to do it,” he said. “It was too messy.”
“She’s making us do it,” Reggie said. “Thanks a lot, Dad.”
They were deep in conversation when Steve’s phone went off. It was his job.
“Oh hell! I forgot to go back to work,” he said, getting up quickly to take the call.
“What the hell is this?” Reggie asked after Steve moved away. “Is he drugged?”
“No, I think this is the new and improved Steve. We have to give him a chance.”
Thinking for a moment, Reggie took a step out in faith.
“Why do you try to intimidate me?” Reggie asked. “Quick, before the old man gets back.”
“Aw, Reg, don’t get mad,” she said.
“Tell me. It’s very disheartening. You scare the hell out of me.”
“Are you scared now?” she asked, looking right in his eyes.
Relaxing, he shook his head. “No, not now.”
“I mess with you because I’m shy around you,” she said.
“What BS,” Reggie barked, laughing.
“No, it’s true. You’re educated; everyone knows you’re like a genius. I feel like a dope around you, so I get mean.”
Stretching across the table, getting up in her face, Reggie looked into her eyes this time. “Are you shy around me right now?” 
His breath was chocolatey, and the things that she teased Reggie about unmercifully, the things she found so attractive about him leaped out at her so she felt all goosebumps and chills.
“No,” she whispered, looking at his hairline, it was receding, and he had it pulled back into a long ponytail, but it gave him a Sean Connery look.
His arms were long and muscular, and he did have a paunch, but everyone knew Reggie liked to cook, so it was natural.
“How come you never had me to your house for a meal?” she asked.
“I live in a boardinghouse,” he said. “You’d hate it there.”
“That wouldn’t bother me,” she said.
“Yes, it would. It’s a yogi retreat. Vegetarian. I can’t eat meat on the grounds. I’ll cook at Mom’s this weekend,” he said. “Me and Alice can think up something to do together.”
Steve returned, contrite. “Thank you both, I have to get back to work. I’ll try harder not to be so…” He snapped his fingers. “What’s the word?”
“Narrow minded,” Maxine said.
“Hillbilly,” Reggie said.
Steve laughed. “Right. See you later,” he said, and walked out.
“Well, if I do say so myself, this has been the weirdest day I have ever had,” Reggie said.
He sat with Maxine until the shop got busy again, and he had to get up to help. “I think you’re pretty fabulous,” he said. “My sister is a lucky girl.”
Surprising him, Maxine leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek. “We’ll get together this weekend, as usual.”

In Kelly’s living room, Karen and Anne, Ken, Alice and Lisa waited for Reggie to get off work. Maxine was working a twelve-hour shift so she’d be over later, along with Augie and Ben and their families.
“I’m dying,” Alice said. “Maxine said she and Reggie decided it was what an acid trip might be like.”
Laughing out loud, Kelly shook her head. “They are so dramatic.”
“It’s a meeting of Maxine and Reggie that’s like an acid trip,” Ken said. “And trust me, I know. How did that go?”
“I can’t wait to hear,” Alice said. “Reggie is scared to death of her. I’ve seen him slow down in front of the house, and if he can see any sign that she’s home, he peels out.”
“You’re crazy,” Kelly said, amused.
“It’s true,” Alice said, laughing.
“By the way, where’s Titan?” Karen asked.
“He went to see his mother,” Kelly said. “I actually said he could bring her back here. I was rude to her last night, so I’m trying to make amends.”
“Mother, you’re kidding me, right?” Ken asked. “In some countries, what she did last night would be considered a felony.”
“Give me a break,” she replied.
“What’d she say?” Karen asked. “You didn’t tell me this part.”
Ken repeated the scene, the issue of Lee’s mental health more pronounced.
“Does her son realize she’s crazy?”
“I think so, but he’s very protective of her, as he should be,” Kelly said, standing up. “I’m going to order the pizza now.”
Walking back to her bedroom, she closed the door. It had been a full, crazy day, and she was tired. Everything that had happened needed sorting through, and she followed her old organizational habit of making a spreadsheet in her head, the first column the names of her family, now Titan and Lee added to the list. 
After being with him all morning, Kelly knew she was going to have to accept Lee into her life. She was going to have to find a way to communicate with Lee, to allow her to be herself without feeling critiqued all the time. Possibly she could talk to Lee about what was inappropriate and appropriate.
After she ordered the pizza, she hesitated about going out to the family again, wanting a few more minutes to think. It was in that stolen minute that she knew she had to allow things to happen as they fell into place. She couldn’t orchestrate a plan for Lee and Steve in her life. The holidays were fast approaching, she remembered again, and they served a purpose this year more than ever of it not just being about the food. Thanksgiving was going to be a turning point, she could feel it.
Giving up and returning to the living room, the others had arrived. Happily, Titan’s car pulled up without Lee.
Chapter 18
While Steve’s family ate pizza at Kelly Boyd’s house, Steve and Lee began their apartment search. Steve drove through one of the nicer neighborhoods in town, holding Lee’s hand.
Although it was dark out, it was obvious this was a nice development. They were impressed by the landscape lighting. “We still have to see it during the day,” Lee said. “It could be ugly.”
“Okay, we will,” Steve said.
The rental agent was waiting for them at the unit. Each building had four units, and this was an upper in the rear. The flight of stairs wasn’t as bad as Lee feared. “This is nice,” she said, nodding her head to him.
“The area behind the building is parkland,” the agent said. “I’ve talked to the manager, and he said Lee’s welcome to use the strip of dirt behind the building for a garden.”
“Oh, that’s nice,” Steve said. “I wish we could see what’s out there.”
It was a black nothingness after sunset. “Maybe we put lights,” Lee said.
“That’s a possibility,” the agent replied.
The apartment was nice, two bedrooms, two baths, a large balcony overlooking the black void.
“I like this one,” Lee said. “We don’t need to look no further.”
“She’s spoken,” Steve said, pulling Lee close to him. “Our new home. So now that we’ve settled that, what’s next?”
“We get furniture and go back to Chicago to get my stuff. I want my kitchen stuff. It what I bring from Vietnam, what my sisters send me before they come here. That way, I can get ready for Tet. It right around the corner.”
“We have Thanksgiving, first,” Steve said. “I can’t believe I just said that. I never cared one way or another if I had Thanksgiving. I hate turkey, so that wasn’t anything to look forward to.”
“You hate turkey? I fry a turkey for you and you love it. I bet Kelly Boyd’s turkey is as dry as a bone.”
“It’s pretty dry. And everyone raves about it, so I had to keep my mouth shut.”
Lee looked at him out of the corner of her eye. “You not treat Kelly with respect,” she said, shocking him.
He turned away and headed for the stairs. “Let’s get out to the car before you do your assessment of my former marriage,” he said. “We don’t need the agent knowing our business.”
Shrugging her shoulders, Lee followed him down. When they got back to the car, he turned to her. “I’m sensitive about my marriage. I know I didn’t do right by her, but it’s too late now. I’m with you, so I can’t very well make it up to her.”
“You can be nice,” she said.
“Lee, I don’t want to hurt your feelings, but it goes both ways. You’re not exactly nice to her.”
The words were out of his mouth when his phone rang. “It’s Titan,” he told her.
“Hello?”
“Kelly has everyone here for pizza and she’s inviting you and Mom,” he said. “Are you busy?”
“We just chose an apartment. Let me ask your mother.” He looked over at her. “You want pizza at Kelly’s?”
“Sure, I eat pizza to be nice,” she said.
Steve leaned over to kiss her. “I love you,” he whispered. And then into the phone, “We’re on our way. Tell her thank you.”

“Your father is on his way,” Kelly said to the others, just as the doorbell rang.
The pizza delivery guy had arrived. Everyone pitched in, grabbing paper plates and napkins, glasses and bottles of soda and wine.
Before long, Steve and Lee arrived, standing awkwardly off to the side. “Come in,” Kelly said. “Someone get a china plate for Lee.”
“No, I eat off paper to be nice,” she said.
“That’s not necessary,” Kelly said. “I want you to be comfortable.”
There was murmuring among the kids, Titan included, and then a shout of laughter. Steve knew they were offended by the way Kelly had been treated, and yet still catered to Lee. He felt he had to address it to move on with his children, even though it might offend Lee.
“Thank you, all of you, for going out of your way to be nice to Lee. I’m not very good at this, but I want to try to be more, what the word? Talkative.”
Quiet blanketed the room.
“Communicative,” Reggie said. “You’re doing fine, Dad.”
“What brought this on?” Karen asked.
“I know I’m not easy,” Steve said, addressing her. “I’m sorry. Give me a chance.”
“I’ll take it under consideration,” she replied. “No offense, Lee, but the way you two handled this could have been better.”
Kelly, rescuing Steve and Lee, put her hand on Karen’s shoulder. “It’s okay, Karen,” she said. “We’re going to try to make this work. I’m willing to move on. I hope Lee can respect me in my own house.”
“I tell Steve that today,” Lee replied. “He don’t respect you.”
“No, that’s true. So if Steve respects me, I hope you’ll follow suit.”
“Suit? What’s suit?” Lee said.
“Let’s eat,” Ken called out. “I’m starving.”
“She was kidding, right?” Liz asked.
“I don’t think so,” Karen answered. “As dumb as a rock.”
Anne frowned. “That’s not nice,” she said. “Lee reminds me of my Italian grandmother. She played dumb to get a laugh. Obviously it backfired here.”
“She did cause the breakup of my sister’s marriage,” Karen whispered.
“Well, not exactly,” Anne said. “Maxine told me the husband is a putz.”
“Ha! That’s a nice word for what Steve is.”
Putting her arms around their shoulders, Maxine joined in. “Okay, you two, knock it off. The man is trying, okay? He’s been a jerk for fifty years; this isn’t going to happen overnight.”
“I’ll never forgive him for hurting Kelly,” Karen said.
“Ah, take a look. Does that look like a woman who’s pining away for her man?”
They glanced into the kitchen, and Kelly was bent over laughing at whatever Titan had said. He was standing close to her, whispering, looking out in the living room to make sure they weren’t heard.
“His wife just died,” Karen said, appalled.
“Not even a week,” Anne said.
“Don’t judge,” Maxine said. “They’re just having fun. She’s introducing him as her stepson, not her lover. That sounds like a woman on the forgiveness end of the spectrum, in contrast to you two.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t have to forgive him because he didn’t screw me,” Karen said. “Not that I’d want him to either way.”
“Gross,” Anne said. “Shush, here she comes.”
“If you two will keep it down, this hallway is like a funnel,” Kelly said, handing them paper plates of pizza slices. “We can hear everything you’re saying.”
“You lie,” Karen said, and Kelly started to laugh again.
“Okay, so I didn’t hear everything you said, but putz, screw, what else did I hear?”
“It’s true, right?” Karen said.
“That he’s a putz? Maybe. But I stayed with him all those years for the same reason that I’ll embrace him and Lee now - my kids.”
“I’m sorry,” Karen said. “Forgive me? I know it’s not my problem but the guy just pisses me off. He’s got the biggest balls.”
“I don’t want to think about his balls, if you don’t mind,” Kelly said, grimacing. “Go out among them and socialize.”
She pushed them back to the living room just as Lee embarked on a critique of Kelly’s decorating. Kelly chose to nip it in the bud, so to speak, immediately.
“Lee!” she called out, getting her attention. “It’s not nice to make unkind comments about another person’s decorating, especially when you are a guest in their house.”
Chastised, Lee stopped right away, her hand going to her mouth.
“I’m sorry, Kelly Boyd,” she said. “Forgive me, please. My house in Chicago is out of date, too. That’s why I thought I could say something about this,” and here, she covered her mouth and pointed at the flower upholstery.
Against her will, Kelly agreed. “It’s awful, but Steve didn’t want me to spend the money on new furniture when the kids were home, and then after they left, it seemed like a waste since they wouldn’t be here to enjoy it.”
“We’re here now,” Ken said. “And we all agree that is the ugliest couch we’ve ever seen.”
“It was the latest style when I bought it twenty years ago,” she said, feeling defensive.
Rolling his eyes, Ken fell back in the chair while the others roared laughing. “I rest my case.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll get a new couch,” she said. “Jeesh! See what you started, Lee?”
“You deserve a nice couch,” she said. “If I get a new one, you should get a new one, too.”
“Lee, do you mind?” Steve said.
“Oh, so old Dad is going to buy Mom new furniture, is that the story?” someone shouted from the group.
“Don’t worry, Steve, I can buy my own couch. So tell us about your new place,” she said, sitting on the arm of the sofa.
For the next few minutes, during Steve and Lee’s description of their new place, they had the family’s rapt attention. It was during this time that Kelly happened to glance over at Titan. He was staring at her, his expression a cross between hopeless devotion and overwhelming desire. Taken aback, it flustered her, because she couldn’t remember having a man look at her like that since, well, since forever. Perhaps she was misinterpreting his signals. But when he realized she’d seen it, he smiled a slow smile, just for her and working his eyebrows up and down, gave her the thumb-sup so no one else could see.

After pizza, Alice got Monopoly out, and those who wanted to play crowded around the kitchen table.
“It’s a work night,” Ben said. “We’re going to head home.”
“We’re right behind you,” Augie said.
The early risers left and the partiers started to party. Out at the curb, Ben helped Liz buckle baby Nicole in her seat. “My family is getting on my nerves,” he said.
“Shush, Ben. Your mother is standing in the doorway,” Liz said, waving at Kelly, but frowning at him.
“I should come out and tell her that this whole charade is not doing it for me. Why in the hell are we even talking to my father? He’s an idiot.”
“Get in the car,” she said. “I’m driving.”
They buckled up and she pulled away from the house. “I’m still hungry,” he said. “I’m not eating pizza with Lee and Steve. I don’t know whose idea that was.”
“Kelly’s doing it for you,” Liz replied. “Let’s go to Daly’s.”
Heading to the other side of town, Liz worried that Ben was going to take his latest frustration with his family to the extreme. They didn’t know how to do things in moderation.
They arrived at the restaurant and Liz parked in back. The carhop came right out and took their standard order: chili cheese burgers, fries, and chocolate milk shakes. “If it doesn’t keep the baby up all night, I’ll probably die after this,” she said. “I already ate a piece of pizza and the acid is developing as we speak.”
Ben looked out the window, and Liz could tell he was choosing how he was going to approach a topic.
“The job in Sterling Heights opened up again,” he said. “I want to take it.”
“Ben, I don’t want to move to Sterling Heights. It’s too far away from everyone,” she said.
“It’s only an hour,” he replied. “We’ll still visit every weekend.”
“I like being able to drop in whenever I want and for them to come to us, as well. I had six people over this week already. Your family dropping in on me to make sure I wasn’t swinging from a light fixture after being up all night has saved me.
“And what about Lisa? How do you think she’ll handle being an hour away from us?”
“After her fourth slice, she leaned over and said these exact words. ‘Why don’t you find a job closer to Algonac and I’ll come and live with you.’”
“She did not,” Liz said, anger growing. “And Algonac will still be an hour away.”
“Unless we move closer to it,” he said. “We don’t have to live right in Sterling Heights.”
“I don’t like this,” she said. “I feel like I’m being backed into a corner because you’re pissed off at your dad. Why don’t you take it up with him instead of running away from it?”
Frowning, he didn’t like getting caught. “I’m ready for a change,” he persisted.
“Well, I’m not,” she said. “You love everything about our life except your father. Deal with it. The issue is still going to be there no matter how far away we move.”
“Well, shit,” he said. “Look who just pulled into Daly Drive-in.”
“Quick! Scoot down!” Liz said, sliding down on her seat.
But it was too late.
“The scourge has arrived,” Ben said.
Steve backed into the space next to their car. Ben rolled the window down to say hello. “The baby is in back. I’d better roll up again.”
“Can we come over there?” Steve asked, unmistakable through the closed window.
“Jesus Christ, can you believe this? Please God, no!”
“Ben, stop it! Tell him to come. There’s room for both of them in back.”
He rolled the window down again. “Sure, Dad, come on over.”
“This is a nightmare,” Ben whined.
They watched Steve get out of the car, go around and open the door for Lee and then, taking her arm, leading her and her giant cloth bag to the car. “What does she tote around in the bag?” Liz asked.
“Hide your purse. Is there anything valuable in the diaper bag?”
“Stop it, Ben,” Liz said, unlocking the door for Lee.
“Oh, is the baby sleeping?” Lee whispered.
“She is, but that’s okay. You two should fit back there just fine.”
It took a few moments for them to get settled. Then the carhop walked over and got their order.
“I guess no one wanted pizza tonight,” Ben said.
“I was too nervous to eat over there,” Steve admitted. “Benny, let me get this out before you jump on me.”
“Dad, when in the hell have I ever given you reason to believe I would jump on you?”
“Everyone said you were the maddest at me,” Steve answered.
“Me? That’s bullshit,” he said.
“The baby,” Liz warned.
“Ken is angrier than I am,” Ben said.
“Ken’s in recovery, so nothing he says counts,” Steve said and when they looked at him he added, “I read about it. Reggie told me, too.”
“Dad, I’m tired. I don’t want to get into it with Lee here. Although you are the one who started it, Lee. What I don’t understand is why did you drag us through all of those years of misery instead of owning up to it that you were miserable?”
“Stubborn pride,” Steve said. “I’m going to get help. Reggie’s helping me find a therapist.”
“Your dad loves you,” Lee said. “He just don’t know how to show you. It easier when the boy is small, you pay attention to him. He miss out on that. But when he big, the boy don’t want the attention.”
“I sure as hell don’t,” Ben said, sighing.
“I have an idea if you’ll consider it,” Steve said.
“Go ahead,” Ben replied.
“I’m asking each one of you to meet me for coffee or a beer once a week. Just an hour. Give me an hour of your time to get to know you better. I’d like to know what you enjoy doing, how you spend your free time.”
“I have an infant,” Ben said. “There is no free time. But I do have an idea.”

The next evening, Lisa waited on her porch with yet again new walking shoes and a warm jacket, waiting for Ben. He arrived right on time, pulling in front of her the wrong way as usual, and she walked down to help him get baby Nicole into her fancy stroller. But then the top of another head popped out of the passenger side.
“Dad?” Lisa said, dumbfounded. “No way.”
“He wants to get to know us better, so this is as good a time as any.”
“How long have you two been doing this?” Steve said, winding a scarf around his neck. “It’s freezing out.”
“You’ll warm up. We’ve been doing it since we were kids, so thirty-six years?”
“Oh come on,” Ben said, laughing. “We’ve been walking for a year. We started last year as a New Year’s resolution.”
“I think it’s nice that a brother and sister stick together like you two do. I haven’t heard from my brothers and sisters in years. I don’t even know if they’re alive.”
“Dad, you should get in touch. I want Nicole to know family. Mom’s only got Aunt Karen.”
“That’s enough,” Steve said, and they laughed. “I didn’t mean it in a bad way. Karen is all the relative anyone needs. She’s always been there for Mom.”
“Does she know you feel that way about her? I don’t think so,” Lisa said. “It would probably mean a lot to her.”
“Yeah, well, keep it to yourself,” he said, but he chuckled.
They did the lap around the park and then headed back toward town, making small talk that would hopefully fill in the gaps a lifetime had left wide open.
Chapter 19
Checking for Augie from the picture window in the living room every five minutes, Sandy ran to the kitchen to stir pots on the stove, to the bathroom to make sure no child was drowning unattended in the bath, to the basement to throw a load of clothes in the washer, and then back to the window. By midnight, the children asleep, the house sparkling, dinner ruined, she knew he wasn’t coming back.
It would be so easy to blame his problems, their problems on Kelly, but Sandy wasn’t going to do that. Sitting with her legs curled under her, nursing a glass of red wine, she had to be proactive. Fantasizing Augie was okay would no longer work for her. Her mother-in-law had a fabulous ability to pretend when everything crashed down around her. She was doing it now. During that ridiculous pizza party, with the son of the loathsome woman practically licking his chops every time Kelly was in his sight, Augie noticed it and finally couldn’t take it any longer.
“Get the kids together,” he growled after Ben and Liz left.
“They’re just eating,” she replied, lifting her wineglass.
“Do it before I explode. Hurry up.”
Sandy looked at him and could see he wasn’t kidding. Something was majorly wrong.
They said goodbye, rushing out the door.
“Are you okay?” Kelly asked, following.
It was the last straw for Augie. “No, I’m not fucking okay. You think this is normal, all this bullshit with my father and his whore sitting at the table with my kids? What about their bastard son? What’s going on there, Mother? He couldn’t take his eyes off you all night.”
“Augie…”
“Save it,” he said, getting in the car.
He waited until the last child was buckled in, but without waving, they were gone.
Now, the weekend fast approaching, Sandy feared the worst. She’d suspected Augie was seeing another woman for some time, someone he worked with, a single woman with no attachments who could focus all her energy on him. She planned on carrying on as usual, just like Kelly had all those years, playing happy family, obviously a sham. Sandy’s mother had picked up on it right away, years ago when they were getting serious about each other and it looked like marriage was in the future.
“Augie’s father is a loose cannon,” she’d announced, shocking Sandy.
“Mother, why would you say that? He doesn’t say a word.”
“Just my point,” she persisted. “Wait. Something will happen someday to wake the sleeping lion. Just make sure you’re not around.”
Now Sandy wondered if the sleeping lion was the entrance of Lee and Titan, or if there would be more to come. Rising from the couch, she took her glass back to the kitchen. Whether or not he came home, the kids would be up at the crack of dawn. So glad it was Friday, she’d fill the weekend with activity and fun, just like Kelly.

At five in the morning, Augie was at the apartment of his girlfriend, lying naked next to her, both of them snoring. He’d slept through the night, an unlikely event lately, and having to pee, he sprang out of bed in a panic.
“Oh shit,” he said, grabbing for his glasses. “I fucking can’t believe it.”
“What happened?” she said, yawning. And then seeing the time, echoed him. “Oh no, get up! Just tell her you fell asleep in the car.”
She jumped out of the bed and started racing around, trying to make everything alright for Augie. But it was too late.
“No, Kate, I’m telling her this morning. I’m tired of sneaking around. I want to be with you all the time. Can I move in here with you? I’m not going to have anything after I get done paying child support and alimony.”
“Of course you can, but you need to make sure that’s what you want. I thought you loved Sandy. We’ve talked about this. You don’t want to have any regrets.”
“I can’t stand her,” Augie said. “I mean, she’s lovely and kind, but I married my mother. She’s a clone of Kelly. If I go to her, she’ll probably tell me to keep seeing you but just come home at night. Ha! I don’t want that. I want us to be together. I’m not waiting until I’m sixty-five like my dad did to be with the one he loves, no matter how disgusting I find it.”
Out of the blue, he started sobbing. “See? This is just great,” he cried, throwing his arms in the air. “I’m a lunatic.”
“No, you’re not a lunatic,” she said, sitting on the edge of the bed with him. “You’re just wound as tight as can be. Do you want coffee, or do you think you should get home?”
“I’d better leave,” he answered, reaching for a tissue. “I’ll be back with a suitcase later. Make excuses at work for me, will you? I need a day off.”
Kissing her goodbye, he left her standing in the bedroom. That early in the morning before the sun had a chance to melt the frost, his car windows were covered. He’d given Sandy his ice scraper, so using a credit card, he cleared just enough so he could see to drive.
It was silent, eerie that early, no one out yet, no traffic on the roads as he drove with the window down, the freezing air helping to clear his head. Entering his neighborhood, the pride he used to take in having surpassed his parents’ standard of living no longer existed. Just like their life, with its secrets and intolerances, his life was not above scrutiny. He didn’t love his wife, the mother of his children, just as his father didn’t love his mother. It was no secret; Augie being the oldest had seen the most, things Kelly thought she’d kept hidden. The things she’d hoped were unseen were obvious to the child.
An early, vivid memory witnessing his father pushing his mother on the couch during an argument had set off Augie’s battle with insecurity. As an adult, he’d have talks with himself about how ridiculous it was to allow something relatively minor to have such a huge impact.
In spite of the effort he’d put into being as unlike his father as possible, he was following in his footsteps, walking out on his wife for another woman. At least Kate was decent and honest, not a manipulative swindler. Only time would tell if Titan was really Steve’s son.
Pulling into the driveway at five-thirty, he was relieved the house was dark. Sandy was too levelheaded to stay up all night waiting for him. She hadn’t even tried to call him.
Carefully opening the door, he went straight for the kitchen to make coffee. If he didn’t stay on top of it, he’d end up in bed with the covers over his head. Looking out the window into the backyard, the solar lights around the covered pool shone through a thin covering of snow. The cold weather was getting old. What would it be like to live in Florida or southern California? He’d never allowed himself to imagine he could live anywhere else but this town with his family nearby. They were part of its history. The first day of his junior year in honors English came back to him. The teacher had looked at Augie and then back at his name.
“You Steve Boyd’s boy?” he asked.
Feeling the heat moving across his face, Augie nodded. “Yes sir.” 
Waiting for an insult that never came, Augie noticed the teacher took a special interest in him during the semester, congratulating him on his papers, almost in amazement at how well the boy did. Augie mustered up the courage to ask Steve about it.
“Were you in honors English, Dad?” he asked.
Steve bellowed. “I could barely write my name. No, I wasn’t in honors English. You gonna rub my nose it in it because you are?”
“No, not at all,” he said, sorry he brought it up. “My teacher asked if you were my dad.”
“He probably can’t believe I have a kid who can read,” he said, reaching for the remote. He turned the TV up, dismissing Augie, his apathy painful.
Now, Steve wanted to be his friend. “I’d like to get to know you. If you’d give me a chance, maybe I can make it up to you.”
Augie didn’t really want to get to know Steve. They had nothing in common. Well, except the infidelity part. He poured himself a cup of coffee and took it to the table, looking out at the sky as the sun just peeked over the horizon. The inky black sky above faded to turquoise, to a thin line of orange. Sitting down, despair flooded over him.
“I’m glad you’re safe,” Sandy said, standing in the doorway.
She walked over to the table and looked down at him. With her fingertips, she gently lifted his chin to look into his eyes.
“I was worried about you,” she said. “I guessed you went to your girlfriend’s house, so I didn’t call. I didn’t want to upset you any more than you already were.”
“Sandy, I’m sorry,” he said.
Moving self-consciously away to the coffee pot, she couldn’t believe this was happening. Pouring coffee into a mug, she walked back to the table.
“Is it serious?” she whispered, sitting down across from him.
“Yes. I’m going to leave,” he answered.
“Oh, how sad,” she said, her lips trembling. “Is there anything I can do? I mean is your mind made up?”
He had the decency to wait before he destroyed their lives with four words, I want a divorce.
“It is,” he said. “At least right now. I don’t expect you to wait around for me.”
“You don’t have to leave,” she said. “This is your home no matter what.”
The words sent chills down his spine. “You need to get your own life,” he answered.
“I have my life for now. I’ll be raising our kids,” she said. “Unless you planned on taking them along, too.”
“Ah, no, they’ll be better off here.”
“When are you leaving?” she asked, wondering how she could think it would be okay for him to stay there, unfaithful; it would be unbearable if he hung around all day.
“I’m packing up some of my things this morning and moving in with her. I won’t have the money to get a place until the baby is eighteen.”
That struck her as funny and she giggled. “So you’re not going to ask me to sell the house?”
“No, not this morning, anyway. The thought of the work involved actually makes me sick. I don’t want to disrupt everyone’s lives that much. I hope we can work out a custody agreement without going to an attorney.”
“We’ll see,” she said. “I’m numb right now.”
“I know,” he said again. “I’m sorry.”
“Why do I feel like your mother has something to do with this? Not directly, of course. Her pathetic tolerance of Steve’s treatment of her and you kids, this behavior is just the tip of the iceberg, if you ask me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Stop saying that,” she said. “You’re not sorry at all. This is what you want, so do it. The sooner you get out of my face, the better.”
He pushed away from the table, a little hurt and embarrassed. “I’ll start packing now.”
“You do that,” she said, shocked at how quickly her feelings had shifted.
Looking at the clock, it was only six. She’d be counting the minutes until seven when she could safely text Liz. Ben would be getting ready for work. Worries about how this was going to impact her relationship with Augie’s sister-in-law increased until she was frantic, switching between anger and tears.
Avoiding going back to the bedroom, she prepared the children’s lunches for the day and went through their backpacks, looking for notes she might have missed. She thought about what it would be like doing everything she already had to do, and adding Augie’s chores to the pile, and it suddenly felt overwhelming. She hoped he wouldn’t change his mind about the house; she decided then she’d fight him to the death to keep everything exactly the way it was for her children. Sounds from the living room alerted her that he was nearby, but he didn’t say goodbye. The door opened and closed, and she heard the sound of his car starting, the crunch of his tires on the little piles of snow still left. So that was it.
Forgetting to call Liz at seven, she ran up the staircase to make sure her children were awake. They were growing up so fast. It had been so nice to be able to stay home and be their mother. With the youngest in school and with Augie gone, she might change her mind and look for a part-time job. There were a lot of possibilities.

Old show tunes kept going through Kelly’s head as she woke up Friday morning. Then she remembered they’d watched Jeopardy last night, and the category was music from Broadway.
“I’ve never watched this show once in my life,” she’d said, laughing.
Titan sat at one end of the couch, she at the other as they watched together. He was leaving in the morning, returning to Chicago to tie up loose ends.
Having him at the house had been wonderful. She stared at the bedroom ceiling, thinking about him, how companionable he’d been for the past couple of days. In that time, the alarm bells had gone off in her family. Maxine told her about Steve lurking over on the next block, and Augie’s comment Wednesday night about Titan staring at her still resonated. Kelly decided her family couldn’t stand to see her happy.
There was absolutely nothing untoward going on between Kelly and Titan. They ran together a few times, more fun than effective because half the time she was dragging him along, and the other half was sitting at the café, eating Belinda’s flaky pastries and drinking pots of coffee. Since Karen was immersed in her new relationship which quickly monopolized every free minute she had, and of course Steve was with Lee, Titan filled a void.
Having a male buddy was almost as nice as having a child who wanted to do activities with her. It reminded her of busy days running her children places and how their friends and their friends’ parents energized her. She was definitely a people person.
The children were spread far apart in age; for twenty years there was always someone to go on bike rides, or inline skate, or have picnics or shopping trips with her. When Alice left for college, Kelly floundered for months. Karen and Eve traveled every chance they had. That left Augie’s children; Kelly planned weekend excursions for her grandchildren, becoming so immersed in their lives that if she didn’t see them or at least talk to them on the phone every day, she felt sick. Since Lee and Titan had shown up, she’d spent little time with her grandchildren, the omission another source of guilt.
Titan didn’t need her, but her company had taken the gruesome pain of Jean’s death and made it tolerable. He told her as much. “I was going to kill myself. That was my plan. I even thought I might do it in your garage. But after that first night with you and Ken when we had so much fun, it’s seemed silly and selfish. I’d hurt my mother, and that was about it. No one else cared enough.”
Although he laughed about it, his admission shocked her. She imagined finding his body, having to call Steve so he could tell Lee, the coroner coming, the few lines in the paper about his death. She shivered thinking about it.
Stretching in bed, Kelly enjoyed the few extra minutes of laziness. Beaver let her know it was time to move, grunting as he tried biting his hind leg.
“Okay, buddy. It’s you and me this weekend. We’ll get the kids over here on Sunday, hopefully.”
After her morning routine, she opened her bedroom door and almost ran into Titan. He was still dressed for bed with sweats and a long-sleeved T-shirt.
“Good morning,” he said. “I keep singing tunes from Anything Goes.”
“Ha! Me too! Whose idea was that anyway? Let’s get coffee.”
“Do I have to go to Chicago?” he asked, the hesitation in his voice obvious.
“You tell me,” she said. “Do you? What’s pending?”
“Monday I have to make an appearance at the clinic. I’ll never sell it if I’m not there at least part of the time. The house is listed, and it can stay furnished until it sells.”
“So you don’t really have to go until Sunday night, unless you fly in, and then you can leave Monday.”
“Jeez, I never even thought about flying.”
He left the kitchen while she let Beaver out, watching the dog walk around the yard, sniffing and peeing on everything he encountered. Opening a cupboard door, she reached for coffee, aware that tasks she did over and over again had become so important to her that even the brand of coffee she bought had to have an appealing label, this one a stylized tree with curlicues covering it. Kelly found joy in the details. Perhaps that ability to appreciate even the smallest thing was one of the saving graces of her life.
Titan returned with his computer and set it on the table, going for the door to let the dog in.
“He was scratching at your door last night,” he said. “I was tempted to let him out.”
Looking at the dog, Kelly frowned. “You traitor,” she admonished. “You want to sleep with Titan, go for it.”
Waiting for the coffee to brew, she got the toaster out and, with bread and eggs, made sandwiches.
“I hate having to get up at four in the morning, but there’s a seven a.m. flight out of Metro. I have to be there at six.”
“You’ll make it if you leave here before five,” she said. “Zero traffic as long as the weather stays nice. I doubt if security will be that busy first thing.”
She placed the sandwich and cup of coffee in front of him, feeling very maternal doing so.
“I’m glad you’ll be here. I was wondering what I’d do all weekend while you were gone.”
So what followed shocked her, so much so she almost wept. Without missing a beat, he was out of his chair, taking her in his arms, holding her so close she could feel his heart beat. Bending down, almost a foot taller than Kelly, Titan kissed her, a passionate, urgent kiss filled with sexual desire and need. Kissing him back, Kelly began to shake. She had not been kissed like that in a long time, maybe a decade.
They backed off for a moment, taking a breath, and Kelly threaded her arms around his neck, standing on her toes. She buried her face in his chest, the push-pull of judgement fighting desire powerful.
“I think we have a situation,” he said, his voice soft, his motive tender.
He wound her ponytail around his hand repeatedly, the tug on her scalp mesmerizing. Having been in charge for all the years of her marriage, Kelly surrendered. She’d take her cues from Titan on this one, so stunned by the developments over the last two minutes that there didn’t seem to be any solution possible.
“I don’t want to leave for an hour, let alone a day. I’ll commute until everything is settled.”
Nodding her head, Kelly was afraid to speak. Wanting everything neat and tidy, she wondered how they were going to tell their family. Jean had only been dead a week. Out of respect for her, Kelly felt compelled to put the brakes on, but wouldn’t say anything unless prompted.
“If I have to stay overnight, will you come with me?”
She thought of her regretful call to the hospital to get her job back, the decision not to retire could always be rescinded. “Yes,” she said. “I’ll go.”
So that was it. They didn’t yet talk about them as a couple, about anything regarding their relationship.
“I think I just lost my appetite,” she said. “Nothing personal.”
“Me too,” he replied, laughing. “We’d better eat though. Now that I’m home for the weekend, what should we do? Let’s go where we don’t have to hide.”
“I agree. We should go where no one knows us,” she said. “Let’s go downtown and shop at the Eastern Market.”
They high-fived and with their appetites back, finished breakfast.
On the way into Detroit, they held hands like teenagers.

Back in town, Steve and Lee were preparing to start life in their new apartment.
“Let’s run to Walmart,” Steve said. “We can buy a table and chairs so there’s someplace to sit until our dining room furniture is delivered.”
“Oh, I don’t like Walmart,” Lee said. “Cheap.”
“It’s fine,” he replied. “We’ll have to stay in this hotel room another night if we don’t. It’s getting expensive.”
“I pay for tonight,” she said.
“Lee, we have our apartment. I want to get settled there. We’ll give the furniture to the kids when we get our real stuff.”
“Titan don’t want that junk,” she said, grimacing.
“Well, my kids might. They’re not rich doctors,” he said.
“Titan work hard for MD,” she said, a lilt to her voice.
Steve looked at her closely. “I’m sure he did. Did you think I thought otherwise?”
“You say your kids not rich doctor like he should be ashamed.”
“Lee, that never crossed my mind. Now you’re imagining things,” he said, possibly with more force than he meant.
“I don’t imagine it,” she said, her voice up an octave. “Your kid lazybones. I see the four-eyes, the fat one work at a coffee shop.”
“Reggie has a master’s degree in psychology,” Steve said, bristling. “He’s working on another one in public health. The coffee shop fits his needs while he’s in school.”
That she’d echo his previous feelings about his son, unkind words he’d never shared with her, stunned Steve. After spending a few hours talking to Reggie, he realized what a privilege it was to have a son like him, to be able to spend time with such an intelligent, caring young man.
They argued down the list, Lee using derogatory terms for each one of Steve and Kelly’s children, and Steve admiringly defending each one. The names she used for Ken stung, calling him a drunk, and Alice, worse, using a word that he himself might have used at one time to describe her homosexuality. When she said it, it tore through his heart like a knife.
“Lee, please don’t ever use that word again, especially around me. Alice is my daughter, my last child. I hardly know her. My goal is to have some kind of relationship with her, and if she ever thought you spoke that way, it would never happen. As it is I’m doing penance for leaving their mother, and I doubt she’ll forgive me for it.”
Often stubborn and unwilling to listen to reason, that phrase finally made an impact on Lee, and she could see the effect her tantrum had on Steve. Immediately, she got up from the chair and went to him.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “Why we argue about your kids? I don’t even know them.”
“Yes, well, unfortunately, neither do I,” he said, pulling out a chair, lowering his head in his hands.
His defeat frightened her; she’d never seen him like this. “You’ll get to know your kids,” she said. “That take time. You are just starting to work on it. Don’t give up Stevie.”
“What are we fighting about?” he asked.
“I don’t want Walmart furniture.”
“And I explained to you this is just temporary. Please get dressed and come with me or I’ll buy the wrong thing. We’re checking out of this place and moving into our own apartment tonight, and that’s final.”
“Okay, okay,” she grumbled, turning to the closet.
Standing up to her felt empowering. He was right; they should get settled and begin their life together. He couldn’t keep taking time off work to entertain Lee in a hotel room. It was time to start living.

In front of the bathroom mirror, Alice patted cover-up on her blemishes, cursing herself for the box of chocolate candy she’d devoured at her mother’s house while playing Monopoly Wednesday night.
“If you could light a fire under yourself, I’d like to get in here,” Maxine said. “I’m going to be late.”
“Can you use the powder room? I’m having a complexion meltdown.”
“Alice, no, I cannot use the powder room. Make room for me, then. I have to beautify, too.”
“Why are you wearing makeup?” Alice asked, frowning at her reflection. “That’s weird.”
“We’re getting our pictures taken today and I don’t want to look like I’m sick.”
“Are you sick?” Alice asked, turning to look directly at her.
“I have my monthly. I look gray.”
“Here, use some blush,” Alice said, handing over a compact. “I’m looking forward to menopause.”
“Ha! You’re twenty-four,” Maxine replied. “While I’m hearing my biological clock ticking.”
“What are you going to do about it? Don’t wait and have regrets,” Alice said. “My mom was over forty when I was born.”
They made eye contact in the mirror. “She was?”
“Yes! She said it was not a surprise. She wanted another baby so Reggie wouldn’t be alone. I think thirty-two is a common age for women to have babies now. The only issue is who.”
“What would you think if I asked Ken?”
“Ken’s great,” Alice said. “I’m not sure what kind of father he’d be though. How involved would you want him?”
“It’s not fair to the kid if his father is in the vicinity and not involved. You of all people should know that.”
“Well, thanks to you my dad is trying now,” Alice said. “And my mom was supermom, so I didn’t even realize he wasn’t actively there. And she was a great rationalizer. She could make up an excuse that explained the worst behavior.”
“Can I invite Ken over tonight?” Maxine asked. “We can talk about it then. We’ll have to keep it nonalcoholic.”
“What about asking Reggie? Did you consider him?” Alice asked. “And he’s not in recovery.”
“You just said Ken’s great,” Maxine replied. “Reggie is not daddy material. I can’t imagine raising a garden with him, let alone a kid. As much as I admire Reggie, he’s too brainy.”
“Okay, invite Ken. I don’t know what’s going on this weekend. I haven’t heard from anyone. Having Titan around has sure upset the smooth flow my mother likes.”
“Yes, Titan is definitely stirring the pot,” Maxine said. “I’d better wash this off my face. Now I look like a clown. Pink blush is for white people.”
Chapter 20
Kelly and Titan walked around Eastern Market, his arm across her shoulder, relaxed and happy. No longer feeling like she was Titan’s mother, Kelly was falling in love with him, or if not love because it was too soon and she was desperate, something akin to love. Something was happening to her and it felt great, a fact she’d avoid sharing with him just yet. A plan formed as they shopped. They were going to keep their budding relationship a secret for six months out of respect for Jean. They were going to give each other space at night, Kelly’s attempt at keeping sex at bay.
“I don’t think I can wait six months,” Titan said, flirtatious.
“Okay, we’ll keep the appearance then of giving each other space at night,” she answered, embarrassed, laughing along with him. “It’ll be easy with Ken hanging around.”
“Is that indefinite?”
“I hope not,” she said, grinning. “But not for the reason you’re probably thinking. I like Terry. He needs to make amends and get back with her.”

Driving to another AA meeting, Ken’s phone rang. He waited until he reached a stop sign to answer. It was Maxine.
“Hey, you beautiful creature,” he said.
“Can you meet me for coffee this morning?” she asked.
“I’m on my way to AA, unfortunately. I’m hoping a marathon of meetings will get me back in good graces with Terry so I can move out of my mother’s house. I have a creepy feeling I might be an interloper.”
“You mean with Titan and Kelly?”
“Exactly,” he said. “They are so comfortable with each other, I feel like I’m watching them falling in love.”
“Wow,” Maxine said, worried. “That’s intense.”
“It is. Truthfully, it’s nice seeing someone being nice to my mother.”
“Ken, can you come over tonight, then?” Maxine asked, getting up her nerve. “I was going to ask you at coffee, but since you can’t…”
“Sure. What time?”
“About sevenish?”
“Seven it is,” he said, not asking for details. “I’ll see you then.”

After Ben left for work, baby Nicole sleeping, Liz poured coffee, got a cigarette out of a hidden pack, and went out on the porch to relax. Just as she was wondering who she should call first, Sandy called.
“I was just thinking about who to call,” Liz said.
“How’s everything?” Sandy asked, hoping to keep the hysteria and neediness at bay by putting others first. She couldn’t abide self-absorbed people and realized how dangerously close she was to becoming one.
“Good. I’m glad it’s the weekend,” Liz said. “Ben is finally over his notion that we should move.”
“Oh, thank God,” Sandy said. “I can’t stand the thought of you being an hour away.”
“I know. I hope this lasts with Steve acting like a human being. It’s making life much easier for Ben and, therefore, for me.”
“I have something to tell you that might upset that,” Sandy said.
Liz sat up, alert. “What’s wrong?”
“Augie left me for another woman,” she said. “Talk about a cliché.”
Silence, Liz was in shock. Not Augie! Augie was the golden child, the perfect son, the Prince. This would definitely push Ben over the edge.
“Are you thinking it’s a phase?” Liz asked, trying to be gentle.
“No, this is no phase. I suspected he was cheating last year, but I buried it. I would have looked the other way this morning, too, when he didn’t come home last night, but it was too late. He doesn’t love me.”
“Oh, God, Sandy, I’m so sorry.”
“I know, right? How can this be happening to me and my kids? My goal is to keep things as unchanged for them as possible. We’ll stay in the house. They’ll keep going to school every day. I don’t know what he wants to do about visiting them. He just left with his suitcase. Bye bye, Augie.”
“Can you reason with him?”
“It’s too late,” Sandy answered. “I probably should have done that when I first suspected.”
“Sandy, you don’t sound that upset. Are you relieved?”
Pondering what Liz had observed, Sandy wondered if that was true. Did she even care?
“My concern is for the kids. They’ll be upset, especially the little one. I haven’t even thought about what to say to them yet.”
“Make that asshole tell them,” Liz said, bristling. “Do you know if he has plans to tell the rest of the family? Are we ever going to have a nice, boring, normal family get-together again?”
“Maybe I’d better call Kelly and ask her if we can have family council. I certainly don’t want to have it here.”
“No, I don’t blame you,” Liz said. “Let me know what’s happening. If you want to come over for lunch, I’ll be here all day, just me and baby Nicole.”
After hanging up, Sandy keyed in Kelly’s house and cell numbers, but she didn’t answer.

The gothic architecture was undetectable in the basement of the old Methodist church. A renovation from the 1970s had removed or disguised the former stone foundation and low arches which once graced it. 
Now, fluorescent lightbulbs illuminated moldy drywall, a drop ceiling, orange plastic chairs, and Formica tables. A scratched, marred oak podium stood in the center of the circle of mismatched folding chairs of oak and metal, with a few of the orange chairs mixed in. 
On his first visit at this location, Ken Boyd had stood at the bottom step and looked into the room in dismay. The uninspired hodgepodge depressed Ken, the desire for a prebreakfast beer at an all-time high.
Standing apart from each other, members waited for the meeting to begin, looking like they’d rather be anyplace else but there.
“Are you here for the meeting?”
A younger woman, perhaps late twenties, had snuck up on Ken, startling him. It took him a few moments to pull himself together. The inane question resonated and he frowned. Why the hell would he be there if it wasn’t for the meeting?
“Yep, that’s what I’m here for,” he said, wondering if this was the person who signed his attendance card, like a Sunday school attendee.
Digging the card out of his pocket, he handed it to her. “Can I have your signature on this?”
“Not till the end of the meeting,” she said after examining it. “So you’re the nurse?”
“That’s what I tell people,” he said, looking around. “I thought this was supposed to be confidential.”
“Oh, it is,” she said. “I won’t tell anyone else who you are.”
“Well, since you know who I am, who the hell are you?”
Surprisingly, she didn’t take offense and answered him. “I’m Yolanda,” she said. “Group leader, one of the many.”
“I must be losing my touch,” he murmured.
“I don’t get it,” she said, frowning.
“I just insulted you and you didn’t react,” he replied.
“It’s the twelve-step program. Have a seat,” she said, pointing. “We’ll start in just a minute.”
After just a few meetings, he knew the routine, the same at every location - the Serenity Prayer, then going around in the circle with introductions: I’m Ken and I’m an alcoholic (drug abuser, sex addict, how much do you want to know?) and then the next guy and the next and the next. Ken blocked them out after the first meeting - the lingo, the pitiful explanations some of them gave. Shut the fuck up and stop making excuses, he wanted to shout. The only reason I’m here is because I love to drink, but I need my job more. Shut up!
After that, the speaker went to the podium and fought a useless battle with the microphone, giving up and talking in a normal voice, which Ken could hear just fine.
“Some of you are here today because you’re compelled to come. Perhaps traffic court mandated you must attend AA for six months to avoid losing your license. Or Family Court won’t allow visits with your children unless you can prove you’re in recovery.
“You might be asking yourself how you got in this predicament in the first place. That question is important to answer, because until you know why you drink, it will be difficult to stop. It’s going to be tough anyway. Having a reason to go after will help.
“This week, ask yourself a question. What am I giving up by not drinking? That’s all. Write down thoughts as they come to you and you might find an answer in the words. What am I giving up by staying sober?
“That’s all for today. See you again next time.”
The speaker walked away from the group, obviously wanting to avoid any personal discussions. Therapy wasn’t the scope of AA. Ken thought about the question. There was definitely a progression in the speaker’s words. First, you had to not drink. Stop it. Don’t do it. Don’t plan for it. Don’t buy it. Don’t drink with your family, your mother, but most of all, don’t drink by yourself.
Next, you had to stay sober, supposing you achieved sobriety. How in hell was that going to happen? Ken loved being high. All of his anxieties disappeared. Keyword! Anxiety. Me, anxious? No way.
“Are you okay?” It was Yolanda.
Dazed, he looked up at her. Concerned, she put a hand on his shoulder, and the warmth from it traveled through his chest, down through his pelvis, into his groin. The sensation awoke his penis, but that was about it. He also liked being high to have sex. He pulled out the attendance card for her signature. “Can you sign this now?”
“Sure,” she answered, taking it from him. “I always get something out of these meetings, especially the speaker. I like this speaker.”
“Do you want to have sex?” he asked, looking up at her.
Baffled that he’d said that, she wasn’t really his type, with mouse brown hair that was straight and dull, she smelled like old shoes. But she was there, in the present.
“Okay,” she said. “I’m lonely. It’s been a long time.”
She reached for his hand and helped him stand. “Follow me.”
Walking through a labyrinth of hallways, they came to a locked room. She got a key from the top of the door frame and unlocked the door. A large window embedded with chicken wire, painted black for privacy, was on the opposite wall. It was a library of sorts, with an old leather chaise lounge against the wall.
“No one will bother us in here,” she said, leading him to sit down on the chaise.
“Do you come here often?” he asked, startling her.
“No! Just to rest, alone.”
Reaching under her skirt, she pulled white underpants off and stuck them in her sweater pocket. She put her hand on his shoulders and gently pushed him back. He didn’t do anything; she unzipped his pants, managed to get his flaccid penis in working condition, rolled a condom on it, and then straddled him. She buried her head in his neck while she slowly moved, and it didn’t take long for him to get into it, holding her by the waist, lifting her up and down until he came.
It exhausted him, and he leaned back against the wall with his eyes closed. What was the difference between this, screwing a woman he had no desire for, and having a drink? The only thing he could think of was the job. There was no way they could test him for having sex.

After he dropped his suitcases off at Kate’s, Augie walked down to the coffee shop to see if Reggie was working. Instead he found Ken slumped over, staring into the coffee cup.
“Do you see anything in there?”
Ken looked up at his big brother, and pulled a chair out for him. “Yes. I see that I’m a fuck up. Is that a surprise?”
“You’re no worse than the rest of us,” Augie said. “I walked out on Sandy this morning.”
“You did? With Kate?”
Augie nodded. Ken and Reggie had known about Kate from the beginning. Ken would let him talk; Reggie begged him to reconsider. He didn’t tell Ben because Ben was the one who would chastise him for being a selfish prick, and Augie didn’t want to hear the truth.
“How’d Sandy take it?” Ken asked.
“Surprisingly well.”
“Now that’s scary,” Ken said. “Watch your back.”
“I know it’s just a matter of time,” Augie replied. “I wonder if she called anyone yet.”
“I wouldn’t know because I’m living with Mom! What a guy.”
“Aw, you’ll pull it together, kiddo,” Augie said. “Terry on her period?”
“Not exactly,” he said. “I had a complaint at work about smelling like brew.”
“Oh, gotcha,” Augie said. “I think I remember this. I was distracted with the boy wonder there making eyes at our mother.”
“No wonder we’re fucked up,” Ken said, laughing.
“Poor Mom, she really did the best she could. I left pissed off at her, and now I need to apologize. I’m sure Sandy has already called her. This is going to get weird before it gets better.”
“I doubt it’ll get better,” Ken said. “Sorry. I’m just trying to think logically.”
“I know. Where’s Reggie when you need him?”
“He’ll be here after lunch,” Belinda answered from behind the counter.
“I don’t have anything else to do,” Ken said.
“Me either,” Augie replied, turning to Belinda. “I guess we’ll hang around.”
“Okay,” she said. “You can have this plate of pastries. They’re fresh, but they’ve been out a while.”
Augie stood up to retrieve the plate.
Her back turned, Belinda texted Reggie. Gird your loins. Your posse is here.

After shopping at Walmart for everything needed for the new apartment, Steve and Lee checked out of the hotel and went to their new home.
“I’d like to carry you over the threshold,” he said, arms stretched wide.
“You crazy,” she said. “That for after we get married.”
“I’ll do it then, too. This is our first home together,” Steve said. “Humor me.”
Shrugging her shoulders, she stepped closer and he swooped her up into his arms.
Giving in, Lee giggled. “Oh, Stevie, you make me laugh,” she said. “Baker never carry me over the threshold because he say it hurt his back.”
Steve couldn’t help himself, but he burst out laughing in a rare display. “Lee, you weigh less then a bag of onions we bought last week. I can’t believe Baker said anything about you weighing too much.”
“He did,” she said, giggling. “You ask Titan.”
Setting her down in the middle of the new living room, Steve looked around. “Here we are. By the way, I guess we won’t hear from Titan this weekend if he’s in Chicago.”
“Why we not hear from him?” Lee said. “I’ll call him right now.”
Tempted to say not to bother Titan, Steve shut his mouth; she wouldn’t like it if he told her what to do. She dialed his house phone and the answering service picked up.
“They tell him to call me,” she said. “They didn’t know he was in Chicago.”
“It’s still early,” Steve said. “If he drove he won’t be there until later this afternoon.”
Ignoring him, she called Titan’s cell phone.

   “It’s my mother,” Titan said, looking at the phone. “I’m not answering. I hate to lie, but this weekend I’m in Chicago.”
“With our luck, they’ll drop by, so you’d better not lie. My phone has vibrated nonstop for the last three hours. Why is it that I’m suddenly indispensable?”
“I hope everything is okay,” Titan said. “Maybe you’d better check your messages.”
They were back at the car with a trunk load of food. Opening the door for her, Titan bent down and stole a kiss on her lips before she got inside, catching her off guard, and she started to laugh.
“I had so much garlic for lunch today…”
“As did I,” he said. “No worries. We smell the same.”
After she closed the door, she got the phone out and saw ten missed calls and texts. “Oh, for heaven’s sake.”
“Listen,” Titan said, getting in beside her.
She keyed in some numbers and the first voice mail began on speakerphone.
“Kelly, hi, this is Sandy. We need to talk. I think we should have family council tomorrow. Please call me as soon as you can.”
“Great,” she said. “What’s going on?”
“Who’s next?” Titan asked.
“My sister,” she said. “A text. Call me as soon as you can. Don’t take any calls until you talk to me first.”
“Ugh,” Titan said. “You’d better call her.”
“Are you sure you don’t mind?” Kelly asked, feeling rude.
“No, this is my family now, too, either way,” he said, taking her hand and kissing it again.
Kelly keyed in Karen’s number.
“Are you sitting down?” Karen asked.
“Yes, I’m in the car,” Kelly said, concerned. “What is it?”
“Liz called early this morning and the story is that Augie left Sandy for another woman. Sandy wants to have family council tomorrow, but I don’t feel right about you doing it without Augie.”
Stunned, Kelly was unable to speak for a moment. Everything was building up, her children finally coming unleashed, and she felt it was all her fault.
“Are you there? I know you must be devastated.”
“I don’t even know what to say. Sandy called Liz?”
“Yes. Augie didn’t come home last night, and when he showed up this morning, he confessed everything and said he was leaving. He’s going to stay by the girl’s place for now.”
Karen went on talking, criticizing Augie, calling him irresponsible and selfish, and suddenly Kelly couldn’t take anymore.
“I’m hanging up,” she said.
“Will you call me later?” Karen asked, realizing she’d crossed a boundary.
“Yes, goodbye.”
Taking deep breaths, Kelly did all she could to keep herself in control. Titan grabbed her hand and held on to her. “You heard, correct?” she asked.
“No, but I gather it’s bad. Don’t tell me right now. See if Augie called you.”
Looking down at her phone again, there was a text message from him earlier in the day. She didn’t read this out loud. Mom, I have to talk to you as soon as you can. I took the day off work. If you can, meet me at the coffee shop at one.
Checking the time, it was ten to one. “Can you get me over to the coffee shop? He’s waiting for me.”
“Of course,” he said, starting the car.
They drove in silence, the heaviness of whatever she was going through palpable, transferring its pain to Titan, and they held on to each other’s hands as he drove, like friends.
“I’ll drop you off on the corner and head home. Just text when you want me to come back.”
“Titan, I’m over it. Come in with me. They’re getting used to you being around. It appears everyone is doing their own thing regardless of who it impacts. First my husband, now my son left his wife for another woman. I can have a companion.”
“If you’re sure. I don’t want to intrude.”
“You might as well get used to it,” she said. “Welcome to my family.”
She sat and waited for him to open her door, more out of exhaustion than propriety. They didn’t hold hands walking up to the coffee shop. He held the door for her and through the lunch crowd, she saw three of her boys, Ken and Augie at a table in back and Reggie standing over them with a coffee pot.
“You came,” Augie said, standing up to kiss her.
He shook Titan’s hand like it was as normal as could be for him to be accompanying his mother.
They pulled out chairs while Kelly kissed her other two boys.
“We have to talk,” Augie whispered.
“Sandy called Liz, Liz called Karen, and Karen called me,” she said. “I know.”
“Mother, I’m so sorry,” he said.
“It sucks,” Ken said. “Our family is fucked up.”
“Today, I agree with you,” she said. “But I still love you and want to protect you. Sandy wants to have a family council tomorrow. You have to be there. I can’t imagine what she wants to say, and I don’t want her to be divisive.”
“I’ll be there,” Augie said. “I’m sure it won’t be anything bad. She probably wants to keep things just as they are.”
“Me too,” Ken said. “I’ll be there.”
“I might stay away for self-preservation,” Reggie said. “Unless you want me to referee.”
“It would be nice if everyone was there. You know me. Mother tiger. I won’t let it get too ugly.”
“So I guess we should try to ignore this?” Ken said, switching his finger between Titan and Kelly.
“Just for a few months,” Kelly said, squirming. “Out of respect for Titan’s wife.”
“Oh, gotcha,” Ken said.
The men murmured their condolences again. “Are you guys okay with us?” Titan asked.
“Hey, you won’t get an argument from me. I’m the last person to judge,” Augie said. “I’m sorry I freaked out Wednesday night. I wasn’t in my right mind.”
“I think it’s nice our mother has someone who cares about her,” Reggie said. “You do care, do you not? I mean, we are assuming you’re together because you like each other.”
“Reggie, you’ve been in school too long,” Ken said, and they all laughed.
“What’s everyone doing tonight?” Kelly asked.
“I’ve been summoned to Alice’s, so don’t expect me home,” Ken answered.
“I’m going to ask Sandy if I can come by and see the kids after school,” Augie said.
“I have a date with Belinda,” Reggie said. “We might stop by Alice’s house.”
Titan helped Kelly put her coat on. “We should start early tomorrow,” she said. “Around four. Then we can eat.”
“What are we having?” Ken asked.
“I’m not sure yet,” she said, winking. “But we have a trunk full of food from Eastern Market, so it should be good. I’ll see you then.”
She kissed them in reverse order and left the coffee shop with Titan’s hand on the back of her neck. “When the old man finds out about this, I have a feeling blood is gonna be shed,” Ken said, watching them leave the building.

“Our secret didn’t last long,” Titan said, concerned.
“My boys won’t say a word,” Kelly said. “The three of them have enough of their own boogeymen to focus too much on us.”
“I’m looking forward to getting to know my siblings,” Titan said. “Or my stepchildren.”
“Don’t get carried away, Titan. This might be the rebound for both of us. I think it’s important that we don’t rush anything.”
“I’m crushed,” he said. “You can ask my mother. I didn’t play around.”
Looking at him carefully, Kelly thought about the impact of what he said meant for her.
“Why are you interested in me?”
“You must know by now that my standard answers always start with sarcasm, but I’ll try to abstain,” he said.
“It must be hereditary. I really want to know,” Kelly replied.
“The night I came to your house late, my first thought when you opened the door was that you were beautiful. So that was the initial attraction, and as you know, for a man, that’s key.”
Unable to hold it in, Kelly laughed, but just for a second. “I’m embarrassed,” she said. “But continue.”
“A bunch of things came together next. You allowed my mother to intrude, and I knew it must have driven everyone crazy. We don’t have to pretend she’s something she’s not. Allowing me to stay at your house so your children could get to know me even impressed Lee.
“You’re kind, smart, funny, and interesting.”
“Wow, you make me sound wonderful!” she said, smiling.
They’d arrived at Kelly’s house. Pulling into the driveway, Titan put the car in park. “Now you tell me. Why are you interested in me?”
“I had an immediate attraction once you let me know you were interested. I was ready to accept you as my stepson. I even referred to you that way. The first night you were here, something clicked between us. I thought we’d be good friends.”
“I felt it, too,” he said. “Maybe I initiated it by getting too close.”
“You were a little bold, but that’s okay. I was ready for bold. After my marriage, I was definitely ready.”
“I guess things have been tough for you and Steve,” he said. “I’m not surprised after the bombs we dropped on you.”
“I can’t blame Lee,” Kelly replied. “Steve has always been miserable, but I know it’s because he loved her and not me. I’m happy for Steve. He’s making important changes in his life. It’ll be good for our children, too.”
“What’s next?”
“We’ll take it moment by moment. This might not last,” she said.
“Wow, how depressing,” Titan said.
“If someone more appropriate comes along, the age thing might end up being a factor. It would be sad.”
“The age thing, as you call it, is not a thing. I’m interested in you, Kelly Dailey.”
“How’d you know…”
“I asked Ken,” he said, sheepish. “My mother calls you Kelly Boyd. Men, except for Steve she refers to by their last names. Ted Baker was Baker. Women always have two names, a first and a last. How Steve ended up with Stevie is a mystery only my mother can solve.”
“I haven’t been a Dailey in a long time,” she said. “I’d stay Boyd for the kids, but I doubt they care.” She looked out the window at the forlorn landscape; even the mums were shot. “I guess we’d better get this food inside.”
Working together, they unloaded Titan’s car. “Thank you for helping. I’m used to doing this myself,” Kelly said. “It’s amazing how much easier it is with another pair of hands.
“On Friday, my routine is to clean the house while drinking wine alone and talking to my sister on the phone with the TV on in the background.”
“Is that what you were doing the night I arrived unannounced?”
“It was,” Kelly said. “It seems like a million years ago.”
“It’s only been a couple of weeks,” he said. “In that time, I’ve turned everyone’s life upside down and lost my wife in the process. Karma’s a bitch.”
“Do you feel like you’re being punished?” she asked, saddened.
“Not really, that was a stupid thing to say,” Titan replied.
“I don’t think it’s stupid. Do not be deceived. God will not be mocked. A man reaps what he sows. I guess I’m going to hell.”
Titan burst out laughing. “See! It is my fault.”
“I’m taking it out of context, of course,” she said. “You didn’t intentionally set out to hurt anyone. You were only looking for answers. The scripture goes on to say Let us not be weary in well-doing, for in due season we shall reap if we faint not. It’s one of my favorite Bible verses, but it obviously is not working for me.”
The end of her marriage was a faith killer for Kelly. She didn’t say more to Titan, not sure of where his faith was. If he had a little left after Jean dying, she didn’t want to destroy it. It was too late for her, however. After all her effort and now she realized, sacrifice, when Steve walked out on her, he took what little faith she had left along with him.
“Your season just isn’t up yet. Don’t give up,” he said, reaching for her.
Suddenly exhausted, she was relieved when he said he’d contact his mother to let her know his change of plans. Hopefully, he’d go to visit her for a while. Maybe if she suggested it…
“You should visit your mother,” she said. “I’ll do my thing and get ready for family council tomorrow. It’ll give me a chance to get caught up with my sister.”
“I was hoping we could take advantage of Ken not being here,” he said.
“I see! Maybe we need a chaperone,” Kelly replied, determined more than ever not to take advantage of anything. “No, you go ahead and visit. We’ll catch up later this evening.”
Reluctantly, Titan agreed and called his mother.
“I’m going to go over there now and help Steve put furniture from Walmart together. My mother isn’t happy about it,” he said, chuckling. “I’ll see you later, then.”
Waving goodbye as he pulled out of the driveway, Kelly felt a sense of relief at being alone. What had happened that day with Titan was too much, too soon. Full of regret, she had to pull back, slow it down. She thought of Karen, longing to share with her. It was too early to drink, so she’d make coffee, conscious that she was making choices. Karen would be at work, but hopefully she could talk.
“I’m sorry about earlier,” Karen said right away. “You know I love Augie. I was just upset that he might be making a mistake.”
“I know you do,” Kelly said. “I’m still processing this.”
“What did you do today?”
Kelly told her about Titan and their morning at the Eastern Market and the meeting at the coffee shop.
“You went to the market with Titan?” Karen asked, with the note in her voice that put Kelly on guard.
“There’s that tone again. I went to the market with Titan. Karen, what is it? I hope you aren’t going to take exception to everything I do and everything that my kids do. Because right now, that’s the way it feels.”
“It’s just weird! You open your house up to a stranger, and next thing he’s going to be your companion? It doesn’t feel right, that’s all.”
“Why doesn’t it feel right? Be specific. Is it his age? Whose son he is?” Kelly asked, and then was certain she was onto something. “Or is it something else?”
Physically shaking again, Kelly wondered how many times she could subject her body to adrenaline rushes due to the stress of what was happening in her family. The few arguments she and Karen had had over the years were difficult to overcome, once resulting in their estrangement for over a year. She’d slipped and told Karen she’d gotten pregnant with Alice on purpose, and although at first Karen had seemed accepting, in truth she couldn’t fathom it.
“You had sex with Steve? That in itself is shocking. Why are you even with him?”
Like Karen had smacked her, Kelly gasped, but didn’t respond right away. Fighting with her twin felt overwhelmingly final, like each word she said could never be taken back, couldn’t be forgiven, and certainly not forgotten.
“Karen, we’re married. I wanted another baby so Reggie wasn’t alone. Married couples plan their families like this all the time.”
“Married couples who love each other,” Karen snapped. “And Steve went along with it, evidently.”
“One hundred percent,” Kelly said.

Waiting on the phone for Karen to reply, Kelly couldn’t have prepared for what her twin said next.
“I think you’re with Titan to get even with Steve,” she said.
“Doing what? All we did was shop together!”
“You’ve been running together every day. You don’t run with anyone,” she said. “I detected the sexual chemistry between you, and it was sickening.”
Kelly was speechless. “I can’t help what you detected,” she said. “If you’re looking for something devious, you’re sure to find it. And as far as getting revenge on Steve, hurting him is the last thing on my mind. I don’t want to hurt my kids, so I won’t hurt Steve. Even if I was capable of it, he doesn’t care enough about me to be hurt.”
“I disagree, Kelly. If Steve finds out you’re in a relationship with Titan, I can’t even imagine what he’ll do.”
“He’d be jealous because I’m friends with Titan and he’s not, and that’s the only reason. Maxine already told me Steve was jealous that Titan talked to me.”
Heart pounding, Kelly had had enough. “I’m hanging up. I have enough on my plate right now without taking flack from the only person I thought I could count on one hundred percent. Stay away tomorrow. I don’t need your negativity at our family council.”
And with that, Kelly hung up on her sister. Feeling crazed, she quickly ran to her bedroom to take her jeans off and put on running pants. Throwing her phone on the bed, she’d leave it behind, needing the solitude that being unavailable would provide. The past few days running with Titan had been fun, but aerobically it was a waste of time. She’d make up for it, leaving the house and, without warming up, took off like a zephyr.
For more than an hour, she sprinted through town to the park, her mind a blank, so unaware of anything that when jumped from behind, she didn’t even feel it.
Chapter 21
Pain in her mouth, someone crying, hands dabbing her lips with something icy, a murmured conversation making no sense in the background.
“Oh, Kelly Boyd,” a voice tearfully repeated over again, “please wake up.”
She tried opening her eyes, the scent of lemon and cinnamon powerful, and she saw Lee standing over her with a washcloth, trying to wash her face.
“That hurts,” she moaned.
“I stop. I just hold ice on your mouth.”
Closing her eyes again, the sound of a cardiac monitor in the background revealed she was in the hospital.
“If she’s waking up, the police want to talk to her,” a disembodied voice said.
“She not awake yet,” Lee barked, in tigress mode.
Kelly heard Karen’s voice and relaxed, she wasn’t completely at Lee’s mercy if Karen was there.
“Karen,” she said.
“I’m here,” Karen said, crying, taking Kelly’s hand. “I’m so sorry.”
“What happened?” Kelly asked, trying to open her eyes, the effort taking every bit of strength she had.
“Let me know when you can talk to the police,” a strange voice said, a nurse - Kelly surmised, because she was doing something with her IV and it hurt.
“Ouch. What happened to me?” she repeated. “I was running in the park and now Lee is washing my face.”
“You vain like me,” Lee said. “I try to make you beautiful again.”
Kelly struggled to open her eyes to see Lee to her left, standing on a stool to reach Kelly’s face, a wadded-up washcloth in her hand. Tears streamed down her face. Steve was standing behind her, looking grim and angry.
Clustered around her, all six children, Titan, Karen on her right, and a nurse.
“Do you feel like you can talk to a cop?” Karen said. “You might remember something.”
“Was I attacked?”
“It appears so,” she said. “Someone found you off the path.”
“I guess I can talk,” she said. “Lee, can you wipe my eyes? I can’t see.”
“They put ointment in your eyes to protect them,” Ken said, moving forward.
“Well, get it out,” she begged.
Gently, Lee wiped her eyelids with tissues until Kelly said she could see.
“What time is it?” she asked.
“Friday afternoon,” Titan said. “You didn’t have your phone or any ID, but the nurses recognized you and called Steve as soon as you were brought in.”
“Who found me?” she asked, what she was being told not registering, and the nurse repeated what Karen had said, which was as much as they knew. “This is just great,” Kelly answered, despondent. “I’ll talk to the police.”
The nurse went back out of the room and returned with Detective Marty Sanders. He moved up to the side of the bed, and Kelly tried to focus on his face. Handsome and middle-aged, Marty Sanders looked concerned, but tired. Surprisingly, he took Kelly’s hand in both of his.
“I’m so sorry you had this experience,” he said. “That park is usually the safest one around. Do you remember what happened?”
“I really don’t remember anything,” she said. “I was running along and I felt a pain in my head.” With the hand he wasn’t holding, she reached up to feel the back of her head. “Oh God, I guess I did. I have an egg back here.”
The detective asked her a series of questions, but nothing jogged her memory.
“Did I only get beat up?” she said, frightened that she might have been raped.
“Luckily, the attack was interrupted by another runner,” Detective Sanders replied, looking into her eyes. “He didn’t see faces, because when he approached, the assailant took off into the brush. You didn’t have a phone or wallet, so we assumed you were robbed.”
“I left everything at home,” she said, lying back against the pillow. Closing her eyes, she was so tired. “When can I go?”
“How do you feel?” the nurse asked.
“I’m pissed! I want to go home,” she said, unable to control her anger any longer.
“You’re stable, so I don’t see any reason you have to stay. I’ll ask the doctor for discharge orders.”
“If you remember anything, no matter how inconsequential it might seem to you, call me,” Detective Sanders said, handing her a business card.
“I wish I could remember something, anything,” she said, frustrated.
“You get upset now,” Lee said, shooting daggers at the detective.
Kelly put her head back on the pillow.
“I’ll be in touch,” the detective said, letting go of her hand.
After the nurse and detective left, the family stayed in the room, her children upset, petting her and asking her what they could do.
“Someone, please go home and make sure Beaver is okay. Do I have clothes to wear? Because I’m leaving. I’m not hanging around here waiting for some resident to finish his dinner.”
It was so rare to see Kelly aggressive, no one challenged her. Lee rummaged through her belongings in a bag from the ER.
“Your top and jacket are soaked with blood,” Lee said.
“Scalp wounds bleed like a pig,” Ken said.
“Steve, boys, leave so she can get dressed,” Karen said, trying to help Kelly scoot to the side of the bed.
Lee put out her arm for Kelly to grab. Everyone left the room but Karen and Lee, both helping her dress in bloody clothes. “I can’t believe this,” Kelly said. “Now I have to worry about leaving the house alone?”
“No, but maybe stay out of the park,” Karen said.
“Titan upset,” Lee said. “He said he usually run with you now, but he go too slow, so you go without him.”
“This is true,” Kelly said, and the three women laughed. “But it’s not his fault.”
“I’m sorry about everything I said,” Karen said, choking up.
Lee looked at Karen, curious.
“Augie left his wife,” Kelly explained to Lee, no longer caring about their opinions. The truth was the truth.
“He might change his mind,” Lee said. “He miss his kids or feel guilty. Something.”
“I can only hope,” Kelly said.
“We don’t judge each other anymore,” Lee said. “It don’t help.”
“Oh lord, it really doesn’t,” Kelly said. “By the way, how’s Anne doing, cradle robber?”
Karen snickered, embarrassed. “She’s okay. She’ll be upset when she hears about this.”
“Anne’s a cop,” Kelly told Lee.
“Someday, I learn all the characters in the play,” Lee said. “I need to know, for Tet.”
“Why Tet?” Karen asked.
“It the New Year, why else?” Lee said, shrugging her shoulders. “We pray for each other.
“Like you do a New Year’s resolution. Baker used to say every New Year he go on a diet. But he die fat.” Staring Karen up and down as if to say I rest my case, she kept talking.
“During Tet, I pray for each person so the Kitchen God will tell the Jade Emperor good things about the family. We forget about the troubles of the past, and hope for a better new year. This year, Titan don’t visit no one on Tet because of Jean. Bad luck all year if he visits.”
“Because she died?” Kelly asked, putting her arm in the bloody jacket Lee held for her.
“Yes,” Lee said. “I hope no one else die this year. Baker die, so I don’t visit no one last year. Every year someone die.”
Karen and Kelly made eye contact over Lee’s head. “I hope no one else dies this year, too,” Kelly said, putting her arm around Lee’s shoulders.
“Come on, you two, I want to get out of here. Can you take me home?” Kelly asked Karen. “We have to talk.”
“Of course,” she said.
They walked out to the parking lot, everyone inquiring about her welfare. “Thank you for coming. We’ll still have family council tomorrow afternoon.”
Concerned for her, but not wanting to say too much in front of the family, Titan caught her eye and winked, mouthing see you later, to which she nodded her head.
Karen held the door open for her while the others hovered around her. “Please, all of you go home. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Resigned, they kissed her and moved to their own cars. Waving to her children as Karen pulled out of the parking lot, Kelly was aware of pain in her face and her ribs, her head pounding.
“Why would anyone jump me? I don’t get it, it feels all wrong.”
“Why didn’t you say anything to the cop?” Karen asked.
“Steve was standing right there, the kids were there, I didn’t want to upset anyone.”
“You’re an attractive woman,” Karen said. “Who knows if the other runner didn’t stop a rape?”
“I thought of that, too. But it doesn’t seem likely that two men would attack to rape in broad daylight.”
“You know there were two men?”
 Kelly looked out the window, remembering suddenly.
“I do. I remember mumbling, voices saying something to each other like hit her harder. At least knock her out.”
She riffled through her jacket, looking for the card the detective had given her. “I’m going to call him. Let me have your phone.”
“You’re scaring me,” Karen said. “You’re suggesting someone did this to you on purpose?”
“That’s what I’m suggesting,” she said, keying the number in.
By the time the detective got on the line, they were at Kelly’s house. “I remember two distinct voices,” she said to him. “One of the men said hit her harder. I was already down on the ground, but I do remember that. Two men.”
The detective said something that Karen didn’t hear, the fear building up.
“I think it was on purpose. Not random,” Kelly said into the phone.
“What makes you say that?” Marty Sanders asked, taking her concerns seriously.
“Two men seem like overkill, first of all. If someone was going to rape me, they wouldn’t come in a pair. I think it was done to scare me. Just to beat me up.”
“Who would have reason to want you to be scared?” the detective asked.
“I don’t know,” she said. “I’m getting a divorce, but it’s hardly contentious. That was my husband in the hospital room, his girlfriend washing my face.”
“CSI found a large rock with blood on it. It may be the weapon,” he said, deciding to share information with her that they’d usually keep under wraps until all testing was completed.
“Someone threw a rock at me?”
“Could be. And when you were down, you heard those voices. If the runner hadn’t happened by, it could have been much worse.”
“Someone tried to kill me?” she asked, incredulous.
“It is possible. The rock has prints on it, so we might have answers soon. If you think of anything else, call me,” he said. “I’ll be in touch as soon as we have something definitive.” 
They said goodbye and Kelly ended the call, stunned.
“Did I just hear that the police think someone is trying to kill you?” Karen asked.
“He said it’s possible. They found a rock with blood on it,” she said. “It might have prints, too.”
“Titan is here,” Karen said, trying not to sneer.
“He’s living here, Karen. Get used to it,” Kelly said. “Here he comes to get me. Watch, he’ll try to carry me. Steve would let me crawl to the house.”
Pushing the door open, she tried to smile at him. “Ouch,” she groaned. “I guess there are no smiles for a while.”
“I’m carrying you,” he said.
“No way,” she cried, but he had her up in his arms and walked toward the house with Kelly giving Karen the thumbs-up.
Karen couldn’t help it, she started to cry, it was all too emotional for her, and she didn’t understand the jealousy she was feeling. The temptation to drive away was strong, but she pulled it together and followed them inside. Feeling jumbled and confused, Kelly was drifting away from her. There didn’t seem to be any way to stop the progression.
“I had to do an acting number to keep my mother away from here,” Titan said, opening the door and not dropping Kelly. “She was hell-bent on being your private nurse.”
“Aw, that’s so nice of her,” Kelly said, bordering on sarcasm. “Put me down, please.”
They helped get her jacket off. “I need to get into the shower and wash this blood off,” she said.
“Come on. I’ll help you,” Karen said.
Waiting outside the bathroom door while Kelly showered just in case she got dizzy, Karen was aware of the shift in their relationship. It was more than Titan being there, more than Steve leaving. Kelly came out with a towel wrapped around her head.
“I’m a mess,” she said. “Help me comb my hair, will you? I’m afraid I’ll pull out the staple in my scalp and start another bloodletting.”
Afterward, they went back into the living room. Titan had the television on, watching the game.
“I guess I’m not cleaning house tonight,” she said, resting her head back on the cushion.
“I bought a bottle of wine especially for the occasion,” Karen said. “I won’t know what to do with myself.”
“Karen, sit down,” Kelly said. “You’re making me nervous.”
“You wanted to talk,” Karen said. “I’m not in the best shape emotionally for a discussion that will make a bit of sense.”
“We need to air our grievances with each other. You’re upset with my family, but I can’t do anything about it. The children are grown. Augie is middle-aged. I don’t want to hear anything negative about my kids from the one person I trust.”
Titan shut the television off.
“I’ll be back,” he said, pointing to the staircase. “I have a few calls to make.”
“So I’m supposed to keep my concerns to myself?” Karen replied, ignoring him.
“Yes, or tell Augie what’s worrying you. I don’t need to hear it,” Kelly said. “I’m tired, Karen. I need your support, not your criticism.”
Karen sat on the edge of the couch. “You keep making mistakes,” she whispered.
“If inviting Titan here was a mistake, I accept that,” Kelly said, her heart rate increasing. “What other mistakes did I make?”
“You’re seeing him,” Karen said, obviously bristling. “That’s just weird! He’s your husband’s son. It looks like you’re doing it for revenge.”
“What if I am?” she asked.
At that moment, Kelly made the decision not to defend herself. If her beloved sister thought this of her, there was likely nothing she could say to change her mind.
“Karen, what’s your point?”
A place of comfort she’d always had with Karen shut down. However, Karen was far from finished.
“You should have thrown Steve out long before this,” she said. “I can probably think of ten times Mom and Dad and I thought, This time she’ll do it. This time she’ll get wise.”
Brushing a tear away, Kelly couldn’t believe what she’d just heard. Her marriage unmistakably had been a topic of conversation in her family, how stupid she was to keep her marriage vows. The betrayal was heartbreaking.
“It’s amazing to me that it took a bastard son to get you to finally end it with Steve.”
Shocked, Kelly glanced at the staircase, hoping Titan didn’t hear that.
“Earlier this week you agreed that I did everything I could to save my marriage. I didn’t end it, Karen! He did. You know he left me for Lee. He’d probably still be in the basement if I’d had my way. You’ve missed the point completely. I was married to the father of my children. This was our life. It wasn’t your life to live. It wasn’t your business but to love me and support me.”
Standing up, Karen had had enough. “We’ve argued in a circle.”
“You want me to live my life so it’s acceptable to you! I’ve stood by you through so much, and now when you’re in a position to support me, this is what happens? Stunning.”
Kelly’s words struck a nerve and Karen hesitated. Then it hit Kelly. She threw the afghan aside and struggled to stand up, pushing Karen’s helping hand away.
“I just figured it out; you’re jealous! As long as I had a husband who didn’t love me, you were right there by my side. As long as I was alone, you were on my side. Two days ago you defended me. The second it appeared someone might care about me, you turned on me. Sick!”
Indignant in the face of truth, Karen grabbed her coat off the chair and ran for the door. She turned to say something, flushed and agitated, but Titan started down the steps, and she left, slamming the door.
“Saved by the bell,” Kelly said.
They stood together, watching Karen get into her car and take off.
“As long as she was the only one loving me, everything was great between us. During the times Steve and I got along, she either withdrew or picked a fight with me. Boy, I’m dense. You’d better run from me with your life.”
“I don’t think I will. I like it here. Your family is so human. Remember, I was an only child. It was lonely and boring. I’d trade for this any day.”
“If you get involved with me, you won’t have children,” she said.
“I am involved with you already, and I don’t want children,” he answered. “I’ll have my nieces and nephews. Or grandchildren, whichever the DNA results support.”
Sitting down on the couch, he persuaded her to sit next to him. “How do you feel?”
“Like I was hit on the back of the head with a rock, pushed to the ground and kicked in the face. How do I look?”
“Pretty good, all things considering. Whoever did this to you was trying to frighten you.”
“I’m so sore; I don’t know what they broke. Is my nose swollen?”
“No,” he said, gently feeling her nose. “Your nose isn’t broken.”
“They must have kicked me because my ribs are killing me,” she said.
“May I?” Titan asked, holding his hands out at her sides.
“I guess so,” she said, tensing up.
Professionally, not veering toward her breasts like he wanted to, Titan felt along her rib cage and asked her if it hurt.
“No, no pain there,” she said. “It’s just bruising.”
“They could have really hurt you,” he said.
“Who would want to frighten me? I’m baffled. Who even knows me besides my family? I felt safer thinking it was random.”
“Try not to worry about it,” Titan said. “Just relax. You don’t have to do a thing. I’ll take care of you.”
“I feel bad about my sister,” she said. “Everything is falling apart.”
***
While she waited for Maxine to get home from work, Alice made her mother’s meatloaf recipe. It was Ken’s favorite comfort meal, with a tomatoey glaze on top, served with mashed potatoes and frozen corn. “It has to be frozen,” Ken had said. “None of this fresh crap.”
Kelly’s accident, as she referred to it, had the potential to terrorize Alice, the thought of anything happening to her mother dredging up the worst childhood fears. Staying busy, looking at the bright side of things would get her through the evening. That and a bottle of wine or two. Then she remembered Ken’s attempt at sobriety, and her mood crashed. There would be no drinking at their gathering. And if Maxine got pregnant, there would be no drinking at all. Boring.
When did alcohol become so important to her? Usually an upbeat woman, Alice recognized that it was an attempt at overcoming her true nature: melancholy. Maxine wouldn’t put up with a lot of whiney self-indulgence, so she’d learned early on to match Maxine’s sarcastic wit with a gentler, kinder personality. It fit in well; she simply had learned to keep her mouth upturned into a smile. Gentler, kinder was similar to her real personality; sad and depressed, she just had to think of other people. As long as she was referring to someone else, it worked. Keeping her focus on other people helped her to avoid looking too closely at herself.
Maxine wanted a baby. Alice understood becoming involved with someone almost ten years older might come with a few conflicts. She wasn’t looking to start a family yet, didn’t want the work or the responsibility. It might behoove her to find out from Maxine exactly how much input she was expected to have. Scary, she could imagine becoming the feminine version of her father, hiding in the basement when the pressures of parenthood got to be too intense.
“I’m home,” Maxine called from the hallway.
Alice went out to meet her. “Can you believe my mother?” she asked. “Did you hear anything?”
“They think it was a scare move. Someone might have put the assailants up to it. At first they thought it might be random, but your mom remembered two men talking about how to hurt her. That’s suspicious.”
“I don’t see anyone wanting to hurt my mother,” Alice replied, stunned by the news.
“I drove by her house and the TV was on. Titan’s car is there.”
“Oh God, that’s another thing. I don’t get it, not a bit. It’s just asking for trouble. My father is going to have a fit.”
“He already is,” Maxine said. “And he doesn’t know the whole story yet.”
“You should have seen him at the hospital. He couldn’t speak he was so angry. I knew it wasn’t for my mother’s sake, that something else must have set him off. Lee was taking care of my mother. That also didn’t go over well.”
“What time is Ken coming?” Maxine asked, changing the subject.
“Soon,” Alice answered. “Dinner is almost ready.
At seven thirty, better late than never, Ken appeared, smiling, sober, bearing a bottle of sparkling cider from the grocery store. “We can pretend, right? That’s not forbidden.”
Taking the bottle from him, Maxine read the label, grimacing. “Yuck. If we’re going to drink cider, let’s drink the real stuff from the cider mill.”
“I bought a gallon,” Alice said. “If you don’t get a buzz from the sugar, you’ll get a colon cleanse at the very least.”
“That I can do without,” Maxine said. “Are you hungry?”
“Starved,” Ken answered. “What do I smell?”
“Mom’s meatloaf,” Alice said.
“I’m going to replace booze with food if I’m not careful. Reggie’s girlfriend kept bringing pastries and cheesecake to the table today, and I ate it up.”
“Did you have a powwow?” Alice asked. “I saw you three boys walk into the hospital together.”
“Augie needed to vent, so we were there to advise,” Ken said. “Of course, he didn’t pay any attention to me. Reggie made some good points though.”
“Reggie’s always full of good advice,” Maxine said. “If only he’d take some of it himself.”
“Reggie’s just fine,” Ken said defensively.
“He’ll be here with Belinda,” Alice said. “They should be here after eight.”
“I’d better say what I want to say, then,” Maxine said. “Sit down, Ken.”
Sitting at the end of the couch, he looked from woman to woman, wishing he could have a drink. “What’s going on?”
“I’ll get right to the point. I want to have a baby, and I was hoping you’d be the donor. That way, Alice would be related to the baby, and you’d be there as a dad.”
Taken by complete surprise, Ken’s face showed it.
“Whoa, you want me to have a baby with you? I’m not sure I’m ready to be a dad,” he answered. “That’s a lot of responsibility.”
“If you don’t want to be involved, we don’t have to talk about it anymore,” Maxine said, struggling not to allow her disappointment to show through.
“Did you ask Reggie, or even Augie? Or what about Ben?”
“I asked you,” Maxine said. “We want you.”
Squirming in his seat, Ken could only see trouble. He didn’t want to have a child with the woman he loved, let alone Maxine. It was an insane request, but he answered lovingly.
“Gosh, you two, I’m so honored. I really am, but I’m not ready for a family with anyone. I couldn’t do that to a kid, just be there and not be available.”
“Well, that sucks,” Maxine said. “I knew it was too good to be true.”
“Are you in a hurry? I mean, can you wait a while? Maybe a few months? I might feel differently after my life settles down a little bit.” He looked at his watch. “Oh hell, can I turn the TV on? The Lions are playing Miami.”
“Go ahead,” Alice said, dreading the next few hours, knowing how disappointed Maxine was.
“Oh, and can I spend the night? I might be intruding if I go back to Mom’s. There was definitely romance in the air earlier.”
“I don’t even want to hear that,” Alice said with her hands over her ears.
“Wait! I thought you were in favor of her getting a break,” Ken said, confused.
“Yeah, I’m in favor of something nice happening for her, but not with my possible half brother, and not two weeks after Dad left. She needs to go it alone and try freedom for a while, if you ask me.”
“No one’s asking you,” Maxine said. “I’m going to lie down.”
“Max, don’t be pissed,” Ken begged.
“I’m disappointed,” she replied, wanting to stamp her foot. “I’m ready to have a child.”
“Did you think I was going to jack off into a cup tonight, for God’s sake?”
“Well, not exactly,” she said and then, unfettered, started laughing. “You make it sound so exciting.”
“Shush,” he said, pointing to the TV.
“Hopeless,” Maxine said, looking at him. “Friggin hopeless.”
“Call Augie. I’m telling you, he’ll be willing. He’s already a father,” Alice said.
“Maybe knowing who it comes from isn’t such a great idea,” Maxine said.
“We decided it’s the only way,” Alice said. “Now you’re just being stubborn, not getting your way. Besides, I want to tell our child who their father is. It makes a difference.”
“You guys should adopt,” Ken said.
Maxine picked up a throw pillow and threw it at him. “Shut up, will you? Why should we adopt? I’m not feeling guilty because I want my own baby. Straight couples don’t have guilt, why should we?”
“That wasn’t my point,” he said. “It was just an idea. Alice’s right. Call my brother Augie.”
A knock on the door interrupted him. “Reggie,” Alice said, getting up.
Maxine sat on the couch, hugging a pillow, her eyes glued to the TV but not seeing the game. Not normally a pouter, Maxine was miserable, and Reggie noticed immediately, stopping in the doorway.
“Oh no, what did we interrupt?”
“Nothing,” Alice said, pushing him toward the kitchen. “I made Mom’s meatloaf.”
“Don’t make them leave,” Maxine said. “I think Reggie is entitled to hear what’s going on.”
“You just said…”
“Shut up, Ken. Reggie, Belinda, I want to have a baby. Ken won’t cooperate, and I think that’s shitty of him.”
“Yikes, maybe this is too personal,” Reggie said. “Why don’t we come back another time?”
“No, we need you now. You can be the voice of reason,” Maxine said, pleading.
“Max, you’re losing it,” Ken said, losing interest in the game. “You know, I think I’d better leave.”
“Wait, don’t leave on our account,” Reggie said, gently pushing Belinda to the door. “We’ll leave. I have a headache anyway.”
A maelstrom ensued, with Ken looking for his coat, and Alice begging them not to leave, Maxine begging for Reggie’s professional opinion, and Belinda trying with all her strength not to laugh.
“All I want is a little sperm from this family,” Maxine screamed. “Is that asking too much?”
“Reggie, what about you?” Belinda asked.
“Please, pipe down,” he begged. “We really have to go.”
“Reggie, this is perfect!” Belinda announced. “We don’t want kids. We don’t feel we’re emotionally stable enough to raise a child.”
“Belinda, are you serious?” Reggie asked. “That’s not information to share.”
“Yes, it is,” she said. “We’re involved with my nieces and nephews, and when Reggie’s not writing a paper, he interacts with your brother’s children. It’s not like we don’t like kids.”
“What’s your point?” Maxine asked.
Ken and Alice stood at the door, compelled to watch.
“Why not use Reggie?” Belinda asked. “He’s perfect. He is smarter than Ken…”
“Thanks, Belinda,” Ken replied, frowning.
“You’re welcome. And he doesn’t have the substance abuse issues.”
“I’m working on it,” Ken shouted.
Belinda looked at him. “What do you think Terry might say about this?”
“She’d hate it,” Ken answered. “I refused, anyway. That’s what this is all about. If I agreed, we’d be in bed right now.”
“Ken! I’m not sleeping with you,” Maxine cried.
“Calm down. It’s just a figure of speech,” Ken said.
A cheer rose from the television and Ken ran back into the living room to see what he was missing. “Touchdown!” he screamed.
“Come in and eat,” Alice said, defeated. “I made meatloaf for ten people.”
“Please, eat her damn meatloaf so I don’t have to,” Maxine said, plopping back on the couch.
An ad came on and Ken turned to her. “If Reggie agrees, that’s the best of both worlds, Max. They want a child, but they don’t want to raise it. You should reconsider.”
“He didn’t exactly act like he’d be willing,” she said, wiping a tear away. “And I’m acting like an asshole.”
“No, you’re not,” Ken said, bending over to pat her shoulder. “You want a baby. You’re emotional about it. The perfect storm.”
The comparison made her giggle, and she reached for a tissue box. “We’d be perfect together,” she whispered.
“Maxine, I’m flattered, but I’m too messed up to partner with anyone, especially involving a kid.”
It dawned on him that there might be an underlying intimation. “You don’t mean together together, do you? What about Alice?”
“Alice is game,” Maxine said. “You’re my male fantasy. She goes along with it.”
Even for bawdy Ken, her admission shocked him. “In a fantasy, maybe,” he said. “But I doubt she’d stand by while we, you know.”
“Ask her, Ken,” Maxine said.
“No way,” he answered, perhaps more forcefully than he intended. “I’m not even going there. I think what’s happening is because my father has gone off the deep end, everyone is losing their rational thinking.”
Walking in with a beer, Alice agreed. “Sorry, buddy, I need this right now. Everyone’s lost their minds.”
“Your girlfriend just propositioned me,” Ken said, looking down at Maxine.
Alice stood still as a statue, the beer in her hand, looking from person to person. “No way.” 
“I just let him know the truth,” she said.
“Maxine, that’s our private stuff. Don’t share, especially with Ken.”
“This is getting a little weird, you guys,” he said. “Maybe I should leave.”
“Ken, it’s nothing, trust me. Maxine is curious, that’s all. I won’t go into detail, but it’s not a big deal.”
Another shout from the TV and he was back to the game.
Reggie and Belinda walked out with their plates of food and sat next to each other on the couch. “This is so good, just like Mom’s,” Reggie said, shoveling it in.
“Maxine, you should consider Reggie,” Belinda persisted. “He’s smart, healthy, wise, and he won’t interfere. He’ll be there for the kid when the time is right.”
“Did you just come up with that?” Maxine asked.
“Yep, while we were filling our plates. The only issue I can see is the financial one. He’s never going to make a ton of money, so you should be sure you can manage a child on your income. I mean, if you used banked sperm, you’d be on your own.”
“Just as I’m preparing to put a spoonful of mashed potatoes in my mouth,” Reggie said, grimacing.
“Yeah, less talk,” Ken said, pointing to the TV again.
Nodding toward the kitchen, Maxine got up off the couch, and Belinda followed.
“Don’t plan my life in there,” Reggie called out.
“Hey! Maybe you should ask Dad,” Ken said.

Across town, Augie pulled into the driveway of the house he’d shared with Sandy until that morning. In a short ten hours, it already felt alien to him. How’d he tolerate coming home every night? Then the reason made itself known.
“Daddy!” he heard, the screams of his kids, and it broke his heart.
Waving madly, he hurried up the walkway, fighting tears at the sight of his children. Crowding around him, he hugged them, moving toward the couch with them hanging on to him for dear life. “Why this greeting?” he asked. “I come home every night and you don’t care.”
Cries of protestation rang out while Augie laughed, ruffling heads and pulling the littlest up on his lap. Sandy stood off, observing. Patience wearing thin, she counted to ten.
“Let’s get ready for pizza,” she said, herding them into the kitchen.
Augie rose from the couch, wanting to put his head back and close his eyes, but not wanting to get too comfortable. He followed behind, pulling his usual chair out, listening to the chatter.
“Did you hear about my mother?” he asked Sandy over the din.
“Liz called,” she said, a note of derision in her voice. “She needs to stay out of the park.”
“What happened to Granny?” their oldest daughter asked.
“I’ll tell you later. Eat up,” Sandy said, nodding to Augie toward the living room.
“I’ll stay here with the kids,’ he said. “You go do what you need to do.”
“We need to talk,” she said.
He ignored her, turning his attention back to the children, who were telling him about their day.
They ate, laughing and talking with their father. He remembered the rare times Steve paid attention to him as a child, and it was usually something critical, using mealtime to correct or admonish if Kelly wasn’t around. His guilt about leaving the family was overwhelming, but the pride Augie took in his children knowing he loved them far outweighed it. He wouldn’t make the same mistakes his parents made.
Dinner over, it was movie time. The older children piled into the living room while Augie and Sandy put the littlest to bed.
“I’m going to head out now,” he said.
“Augie, I need to talk to you,” Sandy replied. “I don’t want to say it in front of your family tomorrow.”
“Come in here,” he said, moving toward the kitchen.
Shutting the door, he didn’t want to get into an argument with her. “Why are you dragging my family into this? It has nothing to do with them.”
“It has everything to do with them, Augie! Your father is acting like an asshole, so it gives you and everyone else the right to do the same thing. Where did this come from? I knew you were seeing her, and I let it go. Why leave? I gave you the best of both worlds.”
“Look, I’m not waiting until I’m sixty-five like my dad did,” he said. “If that hurts, I’m sorry. I can’t take it anymore. And I don’t want to do this every time I come to see the kids.”
“Maybe we won’t be able to work out our own custody agreement, then,” she said. “I don’t want you thinking you can just pop over whenever it suits you. That won’t work for me.”
“You just said I could stay and see another woman on the side! Why use the kids to get even because I won’t do what you want?”
“I’m not using the kids,” she said, growing weary. “Just don’t think you can disrespect me.”
“I won’t. But you never answered my question. Why are you dragging my family into this?”
“I want them to know my side, that’s why. Liz and Terry are my best friends. Your leaving might impact that, and I want to know.”
“Terry kicked Ken out, so I don’t think she’ll be a problem for you,” he said.
“Oh, no, I wondered why I hadn’t heard from her,” Sandy said, looking at her phone in case she missed a message. “Unless you’re going to hang out with the kids, you’d better leave.”
“I tried to and you said you wanted to talk! You’re schizophrenic, girl.”
It came out of the blue, Sandy threw her phone at Augie, and it hit him in the temple. Within seconds, a broken vessel under his skin filled with blood.
“What the hell!” he yelled, holding his face.
“Shut up or you’ll upset the kids. You’d better go lie down before you get a black eye.”
He started moving toward the living room. “Not here, asshole! Go to your girlfriend’s house.”
“Jeesh, make up your mind,” he said, moaning.
Running ahead of him, she quickly opened the door, the impulse to kick him in the thigh powerful, but she didn’t succumb.
“Get out!” she hissed.
“I’m going!” he cried, but she slammed the door on him, delighted to see it hit him in the rear end.
She watched him stumble to the car and, the cycle complete, burst into tears.
Chapter 22
Sitting at their new Walmart table, Steve and Lee held hands, looking out over the soft, lighted paths through a wooded area and the darker, unlit woods beyond.
“Homeless people probably live in back,” Lee said, reaching for her wineglass. “We keep the doors locked at night.”
“I’ll get those lights we talked about,” Steve replied. “Then we can see if anyone’s hiding out there.”
“I want to see Kelly Boyd,” Lee said, pushing her chair away from the table.
“Ah, I’m not sure that’s such a good idea,” Steve said. “She was pretty clear the last time we were there on Tuesday night that we weren’t welcome. And I want to watch the game.”
“I apologize, so everything okay with us. We go,” she said pointing to the door. “I want to see my son, too. You can watch the game there.”
“Text Titan and let him know we’re coming,” Steve said. “Then if Kelly doesn’t want company, he can come outside.”
“I’m not visiting my son in the freezing cold dark,” Lee said. “We go in the house. Remember, it your house, too, Stevie.”
“Yes, well, not really,” he said, waiting for her to text Titan.
Coasting along, nothing, not even the attack on Kelly, seemed to have much effect on Steve. He was annoyed that Lee was ministering to Kelly in the hospital; he couldn’t understand why she would stick her neck out to pamper someone who clearly had nothing but contempt for her.
“Can I ask you a question?”
Frowning, Lee hated that phrase. “If I don’t want you to ask me, you already ask,” she snapped. “What?”
“Why’d you wash Kelly’s face in the hospital?”
Lee spun around to look at him. “Why you ask?”
“I want to know,” he said. “It bothered me, that’s all.”
“You jealous?” she asked, looking at him carefully. “Jealous of what I do for her? Or jealous that you want to do it?”
“I never took care of Kelly that way all the years we were together, and I have no desire to do it now. Why’d you do it? It was weird.”
“No one else care about her,” Lee said, tossing her head. “She look awful with dried blood on her face and down her back. Her own daughters don’t care.”
Her passion confused Steve. Kelly was the enemy; why would Lee care if no one cared about Kelly?
“So what?” Steve replied. “Isn’t that what you want?”
Stunned that he’d come to that conclusion about her, Lee didn’t know what to say at first.
“No. I feel guilty about her after she take care of my son. Our son. It make me take a second look at Kelly Boyd. Maybe she not so bad after all. I can be a little nicer to her.”
Looking down at her phone, she nodded toward the door. “Let’s go. Titan said Kelly Boyd is asleep. He’ll meet us at the door so the dog don’t bark.”
Stony, the last thing Steve wanted to do was go to his old house. But part of turning over a new leaf was getting to know Titan. He’d go not just to keep the peace, but to try to connect with his son.
Lee’s chatter comforted Steve on the way. Taking her hand while he drove, by the time they reached the house, he was smiling.
Titan was standing on the other side of the storm door, waiting for them. As they approached the house, he opened up and stood aside for Lee to pass, but didn’t kiss her. It was one of the contrasts between this family and his original. Kelly was always kissing her children, and they in turn always kissed her, greeting or saying goodbye. Steve didn’t like it, but now, seeing how affectionate Titan and Lee were without laying a hand on each other, the other way really annoyed him. At the hospital, all the kissing and touching disgusted him. What were they trying to prove?
Then, the dog flew out the door, yipping and whining, jumping up on Steve, and all of his resolve to stay unemotional and undemonstrative left in response to a dog’s love. Beaver was clearly ecstatic to see Steve again.
“Good ol’ boy,” Steve said, scratching Beaver’s ears, biting back tears. “Good ol’ boy.”
Nudging Beaver along, Steve passed by Titan and stuck out his hand to shake. 
“Hello,” Titan said. “Thanks for bringing my mother over.”
Steve wasn’t sure if he was being sincere or speaking with the same sarcasm that he often dished out himself.
“She wanted to visit,” he answered, shrugging his shoulders. “I want her to be happy.”
“I’m happy, I’m happy. So Kelly Boyd asleep?” Lee whispered.
“She’s fast asleep,” Titan said. “I guess you could say she had a rough day.”
They talked about what had happened to Kelly. Then Lee switched the conversation to what Titan was going to do after he told them about flying into Chicago Monday morning.
“Now that we have an apartment, you should stay with us,” Lee said.
Put on the spot, Titan had no intentions of moving in with Steve and Lee, but he didn’t want to refuse and refocus the attention on Kelly.
“That’s great you have your apartment. But I’m upstairs alone and have my own bathroom. I should stay here. It won’t be for long. As soon as I sell my place I’ll get something here in town.”
“Stay here if you want,” Steve said, bent over, mindlessly petting the dog who had taken a permanent position at his feet. “My kids have already mentioned that it’s nice having you here.”
“What your kids have to do with Titan?” Lee said.
“He’s their half brother, Lee,” Steve replied. “They want to get to know him. We just had this conversation.”
“I thought I heard voices,” Kelly said, walking into the room.
“I’m sorry,” Titan said. “Go back to bed, and we’ll keep our voices low.”
“No, no worries. I need tea. Would you like something to drink?” she asked Lee and Steve.
“Kelly Boyd, you sit down,” Lee said, getting up from the couch. “Come, sit. I make tea.”
“I’m not going to argue with that,” Kelly said, sitting on the opposite end of the couch from Steve.
A week before, there would be no chance of letting Lee anywhere near her kitchen, but it seemed silly to deny Lee wanting to wait on her.
“What’s with Beaver?” Kelly asked, surprised to see Steve petting the dog.
“He’s finally paying attention to me,” Steve said, happy. “I miss my old companion.” 
“Now don’t think you can take him,” Kelly said, alarmed.
“I won’t, I can’t have him in the apartment,” Steve said. “But maybe when I get a house, you’ll share custody.”
“I’ll take it under consideration,” Kelly said. “Will Lee mind a dog?”
“I take care of the dog for you, Kelly Boyd,” Lee said, bringing tea in and setting it on the table next to Kelly.
“How do you feel?” Titan asked, trying to change the subject.
“About like someone threw a rock at the back of my head,” she answered.
“Is that what they think happened?” Steve asked.
“They found a rock with blood on it in the area where I was attacked. They’re going to check it for fingerprints.”
“If I promise to run faster, will you wait to go with me from now on?” Titan asked.
“We’ll see,” Kelly answered, giggling. “It’s not much of a workout.”
“His legs are so long, you should have to run after him just to keep up with his walking,” Steve said.
“You’d think, right?” Kelly replied. “He’s too busy moaning and groaning trying to keep up with me.”
“Did you work out in Chicago?” Steve asked.
“Does it look like it?” Titan answered, holding his lean arms out. “I’m too lazy.”
“I don’t think an orthopedic surgeon can ever be said to be too lazy,” Kelly said. “Maybe too busy?”
“Nah, because Jean was a gym rat. Until she wasn’t able to exercise, she was in the gym almost every day.”
Lee returned with a mug of tea for herself. “That’s true,” she said. “Jean was in good shape for her age.”
“How old was she?” Steve asked. “If I’m not being too nosy.”
“Her fifty-third birthday would have been next month,” Titan said, waiting for Lee to have a conniption, but she didn’t say a word, her jaw set. She noticed what he’d said, but couldn’t very well criticize him after confessing that she’d lied about Ted Baker. Everyone’s sins were catching up with them.
“Tomorrow we have family council,” Kelly said. “You should come. It might get ugly because Augie’s wife is angry, and rightfully so.”
“Why is she dragging us into it?” Steve asked, the whine in his voice unmistakable.
“We come,” Lee said. “This is your family, Stevie. Kelly Boyd think we should be here, we come.”
The phone rang and before Kelly could get up to get it, Titan brought it to her.
“Mrs. Boyd, it’s Detective Sanders. I’m sorry I’m calling late but this is information you should have. The prints on the rock we believe was used to hit you belong to a David Marks of Dearborn Heights. Does that name ring a bell?”
It took a moment, but when the realization hit her, it hit hard, and she started to shake.
“He’s my daughter-in-law’s brother,” Kelly said, glancing at Steve.
“What’s your relationship with him?” the detective asked.
“I don’t have one,” she said. “I’m not sure I would recognize him on the street. Why would his prints be on the rock that may have been used to hurt me?”
“What’s you relationship like with your daughter-in-law?”
“It’s great! I mean I thought it was great. I’ve never had a negative word with her, ever. What are you trying to say?”
“We’re picking him up tonight, so hopefully, I’ll have more information for you soon. In the meantime, do you have someone who can stay with you?”
“Do I have to worry about my safety in my own house?”
“As long as whoever attacked you is still out there, you shouldn’t be alone, that’s all. Is anyone there with you?”
“Yes,” she said shortly. “I won’t be alone.”
They said goodbye and she ended the call. “What’s going on?” Steve asked, concerned.
“They think the person who attacked me was Sandy’s brother. Dave Marks’s finger prints are on that rock they found. Why would he throw a rock at me?”
“She mad because of Augie leaving her for another woman. I bet if you ask her, that what she say,” Lee said. “They blame all of us for that.”
“Did you talk to her?” Steve asked Lee, confused.
“No, I don’t talk to her! It common sense,” Lee answered. “I don’t know her. But mark my word. We will see her tomorrow at family council.”
“Oh crap! Family council!”
“You should call that cop back,” Steve said. “Tell him she’s going to be here tomorrow.”
“I don’t know about that,” Kelly said. “Now I’m worried. What if she did put her brother up to it? Why would she?”
“Ask her,” Titan said.
“I agree,” Steve said. “Call her and tell her what the cop said. He didn’t say not to talk to her, did he?”
“No, but he did say I shouldn’t be alone. That makes me nervous enough.”
“You won’t be alone,” Steve said. “Call her while we’re here. Then, if she sends that goon over here, we can take him out.”
Titan hit his hand on his knee and laughed. “I’m not much of a fighter, but I can throw chairs with the best of them.”
It seemed Steve and Titan had finally found similar ground in their sarcasm, and Kelly relaxed and laughed. But Lee didn’t think it was amusing.
“It not funny, Titan,” Lee said, indignant. “You too, Stevie.”
“Ma, I know, but you’ve got to admit, Steve is pretty funny.”
“Hysterical,” Kelly said, shaking her head.
“You should call Sandy,” Lee said, ignoring Steve and Titan.
“I think I will call her and be honest about what the detective told me in case the cops show up at her house,” Kelly said, dialing Sandy’s number.
A hesitant Sandy answered when she saw caller ID.
“How are you feeling? Liz told me what happened,” Sandy said.
“I’ll live. I wanted you to know the police detective just called me, and Dave Marks’s fingerprints are on the rock that was thrown at my head.”
Silence rang out while Kelly waited. “My brother, Dave?” she asked, the tremor in her voice unmistakable.
“Brother Dave,” Kelly said. “They’re going to pick him up tonight. They also asked if everything was okay between you and me. I said it was, because I always thought it was wonderful. You’re like my own daughter.”
“And I tried to be just like you,” Sandy said, raising her voice. “I did everything exactly as you did so Augie would be happy. I turned a blind eye while he fell in love with another woman, just like you did.
“But Augie still left me, because when you let Steve go, it opened the door of possibilities up for everyone! If he can do it, why not Augie? Why not drink yourself to death, like Ken? Or eat yourself into oblivion like Lisa?”
“Sandy, I…”
“Save it, Kelly! This is your fault,” she said, her voice shrill now. “You martyred yourself in front of your kids for the past forty years. What the hell did you expect would happen? And now that moron Lee and her son are going to hang around! Oh God, I can’t wait for Christmas. That should be a blast!”
Kelly consciously tried deep breathing to prevent a meltdown, hoping Lee and Steve didn’t hear the remarks Sandy had made about them.
When she could speak in a normal tone, Kelly asked the big question. “Did you have anything to do with Dave wanting to hurt me?”
“No,” Sandy said. Kelly could tell she was crying. “He knew I was angry at you, and he might have tried to avenge Augie leaving me. Of course, Dave being Dave would go after the woman because he’s too much of a sissy to confront Augie. But I knew nothing of his plans. I’m shocked, actually. He’s on probation, and this will probably push him over the edge. My mother will be devastated.”
“He could have killed me, Sandy,” Kelly said.
“You are always so dramatic,” she shouted. “They didn’t even keep you overnight. It couldn’t have been that bad.”
Kelly hung up on her; making any attempt at reasoning with Sandy in her state of mind would be fruitless.
“Wow, that didn’t sound too promising,” Titan said.
Wiping a tear off her cheek, Kelly shook her head. “She blames me for Augie leaving. She said I was a martyr in front of the children.”
Steve leaned forward, focusing more attention on Beaver, who was in heaven with the attention. Weighing his words carefully, it was not a stance Kelly was used to him being in.
“This is my fault, too,” he said.
“Stevie…” Lee interrupted.
He took her hand in his. “It is,” he said. “I wasn’t involved in my family’s life, and now this is the consequence. The problems were coming to a head. They must feel like they’re free to do what they want…”
“Now that you’re doing what you want,” Kelly added, trying not to sound accusatory. “You made it clear you wasted your life without Lee, and they’re making sure they don’t waste theirs.”
“That terrible,” Lee said, guilt and shame flooding her, too.
“I never said that,” Steve said, but he had, in so many words.
“Will you excuse me for a minute?” Kelly said, standing. “I need a breath of fresh air.”
“We’ll leave,” Steve said.
“You don’t have to. Truly. I just need to clear my head,” Kelly replied, going to the closet for her coat. “I knew we would have to go through something somewhere down the line, and it appears that something is here.” 

Visions of her troubled children - Augie, Ken, and Lisa - swarmed through her mind in a repeated jumble. It was comparable to a nightmare from which she couldn’t awaken; the alienation of her children, especially her firstborn son. Sandy blamed her how much longer before the others came to their senses and blamed her for their problems, too? The work she put into protecting them from Steve obviously had been ineffective. It was too late. The damage had been done.
Closing her eyes, she breathed in the cold night air - in, out, in, out.
“Kelly?”
It was Titan.
“I’m coming,” she said, weary. “I wish we could wrap this up.”
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m constantly saying I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault,” she replied. “This is a mess of my own making and I don’t mean Lee and Steve sitting in the living room.”
“Why are you blaming yourself for what Steve did?” Titan asked.
“I let him get away with it,” she said. “Oh God, I’m reaping the rewards now.”
Her pride gone, she started to cry. Titan looked over his shoulder to see if anyone was looking out the window and then, not caring if they were, gathered her in his arms and held her until she calmed down.
“Look, try not to judge yourself too harshly after you’ve been jumped in the park.”
The truism made Kelly giggle. “My face hurts when I laugh so stop it, please.” 
“It’s the truth,” he said.
“We’d better get back inside. Your mother is probably watching us.”
“Your husband is standing right behind her if she is,” he said.
“Keep your distance, Titan,” she said. “You’re going to get us into trouble.”
“We’re consenting adults,” he said.
“Who haven’t done anything wrong,” she said. “But hold hands.”
“And kiss,” Titan said, squeezing her hand before he let go.
Back inside, Lee and Steve were waiting.
“Kelly Boyd, come sit,” Lee said, patting the spot next to her. “You upset because your family is sad.” 
“I’m sorry,” Kelly said, sitting down. “Everything is falling apart, as I said. I’m worried about my children. But now I’m frightened someone is trying to kill me.”
“Isn’t Ken staying here, too?” Steve asked. “Between Ken and Titan, you should be safe.”
“Where is Ken?” Lee asked.
“I’ll text him now,” Kelly answered, typing Where are you?
Within seconds, she got the return text that he’d stay at Alice’s to give them privacy.
Ken, come home, please. Daddy is here.

“Oops, summoned by Mom. Dad’s there for some reason,” Ken said, standing up.
“Take meatloaf to her,” Alice said. “Take it to all of them. I should have taken her dinner in the first place.”
“We’re used to her taking care of us, and when she needs us, we’re not even thinking about her,” Reggie said. “I feel horrible now.”
“She’s fine,” Ken said, following Alice into the kitchen. “She’s got Titan there.”
“I wonder if that’s why she wants you to come home,” Alice said. “So Dad won’t think she’s there alone with him.”
Chapter 23
Saturday morning, winter again retreated, and autumn was back, the temperature had risen enough that steam was coming off the little snow left, quickly melting it.
Lying in bed, Kelly listened to the sounds of the house. The furnace clicked off, and she could hear water dripping outside. Every bone in her body ached as she carefully sat up, pulling the curtains aside to look out. The surreal memory of what had happened in the park came back to her in the middle of the night, prompting her to repeatedly review the steps that led to her first awareness later in the hospital, Lee’s gentle touch washing her face. However, no matter how many times she went over the afternoon in her mind, she couldn’t remember more than the voice saying hit her harder.
A wave of sadness enveloped her. Not being in any condition to run that morning, and the opportunity to meet Karen for breakfast probably off the table after their argument. Longing for her old life, the routine, the happiness she found in her family rolled over her, renewing the determination to make things right.
“Plan the meal for tonight,” she said out loud. The kitchen was full of food from their trip to Eastern Market, so she didn’t even have to shop. The old joy of preparing a meal for her family returned, even with the knowledge that Lee and Steve would be at the table.
Getting out of bed, she went into her bathroom, hoping she’d have time alone that morning, the silence and solitude of Saturday coffee looked forward to. She might even find the courage to call Karen a little later and ask her to breakfast. It was dangerous to allow even a few hours of angst to separate her from her twin.
Titan’s sleeping in gave Kelly the space she needed. Gazing out the window with her first cup of coffee, the barren trees and spent gardens echoed the emptiness that lurked close by, ready to engulf her. The balancing act of giving Steve and Lee space in her life without demeaning her self-esteem would take a lot of effort, but effort she hoped would be beneficial. Although they were never friends, Steve was still important to her. It would be worth the work. 
After her first cup of coffee, she sent Karen a text. If you’re free and you don’t mind being seen with my bashed-in face, meet me at the diner at nine. Karen agreed, and for two hours, they had a heartrending talk packed with apologies and promises to do better, Kelly’s peace resumed. After that, it was easier to prepare for the day, staying positive.
At four, the family began to arrive. Karen and Anne showed up first, Karen hugging Kelly, feeling loved after their breakfast date. Kelly knew Anne’s presence at family council might change the dynamic, but it would probably be for the better; a new face might make people behave.
“Come in,” she said, holding the door open.
“Yikes, you weren’t kidding when you said she got kicked in the face,” Anne said.
“Don’t make me laugh, please,” Kelly said. “My mouth is even stiffer today. Second day onset, I think.”
“Why didn’t you cancel?” Karen asked. “Or at least ask for some help.”
“Ken and Titan helped. I need this,” Kelly said. “Probably not family council, but having everyone here for a meal will be good like it always is.”
“Thanks for including me,” Anne said. “I like Karen, and I want to know her family.”
“That’s so nice!” Kelly said, pleased that the words seemed to make Karen happy. “You might change your mind after today.”
“Hopefully, Lee will behave,” Karen said. “She’s the second wife.”
Kelly burst out laughing. “Ouch! That’s not even funny. No polygamy here. But she’s definitely the favorite wife, and her behavior improves with each gathering.”
A steady stream of family arrived, Sandy coming alone, her mother babysitting.
“I was hoping to see the children, although with my face in this condition, maybe not,” Kelly said, not hiding her disappointment.
“With what I have to say, I thought it was better to leave the kids at my mother’s house. I’ll bring them tomorrow, or you can come by my house if you’re up to it,” Sandy replied, then took a good look at Kelly’s face. “Wow, I’m really sorry about this. The cops did pick Dave up, by the way. They can’t prove the rock with his fingerprints was the rock that hit you until the DNA from the blood comes back.”
“Is he in jail?” Kelly asked, trembling.
“No, they had to let him go. There’s no proof,” she said, a touch of defensiveness in her voice.
Kelly turned back to the kitchen, frightened that Dave Marks might show up on her doorstep.
“Kelly, if it was Dave, I don’t think he’d try again. It would look a little obvious,” Sandy said, following her.
“Unless he’s successful. Unless this time he kills me,” Kelly replied, uncovering a cheese platter. “Set this out on the coffee table and tell people to eat up, please.”
Sandy let her have the last word. Within a half an hour, the children - including Augie, who didn’t bring Kate, thank God - and Lee and Steve were milling around the living room, eating fruit and cheese.
“Let’s get started,” Kelly called out. “Please come into the dining room and have a seat.”
She’d added the leaves to the table and it stretched out to seat twenty comfortably. Steve sat off to the side with Lee; Ken sat at the head when Augie told him he didn’t want to be the center of attention, although it appeared that would be out of his control.
Kelly tried not to watch what happened between Augie and Sandy, but it was difficult not to see if there was any interaction between them. When Augie put his hand on Sandy’s back as they walked to the dining room together, chatting, pleasant, the sense of Steve’s betrayal hit Kelly again. Why was this happening to her family? No matter how hard she tried to protect the children, it was inevitable that they’d suffer in some small way.
They’d wait to eat until after the meeting. She carried a large pitcher of ice water with lemons sliced in it to the table, hoping it would replace the usual jug of wine.
“Attention,” she called out, her children giggling. “What are the rules, Lisa?”
“One person speaks at a time. No name-calling. If it isn’t nice, don’t say it. Count to ten before you speak. If you have anything personal to say, say it to the person in private. This isn’t the time for airing grievances.”
“Keep your voice down,” Ken added. “Not you, Lisa.”
“Sandy called family council today,” Kelly said. “We know what she’s going to say, but it will be good to hear it from her mouth instead of the phone tree.”
“Yeah, the phone tree is becoming a problem for me,” Ken said. “Who’s calling Terry to tell her family issues? As you can see, she’s not here.”
“I called her because she’s my friend. Liz and Terry are like sisters to me,” Sandy said. “My concern with what’s happened between Augie and me is that I’ll lose that friendship, and I’ll die if that’s the case. It’s bad enough that my husband is leaving.”
“You’re always welcome here,” Kelly said. “Do you object to that, Augie?”
Uncomfortable being drawn in to the dialogue, Augie’s objections were huge. “I won’t come if it’s a problem for Sandy.”
The dull roar rose up, the siblings not happy Augie would miss family gatherings, yet guilty over the issue with Sandy.
“Your being here isn’t a problem for me,” Sandy said.
“I won’t always be alone,” he replied. “Can you tolerate that?”
“I guess we’ll just have to wait and see,” she said.
For all the smugness, Kelly noticed Sandy had gone pale. “Thanksgiving and Christmas are right around the corner,” Kelly said.
“And Tet, don’t forget,” Lee said.
“And Tet,” Kelly replied. “Three holidays to be together and test if we can handle it. Lee is here with us because Daddy loves her. I want you kids to spend special times with him, but I don’t want to be left out. So they’ll always be invited to gatherings here.”
“I think that sucks,” Sandy said.
Stunned, they turned to her, only a true outsider would have the nerve to challenge Kelly like that at her own table.
“You nasty,” Lee growled. “Disrespect Kelly Boyd. It not surprising Augie Boyd walk out on you.”
“Lee,” Steve said, shaking his head.
“I’m sorry, but no one else say it,” Lee said, becoming the voice of truth for the family.
“Sandy, watch it,” Augie said, watching the red flush of her anger at Lee. “Another FC rule, no tit for tat.”
“Sandy, why does it suck?” Kelly asked. “How will you celebrate holidays at your house? Make your kids choose between parents? Make them eat two big dinners every holiday? Expect Augie to spend the holidays with you and not his girlfriend? Whether it’s right or wrong, I don’t think he’ll go along with that.”
Everyone looked at Augie when his name was mentioned, and he cringed.
“I’m just taking it day by day,” he said, leery about offering anything concrete.
“Sounds like AA,” Ken said.
“If we can’t work it out, we’ll get lawyers involved,” Sandy said.
“Why do that?” Liz asked, her anger unmistakable. “Work it out between you and Augie. It will be worth it, Sandy. You’ll see your children interact with Augie’s girlfriend. You’ll get to know who they’re with. We can still spend the holidays together. I don’t want to forfeit your friendship because of a custody issue.”
“You make it sound so easy,” Sandy said. “You have no idea.”
“Oh, is that right?” Kelly said. “I think I do. Look around the table. If memory serves, for the last twenty years, Steve has taken his plate of food to the basement to eat in front of the TV. When did you ever see him sitting here with all of us?”
“I guess we have Lee to thank for that,” Ken said, winking at Kelly.
“I guess we do,” Kelly said, sighing. “Thank you, Lee.”
Having the common sense not to respond sarcastically for a change, Lee nodded at Kelly.
“Before things get too heavy, we have an announcement to make!” Maxine said, everyone turning to her eagerly.
“Hurry up,” Karen said. “You’re making me crazy.”
“Alice and I are going to start our family with Reggie’s help!”
“Oh, Lord Jesus,” Ben said, sitting back in his chair with a plop. “Can we have a normal conversation in this house that doesn’t involve weirdness?”
“What’s weird?” Alice asked. “This way, I’ll be the baby’s aunt. It will make a difference if anything happens to Maxine before the adoption is finalized.”
“What adoption?” Karen asked.
“I’ll have to adopt the baby,” Alice replied. “It’ll be Reggie and Maxine’s kid. Reggie will have to relinquish his rights unless our state gets real modern and allows three legal parents. He and Belinda want to be involved in the child’s upbringing, and that’s important to us.”
“I thought you two just started dating,” Steve asked Reggie.
“Not just,” Reggie said. “She’s been on my radar for a couple of years. We’re just getting serious now. As a matter of fact…”
Digging into his shirt pocket, Reggie pulled out a small ring box and then slid off his chair onto one knee in front of Belinda. “Will you marry me?”
“Of course,” she said, beaming.
“Is the ring for her nose?” Lee whispered.
Cheers and clapping erupted. Finally, Reggie seemed to be on the path to getting a life. A wife, a baby with Maxine and Alice, the possibilities seemed endless.
“I feel like I’m the only loser in the group,” Lisa said, bowing her head and giving into a torrent of weeping.
Lee sprang up, reaching her before Ben and Kelly could move.
“You not a loser!” she cried. “I hate that word. You a late bloomer, that’s all. Stevie says you get a medal for teaching. That wonderful, Kelly Boyd’s daughter. You not a loser.”
“Absolutely, Lisa, you not, you’re not a loser,” Ben said, hugging his twin.
Making over Lisa took the edge off everyone else’s news, to Kelly’s relief. Observing, Kelly watched Belinda’s responses to what was happening around the table.
“What do you think?” she whispered, noting that Belinda seemed moved by the love everyone was giving Lisa.
“Intense!” Belinda said. “Not what I’m used to at all. My family barely speaks to each other.”
Kelly and Reggie looked at each other with raised eyebrows and began to laugh.
Chapter 24
Overnight, two feet of snow had fallen. Crazed for the possible demise of her plans for Thanksgiving due to the impassable roads, Lee texted everyone starting at eight that morning to make sure they were digging themselves out.
“Honey, it’s a little early for my family,” Steve said, sitting at the table, reading the paper.
“They answer already,” she said. “Lisa walk over now. Maxine drop Alice off on her way to work, and Ken come at ten.”
“What are you going to have them do? It sounds like they’d just get in each other’s way.”
“No, you negative,” Lee hissed. “Lisa and Alice help me bake, and Ken do the turkey fryer outside. Then you don’t have to do it.”
In the next building, a vacancy had opened up right before Thanksgiving, and Titan took it, to Kelly’s relief.
“Living under the same roof might make this too convenient,” she said, pointing between them. “We’re both lonely, so it’s natural we’d gravitate to each other.”
“It’s more than loneliness for me,” Titan said. “But I understand your logic.”
“This way, we’ll see if it’s real.”

Instead, Kelly found out that Detective Sanders was interested in her. When the DNA testing came back identifying Kelly’s blood on the rock that had Dave Marks’s fingerprints on it, a warrant for his arrest was issued, and Marty Sanders called Kelly to tell her. During the same telephone call, he asked her for coffee, and by Christmas, they were serious about each other.
“I won’t say the thing between you and the detective doesn’t hurt,” Titan said. “But I’m happy for you. And I love you.”
“I love you, too,” she said. “You’re my stepson.”
They’d discovered it was true when Titan’s DNA test came back six weeks after he spit in the test tube. He was Steve’s son.
“Now we can move on,” he said.
“Are you going to tell Steve and Lee?” Kelly asked.
“No, I don’t think so. It was never an issue for them. Steve says frequently he knew when he looked at me the first time that I was his son.”
“Yes, that was a shock,” Kelly replied, the words no longer having the power to hurt her.
“That would be difficult to recover from. I guess I’m not surprised you chose to move on,” Titan said, and it was the sadness in his voice that was difficult for Kelly to hear.
“Look, Titan,” she said, getting close to him, whispering. “I’ll love you as more than a stepson, okay? But it wouldn’t work. It’ll always be a thing with Steve and Lee and my children. The age difference, too. It matters.”
“Not to me,” he said.
“It does to me,” she replied. “Let’s just wait and see. We’re taking a break now, that’s all it is.”
***
Christmas was nice, albeit different, Steve participating as he never had before, due in part to his concern about Lee, who was having a round of chemotherapy administered. Kelly took her wig shopping as soon as Lee’s hair started to fall out.
“I don’t know why, but this the worst,” Lee said, fighting tears. “It shouldn’t mean a thing, but losing my hair upset me the most.”
“It does for most people,” Kelly said, helping her pull the wig on. “You’re not alone.”
“You don’t think I’m too vain?”
“No way! You’re just right. We love you just the way you are,” Kelly sang.
“Kelly Boyd, you too funny!”
“Look how pretty this one is,” Kelly said, smiling at Lee’s reflection, her hands on Lee’s shoulders. “Steve will like this, I bet.”
“I hope so,” Lee said, reaching up to grasp Kelly’s hand. “I get this one.”

With one shot at artificial insemination, Maxine became pregnant. For her Christmas gift, Steve made a beautiful cradle that would fit perfectly at the side of their bed in their narrow bedroom. Kelly had encouraged Steve to keep his woodshop set up at the house because there wasn’t a place for it in the apartment he shared with Lee, and while he worked on the cradle, Lee would rest on the couch with Kelly watching over her.
The family looked on in amazement as Maxine and Alice unwrapped the gift.
“I wondered why Dad insisted on measuring our bedroom,” Alice said, moved to tears that she wouldn’t shed until she was alone.
“I’m jealous!” Ben said. “Nicole needs something her grandfather handcrafted.”
“You wait and see,” Lee said, winking. “Stevie make everyone something special, even Kelly Boyd.”
Kelly’s gift from Steve was a baton of sorts, with a clip to be worn on her waistband. “If anyone attacks you again, now you have a weapon,” he said.
“I’ll look the other way,” Detective Sanders said.
“It’s for self-defense,” Steve explained, confused.
“I know, but I’ll still pretend I didn’t see it.”
So began the relationship between the boyfriend and soon-to-be ex-husband.
“Can anything go my way?” Kelly asked, jamming fistfuls of turkey stuffing into the turkey cavity. “Now they’ll be at each other’s throats.”
“Ask Marty to loosen up,” Karen said to Anne.
“I’ll do it,” Maxine replied. “He’s just being a show-off.”

Sandy didn’t attend either Thanksgiving or Christmas, which made the family sad. However, Augie had the children for both holidays, while Sandy took Christmas Eve for her holiday. Kelly kept them close by when she wasn’t busy with the meal. Lee and Steve took over when Kelly was busy, the children fascinated by Lee, who spent time teaching them Vietnamese words. Augie brought Kate, who stood off in a corner, wishing she could disappear.
Kelly couldn’t stand it any longer, and went to Kate, offering her a glass of wine. “At least come in the kitchen and keep me company,” she said. “You don’t have to say a word.”
“It’s just a little overwhelming,” she said, frowning. “Everyone’s talking at once.”
“Yep, that’s our family.”
“Not Augie,” Kate said. “He’s usually so quiet.”
Kelly peeked into the living room just as Augie held on to Ken’s ankles while he tried to do a handstand.
“Look. And they aren’t even drinking,” Kelly said, pointing.
Afterward, Karen and Anne made a point of talking with Kate so she wouldn’t feel left out.
Liz regaled Maxine with tales of pregnancy, heavily edited, while Lisa and Ben took turns on Kelly’s new treadmill, the safer alternative to running in the park. Titan hung around the kitchen, chatting with Kelly and Detective Sanders.

On Tet, the same guests crowded into Steve and Lee’s small, overheated apartment; in January, the door to the balcony left open to allow the cold air in.
“Titan isn’t really going to stay away, is he?” Steve had asked.
Traditionally, if someone had experienced a death of someone close, they weren’t supposed to visit on Tet. But they’d decided it had been long enough since Jean died that Titan wouldn’t be cursed.
“No, he be here. He don’t have far to walk,” she said, cackling.
Ken and Augie took turns manning the grill, and Kelly and Alice took over the kitchen. Sandy did come to Tet after Lee begged and cajoled her.
“You don’t want the Kitchen God to tell the Jade Emperor that you been mean to Kelly Boyd,” Lee had admonished.
The way it came about, Steve and Lee were at the store, the same one where Kelly had run into them months earlier while they bought rice. Steve looked up as a young woman examined cans of bean sprouts nearby.
“That’s my daughter-in-law,” Steve whispered.
“Which one? Augie’s wife?”
Lee didn’t wait for an answer, but hustled right over to Sandy.
“You know me, right? I’m Lee, Steve’s favorite wife,” she said. “You come to Tet this Saturday, okay?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sandy said, shocked, noticing that Lee did not look well.
“Tet Vietnamese New Year. Everything that happen on Tet make good luck for the next year, or bad luck. It up to you. You come to Tet.”
“I’ll let Augie take the children, but I don’t need to come,” Sandy replied, the schism their separation had made growing wider.
“You family,” Lee said passionately. “You come. Everyone miss you if you don’t come. ‘Where’s Sandy? Sandy no like us. I wish Sandy here.’ You come, they be happy, and you have good luck next year.”
“They don’t care if I show up or not,” Sandy said, a sob catching in her throat.
“Who say that?” Lee asked. “Kelly call you on the phone. Liz and Terry call. Everyone call Sandy but think you don’t like us.”
“I like you,” Sandy said, searching her purse for a tissue, but Lee beat her to it, dabbing under Sandy’s eyes with a tissue scented with whatever perfume Lee used, something lemony.
Bending down, Sandy embraced Lee and began to cry in earnest, Steve watched, broken- hearted and uncomfortable, wishing he could run away, wishing he could turn back time and undo all the damage he’d done.
“Okay, I’ll come to Tet,” Sandy said, sniffing. “I’m sorry. I’m mad at everyone these days.”
“That okay,” Lee said, patting her back. “It take time to get over. But don’t wait too long. Life is too short. You come to Tet.”

Sandy, Terry, and Liz sat side by side on Lee’s new couch, Sandy holding up baby Nichole so she could kick her legs. “She’s so cute! She’s getting so big. I’m so happy I showed up today.”
“I know, me too,” Liz whispered. “What’s Steve and Augie whispering about?”
“Steve is in denial about Lee,” Terry said. “It’s so sad. Everyone knows she’s dying and he just refuses to accept it.”
“I didn’t recognize her when she accosted me in the grocery store,” Sandy said. “How could I turn her down?”
“By the way, you noticed my husband and his sister left to find the gym in the next building,” Liz added. “For all the exercising those two do, you’d think they’d be in fabulous shape.”
“You have to admit, Lisa looks great. The nightly walk with Steve and Ben is really helping her,” Terry said.
Across the room, Maxine sat in the recliner with several pair of hands palpating her still flat belly.
“Fourteen weeks you may start feeling life,” she read from a book Liz had lent her. “If you’re patient, maybe you’ll get lucky. It feels like a butterfly’s wings.”
Sandy and Augie’s oldest daughter was on her knees in front of Maxine, both hands on her body, waiting patiently.
“I felt it!” she screeched. “Oh my God, Aunt Max, I felt it!”
Reggie and Belinda were there, too, Belinda’s hands rarely moving from Maxine’s belly.
“Do you regret this?” Reggie whispered. “Are you sorry now?”
“Oh, no,” Belinda said. “I have no desire to have a baby. Knowing that’s your little son or daughter, it’s just as nice. All the joy with none of the mess. What about you?”
“I’m not sure yet,” he said honestly. “I’m excited, which I didn’t think possible. I’ve never had one bit of interest in being a father. But I don’t know. I might change my mind.”
“Steve, Augie, you should feel this,” Maxine said, calling them over. “It’s so cool!”
Steve laid his hands on Maxine, joining an odd mélange of people intimately crowding around her, exclaiming in delight as the baby fluttered on demand.
“Wow! That’s incredible!” Steve said, remembering with sad regret that Kelly had tried valiantly to get him to feel their babies moving, but he never would relent. Well, he’d make up for it somehow.
“What’s going on in my living room?” Lee asked, sitting with her feet up on a stool while Kelly took direction as the kitchen help. Lee’s decline in the last few days was obvious to everyone, their sadness indescribable.
“Oh, the same old thing,” Kelly said, peeking out of the kitchen. “Our family being a family.”
“Then the Jade Emperor happy,” Lee said, smiling, her eyes closed. “We have a good year ahead of us.”
“I hope so,” Kelly replied. “A good year for all of us.”
Epilogue
“Are you okay back there?” Kelly called out, Beaver straining at the leash to keep going.
Detective Marty Sanders pedaled harder going up the slight incline of the hill. “I’m okay,” he said, out of breath. “How is it that you’re running faster than I can ride this bike?”
“That hill is torture,” she said. “You’re doing fine.”
Pointing to a ring of crocuses sprouting up around the base of a crab apple tree, its leaves just beginning to unfurl, she slowed her pace.
“It’s spring already,” she said, looking up at him, sadness unmistakable. “Time is going so fast, my head is spinning.”
Marty stopped next to Kelly, looking down at the purple and yellow just visible under leaves left from the previous year.
“We might still have snow,” he said, frowning. “I feel bad when spring flowers are covered with snow.”
Reaching for Kelly, he pulled her over, and in the circle of bicycle handle bars, embraced her. “Let’s get married,” he said, kissing her. “As soon as your divorce is final. I don’t want to wait one minute longer.”
“Okay,” she said, kissing him back. It felt so wonderful having someone who loved her and wanted her. “I’m ready.”
“Do you want to keep running?” he said. “Or do you want to hop on?”
Hoisting herself up on his handlebars, she started to laugh, feeling her rear end hanging over. “If you think it was difficult pushing this thing with only your weight on it…”
“You’re as light as a feather,” he said, getting started pedaling again with a grunt.
A horn honking scared them both, and alongside came Steve and a radiant Lee in their new Mercedes-Benz.
“Hey, Detective, aren’t you a little old to be riding a bike?” Steve asked, chuckling.
“Kelly Boyd, you look like teenaged girl sitting up there,” Lee said, stretching over Steve, purposely contradicting him. “We take Beaver with us. He look like he ready to drop.” 
Steve opened the back door of his new car and let the dog jump in back in his usual place.
“Where are you headed?” Kelly called out, trying to balance. “You should meet us for coffee.”
“We go help Alice and Maxine,” Lee said. “They want garden this summer before baby comes.”
Kelly knew that the garden was really for Steve and Lee, who were still in the apartment until Baker’s house in Chicago sold. “Help yourself to the garden tools in the garage,” Kelly called out. “There’re two of everything.”
“Thanks,” Steve said, waving. “We’ll let you get back to your ride.”
He drove off, Lee turning around in her seat, smiling and waving through the back window.
“Every time I speak with those two, I’m suspicious,” Kelly said.
“Ha!” Marty laughed out loud. “There’s no love lost between Steve and me, but Lee loves me.”
“As long as you’re in the picture, she doesn’t have to worry about me. Not that it was a concern in the first place,” Kelly said.
“Well, I think you’re amazing,” Marty said, wanting to hug her again, but afraid to let go of the bike. “I’ve never witnessed a divorcing couple up close like this, but I doubt what you and Steve are doing is the norm.”
“Steve and Lee are not my best friends,” she said. “But I’m fond of them both. And as long as they’re good to my kids, I can be nice.”
“Everyone seems to be doing well,” he said. “You can be proud.”
“I know! I’m holding my breath. Maxine only has four months to go before baby Jessica is born. Lee’s in remission, thank God. Augie’s back home with Sandy and the kids, Reggie and Belinda are getting married this June, and Ken is out of rehab. Everyone else is status quo.”
“You forgot Titan,” he said, fishing.
“Titan will be fine,” she replied. “He’s grieving. He might never get over Jean, but he’ll move on. And my sister, let’s not forget my sister.”
“Karen and Anne,” Marty said. “Now there’s a contradiction.”
“Don’t let Karen hear you say that,” Kelly said, giggling. “They think they’re perfectly matched.”
“Everyone at work loves to remind me that Anne will be my sister-in-law,” he said. “I have to be nice to her now.”
“That’s true,” Kelly replied, laughing.
“Are they meeting us for coffee?” Marty asked.
“Not today. They went to Algonac to open the summer house. Believe it or not, Anne is replacing the windows on the second floor,” Kelly said. “Talk about luck having her in the family. She said she would have been a carpenter if she didn’t get into the police academy.”
“I’m excited to see the place,” he said. “I love that part of the state.” 
“We’ll go next weekend if you can get away. Today we’re meeting Lisa and Ben and Liz and the baby. If we’re lucky, everyone will join us.”
“There’s your family,” Marty said, pumping the pedals. “Look how happy they are to see you.”
“Aww, that’s so nice,” Kelly said. “I’ve never been happier. Being together is all it takes for me.”
Putting the brakes on, Marty waited for Kelly to hop off the handlebars. “Is it?” he asked, leaning over to kiss her before he put the kickstand down.
“Yes! I can finally say I’ve achieved my childhood goals. I wanted my own home, a husband to love me, and a nice family with lots of children. Now that I have you, I have everything I’ve ever wanted.”
“Is that right?” he asked, placing his arm around her shoulders as they approached the coffee shop.
A joyful tear escaped Kelly’s left eye which she quickly brushed away.
“Absolutely,” she said, watching her family smiling. “It just took a little longer.”
The End
I hope you enjoyed The Jade Emperor!


Subscribe to my email list at Http://suzannejenkins.com to received periodic Free stories. 

You may follow me on social media too!  Be the first to hear about free gifts and new releases. 
Facebook
Twitter
Bookbub

Please consider leaving a review. Xo
Be sure to subscribe to my email list at Https://suzannejenkins.com to received periodic Free
stories.
Pam of Babylon Series
#1 Pam of Babylon  Always FREE!
The rest of the  Pam of Babylon Series, including 23 novels and 7 novellas and short stories.

Girls in the City Series
Four Girls and a Guy: Prequel to Girls in the City
Girls in the City: Alison
Girls in the City - Joan
Girls in the City - Laura
Girls in the City - Samantha
Girls in the City – Zoe
Hot Hunks – My Everyday Hero - Eddie
***
Cypress Cove
Sweet but steamy romances set in the Louisiana Bayou.
Bayou Cottage
Bayou Christmas
Bayou Mardi Gras
Bayou Baby
***
Bittersweets
Sweet and steamy romances set in Philadelphia.
Terry Loves Alex  always FREE
Brenda Loves Larry
Oscar and Lisa
The Bride Wore Leather: The Sequel to Oscar and Lisa
Resisting You
Law of April
Doctor Knows Best
Christmas-Arvin&Tina
***
Don’t Miss The Witches Academy Series!
Jen Talty - The New Order
Natalie Ann - Passionate Vision
Suzanne Jenkins - Secret Royalty
Anna Celeste Burke - Kitchen Magic
SR Mallery - Endangered Spells
Margaret A. Daly - Wickless
Tamara Ferguson – Enchantress
***
The Saints of San Diego
She’s Having a Baby
Special Delivery
Burning for the Nanny
Charlie Saint
Joey’s Christmas Miracle
(Hot Hunks Holiday Collection)
A Little Change of Plans
Marty’s Blind Date Mystery
(Hot Hunks Blind Date Collection)
Fire Ball
Wedding at Firehouse Ranch
Addicted to You
***
The Greektown/Detroit Detective Stories
The Greeks of Beaubien Street  is the First book in The Greektown Stories.

The Donut Shop Murder  A prequel to the series. Four days before Thanksgiving, the dead body of a paralegal is found dumped on a residential street in Midtown Detroit.

The Princess of Greektown  Jill investigates the messiest crime of her career, while her family suffers a loss that changes the way life will be lived in Greektown.

Christmas in Greektown  As Christmastime approaches, the family prepares for another get-together in Greektown.

A Greektown Wedding  After Christmas was over, the family could finally focus on other things, like love!

Apollo’s Other Daughter Gaia Parnassus reads palms in back of her father's Greektown pizzeria, when a chance encounter with Detroit Homicide Detective Joe Young guides Gaia to help solve a murder he’s investigating, and to romance.

***
Boxed Sets

Hot Hunks
Irresistible Boxed Sets
Invincible Boxed Sets
Sweet and Sassy Boxed Sets
She’ll Remember Boxed Sets
Unforgettable Boxed Sets

***

The Burn District Science Fiction Series

Burn District: The Short Story Prequel  A neighbor warns Laura and Mike that their town is next as the destruction moves inland.

Burn District 1  The family flees to Steve Hayward’s ranch in the desert at the Mexican Border, outside of Yuma, Arizona to build an encampment.

Burn District 2  After the New Year, Jenna Hayward regretfully accepted that she had waited too long to leave Jacksonville for her father’s Arizona ranch.

***
Stronger - Karen Calder’s FBI ex Michael puts a mobster behind bars and no one in his family is safe. Will she be able to forgive him when his job threatens her life?

Perfect for Him  . Perfect for Him is a tale of two lovers whose lifetime romance sustains them, as an unwanted ending looms in the near future.

Alice’s Summertime Adventure
We meet Alice Bradshaw when she is at a crossroad.

Someone Like You
Life gets in the way as upstate NY sisters, Marley and Abigail cling to each other and their young children.


Slow Dancing After midnight, a mysterious stranger appears at the edge of the woods and the peaceful life fifteen-year-old Ellen Fisher has with her beloved stepfather Frank is turned upside down.

The Liberation of Ravenna Morton Captures the small-town dynamic of a family’s private secrets being exposed to the world.

Ravenna’s Dream  As Christmas approaches, family discord upsets Ravenna Morton’s plans for the usual holiday gathering at her cabin on the Kalamazoo River

Friends to Lovers Gorgeous Pipi Wiener’s family changes forever when their dad is tragically killed in the Vietnam War.

Mend Me Mend My Heart A sweet, clean story. Charlotte Baker, a thirty something widow raising two children, is holding on to the memory of her late husband, Steve. The idea of dating again has never crossed her mind, until she takes a fall at the cemetery where Steve is buried which brings the handsome caretaker to her rescue.





