The Prince of Zammar
part one - six
The Complete Serial


By Samantha Nolan



(All characters depicted herein are consenting adults.)


Published by Nault-Findley, LLC
Copyright 2013 Samantha Nolan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. The persons, places, things, and otherwise animate or inanimate objects mentioned in this novel are figments of the authors’ imagination. Any resemblance to anything or anyone living (or dead) is unintentional.

This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America and Canada. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART ONE: INTO THE FIRE
PART TWO: SLOW BURN
PART THREE: SMOLDERING
PART FOUR: RISING HEAT
PART FIVE: UP IN FLAMES
PART SIX: FROM THE ASHES

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
CONTACT US
ABOUT THE AUTHORS

INTO THE FIRE: 
ONE

The rough iron of the shackles bit into Sadie’s wrists as she walked to the center of the square. The merciless noon sun beat down on her head and shoulders, and she could feel sweat making its way between her shoulderblades. Her clothes were torn and ratty from her stay in the city’s prison, and her hair felt like a bird’s nest on top of her head. She gulped and licked dry, cracked lips, trying to not acknowledge the structure looming in front of her. Her voice had long ago grown hoarse and scratchy from too much crying, and her face itched from those now dried tears. 
Another piece of rotten fruit, thrown at her from the crowd, struck the side of her face. It splattered her hair and neck with its sticky insides, and she gritted her teeth. It would be over soon. All around her, the crowd screamed for her death. Amongst the accusations she could make out, the most frequent ones were of “witch” and “djinn”. It made no sense to her. They used to gladly ask for her assistance to heal their injuries with her skills. What was so different about her magic now? 
A hand pushed her in the back and she stumbled on the first step of the scaffold leading to the executioner’s block.
“Up, witch,” the official overseeing her death spat.
On legs that trembled in fear and exertion, she made her way up the steps, grumbling, “No need to push. You’ll have my head soon enough.”
Of course, at this point it was futile to resist, and no amount of attitude would buy Sadie any more time. Ancestor spirits protect my soul.
The official pushed down on her shoulder, forcing her to kneel in the middle of the raised platform. A burly guard took his place behind her, and knocked her forward across the block. He slid her into position and kept her bowing down with one hand pressed in the middle of her back. When the executioner stepped onto the scaffolding, the crowd went wild with excitement. Really? Was the prospect of her death that enticing? Sadie wondered how long they would keep her pinned before the ax sealed her fate.
She wondered why the guard did not fasten her shackles to the platform. The iron ring bolted next to her bound hands would provide an easy way to keep her restrained, thus freeing the guard standing behind her from his duty of holding her down. The thought only distracted her for a second, and try as she might, Sadie could not suppress the sick anticipation. With each passing moment her heart rate increased and she started hyperventilating. At this rate, she would pass out before they did the deed.  

***

Jalen had business to attend to back at the palace, and his trip to the town square for the execution was folly. But when he’d overheard one of his soldiers telling a comrade about a young woman’s capture and her impending execution, he had decided to investigate it himself. 
He didn’t hold any hope of the rumors being true. They had to be pure fantasy. A magical healer still alive in the city? Impossible. His men had already looked everywhere for one to no avail. He discounted the soldier’s claims. All the magical healers were dead. 
Yet he had gone to see for himself the red-headed prisoner from his father’s jail.
Now that he stood in sight of the scaffold and could catch a glimpse of her, he decided his idea had been the right one after all. The woman was stunning despite the grime caking her skin, hair, and garments. Her red hair glinted in the bright sunlight, curling around her head like a crown of glorious fire. He wonder how it would feel to run his hands through it. 
He watched as she approached the scaffold with her head held high, her determination clear in spite of the taunts from the crowd. She resisted her fate with a quiet dignity that appealed to him. She shed no tears, proffered no useless wailing, no pleading for her case. Defiance burned in her stance, in each of her graceful moves as she complied with the officials presiding over her execution.
It wasn’t until the ax hovered in the air that Jalen knew he would intervene. On the upswing of the executioner’s blade, he approached the platform, taking everyone there by surprise.
“Stop!” he ordered. He exerted only enough mental pressure to subdue the executioner. He didn’t want the man to kill his prize.
Prize?
Yes, a prize—a distraction from the madness that now stole his nights. He strode forward through the crowd, stilling them as he passed. He knew he would regret his use of power later in the day, but would deal with that when it came.

***

Sadie heard a deep voice boom across the square, bringing everyone to a standstill. The hand pressing Sadie down to the execution block eased, and she managed to raise her head.
His highly polished black boots were the first thing her eyes focused on. Slowly, as the pressure on her back eased further, her gaze traveled up sandy-colored, fine linen pants and a deep burgundy silk tunic decorated with gold embroideries and trimmed with the crests of a general. Her inspection stopped at the man’s face, and she gaped at the sight.
If the richness of his clothes hadn’t already betrayed his identity, the mask of midnight silk that covered half his face would have. The man who had halted the executioner was none other than Prince Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri, heir to the throne of Zammar. 
The stories hailed him as a feared warrior and acclaimed general, although he was young for such accolades. It was said, that in the last war, he’d received a deep and festering wound in battle, and this was the reason behind his mask. It was also said that he was too proud and vain to show the scars to the world. It didn’t make sense to her. Soldiers should be proud of their battle scars. Shouldn’t they? 
Sadie’s gaze finally met his, and eyes of onyx bore into hers through the eyeholes of the mask. They seemed to see right into her soul, leaving none of her secrets undiscovered. Most startling to Sadie, his gaze held no contempt for her, only what seemed to be slight interest. His attitude ran contrary to that of the overly excited crowd, who had been throwing discarded food and cheering for her death.
“Come to see me die, my prince?” Sadie said, her throat hurting from the effort of saying even a few words. It was too hard to keep her bitterness from her tone, and she didn’t even try. It served nothing to be polite to the prince; it’s not like he would help her. Even her address was the wrong one and she knew it. No commoner in their right mind would dare call him anything but “his highness”.
She wasn’t surprised when he didn’t respond.
Sadie looked around her, curious why no one else said anything about her transgression either. Since the prince’s arrival, the square had been utterly silent. No one talked. Nothing moved or rustled. Not a single person looked their way. Everyone’s eyes were downcast and averted, and most in the crowd were bowing their heads. When she chanced a glance at the official and executioner behind her, she saw the same evasion, deference, and fear. Sadie wondered if his own soldiers did the same thing in his presence. That certainly would add a level of difficulty to their military maneuvers. The sheer absurdity of the thought made her want to laugh, and she bit her lower lip to keep quiet.
She went back to surveying the square. The crowd’s stillness was making her ill at ease. They didn’t even appear to be breathing, although she knew it was impossible. It felt unnatural. Did the prince have some magical abilities? Sadie didn’t remember any rumors or stories indicating he did, but maybe it was only his presence that caused the hush. Still, she had never seen the square so quiet, even at night. 
Sadie couldn’t stand the preternatural stillness any longer. “You could have them let me go,” she said, not expecting anything to come of it, but needing to try anyway.
“Hmm,” he replied, a wry smile twitching the corners of his sensuous mouth. For an instant, Sadie was spellbound by them. The man had lips made for sin. 
His smile disappeared as fast as it had appeared. Once more grim and imposing, he asked, “Why are you here?”
Sadie straightened up and looked at him in defiance. She thought about lying, but rejected it. It wouldn’t help her now. “They say I killed a man.”
“Did you?” He sounded only mildly curious.
She had no answer for him. The man they had accused her of killing had obviously died or she wouldn’t be here, but he had been alive and hot in pursuit as she made her escape. He’d been bent on catching her and “giving her a lesson she wouldn’t soon forget” in spite of her attempt to protect herself. 
She was sure she saw a flicker of something—be it interest or suspicion—flash in Prince Jalen’s eyes, causing her to finally avert her gaze. As a mere commoner, looking the prince in the eyes was an offense in itself, but staring him down could land her in a dank gaol, if not worse. But then, as she was about to die and she’d just come from the kingdom’s gaol, she could afford the luxury of not caring about protocol. 
Sadie even toyed with the idea of using his name. She smiled at the thought of his shocked response, but her expression cooled quickly when her mind processed the brazen thought. He seemed to be letting her get away with breaking some rules. Sadie decided to not press the issue with another.
Defiant, she raised her head again and forced herself to watch him despite a lifetime of being told to respect and fear the royal family. 
“Well?” Prince Jalen asked again, his tone demanding an answer. 
Sadie started, and then blinked. She had been so taken by her own thoughts, she had completely forgotten his original question. 
“I’m sorry, what did you ask me?” She was certain her question would anger him, especially without the honorific, but she didn’t care. What more could he do to her? Kill her a second time? She stifled a snort.
He might be of royal descent, but Prince Jalen was just a man. And she was a condemned healer. Her death was imminent and he held no power over her. This epiphany freed her of any remaining fear or awe she felt toward him.
“I asked you,” he repeated in a clipped voice, “if you killed the man as they claim.”
“He was still alive when I fled. If I killed him, then it was purely to save myself. Although, I don’t know how I could have done it.”
If Prince Jalen seemed surprised by her incertitude, he didn’t show it. Instead, in an almost thoughtful way, he asked, “And yet, he is dead now, is he not?”
“That’s what they tell me.”
This conversation was surreal. What did he want with her? She continued to stare at what little she could see of his face. His black hair—cut short in a military style and yet threatening to curl around his forehead and temples—somehow fit the sharp planes of his face. It gave him an expression that was too severe to be considered beautiful, but Sadie decided she preferred it that way. Then, she wondered why she even contemplated his physical appearance in a time like this. Her stay in the city gaol must have scrambled her mind.
From behind the mask, his dark eyes burned into hers, and she blushed, wondering if he knew what she’d been thinking about. Her fingers itched to move the mask away to see the rest of his face. Did his supposed scars really detract from his appearance, or did they add to his allure? 
Sadie pushed herself back to her feet. Her attempt did not produce a reaction, so she could only conclude the prince exerted some power of his own over her captors. There was no way the officers would have let her take such liberties if they were fully cognisant.
Once they stood face to face, a calculating gleam entered the prince’s eyes. “You would want your life then?”
Her heart surged with hope. Would he... really?
“You can grant it to me,” she said quickly, almost stumbling on the words. “They’ll listen to you. They wouldn’t listen to me when I said I was innocent!”
“Hmm... perhaps. What would you be willing to give up in exchange?” he asked her.
Her mind screamed at her at his question. This had to be a trap! That it was nothing but a game to him. “I don’t understand, my prince.”
“Clearly you do not wish to die—”
“Who would?” she interrupted him hotly. Her hands shook and she hid them in her dirty smock so he wouldn’t see them.
“What would you be willing to do to continue living?”
Sadie squinted at him, trying to figure out if he was only toying with her, or if there could be something to his question. “Many things, my prince,” she finally answered, “but not just anything. I value my life and my practice—what would be left of it at any rate—and your question opens too many opportunities to go down unpalatable roads.” She took a deep breath. “I won’t take another’s life, and I won’t become a thief. If that’s your plan, I’d prefer to die now. My soul would wither, and I would rather be executed—here, now—than attempt to barter my honor for a few more days of stale bread.” 
“Such lofty words for someone accused of murder.” He chuckled. “And did I hear the crowd chanting ‘kill the witch’?”
She pitched her chin forward and flipped a dirty strand of hair away from her face. She stared him straight in the eyes. “That may be, but they are what they are,” she replied. She still had her pride, even if she’d lost everything else.
“Fiery,” Prince Jalen murmured, more to himself, it seemed, than to her. “Fortunately for your honor, I don’t plan to make you an assassin or a thief. I’ve better men for this.”
“Good,” she grumbled, wondering what he had in mind for her. 
“A year,” he suddenly said, surprising her.
“A year, my prince?” 
“A year of your life at my command.”
Sadie cringed, her heart thudding in her chest. “A slave?” 
Being his slave guaranteed she’d be used for sex. It didn’t sound appealing, but the logical part of her mind argued it was better than death. Could she—for all intents and purposes—prostitute herself for her life?
He smirked. “A... welcome distraction.”
“And when the year is at an end?”
“When the season of sand passes and the season of rain comes again, you will be released. After that, you are free to do as you wish.”
Did she dare trust him? She wanted to trust that he would keep his word.
No, I can’t really be thinking about this, can I? That way led to madness. But she was considering it. What other choice did she have? If she refused, the only thing left to her would be the executioner’s sword. A year was a long time. Would she survive whole or end up battered and broken, a former shell of herself? She tried to recall any rumors of cruelty, and recalled none. But did anyone really know? He could be any or all of those things and his soldiers wouldn’t breath a word of it. It was a gamble, but what did she have to lose at that point?
“A... year,” she faltered.
“Yes.”
“I accept.” Her words were barely audible, even to her own ears.
“Good. Let’s get you cleaned up then. Your smell would curdle milk.”
The prince snapped his fingers, summoning an attendant she hadn’t noticed until then. “Take her to see Vara. She will know what to do for—” the prince paused and gave her a look. 
Sadie saw no harm in volunteering her name. “Sadie.” After all, he now owned her for a full year. 
What have I done? 
“—Sadie,” he concluded.
“It will be done,” the man replied. He sniffed in disdain and bid Sadie to follow him.  
 
TWO

“Vara, his highness has requested that his recent acquisition—” the attendant waved his hand in Sadie’s direction dismissively “—be given the customary treatment.”
The older woman, Vara, sniffed and made a disgusted face. “Where has his highness found that one? A sewer?”
Sadie gritted her teeth. She knew she didn’t smell good—and she looked even worse—but a dank and rat-infested cell was no palace. She opened her mouth to speak but Vara gave her a quelling look that stopped her dead in her tracks. 
“Quiet. Around here, the girls are seen, not heard.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Sadie mumbled, flushing in anger and shame. She would have come up with a stronger repartee, but she was exhausted and acquiescing seemed like the best decision at the moment.
“Hmph. Follow me, girl.” Vara grimaced when Sadie stepped closer. “No, no, not so close.” 
Sadie glanced at her, wary but resigned, and put a little more distance between them. 
“We’ll have to do something with that rat’s nest on your head,” Vara continued.
Sadie’s now free hands patted her locks. Her hair was a fiery red—and curly, very curly—thanks to some ancestors from the north. She liked her hair though, even if it was for the moment badly tangled, knotted, and dirty.
Vara turned to the attendant. “Did his highness give any instruction?”
“No.”
She huffed and beckoned Sadie to follow. They walked down several mostly empty servants’ hallways. Each twist and turn blended into the next, and soon Sadie became lost. How would she ever find her way around this giant place?
“Where are we going?”
“The baths. Where else?” Vara replied. “Nadia will help you tame that hair of yours.” Vara’s lips curled in distaste. “Now stop talking.”
Sadie gritted her teeth but nodded. 
After a few more twists and turns, Vara led her into a medium-sized room with two large pools of water set on each side of it. The room looked like a smaller version of the public baths down in the city. 
“Bathe in that one,” Vara ordered her, pointing in the direction of the smallest of the two pools. Then she indicated the larger one. “Be absolutely sure you’re clean and free of—” she curled her lips and waved her hand “—everything before you soak in this one.”
Before Sadie responded, Vara turned and left the room. Sadie glanced around and confirmed she was alone before stripping out of the dirty rags that her clothes had turned into since her imprisonment. Her fingers attacked the ties and buttons holding the garments together, and she finally managed to peel it from her body. She hoped to never see it again, but she didn’t know what kind of clothes, if any, she would allowed to wear while in the palace. What if he made her walk around naked? The thought sent her to shaking again and she had to sit down on the rough stone that served as tile in the room. Through sheer force of will, she made herself to calm down. She was alive; it was all that mattered. And in a year she would be free. 
She had to. Anything less was too horrible to contemplate.
Sadie held onto that thought as she slipped into the pool of clear water. It was warm, surprisingly so, as she wouldn’t have expected the servant baths to be heated. Afraid to be interrupted at any moment, she washed the grime off her skin as quickly as possible using the soap she found at the edge of the bath. She was eager to be free of the days of filth and dust ground into her skin. Once she was reasonably pleased with the result—her skin glowed red from the vigorous scrubbing—she dipped her head and tried to clean her hair. 
As expected, her bathing was soon interrupted. The sound of the door creaking open made Sadie jump, and she sank lower in the water in an attempt to cover her nudity. Only then did she turn towards the newcomer. A young girl of maybe sixteen acknowledged her without a word and walked inside the room. 
Sadie wondered if this was Nadia, here to help her with her hair. If she was, Sadie anticipated a problem. The girl held a pair of scissors in her right hand, and stared at Sadie’s hair with a mix of fascination and horror.
“Are you Nadia?” Sadie asked when the girl made no attempt to introduce herself.
Nadia nodded, still silent. It had been no jest. Girls around here really didn’t make themselves heard.
“And, uh... what do you think you’re doing with those scissors?”
“Mistress Vara told me to make sure your hair was cut short and free of lice,” Nadia finally answered, barely above a whisper.
“I just need a brush and fine-toothed comb for that!” Sadie protested.
“Mistress Vara said no servant of hers will show such djinn hair around his highness.”
Nadia made her way toward Sadie in a decisive manner. Despite being several years younger than Sadie herself, Nadia was tall and muscled from seasons of manual labor. In her current state, Sadie assumed she wouldn’t be able to fight her off if it came to a physical altercation. Her magic could protect her. But then, if she incapacitated a servant for something as innocent as a haircut, what would the prince and his people do to her?
Still, she retreated to the other side of the washing pool, raising both hands in a useless attempt to defend herself.
“Please,” Nadia said more forcefully. “I can’t let you leave the bathhouse looking this way.”
Sadie shook her head. As childish and idiotic as it might be, she didn’t want Nadia touching her hair. She’d lost enough already.
Nadia’s tone was bordering on angry when she repeated, “Mistress Vara gave me the order—”
Just as Sadie was trying to figure out how to convince Nadia to leave her alone, the door to the room slammed open. Nadia started, then quickly dropped into a deep curtsy as Prince Jalen strode into the room. 
Sadie’s eyes widened in alarm at his fast-approaching figure. She covered herself with her hands and dipped down into the water while Nadia backed away to the farthest corner of the room. Prince Jalen walked to the edge of the washing bath and looked straight down at her. 
“Out,” he commanded her.
Cheeks burning, Sadie sank farther into the water, her eyes darting right and left in search of a towel of some sort. She saw nothing within reach to cover herself. She looked to Nadia, but the servant’s eyes were downcast and she was visibly shaking. She would be no help. 
Reluctantly, Sadie looked back to the prince where he stood at the edge of the bath. Her eyes traveled up the same sand-colored linen pants he had been wearing in the square. She lingered too long around the groin, before she realized what she was doing and jerked her eyes up to his face. Behind the silk mask, his eyes appeared to be deep pools of darkness. They revealed nothing of his thoughts. Sadie suppressed the shiver that threatened to crawl up her back.
Out of ideas, she finally nodded, swallowing hard to control her fear and embarrassment. The longer she waited, the colder his gaze became. She made her way toward the edge of the pool, where the stairs in and out were located. She stayed tucked into the water for as long as possible, but it felt like his gaze could see everything nonetheless. It was as if the water did not exist. 
She stopped at the bottom of the stairs, afraid to move forward and positive she couldn’t move back without some form of punishment.
The prince stepped away from the edge of the pool, giving her some space and waiting for her to emerge. Just one year, she chanted to herself. She could do this. It was just a body after all. He had to have seen plenty of women before. No reason to hide, she coached herself, trying to calm her rapidly beating heart. 
His voice was distant and cool when he spoke again. “Out.”
There was nothing left for her to do, no way for her to delay the inevitable anymore. She stood, holding her hands close to her body to preserve at least some modesty, and ascended the stairs out of the pool. 
She stood on the top step, dripping water on the floor. The evaporation made goosebumps appear on her arms and legs, a stark contrast to the blush that made her face burn with heat.
“Step forward,” he commanded.
A small sigh escaped her lips when he didn’t demand that she remove her hands, which covered her most private areas. Her relief was short-lived, however, for as soon as she stepped away from the edge of the pool, he started a slow circuit around her.
She had never felt so much like a piece of merchandise than she did at that moment. She didn’t like that sensation one bit. Irked, she quipped, "Like what you see?"
"Of what is visible, yes," he replied, not seeming to mind her lack of respect. 
Did nothing ever raise his ire, she wondered.
He came to a halt behind her and she became intensely aware of his physical presence even though she couldn’t see him. She started turning, but a sharp command stopped her.
“Don’t move.”
Sadie froze, hesitating between obeying him and turning around anyway. In the end, only the fact that she was naked and at his mercy stopped her from disregarding the command.
The next instant, two of his fingers glided over the skin of her back and she tensed in uncertainty.
Didn’t he realize that servant girl was still in the room? Didn’t he care they were watched? Sadie felt more blood rush to her cheeks in embarrassment, and she had to force herself not to step away. She didn’t want to provoke him into doing anything more. 
He pushed aside the curls of hair clinging to her wet skin and she sensed him taking one step forward. Her breath hitched in her throat and she felt strangely jittery at having him so close. Fear and anticipation stormed her senses, creating a heady combination, and her knees grew weak. She hoped she lived up to his inspection though she felt like a hunk of meat hanging at the butcher’s stall. 
Have I truly lost my mind?
Leaving her hair, his hand travelled down the length of her spine towards her buttocks. His touch, as soft as a newborn sandcat, raised goosebumps on her flesh as it went. All of her senses trained on that single touch, raising her awareness of the man standing behind her to an almost painful degree. His breath tickled her left ear, and she didn’t dare move. 
Finally, he stepped away from her again. The loss of his touch somehow left Sadie bereft. He resumed his circling, and she crossed her arms more tightly around herself.
His slow inspection finished, Prince Jalen stopped in front of her. Silence stretched between them as each looked the other in the eyes. Sadie marvelled that he had yet to strike her for her brazenness. She knew the law and knew she would have deserved it, and yet he let her do it. It seemed to amuse him, even. Part of her wanted to know how far she could push him.
Eventually, he spoke.  "Have you dined yet?"
The question was so unexpected it took Sadie completely by surprise. "No," she replied, her stomach growling as if on command. She hadn’t had a complete meal since being thrown in a cell a week ago. 
"Good," he said. "You will dine in my quarters tonight." 
He turned to Nadia, who was still cowering in a corner. "Inform the cook that I will have company. Then you will instruct Vara to prepare the guest chamber for my guest. She is not to be treated as a servant. Is that understood?" 
"Yes, your highness," the girl replied.
“Once this is done, return here promptly to escort my guest to her new quarters. You will assist her in dressing for our meal.”
Nadia curtsied again without a word before hastily retreating from the room. 

***

Jalen turned to Sadie, his mouth twisting down in disgust. The servant girl had been prepared to cut off all of Sadie’s glorious hair. That wouldn’t do. But now that he’d sent her on her way, he didn’t worry overmuch. From now on, the palace staff would attend to his new prize in the proper manner.
Anger had bloomed in his mind like a poisonous flower when, upon his return to the palace, he had learned Sadie had been sent to the servants’ quarters. He had made certain to quelch his rage and draw on his—formidable—self-control before he summoned Vara, his former nursemaid. The beast inside would have loved to lash out at the infraction, but he had reined it in. A quelling look had been enough to make himself clear. She had pointed him to Sadie’s location in the servants’ bathing room, and Jalen stormed off to find his new toy. 
He studied Sadie’s reactions as she stood naked in front of him, still dripping water on the floor. 
She was as before a mixture of impropriety and deference. Clearly, their arrangement didn’t sit well with her—her mental struggle to comply when ordered was written all over her expression—but with a little prodding, she still acted on his commands. He decided to allow her the liberties she was silently demanding. It would be interesting to see where she placed her resistance. He looked forward to butting heads with her; he’d had enough of the doormats he usually interacted with, interested only in his power or his seed.
Jalen also looked forward to her response in the bedroom—would she demonstrate the same fire there as she was now in standing up to him? He planned on teaching her slowly. Eventually, he would build to where she would beg to be dominated by him. Alas, that would not be today. Her body language screamed of fear, and he’d yet to take a woman to bed who feared him. His beast would like that too much.
He still controlled the beast.
Jalen wanted to order Sadie to remove her hands, but instead of causing her more distress, he turned on his heels and left the bathing room. There would be time for it later, once she knew what he expected of her and accepted it.
Sadie might be more receptive after a full meal, Jalen thought as he strode away to his quarters. He would dine before she arrived.

***

Nadia stood behind Sadie, pulling a comb through her curls to remove the final few knots. Sadie gritted her teeth against the pain, but underwent the treatment without complaint.
Nadia gave her hair a final pat, and pulled it back into a tight braid that only left a few curls to fall around her face. After securing the ends, the young servant stepped back and spoke. “Miss—” Nadia hesitated.
Sadie knew nothing about palace protocol but could guess at the reason for Nadia’s hesitation. Less than an hour ago, Sadie had been dumped on their doorstep by an attendant, with no formal instruction by the prince on what to do with her. By rights, Vara had treated her the way any scruffy, vagrant, rescued woman should be treated: as a low-ranked servant. But Prince Jalen had trumped that assumption, and the now confused staff didn’t know where to place her in their carefully constructed household hierarchy. 
Sadie turned her head to glance at Nadia. “I’m not sure of my standing in the palace either. For now, just call me Sadie, yes?”
Nadia nodded. “Follow me to your room.”
The halls they traveled started out narrow and plain but quickly grew in size and opulence. The royal quarters? They definitely weren’t in the servants’ back rooms anymore. 
As they walked, Sadie had time to reflect on her recent experience with Prince Jalen. To her surprise, he’d done nothing, even when it was within his rights to demand immediate compliance. To be brutally honest with herself, she’d feared the worst. 
Finally Nadia stopped in front of a pair of sandalwood doors, intricately carved with what looked like flowered vines. All of the flowers’ petals shimmered with a golden sheen, and colored stones shone from their centers. It wouldn’t have surprised Sadie to learn both the gold and gemstones were genuine. 
Nadia made no move to open the door, and instead turned to Sadie. “Your room, Miss Sadie. Someone will be by momentarily to escort you to his highness' chambers.”
Sadie nodded and thanked the girl, before turning the handle herself and pulling the door open. 
As she expected, the room was large—larger than her entire home on the edge of the city—and ornately decorated. A large latticed window on the far wall lit the room with golden, evening sunshine. The floor was tiled in multi-colored mosaics and covered in thick rugs. A low wood table, used for eating, sat near the wall with seating cushions arranged around it. In one corner, next to a modest fireplace, a traditional bed platform had been prepared for her. The bedding looked like silk and the mattress was adorned with additional cushions. All in all, it was grander and more beautiful than anything she’d ever seen, and matched her expectations of how a royal palace should look. 
Sadie’s stomach growled loudly. 
With a sigh, she walked towards the window and gazed out. It was a half-hearted attempt to distract herself while she waited for someone to lead her to the prince’s rooms. Her view consisted of a courtyard, decorated with fountains and reflection pools shaded by palms and other exotic trees. She wondered how hard the gardeners had to work to convince the greenery into thriving in Zammar’s harsh climate. Their success was a testament to the money and power of the royal family. It was a magnificent sight. 
The door to her room clicked open, and a male voice broke the silence. “His highness will see you now. Please follow me.”
Sadie squared her shoulders and turned to follow the speaker.
The attendant from earlier stepped back out through her door and waited for her to follow. He preceded her down the halls towards Prince Jalen’s quarters. Sadie couldn’t help but notice how close her rooms were to the prince’s. She had not even had the time to become nervous before the attendant knocked on the prince’s door.
Without waiting for an answer, the attendant pulled open the door and indicated she should enter.
Sadie walked inside and looked around. She’d entered what was clearly some sort of anteroom, about the size of her guest room and furnished with a few seating cushions and candelabras. Two guards stood on each side of the door she had just stepped through and more guards flanked a door on the other side of the room, across from her. One of the men opened the door opposite her, and waited. Although she could see only a small portion of the space beyond, it looked like the prince’s sleeping quarters. 
She swallowed hard. Her nerves ratcheted up, which left her nauseous. Her palms were slick with sweat, and she hid them behind her back. She desperately wished for a privy, as her bladder now insisted it was full. A minute passed and still she stood there, wracked with doubts and fear, and unable to move. 
 
THREE

Jalen sighed to himself. What, in his ancestors’ names, was she waiting for? A formal invitation? He made sure to color his tone with his impatience when he ordered, “Enter.” 
He sat on one of the cushions next to the table, with his back to the wall and his face in the shadows. Jalen’s view of the anteroom was more encompassing than Sadie’s was from where she stood. He also had an excellent view of Marek, one of the two elite guards standing at his door, and what he saw angered him.
Marek was eyeing Sadie with obvious lust. This could become a problem, Jalen thought with a frown. Jalen knew Marek had no compunction about how he sated his appetites with whichever woman caught his eye. 
He would order Kadar to remove Marek from Sadie’s guard rotation. After seeing this, Jalen did not trust Marek to keep her safe. 
His gaze drifted back to Sadie. She’d noticed Marek’s leer and stood frozen in place. 
With his patience wearing thin, Jalen almost barked at her to come to his side, but he restrained himself when he saw her take those first tentative steps in his direction. Concern trickled into his mind as he became aware of his own agitation. He analyzed his body’s and mind’s reactions. Was an episode growing? Showing Sadie his more unstable nature would not help win her trust. 
The beast was there as always, coiled and ready to take over, but he still had some time. Time enough to enjoy her company for a while. 
Besides, she was at the threshold now, searching for him. She looked him up and down in in a completely shameless once-over, and he felt his lips twitch. Her continued nose-thumbing at palace protocol amused him. When Sadie’s gaze lingered on his bare chest, he smiled. He almost laughed out loud when she realized she had been staring and jerked her eyes away. Other than her inspection, she did not react to his presence. 
“Come. Sit and eat,” he spoke out when she did not move further into the room. 
His command elicited a bow from Marek in the vestibule, and Sadie had no choice but to take a step forward when the door bumped her and clicked shut. With a squaring of her shoulders, she strode across the floor towards the table.
Jalen knew the delicacies on display would tempt the coldest of hearts, and after a week’s stay in the city’s gaol, Sadie had to be famished. A full belly and some rich sweet coffee should put her at ease, he thought 
She knelt at his table, her eyes wide as she stared at all the food offered to her. Without waiting for his permission, she reached out and plucked some roasted lamb with her fingers. Did she even chew that first bite? He thought about delaying her gratification and stopping her with a reprimand, but when she opened her mouth and her tongue flicked out to snag another tasty morsel from her fingertips, all thoughts of chastisement fled his mind. Her look of bliss at the bite bordered on erotic. 
Jalen’s eyes tracked the progress of her next piece of lamb as it traveled to her lips. The way she licked her fingers before finding the cloth for her hands made him imagine her tongue swirling around his cock instead. He felt himself growing hard.
Her eyes again locked with his, and he read in them her uncertainty. He indicated with a wave of his hand that she should continue to eat her dinner. He liked her enthusiasm, although her manners were atrocious. He had to admit that, in spite of it all, this meal was the best Jalen ever had the pleasure to host. 
As the meal progressed, he let her see the desire that was growing inside him, and was rewarded when he saw her swallow self-consciously. His other senses told him her body also answered to his proximity. 
Finally he broke the silence. “There will be rules while you are here,” he said, still watching her reactions. 
She blinked at him in surprise, and her gaze grew shuttered. He could see she was trying to formulate a response. “Yes, my prince?” She finally choked out.
“Although you are my guest, I have to request that you do not leave this wing of the palace.” The last person in the world he wanted his fiery prize to meet was his father—or the new queen. The king rarely came to his chambers and the queen never did, so Jalen felt confident his most trusted guards would keep her safe. “You will be escorted by one of my personal guards at all times when you are out of your room. If you are looking for the gardens or some other form of entertainment, then you may ask and someone will guide you.”
Her eyes widened with surprise when he continued, his voice hard, “You will not enter my quarters unannounced.” 
“I wouldn’t dare,” she breathed. 
She would dare, it’s as certain as the sun coming up in the morning, he acknowledged with an internal sigh. She was too curious, too remiss in following the rules not to. Which is why it was preferable for her boundaries to be clear from the start.
He had one more rule to impart her before he moved to a more... stimulating subject. “This mask I wear does not come off. Ever. Do not attempt to remove it or I will have you executed. Understood?”
She nodded vigorously, her eyes huge with fear, and squeaked, “Yes.”  
“Good,” he replied, satisfied his threat would be enough to keep her curiosity at bay. “As for your position here, you are to be my guest and will be afforded all the palace’s many luxuries. You will not have to live in the oholibah’s wing.” Beautiful and accomplished though they may be, the palace oholibahs—Zammar’s prized courtesans—were experts in underhanded politics and backstabbing, each one out to gain the best advantage against the others. He didn’t want Sadie to have to deal with them. She wouldn’t be in the palace long enough to make it worth her while.
Jalen waited for Sadie to nod her understanding, which she did with a gulp. He savored his next words for a moment before he went on. “But,” he stressed, “your duties to me will not be dissimilar.” He waited again to see how she would react.  
She stared at him a long moment, not speaking. He expected fear, and there was some of that in her gaze, but there was also acceptance and determination. She already knew what he expected of her, he thought. This wasn’t coming to her as a surprise. And she wasn’t about to wail and plead. Good. He did not want her crying and begging. He wanted her panting and moaning.
Soon, hopefully.
“I... yes, I understand,” she finally said, and he heard the struggle for calm in her voice.
“First, I will not hurt you,” he told her. Then, he smiled, even though he knew she would not see it. Unless you beg for it. And you will, he thought. “I have no need for force, I assure you. You will come willingly to me whenever I call for you.”
He caught the barest of nods from her. Then, she flashed him a smile. Bold. Sassy. A challenge. “A tall order, my prince,” she said, not quite meeting his eyes.
That was the little firebrand he was coming to expect. 
“One I am quite confident I can fulfill,” he answered her with a smirk of his own. His words were rewarded by a small but noticeable shiver from her. 
“I will use whatever I see fit for our pleasure,” Jalen let his eyes color with lust as he said the next few words, fully intent on their shock value. “Your mouth, your breasts, your cunt—” he paused to build suspense, “—your ass are mine from now on.” He slowly sat forward, and leaned in towards her over the table. She tensed a little when he brushed his lips against her temple, breathing the next words in her ear. “Tied and blindfolded, perhaps. You would look lovely displayed on my bed.”
He grinned wickedly when her breath hitched. So she might like that. Sadie was proving even more delightful than he had anticipated. “Whatever I choose to do to you, I promise you will like it.” 
He let his eyes travel down her form, taking in a hint of her nipples peeking through the thin cotton of her kamiz and the quick rise of her shoulders and chest as her breathing grew erratic. Her eyes were half-closed, hooded, and he had no doubt she was aroused already.
“Do you agree?” he added, confirming that—even in his state—he wouldn’t bring to his bed an unwilling woman.
“I... agree,” she whispered back, her voice husky.
Time to take the game one step further. “Now stand in the middle of the room.”
Sadie froze, but then she stood, graceful as a gazelle rising from the grass. Without looking his way, she glided to the middle of the room. 
He planned on seeing all that she had to offer before sending her on her way for the evening, even though the first tinges of an episode tugged at the back of his mind. 
“Turn around,” he commanded, “and face me.”
For a second, he feared she would bolt, as her expression turned uncertain and her eyes darted around the room. But then, she squared her shoulders, took a deep breath, and stood calmly in front of him. It appeared that, once she gave her word, she’d honor it. But Jalen planned to test that honor before she took her leave of him tonight. 
He stood and, with slow, deliberate steps he walked towards her. In a few short strides he reached her.
The servant girls knew him too well. They had dressed Sadie in one of the traditional oholibah dresses, all ties loose and easy to undo. In three quick moves, she would be naked before him. He savored the arousal the thought provoked.
He turned and began circling, knowing she would see the Zammar royal insignia tattooed on his back. If she’d had any doubts before, his tattoo would eliminate them.
He stepped behind her and stopped. All that glorious red hair was tied up in a tight braid. He decided he didn’t like to see it so restrained. He reached out and slid his hand down the silky smooth tresses until he reached the tie at the end of the it. He tugged it off. Immediately, her hair started to uncoil, and he helped it along by running his fingers through it until it was loose. Once free, it hung down almost to her waist. 
Her hair felt just as silky and smooth as he had anticipated. 
As he brought his hand through it one last time, he tugged on the tie at her waist. The fabric immediately started to slip down her hips. He took a step closer, close enough to hear her sharp intake of breath, and close enough for her to feel his cock pressed against her backside. 
He leaned in and brushed the hair from her left shoulder with his right hand. He couldn’t resist tasting her skin and allowed himself to run his tongue along the side her neck and shoulder. As he met the shoulder tie, he pulled it loose with his teeth. It soon fell free and he caught a glimpse of the round swell of her breast through the gap in the fabric. He kissed his way back up to her ear. 
While nibbling on her earlobe, listening to her rapid breathing, he plucked the knot loose on her right shoulder. As the final tie came undone, the garment whispered to the floor at her feet. 
Jalen had expected more resistance, and her positive reactions to his touch thrilled him, spurring him on. Her breasts, small but firm—perfect for his hands—teased at him. He wanted to cup them, to see her nipples tighten from his ministration, to hear her sighs of pleasure as he did. He placed his hands on her shoulders and ran them down her arms, caressing her slowly. But before he’d done more than imply intent, Sadie spun in his arms and shoved him back with all her strength.
Jalen was stunned. Her strength was surprising—although not enough to move him—but more than that, he was shocked she would even try. No woman had ever dared to shove him away before, and he could have her executed for daring to strike him. His hands grasped hers before she retreated and he searched her face. Her expression was a riot of conflicting signals. He saw anger, lust, and panic flashing in her amber eyes.
She was scared, he realized. Scared of her own arousal.
Nonetheless, anger threatened to bubble up inside him. Who did she think she was, pushing him away after accepting his terms? But he quickly stifled the feeling, not wanting to scare her even more than she already was, and let amusement take its place. “What a little firebrand you’re turning out to be,” he purred. 
Sadie took a shaky step backward. 
“Do not move,” he said, frowning.
His tone halted her in her tracks. He took one of her hands from his chest and brought her fingertips to his mouth. He kissed each one of them with slow deliberation, all the while gazing at her. When she licked her lips, he knew she was feeling it: desire.
He turned her hand over to place a kiss on her palm, and then her wrist, pulling her closer as he made his way up her arm. He darted the tip of his tongue out and nipped her skin with his teeth. It pleased him that she was staring, as if transfixed by him.  
Slowly, her breathing changed, going from a rapid, fear induced rhythm to the shallow panting of sexual excitement. Jalen smiled to himself and stepped back. Now that she was calmer, he wanted to look at what he’d rescued, especially now that she didn’t look so disheveled anymore. 
Her golden skin tone was several shades lighter than his own, but she still was clearly a native in spite of the flaming hair some foreign ancestry had left her. He did not see any telltale signs that she’d borne children. Curiosity piqued, he wondered about her age and whether she was a virgin. Surely she wasn’t that innocent? Was she?
“You look so innocent standing here. How old are you? Twenty? Twenty-one.”
“Twenty-two, my prince.”
Twenty-two. Just six years his junior. A woman her age was no untried girl. Surely, she’d tasted the forbidden fruits at her age. 
“You must have known the touch of a man before. Maybe more than one?” 
She blushed beautifully.
“Just one. It was a long time ago,” she mumbled, looking away from him. 
Not a good experience, Jalen surmised. He wondered what had wounded her so, but refused to ask. She had the right to her own secrets. 
He put his hand under her chin and turned her face towards his. “Just the one?”  
She nodded, her eyes still downcast. 
He liked that, and was relieved. Once he had her writhing in ecstasy underneath him, he wouldn’t have to deal with the shadows of past lovers.  
Jalen crowded closer, forcing her to step back until her back bumped against one of the ornate marble columns along the wall. She gasped in surprise and he smirked.
“Turn around now. Put your hands up on the column.”
“What?! No, I—” 
“This was our deal,” he reminded her, letting his voice grow cold with his displeasure. “For a year, you are mine to do with as I please. And right now, I want you to turn around.”
She glared back at him, before visibly forcing herself to clear her expression of any trace of defiance. Good. She understood that she had to comply, for she was his now, after all. Finally, she turned around and faced the wall.
“Doesn’t mean I like being ordered around,” she grumbled almost too low for Jalen to hear.
A smile twitched his lips.
“Hands on the column,” he continued to instruct her. He’d only play for a moment, he promised himself. He could feel the beast growing and did not want to put her in danger. 
Sadie complied half-heartedly. No, that won’t do, he thought as he observed her. “Higher.”
After a few seconds of hesitation, she raised her hands over her head and gripped some of the column’s intricate carvings.
Blistering suns! What a sight. Her arched back was smooth and dusted with a few dark freckles, barely visible on her tanned skin. Her waist dipped in and flared out at her hips alluringly. Her handhold on the column thrust her backside out into the room, toward him. Her womanhood swelled with her growing need.
Jalen stepped closer. Her breath quickened as he did. He wondered if she feared punishment. She shouldn’t. He intended to calm. 
He slid his boot-clad leg between her bare ones and with a few taps of his foot, urged them open. He stayed close between her legs, not quite touching her, yet close enough that she sensed his body heat.
He reached forward and ran his fingers up her back and along her side, leaving goosebumps in his wake. Her skin felt so warm, so alive. A true delight. His hands traveled up to her shoulders, kneading the flesh as he went. 
Jalen’s cock grew uncomfortably hard at the sound of Sadie’s moan. He had to remind himself he was trying to set her at ease. The beast wanted to take her right then, right there. But she wasn’t ready. He’d yet to take a woman who wasn’t ready for him, and despite the beast, he wouldn’t start now.
He moved his hands to her back and started kneading and caressing her skin in a slow, sensual massage experience had taught him worked wonders on most women. Her muscles tensed before finally relaxing under his expert touch. Sadie finally breathed a little sigh of pleasure, and she arched her back a bit more. Jalen smirked and let his hands wander closer and closer to her breasts and backside.  
She was almost ready now, he thought. He slid his hands around the front of her hips and started teasing the skin just above her pubis. Sadie very audibly gasped and leaned forward, forehead pressed on the cold marble of the pillar.   
Jalen leaned forward and traced a path with his tongue along her ear and sucked her earlobe into his mouth. He nipped it and swirled his tongue around the sensitive bit of skin, feeling her shiver with each stroke of his tongue or teeth. 
He knew then that, as unwise as it was at the moment, he wouldn’t let her go back to her rooms until he’d finished what he’d started. “I’m going to make you sing,” he promised in her ear. “Would you like that?”
Her breathing became erratic at his words, and he almost expected her to refuse. He wasn’t sure what he would do if she did. Still, he waited for her answer. After several moments, she nodded shyly. 
He chuckled, stirring her hair. So, she would like that, would she? He would like that also. 

***

Sadie screwed her eyes shut. His promise—or had it been it a threat?—of pleasure strong enough to have her “sing” had transformed her knees into quicksand. She was lost. Utterly lost. Incapable of processing anything other than his mouth and hands on her skin. In spite of the still rational part of her brain telling her this was a bad idea, she failed to think of a reason she should still resist.
Prince Jalen slid his hands up to her hips and sides again, before bringing them around to her abdomen. He teased her, swirling the tip of his fingers higher until he reached the underside of her breasts. For a moment, he toyed with the sensitive skin there, making her nipples grow even tighter and more sensitive. 
She bit down on the moan building in her throat.
When she thought the teasing would render her insane, he cupped her breasts in his hands and ran his thumbs across her nipples. 
“So hard already,” he murmured into her ear, before pinching them between his thumbs and forefingers. 
Sadie gasped out loud, the sudden sharp pain travelling straight down to her core. She felt herself getting wet—wetter—and moisture started to pool between her thighs. She flushed. Instinctively, she tried to close her legs, to hide herself from his sight.
“Stop,” Jalen growled as soon as she made a move.
She froze at the warning. Prince Jalen sounded—on the edge. Dangerous. She dared not peer back, afraid of punishment. And even more that he would stop and leave her there, unfulfilled. 
“What did I tell you?” he asked, twisting both her nipples again.
Sadie gasped once more, and arched back against him. 
“Not... not to move,” she whispered.
“Right.” A push from his foot between her legs made her finally stop her squirming.
The next thing she knew, one of his hands had travelled from her breast to her mons. There, his fingers trailed through the tuft of hair covering her sex and dipped straight between her legs.
“Wait—” Her breath caught in her throat and her sentence transformed into a moan when he connected with the little bundle of nerves at the apex of her thighs.
He pressed his fingers down and started to stroke her in slow circles, each of them stoking the fire in her blood a little higher. Liquid heat started to build inside her, and she bit on her lower lip after a moan managed to escape her throat. The sensation wasn’t a foreign one, but she had never experienced it from anything other than her own hand. 
She started rocking against his hand, unable to stop herself. She wanted—no, needed—more from him. She reached down with one hand and tried to guide him further back. Mindlessly, she wanted him to slide his fingers inside her; she needed more. Something more. Anything more.
He chuckled, his voice husky and somewhat breathless. “Eager suddenly, aren’t you? But you are forgetting yourself. Hand back on the column, or this stops right here, right now, and I send you back to your room.”
Sadie groaned, but she forced herself to put her hand back in its original spot. Trembling, she wondered what he would do next. Then he pulled away from her and left her standing there, unsure and desiring more, she whimpered. She didn’t want him to stop, yet he seemed to want to deny her the touch her body craved.
Thirty seconds passed. A minute.
“Did you say something?” Prince Jalen asked.
“N—No my prince,” she muttered back, clutching at the column’s carving.
“Will you behave now?”
Sadie gritted her teeth, torn between anger at his teasing and simply wanting him to continue at all cost. Her body hummed for more of his touch, and she couldn’t take it anymore. She felt light-headed from the rush.“Yes,” she said.
Prince Jalen put one hand on each side of her body and leaned in to nibble her earlobe again. She felt every inch of him—firm muscles, soft skin, and hard cock—and it was clear he was enjoying tormenting her. From her ear, he kissed along her neck and and bit down on her collarbone, before gently licking at the spot to soothe the pain. 
She cried out softly. Her reaction appeared to excite him even more as he growled, his fingers pressing harder into her hips and drawing her backside flush against his erection. She didn’t hold back her vocal response, or how her body responded to his obvious desire.
Sadie wanted to squirm, throbbing from the inside out, almost painful in its intensity. This time though, she was mindful of Prince Jalen’s warning and didn’t try to move. Instead, she pressed her forehead on the cool marble of the column once more, panting and trying not to drown in her own mounting pleasure.
His hands still holding her firmly in place, Jalen started rubbing himself against her. She heard his breathing grow ragged and uneven, and she finally chanced a glance back at him.
Her eyes met his. They burned with a fever she couldn’t quite explain and she quickly turned her head again. She worried that he would stop since she’d disobeyed him yet again.
His tone barely above a whisper, he told her, “Move to the bed.”
Her hands were shaking when she pulled them from their perch above her head, and she felt tingly and weak in the knees as she made her way to his sleeping platform.
As soon as she went up the two steps leading to it, he grabbed her by the arms and lowered her down on her hands and knees. Unease snaked into her mind. Like a dog, she thought, and it made her tense and hesitate.
“Wait, my prince, I—”
“Do not speak,” he said. Strangely, it was the edge of—was it pleading?—that she heard in his voice that stilled her protest.
He ran his hands over the swell of her buttocks and slid one between her legs. Like before, he started rubbing her bud, and she forgot all about her misgivings. When he slipped one finger inside her and hooked it to reach the exact spot she had been so keen to have him touch before, she groaned out loud and gripped the silken bed sheets. Her body’s reactions took over at that point, and she started rocking her hips against his hand. 
With his other hand, Prince Jalen pressed her into the bed cushion. With her pinned down and unable to move away, he continued stroking, soon adding a second finger to the one already making her crazy with need. Someone started to keen and moan helplessly—it was her own voice, she realized. 
Sadie began to tremble, heat spreading outward, ever widening, all-encompassing.
“Please—” she pleaded in a broken voice, not even certain what she was asking for at this point. A release from the pressure building up inside.
“Thats it,” he cooed. “Sing for me.”
As if on command, she unravelled, burying her face in the bedding to stifle her cry. She shuddered as pleasure rolled through her, wave after wave. 
As her orgasm dissipated, Sadie collapsed forward onto the bed, breathing hard, still trembling with the aftershock. 
Before she managed to catch her breath, Prince Jalen pulled her body backward so her knees rested on the steps and her stomach on the cushion. He gripped her hips, his thumb drawing small circles on the curve of her lower back in a quite distracting manner.
Then he moved away, and she lost the warmth of his body close to her. Sadie still felt too boneless to move, but she felt his absence keenly. Fabric rustled, and she realized he was getting rid of his pants. She tensed. Yet, she didn’t even think of resisting him. In truth, she wanted to feel his hard length thrusting inside her, filling her. This realization staggered her almost as much as her orgasm had.
Prince Jalen joined her on the bed and once again leaned over her, trailing his lips along her shoulder blades. Sadie tried to turn around, but he gripped her waist, keeping her on her stomach under him. 
With one hand, he positioned her hips so she’d be completely open to him. He pushed the tip of erection against her tight entrance. Sadie didn’t remember her previous lover—if she could call him that—ever feeling so... full. She cried out at the sensation, then bit her lip.
The pressure released for a moment, then the next instant, he thrust his hips forward. He impaled himself inside her to the hilt, stretching her almost to the point of pain. She started panting softly, trying not to whimper. 
Prince Jalen kept her firmly in place as he started moving his hips in deep, lazy thrusts. He rubbed on her clitoris with one hand and alternatively bit and kissed the juncture of her neck and shoulder. He continued his slow pleasurable torture until she was gripping at the bedsheets again and moaning for him to go faster and deeper. Even then, he kept her pinned in place, keeping the same implacable rhythm.
But not even he could keep such strenuous control of himself forever. His thrusts became more urgent, erratic. Caught in his growing pleasure, Sadie felt herself spiral out of control, into another mind-shattering climax.
He followed her a second later, and they both collapsed on the bed, Prince Jalen’s weight and heat covering her back and side. It was a strange sensation, one that was so very intimate even though her situation was far from ideal.
Sadie would have stayed there, basking in the afterglow of her second orgasm, if Prince Jalen hadn’t jerked away from her immediately afterward.
“Get up,” he said from between gritted teeth, taking her aback.
She staggered back to her feet and turned toward him. His back was to her, his head bowed. Her healer’s instinct took over and, before her conscious thoughts caught up with her, she took a step towards him.
“Get out!” he growled, making her freeze on the spot.
Still, she hesitated to leave. Was something wrong? Perhaps she should call one of the attendants or something.
“My... prince?”
“Out, I said!” he yelled, fumbling for something beside him. When he found it, he tossed her one of his robes, and growled, “Get out.”
Sadie didn’t wait to find out what had changed. She caught the robe and retreated from him. As she fled the room, she heard something smash and shatter against one of the walls. 
 
***

Jalen stood at his suite door, his head resting against it in despair. As far as he could tell, none of the guards had reacted to the glass shattering against the wall. They were used to it by now, he was sure. He was confident someone would send for a servant to clean up the mess after he left the room. 
He already regretted his action. He had wanted to hasten her departure, and her lust-hazed expression of confusion had helped slow the beast clawing to get out. His thoughts returned to clarity for a moment.
Maybe I should apologize to her. 
Apologize? He scowled. What a foreign idea. She was lucky he hadn’t hurt her. She was better gone. Besides, he needed to move swiftly with his guards to the training room before he wasn’t coherent enough to do it on his own. He had very little time left and had waited too long already. 
“Here, let me help you with that,” Marek’s voice filtered through the door, followed by a gentle thud and vibration as if someone backed into the door.
Jalen growled, picturing Marek’s actions in his mind. His guard knew better than to tease his prize. Marek had already crossed one line. He better not cross another one. Jalen’s anger grew again. He’d make him pay.
“Marek, you poisonous desert snake, go inform Siddig, Abbas, and Yusuf that we are needed in his highness’ training chambers. Immediately. I will escort our guest to her room, and give me that!” 
Kadar.
The beast slipped farther down. Jalen looked at his hands still pressed to the door. They shook.
Take her to her suite, he urged Kadar silently. His time was running out. 
Jalen felt the door vibrate again, as if someone had just moved away from it.
“Come, let’s get you back to your room,” Jalen heard Kadar say to Sadie. A few seconds later the door on the other side of his anteroom opened and closed. 
Good. Jalen turned and grabbed the loose fitting pants he’d worn during the meal and pulled them on. He grabbed his scabbard and belt, and tied on his scimitar, and marched back to the door. He’d go to the training room barefoot. In a few minutes it wouldn’t matter anyway. The rage would take over and he’d would be lost until the episode passed.
He threw the door to his suite open, and stormed out towards the anteroom door. His trusted guards opened the door before he reached it and followed him out. 
Jalen’s steps were strong and sure. His hands no longer shook.
He had to hurry.
 
EPILOGUE

Jalen stood panting in the middle of the training room, his wrap pants drenched in sweat. His expression was wild. Marek and Fahd had already left the training room for a few minutes of rest, and Jalen stood facing the tired-looking Kadar and Baqi. He growled, his scimitar blade slicing upwards, intent on killing one of the men in front of him. 
They deftly parried, steel clashing with steel, and they started circling him. Jalen would not rest until the beast was sated.  
 
SLOW BURN:
ONE

Sadie rolled over on the unfamiliar mattress and grabbed for the blanket to cover herself more fully. A few more moments, she thought sleepily, and then she’d start her day and open the store.
She woke with a start when she realized the blanket she was clutching didn’t feel like her own. For a moment, she stared at the ceiling, utterly confused. She didn’t recognize that ceiling. It was far too grand for her own small house at the edge of town. Where was she? 
Then the previous week’s events crashed in on her. The would-be rapist, the angry mob, the prison, the executioner's axe. 
Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri.
Prince Jalen, heir to the kingdom of Zammar, acclaimed general and war hero. Disfigured and mostly reclusive for the past six months. He had stopped the executioner in mid-swing, saving her life, and bought her total obedience for the next year. In exchange, Prince Jalen had promised her total freedom once the year was out. He had then brought her to the royal palace, bathed and dined her, then...
Blistering suns! 
He had managed to thoroughly seduce her. She’d lost her mind in pleasure. Her body still sang just remembering it. He had been demanding, yet gentle, but he had scared her when he abruptly told her to leave. No, not told. Growled. The action didn’t match what she’d seen of the man throughout the day. 
She wondered why he had suddenly turned on her and thrown her out of his room. Would their time together always end this way? 
But even as she’d given him her word of honor, she didn’t think she would accept being treated that way long. She sniffed, trying to stifle the tears that now threatened to overflow. She wasn’t going to cry now. She had cried enough for a lifetime already.
A knock at the door snapped her from her musings. She sniffed and quickly brushed her eyes, looking around for Jalen’s robe—her only article of clothing. She had thrown it down before collapsing, exhausted, in bed the night before. Finally, she found it crumpled on the floor and slipped it on. Only then did she bid whomever had knocked to enter.
Nadia, the young servant girl from the day before, pushed open the door and entered, a tray ladened with food in her hands. Without a word, she made her way towards the room’s low dining table and, upon reaching it, set the tray down. She turned and curtseyed to Sadie, before silently leaving the room.
Sadie opened and closed her mouth, and made a face. When Nadia first came in, she’d been about to greet her politely, but the girl hadn’t even looked her way. She hoped this wasn’t an sample of the way she would be treated for the next year. She didn’t think she would react well to being ignored by everyone in the palace.
Everyone but Prince Jalen.
And that guard, Marek—who leered at her whenever he had the chance—he had a way of looking at her that made her blood run cold. He might become a problem at some point. She would need to be wary of him.
Finally, curious and hungry, Sadie approached the table. The tray Nadia had left her held a full plate of fruits, a bowl of hot cooked grain, and what looked to be some leftover lamb from the night before. Next to the plate sat a steaming cup of liquid. It didn’t look like coffee, so she picked it up and sniffed the concoction, closing her eyes to better take in the aroma. 
She detected several herbs, raspberry leaf, and a tangy odor indicative of a contraceptive herb readily available to the populace. She was relieved to know that the palace staff were providing the beverage for her, but she knew of a more effective method to prevent pregnancy. As it became clear that the prince would bed her, she’d turned her healing magic inward and had closed off her womb. Her mother had taught her that trick before she’d died, but Sadie never expected to one day use it.
Only now, everything was uncertain. Not having to worry about a babe seemed like a good reason to practice what her mother had taught her. She smiled, and took a sip of the tangy tea. It never hurt to take extra precautions. 

***

Jalen’s eyes slowly focused on the room and the scene around him. Yusuf was standing in front of him with sweat rolling down his face, arms, and chest, and a scimitar pointed at Jalen—his own scimitar, he saw from the gold-encrusted hilt. A red and puffy bruise closed Yusuf’s left eye, and his lip was split. The other guards were in better shape, but only barely, and everyone was breathing hard.
Must have been a rough night, he thought, not liking what he saw. He had yet to hurt any of them permanently, but he feared the time when even all of them—in an effort to keep the beast subdued—wouldn’t be able to stave off the madness anymore. If they ever lost their hold over him... It was worrisome.
He looked to his left. Abbas had Jalen’s arm secured in both of his hands. To Jalen’s right, Siddig was doing likewise. His balance was forward on the balls of his feet, as if he’d been straining against their hold. He rocked back on his heels, and their hold loosened. Yusuf twitched his eyebrow in question, and Jalen nodded in silent answer.
He was fully cognisant and their prince once more.
There was an audible sigh of relief as Siddig and Abbas let him go, and Yusuf handed him back his scimitar. 
Yes, it had been a bad night, he thought. Too much power and residual anger had helped fuel the episode. He rubbed his eyes. Had he been fighting all night? If so, that would be a first.
Jalen groaned, and his shoulders and arms shook with fatigue. Yes, he was sure he had raged the whole time.
He shrugged his shoulders, loosening the tension in his muscles. “I take it I was particularly taxing last night.”
Yusuf just tilted his head and quirked his eyebrow higher.
Jalen rubbed a hand across his face. His arms protested the movement as he wiped sweat from his eyes and off his forehead. He stank worse than Sadie did after a week in the kingdom’s gaol. A bath and a soak in the heated tubs were in order. 
His mind drifted back to Sadie—his little redheaded firebrand with the expressive eyes the color of molten amber. She had proven to be quite the diversion last night. He had not intended to push her quite that far, but her mild resistance had spurred him on. And once she tried to wrest control from him, he’d not been able to restrain himself any longer.
Jalen felt the first stirrings of desire at the memory of her panting, moaning, and bucking against his hand until she spent herself wantonly against him. He’d enjoy a physical diversion after his bath.
But first, he needed to take care of his men. They needed rest, and recuperation. “Has Captain ‘Ibn Al-Amar rested?”
“Yes, your highness,” Yusuf replied.
“Good,” he paused. “Send for him. Have him meet me at the royal baths.” 
Yusuf said, “It will be done.” He saluted and left the room to retrieve Kadar.
He felt weary, but there was no time to rest. He needed to preside over the royal courts in the afternoon, and had to meet with his war officials after breaking his fast. 
Taking in his guards’ disheveled appearance and clear fatigue, he ordered, “You are all dismissed. I can find my own way to the royal baths.”
Abbas and Siddig saluted, turned on their heels, and left the training room.
Standing alone in the middle of the room, Jalen sighed and hung his head. He would take a moment to collect his thoughts, and carefully reconstruct the wall that held the madness at bay. How much worse would these episodes become before it all ended? How much longer would he be able to hide the madness from the rest of the palace?
Jalen stood straighter and squared his shoulders. He would continue for as long as he had to. That was the main reason he’d dismissed all but his most trusted twelve guards over the past year. The men who served him now were good with secrets. And Jalen had too many.
He shook his head clear of the negative thoughts and marched towards his private bathing room. He had only taken a few steps down the hall when his personal attendant hustled after him, trying to catch up. Jalen tried remember the man’s name. He kept changing his attendants so none would learn the truth, but that made remembering their names all the harder.
Ah, yes. Serafah was hailing him. Jalen wished to ignore the self-righteous man, but instead turned to him and issued an order. “Send for Sadie. Have her meet me in the royal baths.”
And with that, Jalen continued on his way, leaving the flustered Serafah behind.

***

Sadie sat crossed-legged at the low table, finishing her tea and light breakfast of fruits and leftover lamb. 
The meal definitely helped with her emotional turmoil. There was nothing to be done about the prince and how he treated her, and stewing on it wouldn’t help. Besides, it was just a year. She would survive it for a year.
Sadie got up to use the small attached room that contained a chamber pot on the floor and had a pitcher and basin for washing hands on a table. 
She sighed. At least she didn’t have to clean the chamber pots.
She was washing her hands when someone knocked at her door.  
“Yes?” she called out.
The same attendant from last night stepped into the room. “His highness requests your presence. Please follow me.”
With a nod of her head and a resigned sigh, Sadie pulled the robe tighter about her body and followed the man out of her room.
The halls felt full of people. There were guards positioned at several doors, and several female servants scurried about on errands for the palace. 
Sadie clutched the prince’s robe closer to her body, all too aware of her state of undress while everyone watched her as she traveled the corridors to the prince’s chambers. She longed for a real garment. 
Her body remembered how it felt under the prince’s ministrations and her body thrummed with anticipation as they turned the final corridor for his chambers. When they passed his room without stopping she had to ask, “Where are we going? I thought you said my prince summoned me?”
The attendant shot her a quelling look over his shoulder and didn’t answer her.
Seen, but not heard, Sadie remembered.  
They turned one more corner before the attendant stopped at a door and knocked. The guard that helped Sadie to her room last night opened it and then held it for her. She tried to peek around him without going in.
“His highness doesn’t like to wait, miss—” the guard started.
“Just Sadie, please,” she interrupted and flashed her most sincere smile. She liked this guard even if he didn’t smile or talk or do anything, frankly, other than help her get covered when Marek tried to embarrass her.
“He is expecting you.”
She stifled a sigh. “Of course,” she told him and entered the room.
She stepped into a small room that was just large enough for a few guards, even though there was only the one stationed there at the moment. The guard who’d held the door for her stepped around her and opened the other door. Sadie moved past him and into the most glorious bathing room she’d ever seen. She stopped just inside the door and gaped at the opulence of it, while the guard closed the door behind her.
Water burbled and sang from fountains along the edge of the marble baths. The noise was gentle and soothing to Sadie’s ears. Aside from the sea, Sadie had never seen so much water in one place before. Or such beautiful mosaics. Prince Jalen sat in the corner of the bath, facing the door, relaxing. His gaze followed her movements as she entered the room 
She looked at him. She took in the tension in his shoulders, the weariness that was just visible around the edges of his dark brown eyes, before the mask hid the rest of his features, and the muscles jumping in his jaw as if he were clenching his teeth. His black hair curled at the edges of the mask’s ties at his temples.
He was either exhausted, or angry, or both. Sadie approached with caution. Was he going to scream and rant at her or be the commanding, dominating, sexual prince from the night before?
“Do you not have something else to wear besides a robe or were the servants anticipating again?” 
“No, my prince,” Sadie responded. “And I’d have even less if it wasn't for you throwing this robe to me last night.”
She watched his eyes narrow. Fleetingly she wondered if she’d offended him, but decided to dismiss the notion. It was the truth after all. She had nothing to her name but what he provided. Sadie squared her shoulders and waited for him to react.
“Remove it.”
Sadie hastened to comply. He seemed less inclined to accept her verbal challenges this morning. The robe slipped from her shoulders and fell to the ground at her feet. 
“Get in,” he commanded.
She stepped out of the garment pooled at her feet and descended the stairs of the bath into the warm water. She stepped to the middle of the bathing pool, the water lapping at her upper thighs, and waited for his next command.
He waved his hand towards the edge of the pool, drawing her gaze to the bar of soap there. Sadie took that as a request to get the soap. She waded over to it, grabbed it, and returned to where she’d been standing.
“Do you want me to wash you?” The thought of washing the prince felt a little too intimate.
“No. I am already clean.” 
She nodded and said to herself, “You want to watch me wash myself.”
“Yes.”
The response startled her. She hadn’t realized she’d spoken her statement out loud.
I—” She licked her lips, uncomfortable at being put in the position to perform for him. Or at least, it felt as such.
Prince Jalen scowled at her, and again, she noticed the lines of exhaustion pulling at his mouth, making him look at least ten years older than the night before. She was confused. Perhaps he really was sick. Might this be why he’d dismissed her after bedding her?
“Sadie,” he said very softly, but the warning in his voice came across loud and clear.
“Yes, my prince,” she gulped and dunked down into the water before standing again. She brought the fragrant soap to the skin of her collarbone and starting to lather herself with it.
Its fragrance tickled her nostrils. It was the same spicy, clean scent she’d smelled on the prince’s skin the night before. Somehow, the idea that she would now wear the very same scent was enough to arouse her a little more. Especially since he looked at her, as she moved the soap over her body, like she was the only thing that mattered in the world. Like a man about to drown.
Why would he—who had everything—look at her in such a way?
Her embarrassment made her wash herself quickly, and she ducked back under the water to rinse and wet her hair. She self-consciously soaped it, knowing that the motion thrust her breasts forward for him to admire. She reminded herself that he’d seen all of her already, but still she hurried. 
She dipped under the water to rinse.
“Why Sadie?” he asked her when she resurfaced.
She brushed the water from her eyes and looked at him. “Why what?”
“Why are you named Sadie?” he asked again. “You speak the language like a native, your features and skin tone are also native, and my attendant tells me you used to live on the outskirts of town. So, you are not an immigrant, at least not a recent one. Yet your name is foreign.” 
She blinked at him in surprise. “My real name is Saraid, after some ancestor from the north, but I prefer the nickname Sadie. I was named after that ancestor on account of my hair color.”
“Hmm... I see. This name suits you, I think.”
“Really?” she couldn’t help but say, skeptical. Why would he care if her name suited her? 
Sadie looked at the Prince Jalen more closely, but already, his attention seemed to have moved elsewhere. His eyes grew shuttered and his shoulders drooped. His body once more showed signs of exhaustion, and something in her was moved by the sight.
“You look like you’ve had a bad night,” she said without thinking, then bit her tongue and quickly added, “my prince.” 
For a moment, Prince Jalen’s eyes grew fierce. Then he took a deep, shuddering breath, and closed them, pinching the bridge of his nose. When he next looked at her, his expression was calm, but he didn’t respond 
Silence stretched between them, and Sadie wondered if, perhaps, she should ask to return to her room. Unlike the day before, the prince was making no move to coax a response from her.
“You seem tired. Maybe I should, hmm...”  She looked back toward the door leading back to the hall.
“Stay,” he ordered, cutting her off. “Come here,” he continued, raising one hand from the edge of the pool to beckon her to him.
Sadie tensed, watching him warily, but stepped forward until she was within arm’s reach of the prince.
He reached a hand forward to caress her, from her breasts to her backside. Sadie shivered despite the warmth of the water. She still felt somewhat sore from his attentions last night, but in spite of it, the promise held in his touch made her sway on her feet, her knees already weak with desire. 
Prince Jalen smirked and started rubbing slow circles on the skin over the bone of her hip with his thumb. Sadie’s eyes fluttered closed, and she took one shaky breath after another.
“My prince,” she whispered, unsure if she was about to protest his advance or tell him to hurry.
In answer, he tugged on her until she kneeled in the water. Her knees rested on the bottom of the pool and the water lapped around her neck. She was now at eye level with him, wondering what he had in mind. She expected him to order her to... well, she wasn’t sure what she thought he would command her to do. But he asked her nothing at all. Instead, he ran a hand through her wet hair, moving it away from her face, and sighed. His expression confused her. He looked almost sad. 
Her healer’s instincts took over. She simply wanted him to stop hurting. And he was hurting. Even if she didn’t know why. She didn’t even think before she blurted out, “Please let me.”
His eyes sharpened on her, whether at her lack of honorifics or at her implied request, she wasn’t sure.
“Sit forward,” she told him.
She didn’t really expect him to comply with her demand without a fight. He didn’t seem like the kind of man to take orders well. But he leaned forward without a word, surprising her. She stood and slipped behind him on the underwater seat.
Sadie closed her eyes and concentrated her energy, before placing her hands on his shoulders. The way her mother had taught her long ago, she started massaging the tension away. She gently worked on the muscles in his neck and along his shoulders and down his back. She infused enough power into her hands to relax away his pain and to loosen his spasming muscles. 
His back, shoulders, and arm muscles screamed at her senses, telling her how overworked they were. She wondered what he did during the night to strain them to the point of injury. She’d only seen such damage from farmers working too hard in the field. But the prince was, of course, no farmer. Nothing he did inside the palace—including bedplay—could account for what she encountered. How in the great might of her ancestors had this happened? 
As her hands traveled to all of the knots in his back, the prince started to slowly relax in her arms. Not once did he stop her or reprimand her for acting without his express order. This fact alone told her something was different this morning, if she hadn’t already been wondering. 
Slowly she worked her way from his back to his chest. Her hands trembled when she reached the taut muscle of his torso, and she licked her lips. Now wasn’t the time to get distracted. She pulled him against her. His warm back pressed to her chest so that she reached his front easier. She blushed at having him pressed between her legs, but he didn’t seem inclined to act on that fact. In fact, he didn’t act like he noticed at all. 
Sadie breathed in his scent: soap, moisture, and an underlying aroma that she identified as uniquely his. 
She liked it. 
Eventually curiosity overruled her common sense. She wanted to find out what was wrong with him. Drawing from deep inside her, she sent some of her healing magic coursing through him. If his injuries were something simple, perhaps she could fix it. She didn’t detect anything overt, but it didn’t surprise her. If truly he’d controlled the crowd through magic yesterday, he would be powerful enough to hide any injury or illnesses from her. 
While her power was swirling deep in his veins, trying to detect anything else wrong besides muscle fatigue, she healed the other small muscle injuries she encountered.
When he didn’t react to her use of power, Sadie opened her eyes to look at him. His head was thrown back on her shoulder, his expression relaxed, and the wet ties to his mask tickled her skin. She noticed his breathing had slowed and he was getting heavy in her arms. She looked to his eyes, but couldn’t tell if they were closed because of the mask and her angle behind him. Still, her senses told her he’d fallen asleep. It shouldn’t surprise her; he had been exhausted.
She ran her nose along his neck, savoring his warm skin against her nose and his spicy male scent. She enjoyed this little guilty pleasure even though she knew she shouldn’t. 
She sighed. She would let him sleep for a few moments before trying to move him.
It didn’t take long for Sadie to become uncomfortable. He was heavy—all hard muscles and at least six inches taller than her—and getting heavier as he relaxed in sleep. The edge of the marble tub was digging into her back, and she felt her left leg grow numb. She was loath to wake him, but she needed to move away. She didn’t want to let go; he might slip under the water if she did. Sadie didn’t want to be accused of trying to drown the prince. The accusation would not be good for her head staying attached to her shoulders. But she didn’t want the guards to see her naked again. The way that one had looked at her had made her uncomfortable.
She tried to nudge him. “My prince?”
He didn’t move. 
She reached a hand up to touch his face. “My prince, wake up.”
Still, he did not rouse, or even twitch. Not even when she dripped water on his face from her wet hand. 
“Prince Jalen?” Surely he would react to that impropriety. Yet he did not respond.
Well, this is awkward.
“Jalen?” she tried again in a whisper, flushing at the brazenness it took to call the prince by his given name. It burned on her tongue, but she still smiled. If he heard her, he would be angry, she was sure. But he was fast asleep, and had even started snoring softly.
Sadie grew serious again. She needed to do something, since she didn’t want to spend the next—however long—in the bath with him.
Five more minutes passed before Sadie finally came to a decision. She really needed to move the prince. Hopefully, it wouldn’t be Marek guarding the door.
“Excuse me?” she called softly. She didn’t want to yell in Prince Jalen’s ear.
There was no response from the man in the anteroom. Sadie tried again, just a little louder this time. “Guard?”
The door opened and the man poked his head into the room. When he saw her, his usually serious expression transformed into a deep frown.
“Excuse me, I need some help. He’s heavy and I can’t wake him.”
The guard looked at her and then down to the prince asleep in her lap, still scowling. He stalked over to her and growled, “He better be alive. What did you do?”
Alive? Of course he’s alive. Can’t you hear the man snoring? His accusation annoyed Sadie to no end. She was no assassin, by her ancestors, she was a healer! Besides, if she’d killed him would she have done it pinned behind him and unable to extract herself?
“Shh, not so loud, you’ll wake him. He’s sleeping,” she admonished. 
The guard glared at her. 
“Please, can you help? He’s heavy and I don’t want him to fall forward into the water,” Sadie asked again. 
“Did you poison him? You will be executed if he came to harm at your hand.”
Sadie paled, any trace of anger and humor draining from her thoughts. If he truly doubted her, she could be executed before he woke up and they realized he was fine. 
She forced herself to answer in a calm voice, “No. He was tense and I offered to give him a massage. Apparently, I did too good of a job because he fell asleep in my arms.” She kept her eyes on the guard. “Please, my back hurts and I’d really like to get out now.”
The guard watched her for several moments more, before his expression finally cleared and warmed. Praise her ancestors, it looked like he believed her. He nodded and left her side. Before he left the room again, he looked back at her thoughtfully. Then, he quirked an eyebrow and ducked out of the door. Sadie presumed he left to get more attendants to help move the prince off her. She resigned herself to having a bunch of men see her naked in the water. 
A few minutes later, the same guard returned and walked toward her. “I called for assistance. They will be here shortly.”
Sadie nodded. She’d expected as much.
“His highness would not like to be seen asleep as it is,” the guard said, frowning again, “and even less so with you pressed behind him.”
Sadie looked at the prince’s sleeping form again. “Probably not,” she answered, making a face.
The guard dropped to his knees and spread his legs out on the tile behind him. He slipped his arms under the prince’s shoulders and pulled him away, taking the weight off her.
“Slide out from behind him. There are towels on the stool over there,” he instructed. “Dry off and put that robe back on. Once you are decent, get out of the way.” He looked around before saying, “There. Go stand in that corner. When we are finished here, I will escort you back to your rooms.”
Sadie bristled a bit at being ordered around. This was different from the prince’s commands. Yet, she thought it a bad idea to antagonize the guard—a captain she could now see by his decoration—by refusing to comply, and had to bite back a more snappy comeback. He was after all helping her before other guards arrived. She quickly exited the pool, grabbed a towel, and dried off her skin, before wrapping the same towel around her dripping hair. She was just placing the robe about her shoulders when the door opened and three guards bearing a litter entered the room. 
When Sadie saw Marek enter the room beside his fellow guards, she immediately tensed and retreated farther. His eyes gleamed and he smirked as he took her in. She shuddered. He made her feel dirty in a way that neither Prince Jalen or the captain did. 
“Marek, stand clear,” the captain ordered. “Baqi and Fahd, get in and pull his highness over to the steps. We’ll place him on the litter. Marek and I will carry him.” 
Two guards Sadie recognized from the night before unbuckled their weapons and took off their boots. She watched as they set them down on the tiled floor, but quickly averted her eyes when they started to unlace their shirts in case they decided to disrobe even further. As she heard splashing, she chanced a glance back and was relieved to find out they had entered the pool in their uniform pants. 
The two guards then took a hold of the prince, one at his arms and one at his legs, and floated him to the stairs. 
She bit her lower lip to suppress her nervous laughter at the sight. She was sure Prince Jalen would wake up at any moment and start raging at this treatment of his sleeping body. But his men got him to the stairs without waking him. They lifted him out of the water, and placed him on the litter that Marek and the captain had moved closer to the landing. Once he was secured, the captain dropped a towel over Prince Jalen’s prone form before taking position at his head. Marek took the opposite side. 
“Open the door for us, Baqi,” the captain instructed as they lifted the litter. “Then get dried off and changed. Meet us in his highness’ chambers once you are done.”
The men saluted their captain. One went to the stack of towels and proceeded to dry off. The other man—Baqi, Sadie reminded herself—walked towards a section in the wall. He pressed a hidden release and a door swung open.
Sadie quirked an eyebrow. So, that was how they planned on getting the prince back to his own rooms without half the palace’s staff learning about the way he’d fallen asleep in the middle of a bath. Sadie had wondered about it. Prince Jalen wouldn’t have wanted to be paraded down the main hallways in his condition—she knew that, even if she had met him only the day before. He would have been so irritated. He was much too proud to accept being the subject of palace gossip.
The captain and Marek walked toward the hidden door. Just as they were about to step through, the captain called over his shoulder, “Sadie? Please follow us.”
“Yes,” she replied, her laughter dying on her lips, and fell into step behind them, keeping her distance from Marek.

***

Consciousness for Jalen came back in stages. For a long moment, half awake, he simply listened to the songs of birds outside in the garden and the soothing burble of the small fountain situated in a corner of his bedroom. Then, he realized he wasn’t in his bath anymore. He snapped his eyes open, his hand reaching for the blade under his pillow. How had he gotten back to his bed? 
He did a scan of his room, looking for threats, but when he saw and felt none, he let go of the blade. As he wiped his hand over his face trying to chase away the last remnant of sleep, he noticed his mask had been removed. He found it waiting for him beside the bed, still slightly damp.
It had to be late afternoon, Jalen decided, using the ambient light in the room to make that determination. He groaned when he realized he’d slept through the day’s meetings. His esteemed father King Jameyri 'Anaq Al-Ahofe would be furious. Jalen would need to receive him in his quarters to explain. That thought was enough to make him groan again. 
He rolled to his side and sat up. He held his head in his hands and tried to remember what happened. He recalled sending for Sadie, fully intending to use her to relax after fighting all night. Yet when the time came for him to act on his impulse, he’d held back. 
Why?
He knew her body had already started to react to his touch, but he’d been so tired. And then she’d ordered him to sit forward and slid behind him to massage his shoulders. Any other time he would have pushed her away, used her own arousal to punish her for her forwardness. But this time he hadn’t.
Instead, he’d fallen asleep! The realization shocked him. How could she have relaxed him to this point? He never relaxed to the point of sleeping in the company of anyone, especially a woman. 
His guards had to have pulled him from the water then, he realized. Jalen grimaced. Not a sight he’d have wanted them to see. He stood and grabbed his silk lounging robe from a hook and slid it over his shoulders. He needed to find out how late he had actually slept. 
He was almost to the door when Kadar’s voice trickled through from the antechamber. 
“I don’t know what you are planning—if anything—but she is not a serving girl to tumble behind the servant’s stairs. Do not touch her.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, captain,” Marek muttered.
“See that it stays that way, soldier.”
Jalen pulled the door open, making Marek jolt. Kadar was not so easily taken by surprise. He quirked an eyebrow in Jalen’s direction, a smirk floating on his lips when he saw his prince’s still disheveled state. Jalen grumbled to himself. Just once he’d like to startle the usually unflappable captain. 
“A problem?” Jalen asked coldly.
“No, your highness,” Marek answered at once. He averted his eyes to avoid looking at his prince’s disfigurement.
“I took care of it, highness,” Kadar said, giving Marek a dark look.
“Good. Captain, I will talk to you in my room,” Jalen added, before turning and walking back toward his bed.
There, he waited for Kadar’s arrival by doing a few quick stretching exercises. He marvelled at how rested he felt. Usually, after so many hours spent in a rage, his muscles protested for at least another twenty-four hours, despite all his training as a warrior. Today though, he felt perfectly fine.
Had this anything to do with Sadie, he wondered again, frowning.
“You wanted to see me, your highness?” Kadar asked from the doorway, interrupting Jalen’s brooding.
Jalen glanced at him. “Close the door.”
Nodding, Kadar did as he was asked before moving to the center of the room. With a sigh, Jalen rubbed his hands across his face again. He didn’t need to look at a looking glass to know it had progressed again after last night.
“It seems to have spread,” Kadar commented, mirroring his thoughts.
“Yes, I believe so.” Jalen grabbed his mask and put it back on. “Tell me what happened, Kadar.”
“I honestly don’t know, Jalen,” Kadar replied. “I let Sadie in as you’d asked, expecting to keep others out until you were done. Next thing I know, it isn’t you who is calling me to dismiss her, but her calling for assistance with you.” Kadar paused. “I actually accused her of poisoning you. She looked... affronted.”
Jalen snorted. He could picture her clearly, fire-hair sticking out every which way and eyes throwing lightning bolts. 
“She said you fell asleep while she was giving you a massage. Do you think there’s more to it than that?” Kadar asked.
Jalen frowned. “That’s actually a good question. You know as well as I do the rumors that led me to the square.”
“That she’s a magical healer, yes. But your father’s men assured us they had found none alive.”
“That they did. But—” Jalen’s frown deepened “—I’m starting to think I need to do my own investigating into the matter.”
Kadar’s eyebrows shot to his hairline. “Do you believe they lied?”
“At the court of Zammar, anything is possible, my friend, and no amount of back-stabbing would surprise me overmuch.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Find out everything you can about Sadie and the events that landed her on the executioner’s block. I want to know if she really killed that man. And if not, why was she arrested?”
Kadar saluted smartly. “Understood.” Then, he smirked. “For now, I’ll let you get back to bed.”
Jalen made a rude gesture at him half-heartedly. “Go away, Kadar. And don’t come back until you have some answers for me.”
Kadar laughed all the way out of the antechamber.
 
TWO

“So, captain—” Sadie cleared her throat, marshalling her courage. She was bored and going stir-crazy staring at the four walls of her bedroom, as beautiful as that room was. The captain’s presence did little to help her in that regard. He wasn’t the most talkative man. At least, now she knew his name. Kadar ‘Ibn Al-Amar.
“How do I get to those gardens?” she asked while pointing out the arched window.
Kadar glanced out. “Those are an extension of his highness’ personal courtyard. You wish to go there?”
Sadie swallowed hard. Prince Jalen had been avoiding her for the past week. At least, that’s what she assumed since he’d not spoken to her, nor summoned her during that intervening time.
“Is it not permitted?”
“It is permitted, but I must warn you,” Kadar responded, “if you go into that garden, he will know you are there.”
Sadie wondered at the implied threat. Had she angered the prince and that is why he had left her alone? She cocked an eyebrow and gave the captain a questioning glance. “Is that a bad thing? He knows I am in my chamber most of the time, in any case.”
Kadar opened his mouth, on the verge of saying more, but then shook his head and closed it again. In the end, he seemed to think better than to confide in her, which Sadie found passably annoying. He had been the only person to talk to her—aside from the tailor, that is—since the morning of the bath. She simply wished the gruff captain wasn’t so stoic most of the time.  
“No, you are right. Follow me, I’ll show you to the garden,” he finally said.
Not waiting for her answer, he led the way out of her room. Through arched corridors, they made their way to the prince’s chambers. Kadar pushed the door open, and bid her to step in. Sadie expected to see the doors guarded, but no one stood inside the anteroom.
“Shouldn’t this place be guarded? Where’s the prince?” Sadie asked, curious.
“His highness,” the captain answered, his voice clipped, “is presiding at court at the moment,” 
“Oh.”
He next led Sadie through the door to the prince’s bedchamber. As soon as she entered the room, her eyes were drawn to the marble column and his bed platform. She felt blood rush to her cheeks, and she flushed at the memory of her night with the prince. Thinking about it again made her blood heat. She could almost feel his hands on her skin, so very warm. And when they’d caress, and dipped lower... She bit her lower lip. Although she was loath to admit it—even to herself—she’d been waiting for him to summon her again. Hoping. 
“This way,” Kadar interrupted her reverie.
Sadie shook her head and glanced his way. He stared back at her with his clear blue eyes that were all too knowing, and she flushed an even deeper red.
“Er—yes, of course.”
They soon came to another carved sandalwood door, which he pushed open for Sadie. He let her precede him and fell into step behind her as she walked down the flight of white limestone stairs leading to the garden. 
By now, Sadie was used to the constant company of a guard following her around—mostly the captain or a young lieutenant named Yusuf—so Kadar following at a discreet distance didn’t make her as uncomfortable as it had the first few days. She was determined to enjoy the gardens, and specifically wanted to find the artificial pond that her room overlooked. 
She spent several minutes wandering the paths, enjoying the flowers and greenery—both things she saw little of in the dusty area of town where her house and shop were situated—before she finally came to the pool she sought. 
“Captain?” Sadie asked.
“Yes?”
“Will the gardener be overly upset if I soak my feet in this pond?” 
“Upset? Yes.”
“But overly upset?”
Kadar’s lips twitched. “It has been known to happen, although some have pursued the activity regardless.”
Sadie couldn’t picture the prince walking in the pool just to irritate the staff. It lacked a certain decorum.
“His highness has held these rooms since he was out of the nursery,” he added as an explanation.
An image flashed in Sadie’s mind of the prince as a little boy stomping into the pool and getting himself drenched, all in retaliation of some perceived slight from a tutor. 
She glanced at the captain and noticed a smirk lurking just underneath his stoic expression. Not for the first time since arriving at the palace, she wondered about the two men’s relationship. He seemed to foster more than the usual sense of loyalty towards the prince.
“Have you been with the prince long?” 
“Yes.”
She sighed. It was such a struggle to get him to talk to her.
“I have always been a part of his highness’ personal guard,” he added after a long silence.
“So you know him well then?” Maybe he would know why the prince was ignoring her.
Kadar’s expression grew shuttered and he answered in a tone that indicated the subject was closed. “Well enough.”
Sadie forced herself to smile, and nodded. She recognized the dismissal, and let it go. There was no point in alienating her only talkative companion. 
She sat on the edge of the pool and flashed him a cheeky grin before sliding her embroidered slippers off her feet and dunking her toes in the water. It was not as refreshing as she’d hoped. The sun had already warmed the shallow pond, even though it wasn’t even midday yet.
Still, Sadie kept splashing water around and watched the nenuphar flowers sway gently with each wave she created. 

***

Jalen stalked through the antechamber and into his bedroom, ready to fling his ceremonial scimitar at a wall. Of all things! he groused. That nap he’d taken the week before was still causing him troubles with his father the king. King Jameyri had increased Jalen’s time presiding over the royal courts. “To ready him for kingship,” he’d said. “Not taking his duties as prince seriously enough,” he’d said. Jalen growled in frustration.
To add insult to injury, the king and his new queen were discussing a royal alliance to Princess Ahnanti’s family—which meant a marriage to the princess for Jalen. That woman looked like a goat in a dress! And had the intelligence to match... Jalen snorted in disgust. He was certain his father planned to have a grandson on the way before the madness took over completely. 
Jalen grumbled. It wasn’t like the king didn’t already have an heir in the event of Jalen’s death. The new queen had produced a healthy half-brother only nine months after her marriage to the king. But he understood the need to further secure the succession through him. He just didn’t agree on the king’s choice of bride. 
Blistering suns!
He unbuckled the belt holding the ceremonial sword to his waist. He slid the scabbard off and  set the scimitar down on a low table. Grabbing his usual blade, he strapped it on in place of the decorative one he’d just discarded. He was a soldier, not a courtier, and much preferred his own—deadly—weapons­.
He was just about to turn around when his hand stilled mid-buckling. Something felt different about the room. He sniffed the air warily, sliding his sword free of its scabbard. The air had been disturbed recently. He smelled an underlying aroma of flowers in bloom floating around, sweet and spicy. Jalen swivelled around, using all of his senses, physical and otherwise, to search for an immediate threat. He encountered none, and relaxed an iota. 
That’s when he heard the light timbre of Sadie’s voice coming from outside. From his garden.
Jalen bit down on his annoyance. Why did she have to choose my garden and why today? 
The beast began to uncoil. It would like nothing more than to take control. With effort, he fought the sensation back. Once he had regained control over himself, he ran a hand through his hair with a disheartened groan. It had been a week since the last episode, but it was foolish to hope the madness would stay quiescent for much longer. 
The “threat” now identified, Jalen sheathed his scimitar again and strode out into the garden. Sadie might be what he needed after all. Of course, he would make sure his little interloper paid for her uninvited visit to his personal sanctuary. He grinned at the thought of prolonging her release. 
Oh yes, she would pay.
He followed his ears and finally found her dangling her feet in one of the garden’s artfully landscaped ponds. She looked so innocent gently splashing the water and causing ripples across the surface. Jalen felt his groin getting heavier in answer to the image she presented. 
As he watched, she turned to look at Kadar, and smiled at him, saying something he couldn’t hear from where he stood. Jalen felt a stab of jealousy and envy at the sight. He could see plainly the growing familiarity between his captain and his new prize. Keeping her at a distance this past week had been a mistake.
When Sadie looked back at her feet, Kadar turned and acknowledged Jalen’s approach with a small salute. With a twitch of his head, Jalen indicated he should move off, and he took Kadar’s place behind Sadie. Then, he waited for her to realize the switch.
“Say, captain? Do you think the gardener will be annoyed if I took one of those nenuphar flowers to bring back to my room?” she asked after a minute of observing the lilies to her right. 
Yes, the gardener would be annoyed, Jalen thought, amused in spite of himself. That is what the royal greenhouses were for—not the gardens. 
“Captain?” 
Sadie turned her head to see why Kadar was not answering, and jerked in surprise when she noticed him there instead. 
Jalen had to hide a smirk at her reaction. She was so expressive; her gaze hid nothing of her thoughts and emotions. He watched as she raked his body with half-hooded eyes, her expression dreamy. She licked her lips, unconsciously sensual, and his cock twitched. 
She had missed his attentions, then? 
Good. 
Yes, leaving her alone for the week had been a mistake. His mind flashed back to the memory of his hands gliding along her silky smooth skin, and to her wetness as she rocked back and forth in his hands. He looked forward to teasing her until she begged for her release. 
“My prince,” she greeted him somewhat coolly. Where her gaze was open and communicative, her tone was shuttered and wary.
Jalen almost laughed out loud at her attempt at coldness, but suppressed the reaction with a frown. All the same, it was so refreshing to meet a woman who didn’t know how to act. Her eyes didn’t lie, and his little firebrand was everything but cold and deceitful. 
Every moan, pant, whimper, or cry, every movement from her lush body as she writhed in his hands, was genuine.
He wouldn’t deny himself today. 
“Making yourself at home in my garden?” he commented, keeping his voice neutral.
“You did say I could go anywhere in this wing, did you not?”
His eyes narrowed in response. So that’s how it would be today. She wanted to challenge him. “Stand up and come here,” he ordered.
Sadie slipped her feet from the water and stood up. Her back ramrod straight, she walked the few steps between her perch on the edge of the pond and where he stood. Today, she was wearing one of the new dresses he had commissioned in a style similar to the one she’d worn on that first night. But this time, it was richly embroidered and the ties were sturdier. She looked good.
In spite of this, Jalen couldn’t wipe from his mind the image of her wearing his silk robe as she sashayed her way inside his private bathing chamber. She had been a sight to behold. Her, wearing his clothes. Mine, his mind growled. 
“This dress suits you,” he said, chasing the memory—and his reaction to it—away.
“It is nice to have something more appropriate to wear than your robe.”
“Indeed,” he agreed with her. “Now turn around.”
She looked at him with a confused expression and, after a moment of hesitation, she faced away from him. He closed the distance between them and leaned in to breathe in her scent. She’d been visiting his bathing room, he found out. He detected the spicy fragrance of his soap on her skin. Underneath it, there was another fainter, tangy scent. 
That scent had been absent their first night. It took him a moment to place it. It was the scent of the contraceptive herb. All the palace oholibahs—Zammar’s prized courtesans—smelled of it, and if they didn’t, it was because they wished for a high-born bastard. A man came to recognize that scent on a woman if he wanted to prevent such an occurrence from happening. 
“Don’t move,” he whispered in her ear.
He slid a handkerchief from his pocket, the black silk smooth and soft in his hands. An idea flashed in his mind. He had told Sadie that first night she would look ravishing tied and blindfolded. And, here, now, in his hand was the perfect chance to enact part of that promise.
A smile tugged at Jalen’s lips. Her arousal would be all the more intense if he removed her sight. But first, a little get-to-know-you game was in order. Then he’d feast. He folded the fabric and slid it over Sadie’s eyes, making sure to tie it securely behind her head before stepping away from her again.
Sadie immediately froze, tensing up. Jalen would let her have a moment to adjust before asking his first question. 
He quietly circled her as her breathing slowed back down and her shoulders relaxed somewhat. When she’d calmed enough he stepped forward, brushing his lips across the soft spot behind her ear. He felt her shiver. 
“I want to know a few things,” he told her. “You will answer truthfully, yes?”
Her breath hitched in her throat as she nodded. 
He ran his fingers down her arm and she turned her head toward the motion. 
“Don’t lie to me. I will know.”
“I don’t tell tales,” she ground out, sounding miffed.
He asked the first question that came to his mind, not pausing to think about why he wanted to hear her say it even though he already knew the answer. “Are you looking to have a royal bastard?”
“What? No.” Sadie shook her head. “I take precautions against it.”
“See that you continue doing so.”
“I will,” Sadie snapped at him. “The thought of falling pregnant with your bastard, only to see the babe taken away from me by some palace attendant as soon as it’s born, doesn’t fill me with any kind of enthusiasm,” she responded, vehement. After a pause, she added in a low voice, “I would want to keep my baby.”
Again with her insolence. No other woman had ever dared talk to him this way. And yet he found himself liking her more and more for it. His prize. She amused him, kept him guessing what she would say next.
Jalen walked behind her, as silent as a sandcat intent on its prey. He liked how she tilted her head to follow his footsteps. Her attempts to follow his movements thrilled him.  
He took his hands and ran them through the silky strands of her hair, watching as the sun reflected off of it and making it look like it had caught fire. He ran the tip of a lock between his thumb and forefinger and brought it to his nose. Sadie stood immobile, waiting, and—according to her breathing—slightly on edge.
He savored her tension. Oh, how she would scream in ecstasy when he finally helped her find release from all this pent-up energy. 
He ran his hands down her back until he cupped her ass in his hands. “You are a healer,” he said more than asked. Maybe she could confirm the rumors.
“Yes,” she replied readily. 
And did he detect a slight breathless quality to her answer? She was reacting to his touch better than he’d originally thought. 
“I set bones and treated muscle strains when farmers and townspeople injured themselves. I also used to provide the women that same herb you have been so thoughtful as to add to my morning herbal tea. And if it failed, I aided with the babe’s delivery. I had only a small shop, but I was getting by.”
It was as he expected. Sadie was no magical healer but a simple common-born herbalist and midwife. He shoved his disappointment aside. It didn’t matter. He’d known the answer before he asked the question. Jalen stepped closer, brushed her hair to the side and nibbled on her neck. Her skin twitched in response and she inhaled sharply.
In between soft bites he asked, “Your parents?” 
Although it hadn’t started that way, he found himself curious about her background.
“Dead, both of them,” she answered, her voice wavering.
Most likely from sadness, he thought, and placed another kiss behind her ear before stepping away. 
“My father died in the field. My mother was pregnant at the time. She knew that having another babe at her age was dangerous, but with Father gone she wanted that last reminder of him.” She sighed deeply. “She died in childbirth and I was unable to save her or my little brother.” 
“How long ago?”
Sadie turned her head in the direction of his voice, but he’d already moved from that spot. “Two years... almost three now.”
She had been barely nineteen then. So very young to be alone in the world. He was surprised she hadn’t decided to get married right away. With her beauty, he was certain a man would have taken her in despite her lack of a family.
The thought made the him restless. And jealous. A deep breath allowed him to calm his emotions again.
“Any other family?”
Sadie’s answer was quiet. “No.”
Silence fell between them, and he took her arm. He led her farther into the garden. He had in mind a more secluded spot for this next part.  
He studied Sadie as they walked. She appeared distracted, brooding.
“Tell me about the man you killed,” he commanded, wanting the fire in her voice to return instead of the sadness that tinged it when she had spoken.
Sadie stopped dead in her tracks. “I told you. I didn’t kill him.”
He knew immediately it wasn’t a subject she wished to discuss. It made him all the more curious about it. Kadar had yet to report anything to him about her arrest, and he wanted Sadie to explain the events to him.
Jalen turned and held her arms in his hands. His lips rested against her collarbone, and he nibbled and kissed his way up to her ear. “Then tell me what happened.” 
For a moment, he thought she wouldn’t answer. She was facing away and he felt her tense as if about to flee. She sighed, resigned.
“A man came into my shop, saying his wife was about to give birth and she needed me at once. Something... something seemed wrong. He was too calm. But he had no reason to be lying.” She took a shaky breath. “Against my better judgment, I grabbed my satchel and left with him.”
The beast stirred inside him, awakened by the thought of blood. Jalen clenched his teeth in anger. He had already guessed where her tale was heading and wanted that man’s balls on a silver platter.
“My... my prince?” Sadie asked, breaking into his brooding.
He blinked, realizing he was holding her arms much too tightly and was probably hurting her.
“Continue,” he said, relaxing his hold again.
She turned her face away from him again. “There isn’t much to say. We came to an empty spot and he attacked me. I—” she hesitated, appearing to think her next words very carefully before she went on “—I fought him off and ran away. The man was alive when I fled, I swear. I thought nothing more of it until the magistrate and those soldiers knocked at my door the next morning, accusing me of murder.”
“I see.”
She was agitated, her nervous energy communicated in the slight tremors he felt coursing through her. Time to change the subject, and turn those tremors from fear to lust. Finally get to taste her, just like he had wanted to since he’d last had her writhing in pleasure for him.
He let go of her arm to better grab her by the shoulders, moving her so she would face him. 
She turned her blindfolded eyes toward him, as if she could read his intentions even through the fabric. Jalen smiled. She would find out what he planned soon enough. 
“You have answered my questions,” he told her. “Now, we get to have a little fun.”
Sadie licked her lips at his words, and Jalen’s eyes followed the swirl of that pink tongue until it disappeared. He leaned forward and murmured, “Did your first lover ever do this?”
He slid his hands down her side and under her embroidered kamiz. He felt her break into goosebumps as he ran his thumbs up her rib cage, toward her breasts, pulling her shirt up in the process. When he reached them, he cupped both of them in his hand—they were the perfect size to fill his palms—and rolled her pebbled nipples under his thumbs. Their texture, so soft despite of their tautness, made him ache to take them in his mouth. 
Her little mewling noises sent electric shocks through his body, and his cock grew hard at the thought of burying himself inside her. Jalen no longer held back his growing lust. 

***

“What about this,” Prince Jalen all but growled in Sadie’s ear.
He slid her kamiz higher and suckled at her right nipple.
Sadie gasped at the slight pain when the prince nipped at her nipple, and she moaned when he soothed the discomfort away with his warm tongue. The sensations sent liquid heat through her veins all the way down to her sex. When her knees threatened to buckle, she clutched at the prince, uncaring of what she held onto. 
After a week apart, she’d grown to believe the intensity of her desire was a fabrication of her own mind. A way to cope with her new station in life. But nothing had changed. He’d barely touched her, and already she wanted to be filled by him, to have him posses her.  
She was growing wet, needy, and she didn’t think she could stay upright much longer. She throbbed for him, and this after he’d only touched her breasts. He did something to her; something profound and a little frightening. 
Her knees almost gave out completely when he breathed softly on her other nipple, before taking it in his mouth. A soft cry escaped her lips.
“Step back,” Prince Jalen ordered her, and she complied shakily.
The prince guided her and kept her from falling when the back of her calves hit the side of a stone bench. She sat down and she felt Prince Jalen kneel between her legs, his mouth never leaving her breast. He went from suckling on her nipple to lazily trail open-mouthed kisses along her ribs, and she thought she’d forget how to breathe. 
She felt each sensation deep in her belly, from the nips at her skin to the rasp of Prince Jalen’s shirt as it brushed against her knees; every one caused her muscles to tighten and sent shivers down her spine. 
His hand travelled up her leg, pulling her skirt up with it until it bunched around her hips. His fingers soon found the bud of her clitoris. He started rubbing against the sensitive bit of flesh, pressing down and opening her with the rest of his fingers. 
His mouth lingered in the region of her belly button, his tongue lavishing it with attention, while his fingers continued their slow awakening of her sex. Sadie wanted to twitch, to get away from the storm that grew inside her. Sweat beaded on her forehead and between her breasts and she gripped the edges of the bench to keep herself steady.
Then, he stopped. She groaned. Why had he stopped?
“You did not answer my question.” 
Question? What question? Her thoughts scattered and her mind concentrated only on his hands and mouth; she couldn’t remember him asking her a question.
“Did your first lover ever do this?” he asked again. Then, she felt him smirk against her stomach. “When you answer, I will show you more.”
Sadie opened and closed her mouth, trying to find her voice again. All she wanted was for him to continue. Needed it desperately.
“So?” Prince Jalen coaxed her.
“No. No, he didn’t do this to me,” she whispered. 
No one had. Only him.
“Good,” he said against her stomach, and slid two fingers inside her.
Sadie arched back and bit down on a moan.
“That’s it,” he crooned.
He gently forced her legs open wider and removed his mouth from her belly. For a moment, Sadie felt nothing but his fingers moving inside her, then the scratch of his whiskers just before he nipped at her inner thigh. She gasped. From there, his tongue traced a path ever upward, toward her sex. 
“My prince, what are you—” she started, not sure what he planned.
Then he took his fingers away and ran his tongue along her folds, lapping at her bud before sucking it. Sadie cried out in surprised pleasure.
“I want to hear you scream,” Prince Jalen murmured, the feel of his soft breath against her wet folds heightening her sensitivity even more.
She whimpered—overcome by the intensity of this new sensation of his tongue pleasuring her—and he chuckled. He started alternatively suckling and licking, his fingers sliding once again inside her and rubbing against that oh-so-pleasurable spot that made her want to melt from the inside out. 
Heat was building inside; she was drowning in her own pleasure.
“You taste wonderful,” he whispered.
“Please,” she moaned back, not certain what she was pleading for anymore.
“Please what?”
“Don’t—Don’t stop!” She grabbed at the first thing she found, wanting to urge him on. She could feel it, mounting... it would take it so little for her to shatter completely.
He chuckled, and waited one more tortuous moment before he went back to his ministrations. One more swirl of his tongue and thrust of his fingers and it was all over for her. Pleasure crashed through her senses, and her world exploded into a thousand shards of light. The sound of her throaty scream echoed in her ears. Her body continued spasming long after her climax died down. As her mind focused again on her surroundings, she realized her hands were buried in Prince Jalen’s hair, holding him in place. 
He finally let go of her now over-sensitive bud and lapped at her sex one more time. Gently, she unwound her fingers from his hair and went to grab the blindfold.
“Leave it. I’m not done yet.”
Sadie nodded and redirected her hands to the bench behind her for support. She tried to catch her breath while her body still sang with the aftermath of her release.
Prince Jalen finally moved away from her and she heard clothing rustling from somewhere close, then a clank of something metallic hitting the ground. Prince Jalen was disrobing, getting ready to seek his own pleasure. For the second time now, he had brought her to orgasm before he buried himself inside her, and she didn’t understand why. There was no reason for him to make sure she received pleasure from their encounters. He could simply take what he wanted and there was nothing she could have done to stop him.
Well, she could stop him. But then she would be breaking her agreement. She had already given him her word, and she would honor it. 
He stepped near her again and grabbed her legs to pull her closer to the edge of the bench. He lifted her thighs. One leg he wrapped around his waist, the other he slung over his shoulder. Her ankle rubbed against the linen fabric of his pants, bunched around his knees. The fabric of his shirt bumped against her other thigh. She decided he’d left his shirt on, but let it hang open.
Prince Jalen leaned forward, his lips brushing against her neck, and his cock pressed to her entrance. She moaned, the small muscles of her sex clenching in anticipation of being filled by him. He felt just as enticing as the first time, and her body was so eager for him. She wanted
his hard length thrusting inside her, driving her crazy with pleasure as he sought release within her body. 
She wiggled her hips, trying to get the tip of his cock to slip inside. 
“So eager for more,” he said, sounding breathless, like he was fighting with himself not to simply impale her. 
“Yes,” she responded in a barely audible whisper. “More...”
Blistering suns! She wanted him.
It was as if a dam broke. In one deep thrust, he was inside her, filling her until she thought she would scream from the fullness of him. He started rocking his hips, first slowly, then with more vigor. With each motion, he moaned in pleasure. Over their combined noises, Sadie heard someone clearing their throat. “Your highness?” A voice called from somewhere close by.
Sadie froze. Who was there? Whoever it was would see her with her legs in the air, moaning wantonly as Prince Jalen thrusted inside her. She flushed in shame and tried to push him away to right herself. 
“Not now,” the prince growled to the interloper. 
He stopped moving inside her, the loss leaving her strangely bereft despite her current embarrassment. She felt him change his position and wrap an arm more tightly around her in an attempt to shield her from view. 
“Your highness!” the voice called out louder.
“Five minutes, Kadar! Give me five minutes,” Prince Jalen ground out.
Sadie tried to sit up again.
“Don’t move,” the prince rasped. “Stay still or I will not be able to...” He hissed a curse when she repositioned her hips. “Woman, stop moving! This is more difficult than you seem to realize.” 
“But there’s somebody watching!” Sadie protested. She was beyond mortified. How could he be this callous? Her mind pictured Marek—that pig—and the other guards observing them. 
“Sadie, stop. No one is watching.”
“But the captain is talking to you!” she said through gritted teeth.
Prince Jalen breathed a sigh. “He’s around the corner. He’s not watching. Take off the blindfold if you need proof.” He paused when she once again tried to pull away, and she heard him inhale sharply. He grabbed her hips to keep her from moving. “Blistering suns, don’t move,” he hissed. He added with a groan, “You’re killing me.”
Sadie wanted to trust him. Hoped with all her heart no one watched them. 
She took a few calming breaths. She could choose to believe him, or take the blindfold off and show she thought him a liar. In the end, she came to the conclusion that she preferred not knowing if anyone watched. 
“I... believe you,” she said.
Prince Jalen pulled her closer to him. His hands relaxed their grip on her hips and he started moving inside her again, slowly at first and then with more forceful motions.
She began to moan, incapable of staying quiet any longer.
“That’s right. Relax,” he crooned. “Let yourself enjoy it...” 
His fingers found her bud again and he started to fondle it, drawing circles around it. After a while, she felt her lower belly growing tight, and she started panting, moaning, forgetting all about possible witnesses.
“Come for me again, Sadie,” the prince groaned. 
For the second time that morning Sadie unraveled, and Prince Jalen grunted his release seconds later. Spent, he rested his head on her shoulder, his panting breaths tickling her neck. 
“Your highness...” Kadar interrupted again a few moments later, his voice laced with irritation.
The prince hid his face deeper into her neck, seemingly unwilling to answer.
“Jalen!” Kadar’s annoyance was growing awkward.
“Perhaps you should answer?” Sadie suggested shyly.
Pulling his head from her neck, Prince Jalen snapped, “What?”   
“The King is almost to your apartments.” 
Prince Jalen sighed heavily. “Stall him. I’ll be right there,” he told Kadar. 
He slid his body from hers and she heard him stand. 
Sadie grabbed for the blindfold and slid it off her head. Finally able to see again, she was just in time to see the prince buckle his sword belt on. 
His shirt still hung open and partially buttoned. Her eyes lingered on his exposed chest. She had to drag them upward again, and when she met his gaze, he smirked with what she thought was deep satisfaction. 
Mustering the energy to form a retort was too much, and Sadie still felt completely boneless. She wished to stay on that bench for an eternity, but he didn’t leave her that opportunity. He grabbed her hands and helped her stand up. He then set her skirt and kamiz to rights, before giving her one last once-over. 
He nodded, seemingly satisfied. 
“Stay in the garden,” he told her, and pushed a strand of her hair back behind her ear in what was a strangely affectionate gesture. “Kadar will see you to your room once it’s safe to do so.”
On those words, he stalked away, leaving her alone with her thoughts once more.
 
THREE

Jalen was pacing his room, still incensed about his father’s latest attempt to convince him to marry, when he felt the air stir from the door to his bedroom opening. Without looking to check the newcomer he asked, “Is Sadie secure in her room?”
“Yes,” Kadar answered as he closed the door behind him. “You wanted to see me?”
Finally Jalen turned to look at Kadar. “Yes. Do you have anything to report about your investigation?” He ran his hand through his hair. He still could feel Sadie gripping it with both hands. 
Jalen felt tired. He always did after talking to his father.  
“I’m following a few leads. There is still no proof she has ever used magic to heal, but she was well liked until her arrest,” he replied.
“I see,” Jalen replied. He had expected to feel more disappointed. Instead, he just felt... empty. “It doesn’t matter. It was always a long shot.”
“Jalen—”
“What else?” Jalen interrupted, his voice harsh. The subject was close.
“It would seem the man she was accused of killing might still live.”
The beast growled from behind the protective walls Jalen built in his mind. If the man lived he could still punish him for harming his Sadie. “Any clues as to why she was tried for murder, then? Jealous housewife? That thug protecting his own skin?”
“No. But someone claims they saw him outside the city walls. I have someone following that lead.”
Jalen unbelted his sword and set it on the table next to his ceremonial one. Why would someone want her executed, then? “Was she a victim of mistaken identity?” 
Kadar thought about it. “No. She was targeted specifically.” He paused before continuing further, “But the only proof I have is that the man who she supposedly killed has been known to take odd jobs as a mercenary and isn’t local. He was obviously hired by someone to either hurt or kill her.”
He hadn’t counted on her being quite a firebrand, Jalen thought, an unheeded sense of pride blossoming at the thought. He could see her taking on her attacker and rendering him helpless as she made her escape. 
Kadar added, “At this point, though, it’s all speculation and I haven’t found anything more about his contract or who might have hired him.” He smirked. “But I will as soon as I find him.” 
“Good job, Kadar,” Jalen said, his mind processing this new information. He didn’t like his conclusion one bit. He would need more proof before he was certain, however. “Your report doesn’t answer our questions. Only creates new ones.” 
“It does,” Kadar replied.
He took off his mask to rub his hand across his face. His skin itched, the swirling tattoo-like mark he hid from the world burning and throbbing. He looked in the looking glass adorning the wall and suppressed a sigh. The mark was growing again. 
He turned back to Kadar. “Keep looking,” he commanded.
Kadar nodded and turned to leave, but Jalen stopped him again. “Nice touch—earlier—having Isra in my bed.”
“I had to do something,” Kadar answered. “You were going to receive the king reeking of sex, and with no time to disguise that fact. You know he would investigate who graced your bed. At least Isra is discreet. If you don’t want Sadie found, you need to not call attention to yourself. No matter how loudly she screams your name.”
Jalen smirked. It had been worth it.
And she had screamed his name. He didn’t think she realized she’d done it.
“Will that be all?” Kadar asked, about to take his leave.
“Just make sure Serafah informs the gardener of my request.” 
“Understood.”
 
EPILOGUE

Sadie ran her hands through her still damp hair, combing her fingers through the tangled strands. She hurried down the corridor—barefoot—returning to her room after using the prince’s bathing room. After Kadar returned to the garden to lead her back inside, she’d spent one blissful hour there bathing and washing away the evidences of Prince Jalen’s attentions. 
She felt a shiver of arousal course through her body at the memory of their morning together. How did this man—one who for all intents and purposes had bought her life for a year—manage to make her desire him so much? She didn’t understand herself anymore. 
A second later, she recalled Kadar’s arrival on the scene and flushed at the memory of his interruption. Of course, the prince had been totally unphased. She assumed he was used to an audience. He’d grown up with attendants surrounding him, so a few trusted guards probably went unnoticed. 
She sighed. There was no way to hide the fact the prince bedded her anymore. Not that there had been much hope of it in the first place. 
As Sadie reached her door she glanced back at Yusuf, who was currently assigned as her guard. He looked back at her, his expression neutral, and she sighed again. Yusuf was even less talkative than Kadar, if that were possible, and he exuded disapproval at her presence here. But he was too much of a professional to say anything. He would know the prince wouldn’t accept such insubordination from his own men.
She expected a quiet and boring evening with no one to talk to. At least she had a light supper to look forward to. She expected the meal to have already been delivered to her chambers.
Pushing the door to her room open, she stepped inside and stopped in her tracks. While she was gone, someone had entered the room. On her low dining table now sat a decorative glass bowl filled with crystal clear water.
In its center floated a single nenuphar flower in full bloom.
 
SMOLDERING:
ONE

Sadie collapsed onto the heir of Zammar’s bed platform, breathless. Prince Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri’s chest was pressed to her back and the sound of their combined panting was all she heard. Her body still trembled from the aftershocks of one more explosive orgasm, and she had to consciously unclench her fingers from where they were gripping the bedding.
As she regained her senses, she realized Jalen—calling him prince in the recesses of her own mind was getting harder every day—was dancing butterfly kisses along her shoulders and neck as his labored breathing slowed back to its natural rhythm. Each tiny kiss sent shivers down her spine, reminding her of how he could make her feel.  
She marveled at how he could coax her to climax time and time again. It didn’t matter how sated she felt, he had ways to make her body sing with his touch and his mouth. She didn’t know why he even bothered to try, but she was thankful for that fact. She didn’t think she would have been able to keep up with his appetites otherwise.
If someone had asked her a month ago if she looked forward to becoming Prince Jalen’s favorite lover, she would have scoffed. She’d only agreed to be his distraction to save her life. She never expected to like his attentions. But she did. Craved them even. She even enjoyed them when he was rough and demanding.   
She never anticipated her quiet life spent tending to her sick or hurt neighbors would be upended so thoroughly. There had been the attack, the imprisonment, and the trial. Then, the verdict: death by decapitation, no chance to appeal. She had been seconds away from death when Jalen had intervened, buying her service as a diversion for year in exchange for her life when that time had elapsed. And now, here she was, living in his wing of the royal palace, pampered and protected.
In spite of the peculiarity of her new life, she found herself happier than she’d been since her parents’ death almost three years ago. It was quite strange, frankly, and not something she really wanted to dwell on. Jalen showed her all the care she could ever hope for from a man such as him. In exchange, she learned all she could about his tastes and desires. There were times when it seemed like what she’d learned wasn’t enough. Sometimes it felt like Prince Jalen held back.
He was insatiable.
After that first week living in the palace—a week Jalen had spent avoiding her for some reason—he had come to find her almost every day, sometimes several times a day. And he didn’t seem to care about their location: the gardens, the baths, his room, hers. There had even been that one time in the hallway leading to his chambers where he’d taken her against a wall. Sadie both blushed and smiled wistfully at the memory. 
Nevertheless, a cloud hung over her otherwise contented existence. Sadie knew Jalen was ill. 
She didn’t know what was wrong with him, but he always sent her away before he disappeared for the night, only to reappear the next day, exhausted and his muscles worked to the point of injury.
So she used her healing energy any time he let his guard down. It was never enough to heal him completely, but it did ease his pain. Sadie wanted to do more, but she didn’t know how to bring up the subject. He kept her at a distance. She was only a welcome distraction to him, after all. His little firebrand.
I can’t lose my heart, she reminded herself. But not caring was getting harder every day.
“Sleep while you can, little firebrand. I’m not through with you yet,” Jalen whispered in her ear, ending her musing. Her skin grew tingly at the promise contained in those few words.
Jalen shifted his weight off her back and his now soft cock slipped free of her body. She sighed, still not used to the sense of loss the action created. He held onto her hips and pulled her onto her side, then wrapped his arm around her waist to hold her close. Perhaps she should rest. He may not let her get another chance.
She snuggled back more comfortably against him and pulled his arm up between her breasts, using it like a blanket.
Jalen pulled his hand free and cupped her breast in it. He gave it a gentle squeeze and ran his thumb across her nipple, making it grow taut. In spite of how tired she felt, her breath caught in her throat, and she moaned softly. 
The prince chuckled. “Not done with you yet at all,” he whispered.
He let his hand rest possessively on her breast, and Sadie’s last recollection before she fell asleep was of his warmth surrounding her.

***

The beast within Jalen’s mind was still and silent, satiated for the moment. Increasingly, it urged Jalen to take what he wanted, when he wanted it. It threatened his very sanity. Jalen was still in control, at least for now, and still able to keep the beast quiet by channeling it through rage filled nights or lust filled days. He didn’t know how long this would last. The sickness was progressing faster than he had hoped. Soon—a few weeks, a few months at best—he wouldn’t be able to resist it anymore.
One thing helped him hang on to his sanity. Jalen found clarity from the madness every time he bedded Sadie. For that reason, he kept her near and naked as often as his duties around the palace would allow. He sometimes had to remind himself that he should give her time to rest lest he end up hurting her by accident.
Jalen was contemplating waking Sadie for another round of bedplay when a soft knock on the bedroom door interrupted him. He gently disentangled himself from Sadie’s sleeping form, and sat on the edge of the bed.
He looked down on her as she snuggled her hand closer to her face. Mine! the beast in his chest growled. Jalen agreed. She was his.
He realized his hands were gripping the bedcover tightly enough his knuckles had turned white. Jalen cursed, annoyed at his growing inability to separate the curse’s influence from his own desires. He had to force himself to release his grasp on the edge of the bed. He turned and grabbed his discarded wrap pants from the floor. He hastily pulled them on before he strode toward the door. 
He opened it to see Kadar standing on the other side. He’d known Kadar for years and fought side by side with him, so he knew the man must have news to share or he wouldn’t interrupt him while Sadie was in the room. “You have something to report?” he asked, frowning.
“Yes,” Kadar answered.
“Can’t it wait?”
“I thought you’d want to hear about this at once.”
“All right.”
Jalen stepped outside and reached back to pull the door closed behind him. As he did so, it didn’t escape his notice that Marek, on duty guarding his chambers, turned his head just enough so he could see inside using his peripheral vision. He knew Sadie’s naked form was within the man’s line of sight.  
The rage swirled higher and the beast growled again, Mine! Jalen took a steadying breath, forcing the rage to the back of his mind. Jalen longed to oust Marek from his entourage. Unfortunately the man’s position within the palace was secure or he would have been dismissed that first day. In any case, he had to admit Kadar had managed to keep Marek in line. There had been no more reports of improper behavior towards Sadie.
The beast blustered, Mine! one more time before falling silent.   
“We found him,” Kadar said, bringing Jalen’s attention back to him. “The mercenary who attacked Sadie. We finally found him.”
The beast flexed in pleasure at the news.
“We’re transporting him to the city jail for a more thorough interrogation—” Kadar’s eyes lit with the excitement of the hunt “—but I couldn’t wait to extract an initial report.” 
Jalen could picture the process. He’d seen Kadar work before.
He glanced around the room. Marek’s eyes held too much interest. Normal curiosity? Or something more? 
Jalen turned to Baqi, Fahd, and Marek and dismissed them. “You are relieved of duty for a half-hour. Seek your leisure elsewhere.” He waited until they quit the room before turning to Kadar. “And?”
“She’s not the only healer within the city—or surrounding towns—that has been targeted. Someone wants all the healers dead.” 
Jalen straightened, his expression sharpening. “All healers?”
“Yes. We knew about the magical healers, but even some of the herbalists, like Sadie, have been targeted.”
Interesting. And worrisome. Why would someone target healers? He had the sinking suspicion someone was making damn sure he didn’t find a cure.
“Do you know who ordered the purge?” he asked Kadar tightly.
Kadar shook his head. “Not yet. There are rumors circulating of bribes being given to some bureaucrats like the one in charge of Sadie’s trial, but no one’s been implicated. I’m hoping our prisoner can shed some light into the matter.”
Someone had bribed people to get rid of his little firebrand. Jalen felt the beast inside his mind press at his control. It was with great difficulty that he suppressed his emotions.
“Is that all?” he inquired when Kadar made no move to leave.
Kadar hesitated. “There must be more to your Sadie than you know,” he finally said. “I wouldn’t be surprised if she possessed magical abilities of her own.”
A magical healer? No. She couldn’t be. He wouldn’t allow himself to hope for the impossible.
“She’s not,” Jalen said at once.
“Did you ask her?”
“Yes. I did a month ago. She listed the things she did in her shop. All herbalist remedies.” He dismissed Kadar’s question. “She’s no magical healer, no matter how much I would want her to be.”
“I think you’re wrong, Jalen. What about the massage?"
"I was exhausted. Her massage relaxed me. Nothing more."
Undeterred, Kadar forged on. “Before her death, Sadie's mother used to have quite a reputation for her almost miraculous ability to heal just about any injury or illness. Rumors are that your Sadie inherited more than her mother’s shop—”
The beast growled in irritation at Kadar’s continued insistence. It didn’t want to listen, and it forced itself forward. “Enough,” Jalen snapped, his ears buzzing from its proximity, distracting him. “I don’t want to hear another word on this subject.” Did he? Or was it the curse’s influence that made him think this way? He shook away the self-doubt.
Kadar frowned at him and opened his mouth to protest. Jalen didn’t want to hear it. “Back to your post, captain,” he ordered. Kadar did not respond.
Jalen’s anger grew. He did a quick check to see if his hands trembled. He relaxed an iota when he did not detect any tell-tale signs that an episode was imminent. He still had time for another round with Sadie. Maybe two. It might even clear his head of the incessant buzzing the beast created.
“Send her away for the night, Jalen,” Kadar implored.
Jalen focused on his friend again. 
“Your eyes—” Kadar hesitated “—your neck... It’s waking. You’ll put her in danger. Send her away.” 
No! 
Jalen felt in control. Did he not just confirm his hands were steady? So he chose to ignore the request and stalked back into his bedroom, using a whisper of power to slam the door behind him.

***

Sadie jerked awake to the sound of a door slamming shut. She blinked, confused and still half asleep. 
Something felt wrong.
She rolled over to face the door, trying to stifle a yawn. Jalen was walking—no, stalking—back toward the bed, and the sight sent a shiver of dread down her spine. He looked like a dangerous sandcat ready to pounce.
Sadie pushed herself upright. “What’s wrong?” she asked.
Sadie knew he didn’t like to be questioned, but sometimes she coaxed a few answers from him. This time however, he didn’t answer her. Instead, upon reaching her, he bent down and grabbed her chin in his hand, tilting her face upward. 
Her eyes searched his. “What—” 
“I need you,” Jalen growled. “Right now.”
Sadie’s mouth snapped shut and she frowned. He didn’t sound like himself.
“What’s wrong?” she asked again, more insistently this time.
Without answering her, Jalen started trailing his mouth down her throat, all the while tugging at her legs until they hung over the edge of his bed. He grabbed her hips and pressed her backwards. His hand had already dipped between her thighs and cupped her sex, while his lips left a trail of kisses down her chest and across her abdomen. 
He slipped two fingers inside her, stretching her, and his thumb swirled around her clitoris.
Even through her mounting pleasure, Jalen’s strained whisper reached her ears. “Blistering suns! I need you.”
Sadie gripped the back of his head, curling her fingers through his short, curly, black hair. She wondered if she should try to slow him down. The prince almost vibrated with an incomprehensible sense of urgency, and he was beginning to scare her a little.
“My prince,” she whispered, then stopped and hesitated. There was no reason for him to tell her anything. She gently forced Jalen to look up at her. She was about to try anyway when she noticed something alarming. Her eyes widened.
Just under his mask, dark tendrils moved and curled, twisting their way down his neck and along his collarbone. She stared, horror-struck.
No! That cannot be! But it was impossible for her to mistake that curling and shifting black mark for anything else. Not the Shifting Sands Curse!
Once, as a child, Sadie had watched in horrified fascination as her mother worked to cure a man from this curse. Fortunately, he had requested help before it progressed too far. Even then, it had taken all of her mother’s considerable abilities and strength to purge him of it. 
His case had not been as advanced as Jalen’s. 
The curse was fatal if not treated early, and could take anywhere from twelve to sixteen months before the madness consumed its victim completely. Sadie did a quick calculation, and figured Jalen had been cursed for at least eight months already: six of them before he’d rescued her from the executioner’s block, at least one before the tendrils manifested, and the month she’d graced his palace as his distraction.
How had the prince managed to keep his mind intact this long?
But... perhaps she was wrong. She hoped she was wrong. After all, she had been so very young when she had witnessed the cure. Perhaps Jalen’s condition was different. 
She had to see the proof for herself. 
She pushed herself upright, forcing Jalen to sit back on his heels.
With no thought to his first rule—that she never, ever take his mask off under threat of death—she reached forward and pulled the mask away from his face.
Shock raced through her, leaving her reeling.
It was so much worse than she’d feared. The mark had invaded half his face, swallowing up his right eye almost completely. Tendrils of shadows—what she had noticed a moment before—continued to spread across his skin down his neck to his shoulder blades, as if freed from the mask’s constraints at last. They would soon curl around his right bicep and down his arm. She stared as they writhed across his skin, swirling and moving threateningly, a clear indication that the curse was waking. 
Sadie reached out to touch his marked cheek. "Jalen!” she exclaimed, the prince’s given name escaping her lips without her conscious thought. “Why didn't you tell me. I could have fixed this, I—" The words died on her lips as her gaze finally met his.
Darkness had swallowed the whites of his eyes, making them appear completely black. His expression held a mixture of anger and pain.
Sadie looked down at the mask in her hand, and then back to Jalen, and felt the blood drain from her face. And she remembered: "The mask does not come off. Ever. Do not attempt to remove it or I will have you executed. Understood?"
What had she done!
"I—My Prince! I'm so sorry—" she stammered. 
She was going to die.
Jalen stood and stepped back. "Get out," he hissed. 
In a desperate bid to save her life and his, she cried out, “I can help! Let me help.”
“Get out,” he growled. “I’ll deal with you later.”
She bobbed her head but stayed rooted to the spot, unable to tear her eyes away from him.
Jalen’s expression filled with such despair that her heart broke for him. She reached for him again. “I—”
"Get out now!" he yelled. 
She jumped in alarm, but still couldn't move away. She stared, transfixed, as the curse coiled and rolled across his skin.  
Sadie knew the moment he lost his battle with the curse. Jalen’s expression transformed before her eyes, the sadness and despair replaced with a kind of feral rage that made her blood run cold. A look full of violence and lust. 
She squeaked in alarm, stood, and took a shaky step backward, stumbling off the bed’s dais.
"Run, my little firebrand.” Jalen grinned, showing teeth. “Run."
His threat finally snapped her from her stupor. Sadie turned for the door—completely ignoring the fact she was still naked—and ran. 
"Captain!" she yelled as she wrenched the door open. "Someone, help!"
She stumbled out into the antechamber and collided with Kadar, who was stalking towards the door, his blade already unsheathed. 
"The curse..." 
Kadar turned his startling blue eyes to her, scowling, then towards the room beyond. “Marek, alert Yusuf and Omar. We will need everyone,” he ordered in a terse voice. “Baqi, escort Sadie back to her room and report back here. I’m not sure we have the luxury of the training room this time.”
He looked around the anteroom and his eyes rested on a small woolen blanket. He walked over to grab it and returned to her side to throw it around her shoulders. 
“Stay in your room, no matter what happens,” he ordered her. “I’ll have Siddig guard you once he reports in. Now, go,” he then told Baqi. 
Sadie stumbled when Baqi grabbed her arm and forcefully dragged her toward the door. The last thing she saw, as she tried to stay on her feet while clutching the blanket around her nudity, was Kadar entering Jalen’s bedroom. He still had his sword drawn.
 
TWO

As her pacing brought her close to the window once more, Sadie glanced out longingly, wondering what transpired outside her room-turned-prison-cell. No one would tell her anything, least of all the ever-changing rotation of guards outside her door. Even Kadar had refused to answer her questions, the one time he’d come to check on her. 
Sadie sighed and rested her head against the wall. She was too agitated to sit even though her body ached with fatigue. She fully expected execution for removing Jalen’s mask the morning before, and every time Nadia—the young servant girl who had been in charge of bringing her meals since her arrival to the palace—entered her suite Sadie’s heart raced in fear, believing her time had come.
She cursed her curiosity. She had become too comfortable around the prince—thinking that maybe they had a deeper connection than simple sex—and in doing so, she’d forgotten her station.
Warts on a camel’s backside, Sadie swore again, and started pacing. Should she try to escape? Could she? The healer in her balked at the thought of abandoning the prince when it was so evident that he needed help. She wasn’t even sure she could help.
Behind her, the door to her bedroom creaked open, and Sadie almost jumped right out of her skin. She swivelled around, half-expecting a phalanx of soldiers to materialize inside the room, ready to lead her back to the executioner’s block. But it was only Nadia. She kept her eyes downcast as she hurried inside with a plate of food perched haphazardly on tray which she balanced on one hand. Without a word, she set it down on the low table used for meals, and turned to leave.
“Hmm... excuse me? Nadia?” Sadie said, clearing her throat.
Nadia flinched and glanced around, as if trying to find a way to escape. Sadie frowned, feeling more than a little hurt at the young servant’s apparent fear of her.
“Do you have any idea if Jalen—” Sadie winced when Nadia’s eyes opened wide in shock. The prince’s given name had slipped from her lips before she stopped it, and now that impropriety appeared to have made Nadia even more afraid of her. She wanted to curse her own tongue. 
Instead, she took a deep breath and tried again. “Do you know if his highness, the prince has left his chambers since I’ve been locked in here?”
“I don’t know, miss,” Nadia whispered back, avoiding eye contact with Sadie.
Before Sadie could ask anything else, Nadia mumbled an apology and ran out of the room. One of the guard—Taj, she believed—closed the door behind the servant, leaving Sadie alone with her thoughts. She turned and started pacing again, the food on the table already forgotten.

***

Jalen opened his eyes slowly. The hazy sunlight made him squint as he tried to focus on the room. The sun’s reflection off the floating dust caught his attention, and he turned toward the motes and groaned. His body felt like lead. 
He tried to move his sword arm. His muscles protested the movement, but he pushed the pain aside and forced himself to sit up in his bed.
He held his head in his hands. How much time have I lost this time?
The sun slanting through the bedroom’s latticed windows and the sounds of birds singing in the garden told him little but that it was late afternoon. If not for the fact his body ached like he’d just spent hours on the battlefield, he’d have thought it was later that same day. 
Blistering suns! His blackouts were getting worse. What duties had he missed? 
“Kadar!” he shouted, knowing his captain most certainly hovered in his anteroom, waiting for Jalen to surface again.
The bedroom’s door opened and Kadar, looking grim and tired, walked in. When he saw Jalen sitting on the bed, his expression relaxed a fraction. He waited until the door had closed behind him to exclaim, “It is good to see you back with us.” Relief was evident in his voice.
“For now,” Jalen replied, weary. “How long this time?”
“Since yesterday morning. It’s been over twenty-four hours now.”
“And the rage?”
“Midday meal ‘til breaking of the fast.”
No wonder Jalen felt sore. No episode had lasted that long before. And none had ended up with him unconscious. This was worrisome, if only because he had hoped to have more time. He ran a hand through his hair and down his face. Seeing as his mask had been taken off at some point while he’d been out cold, he glanced around to find it. Retrieving it from beside the bed, he put it on and turned back to Kadar. “What of Sadie?” he asked.
Kadar’s left eyebrow twitched. “She is back in her room,” he answered, his tone flat. 
Jalen’s first reaction was relief. He hadn’t hurt her. Then, he remembered. The beast had already been so close to the surface, the curse answering his anger at Kadar’s news, and then she had grabbed his mask.
He cursed.
His Sadie—his little firebrand—had pulled it off in spite of the express rule he’d made her agree to from the start. Despite his threat of instant execution.
She had babbled something about helping him, but by then the curse had taken over his mind. He’d barely held the beast in check long enough to let her escape the room. 
The beast flexed, demanding retribution. She needed to pay. She would pay. She knew the rules, knew the consequences of breaking them—but the beast wanted to keep her. It wanted to see her submit to its strength. Its lust. He smiled slowly. She’d reacted beautifully when blindfolded. Maybe he’d add restraints, like he’d promised that first night. 
Kadar cleared his throat. “Jalen?”
His gaze once again focused on Kadar. His captain was watching him closely. “Do I make you nervous?”
Kadar unnerving blue eyes didn’t waver. “No,” he replied simply. “About Sadie—” 
“She needs to atone for her transgression, of course. She knew the mask was never to be touched.”
This time, Kadar reacted by scowling. Having known the man for eighteen years, Jalen guessed Kadar planned to argue with him. 
“You’re not thinking of having her executed, are you?” Kadar asked. 
“That was the rule, wasn’t it? It was always the rule, and she knew it.”
And she’d done it anyway.
“Jalen, I really don’t think—”
“Captain,” Jalen interrupted coldly, his annoyance at being questioned threatening to spill over, “Your job here isn’t to argue with me about what I can and cannot do.”
Kadar’s mouth snapped shut and he stared at Jalen, his expression shocked.
“Nonetheless,” Jalen continued, a new smile stretching his lips as a plan began to form in his mind, “you are right that executing her now is not in my best interest.”
She was his. And he needed her alive. The beast needed her alive. 
“Yet, she needs to be punished. She needs to learn that my rules have to be respected.”
“What do you have in mind?” Kadar asked, sounding wary.
Jealousy flared. Did Kadar have a soft spot for his little firebrand? He had to force his thoughts to calmness lest the beast try to escape the walls he’d constructed. He reminded himself that Kadar had no designs on his Sadie.
Jalen smirked. “A few things,” he said, giving his captain a warning look. He wouldn’t accept dissidence. Not now.
Kadar bristled, but kept his peace. After a long silence, he said, “What do you want me to do?”
“Tell Vara to prepare Sadie for me. She will know what to do.”
Kadar didn’t make a move to obey him, and Jalen scowled. “Was something unclear?” he asked testily.
“No, Jalen. I just hope you know what you’re doing.”
“Oh, believe me, I do,” Jalen answered. Already, he was fully aroused at the thought of Sadie as she would soon be before him.
“When do you want her escorted to your rooms?” Kadar asked, reluctant but sounding resigned.
“After sundown, at the completion of the even-watch.”
“Very well.”
“And Kadar—” Jalen fixed his captain with a withering look. “—she will be presented to me naked. I will hold you personally responsible for this.”
Kadar hesitated, but finally said, “Understood, your highness.” He turned on his heels and stalked out of the room.

***

Since her imprisonment the day before, the servants and guards no longer knocked on her door. The practice was wearing on Sadie’s already frayed nerves. 
This time when Nadia entered, she wasn’t alone. Vara, the head of the female staff, was with her. Sadie knew at once that something was wrong. Different. Her heartbeat accelerated and her palms began to sweat. 
It was to be expected, Sadie thought. After her monumental transgression, she’d been expecting guards to drag her to a damp cell at any moment. The arrival of the stern older servant was definitely a step up from that scenario, in spite of her rather forbidding expression.
Sadie looked from one servant to the other, wondering what to expect. Her heart still refused to settle in her chest, and she wondered if it showed. Her hands found her belly. She could feel it churn. Quickly, she called up enough healing energy to settle her stomach. She didn’t want to lose the few morsels she’d eaten throughout the day.
“Come with us,” Vara finally said, scowling.
Expecting Sadie to follow, Vara swivelled around and stalked out of the room, Nadia following close on her heels. For a moment, Sadie entertained the thought of refusing to leave with her, but quickly dismissed the idea. It would gain her nothing but the satisfaction of a token resistance, and that wasn’t much of a victory. With a sigh, Sadie followed Vara from the room and into the hallway. 
Vara marched her through many different corridors, until they reached yet another bathing chamber. This one was decorated with mosaics of nude couples doing... all sort of naughty things. Sadie blushed. She’d experienced a few of the poses and felt herself becoming aroused at the images.
“Where are we?” She inquired. 
Vara ignored her question. Sadie was too busy watching the older woman storm toward the two extraordinarily beautiful young women to notice Nadia sidle over to her side. She twitched in surprise when Nadia said in a hushed tone, “The oholibah baths.”
“Out,” Vara ordered the young women.
“We have the baths for another twenty minutes,” the younger of the two said.
“His highness has ordered the baths cleared. Remove yourselves.”
“For her?” 
Sadie couldn’t tear her eyes away. The woman who’d asked the question looked no older than herself, and had the biggest breasts she’d ever seen. 
“Yasmin!” The warning in Vara’s tone clear to everyone in the room. “Out. I will not ask again.”
The two women took their time leaving the baths, but they finally exited the room. Once they left, Vara turned to Nadia, and said, “Alert the oholibahs Isra and Fayza that we are ready for their assistance.” Vara turned back to Sadie, not waiting for Nadia’s acknowledgement. Vara tsked. “Remove your kamiz and skirt. They will assist you in your preparations.” 
“I can bathe myself,” Sadie protested, taken aback.
“Enough,” Vara cut her off gruffly. “Get in.”
Thinking this wasn’t a battle she wanted to fight, Sadie acquiesced and quickly stripped and stepped into the tub. Isra and Fayza entered the room and joined Sadie in the pool, where they proceeded to wash her from head to toe. They spent several minutes washing and taming Sadie’s fiery red hair, before ordering her out of the tub.  
Soaked and still puzzled by the turn of events, Sadie then let Vara and the other women lead her to a corner of the bathing chamber where a marble table sat, covered with fluffy towels.
“Sit and lie back,” Vara ordered. “We have to finish preparations and we don’t have all day.”
“Can I wrap in a towel first?” Sadie replied, shivering, in spite of the warm atmosphere of the bathing room. 
Vara scowled at her—did that woman ever smile?—and didn’t answer. Instead, she nodded at Isra and Fayza and turned on her heels to exit the room, leaving Sadie alone with them. They immediately gave her a critical once-over and turned to each other. Some silent communication passed between the two of them, before the older one spoke, “There isn’t much we can do for the hair—”
“My hair stays the way it is,” Sadie interrupted at once.
“So we have been told,” the older of the two replied said, clearly unhappy about it. Glaring at Sadie’s stomach and legs, she continued, “but we still have a lot to do. Now, climb up, lie back and open your legs.”
“Wait—what?”
The younger of the two women spoke, her tone light and almost childlike. “His highness asked that you were made ready for him.” Not waiting for Sadie to fully process the instruction, the woman grabbed her legs and pulled them apart to better reach her pubic area. The second one—Isra?—leaned in with a pair of scissors. Sadie froze, not wanting to hurt herself on their blades.
“Now, don’t move,” Fayza said.
Sadie closed her eyes in embarrassment as the two women spent the next hour “preparing” her body. They removed the hair of her sex using a twisted thread, an experience that left her cheeks red for several minutes after they finished. Then, they moved to her underarms and legs. She wondered why she needed the treatment. Until now, Jalen had not indicated her natural hair was an issue and after the events of the day before, grooming was the last thing she’d expected.
Once the process was completed, Isra bid Sadie to turn over onto her stomach. What now, Sadie wondered. Wasn’t it enough that they’d spent all this time washing and grooming her?
“Just relax,” Isra said, gentling her voice as she saw Sadie’s nervousness. “This isn’t going to hurt you, I promise.”
Not completely convinced but realizing that arguing wouldn’t help her any, Sadie turned to her stomach, laying her head on her crossed arms. Isra dribbled oil on the skin of her back, and she and her companion started massaging the perfumed oil into Sadie’s skin. 
Sadie’s skin tingled and warmed wherever the massage oil penetrated. The sensation was erotic. It made her want to groan and ask the women to stop. A careful sniff helped her detect an underlying herbal scent she hadn’t noticed before. The oil they were using on her skin was laced with a slight aphrodisiac, which explained the wetness that gathered between her thighs.
Uncomfortably aroused, Sadie pressed her thighs together, hoping no one would notice. The two women made no mention of if as they massaged the oil into her lower back, then her legs. Next, they had her roll over and started the same process on the front half of her body. She forced herself to think about herbal remedies as a way to distract her mind while they rubbed her breasts and nipples and drifted lower down her belly. 
“Here,” Isra eventually said, sounding satisfied. “You are ready for him now.”
Sadie sighed in relief and sat back up. Isra handed her a silk robe without another word, then she and her companion left Sadie alone in the bathing room. She was glad for the moment of privacy as she slipped the robe over her shoulders. Her skin still tingled and her sex throbbed, and she needed a minute to get a grip on her own lust.
The moment didn’t last long, however, less than a minute later, Yusuf stepped into the room, ready to escort her back to her own quarters. He left her side once she was securely back inside her bedroom, and closed the door behind him. Sadie was left alone with her thoughts once more.
She wondered why Jalen had ordered her body prepared as if she was a traditional oholibah.
Chosen for their beauty and their intellect, the palace’s oholibahs formed an elite group of entertainers, conversationalists, and adepts in the art of sex and pleasure. For some, it was a way to rise above their station, make a name for themselves, or even marry into the nobility. Nonetheless, this wasn’t a position Sadie had ever wanted for herself. She had been happy to realize she was to be kept apart from the dangerous backstabbing politics of the oholibahs’ wing.
What had changed? She gulped. Did Jalen plan to gift her to someone else? 
Never! her mind rebelled.
That’s not what she’d agreed to.
The door to her bedroom opened again, making her heart jump to her throat. Kadar stepped inside and closed the door behind him. His expression was hard to read, but Sadie guessed he wasn’t happy with something.
“Captain, what’s going on?” she inquired, hoping he would be more forthcoming than Vara or Yusuf had been.
Kadar’s expression turned worried.
“His highness wants to see you in his chambers,” he announced.
Her breath hitched in her throat. “Is he... Am I being arrested?” Sadie asked. Or killed.
“No.”
Silence stretched and Kadar didn’t make a move to leave. Finally, Sadie couldn’t take it anymore and broke the silence. “What is it? Is there more?”
“You will leave your clothes here,” he replied, frowning slightly.
“My clothes? Er... what will I wear then?” She clutched her robe tighter to her chest. The idea of walking the corridors and meeting up with who knew how many people without it to protect her nudity didn’t appeal.
Kadar looked away. “His highness has ordered you be brought to his room without them.”
“He wants me to walk there... naked.” It wasn’t a question, but she somehow hoped she’d misunderstood him.
“Yes.” Kadar hesitated, and then added, “I’m sorry.”
His apology sounded so genuine that Sadie didn’t have the heart to argue with him. She understood he was under orders from Jalen and couldn’t do anything about it. He wasn’t the one she should be angry at in any case, and Jalen... Jalen had warned her that his mask was off limits. Told her there would be consequences. And apparently walking naked along the palace’s corridors would be one of them.
“Come with me,”  Kadar said, turning around and opening the room’s door for her. “Leave your robe behind.”
Sadie swallowed hard and her hands shook as she slid the robe off her shoulder and let it drop to the floor at her feet. She wrapped her arm across her breasts and covered her bare pubis with her other hand, before taking a step toward the door. Kadar stood at attention, facing the door, and refused to look her way when she reached his side. 
“Thank you,” she told him. His professionalism in the face of her embarrassment helped calm her. “Let’s go,” she said, plastering a smile on her face. “No use dragging this out.”
Kadar nodded. “Yes,” he said, preceding her into the hallway.
Outside her door, seven of Jalen’s twelve elite guards awaited her. When she saw them, she tensed and almost retreated back into the room. She did not want them to witness her humiliation that way. After a faltering step backward, she squared her shoulders and stared straight in front of her. She refused to show any of them her fear.
“Shall we go?” Kadar asked her, looking everywhere but at her.
With as much dignity as she could muster, she replied, “Yes.”
He nodded and, taking the lead, he walked toward Jalen’s private quarters. On an order Sadie missed, the rest of the guards closed ranks around her. They hid her from the prying eyes of other servants.
Sadie kept her head held high despite her embarrassment. That is, until she caught from the corner of her eye Marek openly staring. His expression held such unadulterated lust and greed that it sent a chill down her spine. She took a step to the side, as far away as she dared while keeping inside the circle the guards formed. She glanced at Kadar, but he had his back to her, and she assumed calling his name for such a inconsequential reason would not be well received.
Sadie needed to deal with Marek on her own.
It wasn’t as if he’d done anything more than leer at her, after all. It could be worse, she reminded herself. At least he wasn’t trying to touch her. 
Still, Sadie was relieved when their group reached Jalen’s chambers and Kadar knocked on the door. For a long moment, the door stayed closed, and she wondered if Jalen expected her to wait outside his rooms for half the night. She started fidgeting.
When the door finally opened, her stomach quavered. This was it. 
“Come in Sadie,” Jalen’s cold voice came from inside the darkened antechamber. Then, he continued, obviously addressing Kadar and the guards, “You are dismissed for the night. Make it so we are not disturbed until I call.”
Kadar saluted and turned to let her by. His expression was pained and his gaze held a wariness that made Sadie nervous. Back ramrod straight, Sadie stepped passed her escort and entered the room. The door closed behind her, leaving her alone to face the Prince of Zammar.
 
THREE

“Stand in the middle of the room and do not move,” was Jalen’s first instruction.
Sadie couldn’t see him, and she looked around the antechamber nervously. The only light came from a single sconce set in on the opposite wall. It gave the room a distinctly sinister atmosphere that had never been there before. One more thing had changed. The middle of the room, where Jalen had indicated she should stop and stand, was now occupied by what appeared to be a massive leather ottoman. Sadie’s eyes were immediately drawn to it.
Are those straps dangling on each side of it? 
“My prince,” she started, wondering if an apology might be enough to to sway him away from whatever he was planning for her. “I am sorry for what I did. I—”
“Keep your apologies to yourself,” Jalen interrupted, and finally walked into the light of the sconce. “We both know you don’t mean them.” 
His dark eyes, the only part visible behind his mask, burned like cold suns, almost feverish. The sight startled and worried her. Was she now seeing another aspect of his curse? And if so, what did it mean for her?
“My prince,” she tried again, feeling as she she was treading close to quicksand and trying not to slip in. “Is there... anything I can do to make amends?”
Jalen kept quiet, and his silence emboldened her. “Seeing as my head is still attached to my shoulders, I suppose you’re not planning on an execution.”
“No,” he replied, and the dark undertones of his voice sent shivers down her spine.
Sadie gulped. “Then... what am I doing here?” Naked, she added silently.
Jalen prowled toward her—a sandcat on the hunt—and stopped a few feet to her right. Sadie kept him in her line of sight by turning her head slightly. Goosebumps appeared on her skin and her muscles tensed nervously, and yet she was starting to feel aroused by the situation. She bit her lower lip, convinced it was lingering effects of the massage oil from earlier.
“You disobeyed me, little firebrand,” he said, enunciating each word carefully. “You went against my express orders despite knowing the consequences.”
“The curse... I can help you if you’ll let me,” Sadie interrupted. She already knew Jalen wouldn’t take her offer, but she had to try.
“Enough!” he snapped. “This isn’t why I sent for you tonight.”
Sadie bit back her reply.
He took another step closer. “I should kill you for daring to put a hand on me.”
“What? I didn’t hurt you!” she couldn’t help but say, incensed.
“I had one simple rule. One. The mask stayed on. Always. And yet you couldn’t help yourself, could you?”
He was angry, Sadie realized, but unlike the day before, his anger was under control. The fact failed to reassure her. What did he plan to do to her?
She thought of apologizing again, but he was right. She wasn’t sorry. He had been hiding a horrible curse from her, and she wouldn’t apologize for finding out about it. In the end she chose to not answer his question.
He observed her for a while, not moving, not saying anything. Sadie very much wanted to start squirming under his unrelenting gaze, and had to force herself to stay put.
Jalen closed the space separating them. He lifted a strand of her hair to his nose and inhaled deeply. “With a word I could extinguish your fire.” He let her hair fall back down to her waist. His hand traveled down its length until he cupped her bottom in his hand. “But that would be a waste.” He squeezed it before saying, “I’ll let your flame burn bright a while longer.”
Sadie sighed in relief.
“But, you still disobeyed me, and you need to be punished for it.” His hand dropped away from her body and he stepped behind her. 
“My prince?” she asked, careful to keep her voice neutral.
“Yes. I have—up until now—been gentle with you, but you should remember what I told you that first night. Don’t you?”
Sadie licked her suddenly dry lips. 
“Answer me,” he continued close to her ear, his voice deceptively soft.
“I remember,” Sadie stammered. 
“What did I say?”
“I belong to you,” she whispered. “For a year you... can use me any way you want, for your own pleasure.” 
“Anything else?” he prompted.
Sadie thought hard. The only other things she remembered was a list of what parts of her body he planned to use. She shook her head.
“No?” Sadie’s eyes were drawn to the sturdy black cloth Jalen pulled from his pocket. He ran the blindfold through his fingers. 
Sadie paled. Her voice a whisper she added, “Restraints. You said I’d look lovely displayed on your bed tied and blindfolded.” She swallowed hard. Her mind recalled the garden and the delicious torture of his tongue while she laid blindfolded and at his mercy. She felt moisture pool between her thighs, and she squirmed to relieve the building pressure. The thought of being at his mercy was strangely arousing.  
“I also promised you would like whatever I chose, did I not? 
She nodded her head. Sex? Would this be his way to punish her? 
He put his hand on her breast and captured her nipple between his fingers. He twisted and she gasped, pain and pleasure mingling. “Your breasts.” He moved his hand down her belly and leaned into her neck. His teeth grazed her skin. “Your cunt,” he breathed, his hand cupping her between her thighs and his fingers dipping inside. Her breath accelerated and goosebumps erupted across her skin.
Then, his hand moved away again. He ran his fingers along her hip and reached the swell of her buttocks. He dipped between them and circled the puckered flesh of her anus, making her eyes grow huge in surprise. “Your ass,” he continued, still murmuring into her ear. “They are mine for the taking. Your pain and your pleasure belong to me, and only to me. And tonight, you’ll learn exactly what that means.”
Sadie bit down on a moan and rubbed her thighs together. This seemed to please Jalen, who chuckled. “And you want this, don’t you?” he asked her. 
Sadie opened and closed her mouth several times, unable to speak. Her heart thudded in her chest, anxiety and anticipation warring for prominence in her mind. In the end, anticipation won. Strange as it might be in this situation, she wasn’t afraid Jalen would really hurt her. Besides, maybe she’d finally learn what he’d been holding back from her.
“Yes,” she answered.
“Give me your hands,” Jalen said.
She blinked. “My hands?” she repeated.
“Don’t make me repeat myself, Sadie. Tonight, I order and you obey. I know you like to argue against my commands—even disregard them completely—but I won’t tolerate it. Not tonight.”
His warning was clear, and Sadie snapped her mouth shut.
“Your hands,” he repeated. 
This time she held them out for him. 
“Kneel,” he ordered, taking her wrists in his hands and nodding at the leather ottoman.
She stared at the ottoman, frozen in place. Jalen freed one of his hand and, startling her, wrapped it around her shoulder, pulling her back against his muscular chest in a hard, possessive hug. “Trust me,” he said simply. 
And she trusted him, as improbable as it was.
He let her go, and Sadie knelt in front of the piece of furniture as she’d been commanded. The marble floor was unforgiving under her knees despite the plush carpet covering it, and she realized this position would get uncomfortable fast. Which seemed to be the goal.
Jalen knelt beside her and brought one of her wrist to the side to strap it in tightly in the well worn leather. When he moved to her other hand, the new position forced her to lie on her stomach on the ottoman, her ass in the air, while still kneeling on the floor.
Jalen ran his hand along her back and backside, letting his thumb brush against her entrance as he did. Her muscles clenched at his touch, and Sadie bit her lower lip to not make a sound. 
“There,” Jalen crooned. “Do you know how beautiful you look? Like this. Given to me to do as I please.”
A small moan escaped Sadie’s lips when his fingers once again dipped inside her for a moment, only to leave her the next.
“Open your legs,” Jalen said, and this time Sadie didn’t hesitate.
She spread her knees farther apart, and then waited, her breathing getting more erratic as silence stretched. She turned her head to the side, trying to glance around the room, only to see that Jalen had gained his feet and left her side. He had to be somewhere behind her for she couldn’t see him anymore. Nor could she hear him walk, or even breath.
“Ja—“ she started, but then stopped herself from actually calling out his given name. “My prince,” she tried again.
Something behind her rustled. Clothes. He was kneeling behind her. Jalen rested his hand on her backside, his fingers massaging small circles her skin. His fingers felt slick, as if they were coated in oil, and a sweet but tart aroma teased her nostrils. Sadie arched her back, instinctively trying to reposition herself so she could at least catch a glimpse of him. He dug his fingers in, making her gasp.
“Stay still,” he warned.
She stopped moving, her heart beating like a frightened gazelle’s.
“Do you know what herba lunae is?” he asked.
Sadie’s breath caught in her throat and her eyes grew round. “It’s a powerful aphrodisiac,” she replied, her voice sounding breathy even to her own ear.
Jalen used his fingers to open her sex more fully to his gaze and Sadie grabbed the leather straps used to fasten her wrists as she felt the oil being dribbled on her folds. He used his other hand to slowly rub it in, first on her lips, and then dipping two fingers inside her, slowly stroking her. The smell of herba lunae was almost overpowering now, making her lightheaded.  
The concoction began to radiate heat inward, making her skin tingle. The aphrodisiac was toying with her senses. Her sex started to throb from it and Jalen’s ministration. Her pleasure built, and her body contracted in preparation for her orgasm. 
Then, Jalen moved his hands away, leaving her bereft of his touch. Before she could stop herself, she moaned in protest.
Jalen chuckled. “Not so fast, my little firebrand. This is punishment after all.”
“Wait!” she protested.
His retreating footsteps were her only clue that he’d gotten back to his feet and was leaving the room.
“Don’t leave me like this!” 
There was no response. Sadie realized she was now alone, the herba lunae making her sex throb with need.
Was that how he planned to punish her? By leaving her unfulfilled?
She groaned and flexed her thighs in an effort to relieve the pressure between her legs, but she succeeded only in making the intensity worse. She was panting. She rocked her hips forward and was rewarded with a slight easing of her discomfort. With a bit of adjustment, she could press the top of her mons to the edge of the ottoman. The intensity of her throbbing sex was impossible to ignore. She rocked her hips more urgently against the leather. The ottoman was a poor substitute for him filling her, but she had to relieve it the pressure. Completely lost to her sensations, she didn’t hear her own moans and whimpers of pleasure as she drew closer and closer to orgasm. 

***

Sadie’s plea for release hung in the air as Jalen walked away. He had to get control of the curse’s lust before he rushed her and caused her irreparable harm. The curse craved her pain, but he wanted Sadie keening in bliss not in agony. He clung to that thought, unwilling to give in to the beast’s violent desires.  
He readjusted his erection. Blistering suns, that woman excited him. Just the contraction of her wet sex around his fingers as he worked the aphrodisiac oil into her folds had made his cock rock hard, and the herba lunae absorbing into the skin on his hands wasn’t helping matters. 
Fleetingly, he thought about washing his hands free of the concoction but then his attention turned to Sadie again. He paused just across the threshold of his bedroom to listen. He could hear Sadie in the anteroom panting and moaning, almost sobbing in need. He heard her shifting on the ottoman. He looked back into the room.  
Sadie’s head was turned his way, eyes tightly shut, and she was rocking her hips against the edge of the ottoman in an attempt to reach climax on her own. From the look on her face, he could see she was having some success. Jalen felt a jolt of arousal course through him and his cock twitched. Unconsciously, his hand lowered to his erection, and he caressed the length of it through his pants.
Sadie shifted forward again so that her sex pressed against the edge of the ottoman as close as she could get. He could see the flush of her skin as she single-mindedly focused on her own movements. Her whimpers reached his ears, and he itched to join her again. 
Jalen stopped himself. This was part of her punishment. Letting the herba lunae work its magic on her senses would intensify her climaxes—and he planned on giving her many of them. It would let him push her boundaries and let her find pleasure in the simplest of touches.  
He stayed in the shadows of his room where he could watch her, but she couldn’t see him.
While he did, he loosened the ties to his pants, and slid his hand under his waistband. His palm covered the head of his cock and he stroked his fingers from testes to tip along the ridge of his shaft, and applied a gentle pressure with his thumb. After a few strokes, he wrapped his hand around his cock, and squeezed his shaft, imagining his length inside her body.
He watched Sadie’s rocking hips gaining in momentum, and Jalen stroked in time to her thrusts, imagining himself inside her tight passage instead. His breath accelerated and he felt a heady warmth and fullness build in his groin. When Sadie cursed and moaned to herself about being so close, his balls tightened.
Her rhythm increased, and she let out a breathy groan as she peaked. Her body went rigid and she strained against her restraints, before collapsing back on the ottoman, letting it support her weight.
Jalen bit back his groan and stroked faster. He felt the tingle start low in his groin, until it grew too much for his body to withstand and he let go of his control. His cock twitched and his stomach muscles contracted. He leaned against the threshold to support his weight as the waves of euphoria erupted in his mind and thundered through his body, and he spilt his seed into his hand. All he saw for a few heartbeats were colors dancing behind his eyelids, and he stood still to catch his breath.
Eventually, he was able to calm his breathing somewhat and look into the anteroom again. Sadie’s release, he confirmed, had been short-lived. Already, she was starting to squirm again, no doubt in need of another climax. The herba lunae would last for many hours. His cock reacted to the sight almost at once. Belatedly, he realized he’d never washed the aphrodisiac from his hands, and had rubbed the oil into his skin. There was nothing for it now but to enjoy the sensations it would bring.

***

Sadie whimpered in frustration. She was so hot, and her sex throbbed. It wouldn’t stop throbbing despite grinding herself to completion against the leather ottoman. Her climax had provided a reprieve, but only for a few short moments, and now the ache was back with a vengeance. She desperately needed relief.    
“My prince?” Sadie called, her voice thick with need. “Please...” 
“What do you beg for, my Sadie?”
Sadie jerked in surprise. She’d been so caught up in her own sensations that she’d failed to hear his approach. She wasn’t sure what she was begging for: his presence, removing the restraints, easing the throbbing pressure between her legs? The need of her sex was unrelenting and demanded to be satisfied. “Please...” she said in a whisper, and wiggled her hips unconsciously. “Please don’t leave me like this.”
She sucked in a breath when his warm fingertips touched her back near the nape of her neck. He trailed his nails down her spine, and her skin erupted in goosebumps along their path. As his hand slid over her rump, he gave it a small smack. She yelped in surprise. 
He then brushed his fingertips along her dripping sex and caressed her folds. She bucked her hips towards his hand, silently begging for him to enter her. His touch burned like fire under her skin, and her climax would take a matter of seconds to achieve. 
Sadie felt one finger slide into her, and she sighed. Shivers of pleasure wracked her all over, and she began to rock against his hand. Her need was overcoming any other rational thought. 
Jalen abruptly removed his hand and smacked her ass again—harder this time. She cried out.
“You are to be punished,” he said.
After Sadie caught her breath, she whimpered, “Yes.” It sounded like he was far from done with her yet. 
Fabric brushed against the back of her thighs and she guessed he was kneeling behind her. She bit her lip and tried to hold back the breathy groan that threatened to escape her throat when he rubbed his erection between the cheeks of her buttocks. 
She needed him inside her, filling her.
His bare chest pressed against her back as he leaned over her to whisper in her ear, all the while rocking his hips in mimicry of the sex act her body craved. In time to the thrusts of his hips he said, “You’re going to be spanked and you’re going to count out each blow—out loud—for me. One smack for each of your years. By now, you should know better than to go against my direct orders. Understand?”
Spanked? Sadie flushed in shame at the thought, but at the same time, the muscles of her groin clenched and a wave of burning heat made her whimper. “Yes, my prince.”
“Good. And when you are done counting to my satisfaction—” he paused and thrust his clothed hips against her harder, “—I’m going to fuck you.” With a groan, he added, “hard.”    
An electric jolt of need shot through her, straight to her throbbing sex. Sadie’s thoughts scattered. “Yes... please.” The only thing she could latch on to was how aroused she felt at the thought of him inside her. 
He abruptly stopped teasing her sex and stepped away from her body. She whimpered again.
The first smack of his open hand made her cry out. It was harder than she’d expected, and her skin stung and burned where it landed.
He hit her rear again and said, “Count them.” 
“Two,” she gasped.
His hand landed again on her already smarting skin, making her gasp. “From the start,” Jalen ordered harshly. 
He brought his hand down on her skin once more, and this time Sadie cried out, “One!”
And again. “Two!”
Each new blow felt more painful than the last in spite of Jalen making sure they did not land in exactly the same spot each time. Her entire backside burned, the pain travelling up her spine all the way to her brain, leaving her lightheaded. And yet her arousal grew, in spite—or maybe because—of the pain.
“Eleven!” she almost screamed as his hand landed yet another blow.
“Good,” Jalen said, his voice thick with his own lust. 
He stopped and ran his hand over her smarting skin in a gentle, soothing manner. Sadie pressed her forehead to the leather of the ottoman, panting, trying to catch her breath. They were only halfway through; she knew the reprieve would be short-lived.
Jalen’s hand dipped between her buttocks. When he pressed the tip of his index finger against her anus, Sadie jerked.
“Wait—” she started.
He kept slowly soothing the burning pain of his blows with his other hand, while his finger teased and pushed slightly against the puckered opening. After a moment, her muscles caved and he slid his finger inside. Sadie surprised herself by moaning again, and bucking into his hands. The sensation was unlike anything else she’d experienced, but it only ratcheted up her arousal.
“Please,” she pleaded. “Let me come.”
“Not yet,” Jalen replied, stopping what he was doing. “I am not done with you yet.”
He brought his hand down on her skin once more, and she cried out. When she didn’t immediately call out the number, Jalen scolded her, “What did I say earlier?”
“T... twelve,” she mumbled.
“I think we want to try that again, I can’t hear you,” he replied, before slapping her backside again.
“Twelve!”
“Good girl. Only ten more to go now. Open up your legs farther.”
She slid her quaking knees farther apart, unconsciously arching her back a little. Jalen chuckled at the sight, before bringing his hand down again, closer to her sex this time. Sadie buckled, crying out, and then remembered herself. “Thirteen.”
Jalen continued the spanking with rhythmic precision, each blow landing at a slightly different angle. By number twenty, Sadie was sobbing in both pain and the need for release, and only determination and the knowledge she would soon feel his hard cock sliding inside her kept her going.
“Twenty-two,” she moaned as his hand hit her backside one last time.
He shifted position, and she heard his clothes rustling. The next moment, he grabbed her hips and thrust inside her hard. The sudden stretching had her gasping and straining against her bonds, almost orgasming right then and there.
“There. So. Wet. So good. Blistering suns, Sadie!” Jalen grunted and growled in between the forceful thrusts of his hips.
She couldn’t answer, her mind too overloaded with sensations to formulate anything more coherent. Heat was building; she began to tremble. Then, Jalen grabbed her hair and pull her head back, causing her to arch her back as far as she would go. 
He leaned forward and in a strained voice said, “You are mine,” before biting her at the juncture of her neck and her shoulder.
Sadie screamed, the pain bringing her pleasure to the point of climax. Lights exploded behind her closed eyelids and pleasure threatened to engulf her. Long moments later, she slumped back on the ottoman, spent and dazed.
Jalen let go of her hair and neck, leaving her skin tingling from his bite. She felt him dribble something between the cheeks of her still smarting backside while he kept thrusting into her at a more leisurely pace. 
More oil. 
Sadie moaned and tensed.
“Relax,” Jalen crooned.
As Sadie processed his words, Jalen rubbed, then pressed two fingers against the entrance of her anus. She gasped and arched, but he kept his hand firmly planted on her lower back, keeping her in place as he slowly slid his fingers deeper inside. He began to thrust them in sync with the movements of his hips, and Sadie found herself answering to the double penetration with yet another wave of mind-numbing pleasure.
“That’s it,” Jalen hissed between gritted teeth. He cursed almost reverently. “So tight.”
He kept scissoring and stroking his fingers, soon adding a third digit to the first two, while Sadie tried to simply keep breathing, just as he’d instructed. The fresh application of herba lunae started to take effect, and helped her relax. When he slid both his fingers and his cock out and gripped her hips more tightly, she had a moment of hesitation.
“Please, wait. Stop. It’s too big, I—” 
She felt his girth press against her backside and tried to buck, but his hands held her firmly in place. Her muscles first resisted the pressure, but then gave in and the head of his cock slid inside. Sadie cried out in shock.
Jalen keep whispering a litany of compliments and curses Sadie only half understood while he worked his cock slowly deeper inside her, inch by inch. She gripped her own restraints until her fingers were numb, caught between the intense pressure, the burning pain and discomfort of the intrusion, and the mounting heat of another burgeoning orgasm.
“That’s it. I’m all in now,” he said after a few minutes.
Then, he started moving again, starting with small and gentle thrusts of his hips, then stroking himself faster, and harder. He was panting and groaning, and his rising excitement brought her closer to her own climax. When he reached forward and started teasing the bud of her clitoris, she was lost in spite of the pain.
She tensed up and shuddered from head to toes, her release—if anything—even stronger than the last one.
The next thing she knew, Jalen was sinking his fingers into her hips, his nails cutting into her flesh, and he roared as he spilled his seed inside her. His body shook with the force of his orgasm.
He collapsed against her back, his chest pressed against her so she felt every one of his panting breaths. His weight made it hard for her to breath, but Sadie was too spent to complain. After a long minute, she felt him slide his now soft member out of her. She guessed he sat back on his heels. 
Sadie twitched when his hand caressed her sex again. His fingers dipped inside, zeroing in on that spot that made her writhe in pleasure. The herba lunae made her receptive and sensitive, even after the orgasms she’d already had. She started throbbing again, and she groaned. 
“Stay here for a few minutes, little firebrand,” he said. “I need to clean myself up.”
She heard him get back to his feet. He walked to the door leading toward his bedroom. “You’re mine until dawn and I’m far from done with you yet,” he added, before leaving.
The promise—the threat—sent a shiver down her spine.   
 
EPILOGUE

Jalen lay on his back in his bed, his dagger’s hilt in his fist of the arm under his head. This in itself was not unusual. He often slept with the blade in his hand. But he had not slept—he was sure of it. He could feel the episode falling away from his conscious thoughts, leaving him aware of his surroundings, and he did not feel rested.
This morning was different than the past few rage filled nights. Strangely, Jalen felt the most like his old self—before the curse—than he had in months. And if it weren’t for the warm body pressed to his side, he would have expected a productive day. Yet there was a woman pressed to his hip, and his arm rested over her shoulder and down her back, holding her close. Her soft breath tickled his chest, and her hair teased his nose. Bare breasts pressed against his ribs, and a leg rested on his thighs. The smell of sex and herba lunae still hung in the air.
He didn’t have to look at who nestled there to know Sadie had spent the night in his bed.  
Jalen released the blade from his fist and moved his hand out from under his head. After wiping his face with his free hand, he disentangled himself from her sleeping form and sat on the edge of the bed. Sadie whimpered in her sleep, and Jalen studied her.
She looked like he’d used her for sex all night. Her hair was a tangled mess on her head from repeated manhandling. Her wrists sported angry red marks from the restraints. Her bottom had bruises in the shape of handprints, and his nails had left marks all over her skin. But what was most worrisome, in addition to the numerous bite and suck marks on her neck and chest and back, Jalen could see several nicks and cuts from his blade. They had stopped bleeding, but droplets of dried blood had painted lurid patterns on her skin.
Did he do all that? He couldn’t remember. That realization—that he only remembered the last night in flashes of violent lust and intense releases—left him aghast. He had lost control. Badly. He ran his hand along her side, and her hip. His fingers explored her backside and her sex. She barely reacted to his inspection, which told him everything he needed to know. She was beyond exhausted.
To his great relief, there was no trace of tearing or other internal injuries. She was whole. He had done no permanent damage. Not this time. But he could have, and that thought shook him to the core.
He would send for Vara. She would tend to Sadie’s injuries and be discreet about it. Jalen cursed the fact all the magical healers were dead. Although she didn’t appear that badly hurt, a healer would help her recover faster. He felt disgusted by his own weakness.
The least he could do now was make sure she had opportunity to rest and to heal. He stood and walked toward the washbasin. She was covered in their combined juices. He wanted her cleaned before anyone saw how thoroughly he’d used her. 
His decision was made. Although his heart had grown heavy, he knew what he needed to do. When Sadie agreed to be his diversion, she hadn’t agreed to be harmed.
Jalen shifted his weight, already half-aroused and he hadn’t even touched her yet. But he no longer trusted himself with her.  
For her own safety, he must stay away from her.
 
RISING HEAT:
ONE

Kadar’s voice pierced through Sadie’s concentration. “You need to leave this room.” She looked up, frowning at the interruption.
She sat cross-legged at her low dining table. She’d moved it under one of the latticed windows, where it currently masqueraded as a work desk. The better lighting allowed her to work longer hours as she wrote down everything she remembered about curses and their cures. Unfortunately, the depressingly thin pile of parchments stacked in front of her were a testament of how little she truly knew. It simply wasn’t enough. 
“I’m not done yet,” she replied, going back to her notes, brooding about their content.
She had to find some way to lift the curse plaguing the prince of Zammar. But without her mother’s notes... She feared her abilities would not be enough. What if the cure drained her magical resources and endangered them both? 
She made a face. Fretting about a possible failure would get her nowhere; she needed to concentrate on helping instead. Sadie once again ran through what she knew. 
Jalen’s affliction—the Shifting Sands Curse—was slowly eating away at his mind, until only madness remained. Left behind, his body would waste away, unable to provide for even its basic needs. Ultimately, if nothing was done, he would die a violent, raving lunatic.  
He had until now managed to hold on to his sanity, but it couldn't last forever. She’d seen it before, the darkness swirling under his skin, swallowing the white of his eyes until only soulless black remained.
Sadie shuddered. She had to do something before it was too late. 
“He worries about you,” Kadar continued, his expression unreadable.
“If so, he has a poor way of showing it,” Sadie snapped, unable to contain her exasperation any longer.
Almost two weeks. That’s how long it had been since the last time she had seen him. Since the night he had punished her for taking off his mask. Afterward, he had cast her aside. The word amongst his personal guards was that he had taken another into his bed. 
She didn’t want it to, but knowing he’d replaced her stung.
Kadar’s pale eyes revealed nothing as he looked at her. Sadie thought he wouldn’t say any more, and so he surprised her when he spoke again. “A stroll in the garden would show him you are well.”
Sadie shook her head. She didn’t want to leave her notes. The answer was there. She just had to find it. “There are easier ways to determine whether I am fine or not. He could—perhaps—come here and ask me himself.”
Her sarcasm certainly wasn’t lost on the captain of Jalen’s guard, and he nodded his head slightly. “He won’t.”
“Why?”
It wasn’t the first time they discussed this topic, and as always, Kadar wouldn’t respond to her question. “That is not for me to say.”
Still, she heard disapproval in his voice. Kadar might not be saying so, but he didn’t approve of his prince’s actions. For all the good that did her.
“Did you tell him that I’m fine?” she said flippantly. “That he didn’t break me? My bruises faded days ago.” Some of the deeper scratch marks and cuts were still visible, but they no longer stung.
“Yes.”
Nonetheless, she admitted to some fear when he’d brought out the dagger, late in the night. She still sported a few shallow cuts from that particular hour of play. But in spite of it, she wasn’t afraid of him or disgusted by him.
She shivered and licked her lips as she remembered how mind-blowing the sex had been, but Kadar seemed to misunderstand her reaction.
“Are you afraid of him now?” he asked.
“No,” she answered at once.
“Yet you have been hiding in your room for the last week and a half.”
Sadie frowned. “I’m not hiding. I needed time—to think.”
Had she been hiding? She had to admit that, at first, she hadn’t wanted to show her bruises to the rest of the palace. She didn’t want to give the guards or the servants a reason to spread gossip about her and Jalen. But she hadn’t been hiding. Not really.
“Then, please. A stroll in the garden will do you good and will do much to put his highness’s mind at ease.”
She sighed, put down her quill, and stretched. A break would be nice, but she wanted to read her notes one more time. She was missing something! She just knew it. She shooed Kadar away. “Later. Give me a little more time”
“Very well,” he responded, his tone resigned. “When you are ready—today, Sadie—Taj or Na’im will lead you outside.” 
He closed the door behind him as he left the room.  

***

Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri, heir to the kingdom of Zammar, sat on a bench in his private garden—that same bench where he’d once enjoyed an afternoon of pleasure with Sadie. His little firebrand.
Just thinking about her brought about the first stirrings of arousal, but he shied away from the thought of summoning her to his side. 
He groaned, and tried to rub away the tension between his eyes, upsetting his mask in the process. It covered both eyes and half his face, hiding the black, living swirls of the curse from view. Soon, it would not be enough. Jalen took a moment to adjust the ties at his temples and smooth his black hair, which tended to curl. He made a face. He hated that mask with a passion.
The common assumption was that he’d been scarred during his last campaign against the neighboring kingdom, but the truth was so much worse than that. 
King Jameyri 'Anaq Al-Ahofe demanded complete silence about his condition for fear of rumors spreading inside and outside the palace walls. Such rumors could not be allowed the freedom to grow and spread at a time when war was once again on the horizon for Zammar. A war to avenge Jalen... Aside from a select few, no one knew of the true reasons behind it. 
The people needed complete confidence in their royal family. 
He sighed. He should have had Sadie executed when she learned his secret. His order had been clear. But he couldn’t bring himself to do so. Instead, he had enacted another type of punishment. She had such a beautiful voice while she begged and cried out his name in pleasure. 
His cock grew hard. Jalen shifted and readjusted himself, memories of that night assailing his mind.
But then, he thought of the violence he’d visited upon her—and how little he remembered of it—and broke into a cold sweat. He had never lost control in such a way before. And Sadie... She’d participated willingly during their last night together, but he’d left her body in a such a state he now felt concern for her safety while she was with him. He had been too rough, too demanding. Too intent on possessing and punishing her through sex. He’d wanted to introduce that level of subservience slowly, carefully, not all at once, and not with such violence in his heart. 
He could have broken her. Might well have done so. She hadn’t even been able to sit up in her bed that first day, Kadar had informed him in an icy tone.
There was no changing the past now, he thought with a disgusted grunt. At this point in time, it was best that he stayed as far away from Sadie as possible, for her own protection and his peace of mind. 
He put his face in his hands and sighed. Blistering suns, he wanted her. But, he couldn’t have her.
The beast growled—it was getting more vocal by the day now. It didn’t understand Jalen’s remorse. It wanted to call Sadie back to its side. It wanted to see her restrained again, while it used her body. Mine. Jalen’s hard cock throbbed as he recalled her screaming in ecstasy. 
He would need to sate the beast, and soon.
The sound of footsteps, soft and light on the path, reached his ears. He recognized them at once: Sadie. 
He stood up. Here was the very object of its desire, the one thing it seemed to be obsessing about. The one thing Jalen was obsessing about. The beast thrashed against Jalen’s mental restraints and tried to take over. Now was the perfect time to go to her, to user her, to rut in her, to fill her with his seed. She wouldn’t dare refuse him, even though his sudden rejection must have bewildered her. She was his.
Jalen swore and slammed his first against the wall. The pain gave him back a measure of control over his thoughts. He refused to yield to the curse.
Before Sadie discovered his presence, he slipped away and returned inside the palace, leaving her to explore his private garden alone. The beast growled its displeasure, but Jalen shoved the emotion aside. Crossing the threshold to his bedroom, he turned to Taj, who was on guard duty.
“Where is Serafah?” he snapped.
The beast needed to be satiated or he would get nothing done for the rest of the day. And it wanted either blood or sex.
“I do not know, your highness.” 
Jalen’s eyes narrowed on the youngest member of his personal guard, causing the man to shift his weight uncomfortably.
“Send for Yasmin,” he ordered. “I will receive her in the second guest room.” He did not wish to sully his chambers with the scent of another woman.
Yasmin—the beautiful and accomplished oholibah who now graced his bed—was a way to keep the beast’s sexual appetites satisfied. She was warm and compliant, a convenient way to sate his urges. Better yet, she was used to some amount of rough sex and pain. But she wasn’t Sadie, and thus, he never received her in his own bedroom. 
Jalen turned away from Taj and his remaining three guards fell into step behind him. He marched out of his rooms and wound his way to the guest room where he’d been entertaining Yasmin of late. There he would await her.
He opened the door and turned to his guards. “Let Yasmin in when she arrives,” he told them, and closed the door in Lieutenant Omar’s face.
Jalen took a few deep breaths. He needed to build the mental wall around the beast once more, preferably before the woman arrived. Once he considered himself in control again, he strode toward the window overlooking his garden. From his vantage point, he could see Sadie, now sitting on a bench next to an elaborate fountain. She had her head thrown back toward the sun and her eyes closed, enjoying herself.
He took another deep breath. Even from where he stood, he thought he smelled her unique scent, carried to him by a light breeze, deceptive in its simplicity. She wore no coy perfumes. The only scents to mar the smell of her unadorned skin were his soap and the contraceptive herb infused in her tea. Mine, the beast purred again.
Behind him, the door to the bedroom opened, then clicked shut again.
He sniffed the air. The scent of sandalwood and white roses preceded Yasmin’s arrival. 
“You sent for me, your highness?” she asked.
“I did,” he replied. 
Jalen turned, and in three strides had crossed the room and placed his hands on the wall on either side of her head, making her flinch almost imperceptibly. The reaction made him smile. He brought his face close and ran his nose along the soft column of her neck. So delicate... it wouldn’t take much to snap it... to take away her life. 
He shook himself, disturbed at the rush of pleasure the thought gave him. Unhappy with the substitution, the beast was asserting its presence, warping his thoughts into something inhumane.
To distract himself, Jalen kissed his way down from her ear to her collarbone. “They sent you to me overdressed,” he murmured, a mirthless smirk twitching his lips. 
“A situation easily rectified, your highness,” Yasmin replied, and reached to untie the knots at her shoulders. Her kamiz slipped down her torso and collected at the waist tie of her skirt. “See, your highness? Easily fixed.” 
Yasmin tugged one of Jalen’s hands and placed it on her breast. Jalen cup it in his hand, digging his fingers in until she groaned and closed her eyes. The oholibah had rather large breasts, round and firm, very different from his Sadie’s small and perky ones. Different enough that hopefully he could forget how good Sadie’s breasts felt in his hands.
He teased Yasmin’s already taut nipple with his thumb and forefinger, before pinching it—less gently than he should have. Yasmin yelped, but then moaned again in excitement.
“I have many duties today. I trust you don’t need to be made ready?” 
“No, your highness.” She batted her eyelashes at him. “May I show you—”
He interrupted her with a shake of his head and a scowl. “I have tasted your abilities, but I don’t have the time or inclination to indulge today. I just want to bury myself inside you.”
“As you wish, your highness,” she said with a slight frown. 
“Now, turn around, lift your skirt and open yourself for me.” 
He moved his hands away, freeing her, and Yasmin turned to face the wall. She arched her hips towards him, glancing his way with a coy smile. Jalen looked back at her, barely suppressing a snarl. Pushing down his desire for violence was getting harder. Yasmin wasn’t Sadie and he felt no compunction to protect her. 
With a pout, Yasmin turned her head back and reached down to lift her skirt over the rise of her buttocks. With both hands, she did as ordered and opened up her sex for him, and waited. 
Jalen observed her for a moment as she stood, submissive and waiting for his cock to fill her. The image pleased him. That’s how things should be.
Really? 
Again, Jalen pushed away his slight feeling of unease. His lust would soon be sated and it was all that mattered. Taking a step back, he reached to undo his scimitar belt. He set it on the floor, then undid the ties to his uniform pants, letting them fall to his feet.
Now naked from the waist down, Jalen returned to Yasmin. With one hand, he grabbed the nape of her neck, pinning her in place, and with the other reached between her legs. He slid his finger along her sex, confirming that she was ready for him.
Yasmin thrust her hips back, seemingly eager for his touch. Jalen pulled his hand away and grabbed her hip, digging his nails in. His other hand tightened its hold on her neck.
As Yasmin gasped in pain, Jalen impaled himself all the way inside her, his testicles smacking against her folds. The strength of his thrust forced Yasmin to brace herself against the wall. He started pumping his hips at once, hard and fast, intent on his own pleasure above all. The beast cared nothing if the woman in his arms reached climax, but there was still a small part of Jalen’s mind—the one he still controlled—that cared about her satisfaction. 
“Touch yourself,” he commanded, his face buried in her neck. Jalen felt her reach down to stroke her clitoris.
Using what little willpower he had left, he concentrated on her, and when he felt the tell-tale signs of her impending orgasm, he let go of the barriers in his mind. As she mewled her release, he followed, stifling his groan by biting her neck.
Slowly, the haze lifted from his mind. The beast curled up at the edges of the cage Jalen had constructed, sated. For now. Jalen pulled out of Yasmin, and stepped away from her while she fixed her skirt. He, in turn, pulled up and refastened his pants, before reaching for his scimitar belt.
“You are dismissed,” he told her coldly. “Now leave.” 
Yasmin curtseyed. 
He stalked away from her and returned to his previous spot by the window. He glanced out to see Sadie still sitting by the fountain. 
The door opened and clicked closed behind him.
Jalen gave no more thought to the woman who had just left the guest room. All his focus was on Sadie below. Her red hair caught the sunlight and reflected it like fire. 
Mine! the beast growled.
His Sadie, Jalen thought in agreement. 
He could watch her for hours.
Movement at the edge of the garden caught his attention and he dragged his eyes away from Sadie to fix them on the newcomer.
Marek.
The man was out of uniform, but armed with his usual scimitar. He was also alone. What was he doing in Jalen’s private garden? He was off duty at this time of the day and had no business there.
Sadie hadn’t yet acknowledged Marek’s presence. Perhaps she hadn’t realized he was standing behind her. Jalen growled under his breath. His imagination conjured several different scenarios, all of them playing out in slow motion within his mind.
By the time Marek grabbed for Sadie, Jalen had slammed his fist into the wall, leaving cracks in the stone bas-relief, and rushed out of the room. 

***

“What do we have here?” a voice interrupted Sadie’s musings. “Jalen’s little songbird. How... fortuitous.” 
She whipped her head around, recognizing that voice instantly. Marek!
She tensed as she stood up to face him, but tried to stay calm. “What are you doing here, Marek? You shouldn’t be in the prince’s private garden; you’re not on duty.” Sadie knew he was on the same rotation as Kadar, and she avoided him whenever possible. 
“You know he has discarded you, don’t you? Forgotten you like yesterday’s trash.” He smirked and that was enough to make Sadie concerned. “He brings another to his bed these days. He has no need for you anymore. That means you are fair game.”
He took another step towards her. Sadie’s instincts screamed for her to flee, and she turned to run. Unfortunately, she wasn’t fast enough. Marek’s arms encircled her waist, strong as a vise, and he pulled her back against his chest. 
“Let me go!” she yelled. She tried to pry his arms off her, but his physical strength was more than sufficient to pin her in place. He didn’t even react when she dug her nails in his hands in an attempt to break free.
“Taj?” Sadie screamed again, fear gripping her. Her heart beat faster than a bird's wing against her ribcage. “Na'im? Help!” 
He clamped a hand over her mouth, muffling her cries. “We’re alone,” he whispered in her ear. “They are waiting for Jalen to finish with his current whore. They’re not here to save you. No one is.”
She thrashed even more desperately in his arms. The garden was a secluded spot and few apart from the prince and his guards ever entered it. 
“Save your breath,” he hissed. He traced his tongue along her ear and she shuddered in revulsion. 
“Now, let’s see what his highness has been enjoying, shall we?” he snarled, before attempting to wrestle her to the ground. She fought in earnest, but he quickly overpowered her using greater strength and his training as a soldier. 
When Sadie went down, Marek went down with her, covering her with his body and pinning her to the ground, and his erection poked her in the hip. His sweaty hands started tugging at her clothes, and she wanted to retch at the feel of his rough fingers on her skin. “He always has the best toys.”
He grabbed one of her breasts, palming it roughly through her kamiz. Sadie panicked when Marek reached down to untie his pants. She wouldn’t let anyone force themselves on her. She hadn’t done so two months before—landing her in a gaol and about to be executed—and would not today. 
Her long-dead ancestors help her, what she was about to do sickened her, but her choices were limited. She reached up and grabbed Marek’s head between her hands. Before he had the time to do anything but stare at her in confusion, she pulsed strong magic through her palms. Marek screamed in pain as it hit his brain, and he tried to claw her hands from his temples. She didn’t let go and sent more disruptive power through.
Marek seized, then slumped over her, silent and unmoving.
Sadie pushed his now inert form off of her and scrambled backward. She was panting, her hands were shaking, and the bile rising in her throat made her gag. As she finally managed to disentangle herself from Marek, she heard rushed footsteps approaching. 
“Did you kill him?” Kadar asked as he stopped by her side. He looked down at Marek with a mix of disgust and worry.
She shook her head. “No, just knocked him unconscious. He’ll wake up soon.” 
A moment passed before he extended his hand to help her back to her feet. Sadie shook her head. She didn’t trust her magic at the moment. Whenever she used her powers, the aftereffects could be long lasting. If she touched Kadar right now, she might end up hurting him inadvertently. It would take several minutes before the energy dissipated and her hands were safe to touch again. 
Kadar scowled when she refused his help but didn’t comment on it, instead asking, “What did you do?”
“I forced him to have a terrible headache.” She let a slightly self-deprecating chuckle escape her lips. “It worked the last time too. Only that time, I didn’t stick around.” 
“Magic,” Kadar stated, his expression hard to decipher. “You’re truly a magical healer.”
“I thought that was obvious,” Sadie responded with a thin smile that faltered when it wasn’t returned. 
Kadar continued to study her, so intently that she wanted to squirm under his gaze. Just when she thought she couldn’t suppress her reaction anymore, he looked away and tilted his head toward the prince’s chambers.
Kadar took a few steps closer to her. “He approaches.” She just caught him whispering the word “careful” under his breath before Jalen and his current rotation of guards burst into the clearing.
Sadie’s heart jumped in her chest at seeing Jalen again. Like a starved woman, she raked her eyes over his body, from his soft, black hair to his muscled chest and narrow hips, her skin aching for his touch. He looked gaunt, she thought in dismay. He seemed to have lost weight since the last time she’d seen him.
As Jalen got closer to them, Sadie’s eyes were drawn to his and what she saw in his gaze made her heart stutter. She saw the curse swirling in their depths, threatening to swallow him whole. Unsure of her current standing with him and not prepared to fight him should he turn his rage onto her, she took a shaky step closer to Kadar.  
“My prince,” she said, careful of her honorific, and tried to perform her best curtsey. After his lesson, she didn’t want to forget it. 
“You are unharmed?” he asked, his voice sounding different—darker, on edge. 
“Yes, my prince.” 
He turned to Kadar. “Take Sadie to her room. I will see to her later.” 
Sadie felt Kadar take her arm, and he gave her a gentle tug, leaning toward her to whisper into her ear. “Quickly. I need to get back before he does something he’ll regret.” 
She nodded with a gulp and hastened her step. The last thing she heard was Jalen’s chilling order to his guards. 
“Leave us.”  
 
TWO

After the guards left, Jalen turned his attention back to Marek’s crumpled form and shoved him in the ribs with his foot. Marek groaned and rolled over. Jalen looked down at him, waiting for him to regain consciousness. Apart from the slight buzzing in his ears, he felt... powerful, in control. He was angry and intent on exacting punishment. His magic welled inside, stronger than ever before. He would have no difficulty in dealing with Marek. 
How dare Marek put a hand on his woman.
“Up,” he snarled as Marek’s eyes fluttered open. 
Jalen waited as Marek moaned and clutched at his head as if in great pain. Eventually, Marek focused on his boots, then travelled higher, until their gazes crossed. 
Marek must have seen something dangerous in Jalen’s expression for he blanched. For a moment, his throat worked and no sound came out. Then, finally finding his voice, he whined, “It’s her... I was just trying to help and she attacked me.” 
Rage churned in Jalen’s gut, but he only repeated, “I said up.”
When Marek didn’t comply swiftly enough, Jalen grabbed him by the throat and yanked him to his feet. His own strength surprised him; the man felt no heavier than his scimitar. His arm didn’t even strain when he raised the man high enough his feet left the ground.
Marek gasped for breath, clutching at Jalen’s arm.
“That’s not what happened,” Jalen said. He squeezed his hand a little tighter around Marek’s throat. “Who gave you permission to touch my property?”
He threw the man back to the ground and glared down at him. Marek remained prostrate, wheezing for breath, and Jalen quickly lost the last shreds of his patience. “Answer me,” he barked.
“C-curse you,” Marek rasped out, eyes watering in pain.
Jalen’s smirk was pure evil when he answered, “That’s been done already, Marek.”
“L-lording over everyone. Always...getting everything. But you’re fucked now, aren’t you?” Marek got back to his feet with difficulty, but his eyes held defiance and hatred. He spat at Jalen’s feet. “Soon, you’ll be completely mad and we’ll kill you like the dog you are. Then you won’t be able to ‘protect’ that little whore of yours anymore.” Marek grinned at him. “She is quite vocal, isn’t she?”
Anger hotter than fire filled Jalen’s mind. Before he made the conscious decision to do so, his power—magnified by his curse—exploded through his veins and poured into his hands. With a flick of his wrist, he sent Marek crashing into the side of the fountain.
“This time, Marek, you go too far.”
Marek gasped, fear and uncertainty replacing cockiness in his expression. “You can’t do this. I’m her brother.” 
He tightened his magical hold on Marek’s lungs squeezing them until he cut off Marek’s airflow completely. Marek’s face turned red, then slowly paled, and finally began to take on a bluish cast. His hands, which were clutching at his chest and throat, fell limply at his side, and his eyes rolled back in his head.
“Just watch me,” Jalen told him, feeling almost conversational. “Brother or not, I—” 
“Jalen, no!” Kadar’s voice broke into Jalen’s trance-like state, and made him hesitate for a moment.
“Don’t interfere,” he warned his friend. He wanted blood and the destruction of those who dared take what was his.
Despite the warning, Kadar walked straight between him and Marek, drawing his sword. “This is the queen’s brother you are about to kill. Don’t do this.”
Jalen shifted his attention to Kadar and glared at him. Kadar refused to back down, his expression neutral. 
Bastard never shows any fear, Jalen thought with a snort. If he only knew how close—
“You want to fight and rage? I’m right here; let’s fight. But let Marek go. He won’t be allowed anywhere close to your Sadie from now on, I promise.” 
Jalen forced himself to let go of Marek’s lungs, using the last of his control to do so. Behind Kadar, Marek doubled over, gasping for air. 
“You are dismissed,” Jalen snarled at him. “Don’t ever come close to me or Sadie again.”
“Na’im,” Kadar snapped. “Get that piece of dung to my suite and make sure he stays there. I will deal with him later.” 
As Marek staggered away, helped by Na’im, Jalen’s beast took over completely, and he rushed Kadar with a roar.

***

Jalen suppressed a groan and stretched his shoulders, quickly taking inventory of his various aches and pains. Kadar had left him in his chambers to clean up after their clash. Part of Jalen was thankful Kadar had intervened when he had, but a bigger part wished he’d killed Marek for daring to touch Sadie. 
He ran a hand through his sweaty hair, wishing for a bath to clean away the dust and grime he felt coating his skin. He was about to take off his dirty clothes when his bedchamber door creaked open. Kadar had returned; his bath would have to wait.
“Is it done?” he asked.
“It is,” Kadar replied. 
“I wish you had let me kill him.” The beast flexed in agreement. 
“You know you can’t.”
“I’m this kingdom’s heir!”
“Yes,” Kadar agreed. “But until you are king...” He hesitated, as if realizing that what he just said would never come to pass. He tried again. “You can’t kill her highness’s brother. Even you can’t get away with murdering a member of the royal family.”
“By marriage only. Marek is no relation of mine.”
The two men faced off for one long, dangerous minute. Jalen saw Kadar’s hand flexing on the hilt of his sword—ready to fight him again. Jalen didn’t want to fight. His body ached with fatigue. He finally deflated, hanging his head and sighing. “You are right of course, but I had to punish him for what he did.”
“I agree, but Sadie is fine. He didn’t hurt her.”
Fine? He’d seen Sadie even through the haze of his anger. Her eyes were wide with shock and she was shaking as if her dead ancestors stood before her in judgment. There was a part of him that wanted to pull her into his arms and never let her go. But Marek had been right. Soon, he would be gone and there would be no way for him to protect her from bastards like Marek. He could not let this happen. 
Curiosity made Jalen ask, “Where is Marek now?” 
“I sent him back to his sister, the queen, with orders that he be taken off your guard. This isn’t the last you’ll hear of this. Her highness was livid when I left. His majesty is away from the palace at the moment, but your respite won’t last long.”
Jalen nodded. “I know. I will deal with my father.” Kadar looked dubious and Jalen didn’t wish to discuss the subject any longer, so he instead asked, “What of Marek’s position?” 
Kadar shook his head. “It will stay vacant. There is no recruit I would trust with your secret at this point.” 
“It won’t matter much longer, in any case.” 
Jalen turned back to the mirror in his room to stare at his reflection, and heaved a deep sigh. “It’s progressing faster each day, I’m afraid.” The curse constantly swirled under his skin now. Black, smoky tendrils danced out from underneath the mask and along his neck, and spread down his shoulder. It never stilled anymore. He didn’t know how much longer he’d be able to control it. 
Or even if he controlled it anymore. Since when did he have use of his magic during a rage? That new development told him the end was in sight.
It was too late for him. He was only twenty-eight but he would be dead before his twenty-ninth birthday. He had to do something to protect Sadie from future harm. The trick would be convincing his father to offer her long-term protection. And he had a good idea of how to force him into it. Kadar wouldn’t approve—Sadie wouldn’t either—but that was irrelevant. This was what it would take for him to keep her safe.
“I know that look and I don’t like it,” Kadar said with a frown. “What are you planning this time, Jalen?”
It was time to set his plan in motion. “Kadar?” 
“Yes,” he responded, his tone wary. 
“Send for Vara.” 
“Jalen—”
“This isn’t up for debate, captain.”
Jalen saw Kadar grit his teeth, and his scowl could have scared a rampaging hippo. “Get me Vara. Please,” Jalen repeated.
“As you wish,” Kadar ground out, before saluting and stalking out of the room.
Jalen sighed again and took off his mask. He rubbed at his face and went to wash away the sweat and change in the adjoining room that served both as a privy and dressing room.
He was just finishing putting on a fresh uniform when a knock on the door announced Vara’s arrival. He strode into the anteroom where he watched Vara adjusting her skirts in preparation for his arrival. He looked at his former wet-nurse while she was otherwise busy. 
The years no longer treated her well. He could see that her joints swelled with advancing arthritis, and her back was starting to stoop. A year ago, he’d tried to give her an honorable retirement, but she’d refused, claiming she could rest when he no longer needed her.
It would be sooner than she’d expected.
“Vara? You are in charge of the meals for my guest, is this correct?” 
“I am, your highness.” 
“Then it will be your duty from now on to have the cooks add chaste berry to her morning tea, instead of the contraceptive herb.” 
Vara paled. “You cannot be thinking—” she started, then caught herself when he glowered at her. “Yes, your highness,” she finished in a trembling voice. 
“Good. You are free to go.” 
She gave a modified curtsey, and Jalen wondered if he’d only imagined the tears standing in her eyes. As she turned to leave the room he held a hand up to stall Kadar, who had his mouth open to speak. “Not now.”
Jalen waited for the door to click closed before turning to his other guards. “You are all on leave for the next two hours. Seek your leisure anywhere but here.” 
Baqi and Fahd saluted and left, too professional—and too used to his whims—to argue.  
Only once his chambers were cleared did Jalen give Kadar the clearance to speak.
Kadar’s voice contained barely repressed anger when he said, “You are a fool, Jalen. What game are you playing?” 
“No game.” 
“Chaste berry? Has the curse completely addled your wits?” 
The berry was a known fertility enhancer—and a potent one. From Kadar’s horrified expression, Jalen knew he understood perfectly the meaning of his order to Vara. 
“You want a royal bastard then?”
“Not a bastard. An heir.” 
His pronouncement stunned Kadar into silence. In other circumstances, Jalen would have laughed at his longtime friend’s completely dumbstruck expression.
“Why?” Kadar finally managed to say after opening and closing his mouth several times without a sound.
“You know as well as I do that Sadie is not safe outside this palace wing. Marek has made clear that he wants her, and we still do not know who is targeting healers. When I am gone, where will she go?” Jalen hesitated. “If she carries the next royal heir, my illustrious father will be forced to protect her. Keep her safe.” He looked Kadar in the eyes. “How else can I guarantee her security and her life? I promised it to her in the square, and if I don’t do this, when I am dead she will be completely vulnerable.” 
“I could protect her,” Kadar protested. 
“You are still bound by your duty here.” Jalen shook his head. “You wouldn’t be able to go against a direct order. No, I’ve decided.”
“Will she even accept your scheme?”
“She is not to be told about it until I say so,” Jalen snapped, glaring at Kadar. “And you will not tell her about it, is that clear?”
Kadar flattened his lips into a grim line. “Very clear. I still think it’s a mistake, though.”
“I didn’t ask for your opinion.”
“That may be, but I will tell you, regardless. You should talk to Sadie. She has power. You saw the way she felled Marek—”
Actually, Jalen hadn’t, but he expected she had done it with a combination of a well-placed hit and sheer luck.
He raised his hand when Kadar went to speak more, strangely exasperated by the subject. “Enough. I know what you are thinking, but she is not a healer. No one can save me at this point. It is time to put other plans in place.” 
He ran his fingers through his hair again. He needed to see her, make certain she was well and unhurt. His need for Sadie chased any other thought from his mind. He should wait until the chaste berry had an effect on her fertility, but he couldn’t bear to stay away from her that long. Not anymore. “Send for Sadie, and when she arrives, make yourself scarce.” 
Kadar nodded, snapped to attention, and saluted, leaving Jalen alone with his thoughts.

***

Sadie stood, staring out her window and down into the courtyard beyond to the pond with the nenuphar flowers and their lily pads. Night had fallen, and yet no one had come to check on her. She assumed there was a guard outside her door—there was always a guard—but they left her alone. The sole person to visit had been Nadia dropping off a dinner tray, which still sat on the table, untouched.  
The longer she waited, the more frustrated and angry she became. What was going on outside? When he had left her side, she knew Kadar had been worried about Jalen. Afraid he would kill Marek while in one of his rages. Not that his death would be a great loss, she thought, remembering his clutching fingers and the press of his erection on her hip. She shuddered.
She resumed her pacing, hoping to chase away the memory. It was over now; she was fine. Now, if only someone would tell her what was going on outside her room. The wait was making her crazy.
Just as Sadie was about to return to the window to stare out, the door to her room clicked open. She turned, her heart thumping in her chest, visions of Marek stalking into her room flashing through her mind. It wouldn’t be him though, she reassured herself. There was no way Jalen was going to let that man roam the corridors after the incident today. Still, the servants usually knocked before entering.
Only when she saw Kadar walk in did she finally relax again. She was relieved to see him. He would have news of Jalen.
“Captain,” she greeted with a genuine smile.
Without a word, Kadar closed the door behind him and approached her. His expression was shuttered, wary, but then it coalesced into resolve. Curious, Sadie quirked an eyebrow and waited for him to speak.
“Can you cure him?” he asked without preamble.
Sadie was surprised. She had not expected that question, at least not today. He had watched her make notes for days without ever questioning her about it. Why ask her now? What had changed?
She contemplated her answer carefully before she spoke. “I’m not completely certain. Without my mother’s notes and books, I can only rely on my own memories, and I admit I’ve never had to deal with anything like this curse before.”
Kadar’s lips thinned. Clearly, this wasn’t what he’d wanted to hear. She continued in a hurry. “Even if I had her notes, the curse is so advanced, it might not be curable.” She sighed in frustration and ran a hand through her hair. “If only he’d asked me that first day, I might have caught it early enough—”
“His highness can be stubborn,” Kadar interrupted her, his expression softening. “And he doesn’t like to reveal his weaknesses. The curse is a well-guarded secret; you weren’t supposed to know.” 
Sadie gave him a wan smile. At least one person in this room wasn’t thinking she should have acted sooner. “At this stage, I’m not certain anyone can completely cure him, but I might be able to halt the curse’s progress.”
“Can you give him back some of what he was?” Kadar’s expression appeared hopeful in spite of the bad news.
“I believe so, yes.” Sadie nodded. She would use her power to help Jalen. “But I need my mother’s notes. She had experience dealing with curses, experience I don’t have.” 
“Where are these notes? I will get them for you.” 
“My family had a small library in the back of my shop. There are three magical remedy books and several notebooks. I will need all of them.” 
Kadar nodded his understanding but didn’t say anything more.
“Captain?” Sadie asked as the silence started to stretch between them. “Did he kill Marek?” 
She wasn’t sure if she wanted to know. 
“No.” 
The answer surprised Sadie. Seeing how enraged Jalen had seemed, it hadn’t looked like he would let Marek walk out alive. 
“Marek isn’t part of his highness’ guard anymore,” Kadar added after a long silence. “He will not bother you again.”
“Thank you, captain.”
Kadar nodded stiffly. “You’re welcome.” Before Sadie said more, he spoke again. “His highness requests your presence in his chambers.” 
Kadar’s tone told her something was wrong, and Sadie gulped. “Is he still mad at me? Do I need to be... presented as before?” The walk to the prince’s chambers—naked—had been unbelievably hard and she did not look forward to doing it again.
“He did not order it, no.” 
“Did he order anything else?” 
“Only that you are to come to him.” 
Sadie smiled in relief, but her heart still hammered in her chest at the idea of seeing Jalen again. She didn’t know how to feel. She was mad at him for ignoring her, but she also missed him more than was wise considering her position. She licked her lips nervously. “Take me to him,” she said.
Kadar opened her door and said, “Follow me, Sadie.” 
When they reached the door to Jalen’s chambers, Kadar stopped with his hand on the doorknob. He glanced back at her, his mouth slightly open like he would speak. Sadie waited, wondering what was eating at him. He had tensed during their walk. In the end, though, he shook his head and opened the door for her. “I trust you can find your way from here?” 
Sadie reached out and touched his hand. “Thank you, captain. You have been the closest thing to a friend in this palace since I arrived. Whatever happens, I am grateful for all you’ve done.” 
Kadar nodded with a smile that did not reach his eyes, before closing the door behind her. 
She swallowed hard before stepping toward Jalen’s bedroom, where she knew he awaited her arrival. She stopped in front of his door and there, she hesitated. Should she knock or just go in? How would he greet her? She had so much she wanted to tell him: about the curse, about how much his rejection had hurt her. But she knew Jalen wouldn’t appreciate her anger or her jealousy. Baring her heart now would gain her no ground. It simply wasn’t her place to speak out.
She sighed. Jalen awaited and it wouldn’t do to dawdle outside his bedroom for too long. She gathered her courage, pushed the heavy wooden door open, and peered inside. The room was steeped in deep shadows, one solitary candle sitting next to the bed platform providing the only illumination. She squinted, trying to make out Jalen’s form in the darkness.
“My prince?” she called out, uncertain he was even there.
“Come here,” Jalen’s voice whispered across the room. The timbre of his voice—both smooth and raspy, promising untold pleasure—spoke to her body and Sadie felt a shiver of need spring to being in her lower belly. 
Her eyes searched for him again as she stepped inside, and slight movement from the bed caught her gaze. Finally, as her eyes adjusted to the lack of light, she saw him, reclining on the bed, his back bolstered with pillows against the wall and a light sheet covering him to his waist. 
“Closer,” he said when she stopped advancing to stare at him, trying to make out his expression. 
He sounded like himself, she thought with some trepidation, but he could still be volatile. Who knew how fast the curse flared to life. She approached the bed in tentative steps, her eyes never leaving him. 
“My prince,” she said, stopping about six feet from the bed to bob a small curtsey. Her fingers clutched at her skirt and a myriad of emotions ran through her mind like butterflies flitting through Jalen’s private garden. She didn’t know if she should be angry at him, relieved to see he seemed fine, or afraid of what he might do to her this time.
“Sadie, what did I say?” Jalen’s expression stayed neutral, but his tone held censure this time.
Sadie wanted to be flippant—to tell him no or to resist—but after witnessing him attack Marek today, she didn’t think it wise to push. “Closer, my prince.” 
“And do you think you are close enough?” he asked, his voice turning cold.
With difficulty, she kept herself from cringing away. 
“Come here, Sadie,” he repeated. “I won’t bite... much.” 
She cursed her body as it responded to his implied sexual threat. He knew how to inflict the most pleasurable sensations within the pain, and she felt the first signs of moisture in her sex.
He must have noticed her body’s reaction for he then said, “But I think you might like a few nibbles. I won’t repeat myself again. Come here.” Jalen patted the bed beside him.
Sadie closed the distance to the bed platform and stepped up the dais to sit on the edge of the bed. Before she settled, he interrupted. 
“Face me.” 
This new position forced Sadie to kneel, her feet hanging off the bed, toes curving over the edge. 
Jalen held her gaze, his expression hard for Sadie to decipher. Immobile, they stared at each other for what seemed an eternity before a thin black tendril dropped below the edge of Jalen’s mask, curling back toward his temple. The motion drew Sadie’s gaze away and snapped her from her silent contemplation. She wanted to reach forward and stroke the physical manifestations of the curse, but dared not move.
At that moment, Jalen leaned toward her and placed a hand on her hip, drawing her attention to his hands. They traveled over her skirt and along her thigh until he reached her knees. Sadie followed the movement with her eyes.
He tugged at her skirt and slipped his hand under it to caress her thigh. She felt every swirl of his fingertips as they inched their way up to her buttocks, and it only served to arouse her further. She moaned softly when he spread his palm against her flesh and gave a gentle tug. In a husky whisper, he said, “Straddle me.”  
Sadie had to hike her skirt to her knees to comply. She settled against his pelvis, her already wet sex pressed against his erection. The need for him to fill her her was so intense she shivered in anticipation in spite of her conflicting feelings about him. 
Jalen groaned and he grabbed her hips to rock her body against his. “Blistering suns, Sadie,” Jalen swore and cupped her the back of her head in his hand. He guided her face down to his. “I don’t know if I can make this right for you tonight. I want you too badly.”
The words felt like he’d just slapped her, and she tried to pull away. If he missed her that much, why had he ignored her for so long, taken another to his bed? Her anger boiled over. “Not badly enough, or you wouldn’t have discarded me and summoned another,” she snapped. “You’ve been ignoring me for over a week. I expected to be dragged in front of the executioner at any moment.” Or that she would spend the rest of her year in the palace without ever seeing him again.
He growled, but it was in frustration, not anger. “I thought I might hurt you further.” He cursed under his breath. “The oholibah aren’t enough. You have bewitched me.”
“I swear I have done no such thing,” she replied at once, afraid he believed she’d cast a spell on him—not that she could. She didn’t think such magic existed.
“Yes, you have, my little firebrand. The smell of your hair, the softness of your skin, the moans you make as you climax—no oholibah comes close to you. You are all I think of.”
“My prince...” Sadie whispered, almost pleading.
She tried to hang on to her anger, but how could she do so when his need infused every one of his words? She melted against his chest as Jalen ran his fingers through her hair, trailing his lips down her throat and stopping to nibble at her pulse point.
She groaned in surrender.
His hands left her hair and traveled to her shoulders, where his deft fingers quickly loosened the ties. The fabric slid down her torso as the final knot came loose. She leaned into his hands as he cupped her breasts, rolling her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, and her breath hitched in her throat. A jolt of pure pleasure coursed through her, heating her blood. He had to feel her wetness through the thin sheet, she thought, but she couldn’t find it in herself to be embarrassed about that fact. She’d done far worse with him by now.
Eventually, he trailed his tongue down her collarbone and went to capture one peaked nipple between his teeth. When he started to alternate between nibbling and sucking on it, trailing his tongue around her areola, she clutched at his hair, overcome by the sensations he created. Her head fell back and she let out a breathy moan. 
She felt him chuckle, his warm breath tickling her skin, before he pulled away from her. “So responsive,” he rasped. “Like no other.” 
“And what of that oholibah?” Sadie replied, emboldened by her earlier anger.
“She was a mistake. Now, put your hands on the wall behind me.”
Sadie reached forward to comply, caging Jalen between her arms. With a smirk, he kissed her nose, before saying, “Higher.” 
The motion brought her breasts close to his mouth again. He suckled on each nipple in turn, and she thought she’d grow mad from needing more. She started to squirm, grinding herself into his hips until Jalen let out a groan that was more animal than man. He gripped her hips and forced her to keep still. “I’m not giving you permission to climax yet, little firebrand. I’m far from done with you. Now, higher.” 
With his hands guiding her, she got up on her knees and reached as high as possible over her head. The hem of her skirt slid back down her thighs to her knees as she straightened. The tickle of the fabric gave her goosebumps and she wiggled her hips in response.  
“Look to your hands and hold still,” Jalen then said. 
Something cold touched her skin, making her twitch. She shivered as the cool edge then traveled from her navel up through the cloth bunched at her waist. Fabric ripped and fell away, first her kamiz, then her skirt. Jalen was using his knife to cut away her clothes, she realized with a frisson of apprehension and excitement. 
“I hope this dress wasn’t one of your favorites.” 
Sadie took a shuddering breath and shook her head. 
“Good,” he said, dropping his knife out of sight. He gripped the remainder of her skirts in both hands and ripped the cloth all the way down and threw the destroyed garment away. His hands then returned to exploring her stomach, their light touch making her shake with need. 
Jalen grabbed her hips again, a scowl darkening his expression. “I said, hold still.”  
She felt the movement of the mattress as Jalen slid beneath her, and then his breath was on the bud of her clitoris as he moved his head closer. Sadie groaned in anticipation, and when his warm tongue reached her sex for an experimental taste, she nearly cried in ecstasy. 
He continued to hold her still as he licked her slowly, teasingly swirling his tongue around her entrance in between long slow swipes at her folds and gentle suckling at her clitoris, all of it exquisite torture. 
She couldn’t believe how quickly he could bring her to the edge of climax. Her sex throbbed with each gentle swipe of his tongue and warmth pooled low in her stomach, slowly radiating outward. 
“Ja—My prince, I beg you,” she moaned. “I need to come.”
“Soon.”
He changed the tempo of his lapping tongue to dart it in and out of her body. Sadie bucked her hips. She was so close, and yet she held back.
“Please,” she begged again, sure she was about to lose her mind.
“Now. Come for me, my Sadie.”
Jalen flicked her bud with the tip of his tongue and the waves she’d been holding back crashed over her, engulfing her whole. She screamed and shuddered from her head all the way down to her toes, barely able to keep herself upright through the intense pleasure. 
Finally, as she somewhat regained her senses, she felt him tug on her waist. “Let go of the wall and slide down.” 
She dropped her hands down on either side of his head, and wordlessly slid her hips back. He tilted her pelvis as she moved, and she felt his cock tease at her entrance. She didn’t wait for his approval, and lowered herself further onto his hard length, her body stretching to accommodate him. His groan of pleasure told her he didn’t mind.
Rocking her hips, she used her legs to lift her weight up and down his erection. She tried to keep a steady rhythm, wanting to drive Jalen out of his mind with the same pleasure she’d felt, but he had other plans.
He wet his finger with his tongue and then swirled it on her already sensitive clitoris, arousing her further and upsetting the pace she’d set.
“I want to feel you come again before I do.” 
“Keep doing that, my prince, and I shall,” she replied with a groan, and she ground her hips down on him faster and harder. 
Jalen let out a sound between a chuckle and a moan. “That’s it... let yourself go. I want to hear you scream my name again.” 
Sadie threw her head back and keened in pleasure as Jalen bit down on her collarbone while his thumb kept rubbing and circling her bud. 
She heard him groan and then curse. His voice laden with desire that sounded like it bordered on pain, he said, “Now, my firebrand. I need you to come now.” 
She didn’t know if it was the sound of his voice, his constant touch, or her own mounting arousal, but at his command, her world exploded into a million points of light once more. Jalen moaned his release into her neck only seconds later. 
Sadie collapsed forward on his chest, her face buried in his neck, and panted. She didn’t want to move.
He ran his hands down her back and cupped her buttocks in his hands. His heavy breathing stirred her hair as she relaxed against him.
He seemed to be in an approachable mood this evening—contrary to her first impression—so Sadie decided to risk kissing his neck and giving him a few nibbles and licks of her own. His answering shiver warmed her heart. 
“Careful, little firebrand,” he chuckled. “You keep doing that, and I may not be done with you yet.” 
“I think... That would be alright with me, my prince.” 
 
THREE

Sadie glared at her morning cup of tea sitting in front of her on the low dining table. She refused to drink it.
For several days now, the usual contraceptive herbs—the one she had been served as soon as she started being Jalen’s lover—were conspicuously absent from the concoction. The first time, Sadie had dismissed it as an oversight. The second morning, when her tea again lacked the herbs, she had become concerned. And then, she had both smelled and tasted it and had gotten confirmation of her suspicion. Chaste berry. 
Someone in the palace wanted her pregnant. 
She scowled at the tea. 
There was no one within the palace—except for the royal family themselves—powerful enough to have ordered the switch, but she didn’t see why any of them would have done so. As far as she knew, none of them were even aware of her existence. Maybe one of the oholibah was trying to trap her? But that made no sense either. For a few days, she had refused to believe Jalen himself might have given the order, but this morning, sitting at the dining table, she couldn’t hide her head in the sand anymore.
This entire week he’d kept her at his side and in his bed more times than she could count, and she had no other recourse but to suspect him.
But why? Surely he did not want a bastard? Did he? He had been pleased when, that morning in the garden, she had assured him she had no designs on having a child. And she had meant it. 
It didn’t matter in any case. Sadie made sure her magic prevented conception.
She was irritated, to put it mildly. How dare he do this to her? Falling pregnant was not part of their agreement, and she needed to talk to him, tell him this wasn’t an acceptable development. At the thought of a confrontation, her heart started beating a little faster. The consequences might be dire. 
“But I can’t let him force me into carrying his child,” she said out loud.
Her voice echoed in the empty room and gave her some courage. Again, she looked at the tea, sitting innocently in front of her as if mocking her, and she cursed. Blistering suns. Jalen couldn’t do this to her, especially when, deep down inside, a small part of her heart constricted painfully at the thought of holding in her arms a baby that would be equal parts him and her.
She grabbed the mug and stood up. She would go now, before fear paralysed her.
Taking a deep breath, Sadie crossed the room and opened her door. Without a word to the guard standing outside her door, she marched from her room toward Jalen’s chambers.
“Miss Sadie, where are you going?” Taj exclaimed as he rushed after her.
“I’m going to see Prince Jalen.”
“What?!” The young guard sounded horrified as he grabbed her arm, pulling her to a stop. “You can’t do that. You need to wait until you are summoned. You can’t barge inside his room—”
“Watch me,” she snapped in answer. “Now let go of me!” She yanked her arm from his grip, and hurried away before he caught up with her again. She knew the only reason she’d succeeded in getting this far was because of his young age and the fact Jalen had ordered the guards never to touch her. But that didn’t mean the young soldier would not try to stop her again and she needed to get to Jalen’s room before he succeeded.
Before her brain could catch up with her temper—and before she remembered the rules she had agreed to abide by when it came to the prince—she was standing in front of his doors. 
“Let me in,” Sadie told the two guards, Issa and Na’im. They gave her a startled look.
“Where is the captain?” Issa asked, then he frown at Taj behind her. “You were not summoned. What’s going on here?”
Sadie swore inwardly. If she didn’t act soon, they would bar her entry to the room and she’d never be able to have that conversation with Jalen. “Never mind. I can let myself in. Now, if you’ll excuse me, the prince is waiting for me,” she lied.
She swung one of the two doors inward, stalked in and, with a thin smile at the guards staring at her, she closed it in their face. As she turned away, she heard Na’im say, possibly to Taj, “Get Kadar. Now.” She ignored it.
“What are you doing here? You are not to come here without permission.” 
Sadie flinched as she found herself with a scimitar an inch away from her throat, and she gulped. Her eyes followed the blade back to the hand holding it. Jalen. The prince stood two feet away from her. She’d caught him before he’d dressed for the day. His chest and feet were bare and he’d yet to don his mask.
“I asked you a question,” he repeated, glowering at her. She noticed the curse circling lazily down his neck and the arm holding the sword, answering to his foul mood. He was angry, but so was she.
She shoved her mug at him, and warm tea sloshed over her hand. She didn’t pay it any heed, her attention focused on her anger and the blade he still pointed at her throat.
“What is this all about?” she asked.
Jalen’s expression barely changed, but he sheathed his scimitar before answering, “Your usual morning tea.”
“Usual? I wouldn’t call adding chaste berry to it instead of the normal contraceptive ‘usual’... my prince.” She almost didn’t add the honorific. In that moment, she didn’t quite feel like being polite. 
She watched for his reaction but, apart from a slight tightening of his lips, he had none. She forged ahead, intended on discovering the truth. “Is it your doing?”
After several seconds, his answer came, cold and matter-of-fact. “I ordered it added to your diet.”
Anger bubbled to the surface again. So, he had done it. Part of her had still held on to the hope that he was oblivious. “Chaste berry won’t work,” she informed him, trying to keep her voice in check.
Jalen growled. “And why not? You will not disobey me.”
“The effectiveness of chaste berry is a myth. It might make the body more receptive, but it does not increase fertility.” Sadie took a deep breath. “Regardless, it would not work with me.” 
A muscle jumped in Jalen’s jaw, and for a moment Sadie feared the curse would take over. But his eyes stayed their normal, warm brown as they held hers. There was no doubt he was angry at her, but rage had yet to overcome him.
“You will do this. I have ordered it.” 
“You can’t order me to carry your babe!” 
“I can, and I do,” he replied, the coldness of his voice freezing the blood in her veins. “Did I not buy your service for a year in exchange for your life? We are not yet two months into that agreement, and here you are, denying me what I have decreed I want.” 
“I was to be a distraction. Someone to serve your needs. Not as a broodmare!” She should have a say in whether she became pregnant or not. Carrying a child was in itself life threatening, which did not address the social implications of birthing a bastard. Especially if said child was a royal babe. 
She paused and took a deep breath, turning away to calm her anger. In a quieter tone, she tried again, “In ten months I will be free. Free of you. Free of this palace. Free to be me. I can’t start anew with a babe in my arms, and I refuse to have anyone take my baby from me.” With a frustrated sigh, she added, “You can’t ask this of me.” 
“I want this, and you will do it,” he ground out. 
So stubborn!
“Jalen!” The name slipped from her tongue before she could stop it. “A week ago you wanted nothing to do with me! That pig of a guard made sure I knew I was your cast-off. Someone he could have, since you had discarded me for another.” Her voice caught. “And now you want me pregnant? To carry your bastard—”
“Heir,” Jalen interjected.
“—heir,” Sadie repeated after Jalen corrected her. “I won’t—” She stopped mid-sentence and she gaped at him. Heir? He couldn't be serious. 
“What do you mean, heir?” 
His voice was calm and quiet when he answered her, and his eyes held some indefinable expression—regret? shame? “I will formally recognize any child you carry. You will bear the next king of Zammar.”
“I am nothing but a commoner. Why would you do this?” His declaration made no sense. Sadie searched his eyes, trying to find an answer in them.
“The reasons are my own,” he answered, his voice shuttered. “As the mother of the next king, you will be held in high esteem within the palace and kingdom.” He turned away from her. “After I am gone, King Jameyri ‘Anaq Al-Ahofe will see to your safety.” 
Her safety? She finally understood what this was all about, and she hovered between aggravation and a growing sense of wonder that her well-being meant this much to him. 
“I wish you wouldn’t speak like your death was already a foregone conclusion. If you’d simply let me—”
“Let you what? Help?” he interjected bitterly. “You may have had a thriving herbalist’s practice, but you cannot help me. No one can. But that does not change my decision.”
Her frustration returned.
“And your continued insistence that I must accept your decision does not change mine. There’s more to this than what you’re telling me. I need to know why.”
“Get out,” Jalen ground out, glaring at her.
She had pushed too hard. Nonetheless, she didn’t want to leave without an answer. “No,” she said, and meant it.
“I grow weary of your presence... Get out.” 
“No,” she repeated. “I will not be dismissed so easily. You can’t do this to me. Not without a good reason. You’re not being fair. I would be forever tied to the kingdom. To this place. Never free. Is that really what you want? What you planned for me all along?” She hesitated, unsure about how to proceed. She’d counted on his honor. “You said... a year. You promised me.”
He turned away. “I never expected to care about your well-being as I have grown to do.” 
What glowing praise that is, she thought sarcastically. She guessed that was the closest to a declaration of love he was capable of giving her. Intellectually, she understood that even though she cared for the volatile man a great deal, their relationship could never be. He was royalty and she was not.
“Jalen, I—” 
“Sadie, stop!”
Her anger flashed again. “No! Just because you care about my well-being doesn’t mean I have to carry your child. I have a life. I can return to it and live outside these palace walls—”
His eyes held such sadness when he turned to look at her again. “No, Sadie, you don’t. You are not safe without my protection. Someone is killing anyone claiming healing ability. They tried to kill you once. You leave the palace—this wing, even—and you will be dead.”
Sadie gulped. That meant her almost execution had been no accident.
“But that doesn’t explain—”
“Yes it does,” he interrupted, his tone defeated. “I will be dead in less than a year. I want you protected—now—and after.” He ran his thumb against her lower lip but his tone was hard, uncompromising when he continued. “You will carry the next heir to Zammar. It is the only way. I have decided this, and you will obey.”
Sadie pushed his hand away, furious now. Not only was he wanting to decide her fate, but he refused to even listen to her. She didn’t know what made her do it, but before she could fully process the thought, she’d slapped him across the face. Hard.
“You are a wart on a camel’s behind!” She turned from him before he reacted to her abuse, and rushed out, almost slamming into Kadar’s chest as she reached the door.
“Sadie?” Kadar inquired, sounding puzzled and worried.
“He’s worse than a sandcat in heat,” she snarled back and left at a run, afraid Jalen would try to force her to stay.

***

Of all the high-handed, asinine things to do, he’d chosen an innocent babe as a way to save her from himself and his palace’s intrigues. Sadie stomped back and forth in her room. Her thoughts whirled inside her mind and her heart clenched in pain as she thought back about their confrontation. 
A dry hell! When had it happened? When did Jalen steal her heart and make her long for a future she could not have? 
With a frustrated groan, she cursed herself. If what Jalen said was true, her life would be forfeit if she left the palace. It galled her. Here she was—a healer of skill and power, and until recently sought by her neighbors—now threatened by an unknown enemy. She refused to believe a babe was the solution to ensure her safety. She would fight to keep her freedom.
Freedom...
Even if she were to win that freedom tomorrow, she couldn’t leave Jalen. Not now that she knew what plagued him. Every instinct she possessed screamed for her to help him, whatever the cost.
But she needed her mother’s notes. Without them, she would be going in blind and might well kill both of them.
“You’ll wear a hole in his highness’s expensive wool rugs with your pacing.”
Sadie whirled toward the door, where she saw Kadar leaning against the frame. “Don’t you knock anymore, captain?” Sadie asked, annoyed at being interrupted while she was in such a frantic state.
“Not when the control of my palace is in question.”
“I am not a threat to your palace.”
“No, but Jalen is,” Kadar replied. His use of the prince’s given name surprised Sadie. Captain Kadar ‘Ibn Al-Amar liked to keep everything professional. He was agitated now, and it made Sadie wonder how bad his own discussion with Jalen had been.
“The curse?”
Kadar’s jaw worked, as if he were gritting his teeth, before he answered, “Among other things. It’s altering how he behaves and how he thinks: his passions, his rages, everything that made him who he is, is now exaggerated.” He stopped and ran hand through his brown hair. “Even a few weeks ago, we could prepare for episodes that took over his consciousness, but now they are not just episodes. The curse has become an extension of his thoughts and actions. It used to let his essence retreat until the rage passed. Now...” Kadar hesitated. “He never would have tried to kill her highness’s younger brother, before.”
“The queen’s brother?” Sadie had difficulty picturing Jalen trying to kill a fellow royal. 
“Marek,” Kadar supplied. “The current queen—King Jameyri 'Anaq Al-Ahofe’s second wife—is a formidable enemy, that even Jalen dares not cross.” He hesitated. “At least while the king is alive. If Jalen dies before fathering a babe... her son becomes the heir apparent.” 
Kadar tried to smile at her, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “He cares for you in his own way, though. No matter how poorly he shows it. I understand the agreement you share, but I don’t condone his behavior.” His expression changed, growing concerned. “He is of the entitled class and is used to getting his way. I beg your forgiveness of his actions. I ask this on his behalf and without his consent. If you have any chance of halting this illness, will you still do it?”
Sadie nodded. “Even without your plea, I would still help. Did you find my family’s books? My mother’s notes?”
Kadar shook his head. “No, I didn’t. Your home and your shop... they are no more.”
“What do you mean no more?” Her heart thudded in her chest. She’d counted on going back to her home when this was all done, regardless of the threat to her life.
“Its been burnt to the ground. Not a timber remains in the ashes.”
Kadar didn’t try to soften the blow, and Sadie reeled from the news. Her knees grew weak and she stumbled to the bed platform to sit down. “Gone? My home?”
How would she cure Jalen without the notes and her mother’s books? She knew no one else who had performed the counterspell. “My mother’s notes have been destroyed?”
“It would appear so,” Kadar replied. “But not all is lost. Your neighbor claimed your house and shop were looted before the fire took hold. I’m pursuing those leads. Maybe your books are still to be found.”
Sadie hoped so, with all her heart. She’d be lost without them. And without them, Prince Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri had almost no chance at all.

***

“Drop it,” Jalen grumbled. He was in no mood to deal with Kadar at the moment. His last conversation with Sadie had left him feeling like a wretched fool and his friend’s insistence that the pretty herbalist was actually a magical healer was getting old. She was no magical healer, and he wished Kadar would stop harping on it. 
His Sadie had refused him. Every oholibah in the palace would have jumped at the chance, but she had told him “no” in no uncertain terms. And then she’d slapped him. Him! His left cheek still bore her hand print. 
Jalen shuddered. If she’d dawdled for even a moment more, the beast that was always close to the surface now would have harmed her.
At least Kadar had been in the anteroom at the time or Sadie might not have made it back to her room. As it was, the beast had stalked out of his chambers and into the points of his guards’ drawn swords. 
“I will not drop it,” Kadar retorted. “You are a stubborn fool and could have been healed weeks ago if not for your own arrogance. But it’s not too late. Sadie claims she can help you: restore some of your sanity. Your sense of self. I beg you, as a friend, let her try.” 
“If she had any magical ability, why did you have to intervene when Marek attacked her in the garden?”
“She—”
Jalen finished his sentence for him. “Had already knocked him out by the time you’d arrived. You’ve told me this before, but I have no proof it was done using magic. It could just as well have been a well-placed hit.”
“Jalen, listen to me—”  
“Fine!” Jalen interrupted, his temper threatening to bubble over once more. “Have her prove to me she can wield magic and I’ll reconsider my position.”
Kadar saluted Jalen stiffly and stalked out of the room. Jalen didn’t think he would see his friend again for some time, but he was wrong. After what felt like only moment, Kadar returned, tugging a unhappy-looking Sadie behind him.
The beast flexed in Jalen’s mind. It didn’t like how Kadar’s hand held Sadie’s in his own. Jalen took a deep breath and fortified his mental defenses. It wouldn’t be prudent to harm his most loyal supporter and friend. 
He looked to Sadie. She’d bathed since this morning, and her glorious fire red hair was pulled back into a loose braid. He itched to run his hands through it again. Already, the beast had forgiven her and wanted to have her squirming, panting, and screaming his name. Seeking her eyes, he studied the emotions within their depths. There, he saw sadness, anger, hurt, a touch of fear, and an unfathomable emotion he couldn’t decipher. 
She returned his appraising glance with a cool one of her own. “Am I here for my punishment, my prince?” she asked, wary.
So, Kadar hadn’t taken the time to explain anything to her. He must have been in a great hurry. “No, that is not the reason for your presence here.”
Jalen saw a flicker of relief cross her expression, and part of him hated the fact she had been afraid of his reaction. He did not want his little firebrand afraid of him. He wanted... He sighed. He didn’t know what he wished for anymore.
As uncomfortable silence fell in the room, Jalen’s eyes traveled down Sadie’s lush body until they encountered Kadar’s grip on her wrist. 
Jalen snapped his eyes back to Kadar. “You are dismissed.”
Kadar gave Sadie a concerned look, which she replied to with a smile and a nod. Annoyed, Jalen snapped, “I’m in perfect control. Now leave us.”
He waited while Kadar saluted and left the room before turning to Sadie again. “Kadar tells me you saved yourself in the garden. How did you incapacitate Marek?”
“I gave him a headache.” 
He hadn’t been expecting that answer. “A headache... Do you mean you knocked him out?”
Surely she meant she had hit him on the head.
Sadie smiled ruefully. “In a manner of speaking. I cut the blood flow to his brain long enough to render him unconscious.” She shook her head. “I didn’t want to do it, but I won’t let anyone try to force themselves on me.” 
Jalen frowned. “Show me what you did to Marek.” 
“No,” came her harsh reply. “This isn’t something I am willing to demonstrate. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“It wasn’t a request,” Jalen said, a warning in his voice.
“This isn’t negotiable. My powers aren’t a circus act to be demonstrated at will. And I won’t hurt you just to prove I can do it.” 
They faced each other for a long moment, Jalen scowling and Sadie answering his glare with one of her own. She would not budge, he realized. He recognized the stubborn tilt of her chin and the glint in her eyes. 
He sighed. The idea of forcing her—and thus breaking her trust once again—wasn’t one he relished, but he needed this proof before allowing himself to hope. He would simply have to go about it in a different way. 
In two long strides, he reached his bed platform. He retrieved the blade he kept hidden under his pillows. Before he thought better of it, he jabbed the blade into the soft underside of his left arm and sliced downward, laying it open from elbow to wrist. 
At once, blood began to pulse and run down his arm, dripping to the floor in a mosaic of red that quickly expanded outward. Bone, ivory white against the open flesh, peeked out from the wound. He realized he had also slashed through the main artery when he started feeling light-headed. He staggered back and sat on the edge of his bed, watching his own blood pool on the floor at his feet. He felt dispassionate and strangely removed from the action. The knife slid out of his nerveless fingers, and he chuckled weakly.
“Your move, little firebrand,” he muttered as Sadie watched him in horror.
“Jalen! You fool!” she gasped and hastened to his side.
She grabbed his arm—her hands were covered with his blood in seconds—and held the ruined pieces of his flesh together, muttering something unintelligible under her breath. Almost instantly, a warm tingle spread along his arm and a deep itch manifested at the wound’s edges. He shuddered and closed his eyes as she kept working on him. 
Within moments, all discomfort faded away, taking with it the last traces of the pain he experienced. He reopened his eyes to look down at his arm. The sight of it left him speechless. The wound was gone, completely healed in less than a minute. Only a faint scar marked the location of the injury, and even that might fade in time. 
“You shouldn’t have done this,” she scolded him, frowning deeply. She sounded tired and exasperated, and sweat beaded on her forehead. “You could have died!”
He didn’t care; anything less drastic might not have pushed her to act and heal his wound. 
“You truly are a magical healer,” he whispered, daring to hope at last.	
With a baleful look, she replied, “So I have been trying to tell you. There were better ways to request your proof than trying to kill yourself.”
She stepped back, and Jalen saw her staggering. He frowned, suddenly worried. Had healing him tired her this much?
“Sadie?”
“Just... just leave me alone,” she muttered before rushing away. Jalen didn’t try to stop her.
She just missed crashing into Kadar, who—Jalen assumed—had opened the door to investigate the commotion. Kadar caught her arm before she could leave. 
“What happened here?” Kadar exclaimed as his eyes travelled from Jalen’s bloodied arm to the pool of already congealing blood on the floor.
“A miracle, my friend.... A miracle.”
“Of all the stupid, hare-brained things to do...” Sadie muttered at same time. “He had to try to kill himself.”
Kadar let go of her arm and let her leave the room before turning back to Jalen. He shook his head in disgust. “Jalen, sometimes you are worse than a drunken hippo.” 
 
EPILOGUE

Jalen pushed away the report on troops movement sent by his general on the battlefield and rubbed the back of his neck. It was close to the end of even-watch and he was sitting at his desk, in his office at the palace, and that fact angered him. This was his battle to fight; he should be on the field with his soldiers instead of sitting here, waiting for the curse to kill him. 
Or not. Sadie’s demonstration of her power that evening had given him the first real hope of salvation since the beginning of his ordeal. But he wasn’t certain he wanted to request her help. He had seen how draining simply curing an open wound had been. How much worse would it be were he to ask her to fight off the curse?
Dare he put her life in danger in the hope of saving his?
Serafah interrupted his brooding when he entered the study. Jalen looked up and gave the man a warning glare. Since when did his own servants not knock on his door before they entered?
“What is it, Serafah? Can’t you see I am busy.”
“I am sorry to disturb you, your highness,” Serafah replied, sounding uncomfortable. “But his majesty is back and he is requesting your presence in the throne room tomorrow at the first hour.”
“My presence.” Jalen took a deep steadying breath. It could only be about Marek. Queen Devi must have broached the subject at the first opportunity. “Has he said anything else?”
“No, your highness. Only that you present yourself to him without fail.” He hesitated before he added, “It was an order, not a request.”
Without waiting for his dismissal, Serafah slinked out the of the room. Probably a good thing, Jalen thought.
He looked down to his hands. They trembled—enough so that he had to put down his quill. Their tell-tale tremors were a sign. He called out to alert Yusuf. The last conscious part of his mind, the part that hadn’t given over to the upcoming episode, was thankful he’d been given an advance warning. He would have enough time to get to the training room tonight. 
 
UP IN FLAMES:
ONE

The sweat trickled between Prince Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri’s shoulder blades, down his back, and pooled at the sash tied around his waist. Sweat made his indigo silk tunic cling to his skin, and the rich golden embroideries decorating it itched enough to be a distraction. He longed to shed the constrictive garments and his decorative scimitar, but ceremony demanded he dressed befitting his station whenever he presented himself in front of his father. 
He stood at attention facing King Jameyri 'Anaq Al-Ahofe, with the captain of his personal guard, Kadar Ibn’ Al-Amar, behind him. Sitting next to the king was the new queen—Queen Devi Al-Jameyri—a year into her ascendancy. Her lush, dark curls were artfully arranged in a sweeping coiffure, and her rich silk gown shimmered softly in the sunlight as she sat on the queen’s throne, watching him while the king spoke. 
At twenty-seven, Jalen’s new step-mother was a year younger than himself, and at one time had seemed like a favorable match for him. That is, until she attracted King Jameyri’s eye. The wedding had been a swift affair. The need for more children was a driving force for the king since his late queen—and Jalen’s mother—had not produced another son before her death. Queen Devi had made him happy soon after the consummation of their marriage by producing a long-awaited second son. The babe was not yet a year old.
“Protecting your mistress—especially one who is not oholibah—is not a valid reason to attack a member of our royal family.” The king’s irate voice echoed in the empty throne room, making Jalen cringe inwardly. 
The strength of the voice did not match the physique of the man. At fifty-four, King Jameyri showed the weight of years of indulgence, of no exercise, and too much rich food. His dark blue tunic strained at the seams, and his gut threatened to spill out at any moment. Jalen pitied the young woman at his side—if only for the fact she had to suffer his bulk in the marriage bed.  
King Jameyri interrupted his thoughts when he made a motion with his hand to someone behind Jalen. “And strangling the queen’s brother with your magic cannot be ignored. Or go unpunished. It will require some form of restitution.” 
Jalen hadn’t just strangled the would-be rapist pig. He’d focused his entire curse-induced rage toward the man for daring to attack his Sadie. Anger and frustration at the situation had allowed the beast to break through his defenses and take over without his knowledge. He had to still his hand from reaching up to rub his neck and face where the tendrils of the curse swirled just under his skin, never quite painful, but nonetheless irritating. 
“It will not happen again, sire,” Jalen replied, tight-lipped. “But I protect what’s mine.”
“I should have her removed from the palace. She clearly has been given too much freedom.” The king paused and scowled at Jalen, making him feel like a disobedient child all over again. 
He didn’t know if it was the curse or some long-buried desire to rebel, but Jalen wanted to throw a tantrum to get out of the lecture. Could a twenty-eight year old prince, and heir to a kingdom, be punished? He expected his father would try. Not that it would stop him, though.
“But I won’t,” King Jameyri continued. “For one, I know you too well. You would find some other way to get what you want. And then—” King Jameyri’s voice grew soft, sad “—it’s clear the Shifting Sands Curse is to blame. It has advanced to a level where you cannot control yourself anymore.” He sighed. “Enjoy your mistress, for she is the last woman you will have access to.”
Wait—
The king gained his feet and looked around the room, managing to look commanding and regal in spite of his girth. In a commanding tone, he decreed, “I hereby revoke your rank as general. Your duties to the kingdom are no longer. I strip you of your access to any and all of the oholibah and palace servants. From now on, you are to be confined to your own wing of the palace.” The king held his gaze steady on Jalen. “Is the talisman ready?” he called to someone behind Jalen.
“Yes, your majesty,” came the reply.
“Bring it forward.”
Before Jalen could turn toward the voice behind him, the weight of a sturdy chain settled on his chest. He tried to look down at it before it was fastened to his neck, but failed to move fast enough. As it was pulled tight against his throat, a strange numbness travelled down his chest and limbs. Jalen staggered, feeling his powers drain away. The sensation was not unlike trying to hold water in his cupped hands while it poured through his fingers. 
Struggling to keep calm, Jalen asked, “What did you do?”  
“This talisman will nullify your magic.” The king again softened his voice, his expression holding great sorrow. “I’m sorry, my son. It’s for everyone’s safety that I do this.”
What? No... 
The king looked over Jalen’s shoulder, one more time. “Captain Al’Amar?” King Jameyri added. “Escort the prince back to his quarters and make sure he stays there.”
Blistering suns!

***

Kadar put his hand on Jalen’s shoulders and guided him to a sitting position. “Sit. I’ll be right back.”
Jalen sank onto the bench in the anteroom of his chambers, and slid his hands through his hair, still shocked by the king’s edict. Confined to his wing? Locked in? No longer able to serve his kingdom as a general or heir? Worse yet: collared like a dog. He couldn’t believe it.
“Here,” Kadar said as he returned to his side, and handed him a mug of desert grass liqueur. “Drink this. I have work to do, but it shouldn’t take too long.”
Jalen glanced at the mug and then back to Kadar, not making a move.
“Come on, friend. If there is ever a moment when you can allow yourself the solace of alcohol, it’s this one.” 
Finally, Jalen nodded, took the container from Kadar, and took a swig of the distilled beverage. It burned on the way down and settled like a boulder in his stomach. And yet, Kadar was right; instantly he felt somewhat better.
Kadar nodded, apparently satisfied, and walked out of the room without another word, leaving Jalen with his thoughts. 
A dry hell! Jalen reached up, took off his mask, and tossed it aside. He had no more reason to wear it from now on. Right this moment, Kadar was out there clearing his wing of the palace of its personnel. Only his personal guard would remain until the end. Them, and Sadie. 
Now what? Jalen wondered, staring at the wall in front of him.
“Want another?” 
Jalen started. He hadn’t noticed Kadar coming back. He looked down at his mug, and was surprised to find it empty. When had he drunk it all? 
“Yes,” he said with a sigh.
Kadar nodded to him and fetched the jug from the other side of the room. When he returned, he filled Jalen’s mug and took a cup for himself and sat down next to him. “I cleared the wing of servants and gave all but Siddig the night off.” 
“What of Sadie?”
“She’s in her room. She doesn’t know yet.” 
Silence stretched between them, until Kadar spoke again. “I’m sorry, Jalen.”
“I’m not mad yet. This—” Jalen reached up and fingered the necklace around his neck “—was unnecessary. Not yet, at least. And Sadie—”
“Not necessary?” Kadar interrupted. His voice expressed more emotion than usual. “You tried to kill Marek with your magic and didn’t even realize you were in a rage.” He paused and took a deep breath. When he spoke again, he had regained his composure. “If the curse has already progressed this far, are you able to sit here and tell me you wouldn’t ever turn that hidden strength on your guards? On me?” Kadar sighed, and took a gulp of the liqueur from his own mug. “If that were to happen, we would be powerless to stop you.”
Jalen reluctantly agreed. If Kadar held concern for the guards, then Jalen’s curse controlled him more than he realized. 
“No one really wishes to control you this way, least of all me, but we can’t let you rage unchecked anymore.”
They both sipped their drinks as the enormity of Kadar’s words settled on Jalen’s shoulders and heart. There was no running away from it now. The end was near and he needed to prepare for it. 
With a heavy heart, Jalen ordered, “Have one of the guests rooms fitted with restraints. I trust you’ll know when to secure...” He couldn’t finish his sentence.  
If Kadar was taken aback by the request, he didn’t show it, and his calm expression never changed. “You are being melodramatic. I, for one, haven’t lost hope. Sadie will find a cure before it’s too late. Besides, I have something else for you to contemplate.”
Jalen was curious almost in spite of himself. “What is it?”
“I think her highness is up to something.”
Jalen turned his head to look Kadar in the eyes. “What do you mean?”
“You might not have seen it, but I was looking at her highness while your father spoke. She appeared on the verge of arguing when he allowed Sadie to stay with you. I’ve rarely seen her looking this angry.” Kadar’s lips thinned. “She definitely didn’t approve.”  
Jalen frowned. “Sadie is no threat to her, or anyone else in the palace. That is certainly what Father thinks at the very least. No one will mourn her passing or demand retribution if I kill her. So, why would Devi become angry? Because her brother wants Sadie for himself?”
“That is the question now, isn’t it?” 
“Are you accusing her of some sort of foul play?”
Kadar laughed harshly. “Hardly. I like my head to stay firmly attached to my neck.”
“I wish you would speak your mind, Kadar,” Jalen said with a scowl.
“Not yet. I have no proof, and I might well be wrong.”
“I can’t see Devi of all people actively conspiring against me. Not her.”
“Hmm...” was Kadar’s only answer.
“Elaborate.”
“Think about it. If you were to die, her highness stands to one day become Zammar’s regent. Your father is getting on in age and is in ill health. Chances are good her son would ascend the throne before his majority.”
“I think you are looking at the wrong malcontents.” Jalen looked at the mug in his hand. “We were a compatible match before her marriage to Father. I will concede, though, that intrigue is thick in the main palace and second sons are usually pawns. But Devi? Her involvement, surely, is the wrong avenue to travel.”
“I defer to your judgement.”
“No, you don’t, you old, blind, and cranky hippo. That is why I trust you,” Jalen joked, his humor forced. “And what of your mission? Did you learn more about Sadie’s attacker?”
“Nothing more, I’m afraid.”
Jalen heard something in his friend’s voice, and turned his head in Kadar’s direction. “But... you have learned something else.”
Kadar’s nod confirmed his suspicion. 
“And?”
“Last night, before your stunt—” Kadar motioned to Jalen’s forearm “—I had to tell Sadie that I was unable to recover her personal library from her home.” He hesitated. “Her home has been burned to the ground. At first, I believed it was a result of overzealous looters. But it was no accident. Someone ordered it.”  
The beast within Jalen needed to move—to lash out—and it forced him to his feet. He started pacing while Kadar continued his explanation.
“The hired mercenary had an accomplice. They joked and bragged at a tavern the night before about how they would...” When Kadar trailed off Jalen looked his way. Kadar looked angry. He watched his friend take a steadying breath. “One would burn the house, while the other... dealt with Sadie. They laughed about taking turns. Apparently they had a system in place already; Sadie wasn’t the first. She was smart to use her power when she did. Even if it landed her in the kingdom’s jail. I, too, would have preferred death.”
They sat in silence for a while. Jalen could imagine what the men had planned for their female victims. Thinking about it angered him.
“Did you kill him?”
“The mercenary is dead, yes.”
Eventually Kadar met his gaze and offered him more desert grass liqueur. “It gets worse,” he said. “I recognized the name of his accomplice.”
“And?”
“I traced his contacts all the way back to the palace. There, the trail grows cold. No one is willing to talk to me; people are afraid. But someone high-ranked in the palace is pulling the strings, of this I’m certain. Possibly someone close to the royal family.”
Kadar stopped, letting Jalen digest the information. Someone in the palace wanted the curse to kill him. Someone important. But who? Might Kadar be right about the queen? But that seemed impossible.
“Is there anything you can do?” he finally asked.
“Maybe.” Kadar shook his head. “Everyone in the palace knows my position, and outside this wing, loyalties to you are hard to come by. But I haven’t given up hope.”
Jalen sighed. “Keep trying.” At least, now he knew why Sadie had been targeted. As a magical healer, someone had wanted her dead. He paced up and down the room a few more time before stopping in front of Kadar again. He emptied his mug in one gulp, before finally asking, “Do you think she can really heal me?” 
“She said she would try,” Kadar replied. “But the longer she waits, the harder it will get for both of you.”
“I still have time.”
“You’re in denial, Jalen. Do you even know when a rage is coming anymore?” 
Jalen hated to admit it, but he wasn’t certain he did. 
Kadar clapped him on the shoulder. “You’re tired, I’m tired. Go to bed. Or better yet, go to Sadie. You two have a lot to discuss.” He paused and smiled at Jalen before standing and walking toward the door. “I need some sleep. Everything will look different in the morning, and we’ll prepare a strategy to deal with the future.”
“Kadar...” Jalen stopped him.
“Yes?”
“When did I start to care?”
“About Sadie? I don’t know, Jalen,” Kadar replied. “I don’t know.”
“Blistering suns, I’ve made a mess of things, haven’t I?” 
“Yes.” Kadar smiled at him. “Not all is lost. Go now, and don’t forget to apologize! For all your stunts. You might be surprised at the response you get.”
Jalen nodded in reply and Kadar saluted before leaving him again. Jalen grabbed the jug off the floor and refilled his mug. He drained it and stood. He would take Kadar’s advice and go talk to Sadie. 

***

Sadie’s eyes popped open, and she stared at the darkened ceiling for a few seconds. Blinking, she yawned and looked to the window. It was still full dark outside, and no bird sang in the garden. What had woken her up? She dragged a hand across her eyes and sat up on her bed to look around.
The room was calm, quiet except for the water gently gurgling from the fountain in the corner. Sadie shrugged, and was about to settle back in and go back to sleep when the silence of the palace intruded on her thoughts. Strange. There always was some sort of noise in the hallway, even at night. Unlike Jalen, she didn’t have an anteroom to muffle the sound of the servants moving about their business.
Uneasy, she slipped out of bed and went to investigate. She opened the door, expecting to ask the guard on duty—it should be Taj tonight—if there was something wrong, but there was no one there. Not only were the guards absent from outside her door, there were no servants anywhere in sight in the halls. The utter emptiness of the corridor made her skin crawl and did nothing to calm her nerves. 
She quickly retreated. Something was wrong and it seemed prudent to stay in her room until she knew the details. Had Jalen fallen into one of his rages? That would explain Taj’s absence at her door, but not the missing servants.
A knock sounded on her door and she jolted. Heart beating madly, she looked around her bedroom for something she could use for protection, and she scolded herself for her jumpiness. Chances were it was only Taj coming to check on her after returning to his post.
“Come in,” she called, feeling disgusted when she heard her voice waver.
The door opened, and to her surprise, Jalen stepped through. He turned to latch the door closed before turning to face her again. No guards stood with him, and he looked a bit disheveled as he approached her. 
Sadie’s heartbeat accelerated and her breath caught in her throat. She’d never seen him in his formal finery before. When he wore anything at all in her presence, it was usually loose-fitting linen pants or his military uniform. He looked handsome and regal wearing the deep blue tunic with its delicate embroideries representing the Zammar sun in three tones of gold and silver. He sported white linen pants, and a deep red sash tied his jewel encrusted scimitar at his waist. He looked every bit the king he was destined to become.
But, the most startling thing of all, he wasn’t wearing his mask. He never left his rooms without it. 
Across his right cheek and neck, the curse swirled slowly, occasionally flicking all the way up to his hairline. Sadie assumed that meant the curse was idle. The tendrils disappeared inside his tunic and she wondered how far it spread now. 
When her eyes finally met his, she was taken aback at the need she saw reflected in them. His gaze held a desperate hunger that she’d never witnessed before. Surprisingly, there was no lust there, none of the possessiveness his expression usually carried. He looked raw—naked—even within his garments. It did something to her heart, and she felt the pull. Her body answered with an instant need, just as strong as the one he projected. Her great ancestors be damned, she wanted him to make love to her in spite of her anger.
As Jalen came closer to her, Sadie also realized that he smelled of alcohol. She pursed her lips. She had never known him to drink before. 
“Are you drunk?”
He didn’t answer.
“What’s wrong?” 
Jalen finally closed the distance between them and pressed a finger against her mouth to stop her talking. Unnamed emotions flickered across his face as he stared down at her. Gently, he tilted her chin up and brushed his thumb over her lower lip, pulling it down before he leaned in and kissed her. Excitement coursed through her veins. He’d never kissed her before—too intimate for their relationship—and his mouth felt warm on hers now. His tongue caressed her bottom lip, as if asking for permission, and she opened up for him. He slid a hand behind her head and deepened the kiss, drawing soft moans from both of them as their tongues made contact. He tasted of alcohol and spices, and the intimacy of their position made her knees grow weak. 
Jalen ran his fingers through her hair and massaged the nape of her neck while he explored her mouth, tangling his tongue with hers. The tenderness of his caress sent shivers down Sadie’s spine and she pressed herself closer, wrapping her arms around his neck to anchor herself.  Jalen’s free hand slid down her back to her waist and pulled her flush with his body. She felt his erection press into her lower stomach even through their clothes, and she longed to feel his skin against hers. In spite of her anger and annoyance at the things he had done recently, she grew wet at the thought of him thrusting inside her. She just couldn’t stay mad at him for long. 
After a long moment, Jalen finally broke off the kiss. 
“I have so much to say,” he whispered. “But let me have this before I do.”
Physically, Sadie couldn’t agree more, but the part of her that was still angry at him balked. But then, he added, almost inaudibly, “Please.” With that one word, he conveyed more desperation and aching need than Sadie thought possible from him. 
Jalen was pleading with her, and she didn’t think the mighty prince had ever pleaded with anyone before. Knowing this, the last of her defenses crumbled. They could talk afterward, she decided. Right now, she needed him just as much as he needed her. With a groan, she went to capture his lips again. 
Jalen loosened his hold on her hair and dropped his hand to her shoulder. His other hand scooped her up behind the knees, and he lifted her, not once breaking the kiss. He carried her to her bed and set her down on the mattress, encasing her between his arms as he leaned over her. However, their passionate kiss couldn’t last forever, and before Sadie could stop him, he pulled away from her.
The prince stood and stepped away from her, untying his sash as he moved. He set his blade on the low table next to the bed. Then he rejoined her where she lay and looked down at her, his expression shuttered.
Sadie gazed back up at him, unsure of his mood. “My prince, I—”
He stopped her. “Just Jalen at the moment.” 
His tone told her something wasn’t right. “My prince, what—” 
Again, Jalen interrupted her. “I like it when you say my name.” 
“Yes... Jalen.” Even though she’d uttered his name before—mostly in the solitude of her own mind—the word felt foreign on her lips. She forgot her own awkwardness though at Jalen’s smile of appreciation. It was so different from his usual smirks—always so self-aware and guarded. His current smile made him look younger, more open, and if possible even more handsome. It invited her in like nothing had before. 
Sadie closed her eyes when Jalen bent down again, expecting to feel his lips on hers at any moment. Instead, he trailed kisses across both of her eyelids, her temples, and then the tip of her nose before he finally recaptured her mouth. His free hand traveled down her side to her hip, and Sadie’s skin erupted in goosebumps. His downward motion stilled when he reached the hem of her sleep tunic.
“Interesting choice of garment,” he murmured, a smile in his voice. 
Sadie blushed. The evening of Marek’s attack, when Jalen had cut off the kamiz and skirt she’d worn to his chambers, he had loaned her one of his own linen tunics to return to her own bedroom. He’d not requested it back, and she had taken to wearing it to sleep ever since that night. 
“As of late, there has been a disturbing lack of privacy in this room. I was tired of diving for the covers when someone entered unannounced.”
Sadie felt him tense by her side and his hand clenched, fisting the hem of the tunic. She hadn’t meant to infuriate him with her comment. She reached up and ran her hand through his short black hair in an effort to calm him, and let her hand trail down along the stubble of his cheek. “It’s alright,” she assured him and smiled. “I like wearing it.”
Her caress had the desired effect, and he relaxed his hold on her clothing.
“Your privacy will not be disturbed again. I will make sure of it,” he assured her.
“It isn’t necessary,” she started saying, but forgot the rest of her statement when Jalen gently sucked the tip of her earlobe in his mouth and began to nibble on it. Sadie gasped at the tickling sensation of his tongue on her ear. At the same time, his hand slipped under the hem of her tunic and rested on her abdomen. Her skin twitched in anticipation.
Jalen’s mouth left her ear, and he trailed a path back to her lips for a soft, lingering kiss. Sadie felt a shiver travel down her spine as his free hand traveled higher until he could cup her breast. 
When he went to tease her nipple with his thumb, Sadie let a moan escape her lips. Every one of his light touches thrilled her, sending chills down her spine. She arched toward him, wanting more.
Jalen groaned and let go before rolling to the edge of the bed. 
He was acting strangely, Sadie thought, and his reaction confused her. Jalen usually moved with purpose: arousing her quickly, intent on her satisfaction, and then seeking his own release. Tonight’s leisurely pace—and the fact he had now stopped—unsettled her. 
Curious, she sat back up to better look at him. She quirked an eyebrow when she saw his smile. “These itch,” he said, and pulled off his tunic. For a moment it caught on a chain at his throat, before he finally tugged it free with a muttered curse. He tossed the garment to the side. Sadie leaned forward and touched one of the writhing shadows that curled around his neck and down his arm. 
“Does it hurt?”
“No,” he answered with a shrug. “But it tingles and the embroidery only makes the feeling worse.”
She nodded in understanding. She wished she could help. Perhaps he would let her soothe his skin? He seemed more approachable than usual. “I could try to ease your discomfort.”
He hesitated before saying, “A reprieve would help.”
Sadie nodded and shifted so she could sit behind him with her legs on either side of his hips. Focusing inward, she called up enough energy to soothe his irritated skin. She placed her hands on Jalen’s shoulder where the curse curled down his arm. His muscles jumped as her power seeped into his flesh.
Immediately, the curse reacted. The black tendrils moved and curled around Sadie’s fingertips. She watched, fascinated by the way the shadows writhed and circled around the entry points of her power, as if possessing a will of their own. Jalen tensed his shoulders, and she thought she heard him hiss in pain.
Sadie pulled back on her magic and eventually, Jalen sighed in relief. As his muscles relaxed, the curse slowed its movements and unwound itself from where her fingertips touched him. She let the power flow gently for another minute before removing her hands. Her fingers tingled, but instead of pulling away, she let her fingertips trace the edges of the tattooed Zammar sun on Jalen’s back. 
She knew the energy still trapped in her hands would be felt wherever she touched, and it would provide additional relief to his sore muscles. Besides, she’d wanted to touch his back in such a fashion ever since the time she had given him that massage in the bathing pool, and now seemed like the right time to indulge.
She continued to stroke Jalen’s back, even after the last of her energy dissipated, until eventually he pulled away from her. He stood and turned to kneel in front of her, pulling her into his embrace. He rested his chin on top of her head and she pressed her cheek to his warm chest. She breathed in his scent—masculine, with just a hint of the same soap she was using—and let it wash over her. She enjoyed the closeness, the strong beats of his heart under her ear, but concern made her speak up after a while. “What’s wrong, Jalen?”
“Later,” he replied. “Let me just enjoy this moment.”
Sadie nodded.
His hands left her back and slipped lower until she felt him catch hold of the hem of her tunic. He pulled it up, and she raised her arms so he could slip it over her head. After tossing it aside, Jalen stood and removed his boots and his pants. Naked now, he returned to her side, and beckoned her closer. “Come.” Sadie didn’t hesitate and settled back onto the mattress next to him. 
The butterflies returned to her stomach when he reached out and brushed her hair from her cheek. “You are quite beautiful,” he murmured. 
Her eyes searched his, but before she could speak, he stilled her mouth with another scorching kiss. This one was more like what she’d come to expect of him. It held an edge, a demand that she couldn’t help but answer with hunger of her own. Her sex clenched. His hand returned to her breast and teased her taut nipple with his thumb. She moaned low in her throat.
Sadie wanted to take his hand and guide it to her core, but she knew better. If she pushed him, he might stop and then she’d be left wanting. Unfulfilled. Fortunately, Jalen seemed to know what she needed. He trailed his hand down her side and brushed against the crease of her thighs, and she whimpered. She twisted her hips toward him, the reaction almost involuntary.
Jalen broke off the kiss to look at her again, desire blazing in his eyes, and he held her gaze as he ran his fingers along her sex. Sadie thought her eyes would cross in bliss when he dipped the tips between her folds. He chuckled at her reaction and slid a finger inside her. Her body tensed, and she arched her back with a sigh of pleasure.
Jalen added a second finger, filling and stretching her further, and swirled his thumb over her sensitive bud. The motion raised Sadie’s level of arousal another notch. She tried to keep still, like she knew he would want, but her body betrayed her, and she started to rock her hips against his hand. Jalen let her dictate the speed of his touch for a few moments more before stopping. 
Sadie stilled and whimpered at the sudden loss. She shivered. Her sexual haze was just starting to clear when Jalen knelt between her legs, resting her thighs over his. He rubbed the tip of his fully-erect cock along her folds before thrusting all the way inside her. 
He leaned over her, resting his weight on his forearms, and started to rock his hips slowly. Then, he slid his hands under her back, caging her in the warmth of his embrace. Sadie wrapped her arms around his back and encouraged him with little mewls of pleasure.
“Jalen,” she murmured, trailing light kisses along his throat.
She heard him catch his breath, and he increased the pace of his thrusts. “Blistering suns!” he groaned. “It’s like you were made for me.” 
She ground her hips harder against his. Jalen cursed again, reverently, and his motions became somewhat erratic. He thrusted inside a few more times, hard and fast, and then he tensed—holding his breath. Sadie felt him shudder, and he exhaled in a groan, burying his head in her neck. 
A minute passed before he raised his head again and kissed her. 
“Forgive me. I could not wait.” Jalen’s expression looked pained. “I will make it up to you.”
He withdrew himself, and Sadie sighed in protest.
“You are a greedy little thing, aren’t you?” Jalen said as he stretched out beside her, a smile in his voice.
His fingers returned to her clitoris and started tracing lazy circles around the tender bud of flesh. He slid two fingers inside her and moved them around until he found the one spot that made her want to thrash and scream. He was observing her, assessing the height of her arousal, tweaking his movements to bring her closer and closer to orgasm with every swirl of his thumb, every thrust of his fingers. 
Very soon, she clutched at the bed sheet, throwing her head back in ecstasy. Jalen didn’t stop caressing her while she cried out his name, intent on milking her orgasm for all it could give. Each touch made her muscles contract in response, drawing out her climax a little longer. Finally, she reached down to still his hand, unable to take any more of this pleasure so intense it was pain.
They rested there for a few minutes, panting, with his hand still possessively cupping her sex, before he sighed and raised himself up on his elbow again. Sadie turned her head towards him and opened her eyes. Jalen was gazing at her with such longing, she had to know what was on his mind. But before she could ask, he spoke.
“I would like to clean up before we discuss... matters. Please join me?”
Sadie nodded. Whatever they had to say to each other could wait a few more minutes.
 
TWO

Jalen wasn’t looking forward to apologizing, or explaining any of the events that had taken place this past day. Yet Sadie deserved to know what happened. With a groan, Jalen rolled away from the comfort of her embrace, and sat up. He would need to tell Siddig of their destination since they would use the hidden passage to get to his private bathing room. Knowing Sadie would be curious, he said to her as he stood up, “I will inform Siddig we are leaving.” 
He walked to the door and opened it just enough to look out into the hall. The emptiness of the corridor depressed him anew. It is for my—no, their—safety, he thought despondently. 
“Your highness?” Siddig inquired, unphased by his prince’s obvious nakedness.
“We will be retiring to the bathing room.”
“Using the back hallway?”
“Yes,” Jalen replied. “It is a more direct route.”
“Understood, your highness. I’ll be waiting for you there.”
Jalen nodded and closed the door, trusting that Siddig would follow through. Not that there was much to guard against now that this wing had been cleared of servants and sealed off. If a rage hit, they could let him bluster about without fear of repercussions. The collar made sure of that. He sighed.
As he turned, he saw Sadie reaching for her night tunic. He couldn’t explain why, but seeing her in his discarded shirt awoke something tender and fiercely protective in him. Her putting it on was a wasted effort, though, so he told her, “As much as I love seeing you wear my shirt, you won’t need it.”
As he expected, her firebrand temper wouldn’t let his statement by. “I walked these hallways naked once before. I do not wish to repeat the experience.”
Jalen winced inwardly. Having her prepared and presented to him like a first-time oholibah had been arousing in its own right, but he had mixed feelings about the memory. “What if I ordered you to be presented to me again?” He was curious to see her reaction.
He saw her throat work as she swallowed hard. “I would do as you command,” she replied. But her eyes said she’d hate him for it.
“Rest at ease, little firebrand, I have no wish to parade you naked for all to see again. We will take a more direct route to the baths.” With that, he strode to a door hidden behind a tapestry on the far wall and pushed it open. “Sadie,” he said, gesturing her forward, “if you would.” 
After a moment of hesitation, Sadie slid off the bed and preceded him through the hidden entrance. “I wish I had known of this path before today.”
“No one informed you of it?”
“No.” He heard her sigh. “Walking the hallways after your... attentions has been awkward. I understand the reasons behind keeping me ignorant of this route.” She glanced back at him. “But it would have been nice to use it on occasion. If only to avoid the knowing looks I received.”
“That will no longer be an issue,” he replied, annoyed at the twinge guilt he felt at her obvious discomfort.
Sadie stopped and quirked an eyebrow at him. When he didn’t answer she turned and continued down the dimly lit corridor toward the baths. Following behind her, Jalen enjoyed watching the gentle sway of her hips with every step she took. Her luxurious red curls glimmered softly in the torchlight, and he itched to run his hands through them again. 
For a moment he let himself remember grabbing her hips as he rocked himself to climax inside her. With a shake of his head, he quickly suppressed the thought. He’d made such a mess of things; he fully expected she’d not want him to touch her for a while after he explained the situation to her. But he didn’t have a while left.
A dry hell! Leaving her alone would be torture.   
One last turn and Sadie stopped at what appeared to be a dead end. Jalen reached past her and depressed the hidden latch, allowing the door to swing open. Sadie stepped through the door and to the side, waiting for him.
Jalen walked in after her, and then stopped. Sadie hadn’t made a move to approach the baths and he wondered why. He turned to her and noticed her sullen expression. He quirked an eyebrow in question.
“Where do you want me?” she finally asked. Her tone failed to hide her irritation, and Jalen had to suppress his smile. He liked her firebrand temper, her challenges to his authority. Although she would submit to him in certain circumstances, she never lost her independence. He’d had people kowtowing to his every whim all his life, and she was a refreshing change. 
If only their circumstances were different... 
Jalen pushed the thought aside; this way only led to despair. Instead, he stepped closer to Sadie, and placed his hands on either side of her head. She pressed back against the wall, her expression a mix of of wariness and anticipation. The curse purred in his mind, happy to have her caged between him and the wall at her back. Mine.
Annoyed, he forced the thought away before he leaned in and captured her lips with his. Her soft lips felt and tasted divine, and he wondered why he’d waited this long to kiss her. Had he really been afraid of the intimacy of the gesture? This fear seemed so strange to him now.  
Those thoughts dissolved when Sadie parted her lips at the prompt of his tongue. He deepened the kiss and felt her groan in barely suppressed arousal. His cock twitched in response. If he didn’t stop now, he would take her again, right there against the wall. But they had important things to discuss first; he had stalled this conversation long enough already. 
With great difficulty, Jalen broke off the kiss and stepped away from her. “Get in,” he finally said. “I will be right behind you.”
Sadie ducked under his arm and entered the closest of the baths. Jalen followed her, and submerged himself completely. Between Sadie’s efforts to calm his skin, and the warm water, he felt more at peace than he had in a long time. Unfortunately, it would not last.
When he couldn’t hold his breath anymore, he resurfaced with a gasp and flicked the water from his eyes. As he reached for the soap, the thought of asking her to scrub him came to mind, but then he dismissed the idea. It would only be another way to delay the inevitable. She deserved better than that.  
With a sigh, he took a few minutes to lather up his arms and chest, and scrubbed himself clean before handing the bar to Sadie and dunking under the water again to rinse. He glanced at her as he came back up, and she quirked her eyebrow in silent question.
Her expression had Jalen chuckling, which made her eyes widen in surprise. “Take your time to bathe, Sadie. I’ll answer your questions afterward.”
She nodded reluctantly and started lathering as he reclined on the bench seat to soak in the water. He watched her from underneath his lowered eyelids, enjoying the view of her hands over her breasts as she washed herself.  
“Hmm, very nice,” he said as she went to put down the soap again.
She froze and looked at him questioningly. She looked so vulnerable standing there waiting for him to speak. It almost broke his heart that she could go from confident to wary in such a short time. Damn his curse!
“Uh.. Jalen?” she inquired when he kept silent for too long.
Jalen steeled his nerve and answered, “Come here.” 
“What’s going on? You’re acting strangely.” She tentatively stepped closer. 
“Please, sit,” he requested, and pulled her into his lap, settling her across his legs. “Rest easy, my Sadie. I am still in control.”
Her amber eyes searched his. Idly, he wondered what she saw as she gazed at him that had her looking so sad. 
Jalen struggled to speak. Taking responsibility for his actions was nothing new, but apologizing for them was, and he didn’t quite know where to start. He exhaled hard and felt his mouth tighten almost into a frown. 
“Where do I begin?” he asked himself out loud.
“How about you start with the empty hallways and the fact that there are no more guards outside my door.”
Jalen would have prefered starting with another line of inquiry, but he supposed he didn’t have much of a choice. Nothing he was about to explain would come easily.
“Did you know it is possible to punish a prince?” he ended up saying after a long silence. Well, technically it isn’t punishment, but it might as well be.
“Punishment? I don’t understand. How is the fact that the hallways are empty punishment?”
“As of earlier today, I am no longer Zammar’s heir. I have been stripped of my rank and relieved of my duties. This wing has been cleared of everyone but you, my personal guards, and myself. And if I understand the edict correctly, the doors have been locked from the outside, restricting who can leave and who can enter.”
Sadie tensed in his arms and stared at him in horror. “Why?”
He looked away so she wouldn’t see his expression as he answered. “To save the others from me.”
Sadie dropped her gaze to the water. He thought he saw tears, but when she spoke again her voice was still strong. “And I remain...”
“You are to be my last indulgence, so to speak.” Jalen sighed. He wouldn’t lie to her. “You are considered inconsequential. His majesty doesn’t concern himself with you. Changing my father’s view was just one reason why—” He stopped. He couldn’t say it. Not yet. He tilted his head forward until it bumped hers. “I’m sorry.” He shook his head, keeping the contact between their foreheads. “I have been a fool and caused you harm. I never intended any of this to happen.”
“What were your intentions then?”
“Not this, I swear to you. I wanted... a distraction, nothing more. And when the curse grew too dangerous, I planned to send you home. That was always my intent.” He groaned. “What I didn’t plan for is not knowing when that time had come, and now it is long past.” 
“So his majesty doesn’t care whether I live or die?”
Did she have to ask that? Jalen pulled her closer and steeled himself for her reaction to his next words. “It is better—in his eyes—to sacrifice someone outside the palace hierarchy than to possibly destroy an investment. Oholibah get—” 
“Let me see if I understand correctly.” Sadie pushed against his chest and glared at him. “He ‘allows’ you to keep me so that the oholibah are kept safe from your rage and he thinks there is no reason to extend me the same courtesy? What am I, a pet dog? A convenient receptacle and a compliant body? Do I have no value as a loyal subject!? Don’t I even have value as your...” Her voice cracked. “Your whore? Never mind the fact that if anyone had listened to me from the beginning, you’d have been cured two months ago.” 
Jalen held on tighter. This was not going well. Silence fell between them, heavy and uncomfortable. As Jalen tried to come up with the right words to soften the news, Sadie tried to squirm out of his grasp.
“Sadie, stop,” he commanded, his tone harsher than he intended. 
“I want to go home,” she said in a broken whisper.
Was she crying? He reached his hand up to stroke the hair behind her ear. He didn’t know what to do. It broke his heart to hear her sounding so desolate.
“But I don’t even have that anymore. Everything I had, everything I was, it’s all gone.”
“Please, Sadie,” he whispered, helpless to make things any better for either of them. “Don’t cry.”
Sadie sniffed but she didn’t respond. 
Blistering suns! He really had made a mess of things. “I should never have involved you in any of this. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me my stupidity. My selfish desire to have you. To keep you...” The final word died on Jalen’s lips—forever? That thought was unacceptable. He struggled to find a new word—a safe word—a word that didn’t feel so unattainable. “Safe.” 
“And trying to get me pregnant with your babe was the best idea you could come up with?” she asked after a while.
He winced. “It is one way I could protect you after I was gone,” he said carefully. Virtually the only way left to me now.
“It was a stupid scheme.” 
Jalen rubbed his face with a wet hand. Maybe it had been ill-advised. “I concede that I should have consulted you before coming to that decision. I will not press the issue further.”
“Thank you.” Sadie took a deep breath before continuing, “I wouldn’t like to see a child come into this world under such circumstances.”
“Circumstances?” He winced, coming to only one conclusion. “Do you think the curse—”
She did not let him complete his thought, and shook her head. “No. To the best of my knowledge, the curse cannot be transmitted that way. But—and this might come as a surprise to someone like you—I don’t want to see a child of mine growing up without their father.”
It was as if someone had just struck him. Jalen’s mind filled with the image of him holding his tiny infant son in his arms while Sadie reclined in their bed, exhausted from labor but beaming in pride. Or maybe a daughter—if his need for an heir wasn’t so pressing, he thought he might like to have a small daughter he could dote on instead.  
For a long moment, he couldn’t find the words, but finally he said, “I’m sorry. I will not be able to give you that now.”
“I won’t let a defenseless babe become a means to an end, Jalen. If I did have a child—your child—I would not let the palace have him.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
Sadie shifted in his lap, and his arms tightened around her again. He didn’t want to let her go just yet.
“Jalen?” She poked him in the ribs. “Jalen, let me go. Please? My leg has gone to sleep.”
He felt a moment of chagrin as he released his hold. After all he’d said—all he’d done—he expected her to want to put as much distance as she could between them. He might not have another opportunity before this was all over. But Sadie surprised him once again. Instead of getting up and leaving, she simply shifted her weight so she could sit between his legs and rest her back against his chest. 
Before Jalen’s mind caught up with his hands, they had drifted along Sadie’s ribs and cupped her breasts. His thumbs teased her nipples. He didn’t want to stop—never did when it came to her—but she was tense, still angry. And understandably so. He dropped his hands.
“Sadie, I—”
She cut him off. “Its alright.” She guided his hand back to her breast and entwined her fingers with his. She sighed. “I understand your reasoning even if I don’t agree with your choices; I’m not mad anymore.”
Just one more thing he loved about her. There were no games, no hidden agenda, no traps. If she said she had moved on, he believed her.
Sadie reached her arm up and cupped the back of his head with her hand, giving him room to play. But as she did, her hand came in contact with the talisman necklace he wore. She yelped and yanked her hand back, swearing under her breath.
Turning in his lap, she reached her hand up again. “No, don’t—” he started to protest, but didn’t have time to finish his sentence. She brushed her fingers against the charm at his neck cautiously. The chain crackled as she came in contact with it, sending another jolt of pain down Jalen’s neck. 
She retracted her hand as if she’d just been bitten by a poisonous snake. “A drainer? That’s barbaric!” she exclaimed in horror.
“They have a name?” He’d not bothered to find out.
“Yes.” Her gaze held sadness and pity as she watched him, and the beast flexed against Jalen’s defenses in annoyance. He didn’t need—or want—her pity. 
With difficulty, he suppressed the growl that threatened to escape his chest. “It might soon be the only thing protecting you from me.”
“I don’t believe you’d hurt me.”
“Don’t be so sure,” he warned. “The beast is hungry for you, little firebrand, and I don’t know how much longer I can keep it at bay.”
If Sadie was taken aback by his dire warning, nothing of it showed in her expression. She didn’t cringe, and did not try to move away from his embrace. Instead, she situated herself more comfortably in his lap, a very determined look appearing on her features.
“I’m not afraid of you,” she said. Before he could open his mouth to reply, she added, “Let me show you...”
“Show me?” 
She was up to something. He could almost physically feel her nervousness, and this fact was only confirmed when she licked her lips.
“Do you have something in mind?” he asked, curious. 
“Yes.”
Under the water, he felt her hand rest on his upper thigh.
“Sadie?”
Her cheeks flushed a bright pink, Sadie slid her fingers higher and took his flaccid member in her hand.
Jalen sucked in a breath, her hesitant touch having the effect of liquid lightning flashing through his veins. He looked at her through eyes that had grown hooded, and her blush deepened. “You’ll have to show me what you like,” she said somewhat shyly.
He took her hand in his, and guided her fingers along his shaft. Her fingertips brushed from the base of his sac and up along his length, until her palm rested on the tip of his cock. She curled her hand around the head and stroked her fingers up toward the tip and back down again, her touch soft as butterfly wings. Jalen felt the blood rush from his head to his length, and his erection grew under her tentative hand.
“Ancestors, Sadie, you will be the death of me,” he groaned.
He again took her hand in his. “Wrap your fingers around me.” Squeezing her hand gently, he helped her stroke his cock, showing her the amount of pressure and speed he prefered. It wasn’t long before she became more proficient, and he let go of her hand. He let his head fall back and closed his eyes. In less time than Jalen would have expected, he felt his abdomen tighten and a tingle develop low in his groin. With a groan, he stilled her hand.
“Am I doing something wrong?” Sadie inquired. Her expression worried.
“Quite the opposite.” Jalen panted. “I need a moment or I won’t be able to enjoy your touch for much longer.”
The admission seemed to please her, for she smiled.
He reached forward, brushing her hair behind her ear, and pulled her face close to his for a soft, lingering kiss. With a gentle pressure from his tongue, she opened for him. It only took a moment before she melted against his chest. His hand traveled down her back and cupped her bottom. With a gentle tug, he pulled her close. The need to bury himself inside her was almost unbearable, but with effort he kept from entering her.
Sadie went up for air, breaking off the kiss, and she rolled her hips against his cock. A jolt of electricity zipped down his spine and he groaned. He grabbed her hips to hold her still before his control slipped completely.
Sadie’s hands closed over his and pulled them from her hips and let them drift to her back. She leaned in and caught his lower lip with her teeth. 
Jalen hissed and pulled her closer, dragging her lips into another scorching kiss. She set him on fire.
Eventually, she pulled away from him once more, panting. “Blistering suns, you’re good at that,” she whispered. Pride and satisfaction made his lips twitch into a pleased smile. 
When she spoke again her voice was hesitant. “When I was in the oholibah baths, there was a depiction that I... ah... would like to try.”
Jalen knew that mural well, and wondered which depiction had caught her fancy. “Which image?”
Sadie blushed anew. “The one where the oholibah had her partner in her mouth.”
She really was going to be the death of him, he thought, her words heating his blood to a burning inferno.
“Is that something you would like?” 
He took her hand and wrapped it around his throbbing cock again. “Feel how much I like it.”
Sadie nodded.
Jalen gave her a quick kiss and lifted her off his lap so he could sit up on the edge of the pool. He leaned back against his hands, watching her. If she knelt on the bench, she would be comfortable while she experimented. Jalen felt his groin tighten as he saw her expression. Her flushed face and nervous lip-licking sent an unexpected jolt of arousal through him. Usually, he wasn’t one to allow anyone, oholibah or random lover, to put their mouth on him this way. He did not like the loss of control he felt in those cases. When bedding a woman, he wanted—needed—that control to stay firmly in his hands. But yet again, Sadie was different. He relished the thought of her sexual curiosity, her satisfaction at his pleasure. 
With her, for this one night, he did not mind relinquishing control.
Sadie knelt in front of him and rested her hands on his knees. Warm water trickled down his calf. Jalen’s focus narrowed down to Sadie’s lips, and when she licked them again, his cock twitched in painful anticipation.
“I am in your hands, my Sadie,” he encouraged her. “You do as you wish.” 
She placed a trail of kisses along each of his thighs as she moved closer to his shaft. The urge to guide her to his erection threatened to overpower his resolve, but Jalen didn’t wish to rush her. With a last kiss, Sadie left his legs and brushed her cheek along his member. He sucked in a breath.
When she opened her mouth and swirled her tongue across the head, he moaned. His fingers clenched on the tiles surrounding the bathing pool, and he watched in rapt attention as she took him into her mouth. 
“Lick it to the base and take the sac into your mouth,” he directed her. He thought he would drown in pleasure as she complied with his command. Fisting his hand into her gorgeous red hair, he pulled it away from her face. It got in the way of his view. 
He sucked in his breath as her tongue swirled around his sac, and he let his head fall back, closing his eyes. His breath left in a hard exhale when she sucked it into her warm mouth. The gentle tug of her lips caused the tightness to grow in his abdomen. Then, she moved to lavish attention to his other ball and he nearly came undone. 
Jalen tightened his hold on her hair and tugged her back to his shaft. The need to feel her mouth on him overruled his original wish to let her set her own pace.
“That’s it. Suck me,” he said when her lips touched the tip of his length again. Sadie opened up and took him into her mouth. The sensations were overwhelming. None of the oholibah could compare. They were there for the prestige and the money, never just to give him pleasure for his sake. What Sadie lacked in skill she more than made up for in desire. Her groans and moans around him were working him into a frenzy. 
Unable to hold back, he started to rock his hips. Desperately trying to not overwhelm her, he still needed more. The tension was growing past his control, and in moments he would come. His vision was already gone. He threw his head back and guided her up and down his length.
“Sadie, drink me,” he groaned. 
It was the best warning he could give her. He thrust as far as he dared into her mouth and came in the back of her throat. His body shook with the aftershocks of his orgasm. And as the last one fell away, he loosened his grip on her hair. 
He watched as she slid her lips off of his softening cock, and she licked her lips. A small smile playing at the corners of her mouth. 
She looked like a satisfied kitchen cat after a treat.
Now it was his turn to return the favor. He pulled her close for a kiss. The taste of him was still on her lips. “Let’s get you back to my bed. Then, it will be your turn, little firebrand.” He felt her shiver in response.   

***

Languid. That was probably the best way to describe how Sadie felt. She had been well-loved, and now rested with her head cradled on Jalen’s shoulder. They had both slept for a while, entwined in each other, and she felt at peace. 
She opened her eyes and saw Jalen looking down at her. When he realized she had wakened, he smiled. His expression held none of his usual reserve, and she her own lips twitch in answer before she could think better of it. Something had changed between them in the last few hours. 
“Good morning,” he said, running his fingers through her hair.
Sadie licked her lips, too shy to talk for a moment. Then, she finally whispered back, “Good morning.”
His arms tightened around her, as if he were afraid she’d disappear into thin air. Since the night before, he’d not let her go farther than arm’s length, and that alone told her how shaken his sudden imprisonment had made him.
She pushed herself up on her forearm to better look at him and assess the state of his curse. For now, it swirled lazily under his skin—did it ever still?—but she felt no imminent threat coming from it.
“How do you feel?” she asked when he raised an eyebrow in silent inquiry.
Jalen’s expression grew annoyed as soon as she asked. “No need to worry for me, my Sadie. I am in control. I am feeling fine.”
He disentangled himself from her and slipped off the bed. Sadie sighed. She had touched a nerve, it would seem. She watched as he stalked to the fountain in the corner of the bedroom and dunked his head under. The hands that gripped the edge of the basin were trembling slightly. That told her all she needed to know. Fine he wasn’t, despite what he wanted her to believe.
Jalen needed a cure, and soon, or it would be too late for him.
“My—Jalen?” she inquired when he came back for air.
He turned his head her way, and his eyes flashed black for a moment as he seemed to wrestle the curse for control. Sadie tensed, wondering if she should call on Kadar for help. The impulse dissipated as Jalen’s eyes returned to their normal hue and he blinked.
“Yes?” he asked, sounding more weary than annoyed now.
She took a deep breath and began again. “Clearly you are not fine. Would you have been upset by my question before the curse?”
A mix of conflicting emotions—some she could name, others she couldn’t—crossed Jalen’s features as he came back to sit on the edge of his bed. Sadie reached for his hand as he seemed to struggle for an answer.
“No,” he finally replied.
“Jalen, please. Let me help you,” she said when he didn’t elaborate on his answer.
“How dangerous will it be for you?” he finally asked.
She brushed his concern aside. “No more dangerous than healing that cut yesterday,” she lied. If Jalen knew the truth, he might refuse her help. The ritual she had planned would require a great deal of power. It would be an intense and delicate process, and she couldn’t be certain of the risks for either of them if things went wrong. 
Jalen, however, saw right through her lie. He cupped her chin in his hand and gently but firmly forced her to look at him. “Don’t lie to me, Sadie,” he chided, a frown creasing his brow. “I saw you staggering from exhaustion when you used your magic to heal me. It drained you, and it was only a cut.”
A life-threatening one...
Sadie tried to look away, but Jalen would have none of it. “Sadie, look at me and tell me the truth. What are the chances of you curing me without killing yourself in the process?”
There was no way Sadie could wriggle away from his grip on her chin. Besides, he was the one with the curse and was owed the truth. She sighed deeply. “I won’t die,” she said, struggling to sound confident. The truth was, she didn’t know the extent of the danger she faced. “But, as to the rest, I don’t know. Without my mother’s notes, I have to rely on my own memories and general knowledge of curses. It will be... difficult and dangerous at this point. It would have been a lot easier to cure you when I first got here. But it can still be done.”
“No.” He frowned. “I will not let you throw your life away for me. Even I’m not worth it.”
Sadie shook her head and reached for the hand keeping her chin prisoner. She wrapped her fingers around his wrist and gently brought it down to her lap. She rubbed circles on his palm with her thumb, not really looking at him. “This isn’t about me. You can’t die like this. You’re the heir of this country, a war hero, and a man so many of us in Zammar look up to. You can’t give up now. The danger doesn’t matter to me.”
“But it does matter to me,” Jalen replied, surprising her by how genuinely worried he sounded. “You were right last night; I cannot ask for your sacrifice.”
“You aren’t asking me, Jalen. I’m a healer, and as such, I simply cannot leave you to suffer this way. And it is clear that you do. I need to try before it’s too late.” She gave him a reassuring smile and added. “Let me do this for you.”
As she watched, the black tendrils under his skin started moving with more vigor, as if angered by the conversation. For an instant, Sadie thought the curse might understand their discussion and was attempting to take over. She watched for the tell-tale black to cloud over his eyes, but it fortunately never manifested.
Jalen hung his head and groaned, clinching the hand she cradled to the point of pain. 
“Jalen?” she inquired.
“I... am fine. I simply need a moment,” he said between gritted teeth.
“It’s the curse. It does not like our discussion about cures, does it?”
After one last, deep breath, Jalen looked back up at her. “You might be right,” he said. “Sometimes, it feels like it has a will of its own.”
That information was worrying. How long before it completely took over his consciousness? Sadie would need to hurry with the cure, but she did need some time to prepare for the ritual. “Give me ten days to get ready. Can you hold on ten more days?”
“It hasn’t completely taken over yet,” he replied with a hint of unease. “Will ten days be enough, though, or do you need more time?”
“In the best of circumstances, I’d take a month, even two to prepare. But I don’t think you have that kind of time.”
It seemed like Jalen was about to protest, and Sadie rushed on. “It will be time enough as long as I can get the material I need. I know you’ve said we are locked inside, but is there any way to send someone out?”
Jalen nodded. “Kadar!” he called out.
A second later, the bedroom door opened and Kadar peeked inside. “No need to yell. My hearing isn’t impaired.”
Erotic memories surfaced unbidden at Kadar’s statement, reminding her of everything the captain of Jalen’s guard must have heard over the past two months. Sadie turned red as a peony and hid her face in her hands. Jalen slid his arms around her and pulled her close. “No need to be embarrassed, little firebrand. I do love to hear you scream my name.”
Sadie groaned. “You are not helping,” she whispered.
“Come inside, Kadar,” Jalen said as Sadie tried to get over her embarrassment. “We have much to discuss.”
Kadar nodded and stepped inside the bedroom, closing the door behind him. He didn’t seem to mind, or even notice, their state of undress. Still, Sadie pulled up the bed sheet to cover her nudity.
“I have heard some of it already, Jalen,” Kadar said, leaning against the wall. Sadie was surprised of how casual he acted. But then, seeing how Jalen had already lost his position as prince and heir to the kingdom, she supposed formalities were the last thing he cared about.
Kadar then turned his attention to her. “I’ll do my best to find whatever it is you need. If it is some medicinal plants, Vara can take care of it; she knows quite a bit about plants.”
Sadie nodded. “Thank you, captain.”
Kadar gave her a smile. “Call me Kadar. And it’s the least I can do if it can save Jalen’s life.”
“Alright then. I’ll give you a list of what I need.”
Just as soon as she got dressed...
 
THREE

The next several days had passed in a blur. In between hours of pouring over her notes, pondering and detailing in writing the ritual she would use in her attempt to cure Jalen, Sadie spent all of her free time with the prince. The change in their relationship since his imprisonment to his quarters was remarkable. Gone was the barrier between prince and common-born. For the first time since meeting him, Sadie felt that she was starting to know the real Jalen: playful, relaxed, tender. And when the curse made him moody, he tried to hide it from her as much as he could. 
As for their love-making... He was as demanding and authoritative as always, but she didn’t mind. It aroused her like nothing else did, and she cherished every moment. 
But those moments were growing shorter by the day. More and more of Jalen’s time was spent locked in a guest room—masquerading as an informal training room—exhausting himself in mock battles every time the curse took over his consciousness. Hope, however, wasn’t far from the surface. 
Upon learning that Sadie might be able to help their prince, the guards made every effort to support her. Jalen had lifted his non-fraternization order after his imprisonment, and now she was coming to know the guards a little better. Their loyalty to their prince and their genuine appreciation of his leadership said more than words of his capacity as a just and compassionate leader of men.
The pressure she felt each time she met their expectant gazes kept mounting as days flew by. Nonetheless, she understood them. The situation had appeared hopeless to them until she presented them with a solution. No one, least of all her, wanted to see Jalen die a raving, violent lunatic. 
Sadie shook herself, unhappy with the dark turn her thoughts had taken, and looked out the window. She sighed. Jalen was due to arrive in her suite for their evening meal any minute now. She hoped he would be able to make it this time. For the first time yesterday, he had missed their meal due to yet another rage. 
She glanced to the door, where Taj stood, immobile. She noticed the fatigue around his eyes, and the downturn to his lips. The youngest man on Jalen’s guard was suffering. He wasn’t the only one, and there wasn’t much Sadie could do to relieve any of them of their stress.
Jalen’s illness was taking its toll on everyone around him. The guards were on almost constant duty now, with only minimal breaks between rage episodes. Kadar was pressed harder than the rest, as he always placed himself between Jalen and whomever the curse targeted. But time was running short and she feared for Jalen, and for Kadar. She prayed they would manage to hold on for the next two days while she finished preparing for the ritual. 
“Miss Sadie?” Taj’s voice interrupted her brooding.
“Yes, Taj?”
The young guard hovered in the doorway, looking painfully uncomfortable. Sadie looked at him curiously. “Was there something you wanted to ask?” she prompted him.
“You’re a woman, right?” 
Sadie looked down at her own chest, then back at him, quirking an eyebrow. “I do believe so.” 
She muffled a chuckle when Taj blushed. “Well, of course you’re a woman, I didn’t mean... I meant...” he stammered, then exhaled in frustration. “I need some advice, and I’m not sure who else I can ask.”
“What do you need to know?”
“When this is all over, and I’m free to be reassigned—” he paused “—I mean... This is harder than I thought it would be.”
“What are you worried about?”
“I changed my mind. It’s not important.”
Sadie touched his arm. “Taj, please continue. I’ll help if I can.”
He nodded and took a deep breath. “You see, before all this happened, I was out with his highness on a campaign, and we brought a few members of the palace staff with us. There was a maidservant in the group.” He smiled wistfully. “We talked often during the weeks we were on the road, and any chance we had once back at the palace, but she finished her required years of service and chose to go back to her parents.” 
His love for the girl shone through his eyes, and she had never seen him this agitated about anything before. “She’s only a farmer’s daughter, and is beneath my station. Should I request to be assigned to her district and court her anyway? Or do I need to forget her? She will be so hard to forget.”   
“Do you love her?” Sadie asked, even though she could see in his expression that he did.
“Yes.”
“I am not familiar with class in regards to you and the palace staff, but in the village your station and hers would not be insurmountable.” Sadie smiled. “Will you be lowered or will she be raised?”
“She will rise more than I would be lowered.”
“Would you be able to stay on the palace guard?”
“I believe so,” Taj replied. 
“Ask Kadar. He would be able to advise you better than I.”
“Yes, I probably should, but talking to the captain is... difficult right now. I know you’re common-born, and you’re being courted by someone of higher station, so I wanted to know your opinion.”
“My situation is different. I’m not being courted.” Sadie grimaced. “There is no expectation of anything permanent.” She sighed. “But I don’t see why my situation should influence your actions. If you love her, and wish to do right by her, then don’t let station stop you. Follow your heart. I know Jalen would want it too.”
“Thank you, Miss Sadie.”
“It’s my pleasure, Taj. I’m just happy I could help.”
“Ah, Miss Sadie. I think I love you just a little bit. Deep down, we all do.” 
Sadie smiled and blushed as she patted his arm in reassurance. Taj grinned at her and pulled her into a hug.
She started laughing and hugged him back. And then, chaos erupted in the room. Before Sadie realized what was happening, Taj was shoving her behind him with his free arm and pulling his sword with the other, ready to face the oncoming threat. 
Peeking around Taj’s shoulder, Sadie saw Jalen standing—no straining against Kadar’s grip—with his scimitar drawn. Darkness had completely swallowed the white of his eyes, and shadowy tendrils swirled across his cheek and down his neck like a nest of angry snakes. The noise escaping his throat could only be described as snarling. 
Jalen lunged toward them, dragging Kadar forward a few inches. Sadie skittered away from Taj as Kadar struggled to stop Jalen before he reached them. Jalen followed her movements, a smirk playing on his lips. 
She shivered. His expression reminded her of the night she had pulled the mask away from his face. With her eyes riveted to his, she barely registered movement inside her room.
“Jalen, calm down!” Kadar exclaimed, but his scream did not pierce through the prince’s curse-induced rage.
With Jalen’s next lunge in her direction, Sadie finally snapped out of her trance-like state and pressed herself back against the wall. At some point during the altercation, the other guards had made their way into the room, and they now surrounded her in an effort to protect her from harm.  
“Jalen?” she called tentatively, hoping that her voice might at least make him hesitate. 
He growled in response, his fierce gaze swinging from her to Taj. He fixed the young guard with such an expression of hatred that Sadie feared for his life. Then Jalen lurched forward again and Kadar’s grip started slipping.
“Sadie! Get out of here!” several voices called out to her. 
Jalen finally broke free from Kadar’s grasp and charged straight at Taj. Steel clashed as his guards engaged him, and pandemonium reigned. Frozen in place, Sadie could only stare in horror, until Kadar grabbed her elbow and pulled her away from the fighting.
“Go!” he yelled, before rejoining the others.
Sadie fled through the hidden panel in her room to the bathing room beyond.

***

Sadie sat with her feet in the pond in Jalen’s private garden, trying to keep her mind off her worry. It did not work, unfortunately, and her thoughts kept coming back to the fight in her bedroom—of Jalen straining and struggling to reach Taj, a murderous look in his black eyes. Dusk had fallen some hours ago, and yet she hadn’t moved from her spot. Sadie guessed it was close to end of even-watch when Kadar finally found her.
He stood at attention—sporting a bruised eye and a somber expression—next to her in the small clearing near the fountain. “Can you perform the ritual tonight?”
Sadie searched Kadar’s eyes for a hint of what had happened in the last few hours. But he was as closed off as ever. “What happened?” she needed to know.
“Can you do it?” he repeated instead of answering.
Sadie stood. “If it’s truly necessary, I can do it, yes. My preparations are almost done already. There is only one more thing I need.”
“What is it?”
“I’ll need candle wax, a wick, and a strand of Jalen’s hair. The candle will serve as a focus during the ritual.”
Kadar nodded stiffly. “It will be done.”
“In the meantime, can I see him?”
“Visiting him at this time would not be prudent.”
Sadie’s heartbeat accelerated. “Tell me what happened, please. What’s so wrong that you want the ritual to be done tonight?”
Kadar seemed to deflate in front of her and ran a hand through his hair. It was only then that she noticed the abrasions on his knuckles and the cuts on his arms. One looked particularly deep and was still bleeding. 
Sadie called up enough energy—mindful of her need to conserve power for the ritual, but still unable to let Kadar get an infection in those wounds—and placed her hands on his arm. 
“Sadie! Stop, I’m fine.”
“Nonsense, Kadar,” Sadie admonished. She softened her words with a smile. “It won’t drain me, and I need you well.”
“That... feels odd. It almost tickles.” His smile appeared strained, but he relaxed and let her work.
“I’ve been told that before.” Sadie finished healing the worst of his injuries before breaking contact. “Now tell me, please... What happened?”
“I had to order him restrained.”
Sadie’s heart broke for Kadar. He spoke so matter-of-factly, but she knew he had to be extremely upset. “Why? In the past, you have always let him exhaust himself fighting you all.”
“Not tonight,” Kadar replied. “He’s become too strong, and I’m short another guard. I simply can’t let him rage unchecked anymore; it’s too dangerous.”
Short another guard?
“Who is injured?” 
Kadar looked away from her. “Taj.”
There was more to it than Kadar was telling her. “Is he stable? Why didn’t you come get me? You know I can be of help.” Sadie’s mind already imagined how to fix his wounds, anticipating her fatigue and preparing for it. Taj had to live; he had a farmer’s daughter to court.
Kadar touched her shoulder, drawing her eyes to his, and he shook his head. “There’s nothing you can do, Sadie. He’s dead.”
Sadie covered her mouth with her hand and inhaled sharply. Her eyes blurred with tears. Ancestors, no! Taj...
“And Jalen? Does he... does he know?” 
Kadar shook his head and said nothing.
“Why? Taj was barely a man. And Jalen...” She was certain he would feel a great amount of guilt once he learned about what he’d done. “He’s not responsible. They ones who cursed him are. Who, Kadar? Who could have done such a thing, do we know?”
Kadar hesitated before answering, “Yes.” He paused for so long that Sadie felt compelled to prompt him for more.
“Kadar?”
“Jalen was wounded in a skirmish at the end our last military campaign—that part of the rumor is true—and a healer was called in. However, Marek noticed something odd with the healer’s incantations. But it was already too late and the curse had been cast.” Kadar looked away. “Marek shouted a warning and when the healer ran, he gave chase. Unfortunately, he killed the man before we could capture and interrogate him. We think he was bribed by one of Zammar’s many enemies to render Jalen incapable of succeeding his father. Several kingdoms would have profited from the ensuing chaos.” He met her gaze again. “At least, it’s been our assumption for the last six months, but now I wonder.” His voice trailed off and he scowled fiercely.
“What is it, Kadar?”
He shook his head and didn’t answer. Sadie sighed.
“I’ll do all I can, Kadar. I will save him.” She tried to smile, but it didn’t reach her eyes. “Let us get started.”

***

Jalen’s blurry gaze focused on the heavily decorated ceiling above him. He did not recognize the pattern.
Somewhat confused, he pulled his hand toward his face to wipe away the sheen of sweat left from the exertion of fighting Kadar and the others, but he couldn’t move his arm. Turning his head, Jalen saw his wrist was shackled to the wall. He tried his other hand and it too was bound. So were his feet.
A dry hell...
What had he done during his latest episode that forced Kadar to restrain him? He struggled to remember. The only thing he recollected clearly was Sadie in the arms of one of his guards. And then, only black, murderous rage. 
The beast tried to claw its way back to the surface. 
Jalen clamped down hard on his defenses. Sadie knew she belonged to him. There had to be a reason he had found her in another man’s arms. He heard an echo of Taj telling Sadie he loved her. The memory brought the beast even closer, and Jalen almost lost control over the curse once more. 
Think, he ordered himself as he strained against his restraints. He had to be logical. He knew that all the guards loved Sadie. Her guileless nature, gentleness, and fearless attitude drew his men—and to be honest, himself—to her like ants to honey.
As the youngest and most demonstrative of them, Taj might not have meant anything with his declaration. But Jalen couldn’t remember any details. The moment he’d heard the word “love” uttered, the curse had taken over, faster than ever before. And then, try as he might, he remembered nothing more.
He shifted his weight, trying to relieve his aching muscles, and the chains attached to his wrists rattled.
“Your highness, you’re awake! I’ll let the captain know.” 
Yusuf. Jalen hadn’t realized his lieutenant was in the room with him.
“Miss Sadie will be relieved to learn you’re awake too. She wants to see you before the start of the ritual.” Yusuf saluted and left the room.
Several minutes later, a scratch at the door alerted him to Yusuf’s return. He turned his head and watched as Yusuf escorted Sadie and Kadar inside. 
Their expression of fear and worry annoyed him. They behaved as if he was about to break his restraints and leap for them. Jalen felt the beast swirl inside his mind at the thought and he pushed his anger aside with great difficulty. He didn’t want to test the strength of his bonds. He feared he might well be strong enough to break free. Forcing himself to relax, he focused on Sadie’s presence.
She was wearing his favorite brown and brushed gold kamiz and skirt, which hugged her curves and swished with every step she took. When she reached the bed, she glanced back at Kadar before dropping to her knees next to him. 
“Jalen,” she whispered, her voice holding sadness and pity. Her gaze didn’t waver, but he could smell her fear.
Before he could stop himself, the beast made him lunge and struggle against his restraints. It didn’t want her pity. The urge to possess and to harm grew in his chest, and he gritted his teeth not to snarl.
“Leave...” he managed to say, wanting her far away from him before he hurt her.
Sadie shook her head and cupped his cheek with her hand. “No,” she said simply. “I can’t do that.”
The warmth of her gentle touch calmed him, and he sagged back against the bed. 
“Jalen?” her eyes searched his. “Are you with us?”
“I am here, little firebrand,” he replied wearily. 
“We need to do the ritual tonight.”
His muscles relaxed, and he let his head fall back on the mattress. “No. We should wait for a better day.”
“There will be no more better days.” Her voice cracked on the last word. “We need to do this tonight.”
“It is not safe. I am not in control.”
“We know,” Kadar responded somberly. “It has to be today. Tomorrow will be too late.”
Jalen’s mind refused to process their words. The rage surged back to the surface.
He growled, fighting for control over his mind and body. Finally, the curse retreated somewhat, but the struggle left him weak and panting.
Sadie’s soft voice broke through the haze. 
“We can’t let you slip away, Jalen. If we wait any longer, there will be nothing left to save.” Her voice caught on a sob. “Please. I don’t want to lose you.”
“None of us want that,” Kadar added quietly.
“Jalen,” Sadie whispered. She captured his lips in a desperate kiss, catching him by surprise. “I love you.” 
It was as if she’d speared his heart with her words, and for a moment Jalen was unable to even breath. 
She loved him. 
What had he done to deserve this incredible woman’s love? He opened his mouth but nothing came out.
Jalen wanted to pull her close. He ached to express his emotions in a kiss, but she was too far away. The chains around his wrists rattled when he moved to pull her close.
Cursing mentally, he turned his attention to Kadar. If they were to proceed with the ritual, he first needed to ascertain one thing.
“Captain,” he said.
Kadar frowned at the use of his rank, but stood a little straighter. “Jalen?”
“If the ritual doesn’t work, you know what to do. I need you to fulfill your promise.”
Kadar’s whole body grew rigid and he opened his mouth to speak. Before he could do so, Jalen barked, “It is an order.”
In any other situation, Jalen would have laughed at the fact he had finally managed to rattle his unflappable friend. Kadar’s complexion had turned to ash, and his eyes held a storm of emotion. But ordering his own mercy killing was no laughing matter.
“I will,” Kadar finally ground out.
“And you will take care of Sadie, make sure she cannot be harmed again.”
“Of course,” Kadar started saying, but Sadie interrupted them both.
“I don’t want to hear another word about promises needing to be kept. It won’t be necessary. The ritual will work and you will get better. And we’ll start tonight, before you can kill anyone else.”
Realizing what she’d just said, Sadie’s eyes widened in shock and she slapped a hand over her mouth.
He had killed someone. Jalen closed his eyes and sighed. At least, now he knew why he had been restrained. “Who did I kill?”
Neither one answered him.
He glared at Kadar. “Answer me!”
“Taj,” he replied. “We tried to stop you, but you were single-mindedly focused on reaching him... you slipped through our defenses. None of us are a match for you in a one-on-one fight any longer. The curse makes you too fast and too strong, but Taj tried his best. By the time our numbers overran your strength, it was too late. You’d run him through with you sword. His death was quick, considering.”
Taj? His heart sank. The young guard’s family would be devastated to learn of this. 
He looked at Sadie. “Do your ritual.”
Sadie nodded and turned to Kadar. “Can you have someone fetch the supplies I requested? And the candle from my quarters.”
Kadar saluted and left the room to handle her request.    

***

Sadie struggled for calm. Her desire to get everything as close to correct as possible had her fidgeting nervously. She hadn’t told Jalen—she didn’t want to worry him—but one wrong move could cost them both their lives. 
She swallowed hard and forced a smile for Kadar, who was standing guard at the door. 
In the handful of minutes needed to get her supplies, Jalen had relapsed. He lunged, snarled, and strained against his bonds, his eyes two pools of complete darkness. Then, as if someone had knocked him out, he had collapsed back on the bed, unconscious. Sadie hoped he would come back to himself before she started. She needed him conscious to help her contain the curse. 
One day while dining together, Sadie had asked him how he’d managed to hold onto his sanity for as long as he did. He’d explained in great detail the walls and cage he’d built in his mind to hold “the beast” as he’d called it. She had been awed by his willpower; few men could have done what he did for as long as he did. She needed that mental strength on her side now; she couldn’t do this alone while the curse was this powerful. 
Once all the guards finished setting up the room the way she needed it, she took a handful of crystals and spread them around the bed. Then, she focused her magic through them for a second. A ward against harm would help contain the curse if things became... complicated. The tiny candle—infused with a strand of hers and Jalen’s hair—burned like a beacon on the windowsill. She glanced at it, taking courage from its light—their two lives, forever entwined. The energy hummed through her veins, ever expanding. Soon she would be ready to start. 
“Whatever happens, don’t touch me or break my concentration,” she warned Kadar and Yusuf, who were hovering nearby. Yusuf looked confused and she explained, “Once I start, any interruption could be dangerous for both Jalen and me.” 
When she sat down on the bed beside Jalen, he opened his eyes and growled at her weakly. His eyes were still black, but they didn’t look as savage. Her heart broke. She had to focus; she couldn’t cry, not yet anyway. She settled next to his side, with her back to the wall so she could stare at the burning candle, reminding her of everything she might lose tonight.
Jalen thrashed at her side, and she looked down at him. This had to work! Sadie leaned forward and kissed his brow.
“Are you ready?”
When he answered, his voice was harsh and guttural, barely under control. “Yes.”
Sadie nodded. “Then let’s begin.”
Placing her hands on his chest, she stared at the flickering flame of the candle and focused inward, letting her magic overcome all her other senses. The power gathered in her chest, until she thought she would burn from it. Slowly, so she didn’t scare the curse into taking over, she let the energy trickle down her arms and through her fingers. It took several minutes before the swirling tendrils of the Shifting Sands noticed and reacted to her intrusion.
They started whipping around under Jalen’s skin and wrapped themselves around her fingertips, burning her like cold fire. As she pushed her magic deeper, Jalen started to grunt. Sadie hoped the pain wasn’t too intense. She still had a way to go before her power was at full strength. 
Her awareness of her surroundings faded as her concentration increased, until eventually the room seemed to disappear completely. The magical energy needed direction, and all of her mental strength went to focusing it on the curse. 
The curse writhed and seethed under her assault. It was hard to pin down and harder still to capture. As Sadie’s power bullied its way into Jalen’s body, the curse coiled around it, seeking a way to destroy the threat she represented. 
The strength of the attack shocked and unsettled her, almost making her stop the ritual. Madness encroached on Sadie’s mind, threatening to overpower her. Was this how Jalen felt? The curse could easily take over if she wasn’t careful. 
Shoving back against its advance, she felt the touch of Jalen’s mind, like a butterfly against her skin. He was fighting with her, pitting all of his willpower against the violent rage affecting them both. 
She reached for his hand and tightened her grip. He was still, but she sensed he recognized her touch. Strengthened by his presence, Sadie threw all she had at the curse. 
Finally, slowly, it retreated. Its stranglehold collapsed as it uncoiled and released Jalen’s mind. As the curse weakened, she started building up magical walls to contain it further.
Her powers, however, weren’t enough to vanquish it completely in spite of her best efforts. Still, she would try to subdue it, to buy Jalen more time. With one last push of energy, she struggled to shove the curse further into the cage they had built and to dispel what she could. 
As the ritual drew close to completion, the room around Sadie came back into focus. She heard commotion, growing in volume, coming from the hallway, but couldn’t pay attention to it. Not now. She struggled to stay grounded within the healing ritual as the indistinct noises became louder and formed into identifiable words.  
Someone screamed a warning just as hands gripped her arms and yanked her off of the bed.
Power exploded in the room as her connection with Jalen was severed. And then, the world went black.
 
EPILOGUE

Sadie didn’t know what first brought her back from the darkness. It might have been the throbbing pain behind her eyes, or the cold, hard stone at her back. Or it might have been the rats that came to see if she were their meal for the day. She opened her eyes with a groan, and the rats scurried away when she moved.
The world swayed in front of her eyes and her stomach heaved. She clamped her mouth shut and gulped convulsively. Desperate not to lose the contents of her stomach, Sadie concentrated on breathing slowly, all the while chanting to herself that she would not retch. Only once her stomach settled was she able to actually study her surroundings.
Bare gray stone surrounded her on all sides but one. Across from her, a wooden door reinforced with heavy metal bars barred the only exit. Sadie didn’t need to try it to know it would be locked, and she groaned.
For the second time in as many months, she found herself staring at the inside of gaol cell. How had she ended up there? Her thoughts were in a scramble, compounded by the pounding headache that made it hard to concentrate on anything for more than a few seconds.
“H-hello? Anybody?” she called out after what seemed to her like an eternity, her voice sounding hoarse and scared. The oppressive silence and gloominess of the cell pressed against her like a nightmare, and the sound of her own voice at least allowed her to keep a grip on her sanity.
“Sadie?” 
She jumped, not having expected any kind of answer. But hearing Kadar’s voice now brought such relief that she sagged back to the floor. “Kadar, is that you?”
“I’m afraid so,” he replied darkly.
“Where are you?”
“From the direction of your voice, I’d say in the cell beside yours.”
What? Why would they throw the captain of Jalen’s guard in a cell?
“What happened back there?”
She heard him sigh. “We’ve been set up,” he replied in disgust.
She pressed back against the wall and closed her eyes. “Tell me. Tell me everything.”
 
FROM THE ASHES:
PROLOGUE

What? Why would they throw the captain of Jalen’s guard in a cell?
“What happened back there?”
Sadie heard Kadar sigh from the next cell over. “We’ve been set up,” he replied in disgust.
She pressed back against the wall and closed her eyes. “Tell me. Tell me everything.”  
 
ONE

The coolness of the stone wall at her back seeped into Sadie’s clothes and chilled her skin. Silence fell, only broken by the sound of water dripping somewhere out of sight, and she wondered if Kadar would answer her question. She was about to call out to him, unable to stand the oppressive atmosphere, when she heard him shift his weight around, as if looking for a more comfortable position. 
“What is the last thing you were aware of?” he finally asked. 
“Shortly after I sat next to Jalen. The curse reacted strongly to my energy, and it took a lot of concentration not to be swept away.”
“Then, by my estimation, when you were halfway through the healing there was a commotion in the hallway,” Kadar began. “My men attempted to handle the issue on their own. Due to your warning, none of them wished to open the door and interrupt for fear something would go wrong. But when the noise became a scuffle, I went to investigate.”
He stopped, and she prompted him to continue. “Who was fighting?”
“The queen’s men. They outmanned us three to one.” He sounded like he had just eaten a particularly sour lemon and didn’t much like the taste of it.
Sadie sucked in a breath. “The queen’s men? But why would they attack?”
“At first, it was too chaotic to determine the accusations.” Even though a stone wall separated them, Sadie heard flesh smack a wooden door. A fist? “A dry hell! The one thing I heard clearly was ‘get the witch!’” Kadar paused. “I’m sorry, Sadie.”
“Kadar?”
“The queen arrived with her attendants. She ordered us to stop. None of my men wanted to, but we had no choice if we wanted to keep our heads. We had to step aside and let her enter the room.” She heard a second, softer thud against the door next to hers, as if he had hit his head against it. “I still tried to stop her highness when she ordered you torn from Jalen’s side.”
The sensation of rough hands pulling her back made sense now. So did her nausea and the explosion she faintly remembered. They had broken the connection before she’d properly severed contact. The rush of power from the backlash must have been a sight to behold.
“The subsequent flash of light blinded everyone for several moments,” Kadar added when she didn’t say anything.
“And the men who touched me?”
“They had to lock several of them in cells down the hall. They were giddy. Euphoric. Uncontrolled. And until a few moments ago, they could be heard laughing and carrying on about how much they loved each other.”
In spite of their grim situation, Sadie had to snort at the image Kadar’s words painted of the usually stoic soldiers. “They should be fine after a few more hours of rest.” She shook her head. “They were incredibly lucky. If I truly had been doing Jalen harm, they wouldn’t have survived.” 
Kadar didn’t reply. After a moment, Sadie asked, “What happened next?”
“It knocked you unconscious, and you were dragged from Jalen’s side. The queen claimed you were a witch intent on finishing off what the curse had started, and her men’s intoxication seemed to prove it.” Kadar sighed. 
This wasn’t good, Sadie thought worriedly. Everything she had learned at her mother’s side about healing rituals warned against interruptions. Contact had to be cut only once the healer was done, and even then it needed to be done carefully. “Do you know how Jalen is faring?”
“No. He didn’t seem conscious the last I saw of him.”
Sadie bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes. She could feel a scream—or maybe a sob—build in her throat. Without a healer to complete the ritual, he might never wake up.
“And so I ended up in this cell,” she concluded, defeated.
“Without Jalen there to refute it, it was easy for her highness to lay all the blame for the curse at your feet. Her highness, Queen Devi, is demanding your execution as a traitor to Zammar.”
Sadie’s palms began to sweat and her heart pounded. Responsible for the curse? Execution? “What do you mean?”
“The queen’s formal accusation to the king is that you cursed Jalen for your own political gains. Your red hair is being touted as proof of your foreign origins. Clearly, you acted for a rival kingdom.”
Sadie was stunned into silence. She had nothing to do with Jalen’s curse. She wanted to save him, not kill him. 
“And you are in the cell next to mine?”
“So I am.”
“Why?”
“When I dared argue your innocence, I was accused of being your co-conspirator.” His voice grew quiet. “The very fact that I insisted you were trying to help him was what finally damned me to the cell next to yours. But I had to defend your honor.”
“Oh, Kadar! I would have understood if you’d said nothing.” Tears prickled her eyes. “You should have saved yourself and stayed by Jalen’s side. Instead you are stuck here.” The tear slid down her cheek. “I truly am sorry.”
“I was already suspect. I ordered my men to engage her highness’s guards. That alone was enough to bring about my arrest. Defending you just made my imprisonment happen sooner.” 
“What do we do next?” she finally asked after a long silence. 
“For now, we wait. I’ll think of something.”

***

Jalen was trapped in a nightmare—unless this was what death felt like. He didn’t know how long he had been stuck there, but it seemed like an eternity.
The last thing he had been aware of was Sadie placing her hands on his chest to start the ritual. Then the energy from her fingers poured into his veins, slowly at first, but with rapidly increasing strength and speed. Her magic coiled around the curse tendrils wherever her power encountered it, and dragged it toward the cage Jalen had built in his mind to contain it.
The whole process burned like the desert sun at noon.
Jalen had used every ounce of his willpower to control the curse’s natural desire to retaliate against Sadie’s energy. He pulled and pushed and tugged on the shadowy tendrils, and between Sadie’s power and his strength, they had made progress. The itch of the tendrils slowly retreated, leaving coolness in their wake. And it felt good.
Then she had disappeared. Gone! Nowhere to be found within his mind or body.
Jalen almost lost everything they had gained when her presence left him. He’d desperately sought her energy until he felt the Shifting Sands try to take over his mind. At that point, his search transformed into a struggle for survival. His willpower against the curse’s endless hunger. For what seemed like forever, Jalen struggled to rebuild the cage around it, to contain it once more. But he knew, even if he managed it, he still needed Sadie to come back and finish what she had started. Without her, he would never be free.
And so, Jalen waited, and hoped. Sadie would return. Anything else was inconceivable. And when she returned this time, he knew in his heart that he would never let her go again. He no longer cared about caste, or about his status as prince. She would be his—forever.
Where was she?
 
***

Sadie awoke to the sound of hushed voices coming from the corridor outside her cell. She had no idea how long she’d slept. It may have been days or only minutes, but with no window or light source she couldn’t hazard a guess. 
“Captain? Where is Sadie?”
That sounded like Siddig. That also sounded like a metal key scraping in a lock. She sat up so fast her head swam for a moment.
“Next cell over,” Kadar answered.
Door hinges squeaked. 
“Miss Sadie?” a second man called out.
“Baqi?”
“Yes, miss. Stay put, we’ll get you out of there in a moment. Siddig is finishing with the captain’s door right now,” Baqi told her.
“What are you doing here?”
Siddig answered, “Getting you out. You have to finish healing his highness.” 
She heard a key on a ring rattle and slide into the lock. 
“Is he awake?”
“No, Miss Sadie,” Siddig said, just on the other side of her door. “The queen had him moved to his bedroom.”
The cell door creaked open and Sadie scrambled to her feet, wishing nothing more than to leave this dank dungeon as fast as possible. 
Siddig and Baqi surged forward and scooped her into an embrace. Taken by surprise, Sadie let them hug her. Tears pricked her eyes. She sniffed, touched by their obvious affection. “It’s good to see you again,” she murmured. “Now please tell me, has there been a change in his condition? Any change at all?” 
Baqi released her and stepped back before answering. “You’ve managed to do the impossible, Miss Sadie. The curse has stopped spreading. Actually, it’s now confined to his face only, and it’s stopped moving. It’s incredible. It’s not been this small in months. His mask would easily cover any trace of it. But… he is still unconscious. You have to finish the ritual and wake him!”
“I see,” Sadie said, worried. She had to get to Jalen’s side, and quickly. The fact he had been unconscious for hours didn’t bode well. “Where are the other guards?”
“All but Issa and Hakim have come together to get you out safely and back to his highness's wing,” Siddig explained.
Kadar stepped behind Siddig and touched his shoulder. “Are they alright?”
“Minor injuries only. They are guarding his highness, along with ten of the queen’s personal guards patrolling the wing. Everyone else—including Vara—is waiting to guide you back to his highness.”
“That’s over half of her personal—” Kadar began.
“Vara?” Sadie interrupted, startled. “The grumpy matron servant?”
“She’s Jalen’s old nursemaid,” Kadar explained. “Why is she involved?” he then asked Siddig. “She’s an old woman.”
“She’s also a stubborn old desert cat. She refused to be left behind, claiming that if Miss Sadie has done that much good already, the least she could do is deliver Sadie to his highness to complete what she started.” Siddig shrugged. “We should hurry. We may have had to do some... explaining, and our presence may be discovered at any moment.” 
“Nothing permanent, I assume,” Kadar said with a frown. 
“No, nothing permanent, captain. But they may be a bit... tied up at the moment.”
“You committed treason just so you could get me out of here?” Sadie asked in a whisper. “You are risking too much!”
“No, Miss Sadie,” Baqi argued. “We risk nothing. It’s not treasonous if we act on the prince’s behalf. Once you finish healing his highness, the whole palace will see that we acted for the kingdom, not against it.” 
“We must move,” Siddig interrupted sharply. “Silence is our virtue. Come.”
Baqi turned with a nod, and led the way through the dungeon with Sadie following. Siddig and Kadar trailed behind her. 
“Over half her guard? Are you sure?” Kadar asked in a low voice, continuing what he had started before Sadie interrupted him.
“Yes. And that’s not all,” Saddig reported.
“Go on.”
“Ratan and I were discussing the events earlier. The way he explained it, her highness acted swiftly and without his majesty’s knowledge,” Siddig answered.
“Explain.”
“Her highness has been... agitated... since Marek’s removal from our group. She’s had men stationed in the corridor just outside Jalen’s wing to ‘stand guard’ under the guise of protecting the rest of the palace. But in truth, they were tasked with watching for any indication of Jalen’s status. When Yusuf and Fahd removed Taj’s body for his funeral pyre, they were discussing Sadie’s upcoming healing ritual. Ratan was the one who delivered this news to her highness. She ordered her men to stop the ritual at all costs.”
“Why did Ratan break his oath of loyalty and tell you this?”
“Ratan is a friend,” Siddig replied.
“Friend?”
“Yes. A friend to his highness,” Siddig answered. “Queen Devi is not as meek as she appears, and his highness has more compassion—at least before the curse stole it from him. He sent a small stipend to Ratan’s mother when his father was killed in the last war. This endeared him to his highness more than the petty demands and casual cruelty of her highness.”
“I see,” Kadar said.
“He is convinced that Queen Devi would do anything to prevent Sadie from healing his highness. At first, I didn’t want to believe it, but he was most emphatic. It does pique the curiosity, doesn’t it?”
“That it does,” Kadar answered. “Walk soft,” he then called to Sadie and Baqi. “We approach the dungeon gates.”
Sadie nodded. It was interesting—and chilling—that Siddig’s friend, Ratan, would so blatantly accuse the queen of foul play. Did the queen truly want her stepson dead? It seemed a stretch to imagine that her highness would want to harm another member of the royal family. And the kingdom’s heir? It was unthinkable! But what did she know of palace intrigues.
As they turned the corner to gain the exit to the dungeon, they passed two palace guardsmen bound and gagged on the floor. Their eyes tracked the small party’s movements, burning with anger. Kadar broke away from the group and approached the pair. Once beside them, he hunkered down to talk.
“We hold no ill will. Give us the time we need to complete his highness’s healing before you raise the alarm.” Kadar turned to Sadie. “How long do you think you’ll need?”
“An hour. Maybe two,”  Sadie answered after thinking about it for a few seconds.
Kadar turned back to the bound men. “Three hours,” he requested. “Then you will see we are not traitors.”
When the men did not look won over, Kadar continued, “Shyamal, you served under me, and although you are no longer one of my soldiers, you know how much his highness means to me and to his men. It’s unfortunate that you were not retained, but I couldn’t keep everyone. Once his highness is restored to health, your cooperation will certainly be rewarded. You’ll act as though nothing is amiss, correct?”
Sadie caught Shyamal’s slight nod.
“Good man,” Kadar acknowledged, and proceeded to remove the men’s bonds. Once free, Shyamal stood and saluted Kadar. He nudged his fellow soldier—a young man not much older than Taj had been—to do the same.
Kadar nodded and returned to the group. “Let us depart.”
They stepped out of the dungeon gates and joined Jalen’s five remaining guards, who were waiting for them, weapons at the ready. Their nervous gazes cleared as they caught sight of Sadie’s group, and they hurried to their side. Each one saluted Kadar and then Sadie before ushering Vara forward.
“Captain,” she greeted with a smile. “Please follow me.” She turned to guide them toward Jalen’s wing.  
They quickly made their way through darkened service corridors. Sadie could almost taste the soldiers’ nervousness. Were they to be stopped now, they would all be killed on sight for their role in helping traitors escape. Fortunately, they reached the servants’ wing without meeting anyone. Vara really did know her way around the palace and how to avoid detection. 
Vara led them to the kitchens, where several young servants were hard at work preparing food.
“There was a time when the staff was to stay hidden. The old king required us never to be heard, or seen,” Vara explained. “The hidden servants’ halls were installed during his majesty’s great-grandfather’s reign. Their presence has been ignored since his majesty gained the throne, and few still know of their locations. But I grew up within these walls, and many of us used to entertain ourselves for hours within their winding paths. Later on, while I worked as his highness’s nursemaid, I used the paths leading to the baths. Many a time, he was… unfit for traversing the main hallways, and I needed to get him clean in a hurry. The hallways came in handy.”
Sadie pictured a toddling Jalen covered in some unknown grime and needing a scrub before the king or queen came to see him. She suppressed a smile at the image it conjured.
Vara stopped in front of a wall and flipped a latch hidden in an ugly plaster carving. A door, invisible until now, sprang open under her hand.
“Quickly,” the old woman commanded, and entered the hidden hallway.
Kadar followed her, and Sadie joined him. The rest of Jalen’s guard fell into step behind her and they moved rapidly through the hidden corridors.
In less time than Sadie expected, they reached Jalen’s bedroom. Vara pulled on another hidden latch and pushed the door open, standing to the side to let the rest of the group enter before her.
“Miss Sadie?” she called as Sadie was about to follow Kadar.
Sadie stopped and turned back to look at the old servant. “Yes?”
Vara took Sadie’s hands in hers, her fingers like dry twigs but still strong. “Thank you. His highness is like a son to me.”
Sadie nodded, throat closing with emotion. Jalen seemed to have that effect on a lot of people.
Vara moved aside, and Sadie finally stepped through the door.
Her gaze was drawn immediately to Jalen’s resting form. He looked so peaceful with his face calm and relaxed and his eyes closed. His hands rested on his chest, fingers threaded. Someone had dressed him in a loose fitting white tunic with a black Zammar sun embroidered on the front, and a pair of linen pants dyed a deep blue.
Sadie almost laughed, knowing Jalen would not appreciate the artfully designed garments. He much preferred simplistic clothes without adornments. For a future king, he acted more like a commoner when it came to pomp and circumstance. 
She attempted a smile for Hakim and Issa, standing guard at the door leading to the antechamber. They returned her smile but did not react in any other way to her presence.
When she reached Jalen’s side, she gazed down at him, assessing his condition quickly. Siddig was right. The curse appeared so small compared to the writhing mass of only a few days ago. Now, it looked like an elaborate tattoo that happened to move occasionally. The tendrils swirled near his eye and down his temple. The shadows coiled and curled in on themselves, barely moving.
“Funeral garments?” Kadar growled, disrupting Sadie’s assessment.
She frowned and looked at Jalen’s clothing again and paled as she took in the significance of the black embroidery on white cloth. Those were the clothes worn by the dead on their funeral pyre. 
Turning to Hakim, Kadar asked, “Who ordered this?”
“Her highness.”
“Why? Clearly he still lives,” Kadar growled. “I can see his chest rise and fall from where I’m standing.”
“She is anticipating his demise. Truth be told, his heartbeat is weakening, and his body is growing cool.” 
Sadie stretched out beside Jalen on his bed and put a hand on his chest. She could feel his heart beating under her fingers, but just as Hakim had said, it was slow and far too weak. Jalen was slowly dying, and would soon be gone. Had she come too late? But no, she had to try, to fight for him. She would save him.
“Kadar?” she whispered.
“Yes.”
“Do you think you can remove his drainer?”
“Too dangerous. The curse may force him to use his magic against you,” Kadar said at once. “Ultimately, that’s why he was fitted with the talisman.”
“In other circumstances, I’d agree with you. But with Jalen so weak, I’ll need every shred of power I can get, and that includes his. I’ll take the risk that it might be used against me.”
“But the curse has made his magic so much stronger. What if it’s too much for you?”
“Magic doesn’t work that way. The curse only uses what power he already possessed. It channeled it, true, but it didn’t make it stronger,” Sadie explained. “If he had more formal training, he would have known this already.” Curious, she asked, “How many knew of his power?”
“Only a few: the king, queen, some of the men in command of the army, his guards. Only the ones who would be affected directly by it. No tutors were ever appointed to help educate him on how to use it.”
“It’s good that he was fitted with the drainer before the ritual, then. Otherwise, I expect everyone in the room would be dead by now. The Shifting Sands is like a wild animal. When cornered it will protect itself.”
“And you still want the drainer removed?”
“I do,” she answered. “At this stage, I have little choice. The ritual has to be completed soon, before Jalen gets any weaker. But I believe that the curse is now weak enough that it won’t be able to access Jalen’s magic without Jalen’s knowledge. Now, will you remove the drainer for me?” 
Kadar didn’t look happy, but he nodded. “I’ll do it.”
“Thank you, Kadar. Please, don’t worry about me. I know what I’m doing.” Hopefully.
With some effort, Sadie called up her power and felt it tingle down her fingertips. She reached forward and touched Jalen’s face. The tendrils twitched, but otherwise remained motionless. Focusing inward, Sadie immersed herself into her healing.
 
***

Jalen estimated hours—or perhaps even days—had passed since Sadie abandoned him to his fate. No, he chided himself, she wouldn't have abandoned him. But she might be hurt and unable to continue. Nonetheless, the result was the same. She was gone, and he could feel his life energy slipping away. Everything moved so slowly he could only assume he was dying.
Idly, he wondered if it would hurt when he passed away. Nothing really hurt at the moment, so he supposed it would not. He almost didn’t care if he lived or died. Caring took energy he did not have anymore, and he mentally sighed.
There was a tickle—no, more than a tickle, an irritation—on the skin near his eye, and he longed to brush it away. It frustrated him that he could not move. The sensation was becoming almost unbearable, when he felt a soothing presence, fingers feathered across the side of his face, easing his discomfort. His whole being reached toward that touch, like a dying man given a last reprieve. 
Sadie. She was back. Her magic felt like the taste of cool water after a days lost in the desert, nothing could be better. He directed his consciousness to greet her, hoping she would feel it. Her energy flashed in what could only be explained as happiness. 
Immediately, she sent her magic toward the remaining tendrils of the curse that he could sense at the edge of his mind. She caressed the evil shadows, spreading the soothing balm of power, and ever so slowly drew the curse closer to the cage Jalen had already built within his mind. 
There she paused and waited. Jalen didn’t know what she was waiting for. Not for the first time, he wished they’d discussed the ritual process in more depth before attempting the healing. But he had been in no state to think logically.
And then his world exploded.
Power rushed through his veins, pulsing, growing in strength. Jalen had forgotten how good it felt to have power at his fingertips.
His returning magic brought with it several questions. He wondered why it felt as strong as before the ritual. He would have expected it to be weaker, similar to the way it had been all his life. But it wasn’t, and he had full control of it. 
Sadie seemed to realize it, for she entwined her magic with his, steering his consciousness toward the curse. It had started moving once more, agitated by the sudden influx of power. Jalen understood her intent. They needed to stop it before it attacked them again.
Could he freeze the curse’s progress now that he had full access to his power? He had never considered himself strong enough to do so before. With Sadie there beside him, he might just manage it.
Jalen increased his power, and with a blast of energy strong enough to leave him completely empty, he froze the curse in place.
As the last of the power left his body, he felt Sadie sweep in and heal the damage that remained. In a loving caress, Jalen touched Sadie’s power, trying to let her know she should withdraw. And then, he pushed his consciousness forward.
Jalen blinked. He was staring at the ceiling of his own bedroom, everything coming into sharp focus. He could feel Sadie pressed against his side, and his eyes sought hers.
When their eyes met, she smiled in relief. “Jalen!”
“Hello, love.” A grin spread across his face.
A chorus of excited whispers sounded in the room, drawing away his attention. Jalen looked around him. His guards—he counted all of them, including Kadar—had gathered around the bed, their expressions reflecting their relief. Baqi slapped Hakim’s shoulder and both grinned.
He turned back to Sadie. Jalen needed her lips against his, so he grabbed her chin and pulled her close. When their mouths met, Sadie’s eyes opened wide in surprise before drifting closed again. When he ran his tongue along her lower lip, she opened for him, soft and inviting.
He threaded his fingers through her curly hair and held her close while his tongue danced with hers. Slowly, he sat up, keeping her mouth locked to his and tugging her into his lap. Sadie wrapped her arms around his neck as he kissed her. 
Kadar cleared his throat. “Jalen?”
“What is it, Kadar?” he answered with a groan.
“We don’t have time for this.”
Jalen gave Sadie’s lower lip one last nibble before looking to Kadar. In truth, he’d forgotten Kadar’s presence in the room. He wished Kadar had waited a little longer before reminding him of it.
“What has transpired in my absence?” Jalen finally asked, pleased to note the artfully disguised inattention of his men. Stances at attention and eyes turned away, they affected not to notice how Jalen’s hands rested on Sadie’s waist, or how he held her close, straddled across his hips. She had her face buried in his shoulder. The warmth from her blush could be felt even through his shirt. It seemed she had forgotten they were there also.
“The queen has been trying to kill you.”
“That is a tall accusation, my friend. Tread softly on this path.”
“She ordered the termination of the healing ritual. She came with her men to make sure we couldn’t contest the order. Sadie and I were imprisoned for treason. She’s trying to have us accused of laying the curse on you.” Jalen had rarely heard Kadar sound more angry that he did at that moment.
“Obviously, the palace dungeon was not enough to stop you from returning.” He held Sadie closer. He had been so very close to losing her. From losing everything.
Kadar’s smile was predatory when he answered, “Nothing would have kept me away. Good thing we arrived when we did, too. Queen Devi has ordered you be dressed in your funeral clothes. She is already imagining herself at your pyre.”
Jalen looked down at his tunic and could only confirm Kadar’s words. He was dressed for his own funeral.
“Tell me all you know. But please keep your voice low. My head is still pounding.”
It took another twenty minutes for Kadar to tell Jalen everything that had transpired from the start of the ritual until he awoke from his trance.
“If she is truly at fault, we need more proof than guards’ hearsay,” Jalen said once Kadar fell silent again. 
He ran a hand through Sadie’s hair. She’d shifted to a more comfortable position, but he refused to let her leave his lap. She now sat nestled on his crossed legs, resting her head against his shoulder, while he discussed matters with Kadar. “And I think I know a way to get that proof. Marek. He is the one who brought the healer who cursed me into the camp, and he is the one who killed him when the alarm was raised. Find Marek and bring him to me. I will confront the king on this matter.”
“Yes, your highness,” Kadar replied, before saluting and slipping back through the hidden doorway.
Jalen turned back to Sadie and whispered, “Should I send away the rest of the entourage?”
Her reaction did not disappoint. She jerked her head from his chest and stared, wide eyed and shocked at his suggestion.
“I jest, little firebrand. Alas, I am too tired at the moment to indulge.”
Jalen shifted his weight and situated their bodies so that they reclined in his bed side by side. He tucked her to his chest, and wrapped his arm around her to hold her close. “Stay with me while I rest a moment?”
The warmth in Sadie’s tone unmistakable. “Of course.”
He took a deep breath, and then another, enveloping his senses with Sadie’s unique scent. Concern for what he needed to do rolled around in his mind, and he needed to find balance before planning. Without thinking about it, Jalen let his hand drift upward to cup Sadie’s breast. Her nipple hardened under his thumb. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the only part of her that tensed, and she grabbed his hand to still it.
Jalen groaned. She was right. Sex would have to wait. For the moment, he was too weak. His muscles shook from the simple effort of sitting up while he conversed with Kadar. 
“Yusuf? How many days since I lost consciousness?”
“A little more than a day, your highness,” Yusuf answered.
More than twenty-four hours with no food or drink? No wonder he felt so fatigued.
“Vara?”
“Your highness?”
“Please send for a light meal of fruit, cheese, and some sweet tea,” he ordered. “Enough for everyone.”
She bobbed a stiff curtsey and slipped out the hidden door.
“Omar? Siddig? Please assess the situation outside. It is imperative none of the queen’s guard be made aware of my present state. Report as soon as it is clear you will not raise further alarm.”
They saluted and also left the room through the passageway.
“Baqi, retrieve a chain and a talisman that looks enough like the drainer to pass a quick inspection.” Jalen turned to Yusuf before Baqi could salute. “Yusuf, take Na’im and determine if the king is holding court. If he is not, then get him there. I do not care what you tell him as long as you keep my arrival a secret. It shall remain that way as long as possible.”
Yusuf saluted smartly and went to the hidden door. He stepped aside as Vara and Nadia came through it bearing trays laden with fruit and a teapot. With a slight nod, Jalen indicated Yusuf should grab something from the plate. Yusuf obliged and then disappeared into the hidden hallway.
Jalen filled his plate, and by silent agreement the guards let Sadie take her meal next before falling to the food that remained.
He was still chewing on a piece of cheese when Siddig returned. 
“They know something is different. Ratan was dispatched to alert the queen,” Siddig supplied. “I have full confidence he will stall.”
“But even Ratan needs to comply with a direct order eventually,” Jalen replied. “Do you know what he was instructed to report?”
“Only that noises could be heard from within. Voices. The general opinion is that you have just died and your guards are finishing the preparations for your funeral. They know they would not be welcomed inside, and are waiting for the queen’s orders before doing anything.”
“Good,” Jalen replied. “That suits my plan. As soon as Baqi returns we leave for the throne room. Sadie?” he asked and turned to pin her with his gaze. “You will be by my side.”
She gulped but nodded, slipping her hand in his. 
The hidden door opened again, and Baqi strode toward him. 
“I did not find anything that would suit. I brought a new link for the chain and some jeweler's shears. If the chain stays under your shirt, maybe no one will notice the talisman is missing.”
That plan sounded as good as anything Jalen could come up with. “Proceed.”
Baqi retrieved the drainer from where it lay and went to work modifying it for Jalen to wear again. 
He had one last thing he had to do before he spoke to the king. He extracted himself from the bed and stood, his leg muscles protesting the effort. He paid them no heed. He took a shaky step forward, under Sadie’ worried gaze.
“Fahd?”
“Yes, your highness?” 
“Go to my office and retrieve my royal seal and some parchment.”
After Fahd left the room, Jalen beckoned Sadie closer. He wanted to rest, but he had to remain strong. When she stepped near he wrapped his arm around her waist, drawing strength from her presence.
Once Baqi finished modifying the chain which had held the talisman, he approached. Jalen nodded and let him replace the necklace around his neck. He had to repress a shudder as the cold metal fell against his skin. This time, his magic stayed with him, and he sighed in relief. 
In less time than he expected, Fahd was back. Jalen left Sadie's side as he took the parchment from the soldier. He folded it into thirds, and melted the indigo wax the royal family used for formal documents. Once the wax dripped to the parchment, Jalen pressed his mark into the wax and pocketed the document.
“Hakim, Issa, inform any who return—and especially Kadar—to join me in the throne room. It is time to hold court.”
 
TWO

Sadie marveled at Jalen’s inner strength. He had to be exhausted, and yet he stood in the center of the room, directing men as if nothing was wrong. His calm, authoritative tone gave confidence to those in the room, and this showed in their expressions, and their willingness to obey him. These soldiers would die for him were he to order it. Jalen was truly a leader of men; the heir of Zammar. Sadie felt pride and relief well inside her. He truly was back. 
“Sadie?” Jalen beckoned her closer. “Stay at my left at all times.”
She nodded and went to stand next to him. 
“Let us be off,” he commanded and strode toward the hidden passage.
“Your highness?” Abbas called out quietly, stopping him from leaving the room.
“Yes?”
“Your mask?”
Jalen declined it with a swipe of his hand. “Leave it. I want all to see how I am cured. I will not hide behind a mask any longer.”
Turning back to the secret corridor, Jalen led the way inside. 
They walked the halls back to the kitchen. There, Jalen paused and reached for her. Sadie stepped closer, and he again wrapped an arm around her waist, leaning against her. Pressed against him, Sadie could feel the slight shaking of his muscle and see the sweat that had started to bead his skin. It made her fear that he might collapse.
She didn’t feel that much stronger, but she gathered what little power she had left and sent a weak pulse toward him. Jalen shook his head. “Save your strength, little firebrand. I am well enough.” 
Jalen leaned down to press a gentle kiss to her lips, before moving away from her. Sadie understood that he needed to stand on his own, but she wished she could help him. Taking the lead once more, he picked his way past the preparation tables and released a latch on a different wall. Another door swung open. 
The hidden passageway held so many twists, turns, and junctions that Sadie soon lost track. She simply hoped Jalen knew where he was going. As he didn’t hesitate at any of the crossways, she supposed he must have learned his way around at some point. Maybe as a child playing in the all but forgotten corridors. 
Finally, Jalen released a latch and stepped into yet another hallway, this time in the public part of the palace. Two guards, standing on either side of an ornately decorated door, twitched in surprise. 
“Your highness?” one man asked, his mouth open in shock. “We were told you were dead.”
“A rumor. As you can see, Prasad, I am very much alive,” Jalen answered. “Is his majesty holding court at this moment?”
Prasad, opened, then closed his mouth with a snap. “He is, your highness,” he finally said.
“Please announce my presence. And remember, I have no rank here.”
Prasad saluted in spite of Jalen’s reminder, and hurried down the hall. 
Sadie followed him with her eyes until he turned the corner, then her gaze drifted back to Jalen. When he caught her eyes on him, he smiled back at her and beckoned her closer. She stepped into his embrace, and he enclosed her in his arms. His mouth immediately captured hers, and she melted against him. The slight tremors racking Jalen’s body worried her. He appeared to be close to collapse. This time, in spite of his earlier refusal, she reached inside herself and let him have the last of her power.
He groaned and held her closer. The fact he didn’t push her away told her all she needed to know. In any other circumstances, he would have declined and asked that she save her energy. He truly was exhausted.
As they kissed, she let her magic flow through him. When they separated, she felt completely drained, and it was her turn to to sway on her feet.
“Sadie?” Jalen inquired, sounding worried.
She smiled at him. “Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.”
He hesitated for a moment, but finally let go of her and brushed the wrinkles from his clothes, assuming a regal mien. She watched with rapt attention as his gaze grew shuttered—hiding away all of his emotions. Here was the prince she had met at the square: aloof, authoritative, betraying nothing.
Sadie repressed a shudder and wrapped her arms around herself. 
The sound of footsteps approaching drew her attention back down the hall. Within moments, the man sent on Jalen’s errand came around the corner, and resumed his post at the door.
Jalen pulled him aside and spoke quietly, too quietly for Sadie to hear. He then handed him the sealed document she’d seen him make before rejoining their party at the door. 
Sadie heard a muffled voice behind the door seconds before the two guards opened it for them. “Your majesty, Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri to present a grievance for your verdict,” the man whose voice she’d heard behind the door announced. Even before the man stopped talking, Jalen stepped through with Sadie at his side.
She’d never been in the throne room before. Its opulence eclipsed everything else she’d seen inside the palace. At the head of the room, a raised dais sheltered two gilded thrones. One of the chairs stood empty, awaiting the queen’s presence. On the other side, an extremely obese man, garbed in elaborately embroidered dark blue linen, stood. Shock was clear on his face, and his hands trembled visibly.
Yusuf and Na’im stood at attention beside the dais, and they nodded toward Jalen as they entered the throne room.
Sadie, Jalen, and their party advanced toward the dais. When Jalen halted, Sadie did the same, remembering to stay on his left just as he had instructed. The guards fanned into a half circle behind them, standing at attention. 
“Your majesty,” Jalen greeted the king—his father—with a short bow.
When the guards saluted, Sadie dropped into an awkward curtsey. She didn’t know the protocol, but thought that following the guards’ lead was her best course of action.
The king struggled to regain his composure as he sat back on his throne.
“We were told you have a grievance to present before us. State your case,” he commanded Jalen with a voice that still shook.
“Attempted assassination.”
The king opened and closed his mouth twice before finding his voice. “Against whom and by whom?”
“Queen Devi Al-Jameyri and Marek Al-Patil against Prince Jalen ‘Anaq Al-Jameyri.”
“Son, what are you trying to accomplish?” the king exclaimed, seeming to forget his regal tone. He sounded shocked and angry.
“The curse was intentionally set so that my half-brother would inherit the throne in my place. Her highness was unwilling to accept fate, and hired a healer to perform the curse that was supposed to kill me. Her brother, Marek, sought him out, and when the deed was done, personally killed him.” 
“Jalen, you are talking of treason on the part of my wife,” the king replied, appalled. “I cannot believe she would do such a thing. Do you have proof of this?”
“My captain is securing my proof as we speak and will come here directly. In the meantime, fetch her highness. We shall ask her what her hand is in this matter.”
“Son, is this the curse speaking?”
“No, your majesty, it is not. Look at me; the proof is written on my skin. Although I am not cured, I have been given a reprieve from the madness. Summon the queen. Let us get to the bottom of this.”
Sadie thought the king would refuse, but after watching Jalen for a long moment, he bid one of his attendants to fetch Queen Devi. No sooner had the servant left, than Kadar entered the throne room, pushing a reluctant Marek in front of him. Upon reaching the rest of Jalen’s party, Kadar forced him to kneel before the king. Marek ignored their monarch and instead stared up at Jalen. Sadie felt sick seeing him again, but she forced herself not to look away, despite the shudder that traveled down her spine.
“Marek Al’Patil—” the king started.
“I thought you were dead,” Marek exclaimed while staring at Jalen.
Sadie winced. Even she knew not to talk over their sovereign.
“A convenient rumor only,” Jalen replied coldly. “Your majesty, please inform him of my grievance against him.” 
“Marek Al’Patil, you have been brought here to answer to accusations of attempted murder against my heir,” King Jameyri announced, commanding the attention of the room back to him.
“I would do no such thing, your majesty. It’s a lie,” Marek vehemently protested, and struggled to his feet.
At a wave of the king’s hand, Kadar let go of Marek and stepped back, placing himself between Jalen and Marek. His intense focus never deviated from Marek. 
Jalen looked to the king, and Sadie swore they came to an agreement without a word being spoken. 
“Captain, stand aside,” Jalen ordered.
In a move Sadie recognized for its unsettling nature, Jalen began to circle around Marek.
“A lie, you say?” Jalen said, breaking the highly charged silence. “Then please explain to us why you slipped an unauthorized healer inside a highly-guarded military camp.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Then let me explain,” Jalen answered, smirking.
Sadie shivered. His smile looked almost sinister.
“You leave my campaign in the middle of a skirmish without permission, and when I am injured, you miraculously return with a healer on hand. A man not detailed—or approved—by the royal house, who is quick to heal and quicker to curse.” Jalen paused his slow circuit around Marek to speak close to his ear. “And then once his job is finished, your sword is the one to dispatch the threat, before anyone else even has time to react. You ignored all protocol and meted out death without trial, thus preventing me from learning the truth.”
He straightened and resumed his prowling.
“This can only mean you were afraid that, were he to be interrogated, he might reveal information you wanted to keep hidden.” Jalen stopped and faced Marek. “Presumably, the fact you’d hired him?” 
Sadie saw the beads of sweat sliding down the side of Marek’s face.
“Do you know what the punishment is for treason?” Jalen didn’t wait for Marek to respond. “Most heinous crimes are punished by beheading. It is quick and—relatively speaking—tidy.” Jalen started circling Marek again, but this time he went the other direction, stalking softly, like a predator on the prowl. “Treason, however, is a messy crime, and messy crimes require messier punishments. As a traitor, you will be staked out in the desert sun. It will take no more than a day before dehydration makes you hallucinate. Your skin will blister and peel long before your death; the scavengers will come nibble at your flesh. I am told they prefer to go for the eyes first.”    
Marek’s mouth opened and closed several times before he found his voice. “You have no proof about any of this. You cannot convict me on conjectures alone.”
Jalen turned his gaze to Kadar. “Captain?”
“Yes, your highness?”
“Did you find any evidence?”
“Yes.” 
“Do you have it with you?”
“I do, your highness,” Kadar responded. He walked over and handed Jalen a folded piece of parchment. The same piece of parchment Sadie had seen Jalen leave with the guard at the entrance earlier.
Jalen broke the seal and looked down at the document, seeming to read the letter’s contents.
Marek paled, looking more concerned with each passing second. “Impossible! What is that? Where did you get it? Nothing was to be written down.”
“Was there something you wanted to say, Marek?” Jalen asked curiously.
He swallowed hard a few times, and shook his head. 
Jalen looked down at the document in his hand once more. “The note is coded, but clearly orders that all healers—even the herbalists—be removed from the kingdom to ensure that none can heal me.” He gave Marek a withering glare. “You see, it is all over now. Your plan failed.”
“Foolish woman. And after everything we worked toward.” Shock held Marek’s eyes wide open. He didn’t seem to realize he’d spoken out loud.
“It is alright to confess. All his majesty needs is your verbal confirmation, and all guilty parties will be held accountable.”
Marek’s face lost what little color it still had, and he staggered. Sadie could tell the moment he came to a decision.
“I won’t take the blame for this alone,” he spat. “I was only following Devi’s orders.”
Jalen put on a show of quirking an eyebrow. “Devi? As in, her highness, Queen Devi? Your esteemed sister?”
“Yes, curse you,” he growled at Jalen, and Sadie thought he might lunge at him. But in the end, Marek looked down and gritted his teeth, fear overruling his anger.
“And what were her orders?” Jalen questioned, his voice managing to be both calm and authoritative at the same time. His tone brooked no disagreement. Under his stare, Marek squirmed, and then wilted like a flower left too long without water.
“Your majesty,” Marek pleaded, turning his eyes on the king on his throne. King Jameyri gave him a glare which was the mirror of his son’s. Marek cringed.
“Answer his question and perhaps it will be remembered when comes the time for your sentencing,” the king ordered.
“She told me to slip the healer into camp and to get rid of him once he was done. I—” He gulped. “I swear I didn’t know what she planned.”
Kadar sneered. “What exactly did you think a strange healer smuggled into the camp in secret would do to his highness?” 
Marek cast his eyes around the room, as if in search of an ally. He stammered, “I... I didn’t... didn’t think.”
“Obviously not.” Kadar’s voice held such scorn Sadie winced. She wouldn’t want such a tone used while addressing her.
“But I tried to stop him when I realized what he was doing.”
“Ah, yes. Tried to stop him by slitting his throat before he could be interrogated,” Jalen interjected. “Very convenient, don’t you think?”
Marek’s eyes darted right and left, as if looking for help, but no one in the throne room would come to his aid now. Sadie could see shock, disgust, and anger reflected in the expressions of all those looking on the scene. The guards looked ready to jump into action if need be.
But Marek didn’t make any threatening moves. Instead, he deflated further when Jalen snapped, “It was premeditated.”
“She ordered it,” he mumbled. “She planned everything from the start. I only followed her directions.”
“What about the kingdom’s healers, Marek? We know the order came from the palace,” Jalen pushed.
Maybe realizing he’d already said too much, Marek snapped his jaw shut and looked away. 
When Marek didn’t answer, Kadar spoke again, his voice even colder, if that was possible. “Either you tell us now or you do so after spending a few hours in the care of his majesty’s head inquisitor. I, for one, wouldn’t mind observing as he breaks each one of your fingers in turn. And I’ll ask him to geld you while he’s at it.” 
Kadar exchanged a look with Jalen, then glanced at Sadie before he added, “I think I might wield the knife myself.”
Marek started trembling. Sadie knew Kadar did not threaten in vain. Marek had to realize the same thing. 
“What will it be?” Jalen asked, still calm, still strong.
Sadie glanced at him from the corner of her eye. He had spread his legs a little, as if bracing himself to keep upright, and the sweat beading his temples told her he was straining. Surreptitiously, she moved closer, but he gave her one look and shook his head. She stopped, knowing he wouldn’t accept her help even if she insisted. He wouldn’t show weakness while they were in public.
“It was her plan again,” Marek said after what seemed like forever. “A healer couldn’t be allowed to... to cure the prince in time.”
A look at the dais showed King Jameyri red with rage. Due to his age and girth, Sadie worried he might cause himself harm, and she would be powerless to help him in her exhausted state. Fortunately, he seemed to pull himself together after a long moment. His voice was a low rumble when he asked his closest guard, “Where is Devi?
Jalen cocked his head to the side for a moment. “No need to send for her again, Father. She is almost here.”  
An instant later, Sadie heard female voices coming from the corridor outside the throne room. She turned her head toward the doors just in time to see Queen Devi enter, surrounded by several guards and trailed by her handmaidens. She wore an elaborate gown of muted blue, and a veil that covered her hair and forehead, decorated with the Zammar sun embroidered around the edges. 
“Your majesty,” she acknowledged the king with a curtsey before taking in the room. Her eyes found Marek, who stood with his head bowed beside Kadar, and her eyes widened in surprise to see Jalen standing next to him. Recovering her composure, she nodded to Jalen. “It is good to see you well. My guard informed me of your passing. I am pleased to learn that he was wrong,” she told him.
Ratan must have delivered his news before the king requested her presence. It was the only explanation Sadie could come up with to justify the queen’s belief that he was dead. Queen Devi must have believed the summons to the throne room was to hear formally of Jalen’s demise.
“No need for the mourning attire just yet, your highness. I am quite hale,” Jalen replied, coolly.
She ignored Jalen’s statement and turned to the king. With a smile, she asked, “Why is my brother before you in such a manner?”
“He is accusing you of trying to assassinate me, your highness,” Jalen replied. 
“What?” the queen exclaimed. She paled and she turned to stare at Jalen.
“The game is over, Devi. Your brother has admitted everything already,” Jalen continued.
Queen Devi flicked her gaze toward Marek, before turning back to the king. She tsked. “You stand before his majesty, all appearances of health, but truly the curse has scrambled your mind.” She approached the throne, hands raised in a gesture that managed to be both pleading and enticing at the same time. “Your Majesty—Jameyri—I am afraid your son has gone insane and cannot be trusted in his judgment. He is under the influence of that witch. It’s the only explanation for an accusation such as this, for I would do no such thing.” Her eyes swiveled in Sadie’s direction. “You have to imprison—”
“Devi,” King Jameyri said, sounding pained, hesitant. “I wish I could believe your words, but your brother has confessed to his and your involvement already.”
Devi’s eyes darted to Marek and her lips thinned, but she gave him no more attention. “Then he was lying.”
“Lying?” Marek scowled at his sister. “I’ll not take the blame for this alone, sister.”
“Yes, lying,” Devi replied calmly, before she turned the full force of her seductive smile on her husband. “I would never do such a thing, Jameyri. My idiot brother knows not what he is talking about.”
“Devi Al’Patil,” the king repeated, sounding more commanding this time. Sadie noticed that he hadn’t used the queen’s married name or her title. The queen also noticed, as her lips thinned in repressed anger—unless it was from uneasiness. “You are facing formal charges. Your status as queen is the only thing saving you right now. Now, speak. Why did you curse my son?”
“I told you, I would never do something so vile,” Devi denied.
Jalen interrupted. “We found a letter, written in Marek’s hand and addressed to you, requesting guidance on his next steps.”
Marek sputtered a denial as she rounded on her brother. “You fool! Nothing was to be documented.” Queen Devi shook, whether in fear or fury, Sadie did not know.
Sadie chanced a peek at the king. If she hadn’t been watching, she would have missed the moment of confusion in his expression.
“So there is some truth to this?” King Jameyri asked. 
Devi glanced his way but kept her mouth tightly shut, refusing to answer. Jalen answered in her stead. “Yes.”
“Why would she do this?” He sounded more than unhappy. He sounded like a man betrayed.
“The usual. Greed. The desire for more power.” Jalen shrugged. 
King Jameyri frowned at Jalen. “Explain yourself, son.”
“I am the not the only male descendant of this dynasty anymore. Devi bore you a son three seasons ago. But she realized that the babe wouldn’t gain power as long as I lived, and it seemed like our enemies wouldn’t be so kind as to kill me for her. The war was almost over and I still lived, ready to return to the capital as a hero.”
Sadie glanced at Jalen, then at the queen. The woman was shaking hard enough that the golden bangles at the wrists were chiming. The look she leveled at Jalen held enough loathing to strike fear in an army. 
Jalen’s expression never changed as he continued, “And so, she had to find another way to get rid of the man that stood between her and her son inheriting the throne of Zammar. She almost succeeded too. Unfortunately for her, she didn’t quite manage to get rid of all the healers.”
He beckoned Sadie closer, and she gladly came to stand close to him. He threaded his fingers with hers, and she squeezed his hand silently. In that moment, he appeared to take comfort in her proximity, just as she did in his.
“It will be years before Patil is fit to rule, Devi; he is but a babe and might not even survive infancy.” King Jameyri stared at his wife.
“With me out of the way, Father, if you were to die an untimely death, Devi would become regent,” Jalen pointed out coldly.  
King Jameyri’s expression turned shocked. “Is that true, Devi? Was that your plan all along? First murder my heir, then myself so you may reign as regent?”
“No, that’s false,” the queen insisted.
“We already have Marek’s confession. There is nowhere left to run, Devi. None of your charms will work on the inquisitor,” Jalen pointed out, sounding bored. Yet, from his hand in hers, Sadie could feel him all but radiate with tension.
She rubbed her thumb across the back of his hand and replayed the conversation in her head, and she frowned. Something still wasn’t clear to her. “Wait,” she said, and immediately realized she’d spoken out loud when everyone’s eyes trained on her. She felt blood rush to her cheeks and wished she’d stayed quiet.
“What is it, little firebrand? Is there anything you want to add?” Jalen asked gently. He wrapped an arm around her waist. She realized he must be closer than ever to complete exhaustion. She snuggled closer, allowing him to use her support.
She spoke softly to Jalen. “It’s about the curse. Trying to kill someone for political reasons is one thing, but cursing someone like you were… that’s personal hatred. The man my mother cured when I was a child was cursed by his wife after he left her for another woman. She wanted him to suffer as much as she had when he abandoned her.”  
“Sadie’s right,” Kadar added thoughtfully. “The queen went to great lengths to have his highness suffer before his death. That’s going to a lot of trouble for a simple political assassination. A dagger between the ribs would have been faster, cleaner, and more effective.”
“I told her the same thing,” Marek muttered, loud enough that all could hear him. “She would not listen to me.”
“Be quiet,” Devi hissed back.
“No, I won’t! It’s all your fault, Devi. If you’d just let me hire that assassin instead, Jalen would be dead now and your brat would be the new heir! But you had to have your revenge first, didn’t you? You wanted to see him suffer. You were stupid. A petty, stupid woman.”
Sadie could almost hear the moment when the last of the queen’s control snapped. The atmosphere in the throne room grew thick with malice, and she shivered in spite of herself. 
The queen’s mask finally dropped as she stood in the middle of the room, alone with her guilt. Her eyes shone with hatred when she first looked at her brother, then Jalen and the king.
“Curse you. Curse you all!” she spat. “Patil should be Zammar’s next king! My son deserve the throne, not this… this warthog!”
Did the queen just call Jalen a warthog?
“I should have married Prince Jalen as I was promised,” Queen Devi cried, and waved her hand in the kings direction. “Not his fat, rutting buffoon of a father.”
If the king was taken aback at being called an obese clown, he did not show it. “You were made a queen. I gave you all you could ever want,” he said, not quite hiding the grief in his voice.
“For a limited time only,” she said. “Once he takes the throne I will become obsolete, thrown away like a torn kamiz. I deserve better.” She stomped her slippered foot on the floor in impotent anger.
“Is that why you tried to make your way into my bed, even after marrying my father?” Jalen asked, a scowl on his face. 
“You bed any woman that will spread her legs for you,” she sneered, gesturing to Sadie. “I would have been so much better for you than that trollop.”
Sadie tensed at the insult. But Jalen didn’t give her time to reply.
“That is a bold claim from a woman who tried to seduce me. And failed. I wouldn’t take you to my bed if you were the last woman in this palace, Devi.” Jalen snarled. “A dry hell, you’re my father’s wife!”
It was Devi’s turn to blanch under the insult. 
“My son, Devi?” the king asked. “And how many more men? I tried to ignore the palace gossip. But now… Is Patil even mine?” The poor man sounded more weary than angry, Sadie thought. Learning his wife had tried to kill his oldest son after cuckolding him must have been quite a blow for the old man.
King Jameyri ran a hand over his eyes and, as if in an attempt to school his features. When he next looked at the people gathered in the throne room, his gaze was hard, unforgiving. “No matter. The babe’s future can be decided later.” He turned to the guard who looked in charge. “Take those two traitors away. I do not want them in my sight again. The inquisitor can get the rest of the details from them.”
The man saluted and gestured his men to grab the queen and her brother. 
“But your majesty—” Marek protested.
The king glared. “Treason is punishable by death in Zammar. I never said you would be exonerated.” 
Marek’s eyes bulged, and he opened and closed his mouth without a sound. Sadie tensed. Her instincts screamed a warning to her a second before he moved. Marek lunged and crashed into Kadar, making him lose his balance. Before anyone could stop him, he retreated, holding Kadar’s scimitar in his hands. His maddened gaze trained on Sadie.
“It’s all your fault. He should have died!” he screamed and charged straight at her, sword ready to kill.
She froze, her heart skipping a beat. Paralyzed by fear, she couldn’t move. She could only watch Marek getting closer, as if time had slowed. Even the screams and curses of the guards only reached her ears as distant echoes. And then, Jalen was suddenly in front of her, drawing out his own scimitar and a wicked looking dagger. A second later, metal clashed against metal as Jalen met Marek’s mad dash. Marek gasped and red appeared on his shirt, expanding ever outward. Without another sound, he crumpled to the floor.
Jalen stepped back, and Sadie saw the blood dripping from his scimitar blade. She shuddered, unable to stop staring at Marek’s unmoving body. Somewhere in the room, Devi was screaming, but no one paid her any heed. Jalen turned to the king.
“Forgive me, Father, for the spilling of blood in the throne room,” Jalen said. He actually sounded contrite.
King Jameyri waved his hand vaguely. “Apology accepted.” He glanced around the room, his gaze lingering on the queen’s retinue. When he spoke, his voice was cool and showed no hint of any emotion. “This hearing is over. You are all dismissed.”
“Father, I would request a little more of your time,” Jalen said politely. 
“Granted,” King Jameyri replied.
The queen’s wailing subsided as she was led away, followed by the gaggle of fearful handmaidens and her visibly shocked personal guards. Jalen’s guards, however, stayed with their prince, and so did Sadie when she realized Jalen wasn’t letting go of her hand. Once calm had returned to the throne room, the king seemed to relax. He turned his attention back to Jalen, his expression one of relief and paternal pride.
“I was told you were on the brink of death. I was assured there was no hope. How is it that you survived, son? What happened to the curse?”
Jalen reached for Sadie’s hand, and she laced her fingers with his. He pulled her forward to stand to his left. “This is Sadie, Father, the strongest healer I have ever met. She has managed to still the curse’s advance and returned my sanity.”
Sadie swallowed hard as the king looked at her, the intensity of his scrutiny making her want to hide behind Jalen’s back. Never in her life had she thought she would meet the monarch, and she felt uncomfortable under the circumstances. 
“So this is your mistress? The witch.”
“I’m not a witch,” she said under her breath, afraid to speak out any louder, and embarrassed about her role in Jalen’s life. Jalen let go of her hand to put an arm around her shoulder in comfort.
“Not a witch,” he confirmed. “She has been my constant companion these last few months. I owe her my life. She is the woman I love.”
She stared up at him, her mouth hanging open in shock. Love?! Did he just declare love for her in front of the king? He hadn’t even done that in private yet.
“The woman you love?” the king repeated, clearly taken by surprise by the declaration.
“I request she have a permanent home within the palace, at my side.” Jalen smiled, slow and lazy, ignoring the king’s shock.
“On retainer as your personal healer?” The king seemed to think about it seriously before he spoke again. “Acceptable. As long as she continues to monitor your recovery and aids in additional healing as necessary, I don’t care what you do with her in bed.”
“You misunderstand me, Father. I want her at my side as my betrothed. I will have no other.”
Sadie sucked in a breath. Her eyes darted from Jalen to the king. “Have you gone mad?” she hissed at him. He only smiled back, his eyes twinkling with humor.
The king sputtered in disbelief, before sitting straighter and glaring at his son. “She is common-born and an unfit match for a prince. You know that.”
“Then raise her status to princess. You are king; you have that power.”
“Unacceptable,” King Jameyri ground out.
“If you prefer, I could lower my status,” Jalen asked innocently, adding almost as an afterthought, “Ah, but, Father, do you not remember? You have already done that. I am not your heir anymore, and I can choose outside my station should I desire it. And I do desire it.”
“Jalen, what are you doing?” Sadie whispered, aghast. She couldn’t believe he would be so high-handed as to go ahead with one of his foolish plans without consulting her—again. “How can you be certain I even want to stay with you?”
He grinned. When he didn’t answer her, she growled, “You promised to consult me about matters that affect my life. Have you forgotten this already?”
“That was about protecting you. This is different.”
“How is it different? You are deciding my life for me again.” Sadie was angry and confused. What was he thinking?
“You said you loved me. Is that not the truth?”
She felt herself flushing. She wanted to look away, but Jalen cupped her chin with his fingers and forced her to keep her eyes on him. “Do you love me, little firebrand?”
She finally sighed. “I do love you.”
“If I return the sentiment, why should we continue to hide and deny our feelings?”
Sadie opened and closed her mouth, unable to come up with a retort.
A great guffaw from King Jameyri made them both turn to look at him. “I can see why you are drawn to her. Her temper matches her hair. All fire!”
“And her passion. I do so enjoy her throaty m—” Jalen responded.
“Jalen!” Sadie squeaked, cheeks flaming. She couldn't believe he would say that in front of his father. And in the throne room, no less! She peeked at the king from under her lashes. His expression reflected some amusement, and she blushed an even deeper red. 
“Father,” Jalen called, redirecting the king’s attention back to him. “Putting aside love and succession, I still need her by my side. I am mostly back to myself, but I can still feel the curse in my mind. I am not yet cured.”
“We shall see. Come forward, healer,” King Jameyri ordered.
Cheeks still flushed from Jalen’s teasing, Sadie bobbed another curtsey and stepped forward. She kept her eyes firmly fixed on the floor in front of her.
“Tell me, child, what did you do to heal my son?”
Sadie licked her dry lips, trying to clear her mind. She hid her hands behind her back before the king saw they were shaking. As silence stretched, Jalen settled behind her. He took her hands in his and wrapped her in his embrace. He whispered in her ear, “Remember, he is only a man and puts his finery on just like everyone else. One leg at a time.” His chuckle stirred the hair at her temple.
Sadie nodded. She trusted Jalen when it came to dealing with his father.
“I corralled it and put a magical wall around the curse’s origination point,” she tried to explain, although she felt words weren’t sufficient to explain her struggle. “It’s not a perfect solution, but it will allow Jalen to stay sane while a lasting cure is found.”
The king asked, “Will there be more rage episodes?”
Sadie looked to Jalen but his expression gave nothing away.
“I can’t be certain, your majesty, but it’s possible.” She sighed. She wished she could have done more, but it had been the best she could come up with without her mother’s books.
“And this is all your doing?” King Jameyri asked, sounding dubious.
She shook her head. “I couldn’t have done it without Jal—his highness. It was his willpower and, ultimately, his own magic that allowed me to save him.”
The king’s scrutiny was unsettling, and Sadie’s palms started sweating. Finally, King Jameyri turned his attention back to his son, effectively dismissing her presence.
“Send your people away. We still have much to discuss.” 
She gave Jalen an uncertain look, and he smiled back at her. “Go. I will see you again after I am done here.”
“Will you be alright?”
She would have much prefered him to get the rest his body needed. He and his father could catch up later. Jalen took her hand and brought it to his mouth, laying a light kiss on her fingers. “Go, little firebrand. Your concern touches me, but I will be fine.”
She sighed. “Alright, but do sit down before you collapse, will you?” Her statement earned her another booming laugh from the king. 
Jalen kissed the top of her head and gently pushed her toward Kadar. “Yes, little firebrand. Now, go. I will see you later.”
With one last look at him, she finally turned and joined Kadar as all of Jalen’s guards filed out of the throne room.
As she was about to exit, she heard the king ask Jalen, “That letter. I would like to see it.”
“There is no letter, Father. It was blank.”
She imagined Jalen shrugging. 
“Blank?”
“It was a trap. I had a hunch…” The rest of his sentence was drowned out as the heavy throne room door closed behind them.
Kadar touched Sadie’s shoulder. “Come. I’ll walk you back.”
 
THREE

Movement on the other side of the wall startled Sadie awake, and she stared at the ceiling, confused. She didn’t recognize the patterns etched in the white plaster; they weren’t the ones from her room. Then, as her mind finally caught up with her body, she remembered where she was.
After the king had dismissed them, Kadar had led her to a room adjoining Jalen’s quarters. Her own bedroom—the one she’d occupied since her arrival to the palace—was in shambles after Jalen tore through it trying to get to Taj, and the blood… Sadie shuddered, refusing to think about poor Taj’s blood all over the floor.
After making certain she would be fine in her new room—and indicating that only a door separated her from Jalen’s bedroom—Kadar had thanked her for saving his prince’s life and left. Her lips twitched as she remembered Kadar’s thankful smile. He wasn’t a man who smiled often.
Sadie sat and dragged her hand across her face to wipe the remnants of sleep from her face. Night had fallen at some point while she slept, and the moon offered the room’s only illumination. From its position in the sky, it had to be at least midnight. Had Jalen just come back? 
She glanced at the wall separating their rooms. She was sure she’d heard noise coming from his room. Would he be upset if she investigated? He’d been so fatigued when she left the throne room, and she worried about him. 
Before she changed her mind, Sadie stood and tiptoed to the door separating her room from his. She took a deep breath and pulled the latch opening it. 
She peeked around the doorframe and saw Jalen standing near his window, looking out, his right hand pressed against the frame. She hesitated on the threshold, unsure of her welcome.
“Come in, little firebrand. You are always welcome here.”   
Sadie took a tentatively step forward, her heart clenching in sympathy at how weary his voice sounded. He should have been allowed to retire to his quarters hours ago. 
“Such hesitation from someone who challenged a queen and won.” He turned from the window and smiled. His face was drawn and his eyes, when they met hers, looked red and irritated.
“Are you alright?”
He dropped his hand from the wall and closed in the distance between them to envelop her in his warm embrace. “I am much improved now that you are here.” He kissed the top of her head. “Have you eaten?”
His shirt muffled her negative response. He still wore his funeral vestments, and she suppressed her shudder at how close they came to losing him.
“I find I am too tired to make use of the baths tonight. You will have to put up with me as I am.”
She shrugged. He smelled fine to her: musky, warm, and inviting. 
Jalen held her a moment longer before stepping back. She immediately missed the safety of his arms. He strode toward the door, and she watched as he stuck his head into the anteroom, presumably to order a meal for them. He then made his way back toward the cushions surrounding his dining table. With a groan, he sat down and tried to smile at her as he patted the cushion beside his. “Come. Sit.”
Sadie complied at once.
“Don’t get too comfortable in your new accommodations,” he told her once she was sitting beside him.
Sadie’s heart beat faster, and she tensed, not sure she understood. Was there something wrong with her room? Did he not want her nearby? 
“Why?”
“Tomorrow you will be moved to the formal guest wing.” His expression grew hard, annoyed. “Apparently, it is unseemly for you to stay here unchaperoned now that we are formally betrothed. Propriety must be observed.”
Sadie stared at Jalen, mouth gaping until he used one finger to gently close it. A smile replaced his frown as he watched her process the news.
“The king agreed?” she asked when she could find her voice again. She never thought King Jameryi would sanction their match. She had been prepared to stay in the shadows of Jalen’s life for the foreseeable future.
Jalen chuckled and wrapped an arm around her waist, bringing her flush against his side. “Yes. He was neatly snared by his own decree.”
“Did you have it all planned before you confronted him about the queen?”
He took her hand in his, and pressed a kiss to her palm before answering, “Hmm, yes. It came to me while I was fighting the curse.” 
“Didn’t you think I might want a say in this?” she snapped back, aggravated by his high-handedness. 
Jalen nuzzled her hand before saying, “I took liberties with my prior promise to you. Please forgive me.”
Her anger dissipated at his unprompted apology, and she leaned her head on his shoulder with a sigh.
“If I had confirmed my plan with you beforehand, your reaction would not have been sincere.” Jalen kissed her fingers. “It was your shock and your anger that actually swayed my father. Had you been feigning in any way, he would have thought you were the one behind the request and would have denied it. I had to play you both to succeed. I was surprised he didn’t see it coming.”
“Isn’t that cheating?”
Sadie felt his chuckle rumble in his chest. “No. That is sound strategy.”
“I am so weary,” he whispered once he had stopped laughing. “He kept me for hours in that throne room. I thought for sure he would never dismiss me. Food and rest before I keel over is what my personal healer would order, and I plan to obey.”
Sadie brushed her fingertips across his forearm. She had no power left to give him today. She turned to study his eyes. She ran her fingers along his mark, confirming the curse was dormant. 
“Will you resume wearing a mask?” She actually thought the curse’s tendrils—like one of those nomadic warriors’ tattoos—made him look fiercer, and she didn’t really want him to hide it.
“No. It was an itchy, maddening device, and I want all to know I survived.”
She nodded. His ability to overcome such deadly magic would strike fear of his strength in his enemies once the news spread.
Jalen pulled her closer, and he used one hand to tilt her head toward him. His lips touched hers in a gentle kiss. His other hand rested firmly on her breast, and he rubbed a slow circle around her puckering nipple. 
A knock at the door interrupted their embrace. Her cheeks flaming, Sadie struggled until Jalen relented and released her. “Enter.”
Sadie turned to look just in time to see Nadia, a platter ladened with food in her hands, bob a curtsey. “Your highness. Miss Sadie,” she greeted them shyly.
Nadia stepped forward to place the tray on the low table before them.
“Thank you, Nadia,” Jalen said, and the young girl’s eyes opened wide. She seemed on the verge of fainting at being addressed directly—and by her given name, no less.
“A… a pleasure, your highness,” Nadia mumbled, before retreating so fast Sadie thought she would trip and fall before she reached the anteroom.
As the door closed behind Nadia, Sadie turned her attention to the food on the table. Now that it was actually in front of her, she realized how hungry she was. She really needed to take her own advice.
“Let’s eat before we both fall asleep in our seats,” Jalen joked and grabbed sliced fruit off the tray. He popped the bite into his mouth and grabbed another one. He pulled her back against his chest and offered it to her. After her initial surprise wore off, she let him feed it to her. 
“Stay with me tonight?”
“I will,” Sadie confirmed and snuggled closer.

***

How in the blistering suns does Jalen manage to get rid of his attendants?
Sadie huffed in irritation. “Dima, Janan, really, I don’t need your help.”
“But, Miss Sadie, it is our responsibility to assist you in your daily tasks,” Dima said.
Sadie looked into the young woman’s eager eyes and expected her complaint would fall on deaf ears, but she had to try one last time. “Really, I’d much rather bathe by myself. I’ve managed for several years without anyone helping me.”
“Oh, no, miss,” Janan replied at once. “It is our sworn duty to wait on your every need.”
“And what if I need solitude?”
Both handmaidens looked shocked and horrified at her suggestion, and they shook their heads in unison.
Sadie sighed. “Fine. You can assist me from the corner of the bathing room. I know where to find the bar of soap myself, and I don’t need you to point it out to me.” She knew she shouldn’t snip at the two young women, but their constant simpering was aggravating her.
Her handmaidens had been assigned the first morning after Jalen’s recovery. Only moments after Kadar escorted her to her new suite in the main palace, they’d knocked on her door. Between their girlish giggles, Sadie finally understood that they were to be her new companions until her wedding to Jalen. Afterward, she would be free to choose—or not—other handmaidens. This and other lessons on proper palace etiquette and protocol had been hammered into her head by a sour-looking royal minister, appointed for the occasion by the king. After nine days of that regime, Sadie felt a little overwhelmed.
Not for the first time, she wondered what Jalen was doing. She didn’t know what his daily duties were, and she missed his presence at her side. A small insecure part of her worried that he’d taken an oholibah to his bed instead of seeking her. Surely, he knew where to find her, even if she had no idea how to get to him.
Sadie grabbed her ivory hair comb from her dresser and was about to stalk out of her bedroom when a knock on her door stopped her. It also snapped her out of her brooding. Before she or her handmaidens reached the door to greet the guest, it was opened from the outside.
The two young women reacted with cries of alarm, but Sadie couldn’t hold back her smile when she recognized the newcomer. “Captain,” she greeted Kadar warmly, glad to see him again.
“Miss Sadie,” he replied.
If it wasn’t for the sparkle in his eye, Sadie would have thought he wasn’t at all happy to see her. 
He looked past her shoulder at the two women hovering behind her. “You are dismissed for the afternoon. Miss Sadie will not need your services until the morning.”
Dima and Janan curtseyed and, with a giggle, left the room. Sadie had to choke back a laugh at Kadar’s expression. The girls batted their eyelashes the whole time it took for them to pass by the rugged-looking captain of Jalen’s guard.
After they left the room, her laughter bubbled out. “I think you have made some admirers.”
“Unfortunately.”
“Can you teach me how to dismiss them as effectively?”
“You have to know in your heart that your word is law. Only then will all obey your wishes.”
“That seems... unattainable,” Sadie sighed. How could she ever hope to do this. These people had had a lifetime to learn how to act in the palace.
“You will learn,” Kadar assured her.
She was dubious, but was willing to give it some time. Now that she had Kadar in front of her, she had more important matters to attend to in any case. “Kadar, I’ve heard nothing for days. How is Jalen?”
“He is still tired, but well. He sends you this.” He handed her a folded parchment with Jalen’s personal seal pressed into the wax.
“What does it say?”
“It’s guidance, Miss Sadie,” Kadar told her, and turned to leave.
Already? “Wait! Don’t go.”
“I have business to attend to. And so do you.” He waved his hand in the direction of the letter in her hand.
“Can’t you stay for a moment?”
He shook his head. “I’ll see you again soon,” he told her and then left her room. The door barely made a sound as it clicked shut behind him.
Sadie looked to the letter in her hand. He heartbeat accelerated and her fingers shook as she broke the seal and opened the document.
Inside was a hand-drawn map. And at the end of a winding hidden passageway were four words written inside a rectangle—clearly representing a room with an adjacent walled garden. 
It simply said, “Come to me tonight.”

***

Jalen sat at his desk with his chin in his hand, rereading the letter he was crafting to Princess Ahnanti’s family. It was his third attempt, and he was no closer to finding a diplomatic way to inform them that his prior engagement to their daughter was off. The words just would not flow correctly.
He crumpled the letter and tossed it over his shoulder where, he presumed, it landed next to his other two unsuccessful drafts. He heaved a sigh and grabbed another blank parchment sheet. He wondered if throwing his inkwell across the room might improve his mood, but he doubted it.
He knew what would improve his mood. Unfortunately he could not simply walk down the halls and enter Sadie’s suite unannounced. Oh, he could use the hidden pathways, but his presence would be missed at this time of day. He was once again surrounded by a full staff: attendants, servants, and guards. He missed the peace and quiet already, but saw no easy way to dismiss them all. More than anything, however, he missed Sadie—her laugh, her conversation and her luscious body under his.
He looked at the blank page with displeasure. It had been nine days since the last time he had made love to her, and her absence weighed on his mind. They had not been apart more than a few hours at a time during the last few weeks, and he now cursed the official functions that had kept him away from her for so long. But he was almost done with his required tasks. Unfortunately, now that her status was that of his betrothed, he couldn’t call her to his room any more than he could go to hers. It simply wasn’t done. 
That was why he had sent her the map.
Actually, it had been Kadar’s idea, but Jalen felt it had merit, and so he had taken an hour from his duties to draw the map and then seal it with his crest. No one had the authority to open the document except the king and the addressee. Kadar had delivered it personally. Now he just needed to be patient.
Jalen looked out the window of his office. Dusk was falling. He had time enough to finish this distasteful task before retiring to his room to await her arrival.
He bent his head over the blank page and began writing again.

***

The stars’ brightness gave Jalen something to stare at while he waited for Sadie to arrive. He’d dismissed all of his personal attendants, and Kadar had managed the impossible. Only his most loyal guards were on duty in the anteroom. He couldn’t do anything about the servants that kept the wing functioning, but none of them had direct access to his person, so Jalen ignored their presence. He anticipated needing privacy tonight—as much as he could command, at least. 
His mind conjured up several memories of passion filled nights, and he felt his cock twitch in arousal. It took all of his self control to not pace. 
“Did you deliver the map?” Jalen asked again, and turned toward Kadar, who stood by the door to his room. 
“You know I did,” Kadar replied. “Asking me the same question every ten minutes isn’t going to make the time go any faster.”
Jalen growled at him.
When Kadar quirked an eyebrow up in response, Jalen broke into laughter. 
“You are right, my friend. But waiting has never been my strong suit.”
“No, it hasn’t,” Kadar replied. “But I think your distraction is waiting on the other side of the door.”
“I heard it too. The scratch—as if someone was hesitating. Why don’t you make yourself scarce?”
Kadar saluted and backed out of the room, just as the hidden passageway door opened to reveal his own personal firebrand.

***

Sadie’s heart pounded in her chest, and she gripped the door handle for support. She couldn’t believe how nervous she felt at the idea of seeing Jalen again. He had sent her the map after all. He must have wanted to see her. So, why were her feet glued in place and her skin clammy?
She fidgeted nervously with the black piece of linen cloth in her hand. She shouldn’t have brought it with her, she thought. She didn’t even know how to ask whether or not he would still like to use it. Maybe now that the curse was under control, he wouldn’t like that type of bed play anymore. Maybe he’d changed. Maybe he was no longer the dominant and intense lover she’d come to know. 
Sadie almost threw the blindfold away and returned to her room. But as she was about to leave, she heard Jalen’s rich laugh coming from the other side of the hidden passageway door. Her heart melted, and a smile tugged at her lips. He had laughed so little from the moment she came to live in the palace. It was good to hear him laugh now.
A voice answered Jalen—she recognized Kadar’s somewhat gravelly tone, although the words were indistinct. If Kadar were in the room, then Jalen knew she had received the map. He must be expecting her. There was no avoiding it now.
Taking a deep breath to steel herself, she unlatched the door and cracked it open. On the other side, she saw Jalen’s room aglow with the flickering light of the wall sconces. Her prince stood at the center of it, his dark eyes trained on the door. When he saw her peeking out, he smiled and beckoned her in.
“You came,” he said, sounding genuinely glad to see her.
Sadie took a good look at him. His expression still looked drawn, and shadows pooled under his eyes. But his gaze was clear, and the physical manifestation of the curse stood quiescent under his skin.
“You look tired,” she finally remarked, stepping inside the room.
“And you are uncharacteristically nervous,” he replied. “Come here, little firebrand”
With her heart beating like a drum, Sadie closed the gap between them. She reached up to touch his cheek, sending the smallest tendril of magic through her fingers to inspect the curse. As expected, it was dormant, but it wouldn’t last forever. At some point, it would start growing again. 
Jalen watched her. When their eyes met, he cocked an eyebrow. “Are you satisfied with your inspection?”
Sadie blushed at the hint of teasing in his voice, but didn’t back down. “Have you had any rage episodes?”
“None since I woke up after your ritual.” He cupped her cheek. “You have given me back my life, and for that I will be eternally grateful.”
“But it’s only temporary,” she whispered. “The curse isn’t gone, and it will grow back at some point. And the worst part is, I don’t know when.”
“We will find a solution. I haven’t lost hope. Kadar is searching for your lost library as we speak, and there is nothing he can’t find once he puts his mind to it.” He tipped her chin up and looked her in the eyes. “In the meantime, I will deal with it. Do not worry about me.”
Sadie nodded, unable to add anything, and after a moment Jalen frowned. “You are thinking very hard about something, little firebrand. And it is not the curse. What is bothering you?”
She bit her lower lip and tried to look away. But Jalen wouldn’t let her. He kept her chin between in his fingers, forcing her to keep her eyes on him. “Talk to me, Sadie.”
Her insecurities all seemed so very childish now that she was here. She let out an aggrieved sigh. “Did you not think I would be worried? Why didn’t you contact me sooner? Did you—” She couldn’t finish her sentence. What if he had replaced her with another? She wasn’t sure if she wanted him to confirm that detail or not.
His eyebrows shot up. “I only returned to the palace yesterday. It seems Queen Devi and her people started circulating rumors about my early demise. I spent the week touring the city and the nearby military forts to quash those rumors. I gather no one informed you of my whereabouts.”
He had left the palace? This came as a complete surprise to her. 
“No. No one informed me. My only contact has been with my handmaidens and the tutor your father sent to teach me palace protocol and whatever else he thinks I need to know before becoming your fiancee. Even Kadar didn’t come to see me until today.” She hadn’t meant to whine.
Jalen’s lips thinned. “He was at my side, little firebrand. I did not mean to leave you feeling isolated, and for that I apologize. I will talk with my father. You will be kept informed in the future.”
He leaned in and captured her lips, pulling her into a tight embrace as he thoroughly tasted her. He growled deep in his throat and ran his hands down her back. “I missed your body against mine.”
“You did?”
“What? Did you think I could replace you?” he chided gently. “No one else compares to you. You are made for me, little firebrand.” 
“Then you didn’t find someone else for your bed?”
His laugh reverberated through her, making her shiver with need. He kissed her again, until her brain emptied of any thought but the feel of him. This seemed to be what Jalen wanted, as he stopped only when her knees threatened to give out under her. “Do you really think that little of me? That I would cast you aside so callously?” 
Sadie flushed. “I didn’t know. It seemed like you’d forgotten I existed. And after that one time, I wondered…”
“Never again,” he replied simply. To emphasize his point, he wrapped one arm around her lower back and pressed her against his hips. His erection, straining against the fabric of his linen pants, prodded her lower stomach. “See how much I missed you.”
“I missed you too,” she responded, and rested her cheek on his chest. She wrapped her arms around his waist.
Jalen reached behind him and brought her left hand back to the front. “What is it you are holding?”
Holding? Sadie looked down and was almost surprised to find she still gripped the blindfold in her fingers. She felt heat infuse her cheeks as she blushed to the tips of her ears.
“I wondered… I wanted…” she stammered, unable to verbalize the desire that had pushed her to bring it with her.
Jalen uncoiled her fingers from the cloth and took it from her. He leaned toward her ear and whispered, “Do you want me to use it?” His soft breath tickled the small hairs behind her ear. She licked her lips nervously.
“I think you do,” Jalen continued to whisper in her ear. “Turn around.”
Sadie froze at his command, her heart jumped into her throat in sudden nervousness. Jalen’s expression turned stony when she didn’t immediately comply, and he gave her a warning look. She gulped, her heart pounding in a mix of alarm and excitement. Licking her lower lip, she finally turned.
His fingers brushed the hair from her forehead. “Good girl,” he crooned as he secured the blindfold over her eyes. 
He stepped away from her, and she strained to follow the sound of his footsteps, but he walked too softly. “Jalen?”
His hand touched the her nape, and he pressed his cheek against hers as he said, “Hush, my desert rose. My firebrand. My Sadie. You will love every minute of the exquisite torture I have planned for you.” 
Sadie shivered at the sweet threat, and her heartbeat increased. 
“Now, tell me, why did you hesitate to come to me?”
The tension drained from her shoulders, and she said simply, “I was afraid.”
“You know I love you, so I know it wasn’t me that you feared.”
“I never expected to… crave the way you can make me feel. Out of control, yet powerful. I was afraid that now that the curse is dormant…”
“Did you expect a drastic change from me?”
“I thought… I don’t know what I thought, only that you may not enjoy that type of activity, now that you are better.”
Jalen stepped away from her and circled behind her. His hand played with the long braid at her back. She knew it wouldn’t be long before he tugged the tie loose and ran his fingers through her tresses. He loved her hair cascading down to her buttocks. Her breathing hitched.
“I once made the promise to tie you to my bed. I am not proud of my actions the one time I followed through with that promise,” he said to her. She felt a tug at the ribbon holding her hair in place. Within seconds, his fingers had combed her hair loose. “Are you willing to let me make it up to you?”
The words shot arousal through her core, and she unconsciously pressed her thighs together as moisture started pooling between her legs.
“Yes,” she whispered.
He brushed her hair away from her neck and kissed her shoulder. Then, trailing tiny kisses along her throat and jaw, he reached her ear.
“Good,” he murmured. 
He plucked at her sleeve. “I never much cared for the more extravagant attire the royalty must wear, and I see they have already fitted you with a full wardrobe. In the future, please come to me in the garments I commissioned for you.” He nipped at her earlobe, a tiny pain that transformed into pleasure. “They are easier to get you out of, and cost less to cut off.”
She shivered at the thought of a cool blade against her skin and the sound of tearing cloth. The controlled violence of the image sent erotic waves of pleasure down her spine.
His warm mouth left her ear and his fingers wove themselves into her hair. He gave it a tug, pulling her head back and to the side, to rest against his chest.
Jalen’s other hand brushed the exposed skin of her cleavage. His thumb teased the fabric over her nipple, and the friction of raw silk against her sensitive skin caused it to pucker and harden in seconds.
Slowly his hand drifted lower until he could rub her sex, using her skirts to heighten her pleasure. His lips teased and nibbled at her neck while he played. Sadie gasped, and then moaned, going boneless against him.
Jalen released her hair, and his fingers trailed down the ties on the back of her dress. When he reached her waist she felt his hand still. “A dry hell, Sadie. Where does this ribbon start?” he groused, his tone exasperated.
Sadie felt a giggle threaten to spill from her lips. “The tie clasp is tucked into the back of the waistband.”
She felt him tug at her skirt. “I am rethinking my first impulse to save the royal treasury an expense.”
She couldn’t hold back her laughter any longer. At that moment, Jalen sounded more frustrated than aroused. “You could leave the dress on,” she pointed out.
“Eager, are we?”
“I think Dima and Janan would be horrified to find it destroyed. They liked this one in particular.” 
Jalen growled into her ear. “We wouldn’t want them disappointed, now would we.”
She had to bite her lip to keep from giggling again. “No, my prince, we wouldn’t.”
“You say that with such sensuality. Such sincerity. I like it almost as much as when you say my name, but not as much as when you scream it.” He kissed his way to the skin at the juncture of her neck where he bit her, the pressure both pain and pleasure.
“I will say one thing about this frustrating dress. It does put your breasts nicely on display.” Jalen teased her erect nipple through the corset. 
“Ah, there it is.” She felt the constricting garment loosen as Jalen made quick work of the laces. As the ties relaxed, he slipped his free hand between the fabric and her skin. His touch was warm and gentle. Sadie sucked in her breath. She hoped—no, wanted—Jalen to be rougher, pinch her flesh. The pain, she knew, would be followed by molten pleasure.
Her corset dropped away as the last lace at her back came free. He pushed her garments down and slowly kissed a trail along her spine, following them to the floor. Goosebumps chased after his mouth.
When he stepped away, she nearly cried out at the loss of sensation. She turned her head right, then left, listening for him. She couldn’t tell where he had gone, and jumped when his warm fingers clasped her wrists and brought them together in front of her.
“Just another strip of fabric to bind your hands,” he told her. He wound the fabric between them and secured it with a knot. She pulled on the binding, but he had secured it well, and she was unable to break free. Her breathing accelerated as anticipation and fear mixed with her arousal.
Jalen trailed his fingers down her sides. Need shot through her when his warm tongue flicked across one nipple before his mouth closed around it, and she moaned. Her desire to end the games and have him inside her nearly crushed the last of her control, and her hips jerked forward.
Jalen chuckled. His breath tickled her skin, and her nipples hardened further. “Open up your legs for me, little firebrand,” he ordered.
Gulping, she widened her stance. 
“Good. Now, don’t move.” 
He slid a finger along her folds, opening them to his touch. She could feel herself, swollen and slick with desire, and knew he felt it too. Felt how much she wanted him. She struggled to stay still, in spite of her growing need to get closer to him, his mouth, his touch.
Sadie began to pant as Jalen thrust two fingers inside her, filling her. He kept a steady rhythm as he licked a path between her breasts and down to her navel. Her legs trembled with the effort not to move. He swirled his tongue around her sensitive flesh before dipping lower. Her bound hands wrapped in his hair as he teased the juncture of her thighs with his tongue.
Her ragged breathing was the only sound in the room. It sounded deafening to her own ears. 
Sadie started shaking. She felt on the edge already, every flick of his tongue bringing her closer to release. Her fingers tightened in his hair when he reached the center of her need, and she swallowed a scream. Her clitoris was engorged and so sensitive that a single touch brought her to that shimmering moment before orgasm.
Just as her world was about to shatter, Jalen stopped, took his fingers and his mouth away. Sadie groaned in protest.
“Do you want me to continue?”
Sadie licked her lips, trying to find her voice. “Yes,” she finally breathed in answer.
Jalen gently removed her hands from his hair and instead put her bound wrists around his neck. In one move, he lifted her up as if she weighed no more than a doll. He carried her to the other side of the room and set her down on his bed. One hand on her chest to get her to lie back, he guided her hands above her head. Within a few seconds, he had secured her hands to a hook hidden on the bed frame. She remembered it from the last time he’d tied her to his bed.  
“I’d prefer not to be bald for my wedding,” he said, his voice amused.
Sadie’s breath came out in a puff. Before she formed a response, however, he’d pulled her foot to the edge of the bed and secured it to the corner using what felt like a leather cuff. She grew even wetter, and groaned.
Jalen tied her other foot, opening her legs—and her sex—to his view. 
His hands touched her waist and glided along her hips and down her thighs. “You are beautiful,” he murmured. She blushed at the compliment.
His thumb brushed against the side of her clitoris, and she felt him slide his index finger along her folds. A shiver ran up her spine. When he reached her bud, Sadie nearly jumped off the bed at the sudden rush of ecstasy. She was hovering on the edge of bliss. But Jalen never let her tumble over the ledge. He kept her high on the plateau of release, his fingers alternating between dipping into her body and swirling around her clitoris. Every time she thought she would tumble over, he stopped.
She couldn’t take much more. “Please,” she moaned.
“Please what, my little firebrand?” Jalen asked innocently.
“Please, let me come.” 
“Maybe I should make you beg a little longer,” he mused, stilling his hand.
She keened helplessly, shaking her head from side to side. She pulled on her restraints, but nothing gave. He had complete control, and that realisation brought her arousal to a painful edge. “No, no, no!”  
“What did you say?”
“Jalen, I beg you!”
He laughed then, a husky sound that reverberated all the way to her core. “I so love when you beg me this way, my little firebrand.” He leaned in close to her ear to whisper, “Then, come for me.”
He thrust his fingers inside and at the same time pinched her already oversensitive clitoris with his other hand. As if on command, the tension that had been coiling inside her crashed across her senses in one great wave of pleasure. 
Sadie screamed, thrashing against her bonds. Jalen pressed a hand to her lower stomach and held her in place as he kept pumping his fingers inside, milking every last bit out of her climax.
Only when her muscles completely stopped spasming did he slowly slide his fingers out. Sadie panted, drenched in sweat, her legs still quivering from the aftershocks of her orgasm.
“Hmm,” Jalen purred, feathering kisses along her breasts, then her stomach. “I also like hearing you scream. I think I might want to hear you again.”
“What—” 
When he pressed a thumb to her clitoris, the rest of her question came out in a whoosh of air. Sadie had no idea how she could still feel such pleasure, after having given him everything she had, but as soon as he touched her, he rekindled the fire deep inside.
Then he kissed down her stomach to her mound, and her breath hitched in her throat. When he licked along her folds, a sigh escaped her lips.
“That’s it,” he said against her sex. “You are so very wet for me, my Sadie.” He flicked her bud with his tongue before he spoke again. “I am eager to feel you clench and shudder in release around my cock.”
A jolt of pleasure zipped along her belly straight to her sex, and she moaned. 
He swirled his tongue around her engorged flesh, and her body jerked in response. She was already on the verge of a second orgasm and shivered uncontrollably, her entire being focused only on the point of contact between them.
He stopped to speak. “Do you want me to take you from behind? Or would you rather I slide into your slick folds in this position, while you are bound and open to me?”
Each one of Jalen’s words served to send Sadie higher, until she thought she would break into a thousand pieces. She licked her lips and opened her mouth to answer, but Jalen stole her breath with another expert flick of his tongue. Words escaped her, and she groaned. 
“Or I could do both,” he told her. “We have all night after all.”
“Yes. Need. You,” she finally stammered, straining to bring her sex closer to his mouth.
Jalen went to suckle on her clitoris while he slipped two fingers inside her. Then, he started slowly rubbing a spot on the wall of her sex with each of his thrusts, and that sensation combined with his mouth made her unravel. It felt as if he were stimulating her clitoris from the outside and the inside at the same time.
She stiffened and cried out as pleasure grew unbearable, her pelvis lifting from the bed in a desperate attempt to escape the sweet torture—unless it was to get even closer.
“That’s it. Almost there,” he murmured against her sex. “Sing for me, my firebrand.”
He rasped his tongue over the bud of her clitoris while thrusting a third finger inside her swollen and sensitive core. Colors exploded behind her eyelids and the rest of the world faded away, swept up in a surge of pleasure strong enough to leave her on the verge of unconsciousness. Her hoarse scream echoed in her ears long after she had stopped shaking.
Jalen slowly slid his fingers out. His tongue lapped at her juice as his hands massaged her inner thighs, gently bringing her back down to reality. Then, she felt him draw away, and worry took the place of contentment.
“Jalen?” she called out, trying to keep her uncertainty out of her voice.
When he spoke next, his voice came from next to the bed. “I will be absent only a moment, love.”
She then heard the rustle of clothing being discarded and dropped to the floor. 
The mattress depressed again and his weight settled on her. He captured her lips for one long, drugging kiss, dancing with her tongue until she was dizzy with his taste. 
“Soon, there will be no need to hide and sneak around anymore. And I can have you displayed on my bed every single night—for our pleasure.” He punctuated his words by rubbing the tip of his cock against her entrance, pushing it in just enough to make her strain and moan for more. “You will give me one more climax, won’t you, my love?”
All Sadie could do was nod. His voice and his touch were like a wildfire spreading through her veins, bringing dizzying pleasure with it. She didn’t think she had anything left to give, but she soon realized this couldn’t be farther from the truth. She could feel another orgasm already building inside her, despite the fact he had brought her to climax twice already. 
Jalen grabbed her hips and thrust all the way inside her, until his testicles slapped against her flesh. The sudden intrusion, the sensation of being completely filled by him almost to the point of bursting, sent her arousal spiraling upward. Her cry drowned his groan of triumph. 
“Mine,” he ground out, drawing back until he almost pulled free, then thrusting all the way inside again.
Her answering moan seemed to fray his control, as she felt him starting to shake slightly. His rhythm however, stayed constant: long steady strokes that brought her to the very edge of shattering. 
When she struggled against her restraints again, she felt the tie holding her wrists over her head loosen. Next, her blindfold fell away and she saw Jalen smiling down at her as he let it fall to his side. “Put your arms around me,” Jalen murmured, his breath feathering across her lips. “I want to see your beautiful eyes when you come this time.”
As she complied, he went to kiss her again, and Sadie ran her fingers along his spine. Her hands came to rest on his backside where she then helped guide his thrusts, pushing him farther into her body with each rocking motion.
The delicious friction built, and she could feel her sex pulse with a frantic need. The answering shudders from Jalen’s body collided with hers until each sensation cascaded in upon themselves drawing her closer to release. With one more roll of her hips, she ground her pelvis against his, and the light once again danced behind her eyes.
She was only dimly aware that she held Jalen still as her orgasm overtook her, and that in the final moments of her release, he was growling his.
As the last shudders faded from their bodies, he collapsed against her, breathing hard into the mattress. Sadie felt limp and unable to move, yet she languidly trailed her fingers along Jalen’s back, feeling the slightly raised ridges of skin marking his tattoo of the Zammar sun.
Once his breathing calmed, he gently pulled out of her body, and she whimpered at the loss. He kissed her lovingly and went to free her legs from their bonds, before coming back to lie beside her, wrapping her in his arms.
“Rest, love. We have plenty of time before dawn comes and we have to separate for the day,” Jalen told her. “Will you come to me again tomorrow?”
Sadie smiled and nodded. There was nowhere else she would rather be.


Subscribe to the mailing list to get all the latest news about my new releases.
 
Acknowledgements

We would like to thank two special Sarahs, Cindy, Jen, Alex, Ameera, and Whitney for all their assistance on this book. We couldn’t have done it without you.

A special thank you to our line editor Sarah E. You advised us on exotic clothes, world building, and wrestling commas and grammar to submission, and you helped us make this the best book we could produce. 

Thank you Clarissa for being such a fast cover designer. http://www.bookcoversale.com

If you liked The Prince of Zammar, please leave a review!

Contact Us

If you liked The Prince of Zammar, please leave a review!

Thank you and we’d love to hear from you.
Mailing List: eepurl.com/AuNWj 
Website: www.samantha-nolan.com
Facebook:www.facebook.com/pages/Samantha-Nolan/657358950946734?ref=hl 
Twitter: NolanSamantha13
Email: mailto:samantha.nolan2013@gmail.com



Also available by Samantha Nolan:

eBooks
Prince of Zammar 1: Into the Fire
Prince of Zammar 2: Slow Burn
Prince of Zammar 3: Smoldering
Prince of Zammar 4: Rising Heat
Prince of Zammar 5: Up in Flames
Prince of Zammar 6: From the Ashes

Available from C. Nault and M. Findley
Shadow War Series
Innocence (Shadow War, book 1)
Betrayal (Shadow War, book 2) Coming soon

About the Authors

Mana and Catherine write under the pseudonym of Samantha Nolan and are the coauthors of the erotic romance serial The Prince of Zammar. 

Mana lives in the US and keeps herself busy with family and friends, all of whom have been supportive while making this dream come true.

Catherine lives in the middle of nowhere, Quebec, and builds muscles shoveling snow six months out of the year.
