

The Arms of the Watcher


Ben Miller

Cover Art by Matt Miller 2011

Published by Smashwords

March 24, 2011




The Arms of the Watcher
Ben Miller
Copyright Ben Miller
© TXu-747-487   2011
Published by Catfish Creek Publishing at Smashwords

ISBN: 978-1-4660-2801-2
Title: The Arms of the Watcher
Author: Ben Miller
Publisher: Smashwords, Inc.


Dedication:

I would like to thank my son, Matthew Alan for helping me create the board game that I call Bones. Matthew also created the cover art for all of my books so far and we are going to continue this relationship. What a gift it is to have someone to work with. My daughters Audrey and Amanda helped me greatly with years of encouragement and editing. My darling, Cindy showed me what love was like so I could write about it. The future belongs to ma wee bairns, Jacob and Nicole. 


Smashwords License Statement

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Disclaimer:

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are used fictitiously. Where and when this story takes place is unknown to me. The desert is timeless.




THE WATCHER
Table of Contents

Chapter 1; Old Man of the Desert
Chapter 2; The Watch Man
Chapter 3; Dinner and A Bride Price
Chapter 4; A Game of Bones
Chapter 5; The Gathering of the People
Chapter 6; The Return
Chapter 7; The First Morning
Chapter 8; Jin
Chapter 9; A Visit to the Widows
Chapter 10; The First Evening
Chapter 11; A Childhood with Han
Chapter 12; The Blood Quest
Chapter 13 Two Crazy Years
Chapter 14;  A Lack of Resolve
Chapter 15; The Robbers
Chapter 16; Jin’s Plan
Chapter 17; Mav’s Plan Unfolds
Chapter 18; Day 3- Decision Day
Chapter 19; Shivaree
Chapter 20; Two Blessings
Chapter 21; The Robbers Return
Chapter 22; Judgment of the Watcher
Chapter 23; The New Watch Man
Chapter 24; Epilogue



Characters:
.
Lar, the Watchman
Til, the current Watchman’s father
.
Kal , the tear master, chief of the people
Zet, Kal’s first mate
Mav, Kal’s current mate

Han, Lar’s first mate, Kal and Zet’s first daughter

Jin, “desert flower”, Lar’s second wife, youngest daughter of chief
.
Tas, the Shiree, the wedding broker
.
Kiv, Beast master, hunter, blood brother, best friend
.
Loi, the Shiree, the marriage broker
.
Red Jud, the robber’s chief and father

Brown Jud, a robber, of the Tall Ones from Narrow River

Red Hul,  Jud's brother



Chapter 1; Old Man of the Desert

The old man on the camel jerked sleepily in his divan. The cradle strapped to the side of his camel allowed him to stretch out lazily during the long night’s haul. Night is the only time to travel in the desert. The road they were on was made of sand packed so hard that it was easy for the well traveled camels to follow. They had all learned to avoid soft sand. Thus their travels were self adjusted during the times when only starlight lit their path.
Bel Al, also one of the few Star Masters in this vast ocean of sand, looked at the star patterns he had been using since childhood to guide his caravans and his father’s before him. He smiled to himself as he thought of his son in the divan balanced carefully on the other side of this camel. After seven daughters, The Great Master had finally given him the treasure of a son. This would be the first time for Til to steer by his star charts. Bel Al patted the side of Griffar, his most trusted camel so that he would not be startled when he spoke, “Til… my son, are you awake?”
Til Al jumped a bit at the sound of his father’s voice. “Of course… I was working while you slept, Father…” He had been busy with his charts and a chalk board, constantly guiding their path. Some times throughout the night, if he had seen by the pale star light that sand had drifted over the hard packed trail, he had run ahead over the drifts to find the hard pack of the true trail. Whistling back to Griffar, the trusting animal had followed Til’s commands. The wise old camel followed the sound of his voice up over the soft sand and back to the hard packed trail. All the other animals in the caravan had been trained to follow Giffar. Thus, the caravan had made its through the dark nights.
He laughed to himself. “Father… Why do you ask?” In the growing light of dawn, he once again checked to see the fading stars of the Polonius shape crossing the Ox Hump mountains in the far distance.
“This should be the morning for us to see the old man, my son…”
“Aiya, my Father, I am so excited, “ the young man leaped nimbly, as only a newly bearded man raised on camel back can do. He looked about him self in the growing light. He breathed deeply of the cool air. He matched his speed to the stride of his beast and arranged his books in their carrying cases. He lifted the outer edge of the divan that had been his office for most of the night and deftly tied it in place.
Rubbing his face with the cool wet cloth of the bug net that had been covering him while he rode through the long night, Til Al ran around the rear of the camel to his father’s side. He kissed the old man’s bearded cheek, “The sun comes… Soon, there will be no more star reading.”
As naturally as two old friends, the boy leaned against his father as he walked beside him. They looked at the reddening sky, “Right you are, my son. Dawn is the most beautiful part of a desert day for me,” Mumbled Bel Al.
For these weary night travelers, the subtle changes in the sky mark the first sign of the end of this long night’s toils. All around them, they notice that even the sand seems to ready itself for the beginning of the change. Through the long night, the sand had given up its stored heat to the wind and the sky.
For the experienced desert dweller, this was the beautiful moment. For this brief period, though, the air is cool on the skin and the sand is cool to the feet. Experiencing the world at this time of day is a desert joy. Layers of caftan material are removed. Usually covered hair is shaken free to air out before the atmosphere becomes too hot to be enjoyed. All of the various conveyances are folded up and stored until sun down. The warm clothes are not needed in the blazing heat of day are stored until they would be called for by night time’s cold.
Alerted by these shifts of light in the dying night sky, Bel Al  sits up to see around the rocking of his desert beast. He now begins to search for his day light bearings. Then, off in the edge of dawn, he sees what he has been looking for the past three mornings. Triumphant, he gives a ululating cry of joy. Til Al grabs the harness of the startled camel and joins him in song.
People come bolting out of their sleeping divans, running toward the Beast Master’s animals at the head of the line. They ran over the top of the dune and packed around Bel Al as Til Al brings Griffar to a stop just over the top of that dune. The tired line of animals standing behind the lead camel are only too happy to wait here while the silly humans sang.
Bel Al laughs, “Peace…A Salaam…Peace, my brethren… I am singing my happiness to see our next rest stop on the horizon.”
He pointed to the Western horizon toward the shape that this traveler has been hoping to see each of the last threes  mornings. “There…m’ afi…Do you not see His round head?”
Through out this trip, these people had been regaled with Bel Al’s stories at their morning fires as they had come across the hundreds of cistares from Wadi Al Hambra, the City at the Edge of the Great Sea. To encourage their troubled days in the deepest desert, he told tales of a great mound of rock that would rise imperiously out of the desert horizon before them. Talking excitedly among them selves, they all stare and point toward the black rounded shape of a rock to make sure it is the one they seek.
With joy, he decides that he is looking at his goal. He jumps from his divan, startling Griffar again. Til Al, (also a Beast Master in training), begins cooing and whispering to the camel. Soon the beast was calmer, standing, blowing huge clouds of steam into the cool morning air.
Bel Al  raised “My friends, we are approaching a natural phenomenon the likes of which few have ever seen. This out cropping of rock is known as The Old Man of the Desert.
He smacked the flank of his camel, “Come, let us draw closer.”
Behind him, the animals moved when Griffar moved. Soon, a long snake of beasts and wagons was over the last dune heading into the rising sun. The lighter the day became, the more of the rock shape was visible. Topping a high dune, and tumbling down the far side, they came to place where the old man was nearly completely visible. The near edge of his face was still in back lit shadows.
Just as he remembered it, Bel Al marveled at the sight. The rock mountain is tall and rounded. As he does each time he first sees it, he laughs at how the bushes on its height looked like wild hair. On the sides are bits of rock that look like ears. Excited, he urges his beast and all that follow toward that rock. All of his calculations and star plots had told him that they would make it this morning, but, he was still relieved to top the last rise and know that this portion of the trek is over.
Like all of the desert guides, he was glad to see the little water fall was still trickling down the face. That was his evidence of a pool of water at the base of this little mountain. Griffar smelled the water before he saw it. He began to tug harder against his tethers. The strong animal whipped the cart forward. The four wide steel bound tires Churned in the sand. Til Al’s mother and sisters squealed and tumbled from the back of the cart. Complaining, they joined the crowd growing around Bel Al. Griffar continued pulling as he had over the days of this hot trek. Seeing the head forming out of the morning mists, Fre Ya’ shushed her daughters, “Help your brother calm the animals, ma treasures. In a moment, you will see why we traveled longer last night.”
Like her husband and son, she knew the real reason that all caravans found their way to this way station is not this mystic rock, but the water. From all points in the compass, tracks had been beaten hard over the years leading to this place of shade and feed and water. After many years, the track had been beaten so hard that even scrub grasses couldn’t grow across it. Sand occasionally blew across it, but did not stay. To the practiced eye, these trails are well marked. Griffar has been lead animal long enough to know the trails by the touch of his hoof.
All of the caravan masters knew that the only way to survive a crossing of the Great Desert was to move only at night. Bel Al was as seasoned of a traveler as any one alive. His caravans always followed that pattern. From years of experience, he knew that he was in the hottest, driest stretch of the Great Desert. During the raging heat of day light, they must be carefully hidden in their clever tents buried in the cool, deep sands or be baked alive.
Unlike the previous days when he would have called a halt much earlier, Bel-Al had pushed his tired people and beasts through this last night. Usually, well before dawn, he would have his caravaneers circled up in a deep sandy crevice. The women would be cooking and the men would be burrowing into the cool sand and making low tents to sleep the day away. “Tonight, it will be different!” He shouted to his tired crew. “Today, we will sleep in the shade of the Old Man of the Desert and cool our feet in His deep, cold pools. As you can see, we are now only a few steps away from the safety of His arms”
People began to surge forward, “Come on!” They urged each other.
Bel Al spread his arms to stop them. Til held Griffar’s leash tightly, Please wait!”
“For what?” many voices murmured.
“We must have the Old Man’s blessing.” Mutterings abounded, but Bel Al just pointed, “Just wait here, my friends…just watch.”
Bel-Al was not born of the Watcher’s people. His traveling desert bedou culture does not worship this rock. These days, because a life time of experience and marriage to one of the People, he has come to believe that something is special about this oasis. He waits now in pleasant anticipation. Fre Ya’ moved up beside him and joined him as they, ignoring the babble around them, intone the morning prayer, “The Old Man’s blessing is given to desert. It may be shared by the just and the unjust.” Til Al and his sisters joined in with their parents, “Only He knows the hearts of His visitors. See us, Judge us worthy of Your blessing.”
Humbled by the simple piety of the Master and his family, the crowd grew silent and looked longingly at their destination. Bel Al knew they would be happy that they had waited. Any one who stands in this place at dawn will get to see the spectacle that awaits those who are patient. Bel Al knew to stop his trek at the top of the last dune, just close enough to see the whole head of the Watcher. As he waited for the dazzlingly beautiful light show, our seasoned caravan leader finds his mind wandering. He leans against Griffar’s side dreaming of the beloved quiet hours of the midday when he will rest his tired feet in the wet sands and pray to the Watcher to thank Him for all his many blessings and for a continued good life.
Quietly leaning against his desert beast now, he laughs to himself as he overhears a father and his son. Bel-Al knows that they are traveling this way for the first time. The boy points and marvels, “Look, Father, the storyteller was right. It is the Old Man of the Desert”
The man nods and pokes his son, “Even from this far off, we see that the rock is shaped like a head.” The boy responds, “Yes, father…I am almost frightened when I think how those scrub pines along the top look so much like a wild hair, blown every which of way by the constant desert winds.”
Bel-Al claps them both on their shoulders, “Be not afraid, precious ones, soon we will be safe in the Old Man’s arms… Wadi al Shal Om…we will rest and fatten our beasts and our driving stock for the last trek across the desert…”
“Oh, father…Wadi al Shal Om…a lovely name for a truly lovely place…” and Bel-Al moved away to urge the tired train onwards with promises of rest and water.




Chapter 2; The Watch Man

Unbeknownst to the most of the travelers, this moment is shared. In that same predawn light, before the dark sky had fully released its hold on the mound of deep desert rock, a shadow moved quietly along its crest. In flits of light and dark, a group of tiny figures glide easily from one rocky perch to another along the edges of the small, rounded plateau. Finally, one shadow separates from the others and moves to the edge. The figure sat in the lee of a rock to remain out of the clear view of the line of ants out in the sandy plains below him.
A little while before, the wiry, red haired man had been awakened by the his goats. Disturbed by their agitation, he stirred from his pile of bedding in a back corner of a cave. Alni, the lead goat was staring out into the darkness from the opening known as the Right eye of the Watcher. Mumbling to him self as all hermits do, he moved to the front edge of the eye hole, careful to stay in the shadows of his cave. He heard, as his goats had, drifting in off the desert, a regular tinkling of bells. He spoke lowly to his goats, “The Watcher is about to have visitors.”
Moving by feel in the darkness of the cave, he moved to his left until he had touched the wall at the base of stairs. Feeling his way along the well worn steps, Lar moved through a series of hidden trails to the ground level pool in another cave. He splashed water on his face and washed his hands and feet to prepare for the day. Turning quickly, moving as easily in the dark as a blind man in a well known place, he followed the carved steps up two level to a large central chamber filled with books and tables and one huge chair. He moved quickly to sit on the throne of the Keeper. Letting his mind go blank, he joined with the Watcher.
Using the Watcher’s vision, he saw that his visitors are led by his uncle, Bel-Al. He took a moment to look closer at the caravan. Seeing only an orderly entry into his domain, he jumped to his feet with a whoop and ran like one of his prized goats up to the crest to wait for his friend.
Had Bel-Al had thought to look up instead of giving in to the distraction of the blessing, as the growing light gathered its strength to ward off the night’s grip, he would have seen that one of the shadows up on top of the little mountain shape was not a goat. Had he cared to look closely enough to notice, he would have seen that one of the jumping shadows moving nimbly across the upper surface was his nephew.
Finally reaching his favorite perch, Lar sits with his legs dangling off the Watcher’s forehead and watches the caravan come. The morning breeze ruffled his blood red hair and blows up a twisting devil of dust twisting across the flat top and off the precipice.
Not every caravan that visited the wadi would be aware that some one even lived in the rock. Unfriendly visitors would be allowed one night’s rest and water. The second night, their live stock would be loosened and spooked or tents would come untethered from the ground falling around its frightened inhabitants. Very few of these superstitious bedou would last a third night of these hauntings. By dawn of the next day, they would be nothing but a dust trail on the horizon pointed what ever direction they were heading next.
Friendly caravans were welcomed and blessed by the Holy Man of Old Man’s Rock. Only the true people knew of his actual status and the calling that he had answered. Most thought him to be a mad but harmless hermit who was offered fruit or nuts or grains to placate his midnight visits. Few of them even saw him, although they all claimed to. Some denied his very existence. Some told stories of long soul filled conversations that changed their life.
He neither knew nor cared about his notoriety. He was mostly comfortable in his quiet home in the desert. Settling himself comfortably to wait for his friend, the man watches as the desert removes its blanket of shade and greets the new day. He smiles a gentle smile. He loves it up at the top of his God, not at all concerned for the height. This rock had been his home since he was born. The fact that it was shaped like a head and the caves within that make up mountain’s facial features were just no longer worthy of thought.
He is called Lar. His tribe is called the People of the Watcher. To his tribe, he is simple known as the Watchman.  He sees what the Watcher sees. He and his father and all of his fathers before them had sat in this chair and written what the Watcher saw. None of his tribe could remember when it had not been thus. His tribe calls the tiny world of a few trees and a small pools set deep in the shade of the Watcher’s head Wadi al Teerah…(the oasis of Tears.)  This oasis was Lar’s world. To the rest of the world, who have no idea about the true relationship of the People and the Watcher, this place is called Wadi al Shal Om. To Lar’s tribe, the water was only a tiny part of their relationship.
Behind him, the first tiniest edge of the sun has finally arrived, changing the gray world of both desert and mountain to gold. Lar reaches into hidden pockets of his robe and pulls a bit of dried meat and flat bread from his robes. He had waited for the world to turn pink around the edges before he felt free to break his fast.  He mumbled a prayer to the Watcher for the blessing of his food and these new strangers.
Out in the desert down below, walking by his father, Bel-Al’s oldest son, Til-Al, throws his arm over the shoulder of his shorter father and kisses him. “A Salaam, my son.”
“A Salaam Father…are we in time for the blessing?”
“Yes, my son.”
“Great!”
“I am proud of Thee. You have guided the beasts well. We are in the perfect spot and the perfect time to view the Old Man’s blessing.”
Blushing with pride, he bowed over his fathers hands. “I had the best teacher, my father…” His father kissed his curly head.
They turned to gether to watch the da unfold. Out in front of them, the sun rose higher. Gradually, it burnished the shiny black stone of the mountain to a flaming red. As the light grew, they began to see the full image of the area around the mountain. On either side of the rounded mount are lower, flat carapaces. In the morning sunlight. These rock walls appear to look like the shoulders of a man, running straight out each direction and then, they curve a bit forward as they drop at a steep angle into the sand, giving the impression of the way arms would look if a man were buried in the desert half way up to his chest.
Looking farther out from the center mound, lower mounds of black rock reappear farther out in a circle more than a thousands meters wide. This circle was big enough for a small town. But no one lived in this oasis. Over the centuries, this land became known as Holy Ground.
Most people called this mountain the Old Man of the Desert. For those who know the truth about the people who own this oasis, they know that the mountain is truly called the Watcher. Both groups call the front acropolises the arms of either the Old Man or of the Watcher. A geologist would merely point out that, over the centuries, this particular rock configuration had provided a disturbance in the wind wind flow patterns causing the wind to swirl and even form dead air blocks in the corners.
Soil blown across the desert had thus collected inside the encircling stone ridges. Over the long years, a fertile blanket of rich soil had formed inside the arms. Seeds, shaken from the furry coats of animals and the folds of clothing of the visitors, had taken root in this well watered and fertile crescent. Now, food was available for weary travelers and their live stock in this space. Caravans looked forward to the fruit trees, palms, and every kind of grasses in abundance.
As the caravan’s people draw nearer, a tiny, shimmering stream can be viewed trickling like tears from the Old Man’s right eye. The thirsty pack animals pulled harder on their traces as they smelled the water that flowed down the rock face into several pools in the shaded areas under the overhanging rocks. Trees and greenery of all sorts grew wildly in this sylvan glade. The total appearance from a certain angle and from a certain distance is of a man holding a filled basket .
An excited hum swept through the caravan, stirring more sleepy riders from their vans and carts. Children are shaken awake by their parents to see this wondrous sight. Snatches of conversation drift across the dunes to Bel-Al.
“Look… the Old Man of the Desert…”
“It’s the one some call a God…”
”the one some call the Watcher…” one says to another.
Moving a little closer, the travelers begin to see how shadows may play their tricks upon a sleepy imagination. A tiny sliver of red sun throws first light to the rocks and features become barely visible. The crags and hollows along the front of the cliff begin to take on another shape. “Look,” the voices say to each other as the sun light grew stronger. People begin to point, “I can see His face…” All heads begin to nod as features become clearly formed across the baking sand on the mountain’s rocky surface.
“Look… its just as the stories say…there are the shoulders… and the basket… just as the legends said… Wadi al Shal Om…the drink of Peace…”
The seasoned travelers all know that one must be nearly right up to the craggy abutment to see that the shadows are formed by caves and the shadowed edges of bushes that give hair like features to the stone that only make it look just like a face. To the people who believe in the Watcher, the face is clearly seen. To the non-believers, it is a trick of light and shadow. They laugh together, then, Bel-Al cries out to all. “Stop…everyone stop!”
The long caravan staggered to a stop at the top of the last dune. It was a place where the full image of the god-mountain was clear against the new born sky. The animals smell the water and strain against their bonds to reach forward. Bel-Al and his son, Til, wander among the animals. Among their tribe, they are Beast Masters. Thery calm their animals with promises of a short pause. Bel Al turns to the people when the animals are quieted, “Wait for it…wait for it…”
The sun continues to climb over the dunes behind them, burning off the blue-white fog hiding in the hollows of the dunes. The shadow angles on the face tipped upward until the eyes were defined and black as coal. Then without warning, the eyes lit from within and a white glow spread out toward them. People screamed and began to run. The first timers were superstitious Bed Ou and city folk. They did not know it was a simple trick of light pouring into a cave in the back of the skull and being reflected off of crystals through out the head and cleverly aimed out the eyes. If a person was at just the right place out front. The eyes appeared to burn like fire.
Up on top of the mountain, hidden from the eyes of the caravan, the red haired man’s world turned to pink flame and then, to yellow fire, then, gold. With practiced patience, he knew when to move. At just the right moment, the man held his food up into the golden light for a blessing. At that same moment, behind and below him, the light from the new born sun shined thought a back cave opening and struck to the jewels in the back of the eye caves and burst the desert into dancing flames. Enjoying the light show in front of him, he began to eat.  For him, this was the most beautiful time of day, not too hot, not too cold. The dew darkened the sand stone surfaces of his perch on top of his world of rock and sand made a cool rub for the bottoms of his calloused feet as the sun warmed the world around him.
Bel-Al, even though he had seen this sight hundreds of times, just at that same moment, was awestruck. Then, jostled by one of the panic stricken travelers, he came to himself.
“Hold!” he bellowed into the morning air. Even the man on the mountain heard this and awoke from his reverie to watch the silly travelers. He was amused, even though he had seen this panic time and time again. He loved to see the Watchers power over the infidel heart.
Bel-Al spread his arms and yelled to the people around him, “do not be afraid of lights in the desert…”
The people began to calm down, milling around in small circles, picking up the belongings that they had dropped in their panic.
He continued, “The lights are a sign that the Watcher calls to us in welcome. We are invited to enter his holy place. Let us remember we are guests as we drink and rest under his protection.”
Quietly, the caravan reformed and headed into the circle of the arms of the Watcher for their rest. The animals rushed forward and began nuzzling the waters all through the enclave. The animal tenders surrounded them and using their long whips, moved the animals over to one side of the circle into cleverly hidden pens under one of the arms of the watcher. There was plenty of feed and water in this area. Bel-Al was glad to see that no one had been there for a while and the grass was high and the water was clear.
Excited from their morning’s discovery, none of the caravaneers thought to look around. If they had, they might have seen a tiny dot of the colored wools of a Tall One’s cap just peeking over a distant dune. From his hiding place, a tall, thin but well muscled man with long curls of red hair flowing down his back watches the caravan. He waves to silence the two men behind him. They quietly slide up the dune to watch together as the caravan moves its vehicles and animals into the shade of this strangely shaped mountain.
One leans to whisper to another, “Who knew that the ravings of that drunken fool were true.”
“Aye, my brother… a man shaped mountain… what a fantastic tale it was…”
“It is good to know that all these days of eating these infidels’ dust have finally paid off. For now, we must hide from this sun or die. Once it is dark, let us head home to tell father what we have discovered.” Nodding, they quickly built their sand colored tents over cooled sand and hid their animals from the sun. They ate a cold meal, fed and watered their animals, and slept.
Distracted by the arrival of his friends, Lar had not seen the Tall Ones either. Once the light show had started, he turned and headed down the stairs to the central level. Following well worn stone pathways through the inside of the caves that honey combed the mountain, the red haired stranger moved from lookout to lookout. He remained unseen, even by the sharp eyed guards who climb part of the way up onto the rocks for a better view of their camp.
Lar watched the caravan move inside the oasis. He marveled at how quickly they built their little village of tents. Women make their cook fires. The children ran toward the water to splash in the early morning heat and burn off steam from being cooped up in the carts and vans of the caravan.
Watching the activity in his usually quiet place, he smiled at the coming distraction to his dull existence. In this small, plain place, he was content most days. He had to admit that the arrival of the occasional caravan of travelers seeking water, did make his life more interesting. Day after day, the patterns of work and the visions given to him by the Watcher filled his days. Days flowed one into another. During the days of dust and heat, he waited in the deep cool caves and he worked until night fall took his light. What the Watcher saw filled his mind and the writing of these stories filled his life.
He knew his place and his work. In the early light when the sun’s rays reached deep into the caves of his little mountain, he sat in his cool rooms and wrote the stories that the Watcher saw. During the Festival of Gathering, he wrote down the stories brought to him by his friends and family.
As on other mornings, the sun filled his world with heat; the light entered his work cave enough for him to see. “Let us see what the Watcher has for me today.” Unconcerned that he was speaking only to himself; he climbed down to begin his work. He sat in the stone chair at the center of the deep cave and commenced his day’s work. At the sun’s highest point, he stopped and ate his midday meal. Then, he returned to his life’s work.
After a few more hours, the light was no longer good enough to write. He finished the work for the day. He stretched a giant stretch, “That’s enough work for today. Now it is time for a swim.” He made his way through the inner caves down the back stairs to the lowest level where two ponds could be found.
He went down until he reached the shaded sand that knew , even in the near total darkness, to be the lowest floor of a cave. This cave, lknown as the Old Man’s mouth, was hundreds of paces across in all directions. In it, were two pools hidden from view by the lowest cave. Looking across the vast gloomy distance, he found, as he had several times every year, his old friend, Bel-Al.
It wasn’t easy to sneak across the lowest cave. The inside of the lowest level was hundreds of paces across. At the bottom of the stairs, he silently skirted around the first pool. It was steaming hot. It remained hot because it was constantly reheated by the geysers that blew boiling hot jewels out onto the sands around the mountain. These molten hot jewels would roll around and melt the sands that stuck to the outside of them as they rolled.
To the uninitiated, these quickly took on the appearance of worthless bits of sandstone. Over the years, Lar had been amused by the visitors who would think they were worthless rocks. Children would build buildings with them. Children would cry because their parents would never let them keep them. He heard them explain over and over that these rocks were worthless bits of weight for the animals to carry. To Lar’s further amusement, these same parents used these rocks to make their fire circles.
Lar felt no shame about deceiving any of the other visitors to his oasis. The precious stones buried in their sand shells were the sole property of the Watcher. Only the Watcher’s people were the heirs to His blessings. These jewels were the proof of the relationship between the God who lives in this mountain and His children.
He searched in the half darkness. Knowing that his old friend preferred the cold pool on the far side of the cave, Lar made his way there. He silently crept up to the old man and sat beside him to dangle his feet in the cool water. Under the outcropping chin of the mountain’s face, a natural spring brought cool water to the pool deep inside the stone.
“Caught you napping again, old man…”
Sliding a short, curved knife out of the folds of his jelaba, the older man smiled with a mouth filled with gold teeth, “I heard you from your first steps into this cave, my nephew of the flaming hair.”
Both men laughed. Bel-Al flourished the knife and cut a chunk off of a lamb shank on a wooden plate near his knee. He handed it to Lar and Lar handed Bel-Al a piece of flat bread from his leather kit bag. The two men chewed and soaked their feet in the cold, dark water.
“Thirsty, ma nephew..?” A goatskin of new wine passed from hand to hand. It continued to be passed throughout the meal as needed. Little was said as little was needed. These were old friends and would not interrupt the meal for small talk.
Lar looked at his image in the pool. His hair was still the bright red of the trees at gathering time. His face was burned a dark brown by a life in the desert wind and sun. Bel Al looked closer at his friend. He noticed that the lines from his eyes to the sides of his mouth seemed deeper than before. “It has been too long between visits, my uncle.
Lar said softly.
Bel Al agreed with a nod and a grunt, thinking how much he looked like his father although he had not looked at that face much since their days of trading with each other as newly bearded men. Bel Al and Lar had first met while fending off peddlers trying to sell him reflecting glass at trading times.
Lar looked at his hands. They were calloused from a life of climbing this rock. His fingers were stained the black of the ink from his writings. His sleeves slid down exposing his forearms. They were stringy with muscle from his early life of hunting and running with his best friend and cousin, Kiv. He retained his tone by climbing up and down inside his mountain all day long.
These days, he lived alone here deep in his rock far out in the desert. Since the death of his beloved Han, he had wandered the caves of his tiny world, crying and writing, wondering where she had gone and why she had left so soon. All was lost for the need of a baby that she wanted to give him. “Both lost…lost.” He sat and began to cry again.
Bel-Al knew the Keeper’s sad story and simple patted his nephew’s shoulder. He made soothing sounds until the crying wore itself out. After a time, he stopped. He splashed water in his face and sat for a time.
“How long will you stay, uncle?”
“I think two days this time.”
“Good, I have not beaten anyone at bones since you were last here.”
The old man laughed, “You may find me a less easy opponent, nephew. I have just won the Trading Time Tournament. As champion, It is beneath my office as champion to play such an elegant game with such a thief as you.”
“As unlikely as your championship might be, old man, my humble board awaits in its usual spot… That is, if you’ve the stones for a real challenge.”
The old man laughed so loud the cave under the chin echoed with the sounds. His son and two guards charged in to the cool half darkness with drawn bows. The boy ran to the old man, “Father…you scared me…I feared a beast or a robber…” Til-Al stopped short to see that his father was not alone. As his eyes adjusted to the lower light, he smiled broadly and offered his forearm in greeting.
Lar grabbed it almost up to the elbow in the Bed-Ou way, “My cousin, you are welcome in my Wadi.”
“I am always blessed by this place but more blessed to see that you are well. May I offer you a visit to our humble campsite, cousin…” said the younger man, waving his hands at the guards so that they might return to their posts. The men bowed and backed out.
The old man smiled, “aaah, my son, what a treasure you are. I fear your second guess to be the truest…for, this very day, I have been challenged by this thief here to yet another game of bones…”
“Hah, I knew this was going to be a great day!” says the young man, leaping nearly to the roof of the cave, sending bats scurrying out the openeing, “we’ll have entertainment tonight, by the Master’s beard…I, myself, will draw the circle…Shall I get that new set of flying dactyl bone game pieces you won at trading days…”
Lar looks suspicious. He squints his eyes at the two men, “Wait a minute. Now you expect me to have to use your bones, my brother?”
The old man tried to look hurt, “And this is problem because..?”
In the appearance of a flash decision, Lar burst in, “Fine! Then, we use MY board…I will bring my own army.”
The old man appeared to consider this for a moment, then, spit in his palm and stuck it out. Lar spit in his palm in true Bed-Ou style and smacked the old man’s hand soundly with it . All three laughed uproariously. Bel-Al began to get stiffly up from the ground. Til Al helped him up and ran out to begin preparations. He knew that these two men were the champion bones men of the whole territory. He knew that the whole Wadi was in for a treat tonight. In addition, he was looking forward to seeing the carved jewels of the Watch man’s Bones.
Bel-Al continued, “So…to loosen you up before the game, you must sup at my table. I have a new favorite wife who cooks like a dream.”
“What? You have a fourteenth wife, now?”
“Who counts…when I tire of them they are returned to their families. They are free to remarry. ”
“What happened to Jal-eel-la? Wasn’t she last year’s favorite?”
“Ooohhh… by the Master’s beard! Don’t remind me! What a shrew. She was sent home with a new dowry ransom and has already been pawned off to some unsuspecting widower.”
“Really…”
“Yes, and hopefully, for his sake, that her new husband has really bad hearing. I swear to all the Gods, that woman could kvetch the white wash off a wall.” That said, Bel-Al turned on his heel, shaking his head, and headed out of the cave.
Lar laughed and watched them go, “It’s going to take more than a new set of bones to beat me you old cheater…” he called after the men. Laughter drifted back to him down the long corridor.
Knowing no women would be allowed any where near this cave, Lar calmly stripped down. He dove into the water to wash off the sweat of a hot day. He swam with strong strokes around in his pool and pulled himself out onto a rock. He tied his loin cloth about his girdle. He stooped to gather up his clothing and climbed back and forth up the stairways that lined the inside of skull. Once he had made his way to the top of the head above his apartments, he spread his cloak over a bush to air out.
Knowing he was unseen from below, he stretched out in the late afternoon sun to dry himself. Knowing he was in for a long night at the Bones board, he slept there for a while as the shadow from his cloak moved across the high little plain until he was in its shadow. The cooling evening breeze on his skin awoke him. He stretched and rose to his feet, Then, gathering his robes, he shook them, put them on, and headed back down the darkening stair ways toward the for the tent of his uncle.
Coming out the cave at the front of the lowest level, just as he reached the sunny edge of the shade, he found Til Al waiting in the shade with four men, “Watch Man, I have come for your board.”
“Ah, yes…” Lar appeared perplexed for a moment. He snapped his fingers, “Tonight I have been challenged to play... a bit of sport… I had nearly forgotten.”
Lar’s young cousin woofed a laugh at Lar’s apparent loss of memory. Then, he motioned to the men. The men moved swiftly to their task. Each one took a side as they lifted the heavy playing board and carefully carried out into the sunlight. Til turned to go.
“Wait, my cousin.” Leaving Til Al by the door, Lar went back into the cave. Around a turn, Lar rummaged around in a niche carved deep out of sight in the shadow by the door. He took a beautifully carved box from deep in the shadows. “My army…”
Til bowed, “Aiya, cousin…I am so sorry… I almost forgot.”
Pretending to be offended, Lar said, “You would not have me face the great Champion of the Trading Time tournament with an ordinary army…now would you?”
Again, the younger man woofed another low laugh, “No, sir, I would not want that.”
“Ahhh, so…” Lovingly, Lar placed the box on a near by table. He went through the clever locking devices and opened the box and took out his sultan. Like the others it was hand carved out of a jewel. This sultan (he had others) was of a blood red jewel. He put it back in and took out a horse. This horse was cleverly carved from a large pale blue jewel. The horse stood on its back legs with its front hooves pawing the air.
“That is stunning, uncle.”
“Yes. It was carved by one of my long dead grandfathers.”
“By the Master’s beard, this carving is spectacular work.” Lar rewrapped the horse and placed it back in its padded casing. Moving his hand to the next space, Lar took out another cloth wrapped shape. “I have just finished carving these… “
He handed it to Til Al. “What do you think, cousin… Be frank… “
Til Al unwrapped the figure. Revealed in his hand was a bright, yellow stone carved as a dragon in the fighting stance of Jang Shi. Til was so moved that he almost dropped the figure. With shaking hands, he stood it on the table. “I am speechless. This is the most beautiful piece I have ever seen. And, to think, you made this with your own hands.”
Dropping his face to hide his pride, Lar wrapped the dragon and put it back in it resting place, “It is written that the Watch Man is expected to add to the set. My father added a new sultana. He said that it was carved as a likeness of my mother. She was both pleased and embarrassed by the gift.”
“But Jang Shi dagons…wow…”
“Before you were born, your father and, before him, your grandfather always told us bed time stories about the Jang Shi dragons…how they taught us to fight for our freedom…”
“I have heard those tales…I loved them too… But your hands and your blessed tools, honored sir, have brought those stories to life with these renderings.”
“I sought for years for an idea that would be both dramatic and beautiful. Last time your father was here…”
“While I was at Star Master School.”
“Right…well, I heard him telling a rapt audience of boys at his evening fire about these very Jang Chi dragons, so, I set out to bring their stories to life.”
“You have certainly exceeded my expectations for those goals…They are stunning.”
“Thank you Til, I have been working on the idea for several gathering time cycles. I was going to make horses any way. First, I determined that I had to find the right stones. My mother brought me these two at the last Gathering. Then, right after that, your father gave me the inspiration to create these carvings. I immediately drew new plans and began these carvings. I must write in the daytime, so they were carved by moonlight. I have only just finished a few nights ago.”
“Superior work…Father will be stunned.”
Lar closed the box and handed it to his cousin, “My army looks ready.”
Balancing the heavy case, he made ready to go, “May I have the honor of setting your pieces, cousin?”
“Aiya, my beard brother…We will face the champion together. Do not be offended if I make minor adjustments after I see your father’s placements.” His young cousin laughed again and walking carefully, he headed towards his father’s camp.
He shouted over his shoulder, “See you later…”
Watching the box holding the treasured pieces make their way across the wadi, Lar sat on his haunches to think.. Those pieces had been the property of the Watch Man as long as any one could remember. Tonight, they would do battle for the tribe known as the People of the Watcher against the forces from the tribe known simply as Bed Ou. Idly brushing around himself, his hand touched crinkly leaves. He picked one up, noticing for the first time that it had turned from green to a rich red color.
Looking up at the tree that shaded him, he noticed that it was changing color as well. “Flame…” he said softly and smiled. He looked about him, noticing the colors on the other trees and bushes for the first time, “The Gathering time for the People has come at last… They will be coming now. I must make ready.”
He stood as if to run inside to climb the inner caves clear to the top of the Old Man’s head to see if he could see a dust cloud that would herald the return of his tribe. He stopped himself. “Not tonight.” He looked around again at the trees closer to the pools shading the oasis. He saw that half of the leaves were still green. He shook his head, “Not tonight…tonight I go to war with my uncle.”




Chapter 3; Dinner and A Bride Price

Lar shaded his eyes for a moment as he finally emerged from the lower cave. Looking about him self for a moment, he noticed that the shadows had extended toward the oasis from the high front sand dunes. The day gradually passed. The edge of the shade passed across the vast expanse of the oasis. In the cooling shaded area, the last of the day’s heat shimmered out into the sky.
As Lar leaned against the door jam of his cave, he watched the edge of the shadow move toward him from outside the oasis. The edge of the shadow continued past the rocks which the people called the Hands and on toward the Watcher. Mists were now rising from the heated pools all around the wadi. The sun would not be visible much longer from inside the Watcher’s arms. It sat like an orange ball on the nearest high sand dune.
In order to give Til time to set up the area around the game board, Lar decided to take the long way to his uncles tents. He greeted drivers that he knew and dodged packs of running children as he made the first of the required three circles of the camp. When he was out by the gate, he stopped and climbed up on the low rock mounds to watch the sunset.
Eventually, anyone who had been interested, grew tired of watching him just sit there and returned to their dinner plans. As he was climbing down, he saw what he had come out there to find. Slowly, but with intention, Lar pulled is sleeve over his left hand and reached down to grab a large dusty rock. Being male, even the Watch Man was not allowed to touch an untreated tear. He quickly dropped the stone in a cloth bag and secreted it in an inside pocket.
Judging by the weight in his clothe, Lar knew that he had found a good one. Even in its sandy covering, he suspected that the jewel inside was bigger than his fist. Still moving slowly in case any one was still paying too muc attention to him, he climbed down as if he had all night, Lar then, continued on his way. As the sun dipped beyond the horizon behind him, he strolled along on the second of his three circles of the his uncles camp.
At the same time, in the dying light several dunes away, the Tall Ones quietly broke their meager camp. Whispering to each other and their animals, they ate a quick, cold meal. With practiced care, they folded their one flat, sand colored tent. They quietly but firmly grabbed the harnesses on the head of each of their animals. Pulling on those harnesses, they urged their animals to walk slowly away from the Old Man. Their animals were not happy to leave the water, but the men were strong and their whips were insistent. Seeing that a favorable wind was at their backs, they quickened their pace.
Once the sun had fully set, a nearly full moon was visible. The leader caused them to press their pace even faster the moon’s silvery light. He knew that all these factors would cause the dust they raised to blow ahead of them  and not give them away to the people at the oasis. Under this cover of darkness and wind, they set their sights to head back to their father’s village.
In the tents of the camp, all eyes are again on Lar. Once he started moving again, the whispers began again. The travelers watch the crazy hermit as he makes the second of the expected three circles of their camp. Some of them notice that, in the middle of his third cycle, out near one of the outer gate like rock formations known as the “Hands”, he stops. At once, a whisper passes one to another, “He seems to be studying something. Look! What ever it is lays right there next to his path.”
Paying no attention to their stares, he kicked it out of his path as if it had been any other rock and continued on his way. He told himself that even though that tear may have been bigger than his, too many people were watching, so his would have to do. He knew that his uncle’s wife and his nieces would be blessed by his gift.
As he passed each tent for the third time, people quietly pick up their camp chairs. Staying back a few paces they quietly followed behind him. N order to not arrive too soon, they had to go all the way around the camp to the gaming area Sam Ah had made at the edge of Bel Al’s compound. The caravaneers knew that, uninvited, they could not arrive before the honored guest.
Bel Al and his staff had set his tent in a shady grove of trees. Thus, even in the hottest sun, the inside the of the tent remained cool. As the sun’s heat died, the flaps were dropped down to create a wonderful atmosphere at just the right temperature. No smoky pots were needed for heat yet. Lar was able to avoid the worst of the day’s heat by escaping deep into his home cave. One of the pools in the lowest cave was cold and deep. In the cold days, he would stay by the pool on the other side of the  impressed at how well the Bed Ou managed their existence in this arid place.
Finally, At the front of the largest tent in the cluster, a circle of blankets covers a hard swept area. A table of three levels and two chairs are at the center of the blanketed space. The crowd scurried to arrange themselves just off these blankets. Much jostling and some low cursing are accompanied by their attempts to get a good view. Sam Ah, Bel Al’s Sword Master, stepped out of his master’s doorway and just looked at the noisy ones. Immediately, silence fell as people peacefully found seating and set up their chairs.
Sam Ah bowed low and held the door flap for the honored guest. Bel Al met him just inside and they bowed low to each other. Lar said, “A Salaam, uncle…Bless this house and all who enter in…”
Bel Al touched his heart, bowing, “A Salaam, my nephew.”
With a flourish, the host waves Lar into the center of the room to a pile of pillows. He clapped his hands together. Giggling, two beautiful girls brought a tea set and cups. Bel-Al smiles at them, “Aren’t they amazing? These are my last two daughters. They should be married, but I cannot part with them.” With dimpled smiles, they bow their way out. In silence, the two old friends sip the dark, sweet brew in fine painted cups.
Lar bowed to his nieces, “Truly, uncle, my nieces are too beautiful to serve a lowly keeper such as I…” The girls laugh.
Bel Al waved his hands, “Shoo, shoo…” The girls left looking over their shoulders at their cousin.
They slurped their drinks noisily. After a while, Bel Al noticed a shawl covered head looking into their room through a curtain. “And here, my beloved nephew is my new wife.”
Lar’s face brightened as a tiny, round woman came in from an outer area bearing a huge tray of dates and sweets. He jumped up and bowed low. He was so shocked to see his hostess that he just babbled,, “Auntie Fre Ya! Number one wife… Tanta… my mother’s aunt… it is an honor to see thee again!”
Bel Al acted displeased, but he was secretly not, “Oh, please…You will spoil her… Here I have only just married her again and now I may have to send her back to the Great City by the Sea again! There will be no pleasing her.”
“You married her again?”
“Yesss…well,,, I was in need of a wife and she has been doing a fine job running our main home in the Great City. As the mother of my three sons, I could never really put her out. I have been fighting off her wander lust for the last three treks. When she found out that we were coming here this time, she was not to be denied. She says that she has missed you and that you needed her cooking to keep from blowing away in a sand storm.” They all laughed.
Lars mind flashed back to another time long ago when he and Frey Ya had been children together. In those days, Lar’s grandfather had been the Watch Man. His brother was Fre Ya’s father and also was the game keeper in the great woods where Lar’s father made his living as a huntsman .Fre Ya, although she was barely three years older than Lar, had been often been asked to take care of Lar and his cousin, Little Kiv, when their mothers would go with the tribe’s women to sell skins and meats at the market. Lar, in a baby way,  had called her Tanta. The name had stuck as his pet name for her even when they were grown.
Bel Al’s father ran caravans. He would come often to the hunting camp for dried meats to take with him on the treks out across the great desert. His son, though barely in his teens, was already a Beast Master for his father’s caravan business. Even though they were of different tribes, they had fallen in love. Once she had married Bel Al, they had seen each other less frequently. At first, she had gone on caravans with Bel Al while he was learning to be a Star Master.
Once she brought babies to her father’s door, she was forgiven by her parents. They both decided not to take small babies into the Great Desert. So, when Bel Al was away with his father, she was in her parents’ camp. She continued to care for Lar so his mother could do her work. Some of the People had shunned her because she had married out of their tribe.
Lar’s father had remained a close friend to Bel Al’s father. And, because of that friendship, Lar’s parents, knowing Bel Al to be a fine fellow, had continued to treat her and him as family. This fact, that had bonded these two families strongly through out the long years. Great games of bones had been played at the hunting camps and at Trading Time. This competition had fed the two families friendship. When as time passed, Lar’s grandfather had died, his father had taken his proscribed place as the Watch Man.
As his father had through his young manhood years, Lar had become a huntsman remaining at the hunting camp between gathering times. He was given a home with Kiv’s family for training and development. During the fourteen nights of the Gathering, Lar would live in the caves inside the Watcher with his parents. Sitting at his mother’s knee, he filled the time telling his parents stories of his adventures. Then, when Gathering was over, he returned with the rest of the People to their regular lives.
Bel Al had often invited Lar to their tents when he was in the hunting camp resting between forays out on the trails. He and Lar had begun to play bones on those visits. By comparison to the finely carved works of art with which they now played, their humble bones sets had been simple stones with symbols painted on them. In the beginning, they had only one level games.
Once Lar had moved out here to take his father’s place as the law decreed, their friendship continued. Whenever Bel Al’s caravans would visit Wadi Sha’lom, they would play. As their skills advanced, they had moved to the higher skill levels needed to play the full three level game.
Fre Ya had eventually stopped coming out to the desert. She had too many babies and a house back in the Great City to run during the rest of the year. While her father had lived, she had continued to come with her children as part of her father’s camp during Gathering. Once her father had died, she had stopped coming at all. Now, for the first time in years, they joined hands as they should and their familial love was rekindled.
To give them a little privacy, Bel Al went through the drape into the back rooms, “I will check on those lazy girls about our supper.”
Lar went quickly to the older women. His mother had always called her Auntie Fre Ya’ and insisted that Lar do the same. He hugged the tiny woman tightly, “Tanta Fre Ya, I bring the greetings of the Watcher.”
He closed her right hand in both of his and kissed the back of it in the way of the People. Unseen by anyone, he slipped the bag with the tear in it into her pocket, “Did you see the red leaf.”
“Yes, my nephew, I did.”
“The Master calls the Gathering.”
“My heart responds, but, my husband and my duties to him will take me elsewhere.”
Lar nodded his head silently, “You are still my aunt and your daughters through you are of the People as well. May this token of my love be broken in two as a bride price for my cousins. If the banns are followed, the Watcher watches and blesses.”
She bowed her head and closed her eyes, enjoying being home. She whispered, “The people respond in humble gratitude. I hear and obey.”
Bel Al swept back into the room. His daughters followed him in with trays of food. Others brought strong coffee and cups of cool water. Distracted by the preparations, Bel Al did not notice his wife duck out of his tent into her own. She had saved some of the goat’s blood from this days killing to prepare the stone for market. She went to the trunk her mother had given her just before she had died. As it had for all of its previous owners, it seemed innocent enough of a trunk.
To all appearances, it was a simple, though beautiful, trunk that contained the clothing and bedding she needed on a trek. It was intricately carved out of sand colored wood. It had been handed down from the first daughter to the next first daughter over generations. She went to door way and looked out. No one was nearby, so she went quickly to her knees before the trunk. She reached to the bottom around the back side. A flower that looked like all the others was able to be pushed in. With an audible click, a secret drawer on the side opened to reveal a pouch made of softened camel leather and a blood stained piece of goat skin.
She unrolled and untied the pouch. In it were two priceless objects to a woman of the People. The first was a pair of pincer tongs made of pure gold. The second priceless object was a jewel encrusted knife. She dropped the stone in the pan of blood to soften the hard sandy covering. Taking the stone out of its bath with the tongs, she laid it on the blood stained piece of goat skin. She struck the shell with the handle of her knife and it broke away revealing a ruby as big as her fist. She struck the stone on one of the peaks. It broke into twp large pieces and four small ones.
She sat there on her haunches and let the tears of gratitude flow. Now, her last two daughters could be married correctly now. When the People returned to the Great City, she would visit Loi. The small pieces would easily and pay the marriage broker her fees and the promise of an egg sized ruby would be temptation enough of a bride price for the Shiree to dangle before the greedy mothers of two strong, young husbands, one for each of her young girls.
As she had hoped, the men paid no attention to her absence. While she had worked to clean the stones, they had spent their time eating and lying and laughing. Always the entertainer, Bel Al regaled his son and his nephew of the wonders he had supposedly seen in his travels. Til Al told his cousin all about his training as Star Master. Bel Al pitched in for a small fortune to another Star Master for his son’s education. Lar had expressed his pride that Til Al had unerringly led the caravan all the way from the Great City to Wadi Al Sha Lom.




Chapter 4; A Game of Bones

At the end of the meal, Bel Al, his son, Til, and Lar washed their hands and beards carefully. The meat and grains of the dinner had been delicious, but it would not do to get grease all over the priceless carvings of the game pieces. They walked out side into the cool evening. Torches had been carefully placed to create a well lit scene for the game. Sam Ah was getting ready to set Bel Al’s pieces.
Lar also looked at the setting. The carved wooden chairs seemed comfortable enough for the playing. He knew that these games have been known to go on for days. They might be paused for sleep and then resumed.
“Man, I love this board,” Walking around his grand father’s board, he ran his hand over the edge of the lower level. The two top layers were identical, separated by stands at all four corners. The lowest level had two sides the same size as the two upper ones. The lowest level of the three was at least five palms wider than the other two levels and had a raised edge at least one palm high to keep the dice on the table. This made an excellent throwing area for the 6 dice used in the game. Although the board was centuries old, it stood strong on its legs and the joints were glued as tight as if they had been welded. If one wished a fast game as many as 10 dice could be used, but purchase prices for taking a player or jumping levels were all doubled.
Lar looked at his uncle, “Six??? Or ten..? Host’s choice…”
“Six dice is more than enough for gentlemen…” Bel Al said and both men laughed at their joke. The people around them remained silent rather than face Sam Ah’s wrath.
Lar touched the torch to his right. As the owner of the wadi, he could make these rules. “In the unlikely event that I have not defeated you…”
“Or, I you…” Bel broke in. The crowd laughed and laughed again.
“As I was saying, before being rudely interrupted…” His uncle bowed his head in mock obeisance. The crowd laughed even harder. They knew they were in for an entertaining night. Quietly, women came and sat behind their men. Their children wrapped themselves in blankets and lay around their mothers. All moved silently lest the be sent away for annoying grown ups.
When the laughter died down, Lar continued, “We will take a sleep break when this torch burns out.
Ignoring the taunts, the older man nodded, “Agreed.”
Lar continued somberly. “Both you and I have work to do tomorrow…”
“And, day time is too hot here for much fun…” added his uncle.
“So…if you are still able to field an army after another of my aunt’s sumptuous suppers, we will resume play until dawn.”
“Or if that jewelled fortress has not already been taken by my clever forces…”
“Aiya, you old pirate! No resolution at morning blessing means a draw and you are still Champion… Of a minor tournament, but, still champion…” Now, the crowd howled with laughter.
Bel Al had taken the wrong moment to wet his tongue. His best wine was spat off to his left and he coughed a moment, trying to catch his breath. Gathering his last shreds of dignity, he waved his arms, “Just play nephew, so that I can show these infidels who is the champion here.”
First, Lar took at his fortress out of the box and handed it to Til. The shiny black onyx jewel was carved to look like the head of the Watcher. He watched his cousin place it on a red “home” square. In his mind, he reviewed strategy for that piece. The red home square is as big as four regular squares. On the middle board, there are two choices for each side. Til placed it and looked at Lar. Lar twirled his finger in the air, “I wish him to keep an eye on your pirate of a father.” The crowd, which had been watching in tense silence, roared with laughter.
Next, Lar took a large carved ruby out of the box. It was intricately fashioned as a fierce faced powerfully built man leaning on a curved scimitar. It was his sultan. He handed it to Til Al. He reminded himself that a sultan can move long distances using all of the dots showing to take lesser pieces in any direction as long as he maintains possession of at least one of his horses. However, he could be crippled in ability if he lost both horses. If captured, the sultan can only be ransomed once per game.
Next, Lar took a blue jewel from the box and handed it to Til. It was carved in the shape of a beautiful woman leaning on a delicate straight sword. This is the first sultana. “Upper right green three…up two…” he said.
The crowd craned their necks to see that green and black squares alternated across the thirteen squares of the upper board. Each row was the opposite in colored squares. At the mid point of the board, a completely black row separated both sides of the war zone. Til quickly counted three green squares from the right corner of the top board. Then, he counted two black squares forward. He placed the queen of the game carefully in the spot requested. He then place four soldiers around and in front of her in an arc for protection.
While Til was setting the sultana’s position and getting her guards in place, Lar went over his strategies for her in his mind. The sultana is the wife of the sultan and has all the powers that he has. She has one power that he does not. Her ability to move is not tied to horses, so, she can be treacherous from any direction through out the game. If the sultan can make it to any four of the twelve gold corner squares on the board, he places a territorial marker in that corner and the other sultan cannot use that corner to win another wife. Once he has four corner stones in place, he wins another wife and removes the stones.
Lar then took some measly dirt colored pebbles out of his box and placed then along the ridge of his throwing zone. “Recognize these, my uncle?”
Bel Al exclaimed, “Aiya, nephew, these appear to be some of the marked stones that we played with back in my father in law’s hunting camp when you were a mere pup of a boy.” Bel Al always acted as if he were far senior to his nephew even though he was only five gatherings older than Lar.
“Truly, uncle, your eyes still work despite your advanced age. As you can see, these are truly the same soldier stones that I used when I taught you this game.”
Bel Al jumped up, “An outrageous lie, nephew…For any who remembers know that I taught you this game when you were a mere slip of a shadow of the man that you now are!” The crowd roared with laughter. These exchanges were common among the best players.
Lar paid no attention to the outburst. He continued going over his strategies in his head. Once the sultan is ransomed, he can resume tagging corners to win more wives back up to a maximum of three. As long as there are horses remaining in his army, the sultan and one of his sultanas can split the number of dots showing and move together. A sultan can only make this daring move with one wife at a time and if four dice match in a double-double roll, If a wife gets taken, she stays off the board until she can be ransomed with the four corner gambit, as stated above. Two sultanas can be paid as ransom for a sultan. As before, once he has returned to the board, he can win more wives after being ransomed back to three wives again.
The next two stones are wrapped together. Lar took the two tall thin figures from the soft leather cover and handed both of them to Til Al. Til looked at the figures in each hand while he waited for Lar to give him placement instructions. Each stone is of a pure golden, yellow stone intricately carved as a tall, thin man with a wand. This piece is called the Vizir. Lar tells Til Al where he wants them placed, “Lower corners please.” While his cousin is placing the Vizir’s in place and putting three soldiers in strategic points around them, Lar reminds himself of strategy for these two pieces.
The Vizir is a helper . He doesn’t capture pieces. He can, how ever, be part of the team that surrounds and captures the fortress in a classic closing move. If a player throws double sixes, the Vizir’s job is to cast spells. His spells freeze a player in place if they are less than six squares away. The frozen player cannot move until they throw double sixes as well. However, if your vizir is within six squares, spells can be undone by your wizir with double three or more.
It came time to place Lar’s horses. He had been holding one of them. Lar thought a moment and placed it back in the box. “I need all the help I can get. I will use these for my horses.” An audible gasp was heard by the crowd as they saw what he handed to his cousin. Trying to act nonchalant, Til’s hands shook as the exquisitely beautiful dragons took their place at the back corners of the upper board. The glittering light from the torches sparkled through the jeweled pieces.
Bel Al stood to admire the new additions to Lar’s side. “By the Master’s beard, nephew, what do you call these?”
“Uncle…they are my horses.”
“They do not look like horses to me.”
“Do you not recognize your own fabrications…”
“Fabrications? What are you implying?”
“Well… creations then…These, sir, are meant to be carved replicas of your infamous Jang Shi dragons…”
“Maybe they appear similar…”
“Uncle…in all those exciting stories that you scared my child hood dreams with… You described them so well that I felt a need to create these to honor your stories.”
“But dragons as horses???”
“Did you not teach me that they were the mighty dragon horses of the all powerful Chin Khan. The ones he used to conquer Chin Ah.”
“Maybe I have a vague memory of some trifling children’s tales”
“Well I took them as truth… Or so you said in the stories that you and your dad told me when I was a mere child.” Every one there had sat by campfires and listened to Bel Al’s stories. All who had listened to the telling and retelling of fireside stories of Bel Al and his father’s trips among the mighty Chin roared with laughter. Once the laughter died down, the crowd pounded their thighs in applause for the spectacularly beautiful new game pieces.
Gently, Bel Al picked up the carving and turned it in his hand, “Is this your work, nephew?”
“Yes, “ Lar said quietly.
“These fine sculptures prove that you are a worthy Watch Man. These are a fine addition to the exquisite pieces all your ancestors have made.” He placed the dragon gently back on his space.
“Thank you, uncle.” More quiet applause drifted over them.
Bel Al took a puff from his hookah and blew smoke rings at Lar, “It will be an honor stealing your newly carved dragon horses, my nephew.” The crowd roared its approval.
Through the uproar, Lar reminded himself of horse strategy and functions. Horses can be captured by the other army if they were unlucky enough to be landed on with an exact number by the sultan or the sultana or even another horse. Once the sultan has lost both his horses, he is limited to moving only one dice value per roll. Horses cannot be ransomed. The thief keeps any horses stolen.
The owner of a horse can cause his figure to escape intended capture by rolling doubles more than three which would allow it to jump a level up or down and escape as long as no one is blocking those spaces above or below. Twenty one smaller stones shaped as identically carved helmets represent Lar’s foot soldiers. They can be used as shields from magic spells and as horse thieves. At least three soldiers are required to trap a horse for 2 rolls. If the player who owns that horse cannot jump up or down to escape with in those two rolls, the horse is said to be stolen and is retired from the rest of that game. Four threes would allow the horse to reverse the capture of the three foot soldiers and remove them from the board
Both men circled the board. First Bel Al and then Lar would stop, and move closer then change the position of a piece. They were looking at each other’s placements, assessing how each opponent had set his army and judged how their own pieces would be matched. He noticed, as if for the first time, his intricately carved pieces of jeweled stone and the finely chiseled bone pieces on his uncles portion of the board, “I see before me a sultan’s true ransom, my uncle. These beautiful pieces are a far cry from those marked pebbles of our youthful matches.”
Continuing to look intently at the locations of his pieces, Bel Al mumbled “Aiya, my nephew, we are truly blessed. “
Taking another turn around the table, Lar now looked closely at the location of his fortress. It is a replica of the Old Man’s head cleverly carved from a black, shiny stone. It always sits on the middle level. He moved it from his red home square on one side to the opposite red home square on the other side. “Today, I think that I prefer this side…: he said absently.
Bel Al continued to move some of his pieces in response to Lar’s machinations. “Almost ready…” he said to himself.
Lar changed his mind about the placing both horses on the top level with his sultan. Lar took the pale green dragon and moved him to the lower level, trading it with the carved yellow jewel Vizir. He also moved his orange vizir to the lower left corner and the yellow one to the upper right corner. Satisfied, he sat back and watched as Bel Al made final adjustments.
When his father had also leaned back in his chair to indicate readiness to play, Til Al came forward with an intricately painted box of beautiful black wood. He said softly, “The bones…”
Lar, as the guest, picked first. Looking at the hundreds of choices in the box, he drew three die out one by one. He hefted each one in his hand. He tossed them on his side of the throwing area. He tried seven dice before he found three that he liked. Til Al took the box to his father, Bel Al repeated the procedure, trying more that ten dice before he found three to his liking.
They rolled their three dice for first move. Bel Al scored twelve. Lar rolled is three dice and scored a fifteen. Lar took  his three bones and Bel Al’s three from the two throwing areas. The bones are six sided cubes of hard, shiny stones with dots on each side one through six. A player can accumulate a maximum of thirty six moves. A throw of double three’s or better entitles a player to jump up or down a level. Jumping costs you your two highest dice values. That player can use the remaining dot values to move around the new level if the way is not blocked.
Finally, they both sat and took a cup from the brass tray. Bel Al and Lar touched cups and took a drink. “Good Luck, uncle.”
“Skill has always been more valuable to me than luck, my favorite nephew.” Snickers were heard from the crowd. They were quickly silenced by a scowl from Sam Ah.
To light applause, the rolls began in earnest and they began to play. Lar’s first throw is five 5’s and a two. In a bold move, he moves both his Vizirs forward seven spaces and jumps two soldiers to the middle level. Because he had thrown five of a kind, he also had the next throw. Bel Al slumped in his chair at his bad luck. Lar’s next roll is six fours. Lar moved his sultan, his sultana, and both dragons to the middle level. His Sultana sidled up to Bel Al’s castle. In his next move,
As his uncle’s discomfort increases, Lar rolls a twenty seven with four sixes. The orange Vizir froze Bel Al’s Sultana and Lar’s Sultan captured her. With the remaining dots, Both dragons took up capturing positions on either side of Bel Al’s castle. On his next move, he rolled five fives and a three. He moved his Sultan into capturing position and set his soldiers around for protection. ‘’
“That has got to be the stupidest move I have ever seen you make, nephew.”
Lar licked his dry lips. He had never tried such a wild attack plan before in his life, “Lets find out…” He rolled again and he had thrown nineteen with four fours. He used these dots to move his foot soldiers around, surrounding both of Bel Al’s horses. If Lar was unable to roll another double-double, Bel Al would be able to play. Once his uncle was freed to play, Lar was sure that a player of his skill would take advantage of the fact that all of Lar’s pieces are now grouped for easy picking.
“You’ll never pull it off, Watch Man.” Bel Al said in a low, growly voice as he sat forward tensely.
“Let’s find out…” and he quickly rolled again. The dot count was twenty one. It was a one and five fours. “Aiya…” was all that the older man said as he stalked off in the darkness. The people cheered for a while. Lar just sat there smiling. People gathered their belongings and children to make their way back to their tents.
Aficionados of the sweet game, as they call Bones, were discussing the boldness of Lars lightning fast strategy. Only a few were grumbling about the brevity of the match hardly being worth watching.
Til Al bowed low before his cousin. While the crowd was dispersing, he had rewrapped Lar’s pieces and returned them to their safe place carefully. Sam Ah had also been wrapping and stowing Bel Al game pieces at the same time. Til Al held Lar’s box of pieces in his arms. The same four men from before dinner were standing by the table. “We are ready to return your valuables to your home, most honored cousin.”
Lar stood, “All right…let’s go.”
He followed the men as they carried his belongings back into the safety of his lower cave. Once the men had returned the board set to its resting place, the men were dismissed. Til and Lar then covered it lovingly. That board was their family treasure both as family and as gamers. Once done, Til turned and bowed again, “I swear that I have never seen such a lightning fast game. It was the total undoing of my father. But it would have been the undoing of any champion.”
“All luck… The chance of throwing double doubles six times in a row is astronomically lucky.”
“No…well…yes that was pretty unbelievable.”
“They were my rolls and I cant really believe it.”
“It was a match that will be spoken of in hushed tones for years to come.”
“Luck is still luck.”
“No, my beloved cousin…the stories will tell of your skill before the match even began…”
“What skill?”
“Your mastery will be described to have been shown in the set up.”
Lar looked baffled, “What..?”
“All who watched saw how you moved your pieces so that my father would move some of his pieces in response…”
“I was just messing with his head.”
“Well you accomplished that. He will be a long time recovering from your ummm gamesmanship.” They both laughed.
“Good night, cousin.”
“Good night, Watch Man. See you at dinner tomorrow.”
“I would not miss any of Tanta’s meals…They are a treasure to me.” They grabbed forearms in the Bed Ou fashion and parted. Lar was tired. He headed for bed.
The next evening, Lar went to his uncle’s tent. He was treated as an honored guest. After a fine meal, Lar had let his uncle beat him at Rounders. Rounders is a dice driven chase game. They played until nearly dawn. They stopped when the torches guttered and failed. Lar got up to leave, “Another great evening, Uncle.”
Bel Al was a gracious winner, “My darling nephew, it is always great to spend time with Thee.”
“As she requested at dinner, I must say good night to my aunt.” He got up, leaving his uncle in the dark.
Looking back, He saw that his uncle was reclined, puffing his hookah and blowing smoke rings at the moon.
Bel Al called to Lar across the space between the two tents, “Aiya, nephew, you will have no peace if you ignore the royal summons.”
Lar laughed as he went to his aunt’s tent and knocked on her door pole. His aunt met him in the dark out side of her tent. She pulled him inside, “Lar, ma sweet nephew. I must talk with Thee. As your mother is not here, I feel compelled to speak for her.”
They sat in the tiny tent lit by only one small lamp.She held his hand in the near darkness “How many Gatherings since our darling Han died, ma a fi’..?”
“I don’t remember, Tanta“ he lied.
“Then I will remember for Thee. It is four Gatherings since her ashes blew off the top of the Watcher. It is time to bring more life into your house.”
A tear dripped down into his beard, “My house is nothing but cold, stone caves, Tanta.”
“They are now. Your mourning time should be ended. I implore you to seek a wife when the People come to worship the Watcher and gather his tears.”
“We will see, my darling Tanta…” He hugged her and left. Tears were pouring down his face as he made his way to his bed. Like so many nights, he cried himself to sleep.




Chapter 5; The Gathering of the People

On the next morning, Lar was eating his breakfast sitting high on the Watcher’s forehead. He noticed more of the trees were red colored. Last night’s sadness forgotten, he found that he was excited. Each year, when the green leaves begin to dry and change color. Those red leaves soon turn the Dark Woods to flame. It is the signal for the People to prepare for their return to their home and to their god whom they called the Watcher.
Although, the people would not actually leave until the last leaf fell from the trees. Following their traditions, they made ready. Wherever they were, what ever they were doing, they would stop and begin their travel to the Gathering. Hunters come out of the Dark Woods and the Traders come out of the cities. They head for the well just outside the Desert Gate. For a period of days, they gather around it and prepare for the desert journey to come. When the last leaf falls, they head out taking the hard packed road that headed south deep into the Great Desert.
Once they reached the oasis which was their destination, the men’s work would cease for a time and the women’s work would start in earnest. Once inside the arms of the Watcher, the women’s job would be to gather the gems they called the Tears of the Watcher. Then, clean the stones in preparation to take them back to the Great City at the edge of the desert. These stones were taken by the People to market during Trading Time to get the goods that made their life more pleasant.
He went to begin his work. He sat in the great stone chair in the center room of the upper level of caves. He cleared his mind and thought of the People. He saw their preparations. Then, he saw her. A red haired woman who looked surprisingly like Han was staring in his direction. She was beautiful. Then a thin, dark haired boy dashed across his view and broke his concentration.
The boy sent his mind back to Gatherings in his youth. Lar remembered the excitement of this time of year. He sat and remembered how the camps would come alive.  As a boy, he had rushed with his mother or his other family to the meeting place. The timing was so strict that the Tear Master would lead who ever was at the meeting place on the selected morning out into the desert to return to their home wadi.
If anyone were late, they would have to decide whether to try the trek alone or to survive a year without anything to trade next winter. One time, Lar and Kiv had been hunting out by themselves. They had been out too far and had not heard Kiv’s father’s horn. They had gotten to camp after the others had already left.  A single large red leaf was stuck to a tree with Kiv’s father’s knife. “Oooh, I am in trouble now,” said the red haired youth.
“What does it mean?”
“It means that the Gathering has begun and I am to bring him his knife.”
“Okay…lets go.”
Kiv was frightened, “Don’t you understand? “They have left us and the well is a day and a half away.”
Lar had been over by the fire, “These coals are still warm. They must have just left.”
Kiv was suddenly energized, “I know a short cut. Let us run to catch them.” They had run all the way to the well stopping only for berries and water.
When they arrived at the well, Lar, fell into a pile of leaves under a tree, “No one is here. We are too late.” Kiv sat exhausted and stunned. They sat for two hours, scared beyond their boyhood imagining.
All of a sudden, Kiv jumped up. He grabbed Lar’s shoulder, Listen!”
They heard them before they saw them. A steady clanging of camel bells caused them to look north at a gathering cloud of dust. “Look, brother, look!”
He sat down laughing, “We beat them here.” They hugged and pounded each other on the back, “We are early, not late.” Lar laughed to him self as that memory was as fresh today as it was then.
He thought about what must be going on even in the buildings of the Great City. Kal would be gathering the people and finishing up any last business. He would be combing the bars for straggling men. Mav, his mate, would be gathering the spices and foodstuffs that he lived on while the People were away.
Lar laughed out loud to think that, at this moment, his best friend, Kiv, who would be blowing his horns and calling in all of his wide spread hunting parties. The hunts women would be striking their camps and piling the belongings and children on the carts and pack animals to be ready when the men arrive. A tornado of activity always surrounded this giant friend. Still, by all accounts, Kiv was the best hunts man in the history of the people.
Lar sat in the Watchman’s chair and watched the area around the well. He did not write what he saw, he just watched. He saw clearly as the various groups of the People began to arrive at the well. For days, they had been traveling from different parts of the Upper Kingdom. All day long that last day, groups came rushing along the many paths and roads. They greeted old friends and family members that they met at the well. They made temporary camp sites in the fields that were around the well. AS they went about their preparations, they eyes constantly drifted to the place where the hard packed road disappeared into the sands of the desert.
Lar, as he would tune in from time to time over those waiting days, would watch as hugs and handshakes are exchanged as the groups merged. Children ran to meet friends that they hadn’t seen for a while and to set up their seats for the ride out into the desert.
On the last day before his tribe’s departure, Lar broke his connection to the Watcher and got up slowly from the stone chair. He knew what would happen now. He had participated in enough Gatherings to know. He remembered how excited he would be all through that last evening. He and Kiv would watch as the Beast Master would be direct the various drivers to let their stock drink much and rest. Many discussions would be held as the women and children were distributed among the wagons and made ready for that night’s journey.
Once all of the water bags were filled, the lead camel went out. To the orchestral sound of hundreds of bells on every kind of animal from goats on up, the People turned their faces toward home.
Lar smiled to think of it, “Soon…they will be here soon.”
In the camp, it was exactly as Lar had seen it. Kiv walked among his wagons, making sure everything was ready. As he passed up and down the line, checked the ropes and various ties to make sure they were properly secured for the journey ahead. When he was satisfied, he jumped in the back of his own wagon and ate his supper.
After the evening meal, Kiv went to Kal’s wagon, rolling right behind his. “Here is the new wood that you will need, Uncle.”
Kal hoisted the piece of newly cut sapling. “It is good.”
He took a sharp knife and carved the first rune into the side. “It carves well, too. Thank you, nephew.”
Kiv bowed and resumed going up and down the long line of wagons. He had much to do. For the duration of this festival, Kiv changed jobs and became the Beast master and Chief Guardian of the People. He blew two short notes out of his horn. Soon, his men were around him.
He was pleased by the knowledge that they had the expertise with weapons and fighting needed to protect the People while they were out in the harsh desert. He sent them out to scout the first night’s trek. He looked at the setting sun. He was pleased to note that the lead camel was being directed right into it. That would guide them for the first few hours of the journey.
He looked for Tash. “Are you ready, little brother?”
“Yes, sir. Once the sun releases its hold on the evening sky, I will begin my calculations.”
Kiv nodded grimly. His brother clapped his shoulder, “Kiv…we have done this many times. I will lead us home as I have done before. Go! Set the guards. Leave me to my instruments.”
Nodding, Kiv turned to the horse men around him, “Be back by full dark! We will need you close once we are following the star light.” He waved his arm, “So… leave then.”
Saluting, they rode off on both sides of the road. They were charged with scouting and protecting the long caravan over the next few days and night’s journey into the desert on the way to Tear Wadi. Once he had met with the scouts returning from today’s forays, he would feel better about leading his caravan on their over night travels.




Chapter 6; The Return

As he had each day, Lar spent time in the chair watching his people make their way home. He had not seen the red haired woman again. Soon, she faded in his memory as his anticipation grew for the Gathering festival. It had been nearly a full moon since Bel Al had left, Lar grew tired of waiting. Suddenly filled with agitation, he was no longer content to sit. He climbed down to the sands of Tear Wadi. He walked along the shaded edge of his little world as a quiet joy filled him. Following a sandy path, he past a hot water pool and then, a cold water pool as he stalked around the edge of the circle of stone that the People called the Arms of the Watcher.
He stopped to lovingly to brush his fingers tenderly over some tiny blue flowers. They were what remained of the ones that Han had planted and tended so carefully after their first Gathering together. A few tears fell to water them once again. The flowers flourished in this shady spot. He sat and shared the shade with Han’s flowers, enjoying the added smells of the sage and scrub heather bushes nearby. He noticed that in the past few days, their fragrant leaves and stems had turned brown as well.
He smiled at what that brownness meant. To him, it was one more piece of evidence that the People were coming soon. They had not ignored the changes in the seasons. Like all members of the tribe known as the Watcher’s People, they had responded, as the ancient writings had told them to. They were coming because they believed the Promise of the Watcher. “When the trees burn without flame at the edge of the desert,” said the promise, “the People must return to worship.” In response, they were allowed to gather the Watcher's tears.
All through the hottest part of the year, he looked forward to this time and the return of his People. Now, in the cooler season before the snow comes, he knew that there would be the human stories told at the cook fires for him to write. He would add these pages to the Watcher’s history books. He was also the Keeper of the library that filled the caves that ran deep into the eyes of the Watcher.
He did notice that this hot season had been lonelier than most. It would be good to see the People again. Fre Ya must have seen this in him as well. She was a meddling woman, but she loved him. He knew she had his best interest at heart. Again, he thought of the red headed woman who the Watcher was watching. Who could she be? Why was the Watcher seeking her face among all the women of the tribe?
These last few days, he began to stay up on the top of the Watcher more often. He was intent on watching for signs. He knew that these recent cooler days would allow caravans to travel in day light more and more.
Sitting by Han’s flowers, he wondered again what could be seen. In a burst of energy he pushed himself up from the ground, brushed himself off, and went inside the lower cave to began the steep climb up the stairs behind the head of the great stone face peering out of the baking sands. Nimble as one of his mountain goats, he carefully climbed, step by step in the dark tunnels until he stood on the smooth stone of the top of the Watcher's head. Turning slowly with his hand shading his eyes, he searched the white and blue borders of his world.
With a smile, he saw in the distance, the dust of many animals. But, is it the caravan that he is waiting for? He ran down to sit in the Watcher’s chair. He rested his mind and the vision s took over. There was both Kiv and Kal on either side of the lead camel. Their path was true. He returned to sit in his favorite spot on the cool side of the forehead. Through the rest of the afternoon, he watched the cloud grow. Near dusk he began climbing down. He created a small fire of goat and camel dung. He banked it so that it would burn for a long time in case the People were slower to arrive than he had guessed.
Just as the light began to fade to purples and pinks on the far edge of the world, the first wagons and herds pulled over the gap between the last two high dunes. They dropped down the slippery sides and came to a stop right in front of the space between the two hands. This area was known as the Gate.
Lar waited by the pool at the base of the great head as the banns required. Wagon after wagon dropped down the last dune and formed a wide arc outside the wadi. Finally, the last wagon of the great caravan drew to a stop. Lar stirred the fire and threw on some more dung to bring it to flame. An old man walked into the space alone. He was always the first to greet the Watchman.
It was Kal, the Tear Master. Lar was shaken by the age showing in his father in law’s face. His hair had turned nearly completely white this year. Unable to speak, he touched the lines on the old man’s face. The old man’s hand rose to touch his face as well. Sadly, they smiled knowing too much. Both were unable to speak at first. Lar’s hand dropped. “Hello, Father.”
“I greet the Watchman in the name of the People.”
“Be blessed…”
“And Thee as well.”
The old man continued the greeting ritual. “Let us burn the old wood, for I have brought you new from your brother, Kiv.” The old man handed Lar a newly cut stick that he had been carving over the last days of travel from the Dark Woods. Lar already knew from years of past experience that Kiv would have cut it on the day he had left the forest for the well at the edge of the Great Desert.
Lar read the runes of counting that each stick must have. “It is good. We are blessed.” He threw last year’s counting stick on the little fire. After a year of drying in the sun, it flared and burned quickly. Once it was burning well, the two men embraced as old friends and went together to the cool spring. Little more was needed to be said between these men.  They had shared life and death in great measure.
Lar dipped a carved, bone-drinking cup into the cool water. He offered it to Kal. “Welcome home to Tear Wadi, old Friend. The Watcher gives water.
“From water we are born.” Replied Kal.
“The water sustains life.”
Kal continued, “Life is a blessing from the Watcher.” The old man held the cup high with his bony arms in homage to the Watcher. He whispered the final lines of the ritual greeting, "Ah.... my Friend, my Protector, my God… Thee are good and kind to protect this water for Your people. Some of Your People have passed on. The people that remain return to worship You now. May you always watch over us."
The old man drank greedily, the cool water running down both sides of his chin, drenching his shirt. Lar smiled. The two men bowed to each other. Kal walked back to pray with his family. Lar went to stand between the hands in a shadowed place where the edge of stone disappeared into the sand. Holding the new counting stick like a gate at the edge of their world, Lar stood before the kneeling tribes men and women. He raised the stick high accepted the prayers of the People for the Watcher. “The Watcher watches…” he called out to them.
“The People respond,” intoned the crowd.
“The Watcher blesses us.”
“O main…”
The People rose and came forward. One by one, the wagons stopped before entering. Each family touched both hands of the Watcher to ask the Watcher’s blessing for loved ones they had lost since the last Gathering. Some openly spoke the banns to thank Him for allowing them to return home. Finally, they all touched the counting stick as they passed through the gate to enter into the sheltered center of Tear Wadi. They believed that touching the stick was a prayer for a good harvest.
Lar stood amidst the billowing dust and a ringing of animal's bells, smiling as the parade of people passed into their home place. People went to the spots in the flat clean sand of the wadi that had been their family places since the beginning of time. They were happy.  They were well aware of the safety that enjoyed inside the curved arms of the Watcher.
Lar walked around the camp set in the shade of Watcher’s head watching Kal and Kiv as they went among the People, placing the tents, staking the animals, and finishing the touches that needed to be done to make the camp ready before al of the light was gone.
Shy children went to the pool to drink and play. Running among the adults, the children avoided the Watchman. Veiled women drew the water they needed to begin the meals and cool the animals after the journey.
After a while he climbed to a perch that he liked. It was a worn seat carved into the bridge of the Watcher’s nose. He sat and watched the bustling camp until the tents below him faded into the dark pools that formed in the shade of their God. When the camp was nothing but twinkling fires, Lar went inside to eat and sleep.
He was unaware that two eyes never left him. A woman, tall and slender, yet well formed, was unable to take her eyes off his every move. She did enough of her duties to escape the wrath of his father’s wife, but her total concentration was on the Watch man.




Chapter 7; The First Morning

As the first light came into the cave Lar returned to his seat on the bridge of the Watcher’s nose. Below him, he watched as Kal came out of his tent to begin the Gathering Time Festival. He was surprised to see the Watchman already in his seat where he had last seen him. He called up, Have Thee sat there all night long, my son?”
“No, father, I have just arrived. It comforts me to see all of you here at home.”
“Will Thee break thy fast at my humble table, son?”
“I would be delighted.” Lar leaped nimbly from the nose into an eye socket cave and soon, reappeared coming from the mouth opening. They hugged warmly and proceeded to the older man’s tents. Just before entering, Lar was surprised to catch a brief glimpse of the red haired woman from the vision of the gathering at the Desert Well. She stopped only for a second to stare at him. Then, she was gone.
Kal, Kiv, and Lar sat easily together. As they ate their boiled grain and fruit, they talked and laughed and retold old stories. That is until, the post meal coffee was brought in by a red haired beauty. Lar dropped his cup as he recognized her. He jumped up, “Aiya!!!” He told himself that she could not be Han, but except for the different color of hair, she was the exact likeness of his dead wife.
“I am so sorry, sir,” she said quietly, brushing at his clothing.
“Who…?”
Kal’s wife swept in, pushing the girl aside. “She is an insignificant girl…We are so sorry for her clumsiness!”
The spell of the meal was broken. Lar looked around him. Lar shook his head as if to clear it. “Well…good sirs, shall we begin?”
He lead the elders across the sands to the base of the mountain. They knelt together to intone a brief prayer. Proceeding into the dark mouth of their god, a long line of people formed up behind them. Stronger men had large bundles of sticks. Some carried ornate sandle wood boxes. These boxes held the ashes of People who had died since the last Gathering. Women carried bundles of fragrant shrub they had collected in the Great Forest to honor this moment. Silently, the little parade followed Lar up the well-worn steps to the top of the Watcher.
Lar waited for them all to reach this level, then went on ahead of them to the front of the plateau. He sat in another carved stone chair in front of a rectangular depression that had been carved down into the head. Following centuries of tradition, the pyre was built. The depression was filled with the bundles of wood that had been carted across the desert. The ash bundles were arranged carefully on top of that pile. Some unburned bodies were placed there as well. Four men had brought a large jug of oil to fill the depression.
As he was approaching his son in law sitting stiffly on the Watcher’s throne, Kal thought how sad Lar looked. Maybe this year he will replace his mate. “Again, I greet Thee in the name of the People.”
“And I greet the People in the name of the Watcher.”
Lar stood and faced the sun. He drew his hood forward to hide his eyes from the men. “Oh, Watcher, Lord of our tiny world, bless Your People in this gathering time.”
“O mein…” intoned the gathered few.
Kiv opened a carved box that he had brought. He poured the ashes of his mother down the center of the pyre. “We return the remains of those passed on in the away time.”
“The Watcher accepts their return.”
Kiv handed him an oil soaked bundle of sticks. Lar noticed that a name had been carved in hunts men runes on each stick. A bird’s nest was jammed over the end of the bundle as a fire starter. Kiv struck stone to steel. The spark leaped into the nest. A coal burned down into the nest. The nest began to smolder. Kiv blew on the coals and a small flame quickly spread to the bundle of sacred sticks. The bundle holds one stick to mark each dead soul that season. Lar wrote the names in a book for safekeeping. Kiv put the book into the carved box.
Lar waved his arm at the crowd. They began to make their way down to the ground. Once there, they joined their families kneeling in the sand. Once they were safely below, Kiv threw the bundle on to the pyre. When the oil soaked wood of the pyre caught, they headed down te steps, shooing goats away from the heat. The leaders went down the steps to wait. Lar and Kal burned a special stick together for the Watchman's lost mate and Kal’s lost daughter. Kal was sad, too, as this had been his eldest daughter that they now mourned.
The banns having been met, the People turned to begin the gathering. At the bottom of the face of their god, the women waited to be released. Lar went up the stairs to the seat at the bridge of the Watcher’s nose. Through the long day, until the dune shadow reached the hands gate. Lar watched from his seat as each woman touched the counting stick held by Kal and headed out to begin gathering.
The men went about their work of tending the animals. The women headed outside over the hidden hands to the hot sands out side of the wadi. Kal thought back to a conversation with his mother, “Why can’t the men gather stones, too?”
She smiled softly, “The banns say that the tears cannot be touched by men until they have been cleaned in the blood of a new lamb.”
“What would happen?”
“We don’t know…something bad… I do not wish to find out. Now, scoot, I have work to do.”
That ended that. He watched as the women hurried to their work outside of the arms of the Watcher. They appeared as large dots against the dun colored landscape as they began to search for the stones along the surface of the hot sand.  The men set about driving the animals out along the dry streambed were scrub brush fed them and shallow sink pools watered them. The men looked often at their women, hoping that their mate would be the lucky one to kind the best tears.
As Lar watched the tiny dots moving to and fro, there would be an occasional whoop of joy and a woman would hold one high to the cheers of the others.  Then the stone would be placed in a basket tied cleverly to their billowing skirts. Encouraged by each find, the rest would look harder hoping they would be next.




Chapter 8; Jin

As the day wore on the women fanned out farther and farther from the camp.  One the youngest ones, on her first hunt was named Jin.  She was the youngest of Kal's daughters.  She had little luck and was hot and tired.  In the shade of a scrub bush she turned to gaze at the Watcher.  From childhood she had been taught not to look at the Watcher with her eyes, but with her soul.
In the shimmering heat she squinted at the far off rock. A hazy image of a face came to her out of focus. Under these conditions, the face of the Watcher was plain to see. Rocky irregularities became wrinkles on the forehead and well-placed bushes became eyebrows. Twin caves were spaced midway down the face. She knew these to be the home of the Watchman and his mate. From this distance, they looked just like deep set eyes.  The last part of the image was a smooth flow of stone running down between the caves that made a nose.  No mouth was seen, but the People knew when he spoke.  Huge cracks would form in the sand for miles around, and the ground would rumble and shake for hours.
On either side of the nose, two small streams trickled down to a pool in the base of the rock. Because of certain angles of stone, the water of the streams and most of the pool stayed in the shadow of the Watcher’s head all day. This kept the water as cold as it could be. This coolness made a great contrast to the steaming hot pools that bubbled up from deep beneath the caverns. Both pools were especially valued as the People tried to survive the burning desert that surrounded Tear Wadi.
Jin looked around at the rock formation of more flowing stone. It went out either side from the head, out and around to form almost a circle nearly a half mile across. Because from afar off the stone looked like shoulders, the People called these out croppings of stone the arms of the Watcher. Jin knew that these shoulders provided additional shade and wind protection for the tents and the animals of the People. They always camped within this protection to stay near the sweet water that created Tear Wadi.
She remembered the fire side tales told of how many years ago, her ancestors had carefully brought date palms, rice, and other desert plants to the pool. These had grown into a verdant tiny paradise on either side of the shoulder’s shade. Over the years, the people had dug the pool out wider and flatter to grow the rice that the Watchman and his family needed to live on while the People were away at their other trades.
The wind whipped a dust devil across her line of sight to break her concentration. With a shake, she returned to her work, shuffling among the other women, staring and searching among the tan rocks in the burning sand for the hidden treasures that would make their year in the Great City good or bad.
Then she saw him. First, she saw his red hair contrasted against the gray stone of the Watcher’s face. For some reason, Lar took this moment to join with the Watcher to look out to judge the look of the People. He closed his eyes and the eyes of the Watchman took over. In an instant, he could clearly see the girl who was looking at him. The shape and the color of hair was familiar and his heart pained him so much that he almost broke the connection.
The shape of the face was too familiar to him. He was moved by her lythe body. He watched her as she moved. Something stirred within him that he thought had been many years dead. Lar decided to wath this young woman. He told himself that perhaps he might discover the source of the Watcher’s interest in her. Of immediate interest to Lar, she was also looking at him just then.
He saw her jump. "Back to work you lazy girl...  Do you think these tears will gather themselves?" A switch struck her backside. Although most of the blow was absorbed by her clothes, Jin spun around to look at the woman attached to the switch. Lar recognized her assailant as Kal’s current mate, Mav.
She attempted to ignore the woman. “Jin..? Do not attempt to ignore me. “
“Jin…” Lar said to himself, “Han had a baby sister named Jin. Could this lovely woman be that child from his past?”
He returned his interest to Jin and Mav, Jin’s father's new woman. Lar knew from stories the animas between them. Gossipers ahd told him that Jin would not call Mav her father's mate. Some whisperers said that Mav was barely older than Jin. Many people said she was a witch. She was always looking for an excuse to punish Jin.
Just then, Lar saw a small boy ran up and pull on the older woman’s skirts. It was Tun, Mav's new boy child. Her attention immediately turned to the needs of her beloved son. Testing the patience of her husband’s daughter was forgotten.
Jin shook her head and walked away. Lar was reminded of Tun’s first moments. As the Watch Man, Lar had peeked into the women’s tent on the day of Tun’s borning. He had the manly good sense to skip the hours of screaming and crying. Lar watched as Mav sat propped up by many clean pillows, her hair a mantle of sweat. She beamed proudly as Kal was ushered into the sacred place. With a clean knife, he cute the cord tied in ribbons sticking out from the baby’s abdomen. He held the shivering boy child high over his head. The women in the tent applauded.
Kal stroked the baby’s head. He leaned in to whisper to the mother, “What shall I give Thee on this borning day.”
She batted her long eye lashes at him, “I wish to be your only woman. Zet must go.”
He pulled back, shocked, “W.. what..?”
She pulled him back close by the front of his robes, looking at Kal with feverish intent. She got her mouth right next to his ear so that the women in the borning tent would not hear her plea, “I took Thee into my bed. I gave Thee the prized boy child that you desired for your heir.”
“Yes… Yes you did.”
“Now…I wish only this tiny thing.”
The rest of the story had cometo Lar from the gossipers. The stories were told how Kal had left Mav’s tent in consternation. He requested an immediate consultation with the Saddushan, the Keepers of the Rote. Tyl, the Head Saddush, met with him by the pool in the shade of a date palm. The Saddush was popping newly dried dates into his mouth between words. He sat and chewed as the old man poured out his story. “Okay…go over to your tent. I will think on this.
Jin was serving her father a cool drink when a boy came, “Tear Master…the Saddush wishes to speak at you.”
Kal had hurried to the pool to sit before the judge. The judge was washing his face and hands with a cool cloth. Kal sat patiently until the Saddush was ready to speak. Finally, the larger man turned his attention to Kal,  “I have decided.”
“And…”
“Don’t be impatient…I say…” With a pause for dramatic effect and sweeping gesture of his right arm, “Yes… she is within her right to ask this thing.”
“Really..?”
“Yes… When a woman delivers a boy child of a man…” He popped a date into his mouth and chewed thoughtfully.
“You mean my new son, Tun..?”
“Yes…Okay… of course…Tun.”
Kal nodded, “Hmmmm.”
“And that man’s other woman has born no males…” The Saddush paused to eat another date.
“Yes…yes???”
“By the Rote, you are allowed and perhaps, even obliged to take the boy’s mother into your tent as your first woman.”
That settled it. Lar was told that Kal had taken Mav as his main woman and sent Jin's mother, Zet, to the widow's tent. To his love addled brain, the Rote told him that this problem was Zet’s own fault. By only birthing daughters, Zet had failed both him and the tribe. She had really caused this herself, he told himself. She had failed to give me my male heir. She had forced me to divorce her in this way and to take another mate for myself. Who would carry my line forward. He had convinced himself that his actions were vindicate.
Lar turned his attention back to Jin. He watched her slowly pick her way toward a group of widows. While everyone else was at the funeral, they had used the cool hours of early morning to set up a tent to rest in during the heat that would come later. It was thread bare and homely, but its shade would be a healthy place for the oldest women to rest in from time to time. It was pitched at the farthest outside edge of the arms, near a small pool of water. The life of a widow among the People was a hard life, but, by making use of their experience and wits, they could continue to survive.
Jin looked at Mav. Lar knew that by contrast, the life of the Tear Master’s wife was as easy as a widow’s life was hard. Since Mav knew she would receive a portion of any stone that any one found, she only made a show of hunting. Jin was glad that today had turned up sunny and hot. Mav’s innate laziness fed her lack of interest in abusing Jin. Lar was amused as the younger woman hurried away from the whiny voice as if she had heard nothing. Tun took off in another direction. Chasing Tun, Mav seemed to forget all about annoying the younger girl any farther.
Lar watched as Jin identified her mother. Lar saw that Zer was in a small group of widows searching among the picked over areas where they were allowed to look. Lar imagined that Jin must miss her mother very much. But, with the help of the Law, her father's act was final. Nothing could bring Zet back into the camp but a remarriage and this was unlikely. Mav was young and liked her life in the Tear Master’s tent.
Zet had another path back into camp life, but with out a son, there was no chance. Old people without tears or animals went to live in the tents of their oldest son. Usually, if the man or woman was difficult to live with, that son would pay some tears or animals to buy a mate to care for them. She kicked a rock, “If I’d only been a son, she could have lived with me.” Then, she looked, the rock turned out to be a rather large tear. This potentially rich stone would have been enough to end her search. She almost held the tear up and was all prepared to give the yululuing call that signaled a major find.
But, in a stroke of genius, Lar noticed that she remained silent. Now, he was truly interested in what might happen next. Lar knew that, by remaining silent, Jin could steer the result of this find. He was guessing that by the stern set of her jaw and the daggers she was shooting out of her eyes as she watched her step mother chase er little brother. He guessed that Mav would not even know about this jewel.
All of the small tears that she had found all day were now forgotten. This huge rock went into her pocket as a gift for her mother. Acting nonchalant, she slowly made her way toward the area she had last seen her mother. Occasionally she would catch a glimpse of the widows hobbling far out away from the Watcher where tears were few and dangers greater from desert gas bubbles.
She knew this tear would change her mother’s life. Usually, the tiny tears that the widows found did not pay for trinkets, but to buy their food for the year ahead. If it was a bad year of searching, the widows’ life grew proportionately harder.
Jin passed near her mother and dropped all of the littler stones in her mother’s path, “Here, mother…these will ease your day.”
Her mother bent and picked up the stones, “Bless you baby girl. I love Thee.”
“And I love Thee…”
“Mother take a slow turn and meet me inside the resting tent.”
“Why, dear one?”
“Please!?!” Jin replied, ignoring the question. She kept walking. Lar watched her make a slow circle of the picking field and entered the resting tent. Lar watched her mother pick up the small tears and follow quickly. Jin was glad to see that the tent was empty. He saw her sit in the shaded.semi darkness. Captured by her beauty, he watched her as she unwrapped her burqa from her head and shoulders to wait for her mother.
He watched her turn the stone in her small hands as she waited. Her searching was done for today. This stone was a year’s work. She knew how much her mother would need this gift. She held her stone up to the Watcher, “Thank you Watcher…for these Thy blessings.”
Her mother came in unwrapping the layers of gauze of her head coverings, “What could be…so… impor… tant? Aiya, daughter, you are holding a sultan’ s ransom! “
“No, mother…It is your ransom. It is a bride price for you to return to the camp.”
“I cannot take this. You found it.”
“If I take this to my father, Mav will use her witch craft to take it and keep it for herself. If that happens, neither of us will have a bride price.”
Tears of pride flowed down the old woman’s face. Just then, they heard the blast from a ram’s horn. Everyone around them stopped also for midday repast. Soon, the tent would be full. “You must go, child.” She knew that Jin was required to have all the food and drink ready when Mav brought her royal self in to eat at her husband’s side.
They hugged fiercely and she left, headed out to her father’s tent. Zet waited until her daughter had gone, then poured fresh blood into a huge bowl. She placed all of the tears in the bowl. She covered it with a bit of shawl and placed it in the corner of the tent where it would go unnoticed. She spread a blanket on the center of the floor and spread bowls of fruit and breads that had been prepared earlier for this meal. When the others were sleeping, she prepared her daughter’s finds. She had a plan.
When Jin had completed her father’s meal, she left. She knew how painful it was to watch them eat together as a happy family. It would sicken her if she had to watch that woman feed her son and her father as if they were both children fed from her magic hands. She heard Mav calling for her, but she had years of practice ignoring that woman. She slipped between tents and escaped like a ghost.
She found a quiet corner of shade under a bush. She ate alone in the safety of her hide out. While in there, the horn blew for the afternoon nap. She shrugged, “The Watcher blesses,” she tittered into her hands. Kiv had decided that over whelming heat meant that the hunting was too dangerous and the women were done for today. She found that she was surprisingly tired from her labors in the sun. She slept for several hours. Waking, she stretched.
Climbing to her feet, she headed for a quiet wash in one of the hot pools on the women’s side of the camp. Tall, clever cloth and stick walls made an area of privacy that the women needed. Just before she slipped inside, she saw through the bushes between them, the Watchman heading across the camp toward the widow’s tent. All thoughts of bathing her feet were forgotten. She took a parallel path to follow him. She could see that hidden in his robes was a large volume of foodstuffs. She smiled at his generosity. She continued following at a safe distance behind him. She ducked from one tent corner to another.
She couldn’t take her eyes off him. She loved his soft curls, his strong hands clutching the bounty that he carried to both her and his mother who lived together among the widows. He left the camp and she had to stop at the last tent. She sat in the shadow and ate a crust of bread from her pockets, waiting for his return.




Chapter 9; A Visit to the Widows

Lar paid no attention to his observers. He was used to being watched where ever he went in his little fiefdom. He concentrated on getting his load to the widows. As he passed people placed tears in his pockets.
They would whisper, “A Blessing shared.”
“Lar replied, …is a blessing doubled.”
At the end of gathering, Lar would give them to Kiv. Through out the year between gatherings, Kiv would use the jewels to feed his mother and the other widows living at the edge of the hunting camp. Again, Kiv had brought him new grains and spices for use after they left. Lar was bringing some of that bounty now to his mother and her friends. He failed to notice his red haired shadow. He was on a mission. His mother lived in the widow’s tent. No matter about his thoughts, they were of the People and the People had their own ways. He knew the way of it all. He walked around the tent to the door on the shaded side.
As soon as he entered the shabby dwelling, some of the women quietly relieved him of his burdens and touched his face in silent affection. As dead women, they were unable to speak to an unmarried man. They all knew that the People always filled his jars with more food than any man could eat in a year. The women moved the extra food into their jars for safekeeping. They would eat well for a time. Lar would see to that.
His mother cared not for those banns. She would speak to any who would speak to her. Mostly, though, out in the high desert, no one spoke to any of the widows. She drew him to a cool seat beneath the threadbare tents. They sat comfortably together in the shadows to eat their midday meal.
“I thank the Watcher for the food, child.”
“We have plenty, Mother. You must share in my bounty as my life giver.”
“And we have love…”
“Yes, mother. We will always share our love.”
You must call me Lov now. I am widowed and your mother is dead.”
“To Gehenna with that talk. You are my mother for now and for always.”
She laughed through her tears, “I am blessed to have you for my son.”
He took her hand and smiled, “Shared blessings are doubled.”
“You are my blessing, my dear, dear baby boy…”
Sitting in a circle, they all their heads and raised their food toward the mountain. “Bless the Watcher…” intoned the women.
“And the Watcher blesses us.” returned Lar.
“Son..?”
“Yes, Mother?”
“Thee have been alone too long inside our mountain.”
“Mother…” he said reproachfully.
“Your father and I spent many days and nights in that old cave. We filled it with love just as you and your blessed Han did.”
“I remember. I remember too well.”
“Thee must not forget… Thee must go on and build a new life…”
“Not possible…”
“Thee must try to begin again.”
“Please mother…” They had spent too much time on this topic recently.
“Still…I have a need to hold my grandchildren…”
A tear of remembrance coursed down his dusty cheek. “Your grand child took my Han from me.”
“No…”
“I know…” he said softly.
“She loved you. She would have wanted your love to live on…”
“But it didn’t,” he said bitterly.
“No.. it didn’t.” She took his big hand in her two tiny ones, “But…love lives on!”
“Sure…”
“It is true, my son. I have seen the way that little red headed girl looks at you…follows you every where…”
“Girl…what girl?”
Zet piped in, “My baby Jin.”
“Mother! Zet!”
Zet continued, “She is a good girl.  Look at the stones that she passed to me this morning. These will ease the life of the forgotten women this trading time.”
Lov smiled at her old friend. She held Lar’s face in her old hands, looking at him with a mother’s fire, “She is the spitfire that could rekindle your heart. Han would want you to live well.”
Zet nodded, adding, “I have seen it too…She loves you.” She went over to the side of the tent, “I have something to show your mother.” She unfolded the cloth. She let the cleaned tear roll off into Lov’s lap.
“What is this?”
“Jin’s bride price.”
“Really..?”
“Really. You take this sultan’s ransom to brain damaged ex-husband. He will plotz him self and the witch…she’d sell her son for a rock like this… Its my Jin’s best chance to get her own tent… or cave as the case may be.”
Lov smiled. “I see the value of this.”
Lar looked exasperated, “Don’t I get a vote?”
“Pshaw… No man gets a vote in this matter.”
“Mother!!!”
“Son…Let me handle this… Just ask Kal for a meeting. Tell him that I will be there. Meet  ”
With a resigned sigh, he kissed his mother and rose to head for his cave. “All right, Mother…”
With a last wave, he crossed the Watcher’s hands and turned out of sight behind the rising rocks of the Watcher’s arms. As the women prepared to clean their tent before heading in to their regular campsite, one of them stopped and pointed at where Lar had been sitting, “Look, Sisters.”
“Oh, my baby… my beautiful baby boy…” His mother fell to her knees. In the spot where he had been sitting was a pile of cleaned thumb sized stones, more than enough for them to live through this year. Lov knew from a life time with his father that they were stones that the People had slipped into Lar’s pockets as worship.
Jin’s mother, Zet, put her hand on Lar’s mother’s shoulder, “Cleaned stones do not have to be shared with the Tear Master or that young witch, Mav.” The old women laughed. The stones were divided equally among the various wrinkled hands. The stones were secreted among the folds of their clothing. They put sober faces on as they went quietly back to their tents.
Returning from his visit to the widow's tent, Lar walked down to the cold pool for a drink and passed the Tear Master's tent.  Not looking where he was going, he ran into the red headed girl. She was the one that he had been watching as she had been staring at the Watcher earlier. He felt her soft form and held her strong arms to prevent her from falling. He smiled, “Jin, is it?”
“I am so sorry, Watch Man. I was not watching where I was going… so sorry. My name… you know my name?”
Now he remembered seeing her as a child with flaming hair on the day he had gone to Kal's tent to claim his beloved Han for his own.
“Yes…” he laughed, “It is all over the widow’s tent about the stone you stole from your father to give to the widows.”
“I…I…”
“Guilty I guess…you shall have to be dealt with…”
“No… Yes…” Her face now was redder than her hair.
He looked very serious. “This is a serious charge…”
“Excuse me?”
“Hmmm…” He rubbed his jaw. “I don’t know what we should do…”
“Do?”
“Actually, I think I am just jealous.”
“What..?”
“Yes…that’s it exactly… I am jealous. You gave your mother more stones than I gave mine.”
She sputtered, unable to follow this new turn in the conversation. “Yes… I shall have to think more about my feelings…”
Suddenly, she looked up at his face. She saw the broad grin and relief flooded her body. She had broken several old banns to get those stones to her mother. She leaped up and kissed him full on the mouth.  She jumped down and ducked into the back of her father’s tent.
He just stood there stunned. His faced burned at the spot of her impact on his lips. His eyes swelled remembering those deep green eyes.  The lithe figure of Han’s little sister was now well grown in to full womanhood. He shook his head to clear his vision well enough to see, smiled and went on.
She looked back out at his back. “That went well,” she said to no one. Avoiding Mav, she headed for the cook tent to help with supper.




Chapter 10; The First Evening

As the evening sun touched the edge of the world, Lar stood at the peak of the rock formation. He held the horn to his lips and created the sound that the women had been waiting for. When the ram’s horn sounded over the desert, their hunting time for the first day had ended. Exhausted women turned from their hunting and shuffled quietly back to their campfires to begin supper.
As the evening darkness grew, the torches were lit. In every tent, Bowls were filled and cleaning of jewels began. Lar moved down the worn stone steps to sit in the dark in his chair between the two eyes of the Watcher. From this perch, he feel the excitement more than he could see it. Mav came in behind him. Kal made  a work area with a table. It had one chair on the watcher’s side. Mav sat in the chair. Kal walked around in the torch light as people lined up to have their jewels weighed and judged.
On the far side of the table was a rough bench. People came into the circle by the opening nearest the Watcher. Kal handed a silver knife in a leather sheath to his wife. The polished tip of the handle flashed in the last light from the dying day. Mav, the witch, held the feet of a new lamb high. With a quick movement, she drew the sharp blade from the sheath and whipped it across the squirming beast’s neck. Warm, sticky blood spurted from opening. Soon the catch basin at their feet was full.
Kal’s part in the cleaning was done. He left the circle, and shooing the men before him, went to his tent to rest up for the bargaining to begin.  This was the best part of Kal's year. The power to bestow richness or poverty all in one moment was his alone. A family’s fortune might have been made in one fell day.
One by one the women who had not cleaned their own stones, brought their finds to Mav.  The brown stones were washed and cleaned. After being softened in the lamb’s blood, the covering softened. Mav made a small slice with the brown covering and the jewels slipped out. The pile of brown coverings grew on the floor on both sides of Mav’s chair. Moving quickly, Mav handed back each stone once the lamb's blood showed the true color of the stones.
Squeals of joy were heard for green or red stones, or gasps of disappointment as the pale blue of less valuable stones appeared in the rinse water.  Once rinsed, the women hid their treasures into the folds of their cloaks and hurried to the Tear Master's tent. Together, out side of Kal’s tent a line was forming of families waiting for Kal to fondle, taste, examine and last (this part taking forever, it seemed) to think deeply about the value of their stones.
Soon the cleaning line was empty. All of the stones had been cleaned and the entire camp was waiting.  After a few moments in the hot sun, the ones at the back of the line put their stones in bags with their family mark on them and secreted them inside their clothing. They drifted off to their own tents to begin dinner. The area around Kal’s tent grew silent as the people went home to a quick, silent meal. Which ever child was left in line to mark a space watching as the shadow of the dunes crept to the bottom edge of the Watcher’s mouth.
Inside the Tear Master’s tent, valuations were made and recorded. Smaller gems were traded to pay the fees. The men were forbidden to participate in the cleaning of the stones, but took an active role in the valuation and negotiations. Killing time, he headed for the tent of Kiv. It was at the far side of the camp from Kal and the activities of the first night of Gathering.
People were happy about the good harvest. The music of stringed instruments and song blew around the camp grounds in the swirling light evening winds. Laughter and stories were being enjoyed at other fire sides. It was easy to spot Kiv’s tent. Instead of cloth and bright silks, Kiv and his people’s tents were made of wild animal skins with the hair still on them. His tent bore the spots and stripes of the strange beasts that made up his work in the Great Forest.
As he drew close to Kiv’s tent, the smells of men and cooking of wild meats grew stronger. Kiv was always hot, so all of the tent sides were put up to let in the cooling air from the evening desert. Tonight, Kiv was the lord of his domain, sitting between his two sons. Lar was given the place of honor and a large flask of juice.
His woman, Zil, had been one of the kids that ran in their group through out their shared child hoods. She was a large woman with golden hair and a beautiful face. She knelt by his knee for a blessing.
He put his hands on her head, “Zil, my darling friend. Thee has already been blessed. Thee has had a life time of love and children. May the Watcher give you many more children to help you care for this beast that you have married.”
She laughed with the crowd, and kissed his hands. She wiped away a tear. “He aint so bad. I know how to keep him in line.” He swung a mock blow in her direction as the crowd laughed again. She clapped her hands. A line of girls and boys brought huge bowls of vegetables and rice and platters of some mysterious great beast that Kiv had brought from the Dark Woods just for this meal with Lar. They sat around the room filling the tent. The tent sides were flapped up to let in the cooling breezes.
Kiv took the biggest platter. “This meat is your favorite, Blood Cat heart. It was killed my son’s hand. I have saved this feast for my oldest and dearest friend.” He waved his hand grandly over to Lar. He handed the steaming plate to his friend for the first piece.
“Thank you, my brother. The Watcher has blessed your hunts.”
“Mostly, He blesses me by returning His People home to Tear Wadi and your dear company, brother.”
Lar raised his cup, “Bless the Watcher.”
“And the Watcher blesses us in return,” intoned the crowd. They ate and laughed, enjoying the night and the anticipation of a good gathering tomorrow and good stories tonight.
As usual, Kiv has set the Huntsmen’s camp at the far edge of the oasis. Kiv lived as his father had on the edge of what the People called civilized life. His job was to provide the wild meat that added to the diet of the People. He and his men spent their away time hunting while Kal took the rest of the People to the Trading time in the Great City. It made them a wild and unruly bunch. As the night progressed, the party got louder and less formal. The men spent the night telling increasingly more raucous stories of the hunter’s life in the Dark Woods.
It was a good arrangement. Kiv and his men could not stand the crowds and closeness of the city life. And all of the huntsmen lead by Kal and Kiv understood that some one must go to the city and some one must stay outside to pursue other interests. The city markets were the only way to get the best prices for the stones. Kal did not mind leaving the huntsmen behind. In contrast, Kal hated hunting. So he recognized the value of the interesting meat flavors.
Lar had heard the stories. He remembered how, even when they were boys, they had grown bored easily in the city. They had preferred the adventures of hunt to trade negotiations. And whenever Kiv’s men went to town, they spent most of their time causing trouble and fighting with every one they could find.
Kiv, like his father before him, cared nothing for the jewel business, preferring the chase and gather of the hunting life. It was a solution that was good for all. Too many of Kiv’s jewels ended up in the magistrate’s hands to keep Kiv or one of his men out of jail.
As they finished their evening tasks, the hot, tired women looked over at Kiv’s tent. They made little clucking sounds with their mouths as they returned to their tents. One said to another, “We work all day, and this is how they spend the gathering time.”
“Ah…to be a man…”
“Nah…Ne…they cannot find true wealth as we can…”
The other clicked her tongue in return, “Still… Every year, it’s the same. Look at them, they’ll be at this all night.”
The first shook her head, “I’m so tired that I don’t even care about the silliness of men tonight. For tomorrow comes and with it another day on the baking desert sands awaits us.” Nodding, they gathered their children, prepared their meals and went to sleep in the gathering gloom.
Among the men and the older children at the Huntsmen’s tent, Kiv and Lar shared the stage alternately recalling or creating grand stories of child time hunts with Kiv’s father, the old Beast Master. As the night passed and the drinking grew, the tales grew wilder and farther from the truth of it. Elaborate stories that Kiv held forth of this year’s hunts had the men yelling and adding details until all were spent with laughter.
In the dark, leaning against the tent poles or on each other, young people of both genders sat and laughed quietly at the stories. This was the best of life in the plain days of toil that was their life together. The People would always be the best storytellers.
One listener, however, cared nothing for the skill or craft of story telling. She was only listening for the one voice raised in laughter or in retort to a barb or to clarify an even wilder rendition of some bald faced lie being thrown between the stars of the evening, Kiv and Lar. The shape in the darkness was Jin, shrunken and small, in her evening robes. She had come early to set herself perfectly as to be able to watch Lar’s every move. She never took her eyes off the way the light from the fire or the lamps played off his face as he laughed and lied with his best friend.
Her heart was on fire. The longer she looked, the more she burned within to see his face as he laughed and told his lies. Soon, listening to his voice, she could take no more. Also, she was tired from her hard day. She curled up there amongst her friends and family. She pushed a pile of the warm sand to make a pillow and pulled her wooly evening robes tight. Soon, she was fast asleep, dreaming of a tall, kind man as she lay the among the children piled around her. Her fancies were of a red headed man who might come for her Shivaree some day.
Inside the center circle, the men only cared that the wine was good and the stories filled with the joy of a life well spent. Gradually, all of the men had drifted off to sleep somewhere in the night. With a start, Lar awoke and looked around surprised, “The sky has gone pink. I have wasted another night with this wastrel.” He shook the giant man next to him.
Kiv stirred himself. “Wha… Oh! Leaving so soon, my brother? I will see Thee out.” He walked Lar out to the edge of his campsite. He stretched wide and laughed at the sleeping crowd that they had attracted.
Lar poked his friend’s arm, “We gather many flies with our sweet memories.”
“Ah…they were legendary, grand days, for sure, my brother.”
Lar laughed, “Or…at least the way we remember them, they were.”
“My memory is perfect.” Laughter came softly from the listeners.
“Or, may be we just tell the best lies.” More laughter.
Kiv shoved him back slightly, “Why…my stories of the purest truth.”
Lar laughed, “Yes, my brother… “
“I am so hurt…” the crowd is enjoying the interplay between these two great story tellers.
Lar blew a smoke ring at his cousin, “You tell the kind of true stories where the truth is impossible to verify.”
Kiv struck a dramatic pose, “My heart is pure as my stories.”
Lar hugged his friend and they laughed again, pounding each other on the back, “May the Watcher always bless this tent, my brother.”
“May you always enter it as my brother first and my friend always.”
“Good morrow… good hunting for your mate and your daughters.”
“Sleep well, brother…”
“And Thee…”
Lar picked his way among the sleeping bundles on the ground as he made his way to the stairs of his home. In the pink and yellow light of a new morning, one the bundles rose like a dancer in the mist. Her hood fell back revealing hair of burnished copper and gold. With out a word, she touched his hand. A fire leaped between them from the small, brown hand like a spark, “Good sun rise, Watch Man.” She said quietly, her voice like midnight silk.
He pulled his hand back into his sleeve. The breaking of the connection was just as electric. He tried to speak, but the drink and the story telling had taken most of his voice this day. “Good hunting, little sister,” he croaked.
Leaving only a golden laugh behind, she turned and walked, as only a woman in full flower can, toward her father’s tent. She felt his eyes burning on her back. At her father’s door, she turned her eyes of endless, sapphire green back at him. “I guess the blood cat’s gotten Thy tongue, Sir.”
He stuttered but could make no retort. He only knew that it wasn’t the sun that lit the entire wadi but her beautiful gaze burning into his heart. His mouth had gone dry and his need for her exploded. He sat down in the sand with a thump.
She laughed again and disappeared into her father’s tent to make the break fast meal. He just sat there. The memory of her eyes stayed like a scar on his mind.
Kiv was leaning on one of his tent poles. He had seen the whole thing. He smiled at his friend. That little red headed girl was just what his cousin needed. And those green eyes! Would those eyes be the ones to bring new life to the Watcher's caves? That was the question. “I hope so…” he muttered. “ May the Watcher bless this union to full flower,” he whispered as he went off to find a place behind a tree to relieve his own needs.
The words of the Watch man rang true. Jin went out with the other women to answer the call of Kiv’s horn. Lar closed his eyes and the Watcher’s vision took over. He saw Jin note where Mav was going. He chuckled to himself as she headed for the opposite side of the hunting grounds. She found bits of this and that. She collected them, but, now that she knew her mother was going to be well cared for, she was just going through the motions. Then, just before he got bored, he saw what she saw. Jin saw a broad flat chip of a stone. They both had heard stories of how the heat of the geiser would crack a stone. The jewelers in the Great City loved these chips as well.
He watched as she bent to pick it up. Through their joined vision, he watched her triy to work her fingers around the edges but, she just kept feeling more stone. Jin got down on her knees to dig around it. People noticed her working. As she dug, Lar saw that a crowd began to grow around her.
“Look…it is huge!” he heard one of the women say.
“Careful Jin…Don’t lose it.
The faster she dug, the more it seemed to sink into the sand.
“Aiya…she is digging over a gas bubble. Lov ran to her and began digging beside her. Her mother went to the other side and did the same. Unable to contain his excitement for her, Lar broke the connection and began moving toward her. He no longer cared about the stone. He did not care that the more the sand flew around the women, the greater the stone appeared to be. Other widows moved forward to grasp the clothing of the three women who were digging rapidly over a growing hole in the sand.
“Aiya…the smell!” said one of the women. Lar was also worried. If there was an explosion, Jim could join several of her tribes women who had perished. She was too new to the hunt to know about gas pockets trapped in the sand. Jin had heard of the danger, but she was too involved in this capture to worry about a little gas.
“What is that? . rotten eggs?”
“The ancient writings say that the gas is the rotten remains of infidels or even of men who dared touch the Watcher’s jewels before they are cleaned.” Said one of the oldest widows who was leaning on her nieces shoulder watching the excitement.
Finally, Jin yelled to her helpers, Hold me…I’m going in!”
Her mother and her future mother in law grabbed her clothing. Jin jammed her hands almost to her shoulders into the sand. “Pull!!!” she cried.
Her mother cried, “Help us!!! The other women made a chain around and behind all three women. They fanned out, pulling with all their might. Slowly, with a hiss of horrible smelling gas, a very irregularly shaped stone came out of the ground. The release of the stone caused everyone to fall backward, dragging Jin and her precious cargo away from the hole.
Air rushing in ignited the gas in an explosion. Luckily for all involved, the gas burned out quickly. The women had fallen far enough away that they were safe. Jin was protected from most of the flame by her rock which was wider than she. The flames shot out the hole high into the air.
Kiv, having been alerted to a possible problem, saw the crowd of women working. He had nearly reached the gate when the explosion rocked their tiny world. He kept running toward the commotion. He blew his horn to end the morning’s hunting. Now, men were allowed on the hunting field. Lar passed him at the gate, running full out.
When he got there, he found women brushing themselves off and laughing. In an instant, ignoring all the others,Lar was on his knees by Jin. He placed her head gently in his lap. He brushed her hair out of her face, checking her for burns. He took several deep breaths before he tried to speak, “Are Thee well, sister?” He stayed formal because so many people had gathered around them.
“I…I think so.” She didn’t even consider releasing her stone.
“Aiya!!!” Screamed one of the widows, “What devilment…”
“What are asking?” said Lar.
“A Hand…Look at what is embedded in the crust of that cursed stone!”
Looking closer at the stone, Lar noticed that the irregular shape indicated that it was probably a cluster stone. The super heated stones might roll around in the sand and end up together. Their molten crusts stick the stones together. This stone may have three or four or even, hundreds of little stones in its cluster. Mav would be the settling of that question.
Then he saw that this stone had one more major difference. His mother brushed some loose sand off the far side of the stone and gave a tiny shriek. Jin threw the stone away from her. It rolled a few feet away. Her mother grabbed it to stop it from rolling back into the hole in the sand.
Now, clearly visible was a hand and two bones of a human fore arm. The rings on the hand were definitely those of a Bed Ou.
Lar spoke, “I suspect that these were uncooled blessings, fresh the bowels of the Watcher, when this greedy infidel attempted to break the Watcher’s Law.” The crowd nodded solemnly.
“O main…” intoned the crowd.
Mav arrived just then, pushing her way through the crowd. Jin sat up and grabbed her stone. “What is this disruption?” Seeing Jin, “You useless girl! What have you done now,
Jin’s mother stepped between them. “Only found the largest stone in the Gathering. The crowd cheered.
Mav looked around at the smoke and disheveled women, “And she, in her greed, tried to get us all killed in the process.” She wanted to stomp off, but, she couldn’t take her eyes off the giant stone in her step daughter’s grasp. Two men had pushed a small cart out from camp. They were sure that there would be bodies or at least some one injured. Several of the widows helped Jin stand and move her find to the cart.
Mav looked disgustedly at the attention her rival was getting, “Kiv, may we resume our work now?”
“No. It is time for mid day meal…” We are done for today.”
“But…but…”
For all purposes but trading, Kiv was Chief of all the People. He ignored her and followed the gay throng back to camp. She woofed out her disgust and headed for home. Without Kiv’s support, no more stones could be gathered.
Coming into her husband’s tents, she looked about. “Where is my lunch? Where is that useless daughter of yours?”
In a firm tone that she knew brooked no response, he said firmly, “She had quite a shock, today. She is guarding her find until sun down, when through your witch craft, we will see what we will see.”




Chapter 11; A Childhood with Han

Lar sat in the sand and shook his head. He teetered to his feet. Almost blind with the passions stirred up by a simple touch and looking deeply into those green eyes, he was blind. He fumbled his way up the face of the rock toward his home. He looked around but she was nowhere in sight. He sought the comfort of the worn chair to watch his people go about their day. The visions would not come. He could not calm his pounding heart.
“Maybe my old mother is right,” he said to himself. “Perhaps I have mourned long enough. Perhaps there have been too many nights alone, singing the song for the dead. It is more than four Gatherings since Han died trying to birth our child.”
Lar sat back and pulled his hood forward again as the pain of loss made him weak as a child. Tears poured from his eyes for a time as he wept silently. After a moment, he rose and struggled up the last few worn steps quickly. He found his way to the pillows and skins of his bed. Putting his mother and the red headed girl out of his mind, he slept.
He awoke and lit some lamps. Holding the guttering light high, he stumbled around in the corners of his messy apartments. In a remembered place, he put down the lamp and began digging through a pile of litter. He was searching to find the leather bag his mother had told him about. She had told him of her secret stash last year just before leaving the caves to join the widows and travel with the People. It was still in a dusty corner where he had thrown it.
He felt the smooth leather and remembered his mother's soft voice, "Lar, this is to keep you from the loneliness that surrounds you."  At that time he had put the bag away and returned to singing his mourning songs.  Now, he blessed her again for taking care of him.
He spilled the large, red tear into his hand. Turning it in the dim light he thought of Han. For a moment, the aching in his heart was so painful that breathing was difficult. This was the sister to the tear that his father had given him for a bride price for Han.  At the thought of his beautiful, dead mate, tiny spots of water dropped on to the knees of his pants. For a long time, he only sat and cried.
As he cried, he thought back again to those beautiful days when they were so young and care free. He could not remember a time when they had not been together. He had loved Han since he was a small boy. And, as she had said so many times, Han had loved him nearly as long.
This burning fire of love had begun innocently enough. One year, he had been sent to school to perfect his letters. He had been a guest of Kal’s family. After his seventh summer, on alternating years, Kal’s family had included him during their away time. His mother and father had wanted him to see the world away from their hidden home. So, together they had made arrangements with various families to carry Lar out with them to their activities. This time, he had traveled with Kal and his family. Kal loved Lar’s father and was easily persuaded to care for the son of the Watch Man.
He also loved the years that he was boarded with the Hunts Men. When in either camp, he was a member of both families. So, he and Han had grown up almost as siblings. They were inseparable, sitting together at mealtime, learning their runes and rote, or playing games like any two siblings would. Alternately sharing a story or scrambling over some prized morsel of food.
And through those early years as children, they had also fought like siblings. It was clear early to both sets of parents that this was no simple relationship. These two children were bound to become life mates. When the squabbling got intense, all the gown ups around them would look at them and laugh knowingly. Lar and Han were the least knowing of all the People of their common fate. The future Watchman and the gentle beauty would be forever bound. Oblivious, they fought on.
Time took its toll. Puberty wreaked twenty kinds of havoc on their lives and bodies. For a time, they went about their joined life without a moment’s thought. Some days, they were inseparable, splashing in the streams of the Dark Wood or running through the narrow, winding streets of the Great City at trading times. Other days, the fighting would be emotionally bloody. Lar, though he loved Han more than any one, knew just what to do to drive her completely insane. And, in return, as only a life mate can, Han knew just what to say to crush him mercilessly.
It all came to head on his thirteenth birth night. He said just the wrong thing at just the most importune moment. She, in fit of rage, said the most perfect response that she could imagine. He became so damaged that he had left Kal’s camp that very night. He never returned to Kal’s tent until he brought the first red tear as a bride price on the night of Han’s Shivaree.




Chapter 12; The Blood Quest

Without telling any one but Kal, who was sworn to secrecy, he had gone off to find Kiv at his father, Kad’s, hunting camp. For the rest of that away time, they had hunted and fished and chased girls from the hunt master’s camp. Both boys ran and wrestled, growing in stature and strength. Then, when the red leaves fell and the horns sounded across the Outer Worlds, and the People began accumulating at the Last Well for Gathering Time, he had avoided seeing or speaking to Han or her family.
He did know that Kiv, his blood brother, was preparing a blood hunt.  They both had spoken many times about their shared desire to catch and kill a Blood Cat. It would take most of the next away time for this accomplishment. He went to his parents just before they were to return. His parents were enjoying the cool night at the top of the skull. A small lamp and a sky full of stars was all the light they needed. He knelt before his father and put his head in his lap. Since he had been a baby, he loved to have his head rubbed by his father. “Father, I need to ask you something.”
“If you are not afraid of my answer, you may ask anything, my child.”
“I want permission to ask Uncle Kad to join Kiv’s Blood Quest.”
“Since the first mumblings of this quest came to our ears, we have wondered when you would be asking this. I remember when your Uncle Kad and I went on our quest. Stand up. Let me look at Thee.”
They stood face to face. Lar was only slightly shorter than his father. The older man looked at his wife. “Look, mama, “ he said, surprised, “He is no longer too short.” His mother nodded, slightly frightened, but proud. The older man placed his hands on the strong shoulders of the younger. “Thee are fine and strong. You must do this thing and thee must do it well.”
“Thank You Father. Mother I love Thee.” He hugged them both and ran off to find his uncle. They laughed as he ran off. She called behind him, “Don’t fall down the steps. You would hate to miss the quest.”
“Oh, Mother…” drifted back up the stairs.
Lov turned to her husband, “Is this safe?”
“Kad and his huntsmen will make it as safe as they can, but, the boys must make the kill.” She buried her face in his strong shoulder to hide her fear. He had patted her back, but, like all fathers, he was a little afraid, too.
Lar ran to the campsite of Kiv’s father. He entered and sat right in front of the giant man, waiting to be noticed. Finally, after making him wait an eternity, they man made a big show of noticing his best friend’s son. “Yes, lad?”
“Uncle Kad…I must speak with Thee alone.”
“Do we speak thus? Am I not to be greeted first?” The men around him knew what was coming and they enjoyed the torture of the boy.
“I am sorry, Uncle…May the Watcher bless this tent.”
“And all of it’s visitors…”
Lar waited. Kad must speak next. He took a bite and chewed a while. Then, he took a drink and swished it around in his mouth. Finally, he spoke. “Yes, boy..?”
“Uncle I need to speak to you.”
The giant man looked at his son’s best friend. This must be serious, he thought to himself. “Speak, little brother.”
“May I join this blood hunt, too?”
Kad looked thoughtful. “Yes…I have been watching you and my other sons.” He looked around the tent. Men were nodding agreement. Lar was well liked in the hunting camps. He did his share of the work and was good at song and story when they nights of fun were called for.
“It is time for this. You know that this cat is the most dangerous creature in their world?”
“Yes, Uncle…I am ready to face this day.”
“Get Kiv.”
Lar ran to find his friend, “Come…speak to your father with me.”
Kad took both boys off alone. They sat together on three stumps. The older man say them in a small circle so that he could see them both. “You know how important this rite of passage into manhood is to you both?”
Both boys nodded. He continued, looking gravely at his son, “Will you share this hunt with Lar?”
“Gladly, Father. We are one spirit in this.”
“Okay.”
Both boys beamed. “I am glad that the future Watch Man will be going on this quest.”
He knew that, with his men along, the boys were in very little danger.  With him to help the boy’s with their growing skill at story telling, the adventure would become legendary. None of them knew that they would be gone for three more than moons. It took almost a moon to get the first track and spore of their prey. The boys were getting discouraged. Then one day, a hunter came to them. Cat sign was spotted off to the east. They hurried to gather their kits together. All they needed from here on would be carried on their backs. They would eat nuts, berries and daily killed meats. Some dried meats were carried also.
Weapons were cleaned and sharpened. A spear and a knife was all that they were allowed. All the rest would be in wagons. At some points, the wagons may be days behind them. For once begun, the chase must continue or the Blood Cat would turn and hunt them each down by scent. The biggest mistake many men had made was to wound but fail to kill a cat. They had been known to even go to the out skirts of the great city to follow the scent of a bad hunter.
They didn’t see the Cat at first, but each day brought more and more fresh cat signs. Through hill and forest, swamp and glade, the chase continued. The hunters grew lean and closer to the bone with the chase after the giant cat. As days passed into weeks, the increasing amounts of blood cat sign encouraged the group. Finally, on the forty third day, they had one cornered.
The first encounter had gone badly. It was a bloody, snarling battle. Several of the men had been maimed by the creature. One of the men was clawed as it escaped. The injured men were sent back to the main camp on litters to be treated by the healers. The rest of the hunting party went on chasing the devil. Two more days followed with no sleep and little food. Finally, the great beast was cornered in a box canyon by a scouting party. The horns were blown to gather all of the scattered hunting parties together. Lar, Kiv, and two other boys plus several of the oldest hunters spent a worried supper that night planning the attack. All night long, fires were kept lit and horns were blown so that the beast would get no sleep. Lar and Kiv were in a sweat lodge to rest and consider their futures.
At first light, the boys were allowed to see the beast for the first time. Lar looked with deep fascination at his foe. It stood taller than any man at the shoulder.  It was two men wide at the front. It had long curved teeth that came curling from it’s upper jaw. It stood defiantly, shivering with exhaustion and pain. The Blood Cat waved its huge paws back and forth, roaring and flailing its talons.
The men and boys drew into a half circle around the beast as they began their attack. In a bloody battle, several more men got hurt. Finally, the cat was beaten to a standstill. A net was thrown over it which immediately tangled it’s claws and teeth.
“Quickly…” said Kad, “the net will give way soon. See how he thrashes with those mighty claws and teeth.”
Lar and Kiv moved in slowly, watching for any break in the animal’s thrashing. “Careful…” they cautioned each other.
As they had discussed and practiced so many times, they moved forward. Following the instructions of the Master of Hunts, they positioned themselves to be ready to deal the death blows. They must come from both sides at once.
“Now!” he bellowed.
With simultaneous heart thrusts into each of the two hearts, the mighty beast breathed its last. Immediately, howls of blood lust filled the small canyon. The men rebuilt the huge fire in the center of their camp and danced like heathens around the carcass of the dead cat.
Both boys were lifted up on the men’s shoulders and carried around the carcass three times. They were set down in front of a throne covered with skins. On the throne was the skinny old man who had led their hunt. He was wearing the head of a boar with deer antlers attached to the top. “Kneel!” said the figure.
The boys knelt before the Hunt Master. “Who killed this beast?”
Kiv’s father came forward, “Oh, Great Master of Hunts…That great beast was slain by these two here.”
“These two children..?” He pointed at the kneeling boys.
“Yes,” said Kiv, gravely.
The boar’s head looked all around. “I don’t believe it. Who has seen this feat?”
All around the fire, men spoke out, “I… I… I have seen this… Me too…”
“This is a great task…to rid the world of so great a predator…”
“Yay…” and the whooping and howling went on for several minutes.
The old men held up his skinny, muscular arms.  The camp fell quiet. “What will be the man names of these two?”
Kiv stood, “I wish to called Kiv…the name of my grandfather.”
“A good name.”
Lar stood, “I wish to be called Lar…”
“A good name…” He turned to the man, “You have heard the names…( they howl) you have seen their bravery…(the men howl some more) Do you accept these two men into the ranks of hunts men?”
As one voice, the men say, “Yes..!”
“I must prepare the men…”
Their heads were shaved expertly by the Master of the Hunt and bathed in the cat’s blood. As he shaved them, the old man muttered, as if in a trance, “Each boy’s hair must be sacrificed to the memory of the beast that had created your manhood.”
As he had done hundreds of times before, he left a two finger strip of hair down the middle of their scalps to show their manhood. Fat and blood from the beast were mixed to make a foul smelling paste that made their hair stand on end in a high mane. The rest of their shorn locks were thrown into the cook fire as a sacrifice to the Watcher for bringing them through this quest unscathed.

They skinned the cat and cooked the hearts. Kad held the bleeding organs high above the cook pot, “These are the hearts that had nearly cost us all our lives. Eat this strength to grow even stronger as men of this clan and tribe.” The cat was so big, that the skin made two coats just the right size to fit both young men. Later, when he was fully grown, Kiv’s coat became a vest. Lar’s coat would one day be the burial robe of his tiny wife and child.




Chapter 13 Two Crazy Years

They set off on their journey back. Leaves were already turning and first fall would be soon. For several weeks they hurried. When they reached the wagons, they turned them around and rode as fast as the draft animals could go to get to the well. They arrived just as the people were beginning to gather. Kal had arrived only the same morning.
As story of the result of the blood quest became known, Kal’s camp decided to throw a huge party to honor the passage into manhood of the young warriors. Piles of meat and platters of rice were enjoyed by the camp. Later, Lar went off by himself to answer the call of nature.
When he was coming back out of the darkness, a small female form hurtled herself at him. They rolled into the soft leaves of a small hidden clearing, “You brute… you absolute pig!”
He laughed as he pinned her arms so that she would stop pounding him. “Why… Han… It is so nice to see you.” She had grown into a womanly beauty while he had been gone.
She punched him in his rock hard stomach, almost knocking the wind out of him. “You should be shot!”
He gathered himself, holding her arms to keep himself safe, “I didn’t think you were ever going to speak to me again.”
“I’m not speaking to you. If you let me go, I will continue beating the crap out of you.” She said struggling to free her arms.
“I see…”
“Let me go, you bastard… I’ll make sure that you never see anything again…”
This filled him with laughter. He raised his head and howled his derision into the night sky. He held her easily with one hand. She was amazed at how much stronger he had become in the past two years. He knew it was due to the hardships endured in his last hunt. Taking advantage of his laughter, she twisted her hips and threw him off her.
In a quick move, she leaped atop him. He lay still and silent. “Okay,” he said, “I surrender…Thee are much more dangerous than that stupid blood cat. I cannot fight thee.”
She dropped her head to his chest and cried. He held her until her sobbing slowed. Muffled into his chest, she said, “Why did you leave me…not a word…three moons… then two moons ago, they brought those men back and I was so frightened for you. “ She cried some more.
“There, there, Han… I was in little danger.”
“Oh, right, you lying pig…” She wiped her eyes on his shirt sleeve, “I saw those men who came back from the first fight… One will never walk right again and two of them nearly dead… and the men from the second fight… They were awful…”
“True…but they were careless…”
“Liar…”
“Silly female.”
She crossed her arms and turned her back, “Tin is a wonderful hunts man…” She tossed her curls, “I had even considered mating with him…When you did not return…”
He grabbed her and turned her to look at him straight in the face, “Stop…that’s enough… stop teasing…”
“Teasing?”
“Enough…this is a game I will not play…”
“Game?”
“Game, wench…Look, I had a lot of time to think on the Quest. I can’t live without you. You must choose me.”
“No more blood hunts?”
“No more flirting with other men?”
She put her hand out, “Deal.”
“Deal.” He left her there in the dark. He went immediately to see the Shiree. He had traded the old hag taloned gloves of the Blood Cat to pledge his troth for him to Kal. The banns said that he could neither see nor speak to Han until the wedding was set. As soon as he arrived at his home, his mother gave him the blood red tear for her Bride Price.
At the end of the first night’s gathering, Lar had made the three circles and the pledge. Upon receipt of the tear, Kal had given her freely. As a wedding present, Lar gave Han the jacket made from the Blood Cat skin. When they were alone, Han told Lar that she would have gone with him for small desert flower. Kal gave them a small tent and his parents gave them some cook pots. They began their life together the very day.
For several years, they had enjoyed each other by day and by night. She had never turned from his love nor failed to return it. She must have known her future would include years of solitude in this old rock. She said nothing as they laughed and played their way through the sylvan years of their early life. Lar still went on hunts, but wild boar was the meanest animals he would face.
She was always thinking of him first and of herself second. Whether he was sitting by the side of Kal at the trading time or running through the Dark Woods with Kiv or his father on long hunts, she had never wavered. He had but to look her way and she would smile in a way that had filled him with light and set his love blazing.
Then, it happened. She waited until he returned from a long hunt with Kiv. She met him with the saddest eyes he had ever seen. He ran to her, “What is it, love?”
She had said nothing, handing him a scroll. It read that his father, the old Watch man, had died.  They were in the middle of the Away Time. Hunting and trading, these weeks had been the happiest days in the Peoples' year.  Now, for Lar and Han, it would end. His father’s death meant that he became the Watchman and she must go with him to that solitary life.
He sat down hard and had simply looked at Han.  Without hesitation, she nodded. A funeral party was formed. Kiv’s father gave them a cart and several animals. Kiv, Dal, and two others packed their tents. They headed deep into the Dark Woods in preparation for the return to the sacred mountain for this funeral. Piles of wood were needed for the necessary fire.
He went to see Kiv, “How can I do this to her?”
“What are you babbling about?”
“There has never been a question about my destiny or my path.”
“Right.”
“The Watchman is my family's trust and my clear path. I have trained for it since birth.”
“Truth,.. known by all…”
“Now, how can I ask her to join me inside of that sacred mountain, to see her friends and family only a couple of weeks every year. To live alone?”
He blood brother laughed. He took the smaller man by both arms and shook him like a doll, “You are as nutty as a Gathering Feast cake…I dare you to try and keep her from your life… She would end that life for you and we would be looking for another Watch man.”
He hugged his best friend, “Thankee, brother…Thee are going to be a great chief some day.”
“Not too soon, I hope…let us be about your father’s journey to the great beyond.”
“Aiya…” They caught up with the others and joined their women. Kiv had married the day after Lar. The next day, they gathered the piles of scented sticks and piled them on the pack animals.  That evening he and Han had slept, arm in arm, in the cool woods.
He turned to her in the glow of the stars, “I will love Thee forever.” She smiled and snuggled in closer.
The next morning, they headed through the foggy low lands out past the Last Well. There, they watered their animals, filled their bags, and headed into the Great Desert, following the old, well worn trails. From all across the lands, the People gathered to the arms of the Watcher to send the old Watchman on the star lit trail to Paradise. Bel Al’s father came from the far side of the desert.
High above, on the windswept plateau above the Watcher’s head, Lar and his friends and family brought Lar’s father’s corpse. Scented wood and fragrant oils were piled and poured all around the Watchman's body. Beautiful flowers were brought by the lines of people, their sons and their daughters and their sons and their daughters. The line passed slowly all day until the pile of wood and flowers was taller than the tallest men. The lines wound around their departing Watch Man and back down to kneel in the sand at the bottom.
Lar stepped forward to bless and light the fire. As the flames caught among the flowers and dried wood, the song was sung about the life of his father. It drifted up from the People below. Tears of joy and sadness streamed down the faces of the People as the old man went his way.
Lar was not the eldest son, but, he had been the chosen child. The mantle of vision fell to him because he was the one, of all of the watch man’s sons, who could see what the Watcher saw. Even as a small boy, he would sit in the chair deep in the bowels of the mountain, with his eyes closed, and tell his father what the Watcher saw.
Han knew nothing of that. Still she knew what he needed. She left him sitting by the cooling fire that evening.  As he sat there, she began to move their belongings up into the caves where they would live. Later that evening, she had led him down the ancient steps to begin his new life.
Han had loved their life deep in the cool caves of the Watcher.  They had spent that first year quite happily. She loved the cool evenings when they would reread the old stories or copying new ones into the books.  Then, one morning she had laid her hand gently on his shoulder as he wrote at the old stone desk deep in the right eye.  "Lar, I am with child."
What a nascent year that had been!  She had grown larger and some how managed to look smaller. She became too unwieldy to go up and down the steps. When the People had left for the away time, his mother had not gone with the widows. Lov and Han shared a tent nestled in the constant shade of the Watcher’s head. When it was cold, they moved the tent to the edge of the hot pool. Han’s mother and sisters had also stayed behind in their own tent. Sadly, it was also this time when Mav, serving in Han’s mother’s place, had set her sights on a rich life in Kal’s tents.
He worked and watched as he was called to do. In the evenings, meals were by the pool and stories were read or told. Han was brave, but, her life was not well. On the same day that Kal lead the People home for gathering time, the pains started. Han was moved to the borning bed and the Lar was sent away to wait. The women were grim and quiet.
Then the cries had started.  Lar had gone to the top of the Watcher's head to escape the noise. Some time deep in the night he had slept. Kal had found him there.  "Wake, my son.... they are both dead.  We have much to do."
In stunned silence he had followed the hunched shoulders in front of him as they made their way down the wet rocks in the predawn gloom.  Wood was gathered from near and far, and many hands built the fire.  Han was much loved. The singing broke his heart. Han would be missed by all.




Chapter 14;  A Lack of Resolve

As Lar rose from his memories, he was gripped with fear.  Surely as pretty a girl as Jin would have many suitors her own age. She should be courted by young men who could travel the trails as he had done before his call to the mountain. He would never be able to take her to the excitement of the Trading Time or hunting in the Dark Woods.  Those adventures were but memories for him. Still, he would ask any way.
Surely this large red tear, his last gift from his mother, would show how he felt.  Their life would be good.  He would teach her to read the stories as his father had taught his mother. Together they would explore all that the previous Watchmen had seen over the many life times of the People. A woman's laughter would warm these old caves in the winters ahead.
Stooping to exit the cave, Lar started down the steps. He stopped half way down and sat. Far beneath him the camp was a galaxy of campfires. “What am I thinking? No one would have me. No one wants this life. She is so young and beautiful. I will give her this gift, but ask nothing for myself.”
He went back to his cave. He sat on a stone right by the opening to cave and just watched. The second day’s gathering must have gone well. Far below, in the dim light, the line in front of Kal's valuation tent was long. In the cool evening air, the line moved slowly along. Each time Lar looked down from his perch, he saw that the line was shorter. As the line reached its end, he changed his mind again. He checked his pocket and headed for the bottom of the mountain.
He got to the bottom just as the last family left the tent. He sat in the dark by the pool. He would need the comfort of full darkness before approaching the Shiree’s tent to begin the negotiations.
In Loi’s tent, things were calm. He started for her fire, but talked him self out of it and never got there. Each morning for the next eight, he resolved to go visit the Shiree. Each attempt met with the same failure as he would find him self drinking at the fire of his cousin. Jin watched him fail over and over. Finally, she knew how to best spend her great find.
Kal looked inquiringly at Mav as she placed food bowls in front of her mate.  "A good day, woman?"
“Aiya, husband... we have passed two hands worth of well blessed days. If we are as blessed for the rest of the gathering days, we will winter well in the Great City.”
He sat back contented, “This is good.”
Mav’s face darkened, “I wish that lazy girl had found more stones.  All she does is sit in the shade and stare at the sacred mountain.  You'd think she’d never seen it before. I had to beat her yesterday and she still showed little result at the end of the day."
Kal was tired of this topic. He had heard all of this before.  He suspected that the widows had probably benefited from Jin's work more than Mav ever would. He had seen her picking up many tears, but she had turned in very few.  As to Mav, he knew that it was useless to interrupt her once she began on one of her pet topics.  Still talking, she began to tidy the main area of the tent.
Then, just as he was about to nod off, Mav took a new turn in the argument, "She should be mated.”
“Mated..?”
“Yes! She is of age although, that red hair scares the men...." She went into her side their tent, still shaking her head and talking.
“Call Loi in… see what she can do.” The matter settled as far as he was concerned, Kal notched the Gathering Stick to mark the end of the second day.
He looked up, “Woman..? Where is my supper?”
Jin had been outside listening to her parents talk. She had brightened at the knowledge that she had finally driven Mav to get rid of her. She watched the serving girls hurry to bring their repast. As they ate, Jin slipped away unnoticed. Kal ate quickly. Mav sat next to him breast feeding Tun. She said little, just humming to herself. Kal, as always, was used to her strange changes of attitude. Finished, he rose and headed for Kiv’s tent for more story telling. He took a wineskin as his offering of drink. The distraction of men and manly tales were to be found there, and so much the better.
Lar sat in the dark circle around Kiv’s fire where he could watch Kal. He watched Jin with a growing desire. Her face was a pale glow against the small cook fire. She smiled and touched her father’s hand gently as she refilled his cup. When she was gone out of the fire light, the light left the area.
After a time, he watched as Kal make the daily notch, rose and headed for his home tent. Lar knew his time was running out. When the notches numbered ten and four, the Gathering Time would be over and his People would move their herds to the new winter grass by the Big Water for the winter.
Lar knew what happened there. Kal would leave the tending of the animals to the youngest men and oldest boys. He and the other traders would go to the Great City to trade. Kiv would leave them as well. He would take his hunters into the Dark Woods. Life would go on. Lar sat alone in the gloom for a while after the old man had gone to the other side of camp.
He splashed water in his face to build up his courage. He looked in the direction of Loi’s tent. Deciding, his life must go on as well.
Resolutely, he headed for the Shiree’s tent. Three steps was all he made towards it. He had known her all of his life. She was the Shiree, the Old Woman of Mating. Just as the oldest daughter in her family through out time, the Shiree must make the mating proposal. She was the only one to negotiate the Bride Price, called the Shivaree. He turned and pulled his hood forward, heading for his cave. What ever was to be for his future must wait another night. He looked back at Kiv’s camp. Their life was simple. There, he enjoyed exotic meats and drinks. And, because in that fire, they were equals. Lar could join Kiv in creating grand tales of hunts and fights against mostly nonexistent foes.




Chapter 15; The Robbers

Lar was not the only one who watched from the gloom. A band of armed strangers was camped in a sandy hollow. With the darkness, they left their tan covers and moved close to watch the People’s camp. They were the lead by Jud and Hul, the sons of the chief of the Tall Ones from past the Narrow River. These two brothers and their evil companions had planned this escapade for several years.
Two summers ago, they had found one of the hunts men in a tavern at the edge of the Dark Woods. He was deep in his cups. Astonished, they watched him pay for many drinks with these beautiful jewels. He had been completely unconcerned when the money was gone.
“I’ll get more in a few moons…” He had bragged. Acting friendly, they had listened as he told them the whole legend of the Watcher’s Tears. As they kept his wine glass filled, the weakling told them everything but where these treasures were to be found.
Finally, Jud lost his patience, “Where is the mine, brother! Please ! Tell us!”
“I dunno, mate…I jes’ follows the mob.” The grizzled man shook his head as if to try to clear it, “I can track a new born sleezle through the thickest brush back to it’s mum, but, I’m lost in half an hour in the trackless wastes of the desert.” He began to cry “Lost…I’ll be lost…” and the old man fell asleep.
The two men waited. “He’ll wake up after a bit and head for camp. Maybe he’s got a stash back in his tent.” Said Jud.
“Yeah…we’ll be rich,” said his brother.
A little while later the barman shook the hunter, “Hey, bub… waddle on home, now. Come on…move it. I’m closing up…”
Jud and his brother had followed him through the rough glens as the hunter had staggered off. They followed him to a small encampment of heavily armed hunters.
“Damn…they are armed.” Jud said to Hul, “We will need more men and a plan. Let us go to our father’s house past the Narrow River.  We can gather a few men and plan our trek.” Thus began a long quest for him and his brother. Through all these two years, Jud dreamed about this time and this place. It had finally come.
The old man had told them about the First Fall. So, they waited until the Dark Wood turned to flame. They gathered their men and traveled quickly, disguised as simple folk, to Last Well. They had hidden there and waited for the People to gather. Jud looked at his brother, “It is just as the old man said. When the People leave, we will follow just close enough to see their dust cloud in the distance.”
“Right!”
“These animals need water. They will lead us to their water holes. We will be fine.” His brother clapped him on his shoulder, “We are going to be so rich!”
“Rich as kings…rich as kings!”
Following the plan, they had followed the People’s winding road through the desert from one water hole to the next. The robbers had followed the tracks of the people and their animals to find the secret stashes of water, “Man…we would never have found these on our own.”
Jud shook his head, “Didn’t need to… The plan is sound…we follow the plan.”
For twelve days, they followed in this manner. The People's trail was clear in the hard packed places.  A giant dust cloud lead them when the sand ate the trail. One morning, late, the sun beating down from straight over head, Jud leaned forward in his saddle, “Look the dust cloud has settled.”
“The men were nearly comatose from the heat and the traveling, “Wha..?”
Jud pointed with his, “Look there!”
His brother looked out, “What does it mean?”
“It means that they have stopped traveling. Either it is another watering hole or they are home.”
“Oh, I see…”
“We must wait here. Make camp until evening. Then, we can move slowly closer to check on our bounty.”
They found a place between two mounds of sand. One of their recruits was a desert fighter from across the sand. He showed them how to shade themselves and their animals with cloth strung across the mounds. They all waited in this shade for evening.
That night, the band of robbers had moved as close as they dared. In the failing dusk, the clear shape of the People’s  strange mountain was clear.
One of the men said, “The stories are true. It is a man inside the sand.”
Jud smacked the man with his mailed glove, “It is a piece of rock. The shape of the rock does not matter. What I know is, here is the place where the gemstones are to be found.”
All of the next day, from distant dunes, they had watched in amazement as the women gathered the stones, just picking them up off the ground. That night, back at their hidden stable they had their dinner. Jud, their leader, grunted in pleasure, "Here, my brothers, is a king's ransom for the taking."
They had argued through that night on just how to approach. Some of the older ones remembered the stories that this mountain was the resting place of a powerful God. " Maybe we should wait until the People move away from the mountain and pick up what is left."
Jud stirred. "What are we, women? Are we to fear hunters and herds men?
“No…” answered the men solemnly.
He looked at his brother, “Do you remember what the that drunk fool said? We have told it and retold it enough times.”
The men just looked at him. He let out an exasperated sigh. “He said that these crazy people gather the jewels for fourteen suns. So... today is only the second sun. If we wait for them, they will only gather more wealth for us.”
The men nodded, “Yes…this seems right.”
One looked around, “Jud is a wise leader. We will all be rich!”
Jud drank from his horned cup, “So say I…” He looked one to another.  He answered for them all, “So say we all.”
No one spoke. “It is settled, then. In a fort night, we can easily take a king’s ransom for each of us from these weaklings." Having said this, he turned and fell fast asleep. Satisfied, the other men distributed themselves around the small fire and joined him in slumber. One by one, they awoke to take their turns at guard, letting the others sleep in rotation.
In the morning, they quietly broke camp and slipped through the low dunes. A half day’s hard travel following a faintly packed trail, found them back at the previous water hole. They pitched their tents in the shade of the few trees there to wait and rest and prepare.


Chapter 16; Jin’s Plan

Jin had a new plan. While preparing their small supper, she had approached Mav. “Little Mother, I know you wish me away from this tent.”
Mav tossed her long dark hair. She looked at her step daughter suspiciously, “And if I do?”
“You know that I wish to be in my own tent as well.”
“Really..?”
“Yes. I have my eyes on a man for me to mate with.”
“Isn’t that interesting. Your father and I were speaking of this only this afternoon.”
“Really…”
“Yes. Why do you speak to me now?”
“Because you are best at this game. Better than anyone I know.”
Mav giggled in scary way, “You flatter me.”
“I need your knowledge ad experience. You know more about catching a man’s eye that anyone I have ever seen.”
“Piffle…”
“No really, I have noticed over these last years that many of the young women have come to you for advice and they always seem to get their way.”
“Why should I help you. You have been nothing but unkind these past two years.”
“It is all the more reason for you to want to see me quickly gone.”
Mav turned from her stepdaughter, “I don’t know…”
Jin went to a basket that she had placed near by. She took the large stone that she had found on the second Gathering day and put it where Mav could see it. She had learned much at her father’s elbow about the art of trading. She felt that she never needed those skills more than right now. She placed her right hand lightly on the stone, “Perhaps and honest trade would be the best way to proceed. Maybe some thing can be done to ease your mind and to repay any hurt I may have caused.”
Mav’s eyes were glued to the stone, “A trade..?”
“I get what I want and you get what you want.”
Mav reached for the stone but Jin snatched it back, placing it in the basket out of sight. Even for the few seconds that the giant stone had been in view, Mav was guessing whether that dusty shell might hold the finest stone seen this year.
“The Master’s coating hides the truth of it. The bones of an infidel arm would decrease its value.”
“The bones will leave with the coating. You know that” retorted the younger girl.
“Aiya…there is but one thing to be done.”
“Truth…Shall we?”
Mav returned to her cleaning space. It was still set up from her earlier work. The servants, always listening to their masters conversations, spread the word through out the camp. People came running. They packed around the area. For days, they had been wondering what was hidden under the cursed hand in what was being called the “Infidel Stone”. The men brought their drinks as they left their story telling. This cleaning would become the wild tales of the future.
Once Mav was settled, Jim came out struggling with the weight of her burden. Together, she and Mav dropped it into the large pot filled with blood. They let it soak a while. After the appropriate time, they reached in and lifted the softened stone out. This job was complicated by their efforts not to touch the hand or the arm.
Mav took the silver knife and tried to cut along the long axis of the crust. This did not work. She placed the point of the knife in a grooved area and struck the pommel with the silver hammer. The stone split into two large pieces. Everyone was even more excited now as this was a good sign that it was probably not a batch of small stones, but just two or three large ones.
A small cheer went up from the growing crowd. The noise was quickly silenced by a look from Mav to Sam Ah. Sam Ah then pulled his scimitar. This returned the area to dead silence. The hand had fallen away on the slightly smaller second piece. Mav then turned her attention to the piece nearer to her. She sliced the long axis. This time, it worked as she had intended. A soft “Aaah” went up from the crowd as a green emerald the size of a wild boar’s heart rolled out on to the table.
It was of the type of emerald called “fire stone.” The flame from the torches all around the cleaning area had danced inside it like a genie. Lar turned then, and left the area. He went to his cave. She had the stone to pay a mother for any young buck that she wished. The other stones would buy her a brand new wedding tent and every fine thing that a new bride would want.
The women paid him no heed. Mav careful to avoid the bones, split the coverinbg on the other piece. It was rube of great value. Further dissection of the sandy covering brought smaller pieces of blue and yellow stones of little significance except that they added to the total gem weight.
When he saw the final weigh in of all the stones, Kal spoke, “This is a record haul for a single discovery.” He kissed his daughter, “It makes a father proud.”
Mav looked with displeasure at his out burst. Jin put the stones back in the basket. “Father..? What do we do with that?” She pointed at the hand.
“Tomorrow at first light, we will throw it out side of the arms. The desert will cover it… May the Watcher forgive his greedy treachery.”
The crowd intoned, “O main…”
As Jin left the area, she brushed close to Mav, “We must speak.”
Mav nodded, “Once the rabble has dispersed.”
The crowd was doing just that. Mav’s husband and his friends were headed for the Huntsmen’s fire to rehash this evenings events and drink more. Jin went to the inner most room to wait for her step mother.
Mav bustled in. She was surprisingly pleasant, “You wish to speak to me?”
Jin placed the emerald on the table between them, “You would give me this?”
Jin placed her hand over the stone protectively, “No…”
She took the topaz out. “If you get me into the bed of the Watch Man, and make me his woman, I would leave this tent forever. This stone would be yours.”
Mav appeared to be considering her request. “Is there more?”
“If your witch craft is successful, on the last night of this festival, My mother…”
“Me..?”
“Do not flatter yourself, witch. Zet…”
“She is dead!”
Jin looked daggers at the other woman.“You will allow this or there will be no further negotiation. I will find another way.”
Mav gulped at the ferocity in Jin’s voice,“Continue…”
My mother will meet Lar’s mother at Loi’s tent. She will bring this stone to Loi as my Bride Price. Loi will talk to my father. Lov will bring Lar to my betrothal meeting. My father must accept it”
“Your father..?”
“Yes… You must convince him to take this stone for me. Then, it would be his.”
“And then,… it would be MINE!”
Mav became quiet, turning the idea over in her mind, “That stone will be mine…” she said again quietly to herself.
“Yes. This conversation would be our little secret.”
“Ooooh…Thee has high aspirations, little girl. I thought I was greedy wishing for the tent of the Tear master. My dreams pale beside yours.”
“No…I just have a powerful love.”
“I understand this love. I love your father this way.”
Jin tried her best to hide her inner thoughts. “You love his power, you witch,” she said. Mav paid no attention, remembering how the stone had made the flames inside it dance.
“You know, “continued Jin, “With this stone, you would be seen as the owner of the best stone for this Gathering Time.”
She put down the stone and tossed her hair again. She knew what every one would say. Every one had seen Jin pull the Infidel Stone out of the sand at great peril. “That is nothing to me…” but her eyes betrayed her lust for that stone.
“I will think on this.”
Jin took the basket to her tent. She slept fitfully through the night. In the morning, she slept in. She had no interest in further hunting. She possessed all the stones she could want and her mother had enough. Lar had looked for her. Using the vision, he searched the Gathering area. He stopped when he found her asleep in her tent.
Near time for the noon meal, Jin came to the cook tent. She brought the basket with her. She placed it under the table and began grinding meal for the breads. Mav came up beside her and said quietly, “Okay…”
“Sorry? Did you say something?”
Mav turned the spit one more time and then turned to the girl. “I have decided to help you. You are of wedded age and are nearly too old for first consideration.”
“Thanks…I’m not that old.”
“But you have not been chosen. You have been bleeding for a while, but you remain unchosen.”
Jin sighed, “I have refused advances. I want Lar and no other.”
“It is a comfort to me that the Watch Man has already bedded a red headed girl, your sister.”
“Crude but true…” said Jin grimly.
“Right… He should not fear your fire tinted mane like many men would. Come with me.”
She turned and pointed at a rotund serving girl, “Lit, you lazy girl, come watch this meat for me.” The girl hurried to her mistress’s command.
“If this meat burns, I will beat you in front of the whole camp.”
“Yes,m” said the girl who began turning the spit with vigor.
Mav took Jin’s hand and lead the younger girl into her private room. “Here…” She gave her soaps and potions. “Bathe after dinner… Then go to Kiv’s tent where your beloved will be.”
“Kiv? I don’t want Kiv.”
“Listen carefully…Lar supps every night in the camp of the Huntsmen. Become Lar’s server as he eats and drinks. Stay at his elbow all through the night. In the heat of that place, the smell of you will fill him. Say nothing to him, but by tomorrow, he will be unable to resist you.”
“Thank you, Mav…”
“Go on…serve thy father his mid day meal…then, slip away to the bathing area to prepare thyself for your mating night. Soak those feet. Wear soft shoes. You have the feet of a mountain goat.”




Chapter 17; Mav’s Plan Unfolds

At the end of the pool at the far right eye of the Watcher, the People had constructed a tiny stream. It had been dug longer and longer over the life times of the People. It went along the wall to form another small pool. Trees and bushes had been cultivated all around this new pool until there was a place of privacy. It was the bath area. Large pieces of tent canvas had been cleverly draped over the plant life to create a space for a woman to bathe at one end and a man to bathe at the other. Men usually bathed during the day when the women were gathering and the women would bathe after dinner when the men were busy lying to each other at various fire circles around camp.
Jin took Mav’s soaps and potions into the tent with her. She washed and dried her hair applying the oils to her hair before weaving it into her personal braid style. From a cleverly constructed, tiny shell of oil, she found a woody smelling perfume. This she applied to every inch of skin. Her own body heat and the heat of the fire would turn her into a cloud of perfume. She said a prayer to the Watcher that the witch’s potion would catch the attention of the man she desperately needed.
Putting on her newest robes, she made her way to Kiv’s tent. The circles were just forming. Most of the People were still eating their own meals and had not arrived for the stories yet. Lar was off at the edge of the camp saying good night to his mother. She went up to his brother. His giant form dwarfed her like she had never seen before. “Uncle…may I speak with Thee?”
“Yes, child?”
“I wish to serve the Watch Man this evening. Will you tell your girls?”
“Of course, dear.” He smiled to him self as he went off to do her bidding.
He watched her run off to the cook area. He chuckled to himself as he remembered the little he had witness the other morning. “Please save my dear brother tonight, darling child.”
He turned to face the Watcher so that no one would hear his prayer, “May the Watcher bless your hunts this day, child. O mein!” he whispered.
Content in his complicity with her little plan, he greeted the Watch Man as he returned from his mother’s tent. They sat together and discussed the rumors about what jewels were found or yet to be found. The serving girls brought them bowls to wash their hands and feet.
Lar smelled her before he saw her. He turned and looked down at the beautiful girl before him, “Yes, sister..?  Oh, Jin, child…How good it is to see you again.” He filled his nose with her aroma. ‘She’s hunting for a different kind of heart tonight. If only it were mine…’ he said morosely to himself.
Out loud, he asked, “What can I do for Thee, child?”
“Please allow me to serve Thee this evening. It would be such an honor.”
“As thee wish, child.” He was just glad to have her near.
Without a word, Jin appeared at Lar’s side and began to wash his feet. She dried them carefully. The smell of her was over whelming. She managed to get the oils from her hands on his feet and hands so that even when she was not near him, he smelled her.
The elders of the People formed the inner line of the story circle. Around them, lovers of stories sat in every space available. At Lar’s elbow, she stayed, a small flame topped figure. She smiled at the stories and laughed quietly at the jokes. All she could think of was the beauty of this man and the depth of sadness in his eyes when he was not talking.
Once the eating was over, she still remained nearby.  By her presence, she had carved out a clear place for herself at her beloved’s side. If any one tried to sit there while she was away getting more food or drink, a look from Kiv would send them scurrying back to their old spot.  Kiv knew the plan. Actually, the plan became clear to nearly everyone but Lar. Fairly early in the evening, the die was cast and all were on board. They all loved their Watch man and wanted him to be happy.
The plan worked beautifully. She stayed near him. Every time he turned around, she was there, smiling and tending his every need. Through the long evening, he began to smile at her as well. It was clear to all that he was more and more comfortable with her inside his first circle. As the evening wore on, she sat and waited. Hugging her woolen cloak about her, she smiled herself to sleep among the others. She awoke from time to time to make sure that he had not left her.
Again, the party lasted until the gray hours of morning. As the night progressed, people slipped off to their tents and to their women. Seeing the mating dance between lar and Jin had aroused them to thoughts of their own loves. Those that had no one, just curled up where they were and slept.
Throughout supper, Jin stayed at his side, filling his cup and keeping him stocked with the best pieces of whatever course they were on. Soon, the stories began. With much practiced skill, Lar and Kiv held them rapt with their shared style of story telling. As before, a crowd soon surrounded the two entertainers, filling the edge’s of Kiv’s camp site. Lar sat in the place of honor at the right side of his best friend.
The people were told the legend of the hunt for each kind of game that was served. If the story did not match the hunt for this piece of meat, then, a story was told about a similar hunt fraught with far more danger. The end of each story, the crowd was left with no doubt that the teller was lucky to be alive at all.
Again the sides of the main tent were flapped up to let in the cooling evening air and let out the smells of food and smoke that would have stifled the fun. Jin laughed with the rest of the listeners. She applauded for the skill of the two story tellers at the of each tale. Some times they told the stories together. Some times, they competed to out tell the other. The torches began to gutter in the breeze. That was the sign for entertainments to end. Lar took his leave of his cousin and his wife.
Kiv and Lar paid no attention. They enjoyed each other’s company so much, the night slipped away from them. Again, they were surprised by the impending dawn. Lar staggered to is feet, “Whew…I have sat too long…”
“Age makes drink stronger…”
“And age makes the drinker weaker…” they laughed together.
In the dark space outside of the fire light, he smelled that smell. He saw a shadow move against the trunk of a tree.“Jin?”
“Lar…” came a soft voice.
He followed the smell to her soft form in the dark, “You should not be here.”
“I am free to go where ever I wish.” She pulled him close. He warmed her. She had worn as few clothes as she was allowed. She had been fine in the activity and the fire light, but she had chilled waiting to spring her trap.
He did not move away from her, “People will talk badly about you.”
With a two armed shove, she pushed him away. “Keep moving, then…tongues will wag either way. I am sure the sharp eyes of some sharp tongued harpy have spotted us here in the dark. Soon, all will know.”
He stepped back to enfold her in his arms. “What will they know?”
“That I love you…” she whispered into his coat.
“But…I saw that stone… Thee mate with any one Thee wishes… You don’t want an old hermit such as I…This harsh life that I live…You deserve better.” Lar staggered away from her, heading home.
With out a further word, she took his arm. He could not see who was steadying him. No words were spoken. He went meekly along as the wraith nearly had to drag him across the wadi and up his old steps. Once on the upper level, he was gently laid on the pillows and comforts of his bed. “Thankee, child,” he mumbled, slipping off to alcohol induced sleep.
Jin sat by his bed holding his hand. He stirred, but did not wake. He squeezed her hand silently. A long, wet tear traced a line down his cheek and into his beard. “Han…”
She could only look at his beautiful face. She ran her fingers gently through his hair. The sun of Tear Wadi had bleached it many colors from the deep auburn color that she remembered from her youth. Watching the tear slowly course down his face, her heart broke. She wiped the tear from his face, careful not to wake him.
She was nearly overcome with the need to lay with him and comfort him. “Some day, my sweet love, I will wipe those tears away for ever.”
She pulled her hand slowly from his, trying not to wake him. He moved his hand around seeking hers. Sadly, she realized that it was most likely not her hand that he sought, but her poor dead sister’s hand. Before she could stand it no longer, she rushed from the room. She stopped in the gray dawn light to check the camp for any early risers who might catch her. Seeing none, she slipped into the bushes that lined the oasis. She crept silently from shadow to shadow so that no one saw her.
She would be beaten for being found in a man’s bed chamber before they were betrothed. The tongue waggers would just love that. Silent as a shadow, she reached the bottom unseen. She went to her own room and lay down until the gathering would resume. At break fast, she and Mav shared a silent smile as they went through their normal pre-gathering duties.




Chapter 18; Day 3- Decision Day

When Lar awoke, the sun was high in the sky. Above him, some one was blowing the ram’s horn for the mid day meal. “Watch Man..?”
He waited. “Watch Man?” came the voice again.
“Yes, little brother… I am here.”
It was Len, one of the boys charged with look out duties from the top of their world.  “M…my father wishes me to share our mid day meal with Thee.”
“Really..?”
He got braver as he went, talking faster and faster as children will do. “Yes, Sir. Jav, my brother and two cousins are cooking a kid. All of the lookouts will be there. We would be blessed to share it with Thee.”
“Then, It would bless us both.”
“About thirty more minutes, then.”
“Yes… I would be honored, sir.”
Without another word, the boy dashed up the stairs to warn his brothers that they were to have an honored guest for their midday meal.
Lying still to calm his heart, he merged with the Watcher. Today, he searched for the small form of the red headed girl. For some reason, she was all he could think about. He was totally unaware of her methods of bewitching him. He swore that he could stil smell her. She had followed Mav’s instructions to the letter. Without his realizing it, she had rubbed the heavy oiled perfume from her hands all over his clothes and body. The smell of her consumed him until he simply could not get her out of his mind.
He settled into the Eye of the watcher. His vision was blurry at first until he steadied it on the area where the women were searching this morning for their jewels. He searched among the women until he found Jin. She was trudging back toward camp from her morning’s work. Today though, unlike ever before, she was talking gaily with her stepmother. He did not seek the Ear of the Watcher so he could not hear them. He was breaking enough banns just attempting to direct the Watcher even this much. Listening would have been too much.
Had he chosen to use the Ear of the Watcher as well, he would have discovered that he was the topic of their discussion. He would have either been frightened or seriously angered by the depth of advice that Jin was receiving about their future plans to bring him to Kal’s tent with a bride price in his hand. To him, it was just two women walking in from a day’s gathering.
From time to time, one or the other of them would stoop to pick up a stone and continue walking and talking about what ever they were cooking up. Had he not been so taken with the beauty of Jin, he might have noticed that Jin was giving every stone she gathered to her step-mother. She kept none for herself.
But, he wasn’t fit to analyze anything that she was doing. For now, he was content to watch her walk and talk. He wanted to learn all he could. Would she be the one to bring him new life, he wondered. She had a marvelous walk. He was entranced by the way she swayed her well-formed hips with just the right combination of athlete and courtesan. She waved and returned waves to each one she met. It was clear that she was sociable and well liked among the People.
The two young women ducked into their tent. He hesitated for a second. “Well…In for a pence, in for a pound,” he said to no one.
Then, he allowed the Eye to pass through the cloth veils of the tent wall. The Eye found Jin stopped at a set of large flat clay bowls used as washbasins. She held up her skirts and stepped into the first one. One of the servers rinsed the dust from her feet. She sat as her feet were dried and soft indoor slippers were slid onto them.
Then, she sat at a table with a silvered piece of reflecting glass. Her server loosened and brushed the blown dust and sand from her floor length red tresses. In a flash, she oiled and braided her hair in her signature style.  Each girl had her own signature braid. It was both a contest and a statement of position as a woman of the People.
Lar looked at her closely. He was struck that she looked so tired. It never occurred to him what had tired her was sitting by his bed all night. Chasing him was the cause of her exhaustion. Attempting to follow her plan, Jin had to work in the gathering fields all day and then, get all girly and make her self available to his beck and call every night. It was this double duty that had her stretched so thin.
Following the directions of Mav, the servant girl gently washed Jin’s sun burned cheeks. From Mav’s pocket came a soft leather bag. The young girl applied pale unguents to the bottoms of Jin’s eyes and the shadows miraculously disappeared. This process fascinated Lar. Still, her tiredness disturbed him. Tonight, he must see that she sleeps much earlier.
It never occurred to Lar that he was beginning to plan his night around her needs instead of his. He was only following a deep instinct driven by a deeper need to care for some one who was alive. He shook his head to clear the Eye from his mind. It also never occurred to him that he had decided that she was going to sleep in his bed that night either.
“Time for lunch,” he said. He headed up the stairs to the top of the headwhere he knew a kid was being cooked.
When he got to the top, he stopped and sniffed, “Mmmmmm…that smells marvelous.”
There was a familiar look to this camp among the huntsmen. All of the men of Kiv’s tribe were required to know how to cook and bake. Women rarely were taken on the long hunts. Boys learned to kill and clean a, make fires and cook early in life or they would not ever be taken out of camp.
This team was well versed in their roles. On one side of the fire, four of them were baking using the customary smooth rocks half in and half out of the coals. These heated rocks were being used to cook the flat bread that would make the meat easier to eat. A mealy gruel was poured on the heated flat surface. In a flash, it became a chewey, flat piece of bread.
The oldest of the Kiv’s boys was on lookout up on top of the crown of the Watcher. “Ket… all quiet?”
The boy looked up from his meal and swallowed a giant bite that he had been chewing. “All quiet, dear Uncle.”
“Thank you for inviting me to your meal.”
“It is a blessing to us to eat with the Watch Man.”
Lar pounded him on the shoulder and he returned to his duties and his meal. All around the fire, the rest of the crew was working on some part of the meal. One was slicing and one was catching the slices on a wooden plate. As he approached, another one of them took slices off the big plate and placed them on flat bread on a smaller plate and brought it to Lar. He neither said nor did anything until all were served. He raised his plate, “Bless the Watcher…”
The boys raised their plates or cups. “And the Watcher blesses us,” intoned the boys. They passed skins of new wine from the Great City and shared their joy together as only men can do who are in tune with their God and with their life.
“Starting with out me, boys…”
“I remember a story told to me by a great Hunts man…oh, yes, it was you…about birds…and getting…or in your case, not getting…worms.”
His father grabbed him in a huge bear hug and began to tickle him, “Ewww,” he said,”I hate worms…” and he put the boy down.
Zev, the second son, offered him a wooden plate, “Try some lamb and bread then.” They all laughed at the old routines. Lar remembered the same interchanges between Kiv and his father from long ago and far away.
Even as great as it was to eat like a Huntsman, Lars mind drifted back to the smell of a red headed girl. Sitting with his nephews and chewing thoughtfully, a beautiful face and deepest emerald green eyes. The others at the fire left him to his deep thoughts. With the dedication of boys, they concentrated on the food and the drink.
The other men could smell the strange woodsy scent on him, but, they did not comment. It was some potion only the witch women knew of. They just sniffed and went on eating.  Men do not know the machinations of the female psyche. That is why they are so easily led astray by the whiles of females.
Finished, Lar stood, “That was a grand meal, my little brothers…” He returned to his rooms and his thoughts.
All the rest of the day, Lar sat and thought. By day’s end, he still did not know the true course of this evening’s work. He held the tear, tossing it from hand to hand and finally returned it to its hiding place under his pillow. He headed down the stairs.
He ran into a boy coming up the stairs. The boy knelt for a blessing. Lar placed both hands on his head, “I give Thee a blessing.
“Bless the Watcher in return.”
Together, they intoned, “O main”
“Uncle?”
“Yes, boy?”
“Your mother requests the pleasure of your company this evening at the fire of Loi, the Shiree.”
“Really..?”
“She gave me a stone that my father says will easily trade for new bow and a steel knife at Trading Time.”
“Then, Thee are truly blessed. Will you carry my response back to my mother?”
”The boy stood and looked him full in the face, gravely, “Anything for Thee, Sir.”
“Go then to the Widow’s tent. Find the widow called Lov.”
“I remember your mother well, Sir.”
“Good…good… Tell her I will want to see Loi this evening and wish her to be in attendance. ”
“Yes, Sir…” The boy turned to go. He knew the talk in his father’s house. This was a great day. The Watch Man would take a bride tonight. He ran all the way to the Widow’s Tent, found his great Aunt Lov,
Then, ran even more quickly to tell his father, Kiv. His father was very glad to hear the news and gave the boy the rest of the Gathering time off as his reward.




Chapter 19; Shivaree

Lar climbed down to the pool and entered the men’s bath tent. He washed himself. “Lar..?” said a timid voice.
“Yes, Mother.  Have you brought it?”
“Yes, Son…I have brought the family marriage mantle.”
“Thank you, Mother.”
“And this…” she stuck her hand into the bath tent doorway.  It was a new white robe. “I began to make this for thee on the night after Han died.”
He looked at the robe. As required, it had neither seam nor stitch. It was woven from virgin wool in a single strand carded and bound as it went into the cloth. “I kept it for Thee, praying for this night. Now, the Watcher has blessed us.”
“Thank Thee again, Mother. Please wait for me near Loi’s tents. He took the clean robes and wedding stole and put them on. He went outside.
Kiv waited. He was holding a new pair of sandals. “Thee cannot sit Shivaree in those old raggedy thongs, my brother. Here,” he pointed to a rock, “Sit!”
Lar gave no argument. It would have done no good. He sat as Kiv tied his new shoes. He wiggled his toes in the soft leather. “Feels just right for the seven circles dance, don’t you think?”
“Just perfect little brother…Go get her… May the watcher bless you both with love and laughter.”
Lar hugged his giant of a best friend. “You are the Watcher’s best blessing for me ever.”
“I know…” they both laughed. Lar began his long walk around the camp to Loi’s tents. After the required seven circles of her camp, he stepped thought her gate. In the evening light shining through the cloth sides of her wind break, he saw Loi first. Loi sat calmly, though she was very excited as well.
She had heard the rumors about the Watch Man beginning the seven circles. But, she was more excited by the stories about the stones rumored to be in play. A sultan’s ransom for both the Bride Price and another for the Husband Price. When he arrived, she was waiting in her Shivaree garb talking softly with his mother, her old friend. Sitting quietly next to them, was Jin’s mother, Zet.
All of Loi’s children and friends were waiting just out of sight. Instruments had been located. Brightly colored hats and robes had been put on in preparation for the parading.
Lar came in to her fire without a word. He sat and waited. Loi pretended to be reading an old scroll. She carefully marked her place and looked across the fire at Lar’s mother, as if seeing her for the first time. “Good even time, Sister Lov.”Silently, Lov nodded at her old friend.
Then, she greeted Zet, “Good even time, Sister Zet.” Zet made a silent nod as well.
“Who has business this evening with the Shiree?”
Lov had moved over and sat down quietly by her son. She bowed her head to the carpet, “I have… Sister Loi.”
“Lovely night for a stroll with your son…”
Lov smiled proudly, “I believe that it is an even better night for a Shivaree…”
“Are Thee sure?”
Lar spoke for the first time, “Mother…what are you doing?”
“What a mother must do when her son is paralyzed.”
Zet spoke, “Lar…you are my son as well. Your mother and I haver come to an agreement that you and Jin are meant to be mated.” She smiled at the other two women, “We are sure that today is as good a day for a Shivaree as any.”
Loi looked at Lar, “Do you NOT wish to be mated?”
“I’m not saying that…I’m just confused.”
“About Jin?”
“I am sure that I want her, but does she want to mate with me?”
A little chuckle passed among the three women. Lov spoke, “My darling boy… You are the only who cannot see her affection for you.”
Loi said, “Do we have an agreement about the prices?” Loi would receive one carat per hundred weight as her fee.
Lov looked at Lar, “ Do you have it?”Silently, he handed the soft leather bag to her.
Lov and Zet took out their stones and handed them to Loi. Well over three hundred carats were in her two hands. Without lifting a finger, she had made more value than more than half the hunters this Gathering.
“Let us go then…” Lar helped the three women up. Loi had the most difficulty as she was burdened with the heavy clothes and head gear of the Shiree. Arm in arm, they began the long walk to Kal’s tents. Again they repeated the seven circles with each circle of the camp getting was smaller and smaller. Each tent they passed added a child with a drum or flute or ringing gong to the parade. The parents headed for the Tear Master’s tent. They wanted good seats for the entertainment of the Shivaree, the Bridal Court.
Resting after his evening meal, Kal heard the commotion before he saw anything. The tambors and bells of the Shiree were moving around and around the camp in a slow parade. He grabbed one of the children, “Go and see who is circling my tent… go quickly and return to me…”
The child returned and whispered to him quickly. "Father…It is the Watch Man...”
“The Watch Man..?”
“Yes, Father… and he is making the seven circles of the camp...”
“Whose tent will lose a daughter tonight, I wonder..?” Mav just smiled. She was thinking of the jewels about to enter her possession. She mentally drooled over the Mating Tear and the Emerald. Even She didn’t know about the Ruby that Loi carried. If she was right about the Watch Man, tonight, she would be a rich, rich woman.
Kal sat deep in his own thoughts. He knew two things. First, the Watchman would take a new mate. Second, and more important, there would be a Mating Tear to deal with. As the Tear Master he would have a portion of the Mating Ransom no matter who the lucky girl’s parents were.
The parade had straightened out down the main path way that lead to the Tear Master’s tents. Mav came and sat to whisper, "Look at that old hag, Loi, the Shiree. Surely she will want too large a part of the Tear."
Kal cuffed her away. In a hushed voice he hissed at her, "Hush, woman... I was haggling Shivaree when you were drooling in your mother's hair. Now be off. Make yourself useful. Go set the mating table. Do your job and I… I will do mine!"
The old man sat listening to the drums of the approaching crowd. He wondered who would be summoned to the Tear Master's tent for the Shivaree. A family's fortune could be made tonight if they could trade a daughter for one of the Watchman's sacred tears. Usually they came from deep within the Watcher. They were always huge and of the deepest red.
“No matter who the lucky parents are,” Kal repeated as he rejoiced within. “I will get a portion of this Mating Tear as will the Shiree.”
At the edge of his firelight they stopped. All eyes were on Kal. Mav thought to herself, "How lucky I was to come to the Tear Master's tent. Now he has a son to be the next Tear Master and I will never be in the widow's tent. His demands are few and his temper is easy enough."
Kal stood. "Come, friends, share the warmth of my fire. Let us talk." the Shiree sat on the opposite side of the fire in the proper seats for Shivaree.  Lar and his mother were on the honored right side. The chairs on the bride side were empty.” Is some one missing?
Mav came in with her arms around a veiled woman. “This one is welcome here just for tonight.” She took her veil off and he was stunned to momentary silence by the presence of his ex-wife.
"We are honored to share our fire with the Watch Man." He ignored the Shiree.
"There is no place I would rather be. May times I have enjoyed this fire."
They chatted idly for a time, drinking and smoking. Then Kal could wait no longer. He turned to the Shiree. "Sister…why are thee out this night… It is a cold night for walking."
She looked affronted, "True… it is cold… We have a purpose in our travels," she said. "We seek a father."
"A father? Why a father?"
"We seek to sit in Shivaree. Please call the Saddushan."
Kal only needed to look up. The entire tribe waited at the edge of the firelight and the Elders of the Saddushan were in the front edge of the crowd. When the proper words were spoken they entered the light and sat, filling the Shivaree circle. Their job, as always, was to make sure that the banns are met for a proper Shivaree. The leader, the Saddush, sat in the center wit Kal and Lar and Loi. The people strained to look at the inner circle and to hear every word of the Bride Trial.
When all were settled and drinks were poured, they drank and spat the fiery liquid into the fire and a huge ball of flame lit the night. Kal turned to the Shiree. "Which father do you seek?"
“The father we seek is you, Tear Master. This Shivaree is for the red headed girl, your youngest, Jin.”
Kal was both stunned and excited. He was going to get peace in his tents and he would not have to share the Bride Price. What a night this was going to be! He played coy, pulling on his gray beard thoughtfully, “I do have such a daughter. She is dear to me and comforts me in my old age.”
Hearing this, the crowd roared with laughter. A stern look from Kal brought the noise level down. The crowd was excited. This would be a good Shivaree. It could go on all night. For a People who's life was mean and hard, a good mating trial was a favorite diversion. This was proving to be one for the tellers.
“Though the girl is young yet, I still get many offers,” Kal lied.
The Shiree turned and spat. “With those green eyes and red hair, she scares the young boys! That temper..! Many times I have heard the result of her temper. That girl could frighten a saint.”
Kal forgot the rules of the game and got mad for an instant, “Lies, you old hag!”
To calm them both Lar reached a soothing hand to Loi. “Perhaps my mother was right. I may have been too hasty. I think my loneliness clouds my judgment.” He dramatically hung his head.
Lar was so convincing that Kal got frightened. He leaned forward, "Now, now my son. Don’t be hasty…” The crowd elbowed each other. Lar was too good at this game. Kal continued hastily, “You have not seen my young flower close up." He turned to one of the young women near the food pots. "Fetch Jin. Some one wishes to see her!"
Jin had wormed her way to the front of the crowd. She dared not say a word for fear that she would be discovered at her own Shivaree. Mav had known as soon as she had seen that the Shiree was escorting Lar. She had sent Jin to dress in her best clothes and sit in the young women's tent.
At Mav’s direction, oils had been put on her skin and hair. “This is your special night, daughter. My magic has seen to that.” Then, Mav had left to sit with her husband. Jin had waited for what seemed hours as the parade went around and around the camp had been too much. Once the combing and the primping were done, she was too excited to sit. She had pulled a shawl over her head and crept out the back. She just had to see who was asking for her hand. He leaned back in the light of the fire and she was who it was.
She was stunned. It was the Watch Man. Just as Mav had promised, her magic had worked on this absolutely beautiful man! She was so shocked that she almost didn't hear her father send a girl for her. Quickly she slipped back through the crowd and met her at the door of the young girl’s tent as if she had never left.
Kal was happy to have a breather. He offered drinks all around. He played with twigs in the fire. He looked around, "Where are those lazy girls?" he asked no one in particular.
In his mind Lar was glad that Kal was fighting for this last daughter as hard as he had for the other five. This way, she would have value in the eyes of the People. He smiled a secret smile, “Just wait until they see the Tear that I have brought.” He intended to continue the rituals, though. His People would expect it. He said slowly, as if he had been unaware of her name. "So, Jin is her name. Desert Flower - I like it."
Suddenly she appeared at his elbow with a fresh drink. "You called, good sir. Perhaps thee need a fresh drink to wet your throat?"
He had meant to say some thing brilliant, but instead, he looked into her eyes. His throat went completely dry. His mind emptied of all thought. His only thought now was his need for her to come and be his mate. He reached out and touched her face, still unable to speak.
She put her hand over his and smiled. The electricity of her touch ended any game playing. For the lonely Watch man, the bargaining was over. He brought his hand down and took her hand with it. She seemed unable to let go the connection that they felt.
He moved around to face her. She moved with him unbidden. Soon they were arranged so that she was kneeling on the soft rugs right in front of him. “Will Thee come to be my mate?”
She had planned and dreamed so long for this moment. Now, she found herself totally unable to speak. She opened her mouth to try. She closed it and simply nodded. He smiled a wry one-sided smile with half his mouth. The world around them had ceased to exist.
He was so filled with need for her, a A tear formed at the edge of his eye. She reached out to catch it on the tip of her finger, “I pray to the Watcher that you will only know laughter for the rest of thy life.”
“Will you help me?”
“I will take away your tears, my beloved.”
He said nothing more. He reached into the depths of his robe and mantle, bringing out a brown lump. It was a bag. He opened the soft leather bag that his mother had left him. The greatest Mating Tear ever seen spilled into Jin’s lap. She took it in her two delicate hands. It was too big for both of her hands to cover.
He looked at Kal, extending his hand, palm up, “Will this do as a bride price, Uncle?”
A gasp went up from the People. Jin was unable to speak for the beauty of the gift. She looked at him. It’s beauty was surpassed only by the beauty of the giver. No woman in their lifetime had received such a Tear.
Zet stood. It would probably be her last chance to speak in this tent. She took the tear that Jin had given her on the first day. “And Jin offers this to Lar’s mother. Kal was stunned out of all his arguments. In all of his life, he had never seen such a stone. And, the payment by Zet meant he would have to give nothing return.
It was a stone of legend and story. The tellers would try to describe it as the story of the two greatest Mating Tears. The Shivaree seen this night would be told and retold. His name would live forever in legend as the receiver of the highest Bride Ransom ever offered.
He reached across the bidding space and took Lar’s hand, “Y…yes, little brother… This will pay for the loss of so beautiful a flower from my garden.”
Jin got up quickly and moved onto the large pillow that had been Lar’s guest seat. She arranged herself according to banns as the bride of the man she had chosen so many years ago. She sat by him, slightly behind, shoulder and hips touching lightly. She was filled with joy and sadness at the same moment. Had her sister lived, she would have been glad to be the second wife of this man.  She would have gladly shared the duties and work of their home together with her older sister. But, fate had not willed that.
Lar looked at the Saddush, “May I take this one as my new wife?”
The Saddush first looked at his council. They all nodded exuberantly. Then he looked at Kal, “What does the father say?”
Kal cleared his throat. He would soon be the possessor of that Tear. And all it cost him was one worthless daughter who couldn’t seem to keep from fighting with his wife. Still, he managed to look sorrowful, “The loss to me will be great.  But, I must follow the will of the Watcher.”
“And…”
“And I except this treasure to replace the one I will be losing.”
“As the Watcher wills… the banns are met… the deal is done.” intoned the Saddushan as one voice.
Jin spoke, adding her voice to intonations of the crowd, “As the Watcher wills…” Then, she whispered under her breath. “Now he is mine and I am his and his alone.”
She folded her hands on her lap as a good wife and waited for her father to come. He embraced Lar and held out his hand to his daughter. She tok it and rose, holding the giant tear gently against her breast. He embraced her as well, kissing both cheeks. She handed him the tear.
She sat back down quietly as people forgot about her as they pushed and shoved to see the treasure that her father had placed on his table. She cared nothing for this silly stone. Her dreams had come true. She laid her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes.
She sat and remembered back through all those years until a time when Lar had traveled with her family's flocks. Over time, He had lived in their tents with Han during their first years together as mates before they had gone to live in the Mountain. She could not remember a time when she had not loved him, first as a brother, then as a future mate.
Now, it had happened. She was the woman of the Watch Man. Her life would never be the same. She leaned on the strong shoulder of her new husband remembered how serious he had been as a boy. She thought back to their time as children. She remembered how he had impressed the other men by sitting with them and listening to their stories. Some story tellers were good, but none as good as her Lar.
Some storytellers, in fact, were so good at the telling of tales, that, even if you had been present at the actual incident being described, you might not recognize truth of it from the story that was told later about it. Some tellers never varied from the facts and their stories were filled with more truth. Sadly though, their stories were often more boring as well. As Lar had grown older, it was the tellers of truthful tales Lar sought at gathering time for the history books.
Jin had stayed often in their tent as a young girl. She thought back to a mealtime when Han had asked Lar why he never talked, only listened. He had told her, "Before I am called to take my father’s place inside our mountain, I need to learn as much as I can about our People. The more I know of our life and lore, the more I will be able to appreciate the stories I will learn from merging with the Watcher."
Jin remembered being astonished by the fact that he answered all of Han's questions. He had never known a man who talked to his women this way. Her own father would have been angry if her mother or Mav had asked public questions of him at a meal. This wonderful openness just had made her love him more.
Of course, treating his mate well was only part of his charm. He was also physically beautiful. His hair was browner than hers, but, in sunlight, it blazed with a reddish hue. His years of running with the hunting tribes had made him strong and well formed. The scars from the dangerous beasts that he had sought only added a certain manly air to his physique.
His eyes were his most endearing feature. They were the windows to his heart. Sometimes, they could be quiet and a little sad. Then, they would turn on a pence into twinkling sources of bedevilment. Mostly now, they were sad. But, she remembered when sadness had not always ruled his heart so. When he had been happy, Jin had learned to love the way they would dance in all kinds of light. Light seemed to come form them most when he was happy or creating some kind of tale with the men.
Then one day, she remembered the saddest day of her young life. It was the day that she thought that she would never see him again. It was right after the last time that she had gone with her father to the Great City for some trading. When she returned, she had run to Han’s tent to show her the new clothing that she had gotten father to buy her. The tent had been empty. Lar and Han had gone. All of their belongings were half packed, then as if they had not been able to finish, the stuff was just left.
She had run to her mother, “Where have they gone?”
Her mother looked at her with sadness, “They were called to the Mountain, child. The old Watch Man has gone to be with the Watcher in paradise. Lar must take his place as the new Watch Man. I am glad that you are here, now. We must finish gathering their belongings and take them with us to the funeral.”
Jin had helped the other women stow Han’s belongings amongst Kal’s trade goods to take to the funeral. All around them, People were packing and making ready to travel. From all of the away places, the various tribes had all hurried to get to Tear Wadi.
After the funeral, Jin had helped Han and Lov move all of the things around. Lov had moved to the Widow’s tents and Han had moved her and Lar’s goods into the caves. Kal and the People had returned to their away time duties. Jin had stayed to help them settle in. She was only nine summers old that year, but, she made herself as useful as she could. Han was glad for the help. She was learning to live in a new place while she tried to care for her grieving husband. He was getting used to living in the mountain again as he settled into his new duties.
Jin was not allowed into the deeper caves. Lar went down there every day for hours at a time. He looked sad and tired, but, Jin took comfort from seeing that their combined love for him brought Lar back to normal just before the People returned. She had been so proud watching Lar greet the returning tribes for the first time as his father had done. And so, life went on.
She returned to the Great City to live during the year. From that time on, she had only seen him at Gathering Time. Jin loved to stay in the caves and eat with them. She mostly enjoyed sharing their love and laughter for those two years. Then, Han had become great with child and Jin had stayed with her mother to care for Han during the birthing. She, as an unmarried woman, was not allowed in the birthing tent, but, she worked to feed them all and keep things clean for the workers.
After Han’s funeral, Jin had gone with her mother and father, leaving Lar alone with his grief. She was pretty stunned by it all herself. It was nearly the next Gathering Time before she felt like her old self. After Han had died, Lar had shut himself off from human contact for the next two seasons. He barely met the banns of his office, but, he was never seen outside of ceremonial duties. When he was seen, he looked haggard and care worn.
This year, she was finally of age to seek a mate. All during this year’s away time, she had planned and dreamed and wondered how she was to create this dream. That first night, when she had seen him, she struck upon a plan. She would talk to Mav. What good did it do to have a witch in your tents if you could not use her magic for some good. Now, she had proof of the value of her plan.
She, of course had always had a plan to be mated with this beautiful man. In her younger days, she had planned to talk to her sister. There had always been more women in the People than men. Multiple matings were the solution. So, It was common for a wench when she had come of age and see if a first wife would allow another girl to enter their tents as the second wife. The first wife was always the head wife and the second wife had more duties.
Jin, in fact, had never intended to marry any other of the feeble males who had chased her throughout these last several years. She would compare them to Lar. None of them could best him at any match. Still, she ahd been shy, watching him over the last few Gathering Times from a distance. Then, she would dream of him when she was away.
Gathering after gathering, whenever she was free of Mav, she had followed Lar wherever he had gone throughout the camp. She had tried to accidentally run into him every chance she got. That was over now. “No more games for me,” she said to herself.  “Now he is finally mine and I am his.” She looked at Mav.
Mav smiled serenely. She nodded to her step mother as if to say, “Well done.” Mav’s magic had done its work. Now, for her efforts, she would gladly pay the Emerald that Jin had promised and, of course, Mav would have sway over the giant ruby sitting at her father’s place at the table. She imagined that Mav was mentally calculating what she would have to give in trade to the devil woman, Loi to keep the ruby intact.
“Not my problem…let the witches slug it out.” She laughed to herself.




Chapter 20; Two Blessings

Then it happened. The Watcher spoke. A rumbling was heard far below the ground. People ran screaming about away from the giant stone head. Some fell over each other trying to get away. No cracks formed. No one died. A geyser of warm water shot from one of the upper vent holes, showering the gathering with water and new tears brought from far below the earth. The men pulled the hoods of their robes over their heads so that they wouldn't touch the raw stones. Happily, they knew that these needed no cleaning as they hadn’t formed any crust. They were quickly dropped into jugs of water to cool them. The women scrambled about filling their skirts with this new treasure. Surely this mating could receive no higher blessing.
Jin and Lar never moved. Although they were chilled to the bone, they only sat and smiled at each other. The Saddush pulled his cloak forward. He let the hot stones bounce off him. When the shower was over, he pointed at the new couple, “They alone have been doubly blessed with the both the watery tears and the jeweled tears of the Watcher. We have witnessed a miracle!” The People cheered.
Zet and Lov mother ran to them and hugged them both, “Your wedding has been twice blessed. Even the Watcher wants you to return to the world of the living.”
Lar turned to his new bride, “It is true. However, I feel myself to be thrice blessed, my mother. I also get this jewel.” He kissed her and continued, looking deeply into ther eyes, “Thee, my love, have brought me back to life.”
Jin reached out to touch her new husband’s face. She stroked it. She gave a wry smile, “There may be more life than Thee bargained for. I am said to have quite a temper.”
“Ah, yes the rumors may be true. Thee will have to go a distance before topping your sister’s temper tantrums. I consider that a feisty woman adds spice to my day’s drudgery. My work here is dull.”
“I will add that spice. But, I will leaven it with as much love as you can bear for sweetness.”
“I will savor every taste, what ever you choose to add.”
Once the excitement was over, the People returned to their wedding duties. They formed a circle, woman on the inside and men on the outside, around the new couple. Because they were to end up in the mountain, The shape was a half circle.
They sang the Wedding songs as the couple began the wedding dance. With swirling arms, they stepped slowly around the great circle toward each other. When they met at the peak, they made a small twirl holding their right hands high and touching a silken scarf that Jin held.
Once they had met, they went on their way. Reaching the door of their new home, they turned. Then, they took a large step in toward the center of the circle. People stepped out of the circle and the circle shrank. They began their dancing stroll again until they met, took one turn and made around to the doors again. Again, people stepped out of the circle and the dance began once more. This repeated until Jin and Lar were standing next to each other by the small fireplace.
Years ago, some one had carved a fire place into the stone walls of the doorway. Someone had built a little fire in it. They faced the inner circle. The only ones in the inner circle were the Shiree, their parents and Kiv and his wife.
Some one handed Kiv, representing Lar’s male family members, a pot of flaming liquid. Kiv poured Lar a glass of the raging drink. He took a sip and gave a sip to Jin. Together, they threw the rest into the fire making a huge fire ball.
Throughout the ceremony, Lar had stared into Jin’s eyes. He tore his gaze from Jin's eyes and looked at his new father-in-law. “I will not bother you further this night. I know you must say your goodbyes. I will come for her tomorrow."
Jin stopped him with a hand against his chest.  She leaned forward and whispered into his ear, “If you will have me, I will come with you tonight.”
Lar shrugged and smiled, shyly. Quickly, she walked over to her father. She kissed his head softly. “Enjoy the treasure that my husband paid for my Bride Price. I no longer need it. As long as I have him, I have all I need.  Keep the jewel and live long and enjoy it!” The crowd applauded her speech.
Kal was speechless. He turned the ruby over in his hands. His mouth stood open. One of the elders poked another and stage whispered, “Even half of that Tear would feed an entire family for the rest of any man’s life.”
Then she walked over to her step mother standing off to the side. “Look under your pillow, Mav. I have kept my part of our bargain as you have kept yours.” Mav lost all interest in the breaking crowd. They were congratulating Zet and Kal. She dove onto her bed and rummaged through the pillows. There it was, her treasure for this night’s work.
Jin walked over and Lar put his arm around her and drew her close. Kal followed her and hugged them both. He looked at Jin and Lar with tears in his eyes. “I love you, girl. I loved you when your mother handed you to me in the birthing tent.” He looked at Lar, “And you, boy…I loved you as if you were my own wild child. But, my love is great enough to give you to each other as husband and wife. I will always love you.”
She hugged him. “I love you, too, Father.”
He pointed up at the Watcher, “Now, he has showed that he loves you both as well. Enjoy each other.” He kissed his daughter goodbye.
Jin turned to Lar. She put his hand on her heart and held it in her left hand. “I will be your mate and you will be mine.”
He took her hand with his free hand. He put it on his heart.  “I will be your mate and you will be mine.”
Arms around each other, they went away from the crowd into their cave home. The men had laid a path of small torches for them back to the stairs deep in the mountain. The women began scurrying around to gather every last one of the Tears shining in the firelight. Paying no attention to them, the new lovers went up the old steps to their home.
Up in the mountain the lovers spent their nights in joy and harmony. Their days were spent apart. He gathered his stories and wrote them all into the new scrolls that Kal had brought to him. Jin did what the other women did. She gathered stones. Only now, she worked hard at it, gathering from the new crop of jewels that had spewed all around the mountain by the Watcher. She gave them and a hastily scrawled list of goods to her husband. “Here…go see the Tear Master…do your husbandly duty. We will need these things to live well.”
“My…are we not the harpy…I thought you did not wish to live like that. Shall I call Thee Mav of the Mountain?”
“Oh…you…” she took a mock swing at him that he easily ducked. He grabbed her and they fell together on the pillows and coverlets. It was some time before he was able to comply with her wishes. He gave the list and the stones to her father, “Father, please take these stones to the Trading Time. Here is a list from my good wife showing her wishes for the year to come.”
“Aiya…my son she leads thee about quite well for a new wife.”
“I wish I had a defense, but, sir, I do not.”
“I will have Bel Al bring these on his next crossing.”
“Excellent. Good day, sir.”
She watched him go down. It was cooler up here and she was tired from her days of busy gathering. She looked at the little world that they would share alone after the People had gone. Around the pool, there were a few date palms, and off to the side, she saw a small herd of goats that rambling around on their mountain.
She looked to her storerooms. It had been filled by the gifts from the People. Lar was busy most evenings with blessing the newborns. She would sit on his nose perch and watch him as he spent his afternoons teaching the teen aged boys the rote and law of the Watcher. For each of these tasks, He received return blessings of food and cloth.
All of the rest of their food came from the traders. Several wagons had been filled just for Lar. The young boys had unloaded these items over the first days of Gathering time. Of course, some trading was done with the few caravans that stopped on the way across the Great Desert. They would water their animals, stay a night or two and go on, never suspecting the brown stones that they walked over were the gems of the People.




Chapter 21; The Robbers Return

When the days numbered four and ten, Gathering Time was over. Jin was in her new favorite spot. It was bright and early on the fifteenth day. She sat in the large stone chair carved into the bridge of the Watcher's nose. She was all wrapped up in a wool cover. Lar came out wiping the last crumbs of his breakfast from his shirtfront, “Different view from up here, eh, my love?”
“Yes…it will be strange at first, to be alone…but, I have you…” she reached up and put her tiny hand in his large one.
“And I am very glad that I will have you…” Hand in hand, they watched the last of the camp being struck. People were scurrying everywhere. The remaining Tears were trod upon like any other stones. It was now forbidden to touch any of the Watcher's Tears.
“Hey…what is that?” she said. She pointed out over the desert. They saw a piercing light shoot out of a dune. They tried to get someone's attention, but everyone was too busy to notice them. They began running down the steps. As they went down they could see a dust cloud forming in the desert and heading toward their home. They ran breathlessly into a crowd of men at the pool. “Father, someone is approaching!”
“Are you sure, Dear? This is not the season for caravans.”
Lar added, “These men are heavily armed. The light off of their swords and armor was what showed them to us at first." Lar was breathless from his long run.
Kal was furious, “This is holy ground. This sacrilege must be punished. What must we do?"
Lar drew himself up to his full height. He pulled the hood of his robe forward. His face must not be seen when he quoted the Law. From inside the hood, his voice was different. All of the People standing around heard the clear use of the Voice of the Watcher, “Bring my People within my arms. No harm can come to them there. Place a chair in the gate space.”
Kiv now assumed his role as Weapons Master. The Hunts men formed a barrier of armed men across the gate. Kal looked at two young men just standing there, “You heard him…Get my chair! Circle the wagons inside the arms…” People scurried to comply.
Lar continued to quote the Law in his Watcher voice. “The first Tear touched by a stranger, that man will be seen no more.” He took a small pile of stones out of his pocket. This amount would be a fortune for anyone but the Watch Man. To him it was nothing.
Lar uncovered his head. He looked at his cousin. He knew that Kiv was prone to foolishness, “Kiv…put away your weapons.”
The big man drew himself to full height, “Now, little brother… do not worry… We have dealt with this sort of trash before…” He continued strapping on his leather bucklers.
Lar got very still. He leaned in to face the giant, “Kiv…”
Kiv was shaken. He had never heard Lar use the Voice aimed at him before. “Kiv… this is the Watcher’s work. Please keep our tribe in line.”
Kiv put out his arms. All of his tribe had heard the Voice of the Watcher come from Lar. They all stared at the two men, wondering what to do. Kiv settled it, “Hold! We must obey.”
Lar left him and went to the mouth of the Wadi to rejoin Kal.


Chapter 22; Judgment of the Watcher

Lar went to where the men had placed Kal’s bargaining chair from the wagon where it had been stored. All around him, the People were gathering their families and flocks and getting them back inside of the circle of the Watcher's arms. Lar made a line of jewels across the space. Kal took the Gathering Stick as his only weapon, drew a symbol in the sand, and sat in the chair.
Lar kissed Jin quickly. “Stay with your mother. Don’t worry. They are only men and we have the blessing of the Watcher. This is His work.”
She went to the widows hiding by the pool. In the confusion, no one had seen that the Watch Man rush into his cave and up the steps. At the opening of the cave he had turned to take a final look. In the distance he saw the Strangers approaching and the Tear Master sitting calmly in his seat. He looked down at the People huddled by the pool and began his prayers. As he sang, Lar went to his post deep within the Watcher.
The sand cloud grew as the Strangers drew closer. Soon Kal could hear their yells and the clank of their weapons. The sounds of the People's fear drifted to him, but Kal felt no fear. The Watcher protected his Tears. That was the Law. Now Kal could see the markings on the shields of the Strangers.
They were lead by the same two Tall Ones that he had traded with last winter. Filled with confidence, the infidels stopped a spear's throw from the old man in the chair.
He rose. "Why do you enter Holy Ground, Strangers?"
Jud moved his horse forward. "You call this rock holy ground, old man?”
“Yes I do.”
“We know your truth…”
“A little truth is a dangerous thing…”
“It looks like a simple jewel mine to me."
"These jewels, as you call them, are the sacred Tears of the Watcher. They are given to His People as a promised blessing. No other may touch them in his presence."
The strangers had continued coming closer. They looked along the side ridges of the Wadi, seeing Kiv’s men spread in a defensive posture. Jud's brother, Hul, laughed out loud, “Look…they give us freely. Not a spear at ready or a bow bent.”
Behind Jud, the other men noticed the jewels scattered on the sand in front of Jud. Nudging each other they began to point to one or another. Jud turned to his men. In mock fear he said, “Don’t even think about those jewels…Didn’t you hear the old fool? They are the sacred Tears of the Watcher, men. We should leave right away."
Hul spoke, “Not me… I didn’t spend the better part of a moon frying in this God forsaken place just to go home poor…” Then he spurred his horse forward, jumped down, and picked up a large red one. In a flurry of dust the others joined him, but they never got to touch a second Tear. In a mighty roar, the ground below them opened. In a cloud of dust and screams, they and their horses disappeared as if swallowed whole by an unseen mouth.
The shaking ground and clouds of dust made Jud's horse scream and rear high in the air, throwing him clear of the hole. The horse tried to run away, but its reins got tangled in a sage bush. It danced and bucked out of fear but was not freed. Disoriented by the dust and the fall, Jud crawled around like a baby, crying for his brother.
Kal just sat and watched. Jud finally sat on the ground. As the dust finally settled, he saw the gash in the earth, filling in with sand. In a moment, the surface was just as before. A howl of pain came from deep in his throat as he looked at the grave of his brother and his men.
Kal stood and pointed the Gathering stick at Jud. "I told you, stranger. You would not listen. I say again, this is Holy Ground. Only the Watcher blesses His people just as He only punishes trespassers.”
Jud began to crawl away. Kal shouted after him, “Tell all you meet what happened here. If you return, you and anyone you bring with you will feel the wrath of the Watcher.”
Jud ran to his horse. He freed him from the bush he had been tethered to. Spurring madly, he drove the animal into the desert. He soon disappeared over a dune. Kal turned and walked slowly toward the pool. the People cheered. Jin ran to kiss her father. Seeing the look on his face, they fell silent. "Why do you cheer me, Fools? I did nothing.”
The People parted for him as he walked slowly toward the face of their God. He held up his hands and fell to his knees., “The Watcher protects his People."
As one voice, they intoned the second line of the blessing, “The Watcher blesses us yet again…”
He walked up to the pool. He took a Tear from his pocket and threw it into the pool, then knelt to pray. All of the men laid down their crude weapons and did the same, their families kneeling behind them. In a rising swell, the people began to sing the songs of thanks giving and praise.
When the prayer was ended, Jin looked around.  “Where is Lar?”
Kal was not surprised. “Hold, Jin…”
The older man looked at a bit stunned “You know very well where our Watch Man is…”
Jin nodded, pulling absently on his grissled beard “Aiya…I forgot for a moment.”
Kal finished his thought, “Our Watch Man’s post is inside the Watcher. Your place is with him there. Go to him. We must finish getting ready to leave.”
She kissed her father, found and kissed her mother as well. Slinging another bundle of wrapped belongings over her shoulder, she began the climb up to her new home. She turned at the opening to the right eye and watched the column form in the oasis below her.
For the first time in her life, her People began their trek out of the great desert with out her. She knew from long habit that they were headed toward the shore of the Great Water to feed and water their flocks. Putting her bundle down, she sat on it and leaned against the cool rock face over the nose. Contented, she watched the column become a row of black dots shrinking out into the desert. She watched until the last dot disappeared over a dune leaving only a cloud of dust to mark their passing.
Entering the cave, she hunted deeper and deeper. In a far back passage, a desk was carved out of the rock. There she found Lar, staring at a large white Tear. The only candle had gone out, leaving the room in darkness. She relit it. She touched his arm and he jumped. Only then did she see, written in large, clear script, all that had happened on the plain below.
Suddenly she was filled with fear. “What manner of man are you? How can you sit in the dark cave and see what happens out in the world?”
Before she could run out, Lar grabbed her wrist and drew her to him. Gently he held her close. Laying his hand on her forehead as Watch Men had done to their mates many times before., Relax, my love… I see nothing but the Watcher sees all… Relax!”
As if in some dream, she saw their people in a happy caravan heading toward the Great Water. “In this room the Watchman sees what the Watcher sees. Do not be afraid.” From that time on, she was never lonely. She could follow her People as they went about their lives in the away places. She would come and sit in the great stone chair while Lar would write his histories.




Chapter 23; The New Watch Man

As expected, the baby growing in her had the vision. Sitting together in the Watcher’s Chair, she showed the baby her grand parents and his People. A full moon before his birthing day, Bel Al arrived bringing both Grandmothers to tend the woman’s tent that would become the birthing tent.
Jin was too large to make it up and down those stairs. She moved down to be with more comfortable. She would walk into the lowest cave to escape the heat. She and lar would dangle their feet in the cool water. He would rub her feet and her back.
As the time neared, he began to sleep less and have a haunted look in his eyes when he thought no one was looking. Jin knew that nothing she said could make him feel better. She just went about her duties of being her two mothers’ patient. They did all the cooking and cleaning for them both, though Lar seldom ate these days.
Another Gathering Time came. On the third night, the cries began. Lar rushed to the women’s tent by the cold pool in the lowest cave. Zet and Mav met him there. Mav had been smart enough to get Kiv. Lar pushed against him, “Get out of my way!”
Without a word, Kiv picked his cousin up, noting that his lightness, “Brother…you are fairly wasting away.”
“I’m not kidding, Kiv,” Lar struggled against his chieftain futily.
Through clenched teeth, Kiv dragged Lar out into the evening light. “You… are… not… allowed… in… that… tent.” He dragged him to Kal’s tent, which was the closest one. He pitched him onto a pile of pillows. “Eat!”
“I cant eat…”
“Then sit there and be a good boy… Your wife and child are in the Watcher’s hands.”
“Yah…and we both know how well that worked out…”
“Blasphemy!”
Lar just put his hands over his face and cried. The other men stayed around him. None spoke. Singing was heard coming out of the cave. Zet was the Keeper of Music and she was trying to calm her daughter. The song was picked up at camp fires all over the oasis. At the worst and best times, music was the key to worship and comfort.
Just then, yuyulating cries came from out of the caves. Lov ran to her son. Barely fighting tears, she said gravely, “Your wife, my daughter, wishes to see you in her tent.”
Lar took off running. Kiv shrugged a question at his aunt. She smiled, There is a new Watch Man in residence …”
The giant picked up the tiny woman and swung her around. Then, they hooked elbows and swung each other in a yululating crazy dance. The cries were raised all across the camp as people rushed to see the result of the birthing.
Lar walked out with a naked bundle, “Thank the Watcher…” People cheered.
“I have a son…” more cheers.
“My darling Jin is well.” Explosive cries of joy and they all joined Kiv and Lov in dancing.
Kiv called out, “Drink… Where is the drink?” His call went unheeded by his cousin. Lar returned to his wife. He held her while she nursed their new born son.
“I was so afraid…”
“Its all over now, my love.” But Lar didn’t hear her. He slept for the first time in weeks. Jin smiled. Her and their mothers packed pillows around him and covered him. When he awoke, he ate like Kiv for almost a week. Joy was every where.




Chapter 24; EPILOGUE

If Jud ever made it home, the People never knew. They never saw him or heard about him at the Trading Times that followed. Life went on as before. Kal was happy to see his grandchildren fill the eyes of the Watcher. His own son grew well and showed a flair for bargaining. In sadness, the fourth year hence, he had scattered Mav’s ashes off the top of their mountain. She had died from a fever that had killed half of the People one bad winter.
By the next time they had returned to the Gathering, Jin was happy to find that Kal remarried her mother. Kal, following the banns, had remarried Zet after she promised to raise Tun as her own child. Over the last few years, Kal had come to realize that he preferred his first wife, Zet’s, quiet company to the mouthy rashness that had passed for company with Mav.
Zet loved Tun. She had always wanted a son to go with her five daughters. Now, the Watcher had given her one. To Kal, he only cared that she was raising his son well.
In his the seventh year, their oldest grandson went with them to the Trading Time. His name was Red Kal. All of the People who saw the boy felt that he would make a fine Watch Man some day. He rarely spoke. He only listened. His red hair and green eyes showed the fire and passion of his mother.
In all other things, he was his father's little boy.


Thank you for reading my novel! 

Please look for my (Ben Miller) other Books coming soon to Smashwords:

Chasing the Jewelled Throne   first written 1987    2011

Preacher Man  first published 1993 rewritten 2011

Ready Freddy & the Kissing Stones Book        new coming Dec, 2011

