The Wild Wolf
Hunter Brothers Trilogy
Book One

by River Norwood

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Violation of this copyright will result in prosecution.

Dedication

Dedicated to those who have supported me, who do support me, and who will support me in my future writing. Thank you for everything. 

I also dedicate this book to Ashley, one of the few who knows my secret and has been a huge encouragement in my writing.

-RN
Table of Contents

Title Page
Dedication
Legend of the Transit
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Connect with the Author
Legend of the Transit

There was a young man who had been attacked by a pack of wolves. Many had bitten him drawing his blood, almost killing him. He barely survived the foray, but it had changed him.  Several days later, he had discovered that he could see more sharply, hear far away, smell sickness, sense emotions, run faster and longer, and heal quickly with less scarring. 
He used these abilities often, and always pushed himself to his limit. One day, he had pushed himself so far that he had turned himself into a wolf. He was very frightened at first, afraid that he would never be a man again. Fortunately, he turned back into a man after several days of roaming, concentrating, willing himself to turn. He mastered this transition from man to wolf, wolf to man expertly. He often changed from one form into another, each suiting his needs in different ways. 
One day, he was attacked by a hunter while he was a wolf. The hunter thought to have killed him, but he only pretended to be dead. He thought to transition back into a man, but he was afraid the hunter would be frightened and kill him anyway, for surely some would think it wicked. The hunter bent down to begin skinning him of his fur when he lunged and bit the hunter in the hand, and the hunter fell back surprised. Finally, he turned and ran away as fast as he could from the hunter, though hurt. 
He healed, and returned to his life. He was much more careful in wolf form, using his heightened senses more and trusting the animal instincts he had. He had often run into other wolves and packs, but they left each other alone. He knew he smelled different than them until one day, he ran into another wolf that traveled alone. This wolf was not a normal wolf, but smelled of man as much as wolf. They stared at each for some time before he took courage and changed back into a man. 
The other wolf seemed to be surprised and unsure, but it wasn’t long before he, too, changed into a man. The first man suddenly recognized the hunter he had bitten that one day in the woods. The hunter was much more frightened, so the first man reminded him of that day when the wolf had bitten him. He knew that it was his bite that had caused the transition for the hunter. 
They built a fire and talked many hours becoming brothers, becoming a two-wolf pack. Though the man apologized for the bite and not realizing how it would change the hunters life, the hunter was happy with his transition. One day in their forms as men, they were in a small town eating at a diner. The hunter couldn’t help but notice the woman that served them, and as the evening continued, he decided that he had to have her, to marry her, to mate her. That fateful night changed him, and he would not leave her. 
The first man did not understand his brother’s obsession with the woman, but respected the man’s wishes. He stayed as they courted and married, but he felt the need to wander. He continued on traveling alone, but visited the hunter and his wife often. It was months later before he had found his own mate in a town not far away, and he understood everything his brother had told him. She became his everything, and they married and moved to live in the same small town as the hunter and his wife. They shared land and farming, living next to each other. 
The wives each had child after child, but some of those children began to have qualities that were not fit to a child. Not all of the children were this way, but those that were had difficulty with the others of the town. When the affected children began to grow into manhood and womanhood, they transitioned, though not fully. 
They did not transition into full wolves, but only took on their characteristics. Their hair become coarser and grew on their arms, hands, and legs. Claws emerged from their fingertips, fangs grew from where their teeth were, and their eyes glowing. Though their fathers were surprised and somewhat awed, they were not alarmed. Their wives demanded explanations, afraid for their children because the town folk became hostile towards their families. 
The two men confessed everything, but promised they would protect them. It wasn’t long before men from the town confronted the families on their land one night with torches and rope, demanding they surrender the “children of the devil.” Well, no wolf surrenders one from its own pack, and these mothers were unwilling to sacrifice one of their children. It was a small town, so there were only twenty men at most. The man and hunter knew they could hold them off while their mates and children escaped. 
They transitioned into their wolves in front of the men, who began to “tuck tail” as they say and back up. Never had one of them seen such a thing. The two wolves slowly approached the group, growling with fangs bared, stalking their prey as their mates and children climbed into the wagons. 
As the wagons began their escape, the men attacked the two wolves stalking them. Twenty men was a lot for only two wolves, but they knew all they had to do was keep them busy as the wagons disappeared into the darkness. It had been a farming town and community, so not many of the men used or own guns. It was a stupid decision on their part, for if they had, this fight would have been much different. 
The hunter had been hurt already, jabbed by a pitchfork by one of the farmers. The men around the two wolves cleared as one man with a pistol pointed it straight at the hunter, who was panting and limping badly. He cocked his pistol, grinning as he steadied his aim. The other wolf stood in front of his brother, unwilling to see him hurt further. 
Suddenly, the man with the pistol was knocked violently down by a smaller figure. Everyone looked to see one of the children, the hunter’s oldest son, half turned into a wolf, glaring and growling at them. Out of the darkness emerged three more of the children, all half turned into wolves. The four young boys approached slowly, standing tall on two feet, their eyes glowing and fangs bared. Their fathers joined them still in wolf form, and they all slowly walked out of the light emitting from the torches. The fear from the farmers was almost palpable, and they let them go.
Many men were bitten that night, and the two wolves knew that many men would transition into wolves. That is how many came to be the Transits, those who could transition from man to wolf, and wolf to man. It is said that from these men came many more, for some were lonely and craved companionship that only a pack could complete. Then there were some that became rogue, those who wished to be alone, and did not hesitate to bite those who threatened them. 
Full blooded Transits who mate with other full blooded always give birth to full-bloods, but not every child will inherit the transition. For some, it is the firstborn, and for others, it is the second born and so on. Full blooded Transits who mate with a human will give birth to half-bloods, and is the same as the full-bloods. Not every child will inherit the transition. 
There are many that exist to this day, many that hardly take the form of the wolf, many that hardly take the form of a man or woman. They cannot be told apart from human men and women, and they wish it to stay that way. Too many would be curious, too many would want their furs, and too many would want their blood. It is safer to stay secret. It is safer to stay in the pack. 
Chapter 1

Kato fell to the ground after letting the man hit him a second time, the straw on the barn floor scattering.  Getting on his knees, he spit out the blood from his mouth. He didn’t have to let the burly farmer land a punch, but it only seemed fair. After all, a transit against a regular human was never fair. Of course, they didn’t have know that he wasn’t fully human. He’d end up fighting for his life instead of money. He just needed to put on a good show until he won, and he always won. 
Shaking his head as if he was unfocused, he grinned and stood back up. The farmer was smiling, thinking he had a good chance of winning. He smiled back. 
The man was a few inches shorter than him, but heavier. Kato was a few inches over six foot and lean. Waiting for him to make another move, they circled around the perimeter of men cheering, shouting, swearing, and betting their money on either him or the farmer. He knew the majority of money was on him since he was undefeated. 
The farmer lunged forward taking a swing, but Kato easily dodged him and stepped to the side. Swinging with an uppercut, the farmer flew off his feet and landed on his back. The announcer leaned over him, but the man was out cold. He grabbed Kato’s wrist and lifted it in the air shouting his name, ‘Kato Hunter’. Cheering erupted from the crowd around him. 
He leaned in to the announcer. “Is he okay?” he asked, hoping he hadn’t hurt the farmer too badly. The man had a wife and two kids to take care of. The announcer gave him a short nod as he walked away and helped some other men carry the man outside. 
Charlie came and pat Kato on the back, then realized how sweaty he was. Kato chuckled as the man wiped his hand on his shirt. 
“You, my boy, are a champ! You’re also making me rich,” he added with an elbow jab to his ribs. 
Kato nodded, but didn’t respond otherwise. He didn’t fight for the money or for the glory. Well, the money wasn’t so bad, and he was able to give it to some of the other folks in town who needed it. In truth though, he fought because he was bored and, if he was honest, to be a thorn in his brother’s sides. Amos and Bryce, both older than him, didn’t like him fighting having the advantage of being a transit. He counted the money Charlie handed to him.
“Don’t trust me?” he asked. 
“I don’t trust anybody,” Kato answered matter-of-factly. 
“Except your brothers,” Charlie added, a strange tone in his voice.
Kato looked sideways at him a moment, sensing something, but he didn’t know what. “Except my brothers,” he confirmed with a nod. 
“Your brothers keep to themselves a lot,” Charlie commented, counting the money in his own hand again. “They come into town for supplies and such, but don’t do too much talking.” Kato stayed silent, still counting, wondering what the man was fishing for. “They’re even a bit taller and wider than you I’d say.” Finally, he turned on Charlie and just stared hard at him. The man tapped his chin, eyes narrowed, studying him. “Think they’d be interested in making a few extra dollars?” he finally asked. 
Kato grinned as he began shaking his head. “Trust me Charlie, they’ll never be interested in fighting. They don’t even like me fighting,” he replied putting his shirt on. 
The barn was clearing out, and a few men began to take down some torches around the rope-ring. Kato couldn’t help but wonder if Charlie understood how much of a fire risk that was. Hay was mighty easy to catch fire, and with one way in and out, a lot could be hurt or killed. 
“You three could make a fortune!” the shorter man exclaimed. 
“We don’t need a fortune,” Kato answered, putting his hat on his head. “We have the ranch.”
“You fight for the extra money. Why not them?” Charlie pressed. 
“It won’t happen Charlie. Give it up,” Kato said walking away. He was getting too chummy with the man. There was one rule he never wanted to break, and that was getting on too-friendly terms with the townspeople. 
If they ever discovered his and his brother’s secret, they’d have to run. They’d built up too much to do that.
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Kato’s brothers were sitting at the table in the large kitchen eating supper when he got home, which was unusually late. He hoped they hadn’t tried waiting for him to eat and finally gave up. It made him feel a little guilty. 
From now on, he would eat supper and then go to the fights. He knew he was probably in for another talk tonight, but at least they cared. 
“Fighting again?” Bryce asked standing and grabbing another bowl. He handed it to him as he sat down.
“Yeah,” he answered light-heartedly. 
“And I suppose you won again?” Amos asked, his tone more disproving. 
Kato glanced at him before dishing up his soup. “Yeah,” he said, knowing what was coming. 
“Kato,” Amos said smacking his hand on the table, “that’s what? The ninth fight?”
“Twelfth,” Bryce said before taking a bite of bread.
“Twelfth?” Amos exclaimed turning on Kato, who sighed. “You’re drawing too much attention,” he said shaking his head. 
“I don’t fight every night and when I do, I only fight once. I make sure to let the other guy land some punches, draw some blood, and no one’s the wiser,” Kato said. 
“You could kill someone with one wrong punch,” Amos declared. 
“But I’m careful,” Kato replied clenching his teeth. 
It was always the same with Amos. He was the oldest. He was the most careful. He always thought of the consequences. He was the alpha. Kato respected his brother, as family and as alpha. He just wanted to have some independence and fun. Was that so wrong?
“You know what we are,” Amos said, calming down. “We shouldn’t use our advantages against others.” 
“Not even if it helps some of the other’s in town that these people take advantage of?” Kato asked. He looked solemnly at both of his brothers, who glanced at each other. 
It was a small town without a name. Everyone simply called it the Rest Stop. Why? Because most people would stop in the town to rest before moving on. His brother’s knew that there were some in the town that didn’t give anyone a break. The supplies store owner, the blacksmith, the banker – just to name a few – were rather ruthless on some of the poorer families. 
Kato knew his brothers didn’t mind him giving some of his winnings to others, but he always left little pouches in the middle of the night so as not to draw their attention or make friends. His brother’s appreciated that much. 
They all looked very similar with their light hair color and tall builds. Often times, the townspeople confused them with each other, calling them by the wrong name. It never bothered them though, and sometimes they even let them use the wrong name for fun. It’s probably why they were still confused after a few years. That and they were reclusive. 
“I’m just afraid fighting will get you in trouble one of these days,” Amos said. 
“Don’t worry about me,” Kato retorted, back to his light-hearted self. “I’m undefeated.” The three of them all looked at each other before starting to chuckle. 
“And always will be,” Bryce added. 
“Until he fights one of us,” Amos said mischievously. 
Bryce snorted as he tried swallowing the drink he just took while Kato looked startled at his brother. They rarely had disagreements, always talked things out, and were always careful and protective of their small pack. They were all they had since their parents had died several years before, and they worked hard to build their ranch as soon as they had found this pretty piece of land. 
“You might be taller and stronger, big brother, but it makes you slow,” Kato challenged leaning forward with a glint in his eyes. 
“Oh really?” Amos replied standing, Kato following suit. Bryce leaned back and chuckled, knowing it was all in good fun. “Let’s just see if you can keep your undefeated reputation!”
The three brothers stood up and walked out. 
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
It was late the next day when Kato finished his chores and met his brothers in the kitchen for supper. 
“What are you doing tonight?” Amos asked as they grabbed biscuits and sliced meat. 
“I’ll probably head to the barn and watch the fights,” Kato answered. Amos looked at him. “I said I was only going to watch,” he repeated. “Why don’t you two come and see?”
“I honestly think I would be bored,” Bryce answered. He had always been the relaxed one of the three. Even in his wolf form, he was calm and observant. 
“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Amos commented, which didn’t surprise Kato one bit. He was always the one to take his convictions seriously and stick by them. 
Kato did feel like he disappointed his brothers a lot. He hated sitting still, and he didn’t see any harm in having some fun. He got bored with running the land in his wolf form a little over a year ago, having done it regularly for the last four to five years. 
They only risked it at night, not wanting anyone to discover their transition. They spent little time as wolves as the town grew, and rarely ever did it for fun anymore. They used to run for miles, and even be gone days at a time. As the ranch and town grew, too much responsibility kept them there. The risk of someone seeing them grew quickly with hunters and land owners. 
Now, they only transitioned once or twice a week to mark their territory from other animals, other transits that were out there, and they only did it after dark. They hadn’t met another one in over two years, but they had learned a lot from one called Beck. He had been wandering, looking for a place to call home. He didn’t wish to stay with them, but they’d never forget what he taught them. 
There were Rogues out there, and they didn’t make any friends. All were considered foe. There were also what Beck called Dissenters, transits that believed they were above both human and half transits. 
Kato and his brothers couldn’t help but be interested, having hardly met any transits outside of their own parents, who were both full transits. Beck was marveled to have met three brothers, all of them full transits. Apparently, it was a rare thing. 
Tonight was one of those nights he had no interest in running the land. The fights were more challenging, gave him more adrenaline, made him feel more alive. He doubted Amos would be interested in another fight, even though he did win the night before. Alpha was always the strongest. It wouldn’t be as much fun anyway.
“Why don’t you stay home tonight?” Amos asked.
“I’m not one for chess,” he mumbled before he took a big bite of an apple. Though the rest of supper was fairly quiet, Amos didn’t make any more objections. Kato was glad for it. “I won’t be out late tonight, and I’ll be ready to help with the cattle in the morning,” he said standing. 
“Sounds good,” Bryce said standing as well. “I’ll wash your dishes tonight. Go on ahead.”
“Thanks,” Kato said grabbing his hat and heading out the door.
“You encourage him when you do that,” Amos stated pouring some coffee. He could hear Kato galloping off towards town. 
“He’s young, Amos,” Bryce replied. “He’s wilder than you and me put together, and he needs to get that energy out. If he can’t do it as a wolf, then he might as well do it as a man.”
Amos released a heavy sigh. “I guess you’re right.”
“He’s careful. He won’t get into too much trouble,” Bryce added.  
Chapter 2

Kaitlyn crept towards the barn as quietly as she could. Not that anyone could hear her too much with all of the shouting coming from inside. She knew she shouldn’t have come to watch the fights again, but she couldn’t stand another night at home with her father and brother. 
Kaitlyn, where’s supper?
Kaitlyn, sew this up.
Kaitlyn, did ye feed the chickens this mornin’? 
Kaitlyn, did ye do the wash?
Kaitlyn this, Kaitlyn that. 
She was sick of it. She was seventeen, of marrying age, but no man in this town wanted an Irish wife. It didn’t take long for her to learn that their heritage was a stink to most of them. There were few that had been kind in the short time they had lived there, but it was mostly the preacher and his wife, and then the store keeper and his wife. That wasn’t much. 
She wished her father had let her stay east with her aunt and uncle. Why her father wanted to come west was beyond sanity. It was his pride to own land and make a name that drove him to this wild, unforgiving land. He didn’t do her any favors then, and he certainly wouldn’t now. 
This wasn’t the first time she ran off and spent the evening away from home, and it probably wouldn’t be the last. Her father and brother slaved her enough, and they could survive another random evening without her, although they’d be furious when she finally returned home.
Granted, the fights were the last place she should go, but there wasn’t anywhere else as interesting as this in the small town. In her brother’s baggy clothes, no one would know she was being improper. She’d simply climb up to the loft again, and watch from there. No one ever noticed her there anyhow. 
Creeping to the back of the barn to climb the rickety old ladder, she looked over her shoulder as she went around the corner to make sure no one saw her. Breathing out slowly, she turned and stopped. 
Where was the ladder? It was always here. She looked around the area and found it leaning on the other side of the wooded building. 
Unfortunately, it was also the side of the water trough, horse post, water pump, and where the men smoked. She sighed and leaned against the back of the barn out of sight. Perhaps she shouldn’t watch the fights and just go home or wander around town. It would be the smart thing to do, but what if Kato Hunter was fighting tonight? 
She’d first watched him fight a few weeks ago, but hadn’t seen him since. He was undefeated, and she could see why. He was muscular, quick, smart, and the most attractive man she’d ever seen. She’d seen plenty of men without their shirts on, but she blushed the moment he had removed his own. After that night, she had wished to see him fight again, but he never fought on the nights she had come since. 
She peeked around the corner, and some men were still there smoking. About ready to give up and leave, she heard a rider approaching and waited. She held her breath when the men exclaimed Kato’s name. She peeked again. 
He dismounted and shook hands with a couple of men. He wore jacket over his shirt, and a pure black Stetson, his blond hair curled under the edges. He stood taller than the others, and his smile melted her naïve heart. They talked to him about fighting, but he said he was only here to watch this time. They went inside and left the ladder open to grab.
She bit her lip, trying to make a decision. She heard he wasn’t going to fight, so why stay? Because he might fight anyway if someone baited or challenged him, and she could watch him all evening whether he fought or not. Tucking a loose strand of hair back into the cap she had tightly on her head, she creeped around the corner and grabbed the ladder.
It was heavier than she thought it would be, but she could drag it. Thinking she heard someone, she dropped it and darted to the back of the barn. Holding her breath and waiting, she couldn’t hear another sound. When she checked again, no one was there. 
Knowing she had to be fast, she rushed to the ladder. Her heart was pounding in her chest and almost exploded when a hand clamped down on her shoulder. She squealed and turned around to see a man had hold on her. 
“I thought I heard a mouse,” he said smiling. She tried to shake him off, but his grip was firm. “What’re you doin’ here boy?” he asked. 
She almost sighed in relief. It was dark enough that he thought she was a boy, so that was good. 
“I said what’re doin’ here?” he asked shaking her and squeezing her shoulder painfully. 
Okay, maybe not so good. She could smell the liquor on his harsh breath. 
“Wanted to watch the fights, eh?” he said. A smile that did nothing to reassure her of his character spread across his face. 
He wasn’t an ugly man. He had mostly straight teeth, though not exactly white, and a trimmed beard. His clothes were nice, and his boots looked fairly new. It was the look in his eyes that gave away the hint he was less than savory. 
“Why don’t you watch them with the rest of the men?”
Afraid her voice would give her away, she shook her head. Just as she was going to step back, two other men appeared from the entrance of the barn and saw them. 
“There you are, Jake,” they said. 
She did step back then, but the man, Jake, took a tight grip on her arm.
“What’s goin’ on?” one of the two men asked. 
“This fella wanted to watch the fights, didn’t ya?” Jake asked turning back to her. 
She shook her head again more emphatically with a low “nu-uh” added. 
“Sure ya did!” he said taking a step. 
She pulled against his hold. “Stop,” she said, praying she sounded like a boy. 
Suddenly, Jake shoved her forward and the two other men caught each arm. She looked at them a moment before they started pulling to the entrance. 
“Aren’t you with that Irish family that showed up in these parts a few weeks ago?” one of them asked. She didn’t respond, afraid.
“I think it is!” the other exclaimed. “He has a son from what I’ve heard. This must be him.”
They neared the entrance and she started struggling then, pulling and kicking as they laughed and made jokes. She was panicking, and if she didn’t get out of this, she was going to be in a world of trouble.  
Chapter 3

Kato had to admit it was hard not to join the fight. There wasn’t near the satisfaction watching it as being in it. He didn’t bet any of his money on it either. None of these men were a guarantee, and he didn’t throw money away. As soon as the fight was over, Charlie found him. 
“Kato!” he exclaimed, happy to see him. “I’ve got someone they say can’t be beat, not even by you!” He laughed. “I told them, ‘Kato can beat anyone!’”
Kato knew the man’s angle, and he wouldn’t be goaded into it. “Not tonight, Charlie,” he said. “I’m still healing up from last night.” It was a complete lie, but it was one Charlie would believe. 
“Ah, he didn’t hit you that hard,” Charlie argued.
“I don’t fight unless I know I can win,” Kato said seriously, hoping to intimidate the man a little bit. He was getting too pushy. “You wouldn’t want me to risk a fight because you couldn’t wait a few nights, do you? When have you seen me fight two nights in a row?” Kato patted him friendly on the shoulder, seeing Charlie was thinking about what he said. “Wait until I’m ready, Charlie. Wouldn’t want to lose all that money, would you?” Two could play the manipulating game. 
“You’ve got it Kato!” he said, nodding his head in agreement. “I’ll tell them Kato is his own man and fights when he wants.” Charlie held out his hand.
“Thanks.” Kato smiled as he shook his hand.
While everyone was waiting for the next fight, he jumped up onto some hay stacks and sat down. He could see the man-made ring well enough without having to stand among the sweaty men. A few others decided to do the same. Were the fights becoming more popular, or was the town growing even more? The barn was getting more crowded by the week.
Charlie didn’t own any live stock, and the building was purely used for the fights. They had started shortly after Charlie had showed up in town, unmarried, no children, and plenty of cash to buy the old barn with a small shack next to it that he lived in. Hay stacks lined the walls, and the loft was mostly bare. The ring was in the center of the barn, outlined with a rope. Torches were lit on support beams throughout for light. 
Kato suspected Charlie had moved on from another town where he hosted fighting and decided to set up here for a while. The men outnumbered the women ten-to-one, and who didn’t enjoy a good, sporting fight?
Kato watched as the fight began. It wouldn’t last very long by the looks of it, and he was already bored. He looked around at the men shouting and cheering. He had to admit, some of them had a crazed look in their eyes. They probably spent their days at the saloon and their nights here. Others were the workmen of the town, well dressed, and looking for entertainment. The sheriff never attended the fights, but Kato knew he would intervene if necessary. 
They started a few months ago, and the sheriff made himself clear the very first night he discovered it. If one illegal thing happened, he’d end it. Lucky for him, he was a man to be reckoned with. Otherwise, the men would have blown him off and did whatever they wanted, legal or not. Gambling and betting might have been frowned on, but it wasn’t illegal in their parts. 
Kato wondered how long it would stay that way with the town growing so quickly. Everyone wanted land, property, something to call their own. By the looks of it, the sheriff might need a deputy soon. 
The fight was coming to an end, it wouldn’t be long now. Still looking around, he noticed a small crowd gathering in a darker corner of the barn. They were in a small circle themselves, and he could see a shorter head in the middle going from one side to the other in the group. Curious, he jumped down and headed over there. Something wasn’t right.
He pushed his way to the front and saw a young boy being pushed around the group roughly. He couldn’t explain it, but his heart began pounding hard at the scene, and anger like he’d never felt before rose in his chest. He couldn’t take his eyes away from the boy. His senses sharpened, and he could practically smell the fear and dread from the young kid. The men around him were clearly drunk and taking pleasure in the boy’s discomfort. He shoved himself into the center and caught the boy in the middle before he fell to the ground. 
“That’s enough,” he shouted straightening himself and the boy in front of him. He was average height for a young man, but lanky and smooth faced. 
What on earth was he doing here? Kato couldn’t explain it, but he felt his senses were disoriented, and just confusing. What was going on? 
“Just havin’ a bit of fun,” a man he recognized as Jake Harris said. He regularly attended the fights. The other men agreed as Jake reached for the boy. “What’s it to you?” he said shoving him back to his friends and slightly staggering. 
Kato shouldn’t have even let him take him, but he didn’t know the boy or who he was, much less who he belonged to. He could see the boy was crying and had a red spot on his cheek. He hated to see others mistreated, but this boy and his helplessness drove a knife through his chest. 
“The boy was being treated unfairly,” Kato said, glancing at the lad again. He looked back at him with wide eyes, practically begging for his help. 
This is exactly why Amos wanted him to stay home. He was interfering, drawing attention. 
He couldn’t help it. Trying to gain some control, he took a couple of deep breaths. Everything he felt, everything he could sense honed into that boy, and Kato had no idea why.
“Is he yours?” Jake asked. Kato shook his head, glaring at the man. “Then it’s none of your business, is it?” His words slurred as he spoke. He turned and backhanded the boy for seemingly no reason and laughed drunkenly. 
Kato felt a rage he couldn’t describe as he saw the boy fall to the ground. He grabbed Harris by the back of his jacket and threw him into the crowd that had gathered the last few minutes. He turned around quickly, knowing there might be a few wanting to defend their friend. Most of them stayed back, probably having seen him fight before. 
When he felt no one would attack, he bent down and picked the boy up. He was dazed and had a bleeding lip, but conscious and able to stand. Jake stepped forward as Kato stepped in front of him. 
“What’s going on here?” Charlie shouted as he pushed his way to the front, no doubt incensed that his arranged fight had been ignored for a side fight. 
“Mr. Hunter is sticking his nose where it don’t belong!” Jake shouted pointing at him. 
“Mr. Harris and his friends,” Kato sneered, “were making sport of a young boy who couldn’t defend himself. I stepped in for the lad.”
Charlie looked back and forth, unsure how to handle the situation. Glancing at the boy, his eyes widened a moment before clearing his throat. Neither Kato nor Jake noticed, still glaring at one another. 
“The boy doesn’t belong here! Throw him out and let’s get on with our fights!” Charlie announced waving his hand as if he didn’t care. 
Kato turned to escort the boy out himself before Jake spoke up.
“Hunter laid a hand on me!” he shouted. “I say he fights for the boy. If he wins, he and the boy can leave. If I win, he returns the boy to me and leaves alone.”
Shouting like Kato had never heard before erupted in the barn. Charlie looked wide-eyed between him and the boy. He cursed, knowing this was out of Charlie’s hands. The crowd was turning into a mob, and he would have to fight or let the boy down. 
“It’s an unfair and inhumane proposal!” Kato shouted into the crowd. Some agreed, he could see. “The boy doesn’t even belong to Mr. Harris!” Unfortunately, the majority only cared for their entertainment and shouted ‘coward’ and yelled for him to leave ‘if he was so scared.’ 
He glanced at the boy over his shoulder and noticed how he hovered so close to him, obviously depending on him for his protection. The fear he could sense was so thick, he knew he wasn’t leaving without this kid in tow. His head was bowed low, face hidden from everyone. Kato’s heart beat hard against his chest, and he knew it was inevitable. 
Sighing and letting his head fall back, he began removing his jacket. The cheers could probably be heard all the way to the ranch, and any minute his brothers would ride in to tell him he should have stayed home. 
He handed his jacket and hat to Charlie, whose eyes expressed nothing but apology. The crowd parted for him to make his way to the ring, and he walked forward. When he entered the circle, he turned to see Jake’s friends holding the boy by the arms once again. He locked eyes with the lad and gave him a reassuring nod. A small smile crept across his face, despite the bleeding lip. He was a pretty boy, a dandy in ragged clothes, and probably wouldn’t make it in these parts unless he toughened up fast. 
Kato looked around to find Jake, his opponent. Finally, the man entered the ring, but not alone. Behind him was the blacksmith, Adam Irons. He doubted the last name was a coincidence. Any man could move out west and take whatever name he wanted. 
Kato looked at Charlie grimly, making the connection quickly. Jake Harris had been the one pushing Charlie to goad him into a fight with the person ‘even he couldn’t beat’. Charlie wouldn’t look him in the eye. 
Harris raised his hands and the crowd quieted for him. 
“Gentlemen, we all know the undefeated Kato Hunter,” he began. “He’s won ten fights among—“
“Twelve,” Kato interjected. Harris’ eyes narrowed at him. “Twelve fights,” he said more pointedly, getting satisfaction at the red heat of anger rising in the man’s neck. He could almost see the steam coming from his ears. Of course, he didn’t need to mention his brother beat him last night. It didn’t count since it wasn’t at the barn.
“Twelve fights among us,” Harris corrected, “but I give you a man who is strong as iron, brought up to endure long hours of hard labor with endurance, and stand against any man who claims to be unbeatable!” Again, roars erupted. 
Kato only stood with a smirk on his face. Technically, he had never stated or claimed to be unbeatable, even though it was true among regular men. It was the lovely crowd around him now that gave him that title, the same mob that quickly turned on him because he didn’t want to fight and give them what they wanted. 
He had been expecting to fight Jake Harris himself, not the giant blacksmith. He could argue the point, but these men wanted blood. A fight with Adam Irons would give them that, and he knew the argument would be pointless. 
He couldn’t help but become disgusted with the people surrounding him. Even Charlie, though the man was just trying to make a living. Kato now realized he had appreciated his undefeated title a little more than he should have. Looking at the blacksmith now, he knew he could beat him. He just had to wear him down, get him weakened, land some serious hits on the man, and knock him out. Unfortunately, it was going to hurt pretty bad if this mammoth got even one punch landed on him. 
He didn’t hear the rest of what Jake Harris said, but he didn’t care. The announcer yelled ‘fight!’ and got out from between him and blacksmith quickly. Smart decision.
The man was taller than Kato, and outweighed him by at least seventy-five pounds of pure muscle. Kato’s only chance was to avoid being hit, get him tired, and then hit him with everything he had. 
They circled each other, and Kato dodged a few swings the man’s meaty fists took at him. He was slower, so that was good. Just to see how the large man could take it, he punched him in a few different places, but quickly got out of his reach. So far, no weak spots. 
Again, his senses suddenly sharpened on to the boy now behind the blacksmith to the left. He glanced to see Harris standing there, an arm around the kid’s shoulders, smiling at him. The young lad clearly leaned away from the bully of a man, tears pooling in his eyes. Kato wanted to punch Harris into the next town and away from him.
He focused back on Adam, who happened to be swinging at him. He barely dodged it in time and could feel the breeze from his fist. 
“Pay attention, Kato!” he heard Charlie yell at him. He took one second to glare at the man, but he knew this time it wasn’t about the money for Charlie. The man genuinely didn’t want to see him hurt. 
“What’s the matter, Kato?” he heard behind him where Harris stood with the boy. “Getting distracted by our little buddy here?” Of course he would try to distract him.
Kato didn’t dare risk looking over his shoulder with Adam grinning, waiting for it. He swung quickly, hitting the man in the right cheek, but he didn’t seem too affected by it. Kato inwardly cursed, unwilling to show his frustration to his opponent. 
“Find his weak spot, boy!” one of his devoted betting men yelled to him. 
Kato wanted to roll his eyes. Of course, why didn’t he already think of that? His frustration was getting to him, and he knew it. He had to calm down. 
“Let me alone!” he heard a young voice cry. He looked to his right and saw Jake and one of his friends holding a mug of beer to his face.
Before he saw it, Adam’s fist landed under his chin and knocked him on his back. He felt his teeth slam shut and distractedly thought how glad he was his tongue hadn’t been caught in between. 
“Get up!” Charlie yelled. “Get up!”
Some of the roaring was blurred, and Kato couldn’t understand much of what was being shouted at him. He stood and stumbled a bit. Suddenly, he felt the blacksmith’s punch to the kidney. He arched backwards as the sharp pain shot through his entire body. It was blinding for a moment as he landed on his hands and knees, and all he could think was that if Adam got another punch, he and the boy would be in serious trouble. 
Kindly enough, the man seemed to let Kato recover a moment. Maybe he thought it was unfair to keep hitting him, or maybe he thought it was a cheap shot. Kato looked over at him as he paraded around his side of the ring with fists lifted. Oh, he thought he was going to win. 
He then looked up to see the boy looking directly back at him, pure concern and worry for him on his face, not fear for himself. It touched Kato’s heart a bit to think this lad cared for him like his brothers did. He didn’t even know the kid’s name.
Harris wrapped an arm around the kid’s neck and said something to him while pointing at Kato on the ground. Anger came across his face as he tried to shove the man’s arm away, but Jake just laughed. 
Kato could sense his body wanting to transition, right here and right now. The pain was replaced with a fire in his belly as he stood up. The crowd began to quiet, and Kato waited patiently as Adam turned to see him standing. 
“Fight’s not over, Mr. Irons,” Kato said, his fists clenched at his sides. The blacksmith lowered his head and smiled. He knew he couldn’t transition, but his senses were sharp and ready. 
“Atta boy, Kato!” Charlie shouted into the silence. 
Again, they circled each other around the ring. The crowd wasn’t near as loud as it had been, most of them murmuring, talking, and wondering. 
Kato quit thinking like a man, and began thinking like a wolf. They had found his weak spot, and it was the boy. It was his turn, and this fight would be over. What did wolves go for when they fought their enemies? The throat. 
Adam took a swing, but Kato dodged it and punched the man in the chest. The man was tall, and he’d have to aim a little higher. The blacksmith did lose some of his breath and stumbled backwards, and Kato reminded himself not to kill him when he punched his target. 
“No!” Kato turned to see one of the men had the kid by the chin, forcing his mouth open. Harris was getting ready to pour some of his beer into it. 
Rage returned with a vengeance, and Kato turned to end this fight. He charged the blacksmith with a roar and punched his middle repeatedly and fast. Finally, the man lowered his arms protecting his face and neck to block his middle, and Kato took his opportunity. 
He drove his fist into the front of the man’s upper chest hard, sending him backwards. Not wasting a moment or letting Adam catch his breath, he punched the side of his throat, sending him into a coughing fit. He was glad he had been able to control himself, because killing him would have been a mistake. 
He threw a left punch in the man’s face, and then right without hesitation. Hoping it would finish it, he used the same uppercut that Adam had used on him, and sent the man sprawling back. He didn’t land hard, almost like he just rolled onto his back and laid there. When he didn’t move, Kato turned and stalked straight for Jake Harris.
The man held the beer near the boy’s face, but clearly their shenanigans had stopped the moment he toppled the blacksmith. Grabbing the beer out of his hand, he threw it straight to the ground shattering the glass everywhere, beer splattering the floor. Then he turned and jerked Harris by the jacket nose-to-nose. 
“Touch this kid again, and I’ll kill you,” Kato growled lowly. He shoved the man backwards and stepped under the rope to the other side of the ring. The other man immediately let go of the kid when Kato glared. “Let’s go,” he said taking the boy by the arm. 
The barn was quiet, no one cheering and celebrating their winnings. Maybe they had realized they’d gone a bit too far this time. Maybe they had lost everything betting on Adam Irons. Either way, Kato decided his fighting days were over. These men had taken it too far. 
He pulled the kid with him to his horse and easily lifted him into the saddle. He was about to mount up, when he heard someone call his name.
“Wait,” Charlie said, bringing his jacket and hat. 
Kato handed his jacket to the kid, much too hot to wear it. His jaw hurt, his back hurt, and his heart was pumping hard and fast. He wanted blood, and his wolf was close to the surface. Much too close. He slammed his hat on his head and got on the horse behind the boy.
“I’m sorry Kato, I know it got out of hand tonight.” Charlie nudged some dirt with the toe of his boot as he apologized.
“I’ll be back for my share,” he said angrily before he nudged his horse forward. 
Chapter 4

Kaitlyn’s heart was ready to burst out of her chest from the events. She shed her tears as quietly as she could. It was her fault Mr. Hunter had gotten into this mess and probably hurt. She wanted to cry. She wanted to disappear and forget what happened. She wanted to punch that chubby, no-good Jake Harris in the face!
She sat ramrod straight in the saddle, doing all she could to avoid touching the man behind her. Her lip wasn’t bleeding anymore, but it pulsed and was swelling. She lifted a hand to her cheek, and it was tender, probably bruising already. 
“Where do you live? I’ll take you home,” he said, his voice low and steady. 
Was he in a lot of pain? Mr. Irons had hit him pretty hard a few times. There was a moment she thought he was going to lose, and she wanted more than anything to help him.
Suddenly, she almost gasped. She couldn’t go home! One, he might discover she’s actually a woman. Two, her father would most likely add to her bruises for what happened tonight. He’d never let her leave the house again. 
“Are you hurt badly?” Mr. Hunter then asked leaning forward to look at her face.
She turned away and shook her head. Lord have mercy, don’t let him get a close look at her face. It was pure grace that none of the men discovered she was a female in the middle of that brawl. That, and they were all drunk with liquor and gambling. 
“Are you an orphan?” he then asked. 
The horse was stopped now, and she didn’t know what to do. Maybe he would just let her off here, and she could sleep in the barn behind her house. She began to get off when his arms crowded around her.
“What are you doing?” he asked stopping her dismount. “We’re not near anywhere, much less a shelter of some sort.” 
She sat still. She could try getting down again, but she was also afraid of his temper after what she’d seen tonight. 
“You’re an orphan aren’t you?” he asked quietly.
She thought about it. Why not? 
Nodding her head yes, Mr. Hunter sighed. Letting him think her an orphan was much better than telling him the truth. She would be humiliated if he discovered she was a woman, and he’d probably yell at her for pulling a stunt like she did and getting him into that horrible fight. 
After another moment, he nudged his horse in a slightly different direction. Uh-oh.
“Me and my brothers got a ranch about an hour down the trail,” he explained. “You can stay there tonight, and we’ll figure something out in the morning. Maybe we can let you do some work for food and shelter, until you decide what you want to do.”
That was generous, and Kaitlyn couldn’t let it go unanswered. She mumbled a low ‘thank you’ and hoped he would leave it at that. She tried not to panic so she could think of some way out of this. She couldn’t let them wake up and find out she was a young woman. She may be able to hide it with a setting sun and dim barns, but the light of day? No. 
As they rode down the trail, she figured her plan. She could stay at the ranch without a problem, and leave in the morning before dawn. They’d simply think the ‘orphan’ ran off and probably wouldn’t worry too much about it. No one cared much about orphans in these parts.
Facing her father and brother in the morning terrified her, and she considered trying to jump on the stage back east and find her aunt and uncle. They treated her better, and they certainly wouldn’t use a forceful hand. Granted, her father didn’t beat her per say, more like strongly disciplined. She inwardly sighed, knowing either way it was wrong. Sure, children got spanked, but she didn’t deserve the smacks he threw around. 
She was sick of the men out here. She wouldn’t marry anyone who acted out in a violent manner, which out-ruled every man in the west. Well, every man except for preachers, and she certainly didn’t have the temperament a preacher needed in a wife. She’d have to head east as soon as possible. 
When they finally arrived at the ranch, Mr. Hunter dismounted and let her get down in the barn. She kept her distance in the shadows as he removed the saddle and gave the animal some feed. After putting his horse out to graze, he led her with a lantern towards the large farm house. 
It was easy to see in the moonlight. She was somewhat awed, it being two stories and well taken care of. They definitely hadn’t spared expenses when building it, and they definitely made sure to take care of it. She would have loved to have seen it during the daytime.
He put a finger to his lips for her to be quiet and led her inside. She looked away when she saw the cut on his cheek, grimacing. He shut the door quietly behind her and led her to a room on the right, just around the corner. 
“It’s not much, but it’s got a small cot and a blanket,” he said. 
She looked to see no windows, but the front door was close enough and she could sneak out just as quietly as they had gotten in. 
“We get up around dawn to start breakfast and the chores,” he whispered. “I’ll wake you up when the food is ready, and you can meet my brothers.” 
Perfect. She nodded like she thought a boy would, and sat down on the bed, unfolding the blanket. She’d be gone long before breakfast.
“What’s your name?” he suddenly asked. 
She paused for a moment, and then replied quietly, “Brennan.” She borrowed her brother’s clothes, why not his name?
“Good night, Brennan,” he said. Without another word, he closed the door. 
She lay down on the softest pillow she’d had in months, and then brought the blanket up to her chin. Her head hurt something fierce, and she prayed it’d be gone by morning. 
“Goodnight, Kato,” she whispered. She was asleep in no time. 
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Kato should have asked the kid if he needed anything, but he was in pain and exhausted. He just wanted to lie down and sleep so his body could heal. He’d definitely have a bruise to explain to his brothers, not to mention their guest in the extra room. He finished washing at the basin table and dried off.
Rest Stop wasn’t too far from other towns nearby, but far enough that he was surprised an Irish orphan made it to their little area. Maybe he had come in on the stage looking for better things and got stuck. Orphan wagons never stopped here. 
They could give him some work, some place to sleep, enough food to fill him out, and then he could decide where to go. Until then, Kato was going to shape this kid up. A lot of people didn’t care for the Irish kind, which was stupid. They had as much right to try for a better living as anyone did in the territories. The Indians were already suffering because every white man believed he was entitled to it better than them, all in the name of progress.
He still didn’t know why the boy affected him so badly, and he didn’t know why he felt so protective of him. Maybe he saw something he just didn’t realize yet. Anyway, this evening was a complete fog to him, and he was going to need sleep and clear his head up before tomorrow.  
Chapter 5

It had been hours, but to Kato it had felt like moments before he was awake again. It took a second, but he finally realized someone was banging on their front door. 
Jumping out of bed he put on his britches and buttoned up a shirt wrong as he descended the stairs with Bryce right behind him. They reached the bottom just as a grumpy Amos opened the door.
“What?” he asked angrily.
“Where’s me daughter?” a man with black hair demanded, shoving his way inside the living area. 
“What?” the three brothers asked in sync. 
The preacher followed the angry Irishman in along with a red headed boy taller and more filled out than the boy Kato had rescued the night before. The preacher looked like he had just gotten out of bed too, which he probably had because it was only an hour before dawn.
“Me daughter!” he shouted. “I want her, now!”
“Mr. MacGuire, please calm down, and let’s talk civilly,” the preacher admonished gently. 
“Do you mean your son?” Kato asked. 
Bryce and Amos looked at him a moment before turning back to their unwanted guests.
“No!” he shouted again. Was this man hard of hearing? “Me son is right here in front of me,” he said motioning to the red-haired young man. “I want me daughter, Kaitlyn!”
Kato looked at Amos and then turned to look at Bryce, who had disappeared somewhere. Probably back to bed, which Kato wanted to as well. Who was Kaitlyn, and why did the man think she was here?
“Kato?” Amos asked putting his hands on his hips. The four of them looked at him.
“There was an Irish kid at the fights last night, and things got a little out of hand. I took care of it, but he told me he was an orphan. So, I gave him a place to sleep here until the morning,” he explained, ending it with a shrug.
“Me daughter stayed under the same roof with three bachelors?” the man asked, incensed. 
“It was a boy!” Kato exclaimed throwing his hands in the air, tired of the man shouting at them. 
Suddenly, from the back of the house in the kitchen, all of them heard a scream. A woman’s scream. Kato looked at Amos with wide, surprised eyes. His brother simply glared back at him. 
This was bad. 
Finally, Bryce appeared with a young woman in his arms struggling, kicking and hitting at his arm around her middle. 
“Unhand me, ye brute!” she screeched. 
She just happened to be wearing the same clothes as the boy he helped last night, except instead of a cap, there was red, wavy hair coming to her shoulders. 
Kato leaned his head back and covered his face with both hands. 
This was very bad. 
Maybe he was having a nightmare. 
“Kaitlyn!” the Irishman roared. 
Nope, not a nightmare. Besides, he could still feel the pain in his side where the blacksmith had landed a shot on him. 
Her father took her arm and yanked her forward. Bryce let go to prevent hurting her. “What have ye done this time?”
“Nothing father! I swear!” she said, pulling against his hold. 
“What’s happened to yer face?” he said grabbing her chin. 
Kato couldn’t explain it, but it was just as it had been at the fight. He wanted to throttle her father for handling her so. He took a step forward, but Amos grabbed his wrist and gave him a warning glare. 
“She was trying to sneak out the back,” Bryce said coming to stand between them.
“I went to the fights and got caught,” she answered, her accent slurred with her father’s fingers holding her chin. “Some of the men made sport of me, thinkin’ I was a lad.”
“Your bruises must be the evidence of you ‘taking care of it’,” Amos said sardonically to Kato. 
He barely acknowledged his brother, keeping an eye on Kaitlyn and her father. 
Amos and Bryce glanced at each other, curious of his reaction. Kato usually had a smart retort up his sleeve. 
They watched as Kaitlyn’s father yelled at her for sneaking out of the house when she had chores to tend and supper to make. Her brother jumped in saying a thing or two, and finished with accusing her of playing the whore.
“Enough!” Kato shouted. He wouldn’t stand for that. 
“Did ye take advantage of her?” her father asked, taking a step closer to Kato. 
He glanced at the firm hold the man had on Kaitlyn’s arm, knowing it was hurting her. “No,” Kato answered through clenched teeth. He could sense Kaitlyn’s distress, and it sent his stomach rolling.
“Did ye, or ye?” the man questioned looking at both of his brothers, who simply stood there, answering him with a glare of insult. “Preacher, I demand one of these boys,” he snarled, “marry me daughter.”
Amos took a step forward and Bryce unfolded his arms as the three of them both shouted ‘what’ at the same time. Kato stood stock-still, heart pounding.
“Father!” Kaitlyn shouted. “Just take me home, I’ll do me chores,” she begged, pulling on his arm. He shook her off.
“Nothing inappropriate has happened in this house,” Amos declared folding his arms. 
The preacher looked grimly at all of them. “I believe your word, Amos, but it does not change that she has been here without a chaperone for hours during the night,” he stated. 
“Preacher Lewis,” Kato entreated, “I didn’t even know she was a she.” 
He could feel his brothers glaring at him. If he hadn’t been so distracted, confused, and beat up, his senses would have probably picked up on that little detail. Maybe. He had been so disoriented, he didn’t know what to think now.
“It does not matter. Her reputation will be ruined otherwise,” he responded with a shake of his head.
“If they’ll not marry her, then I’ll sell her to the whore house,” her father said. 
“No!” Kato shouted, infuriated. 
Everyone stood silent except for Kaitlyn.
“Nay, father!” she said, taking his arm again. 
Cursing, he turned and raised his hand to strike, but it was caught on the down-swing. He turned an angry look to Kato, who stood very close to him.
His son and stepped forward to either defend or help his father, but Amos held up his arm to bar the young man from them. He gave Amos a mutinous glare, but stayed put nonetheless.
“If you touch her again, I will make you regret it,” Kato threatened. 
Bryce stood just behind him, ready to intervene if necessary. 
“Enough,” Amos ordered, his brows furrowed together in anger and confusion. 
Kato let go of the man’s wrist after giving a tight squeeze in warning. 
“Preacher,” her father growled, rubbing his wrist just a bit.
Kato stepped back and looked at his brothers. There was no getting out of this, and he knew it. He glanced at her, and could see clearly how feminine she was. Her nose was turned up at the end, her lips full and shapely. Freckles sprinkled her nose. 
How on earth did he and sixty other men go without realizing she was a woman? Tears slid down her cheeks as she looked up at her father, still begging with her eyes that he take her home. If they had realized her true nature, Kato would have had to do much more to keep her safe. 
“I’m sorry, Kaitlyn,” Preacher Lewis said. 
She then looked at the older man, betrayal all over her face. She must have trusted him to get her out of this mess since her own father wouldn’t listen to her. Instead, he insisted her reputation be saved.
Kato looked at Amos, who looked grim and regretful. If one of them was going to step up, it would be him. He made the hard decisions. He thought of the consequences. He made the sacrifice. As Kato thought about it, burning filled his chest. 
Neither of his brothers fought for her last night. Neither of them saw how brave she was while he was fighting. Neither of them felt rage when someone laid a hand on her. The thought of her marrying Amos or Bryce sent him into a whirl of emotions. Anger, regret, jealousy, but most of all heartbreak. He thought of all of this in the span of a few seconds. She belonged with him. She was his. 
He could see Amos take a breath to speak. “She’ll marry me,” Kato said determinedly. He looked at her only to see her brows furrow in anger. He didn’t expect happiness, or even gratitude, but anger? He had thought maybe surprise would have been the first reaction.
“Kato,” Amos said warningly. 
He looked at his brother, steadfast and unmoving. “She’s mine,” he growled, barely audible, but he knew his brothers had heard him. 
Amos and Bryce looked at each other surprised, but said nothing else and didn’t make any more objections. 
“Kaitlyn, if you could come stand next to Mr. Hunter,” Preacher Lewis said as cheerfully as he could muster. 
Kato looked over to see she wouldn’t look him or anyone in the eye. Her father moved to either usher or shove her, he didn’t know. When the man glanced at him, he gave one shake of his head in warning, and her father dropped his hand. 
“It’s either this or the whore house,” her father growled next to her. He probably hadn’t meant for anyone to hear, but Kato heard him and wanted to kick the man out the front door. Transits had much better hearing, but his hearing had sharpened even more if possible. 
He could see she was thinking, but it was only a short moment before she somewhat stomped her way to his side. He grinned, her cute little stomps amusing him. He took her handle gently in his, and he felt her go still. Listening, her heartbeat sped up quickly, and he looked to see her cheeks almost as red as her hair. 
It was strange, because he never had paid much attention to his senses until now. They seemed to completely focus on her in every way. She even had a scent he could faintly smell, a sweet air about her. He almost chuckled, not having found anything sweet about this woman so far. 
His senses had awakened the moment he saw her being pushed around at the barn last night. He didn’t feel like a man, or that he could transition into a wolf. He was both. He was whole.  
He and Kaitlyn both said ‘I do’ in the right place, but neither knew what to do when Preacher Lewis ended the ceremony. 
“You may kiss the bride,” he said closing his book. 
Kato wouldn’t have minded kissing her, but he doubted she would accept or appreciate it. Instead, he lifted her hand to his lips and gently kissed it. She must have been surprised because her eyes were wide, and he noticed now that they were a beautiful, light brown. He bet in the sunlight they could even look golden. 
“Well, now that this has been taken care of, I will be on my way home to breakfast. Congratulations to you both,” the preacher said as he shook each of their hands. He left without another word.
“I’m proud of ye Kaitlyn, for doin’ what’s proper,” her father said awkwardly. “Come Brennan,” he said turning and walking out the door, her brother behind him. 
Kato caught her brother’s name and looked down at her, grinning. She blinked in embarrassment as she looked away. When Amos shut the door, they all looked around in awkward silence. 
What now? 
Kaitlyn refused to look at any of them.
Being no help, Amos cleared his throat and mentioned something about starting breakfast. Bryce quickly followed and mumbled about getting dressed and helping him, and Kato and Kaitlyn were left alone. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Kaitlyn,” Kato said, actually feeling happy. He had a wife, and she was beautiful, spirited if the previous night was any indication, and utterly adorable at the moment. He suddenly sensed her fear, and it bothered him. “You have nothing to be afraid of here,” he quickly added. 
“I’m not afraid,” she said turning towards him, her brows furrowed together as she looked at him. Her chin jutted out a little, a stubborn look on her face. 
She was feisty too. 
Kato was stunned for a moment, because it was definitely fear he was sensing. Apparently, little Kaitlyn puts on a brave face when afraid. The kitten hissing at the wolf.
The top of her head barely reached his shoulders, and she was very thin. That explained why it was so easy for her to pose as a young boy. Her father and brother probably didn’t take care of her as they should have. 
“I’d prefer to be alone if ye don’t mind,” she said quietly, glancing towards the small room she had slept in. She was overwhelmed, and Kato didn’t need his senses to see that.
“Of course,” he said stepping to the side. “Just let me know if you need anything, Kaitlyn.” He liked saying her name, now that he actually knew it. 
Without another word, she gently closed the door. 
Kato joined Amos in the kitchen and waited for Bryce.
Chapter 6

 Kaitlyn cried until her head hurt so badly, she felt like crying from the pain but didn’t. This is the worst mess she’d gotten herself into yet, and she didn’t know how she was going to get out of it. She was married!
“Kaitlyn, what were ye thinkin’?” she asked herself.
Granted, Kato was very handsome, and even had a gentlemanly, protective quality about him. He fought for her last night thinking her a lad in trouble, and he interfered this morning when her brute of a father would have struck her. Unfortunately, this was all she knew. 
He hadn’t been courting or planning on a wife, and now she was thrust on him. He probably wishes he had left her to the brawling last night and never laid eyes on her. The only way to get out of a marriage was divorce, and she’d need to find a judge, and have money to pay him. She didn’t worry about Kato agreeing, having been practically shoved into this too. Perhaps he would pay for it? 
Then again, from what she gathered, she was the only woman here. Would the three of them expect her to cook, wash, sew, and clean for them? If that’s the case, Kato might not be so agreeable with a divorce. 
She huffed in annoyance. Why were men so controlling? Who cares if her reputation was ruined? She was Irish! Her blood alone gave her a bad reputation! 
She wished she had been a man when her father had said he’d sell her to the saloon. If she had been, she would have beaten him to a bloody pulp then and there, and she would have left for her aunt and uncle. Instead, she was an impulsive, head-strong, young woman that got herself into this mess. She flopped back down on the cot. She should have somehow gotten some money and saved enough to take the stage back east. 
Sitting up quickly, she had an idea. The stage would be heading out of Rest Stop this afternoon and heading to the next town. If she could pose as a young man again, perhaps she could catch a ride on the luggage rack. The next town was at least a day away by stage, and she could get some work there and save enough to go and live with her aunt and uncle. It was a bigger town, and she remembered seeing a boarding house when they passed through it on their way to Rest Stop. 
She had to get home and get some clothes, and then catch the stage on its way out of town. Her father and brother would be out tending the fields, so she could probably sneak in and get a few more of her brother’s clothes. 
Her heart sped up at the hope budding in her chest. Could she do this? There would be no protection for her the moment she left, and she’d be on her own. Should she really risk it, or just stay and see how life with the Hunters would be? She cringed at the thought of three men she knew next to nothing about. Choose the option that gave her a way to do what she thought best, or choose the option where she didn’t know the outcome. 
She stood up and quietly stepped to the door. Cracking it, she peaked out. She could hear the three of them murmuring in the kitchen, and a part of her wanted to listen. Were they talking about her, her family, what happened? 
She rolled her eyes at herself. Of course they were! What else would they be talking about? The weather? 
She still wanted to listen and know what they were saying. Maybe they were talking about what to do with her. 
How long would they just let her sit in her room? She had to get as much of a head start as she could. The stage was leaving today and wouldn’t be back for who knows how long. She had to take her chances, and she had to do it now.
Closing the door to the room as quietly as she could, she waited until she heard them still murmuring. If they stayed in the kitchen, they wouldn’t see her running down the trail in the front of the house. She crept to the door, and snuck out. It was still dim out, and she mumbled a prayer of thanks. The light would be coming soon, but until then she’d have some cover, no matter how little. 
She walked quietly off the front porch and as soon as her feet hit the dirt, she took off running, glad there was nothing to carry and slow her down. She was pretty fast, faster than her brother at least. She outran him easily, his thicker frame slowing him down. She paced her breathing so she wouldn’t wear out as quickly and continued running. She’d slow down when she reached the trees on both sides of the road. 
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
“How could you not notice she was a woman?” Amos asked, his voice whispered in disbelief so she couldn’t hear him. 
“I don’t know,” Kato answered defensively. “It was a really strange night for me.” He stood behind a chair across from Amos and Bryce who sat in theirs.
Amos sighed as he ran a hand through his hair.
“The morning hasn’t been too good to you either,” Bryce mumbled.
“All I know is the moment I saw them shoving her around in that circle, I wanted to rip every one of them apart. I could practically smell the fear rolling off of her, and I just wanted to get her out of there. I didn’t pay attention to anything else,” he explained. “It didn’t matter who she was, or what she was doing there. I wasn’t leaving without her,” he finished, pointing towards the small room she now sat in. “I just thought it was a boy because she was dressed like one. No one else noticed either.” He pulled the chair out and sat down.
“No one else was a transit,” Amos argued. “Weren’t you using your senses? Not the common kind, the transit kind.”
“My senses were all over the place at that point,” Kato answered leaning back in his chair. “I could only focus on her.”
“How much did you drink?” Amos questioned, his eyes narrowed in suspicion. 
“I don’t drink when I’m at the fights,” Kato said, lowering voice in warning. His brothers could accuse him of being lazy with his skills, but not stupid. Besides, it took a lot of beer to get a transit drunk.
“Then what was wrong?” Amos was clearly becoming frustrated, wanting an answer for everything. 
Kato sighed and let his head fall back. He didn’t have any answers. 
“It was Kaitlyn,” Bryce said as if it was the obvious answer. 
Amos and Kato both looked at him, wondering if he was just now waking up and listening. 
“She’s his mate.” He took a drink of coffee.
Kato looked at Amos whose eyes opened a little wider, and he inhaled a large breath before slowly letting it out and deflating. “You’re right,” he whispered, his tone giving Kato the impression he was surprised, shocked, even awed. 
That didn’t seem right. Amos was always ready and had answers. He looked at Bryce who gave him a rakish grin. 
“Okay, what are you talking about, and why don’t I know about it too?” Kato asked, throwing his hands up and letting them fall back down onto the table. 
“Go ahead, Bryce,” Amos said. “You’ll probably explain it better than me.” He took a large drink of hot coffee, obviously looking for a distraction.
“Remember how Ma and Pa got along?” Bryce asked his younger brother. 
“Yeah, they were in love,” Kato said, not impressed with his brother’s deduction. 
He shook his head. “No, they were mates,” he said. When Kato still had a lost expression, he continued. “They talked about it a little bit before they died, and you were young enough that you probably don’t remember. Full blooded transits have mates, one individual that completes her or him. Wolves choose one mate for life, so ma and pa always believed that the wolf side of transits is what causes a full-blood to have a mate. The human side is what causes the bond to strengthen with love and all that.”
Kato sat silent for a moment, thinking it over. 
“You said you weren’t leaving without her,” Amos commented. “You also said you wanted to rip them apart after seeing them bully her.”
“Well, yeah,” Kato agreed. 
“That’s your wolf side, recognizing your mate,” Bryce explained. 
“So, does that mean you two have mates out there somewhere?” Kato asked leaning forward.
“Supposed to,” Bryce commented with a shrug. 
“What exactly does it mean, though?” Kato asked. “I mean, regular people fall in love, get married, have kids, that sort of thing. What’s so different about mates?”
“I think it’s a more intense kind of bonding,” Amos answered. 
Bryce and Kato looked at him closely, waiting for more clarification. He cleared his throat. 
“You know, your wolf side is more prominent, protective, and she’s the most important thing in the world.” His face turned a little red, embarrassed to be talking about emotional things. He had never experienced a mate, but he wanted to. He just wasn’t going to admit it to his brothers. 
“That makes sense,” Kato said nodding. “My senses were all over the place at first, but during the fight, I had a hard time focusing on anything but her. It got Adam Irons a few good hits, too.” He rubbed his jaw. Luckily, the pain was subsiding. The cut on his cheek was nearly gone already.
“Adam Irons, the blacksmith?” Bryce questioned, a smile crossing his face. 
Kato nodded and his brothers laughed, both leaning back in their seats. 
“He’s the biggest and meanest man in town,” Amos commented.
“Yeah, well Jake Harris thought he was too,” Kato stated, “but I’m still undefeated, and now I’ve got me a mate.” He folded his hands behind his head leaning back, a smile now on his face. 
“Harris, the farmer?” Amos asked, his amusement dying. Kato nodded and dislike crossed his brother’s face. “He’s an overconfident boar. Was he the one that started the ruckus with the girl?”
“Kaitlyn,” Kato supplied, one eyebrow raised. “And I don’t know if he started it, but he definitely bullied her and started the fight. He got everyone worked up and there was no leaving unless I beat Adam. Well, not leaving with both me and Kaitlyn unharmed. The crowd practically turned into a mob.”
“Neither of you left ‘unharmed’ by the looks of it,” Bryce said taking his cup to the porcelain sink. 
“You know what I mean,” Kato replied. It was quiet a moment. “I don’t know what to do,” he said quietly. “I found out she was a woman, her name is Kaitlyn, and that she’s my mate in the same morning. On top of it, we’re already married, and I don’t know a thing about her.”
Amos looked at him, sympathizing, but not having the answers. “What do you think you should do?” he finally asked. 
“Maybe go try to talk to her for a start,” Kato answered looking down the hallway to the room. “She’s had a little bit to herself. Maybe she’ll be more willing to talk now.” Amos nodded in agreement.
“Ma and Pa were mates. What do you remember most about them?” Bryce asked leaning against the wooden counter. 
“They were in love, devoted, and inseparable,” Kato answered with a small smile. “But they were also both full bloods, whereas Kaitlyn’s only human. She doesn’t even know our kind exists.”
“What made Ma and Pa so devoted was what they felt for each other, and always trying for the other,” Amos stated quietly, looking hard into the bottom of his cup. 
“You and Kaitlyn can have that too,” Bryce continued after a moment. “Just keep trying for your mate, and I think she’ll come around.”
Kato nodded and stood, taking a breath before heading to the small room Kaitlyn was in. The sun was shining brightly through the living area’s windows, and he thought maybe a walk around the land would be a good start. 
The sun rising on it was one of the most beautiful things Kato had ever seen. Perhaps, Kaitlyn would think so too. If he could get her to fall in love with the land, then he’d have an easier time getting her to fall in love with him. 
Hopefully. 
Maybe? 
Well, at least they’d have something in common.
Chapter 7

Meanwhile in the kitchen, Amos and Bryce looked at each other a moment. 
“Think he has a chance?” Amos asked with a lopsided grin.
“She’s definitely a feisty one,” Bryce commented with raised eyebrows. “He’ll have his hands full.” 
They could hear Kato faintly knocking on the small bedroom’s door.
Amos turned and waited only a moment before laughing, entertained by his younger, bull-headed brother being married to a stubborn, head-strong girl. 
Kato rushed back into the kitchen looking grim. “She’s gone.” He was holding the cap she had worn to hide her hair the night before. 
Bryce and Amos both stood up. “We’ll start tracking her,” Amos said unbuttoning his shirt and heading for his bedroom on the main floor. 
“Go on horseback, Kato,” Bryce said grabbing the cap. “We’ll track her, and you can follow.”
Kato ran out to the barn and had a horse saddled by the time his brothers joined him, both larger-than-average wolves. The three of them headed down the trail. As soon as they reached the trees, his brothers would have to be cautious in making sure no one saw them. It was morning, and anyone could take a shot at them. 
Amos took the lead, Bryce slightly behind him on the right, and Kato followed a ways back. The horses always became more skittish when they were in their wolf forms, and they panicked if too close to them. 
Kato’s heart was racing. She ran from him, and that was a bad sign to the start of their relationship, their marriage. He sighed, wishing he had tried talking to her sooner. If her father and brother were any indication, she didn’t want to be stuck in a house with three strange men she didn’t trust, much less even know. 
He couldn’t help but wonder where she was going. Maybe home to beg her father to take her back. Would he then let her get a divorce? That was the last thing Kato would allow. He was a prideful man, though, Kato could tell. A divorced daughter would shame the man too much. 
All Kato knew was that he needed to find her before her father and brother, or someone else did first. Without that cap to hide her hair, she was easily recognizable as a young woman. On a trail. Alone. Without protection. 
Kato cursed, and his brothers looked at him over their furry shoulders. They had to find her. 
Sensing his worry, they picked up their pace and split up on either side of the road covering more ground, looking for her scent.  
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Kaitlyn wasn’t far from home. Another half hour or so, and she’d be able to see it in the distance. She’d have to be careful not to let her father or Brennan see her, though. The trail was rougher this far out, but the trees thinned out the closer she came to home. 
“This is the smart thing to do, Kaitlyn,” she said, talking to herself keeping the fear at bay. “Ye’ll make it to the next town in no time, and then ye’ll just write to uncle and tell him you need the fare to come back east. He’ll be missin’ ye and glad to have ye back, especially if it’ll make aunt happy.”
How different her uncle was from her own father. Of course, aunt was her mother’s sister, and uncle had loved her mother like his own sister. It made them quite close. Her mother had died with the third babe, and Kaitlyn had just been a small child at the time. She wished she could say it was then her father became a hard man, losing his lover and third child, but it wasn’t the case. 
He had been a hard man since Kaitlyn could remember. Her aunt and uncle often spoke of how they had wished her mother hadn’t married him, but she declared her love and wouldn’t hear a word against her husband. 
Kaitlyn smiled, knowing she had been gifted with her mother’s stubborn character. Her father may have complained about it often, but Kaitlyn reveled in it. 
Galloping hoof-beats brought her out of her thoughts. She turned around and stopped, listening. She didn’t know who it was, but they were getting closer. Not wanting to be found alone on the trail, she darted into the trees on the side. They were thinner here, but she stayed low hoping the passer-by wouldn’t be paying too much attention. 
She waited and grunted in frustration the moment she saw Kato on horseback. How did he know to come this way instead of towards town? She almost gasped loudly when she saw the two large dogs on either side of him, sniffing the trail. He was tracking her! 
She groaned, and knew he’d find her the moment those blasted dogs caught her scent going off of the trail. Trying to be quiet, she began walking hunched over towards home again. She had no idea how she’d lose them, but she was going to try. 
Hearing a short bark, she stopped. She glanced over her shoulder, and it looked like both wolves were looking directly at her spot. Her stomach dropped as Kato dismounted and began walking forward. After a moment he sniffed the air. 
Why was he sniffing the air? She didn’t smell that bad. 
Not taking any chances, she stood straight and took off running through the trees. Two howls pierced the air. 
Howls? 
“Kaitlyn!” Kato shouted. She looked over her shoulder to see him drop the reigns and take off after her. 
Knowing the woods would slow her down, she got onto the road as she ran. She pushed herself harder, hoping she could outrun him like she did her brother. Glancing back, he was catching up to her, and fast. 
“Kaitlyn, stop!” he shouted.
“Leave me alone!” she screamed as she continued running. Desperation consumed her as she realized he’d catch her. She let out a cry as she heard his footsteps right behind her. It was only a few seconds later she felt his hand grab her wrist. “No!” she cried angrily as he immediately slowed down, pulling her to a stop with him.
“Calm down,” he said as she yanked away from him. 
“Let me go!” she screamed again, hitting him with her free fist. 
“Why did you run?” Kato asked firmly as he restrained her other hand. 
Tears were sliding down her cheeks now, and she hated them. “Let go,” she ordered as severely as she could.
“Not until you calm down,” he retorted. 
Kaitlyn immediately stood still, but still resisted his hold on her as she glared at him. She ground her teeth and breathed heavily through her nose.
“Why did you leave wi—ouch!” 
He had released her as he spoke, and she gave him a swift kick to his shin. She’d see how fast he ran then.
Unfortunately, he grabbed the back of her brother’s baggy shirt and pulled hard before she got out of his reach. She stumbled backwards and tripped, but he caught her before she hit the ground. She grunted as she struggled, but he simply wrapped his arms around her squeezed.
“Ah,” she cried out. “Stop!”
“Are you finished?” he asked, his tone unamused. 
“Aye! Yer hurtin’ me,” she gasped. 
He immediately loosened his hold, but still kept her confined in his arms. She tried catching her breath and didn’t say anything. Her back rested against his chest, and she could feel he wasn’t even breathing hard. The beast. 
“If I let you go, are you going to hit me? Kick me? Try running again?” he asked. She stubbornly remained quiet, still breathing somewhat heavily. “I can wait here all day, Kaitlyn,” he said after a moment. 
She huffed. “I’ll not try anythin’,” she grated out over her shoulder, hating that he won. This time. 
He let go, and she stepped away from him. Turning face-to-face, she glared, waiting for him to lay into her for her antics. 
“I have a canteen of water,” he said pointing back to his horse. “Do you want some?”
Kaitlyn blinked in surprise. She thought he was going to start yelling at her, telling her how stupid it was to be on the trail alone, or at least yell at her for hitting and kicking him. Instead, he offers water knowing she’s out of breath and tired from her little trek. Granted, he was looking at her like she was a child who was about to be scolded. 
She gave a reluctant nod, and they turned towards the horse. She gasped and took a step back, having forgotten about the large dogs.
Kato took her arm gently and stood next to her. “They won’t hurt you,” he said. He didn’t want her running off again. 
He looked back to the dogs. They simply sat on their haunches, tongues hanging out, almost grinning as they watched them, and looking back and forth between the two. 
“Go on home. I can handle it from here,” he said waving them off. They stood, and Kaitlyn took a small step behind Kato. “You’re scaring her, stop it. We’ll be back later.” 
They turned and walked away, giving a wide berth around the horse. 
Kato held her arm gently as they walked, not letting go until he reached the canteen and took off its cap. Kaitlyn drank some water as she caught her breath, and he finally turned towards her and crossed his arms. 
“As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted,” he began, “why did you leave without even trying to talk to me first?”
“Yer a brute of a man,” she said mumbled accusingly before she took another drink of water. 
“A brute?” Kato exclaimed, his eyes almost bugging out from his head.
“Ye nearly squeezed the life out of me!” Kaitlyn replied, putting her hands on her hips.
“Yeah! Because you’re acting like a little hell-cat,” he retorted. “Why were you running from me?” 
She stubbornly crossed her arms and looked away from him. 
“I’d never hurt you, Kaitlyn. I hope you know that,” Kato stated calmly when she didn’t answer him. 
Kaitlyn looked back him, surprised. His voice was genuine, and his eyes looked softly at her. She couldn’t stop the hope budding in her chest because she wanted to believe him. She didn’t know if it was naïve, stupid, wishful thinking, or all of it.
“Do you live out this way?” he asked looking down the road where she had run.
“Aye,” she answered softly looking away. 
“Hope your father would take you back?”
She looked at him, noticing the displeasure in his expression as his hat shadowed his eyes. He looked down the rough road, and she also noticed his sharp jawline and high cheekbones.
“I was gettin’ some more of me brother’s clothes. I hoped to catch a ride on the stage to the next town and wire me uncle back east for fare home,” she explained. 
He watched her, studying her for a moment. She couldn’t help but be self-conscious, still in her brother’s clothes from the night before. He was still in the clothes they were married in, but now he wore boots and his blue shirt was actually buttoned correctly. He was all man, and she was attracted to him.
“As a boy,” he said, not asking. She nodded. “You’re a brave little thing,” he commented after another moment, grabbing the reigns. 
She raised her eyebrows, again surprised by Kato Hunter. She expected criticism for her plan, but not a compliment.  
“I’ll take you to your father’s house so you can get your clothes. Then we’ll go back to the ranch, your new home.” She stood there and looked at him, obviously contemplating. “I’ll not divorce you, Kaitlyn, so you might as well give us a chance. You run away east, I’ll just go and get you. I’ll find you wherever you go.”
Her eyes narrowed. “I’ll not be slaving for you and yer brothers,” she said warningly. 
“My brothers can get their own wives,” Kato said. “Until then, they can take care of themselves. I don’t plan to work you to the bone as it seems your father and brother have, but you are my wife. If you could cook while I work the ranch, maybe help with the wash, I’d appreciate it,” he said with a shrug. 
He took a couple of steps forward until she could feel his breath on her face. Heart pounding, she wanted to turn and run. Pride and stubbornness kept her rooted in place. She stared forward at his chest, expecting intimidation or a threat if she shirked her duties. 
“But know this Mrs. Hunter,” he whispered, “I’ll never raise a hand to you. Anyone who does will answer to me, and I can assure you they’ll regret the day they ever did when I’m through with them.” 
Startled, she looked up at him then. His eyes were a warm, chocolate color, but they were staring at her with an intensity that made her belly flutter uncontrollably. He looked all over her face, but she was still glued to his eyes. Finally, when his rested on her own eyes, he leaned forward and gently kissed the corner of her mouth avoiding the cut. 
Shivers spread all over, starting in her face and ending in her fingers and toes, but she wasn’t cold. In fact, she could feel heat suddenly spread from her belly to her chest, her face feeling fevered. He leaned away slowly, and she knew her cheeks probably matched her blasted hair. He could probably even hear her heart beating fast and erratic. 
“Do we have an understanding, Mrs. Hunter?” he asked softly. 
Chapter 8

Kato was glad Kaitlyn agreed to come back with him, because he had no idea what to do if she was still set on going back east. They were heading back to the ranch, having already stopped by her father’s house. Well, house was a generous term for it. It was more like a shack, with a leaning chimney that would probably topple over soon. There was larger shack to the side that Kato figured was the barn. He felt sorry for the creatures housed in it.
The main shack couldn’t have had more than one bedroom, if any. Kaitlyn had only grabbed two dresses. It was all she had. He also wondered if she had any privacy when she lived there. He didn’t want to ask the hundred questions going through his mind. He would rather just give her a better life and help her forget the one before he entered the picture. 
“Where did ye get such large dogs?” she asked as they rode. The sun was high now, it being mid-morning. She had blond streaks in her hair when it shined just right. 
“Dogs?” he asked. Then his heart stopped for just a moment. 
“Aye, the ones that tracked me.” She glanced at him over her shoulder, and he hoped she didn’t notice the panicked expression. 
“Uh,” he stalled, “they were actually wolves.” 
He decided to broach the subject, see her reaction. Maybe he could tell her the truth up front about him and his brothers being transits. What a relief that would be. 
She gasped and turned to look at him with wide eyes. 
All right, maybe not quite yet. 
“How on earth did ye get wild wolves to be calm and obedient like that? I declare, they’re fearsome and wild creatures,” she said turning forward again.
“Nah,” he said as casually he could. Thank God she couldn’t hear his heart’s frantic beating. “I mean, some are wild, yes. There are also gentle wolves that won’t hurt humans. Ever,” he added for good measure.
“Did ye find them as young pups?” she asked. 
“They sort of found me when I was a kid. I guess you could say we all grew up together,” he said with a small smile, enjoying the small joke all by himself.
“I didn’t see them this mornin’,” she commented.
“When you ran away?” he asked.
“That’s right,” she confirmed.
“They stay mostly to the woods,” he answered, still telling the truth. They truly did stay in the woods as much as possible in wolf form. 
“And they just come when you call them?”
“Well, not all the time, but they’re pretty loyal.”
He was glad she didn’t ask any more questions. He wanted to be honest and tell her the truth, especially since it was part of him. He just didn’t want her running away a second time on their wedding day, and she’d surely think he was insane if he told her that he and his brothers could turn into wolves and that she was his mate and he’ll never care for another. 
How different would it have been if his mate had been a full blood just like him? Granted, less complicated, but he was glad Kaitlyn was his mate. She was tough, spirited, and he already adored her speech and mannerisms. 
They finally got back to the ranch and his brothers waved to him as they headed towards the barn. He waved back, and noticed Kaitlyn looking around the land. He hoped she’d fall in love with it like he had. After putting his horse in his stall, he led her inside the house. His brothers weren’t far behind. 
“You remember the living area,” he said, leaving the door propped open.
“How could I forget?” she mumbled. Kato gave a small chuckle. “I’ll put me dresses in the room,” she said turning.
Kato had no intentions of letting her sleep in that small room after seeing her father’s house. He gently grabbed her arm.
“I’m not letting my wife sleep in that box of a room,” he said. 
It wasn’t hard to see how her entire demeanor changed. Her eyes literally cooled as they narrowed, her lips settling into a straight and thin line. She became cold a statue, standing still with a frightening glare staring at him. 
“I told you I’d never hurt you, Kaitlyn,” he reminded firmly. 
Her expression faltered, and Kato sensed relief as he caught a glimpse of longing to believe him in her eyes. His heart ached for her. 
“I want to share a room with you, but you have my word I will not touch you as a wife until you’re ready.” Her eyes narrowed in suspicion. “If you’d like, I’ll sleep on the cot in the small room for a week, until you get to know me better.”
Her head tilted to the side for a moment. “I’ll share a room,” she said slowly, “but if ye try anythin’, I’ll box yer ears and head east to me aunt and uncle. And believe me when I say, Kato Hunter, I’ll not be found if I’ve not a mind to be.”
Kato stared at her with raised eyebrows. Her head straightened as her fists curled and rested on her hips as she spoke, all seemingly in slow motion. She had even leaned towards him. Finally, he broke out in a full smile. 
Kato liked his new wife.
“And believe me when I say, Kaitlyn Hunter, I’ll always find you. No matter how far you go, no matter where you hide, I will find you. You can be sure of that.” They stood there, looking at one another for a moment measuring the other up. 
“I like her,” Amos suddenly commented. 
Kaitlyn gave a small gasp as both of them turned to see Amos and Bryce standing at the front door. Bryce was smiling, nodding in agreement. Kato immediately sensed her embarrassment and discomfort. Scowling at his brothers, he laid his hand at the small of her back. 
“Kaitlyn, I’d like to formally introduce you to my inconsiderate and nosey brothers. This is Amos, and this is Bryce,” he said, motioning to each of them. 
They both stood there, smiling like idiots. 
“Nice to meet you,” she said quietly. 
“I was just going to show her to our room,” Kato said turning with Kaitlyn in tow. “It’s upstairs,” he said to her. 
“We moved my things up to your room,” Amos said before they took two steps. “Your things are in my room.” 
“Why?” Kato asked, truly perplexed.
Amos shrugged. “Even though I’m apparently inconsiderate, my room is bigger, and I figured you could borrow it until you get yourself a house built.” He turned to Bryce. “I don’t think that’s inconsiderate.”
“Me either,” Bryce commented. “As a matter of fact, I think that’s downright kind of you, Amos.”
“Why thank you, Bryce.”
They turned to look back at Kato and Kaitlyn, who was trying – and failing – to contain a chuckle. Kato glanced at her, giving  a small smile as well.
“Amos also mentioned something about more privacy,” Bryce added, grunting when Amos elbowed him in the stomach before casually crossing his arms. He stood a little bent forward as he caught his breath.
Kato glanced at Kaitlyn, her eyes slowly widening as she realized the subtle idea. Her blushes were going to become permanent if this kept up. 
“Thank you, Amos, that is very considerate of you,” Kato said quickly, ushering Kaitlyn to the door between the stairs and fireplace. 
It really was considerate, because they now had a fire place in the bedroom. Transits usually stayed warm with no problem, but it would be good for Kaitlyn. They had some cool nights. 
He could see she hadn’t stayed in a house as nice as this, and he just wanted to give her the world. She looked all around the room in awe, her eyes wide and her mouth a cute little ‘oh’ shape. The bed was good size, and Kato was thankful. His own bed was barely big enough for two, and he was afraid if he accidently nudged her, she’d start packing for the east.
There was a bear skin covering the floor between the door and foot of the bed. The fire place was to the right, only stone separating its mouth from the living area fire place. No fire burned now, but Kato planned making one tonight for Kaitlyn, making it a bit more homey and warm. Did women find fireplaces romantic? 
“’Tis the nicest room I’ve ever seen,” she said quietly turning towards him, still looking around. She looked at him, and probably saw the pity in his eyes. She cleared her throat. “Me father wanted to begin making money on our crops before fixin’ up our own house,” she commented. “Where should I put these?” She held up her dresses, looking around again.
“You can hang them up in here,” Kato answered walking towards a wardrobe. He opened it, and let her hang them on the pegs inside. 
There was an awkward silence for a moment. Kato knew she was probably feeling quite uncomfortable. It was a new house, new people, and new husband.
“Why don’t I go out, maybe help my brothers with some chores. You can take your time, get used to the house if you’d like,” he said backing towards the door. In truth, he didn’t want to leave. 
She nodded in thanks, and he thought about adding a request for her not to run away again. Instead, he left.  
Chapter 9

Kaitlyn looked around the room again. Goodness sakes, this bedroom alone was almost the size of her father’s house. She sat on the bed a moment and ran a hand over the blanket. It was soft, and she knew it’d be warm enough for her. She usually slept in front of the fire at night to keep warm with the thin blanket she had. 
How different her life had become in just one night. She only prayed it was for the better. Kato Hunter was so far, a gentleman. Though she hadn’t spent much time with his brothers, she imagined they would be as well. Didn’t siblings often reflect one another? She thought about her brother and wrinkled her nose. Perhaps not. But they had been kind thus far and jested with one another openly, no hard feeling between them. 
She wandered around the house downstairs, refolding the blankets on the cot she had slept on the night before. Shutting the door, she made her way down the small hallway back to the kitchen. Kato’s brother nearly frightened her to death when he grabbed her as she tried escaping out the back door. She opened a closet door to find stores of food and ingredients. There wasn’t a whole lot, but enough for her to make decent meals for a while. 
The kitchen was large, and a good sized table sat in the center of it. There was a bowl with fruit sitting on it, and she desperately wanted an apple. She couldn’t. It wasn’t her house, and it wasn’t her food. Ignoring the growl in her stomach, she wandered back to the living area. 
It was very well kept, and the layout of the house was sensible, if anything. The boards on the floor and walls were all flush with one another. It was clear some of them had been replaced over the years. The chinking was fresh looking, and she wondered if they patched it up recently. It was also smooth with the boards and probably kept the outside air out. Her father’s house barely held any heat, the chilly spring air seeping in between the cracks throughout the night. 
She noticed a picture on a table in the corner of the main room next to a wooden chair. Looking around, it was the only picture in the house. In fact, it was the only décor in the house. Picking it up gently, it showed a man and woman smiling at her. They both had kind eyes, and were holding hands affectionately. It must be their parents, and she wondered where they were. These men were raised by loving people, she could tell.
She went upstairs. She wasn’t meaning to be nosey, but Kato did say to explore the house. There was another small room, like the one downstairs. She didn’t know what it was for, but it was completely empty. Two other large rooms took up the rest of the upstairs area. These men really enjoyed their space. 
One room held quite a few books, and she guessed it to be Bryce’s. He seemed the sort to read, and she doubted Amos would have worried about moving so many books. The other room had a trunk in it, a bed, and a stand with pitcher and water. The trunk must be Amos’ with his belongings. Across from the door stood a long mirror, and Kaitlyn caught her own reflection.
She groaned and looked down at herself. She was still in her brother’s clothes that hadn’t been cleaned, and her face was dirty. Her lip wasn’t nearly as swollen, but scabbed over and tender. Her cheek was a purple color, and she got angry all over again. Partially at herself for putting herself in that situation, and partially at that Jake Harris fellow. Who did he think he was?
Closing the door, she went back downstairs and grabbed her work dress. She’d go down by the creek she spied earlier that morning and clean herself up. She’d feel better too, washing away the grime and dirt from her foolery. 
She looked around as she walked a good ways towards the water. She didn’t see Kato or his brothers and wondered how much land they owned. It must be quite a bit. 
Trees outlined the creek on both sides, and she was grateful. She’d have enough privacy. She let out a small giggle as she thought about Kato returning only to find her gone. He’d probably assume she ran away again. Would he ride out again with his two wolves, or would he just let her go? Her heart sank a little when she thought about the latter. 
She heard a splash and paused. Someone was in the water. 
She crept towards a tree and peaked around it. She inhaled sharply at the sight of Kato standing in the water, his waist and below underwater. He shook his head, sending water flying all different directions. She looked around, but his brothers weren’t in sight. 
She should make her presence known. She should say something. She should—
He dove under water, and she caught sight of white buttocks before he disappeared. A second later he came above water, a few feet closer to her. She ducked behind the tree quickly. When she looked again, he was rubbing a bar of soap over his broad chest, his lower half shielded by the water. 
She breathed steadily as she looked at him. Lord have mercy, he was a handsome man. His shoulders were wide and perfectly round, his arms muscular and lean. His chest was broad, and she continued downward to see the rest of him until the water. She had to admit, she’d never seen this lean of a man, his muscles well-defined and outlined. Her father was a meaty man, and her brother took after him. 
Kato Hunter was a specimen to behold. His blonde hair was a bit darker wet, and water dripped from the ends of it. After another moment, he disappeared under water and reappeared a few seconds later. He leaned back and let his upper body float a minute, his lower body mostly under the water except for his feet.
He stood up and chuckled. What was so funny?
“Would you like to join me, wife?” he said looking her direction. 
She locked eyes with him, and she knew she was caught. He was completely amused, and Kaitlyn was sick of her cheeks matching her hair.
“How did ye know I was here?” she asked stepping out from behind the tree. “I hardly made a sound.” He shook his head as he smiled. “How long did ye know?” she said putting her hands on her hips.
“Long enough,” he said walking out of the water. “There’s nothing wrong with a man’s wife admiring him while he washes.” He winked at her as he bent to pick up his britches a few feet from where she stood.
She was shocked that he just casually exposed himself, unbothered and unperturbed. Of course, with a body such as his, he probably didn’t feel self-conscious. She glanced to the side, her face heating quickly and profusely. She’d never seen a man fully, and she hadn’t been prepared. He was her husband, though, so she didn’t feel guilty. Curious? Yes.
“I wasn’t admiring ye,” she said stubbornly crossing her arms. She didn’t want him to use his looks against her feelings.
He laughed then as he walked over to her. “Let’s not start our marriage with lying,” he said with mock scolding. “You, Kaitlyn Hunter, were admiring. There’s no shame,” he said tapping her nose with his finger. He stood tall in front of her, only in his britches. 
She looked up at him with big eyes and didn’t mean to glance at his lips, but she did. Her heart was racing, and her belly was full of butterflies that were fluttering frantically. Mercy’s sake, she was attracted to him. 
He looked at her just as closely, studying, water still dripping from his hair. His eyes were looking at her intensely again. 
Was he going to kiss her? Was she sure she wanted him to? How could this man make her feel so much like a woman in so little time? This was new, frighteningly new. 
He looked at the dress in her hands between them.
“Did you come to wash up, too?” he asked, taking a small step backward.
She took a breath to calm her pulse. “Aye, I need to clean myself up and get out of me brother’s clothes.”
“Here,” he said taking the dress. 
She watched as he set it down by his own shirt and boots. He turned quickly and picked her up in his arms. She squealed in surprise. 
“What are ye doing?” she said trying to wiggle out of his hold.
“You said you wanted to wash,” he said casually, unaffected by her struggles. 
“I don’t need yer help!” she shouted. 
She shrieked as the water swarmed around her feet and bum. It was chillier than she thought it’d be. She looked to see Kato smiling at her before he dropped her.
The water closed over her, and she felt shocked at the coolness of it. Her feet found the ground, and she pushed upward quickly. Her head shot above water, gasping for air. 
“Kato Hunter! Ye brute!” she exclaimed as she wiped the water and hair away from her face. He laughed. “How do ye know if I can swim?”
His laughter died in a second as he gently took her arms. 
“Can you swim?” he asked very seriously. 
She debated a moment, wondering to lie or not. “Aye,” she relented. “I can swim.” Relief spread over his face. “Twasn’t a nice thing to do, though,” she said splashing some water at him. 
“I was just having some fun with my wife,” he said wrapping his arms around her.
She let her hands rest on his chest as she looked closer at his face. “Your cut, it’s gone,” she said in disbelief. 
Kato’s eyes widened for a second before he rubbed his cheekbone.
“Nah, it just looked worse than it was,” he said off-handedly. 
As if noticing just how closely they now stood, she cleared her throat. “Ye got yer britches soaked through,” she commented. 
“Eh,” he said shrugging. “I’ve got a dry pair at the house.” 
“Then go change and let me do my washin’,” she said pushing away. He let her go.
“What? I don’t get to watch?” he asked, his expression mischievously surprised. Her brows furrowed in answer as she sunk until the water touched her chin. “That doesn’t seem very fair.” She didn’t waver, though her chin stuck out a little more. Stubborn woman. “Fine,” he said with a pout. He turned and walked out of the water. Grabbing his clothes, he turned. “If anything or anyone comes up on you, scream. I’ll come,” he said seriously. 
Kaitlyn wasn’t sure she wanted to be out here alone now. “Will ye hear me all the way at the house?” she asked looking around her now. 
“I’ll hear you,” he replied. “Just scream.”
She watched as he disappeared in the thin tree line. 
Chapter 10

Kato hurried to the house and changed into dry clothes as quickly as he could, stumbling as he put his second boot on. He hurried out onto the porch and watched the area he knew Kaitlyn was washing in closely. His vision was excellent, and he could see better than any normal man. Unfortunately, he couldn’t quite see through the line of trees and get a closer look at his wife. 
He wished he could be closer to protect her better. If she found him closer than this house, she’d be upset thinking he was taking the same opportunity she had taken. The thought most definitely crossed his mind, but he wanted her to enjoy herself. There was probably nothing that would risk getting close anyhow. They marked their territory, and he should be able to smell a man beyond the creek. He’d know there was a stranger around before she did.
It was a good thing his senses had picked up her scent, or she would have found a large wolf in the creek. She would have only thought it was one of the wolves from earlier that day, but he’d never have a chance to transition without her seeing. He transitioned as soon as he scented her. He hadn’t spent much time as a wolf lately, but Kaitlyn awoke that side of him, and he wanted to spend more time in his transition perfecting those senses. 
He had become more than familiar with her scent on the way back from her father’s house. He knew the minute she approached the creek. He knew the minute she spotted him in the water. Her heart beat picked up, and he could sense how attracted to him she was.
It took all of his self-control not to kiss her when they stood so close. He wanted to pull her against him and show her he was just as attracted to her as she was to him. Unfortunately, he could sense her hesitancy. He wanted to respect that. She wasn’t ready for that kind of affection. She needed to see there was more to them than physical attraction. 
Hoping to show her another side of him, he playfully dropped her in the water. She had looked upset, but overall he couldn’t sense any anger. It had worried him when she made the point that he didn’t know if she could swim. He would have easily prevented her drowning, but he didn’t want her thinking he was careless. 
His brothers approached the house, and he realized it was midday already. 
“Where’s Kaitlyn?” Amos asked going up the stairs. 
“Washing at the creek.” he said nodding its direction. They glanced, but not long.
“Why don’t you take a couple of days and spend time with her?” Amos suggested.
Kato’s folded arms unfolded quickly. “Really?” he asked, surprised. Amos was unusually accommodating these days.
“You and your mate need to get to know each other more,” Bryce said.
“There’s a few things I think she needs to know, and soon,” Amos said, his tone firm. 
It wasn’t hard for Kato to guess what those few things were. 
“Bryce and I can handle the work load for a while. We’re bringing in the cows that are about to birth their calves.”
Kato looked back to the creek with a small shake of his head. “How on earth am I supposed to tell my wife that me and my brothers can turn into wolves?” he asked. Neither of them answered him. “She’ll need to know soon, though,” he said turning to them. “I can’t explain it, but I think we need to spend more time in our transitions.”
The two looked at him a moment, curious why he would think so. He out of all three of them had wanted to spend most of his time as a man. Why the sudden change?
“My senses are sharper than ever since I laid eyes on Kaitlyn,” he explained. “Now, I’ve got this hunger to be my wolf much more often. Not only that, but I feel like my skills will improve as a man the more time I spend in the transition.” They simply looked at him, thinking. He sighed. “Like I said, I can’t explain it.” He turned back towards the creek until Bryce spoke up.
“It makes sense,” he said. “We spend most of our time as men. When we do transition, even as wolves we think like men. Remember when we would spend days as our wolves? We could hear someone approaching half a mile down the trail. We could smell our prey easier when we went hunting. Then more people came in the area and started runnin’ off the wild animals, so we spent less and less time as wolves. We became more used to being men. Now that Kato’s wolf side has found his mate, his senses have sharpened, and he wants to transition more and more.”
Both Amos and Kato just looked at Bryce. Everything he said made incredible sense. They just didn’t know how he got to be so smart. He must have been able to tell by the expression on their faces because he shrugged. 
“I read a lot,” he said, nonchalant. 
“So, what exactly are you saying?” Amos asked. 
“I think our wolves make us better men,” Bryce answered. “I mean, look at Kato,” he said motioning towards him. 
“Thanks a lot,” Kato retorted sardonically. 
“I mean that we’ve always looked at ourselves as either men or wolves,” Bryce explained. 
“But you said you feel ‘completed’,” Amos said to Kato. 
He nodded. “Yeah, once I found Kaitlyn and understood she was my mate. It was like everything fell into place. It all made sense.”
They stood quietly, thinking. 
“Do you think we need to have mates to feel that way?” Amos asked rubbing his chin. 
Kato shrugged. 
“It’s hard to say,” Bryce answered, “but it wouldn’t hurt if we did spend more time in our transitions. Especially if it will help us in the long run.”
“Not until Mrs. Hunter is aware of us,” Amos said firmly again, looking directly at Kato.
He let his head fall back as he tried to think of a way to tell her. 
Bryce pat him on the shoulder as he and Amos went inside.
Kato actually felt more of a kindred spirit with his brothers now. Maybe it was because now that Kaitlyn was in the picture, he knew the three of them would do anything to protect her. She was his mate, the first female in their pack. She was important to each of them in their own way. 
After another few minutes, she emerged from the tree line and walked towards the house. He watched her as he leaned against the porch post. Kaitlyn Hunter was the most beautiful thing he’d ever laid eyes on. She had been cute in her brother’s clothes, his pants giving her back side quite the shape. As she walked towards him in her dress, he saw how graceful and feminine she really was. 
She looked up at him when she reached the stairs and rewarded him with a bright smile. Her teeth were white, and only slightly crooked. It was endearing and fit her perfectly. 
“Feel better?” he asked, taking her brother’s soggy clothes. He tossed them over the rail into a pile of burnt wood and ash.
“Those were me brother’s!” she said darting to the railing and looking over. She groaned when she saw them in the burn pile.
“He can get more,” Kato said, nonchalant. “They were practically rags.”
“He’ll throttle me, he will,” she mumbled putting a hand to her forehead. 
Kato turned her around and grabbed her arms. “Did they beat you, Kaitlyn?” he asked somewhat hotly. “Did they strike you for the littlest things?”
She looked up at him, shock all over her face. He hadn’t been to be so rough with her, but she was clearly afraid of her brother. It made him furious to see her afraid when she had such a stubborn, fighting spirit about her. It was also frustrating that she was still afraid of them when he was here to protect her now. No one would hurt her again, and he’d keep reassuring her every day until she believed him.
“They’d put me in my place when they thought it was necessary,” she said looking down. 
“And you think it was right?” he asked, his tone firm and upset.
“Not always,” she answered. “There were times I didn’t mind, or I ran off without doin’ me chores. Sometimes, it was little things.” She gave a one-shoulder shrug as she finished. 
He tipped her chin up until she looked into his eyes. “You listen to me, Kaitlyn. Discipline is one thing, but you didn’t deserve that. Do you understand? And they better not do it ever again.  You belong to me now, and they have no right to lay a hand on you.”
“I’m not an object, Kato,” she said beginning to tremble. He could sense her nervous energy. She was becoming defensive. His word choice had been poor and definitely taken the wrong way.
“No,” he said with a firm shake of his head, “but you’re my wife. You deserved the respect of being a strong, capable woman, and they didn’t give it to you. Now, you deserve the respect of being my strong, capable, stubborn woman,” he said with smirk. She gave him a shy smile. “If anyone ever lays a hand on you, tell me. If I’m not there, tell one of my brothers. That’s all I’m asking.” 
She studied him a moment and finally gave a small nod of her head. He pulled her close and wrapped his arms around her. It might only be their first day, but they were making great progress. At least, he thought so as he smiled. She fit perfectly.
Chapter 11

Kato Hunter was too good to be true, and Kaitlyn wanted to be suspicious of him. Or was it possible she married an honest-to-goodness man? During their lunch, it was awkwardly quiet. She wondered what they talked about when she hadn’t been there to ruin the conversation. They must have noticed she had very little on her own plate, because every few minutes Kato would ask if she wanted another biscuit, or another slice of meat, or maybe an apple. 
Did he think her too skinny? There hadn’t been much with her father and brother, and she always made sure they had the larger portions. They worked hard in the fields and needed the food more than she. There had been a few times her father hadn’t finished his own plate and gave her the food instead. It was small, rare moments as those she knew he must care a little for her. 
Kato’s brothers had gone back outside to work, and left her and Kato with the dishes. 
“Where’s the water pump?” she asked. 
“I’ll get the water. It’s heavy,” Kato said. He went out the back door and she made a mental note to look later. 
Taking the dishes to the sink, Kato brought the water and they washed the dishes together. She finished drying her hands. 
“Want to go for a walk?” he asked. “We’ve got quite a bit of land, but I wanted to show you some of it.”
She couldn’t help the warm feeling in her heart. She smiled and nodded in agreement. As soon as she stepped outside, she noticed the chicken house. Mostly, it was wide open land around them. 
She could see his brothers in the distance on their horses. To the left, trees began about a hundred yards from the house and were the beginning of a large forest it seemed. The grass was a lush color of green, soft, and as far as her eyes could see.
She smiled. “It’s beautiful. Do your parents live near here?”
“They actually died several years ago,” he answered. 
She inhaled sharply. “Kato, I’m sorry,” she said. 
“Don’t worry,” he said walking nowhere in particular. “It was a long time ago. Me and my brothers headed out west and found this land. Here we are, making a good life for ourselves.”
“You and yer brothers seem quite close,” she said. The day was much warmer now, and spring would be over soon. 
“We’re all we’ve had for a long time,” he replied. “It’s been good.”
Kaitlyn continued to look around. She would love morning walks out here, before it got too hot. This was wide open country, and it made her feel free. Horses grazed in a fenced area, cows mooed from a distance, and the breeze whipped her dress around her legs.  
“Do you like it here, Kaitlyn?” he asked taking her hands in his. 
She looked up at him, and she could see his eyes wanted nothing more than her approval. She smiled. 
“’Tis a beautiful land,” she said looking around them. Would she ever get used to this? It was too good to be true.
“We’ve had an unusual beginning, and I know that we’ve only been married for hours,” he commented, “but I hope you come to love the land.” He paused as she looked up at him. “I hope you come to love me.” 
Kaitlyn still looked up at him, unsure of what to say. She was already affected by him in many ways, but love? Hopefully someday. She only hoped she wouldn’t be too naïve to tell. “Someday, Kato,” she said quietly. “Someday.”
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
 Kato and Kaitlyn finished their walk, having roamed all over the flat land around the ranch. He asked her questions about her life, her family. She did the same. They talked about everything. Well, everything except him being a transit. He had every intention of telling her. He just didn’t know how or when. 
He laid awake far into the night while Kaitlyn slept soundly. Supper had been a repeat of lunch. Once again, she didn’t put much on her plate, ate very little, and stayed very quiet. He reminded himself it was only the first day. It would take time for all of them to get used to this new situation. He knew he was being impatient, only wanting what he remembered of his own father and mother.
They were mates, and truly loved each other. He hoped he hadn’t been too forward when he told her that he hoped she’d love him someday. She obviously hadn’t known what to say, but she still gave him hope. 
Lying on his back, he looked over to her lying next to him. She lay on her side, her back facing him. He could hear her steady breathing and beat of her heart. He reached over and pulled the covers up to her shoulder more. The fire was getting low, but he didn’t want to get up and risk disturbing her. 
He sighed. This mate business was kind of stressful. Maybe he was simply making it that way. She’d clearly made it this far without him in her life, so he wouldn’t fret so much. He would just provide for her, protect her, give her everything, and love her. 
“I love you, Kaitlyn Hunter,” he softly whispered.
Yes, he loved her already. He loved the way she put her hands on her hips when she was frustrated. He loved the way she would blush when she was embarrassed. He even loved the way she talked back to him when she was being stubborn. She made him feel like a new man, protective, strong, capable, and possessive. She was his wife. She was his mate. 
Surely she’d come to love him over time. 
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
The next few days, Amos had given Kato plenty of time to get to know her better, let her get know him, and for him to tell her the truth. 
Had he gotten around to it? Nope. 
He hadn’t planned it that way. He was just letting things progress as normally as possible. He wanted her to trust him. 
She wasn’t a shy woman, and he loved her confident personality. If she was thinking something, she’d most likely say it. If she had a question about something, she was going to ask it. At the same time, he could see she kept her guard, never saying anything personal. That was what frustrated him.
Every morning they had gone to collect eggs together and had breakfast ready by the time his brothers had come down. He had shown her more of the ranch day by day, and even let her watch while he helped his brothers work the cattle. When he discovered she didn’t know how to ride a horse, he gave her a couple of lessons. 
She was smiling freely, laughing more often, and he could tell she was happy. He didn’t want to ruin it with the truth. 
It had been almost a week for their rather sudden honeymoon when Preacher Lewis and his wife came by one day. They waved as they pulled up in their wagon, and he greeted them in front of the house.
“How ya doin’, Kato?” the man asked shaking his hand. He turned and helped his wife down.
“Good, Preacher,” he answered. “What brings you out here?”
“I brought a pie,” his wife answered. “Where’s Kaitlyn?”
“She’s in the house readin’ one of Bryce’s books. She said she wanted to improve her lettering,” he answered. He motioned for them to follow as they went into the house. 
They entered, and Kaitlyn stood from the chair she had been sitting in. Next to the picture of his parents was a small vase full of flowers she’d found around the ranch. Frankly, it was nice to have a woman around, putting flowers about the house like his mother had when they were young.
“Mrs. Lewis,” she said straightening her dress, clearly self-conscious.
“Kaitlyn, it’s so good to see you,” the woman said kindly. “I brought you a pie.”
Kaitlyn glanced at Kato, and he smiled. “Why don’t you show her to the kitchen,” he suggested. 
“Aye, this way,” Kaitlyn said leading the woman away. 
He felt a little sorry for his wife. She’d clearly been surprised and didn’t know what to do. He wanted her to feel like she belonged here. Unfortunately, she probably never would with his brothers sharing the house with them. He really needed to build her a home.
“Kaitlyn seems to be doing well,” Preacher Lewis commented turning to Kato. 
“She’s adjusting. I don’t think she feels like this is her home quite yet,” he explained. 
“I don’t think she’s felt at home in a long time,” the older man commented. 
“What do you mean?” Kato asked curiously. 
“She came from the east after her mother died,” he answered quietly. “Her pa wanted land, and he wasn’t going without his children. Many families are getting out of the cities, lookin’ for a new start. How are your brothers?” he asked, changing the subject.
“They’re doing fine, out working right now. I stay close to the house in case Kaitlyn needs anything.” 
“I don’t know you Hunter boys very well,” the man said looking closely at Kato. “I was nervous to marry that young girl to one of you.”
“That ‘young girl’ is a grown woman with a mind of her own,” he said with a fond smile. Then he looked at Preacher Lewis, startled. “You came here to check on Kaitlyn,” he said accusingly. He didn’t like that. It made Kato feel untrustworthy. 
“That’s right,” he answered with an unwavering nod.
It upset him that people would think he and his brothers would mistreat a young woman like Kaitlyn. No, it made him mad. 
“Why is it that we have such a bad reputation? Everyone thinks we’re dangerous because we prefer to keep to ourselves and our land. Is that so wrong?” He didn’t mean to get defensive, but he didn’t like people thinking the worst of them when they didn’t even know them.
“Kato, you have a reputation to be quite a fighter. A dangerous one,” the man replied with chuckle, using his own words against him. 
Lewis wasn’t intimidated by his temper at all. Kato respected the man a little more. He was a thin fellow, and didn’t look like he could stand a punch. Still, he stood tall and confident while poking a bear—er, wolf. 
“From the stories I hear, you’re quite violent,” he explained. “You’re right. You and your brothers seem to like your privacy, but you can’t be upset when people don’t trust you at face value. You and your brothers do nothing to show yourselves well-bred, decent men.” 
Kato almost rocked back on his heels. This man had a very good point, and it irked him. He really couldn’t be upset with people not trusting them when they didn’t know them very well, especially when he didn’t trust anyone either. It was a bit hypocritical. 
“I see your point,” he admitted rather petulantly. 
The Preacher chuckled again. “You’re young, but you’ve got a good head on your shoulders, son,” he said as he patted him on the back. “I am glad to see she’s doing well under the circumstances. I do believe you and your brothers are decent men, in spite of what everyone says.”
“What does everyone say?” Kato asked uncrossing his arms.
“I’m not here to gossip,” he replied shaking his head. “Let’s just say, it wouldn’t hurt you boys to get to know the folks around Rest Stop, maybe make a few friends.”
“Can’t go wrong starting with the preacher and his wife,” Kato retorted. 
“That is a fact,” he said laughing. 
“I’m so glad you’re settling in well,” Mrs. Lewis told Kaitlyn as they rejoined her husband and Kato.
“Thank ye, ma’am,” Kaitlyn said looking at the preacher with a genuine smile. 
She had been giving Kato polite smiles when he talked with her, or when he said something funny, or complimented her. Never a genuine, open smile as this, and he was determined to get one out of her soon. She wasn’t guarded or cautious. She was open and endearing.
“Well, husband,” Mrs. Lewis said, “shall we go?”
“If you’ve done all the talking you needed to do already,” he answered. 
Kato followed Kaitlyn out, and they watched from the porch as the nice couple left. 
“’Twas a short visit,” Kaitlyn commented. 
“Do you know why they were really here?” he asked curiously looking down at her. 
She looked down at her folded hands and twiddled her thumbs. “Aye. To make sure ye hadn’t murdered me while I was sleepin’ and then buried me in the forest,” she said, ending her sentence laughing. 
He raised his eyebrows. “Well, you’ve got quite the imagination,” he commented. 
“Nay,” she said as her laughing subsided. “’Twas what Mrs. Lewis told me she had been afraid of.”
“She told you that?” he asked, surprised the preacher’s wife had such an imagination. Kaitlyn nodded. He shook his head and smiled, looking back to wagon disappearing down the trail. “She reads too many of those fictitious novels.”
“’Twas kind of them to care,” she said quietly. 
Kato looked down at her then. She looked longingly in the distance, and he realized she must feel as if she hadn’t a friend in the world. He gently laid a hand on her back. 
“How long have you been in Rest Stop?” he asked. 
“Only a couple of weeks,” she answered. “Not many folks like to befriend strangers, much less Irish strangers.”
He rubbed his hand in circular motions, comforting her.
“I know what it’s like to be different,” he said after a moment. She looked up at him curiously. “Me and my brothers, we aren’t like a lot of people.” He felt his heart pick up speed. This was his chance. 
“Was that the Preacher?” Amos called out. 
Kato sighed and looked to see him riding up on his horse. “Sure was,” he replied blandly. 
“What did he want?”
Kato glanced at Kaitlyn who smiled in amusement and looked away. 
“Just to see how Kaitlyn was settling in,” he answered with a conspiratorial smile. 
Amos saw the look between them, but let it pass. “We’re heading a little farther out to see about fencing another section. Wanted to know what you thought about it. Comin’?”
Kato wanted to say no, but had put off helping his brothers long enough. He nodded. “I’ll be there in a minute.”
Amos nodded and trotted off. 
Kato turned back to Kaitlyn. “It doesn’t matter how many friends you have as long as you know you’ve got family,” he said. 
That’s not exactly what he wanted to say, but at least he could let her know she had family now. He kissed her cheek and stepped off the porch towards the barn to get his horse. 
Chapter 12

Kato got back to work with his brothers over the next few days, and they could probably tell he missed Kaitlyn. How could he not? But work had to be done, and he couldn’t let his brothers do it all. That wasn’t how their pack worked. 
His brothers had been spending the last couple of evenings transitioning, and he could hear their howls throughout the night. Part of him wanted very badly to go out with them, run wild and free again. As Kaitlyn lay next to him, he didn’t want to leave her just as badly. 
“Kaitlyn mended some of my shirts,” Amos said riding up next to his little brother one day.
 Kato smiled. 
“Mine too,” Bryce called out, having heard what Amos said a several yards away. 
“She’s a good cook, too,” Kato said as Bryce approached. 
“I didn’t think we were that bad of cooks,” Amos said, “until I tasted her ham and beans with cornbread.” 
They all chuckled as they rode in for supper. They could smell the food long before they walked through the front door, and they all inhaled. They walked into the kitchen just as she put the last piece of fried chicken on a large plate. 
“I thought I said you didn’t have to take care of my brothers,” Kato said smiling as they each sat down. 
She gave a one shoulder shrug. “Might as well since I’m cookin’ for you,” she replied. “Did ye wash yer hands?” 
The three men groaned as they stood back up and headed out the back door. Kato didn’t miss her smile. She liked taking care of them, and he knew it. It wasn’t a chore for her like it had been for her father and brother, and it was because they appreciated her and respected her. 
She started talking during meals, asking questions about the ranch, and even wanted to watch a calf birthing. None of them could hide their surprise at that one. To Kato’s relief, she started eating a bit more at meals as well.
They finished washing their hands and sat down quickly to eat. It was delicious. 
“The food closet’s gettin’ bare,” she said. “I’ll be needin’ to run to town tomorrow for supplies. I can drive a wagon,” she continued, “so none of you will have to miss yer chores.”
Kato noticed his brothers look at him, but they kept on eating. They could sense how uncomfortable he was with her going to town alone. They were too. “I’ll go with you,” he said adding some honey to a biscuit. “I need to see Charlie about my winnings anyway.”
She gave him a sideways glance, remembering that night no doubt. Had it really only been a week? Amos looked at him as well. 
“Why don’t we all go?” he said casually. “Me and Bryce can get a few supplies ourselves. We need some barbed wire for the south fence.”
“Sounds good to me,” Bryce commented before taking a bit of potato. 
Kato nodded and gave Kaitlyn a side smile. She didn’t look upset, but she didn’t look appreciative either. He sensed some frustration coming from her though.
“Is everything all right?” he asked. She glanced at him curiously for a second. 
“I appreciate yer wantin’ to look after me,” she said slowly, “but I don’t feel as if I need guarding either. I can go alone. I won’t run off again if that’s what yer afraid of.” 
Kato smiled. She was opening up to him and his brothers and all polite-like too. Good for her! Too bad he had to tell her no. 
Amos grinned. “Kato, on the other hand, finds trouble at every turn.” He and Bryce chuckled, and Kato smiled. 
He appreciated his brothers trying to shift her suspicions. He turned to his wife. 
“Rest Stop is growing, and there are more people here now that we don’t know. You remember the fights. I don’t want you around those people without me there. I don’t trust anyone I don’t know very well, and especially where my pretty little ma—uh, wife is concerned.” Kato barely caught his slip up in calling her mate.
She nodded with a small smile and seemed to understand, not noticing him stumbling over his words. He glanced at Amos and Bryce, who had both caught it. He noticed Kaitlyn seemed to appreciate his little compliments and tried to say them as often as possible. 
After supper, Kato helped Amos with dishes and Bryce had gone to his room. Afterward, he looked for Kaitlyn, scenting her on the front porch. He went out there and sat next to her on the crude bench he and his brothers rarely ever used. He was going to build two rocking chairs. She would like that. 
The sun was disappearing just behind the trees lining the creek. He looked over at Kaitlyn, and she held the expression of peace and contentment as she watched the orange sun lower. When it was gone, she looked over to see him watching her. Instead of blushing and looking away like she used to, she smiled and leaned her head back to rest against the wall. 
“Ye’ve given me a better life, Kato,” she said quietly. “I cannot express my gratitude for all ye’ve done.” 
He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and let his finger trace her jawline. The bruise was faint enough to hardly be noticed, and her lip had healed as well. She was beautiful with those pert lips and gentle eyes looking back at him. 
“Don’t think you’re the only one that’s been blessed,” he replied taking one of her hands in his.  
“What did ye mean to say at supper?” she asked. 
Kato’s heart stopped. “What?” he asked, playing dumb.
“Before ye said ‘wife’, you stumbled. What were ye about to say?”
He looked at her for a long moment. Was this it? Was this his chance to tell her? “I was going to say ‘mate’,” he answered honestly. 
“Mate?” she repeated, her expression perplexed. “Why, may I ask?”
“Wife doesn’t seem a strong enough word,” he said slowly. 
“I don’t understand,” she said, confused by his statement. 
He could sense her worry and wanted to relieve it. He sighed. 
“Wife is more of a title,” he began, looking back towards the trees. “You became my wife when we got married, but it doesn’t quite describe what you are to me, or how I feel about you.” He looked at her now, hoping she could see his love in his eyes. “A mate is one who completes you, makes you whole. There’s no other out there in the world that can make me feel as you do. I didn’t realize it at first, of course. That had been a rather jumbled mess of events,” he said with a small laugh. She smiled at him, and it encouraged him. “But I fell in love with you that first day a week ago. I felt whole.” 
Tears had pooled in Kaitlyn’s eyes as he spoke, and one finally spilled over. He reached and wiped it away with his thumb gently. She closed her eyes at his touch, and more spilled over. He knew it wasn’t sadness she felt, but happiness. He leaned forward and gently kissed her lips, catching her bottom one between his own. 
Her hand rested on his cheek as she parted her lips, and he got on his knees in front of her. Wrapping an arm around her, he pulled her close. She tilted her head and kissed him back, drawing a groan from him. 
“Kaitlyn,” he mumbled, “I can’t promise to be able to stop easily if you let me keep going.”
She wrapped an arm around his neck and looked at him. 
“Don’t stop,” she whispered. 
Kato kissed her hard then, releasing the feelings he had been holding back since that first day when he’d found her spying on him by the creek. 
He stood and brought her with him. Tucking an arm under her knees, he lifted her in his arms and took to their room where he was going to truly make her his mate. 
Chapter 13

The next morning, Kaitlyn woke to laying on Kato’s arm and chest. His fingers were gently combing her hair, and it was a wonderful way to awaken. She looked up to see him looking down at her.
“Good morning,” he said softly. 
“Good morning,” she replied sleepily. She laid her head back down on his chest and listened to his steady heartbeat. 
“My brothers are making breakfast,” he stated, not making any move to get out of bed either. 
“How do ye know?” she mumbled.
“I can hear them.” 
She lifted her head a moment and then laid it back down. “I don’t hear anythin’.” She tucked the covers closer to her chin. 
Kato chuckled. “You’re not awake yet,” he said poking her head. She swatted his hand away. “Don’t forget, we get to go to town today,” he reminded her. She sat up quickly then, suddenly remembering. 
“Aye,” she said turning towards him. She caught his eyes too low and swatted him. He laughed. “Get on with ye,” she said pushing him. 
He stood up and grabbed his britches. Going over to the table, he poured some water into the bowl and then cleaned his face. After drying it, he buttoned up a shirt and grabbed some stockings and his boots. 
Kaitlyn couldn’t help but watch him. He was the most incredible man she’d ever seen. Met. Truly cared for. She wasn’t sure she loved him just yet, but she desperately wanted to after hearing his heart’s confession the night before. 
“We usually leave right after breakfast,” he said opening the door to the living area. “I’ll wait for you at the table.” Sending her a kiss, he closed the door after him. 
Kaitlyn only smiled as she lay back down and pulled the covers over her head. She was acting like a silly school girl, but she didn’t care. Kato Hunter made her belly tumble and heart race. And he was all hers.  
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Kato had trouble keeping a smile off of his face as he drove the wagon, his mate seated next to him. Kaitlyn had been beaming all morning, just like a new bride should. As long as she was happy, he didn’t feel like he had too much to worry about. 
His brothers could probably tell the change between them, the lingering touches, her shy smiles and blushes, all during breakfast. He thought he even saw Amos roll his eyes at one point. 
Kaitlyn’s scent had changed the littlest bit, and he was sure it was because they mated. He wondered if his brothers could tell, but didn’t want to ask. He was basing everything off of his instincts at this point. He was glad it had changed though, because any transit would know she was off limits.  At least he thought they would. 
Not that they ran into any out here. He looked around as they entered Rest Stop. Well, a new building had already gone up since he was last in for supplies, and more people were walking around the streets and boardwalks. Their chances of running into more transits were growing by the day. He even noticed a new house between their ranch and the town, a barn still in the building process not far from it.
He pulled to a stop in front of the grocer and hopped down, helping Kaitlyn down next. She brushed off her dress and looked up at him. 
“I’ll not be long,” she said. 
“Are you sure you don’t want me to stay with you?” he asked, looking around them. There were a lot more faces he didn’t recognize. 
“Aye, I’ll be fine,” she said. 
He looked down at her and could see she really was okay. He gave her a smile and kissed her on the cheek. 
“If you need me, or anything happens, shout or scream for me,” he said seriously. She looked at him confused. “I’ll hear you and come runnin’,” he added. 
She nodded slowly and walked towards the store, still looking somewhat confused at him. When she reached the door, she went inside. 
Kao turned to his brothers who had just finished tying their horses.
“Scream?” Amos said with a smirk coming up to him, Bryce right behind him.
“You heard her that morning we chased after her,” Kato said matter-of-factly. “She can scream like a banshee.”
Amos and Bryce chuckled as they headed down the boardwalk. 
“True,” Bryce added.
The supplies store was only a few yards down from where the fighting barn was, and Kato decided to get his earnings while his brothers got their supplies. He didn’t like the owner so much, having met him at the fights. He was a friend of Jake Harris’ too.
He knocked on the little shack Charlie lived in next to the barn, but no answer came. He knocked again, harder. He thought maybe the man was passed out from drinking too much until he heard a call.
“I’m in here,” Charlie yelled. Kato grinned and walked to the entrance of the barn. 
It was completely different in the daylight, and fresh air surrounded him instead of beer and sweat, shouts and cheers. Kato noticed a table near the entrance and wondered if Charlie had a bodyguard posted now to prevent other problems like that night. If there was an entrance fee now, there was most definitely a guard to protect the money collector. The fights must be doing well.
Charlie was adding some oil to a lantern when he stepped inside. He climbed off of the ladder and turned to him.
“Kato!” Charlie exclaimed, opening his arms wide as if expecting a hug.
“How ya doin’ Charlie?” Kato asked smiling at the man. He actually had missed him. They shook hands.
“Good, Kato. Miss my best fighter though,” he added motioning Kato to follow him to the table.  
“The fights still busy?” he asked nonchalantly, avoiding the topic. 
“Busier than ever! After that night, word must have gotten around. People have been pouring in since.” He unlocked a drawer and pulled out a wooden box. Unlocking the box, he pulled out a large wad of cash and handed it to Kato. 
“This is all mine?” Kato asked, surprised. 
“I’m giving you my share, Kato,” Charlie said with a wave before locking the box and replacing it in the drawer. “What happened that night wasn’t right, and you earned every penny of it.”
“You might want your share, Charlie. I’m done fighting,” Kato explained. “I won’t be here to make sure you get a good share every now and then.”
Charlie just looked at him grimly. “Keep it, Kato. I don’t need it.” Charlie looked down at the table, staying quiet. It unnerved Kato, because Charlie was never this quiet. “I didn’t think she’d ever get into that kind of trouble,” he said quietly. “That night was my fault.”
Kato froze. “What are you talking about?”
Charlie looked at him before putting his hands in his pocket. “Kaitlyn came to the fights every now and then. I found her sneaking out one night.”
“You knew who she was that night,” Kato stated. “Why didn’t you say something or stop it or—“ 
“I couldn’t expose her like that, not with those men,” Charlie said firmly. “There would have been a lot more trouble if I had.” Kato sighed, knowing he was right. “Usually she’d climb up to the loft and stay out of sight. I found the ladder next to the building later and realized I forgot to put it up for her. Her pa’s a rough man, and she just needed to get away. I didn’t see any harm in it.”
Kato had conflicting emotions and didn’t know what to say. He wanted to be angry with the man, but he only did what he thought was harmless. He was just giving Kaitlyn a way to get away from her father and brother for a while. He didn’t mean anything. 
“When her father came later, demanding some men get together and form a posse to go lookin’ for her, I told him that you’d been the one to see her last. I told him you were honorable, but he wasn’t havin’ it.” He rubbed a hand over his unshaven jaw.
Kato folded the bills and put them in his pocket, then held out a hand to shake with Charlie, ending their deal and showing respect. 
“You were in a tough spot. I understand,” he said. 
Charlie looked like the world had been lifted off of his shoulders, and he smiled in relief. Two others entered the barn just then. Kato froze the moment he smelled them.
“Well, if it ain’t me son-in-law,” one of them said. 
He turned as Charlie stepped to the side and looked to see them as well. 
“Son-in-law?” he asked quietly. 
“Mr. MacGuire,” Kato greeted calmly. He glanced at Brennan who sported a black eye.
“I hear you’re undefeated,” Kaitlyn’s father commented as they stopped in front of him and Charlie. “You must be quite the opponent.”
“I used to be,” Kato replied in conversation. 
Looked like her father and brother were now regular attendees to the fights these days. Her brother seemed to be participating as well.
“How is Kaitlyn doin’?” the man asked. “She’s a good girl, and hard worker.”
Charlie looked back and forth between them, eyes wide. Apparently, he hadn’t heard the news that Kato had married her. 
“She’s doin’ just fine,” Kato said smiling. “She smiles and laughs, as if there isn’t a care in the world.” Kato inwardly gloated, seeing the surprised and confused expression on her father and brother’s faces. “She’s happy,” he finished. 
Her father looked at the floor and nodded, a regretful expression on his face. Kato didn’t know what to make of it, but he felt sorry for him. Maybe he didn’t mean to be a bad father. Maybe he just didn’t know how to be a good father. 
“You here to sign up for more fights?” Brennan asked, speaking up. 
“Those days are over for me,” Kato answered. He turned and shook Charlie’s hand again. 
Amos and Bryce both entered the barn as Kato turned to leave.
“Aye, who needs a fight when ye’ve got a feisty wife at home to keep ye busy,” her father stated. 
Kato stopped and looked at his brothers. Just like that, the pity for Glenn MacGuire was gone. Amos gave a short shake of his head, his eyes telling him to let it go and keep walking. 
“Me daughter, she’ll surely keep a man fightin’ plenty at home,” he continued. “Maybe even have a tussle in the sheets.” 
Kato growled as he turned and marched towards the man. Father or not, Kato was going to lay him out. 
“Kato!” Amos shouted grabbing his shoulder, just as Brennan stepped protectively forward.
Kato turned and shoved his brother, rage coursing through him at being interrupted. Amos simply grabbed the font of his shirt with both fists and shoved him towards the entrance where Bryce caught him and held him firmly in check. 
“Go find Kaitlyn,” Amos ordered, pointing at the doors of the barn. Kato lowered his head and growled. Amos lowered his own head. “Now,” he growled back. 
Kato had never had a problem obeying his alpha brother until now. He wanted to challenge him and beat him so he could pummel Kaitlyn’s worthless father. He knew he couldn’t win, so he shook Bryce’s hold off of him and stalked out of the barn. 
Chapter 14

Amos turned and approached the three men slowly, knowing Bryce was right behind him. He got within reach and before anyone said anything, he punched Kaitlyn’s father hard. The man fell to the ground. 
He saw out of the corner of his eye Bryce grabbing her brother by the front of his shirt when he stepped forward to intervene. One look in Bryce’s eyes, and he didn’t move again. 
Amos put a boot on her father’s chest and leaned forward, resting his arms on his raised knee. “I’m giving you one warning, Glenn MacGuire. Stay away from my family. All of them,” he finished, making sure the man understood that he included Kaitlyn as his family now. 
The Irishman grunted. “Yer brother married me daughter,” he said. “That makes us family.” He smiled arrogantly. 
Amos quickly lifted his foot and laid his knee on the man’s belly while grabbing his shirt and sitting him up a bit. “You may be blood kin to Kaitlyn, but that doesn’t make you family,” he growled in the man’s face. 
He could sense the man’s fear, as well as Charlie’s and his son’s. Letting go, MacGuire fell back and laid there, breathing somewhat heavily. Amos stood and Bryce walked next to him as they headed for the entrance. 
“You sure you boys wouldn’t be interested in fighting?” they heard Charlie call to them. 
They ignored him and walked out.  
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Their wagon still sat in front of the grocer’s building, but it was full now and Kaitlyn nowhere to be seen. He stepped inside the large store. 
Kaitlyn was standing at the counter, talking with the grocer’s wife. He slowly approached them, still unnoticed. 
“And how old are you, child?” he heard the older woman ask Kaitlyn. 
“Seventeen, but I’ll be turnin’ eighteen in a month’s time,” she replied. 
“Oh, that’s a good marrying age,” the woman replied. Kaitlyn must have explained her sudden change in marital status. “Come back in a month, and I’ll have a little gift for you.”
“Nay, Mrs. Barnes,” Kaitlyn said suddenly. 
“Oh, stuff and non-sense. Everyone should have at least one gift on their birthday,” she argued.  
“I’ll say they should,” Kato said suddenly. 
“Kato!” she squeaked whirling to see him. “I didn’t hear ye come in.”
He chuckled. “You sure didn’t,” he replied. “What’s this about your birthday in a month?”
“’Tis nothin’,” she said shaking her head. Was she going to keep her birthday a secret from him?
“Stuff and non-sense!” Mrs. Barnes exclaimed. 
Kato kissed her on the forehead when he reached her. He pulled her to the area where bolts of cloth and fabrics were set for display. 
“Can you sew a dress?” he asked. 
She quirked an eyebrow as she looked at him. “Well, yes Kato, but I don’t think ye’d look very handsome in one.”
He dropped his head back and laughed. “Not for me, obviously,” he said. “I want you to pick out any three fabrics you like,” he said pointing to the bolts. “That way you can make yourself three new dresses.” 
Kaitlyn gasped. “Kato, that’s so wasteful,” she whispered as if he’d lost his mind. 
“Stuff and non-sense,” he said, his tone higher to sound like Mrs. Barnes. 
Kaitlyn shushed him and swat him on his arm. They looked, but the older woman was busy helping another customer and hadn’t heard him. He chuckled. 
“Kaitlyn, I’m not blind. Your two dresses are old and worn out. You can keep them if you’ve a mind to, but I want to provide you with three new dresses. Let me do this for you after you’ve done so much cooking and sewing for me and my brothers.”
Kaitlyn bit her lip as she looked over the material. He could see she wanted to. He just had to convince her stubborn nature it wouldn’t break him to buy it, especially with Charlie’s generous gift. 
“I like this one,” he said pulling out a dark blue fabric. 
She smiled. “Aye, that one is pretty.”
“Good. One down, two to go. If you don’t pick them out, I will,” he stated quietly. 
She smiled and picked out an earthy green. It was a good color, and Kato knew it was going to look beautiful on her with her fair skin and red hair. When he became a dress and color expert, he didn’t know. He just couldn’t wait to see her in it.
He checked out the window but still didn’t see his brothers. 
Kaitlyn picked out a yellow fabric, and Kato smiled. She picked out all of the colors that reminded him of the forest, and he was glad for it. He carried them up to the counter and smiled at Mrs. Barnes, who nodded in approval. 
When Kaitlyn was talking with Mr. Barnes, she got Kato’s attention and motioned behind him. He looked, and saw a rack holding different straw bonnets on it. He pointed, and Mrs. Barnes nodded. Walking over to it, he picked one out, and again the old woman nodded with a smile. He handed it to her, and she added it to their things. 
“Thank you,” he mumbled. Mrs. Barnes winked at him. 
Kato liked the plucky old woman. He gathered their things and followed Kaitlyn out of the store after paying. It hardly put a dent in the amount Charlie had given him, and he couldn’t help but wonder if Mrs. Barnes hadn’t charged him for everything. He made a mental notice to leave a pouch of money sometime in the near future.
They got to the wagon and Kaitlyn turned to help him with the material. Seeing the bonnet on top, she picked it up. 
“What’s this?” she asked. 
“Your bonnet,” he answered, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. “Can’t have your skin burning and weathering before it’s time.” He smiled, and she smiled back at him. He took it and placed it on her head, tying the ribbon under her chin. “Beautiful,” he said and kissed her cheek. 
Kato suddenly felt the hairs on the back of his neck raise. He stiffened. Kaitlyn noticed, and her smile faltered. She glanced behind him, and he could see her eyes deaden and glare at someone behind him. 
“Well, if it isn’t the undefeated, Kato Hunter,” Jake Harris exclaimed. 
Kato turned and looked at the man, standing protectively in front of Kaitlyn. “Harris,” he greeted. The man still wore a clean suit and polished boots with a trimmed beard, and the man was still a piece of trash.
“I don’t know about undefeated now, though,” he said pointing his cigar to Kaitlyn behind him. “Looks like she’s got you whipped into shape.”
People began to stop and watch, wondering what was going on. Several of the men around them laughed at Harris’ little joke. Everyone except Kato. 
“Tell me, did you find her when you took her brother home that night?” Harris continued. If he thought to embarrass Kato, he was going to fail miserably. 
Kato grinned. In fact, it was going to turn right back around to the man. He crossed his arms. “You mean the boy you smacked around and made sport of at the fights?” he asked casually, but loud enough for everyone to hear. 
Harris shrugged, a smile on his stupid face. The cigar still rested between his chubby fingers. More people gathered around.
“I did meet her that night,” Kato answered glancing at her over his shoulder. “She was the boy you backhanded.”
Gasps were heard all around the crows as Harris’ mouth dropped open in surprise. 
“Kato, please,” Kaitlyn whispered grabbing his arm. 
Harris looked at her closely. 
“If you’ll excuse us,” Kato said leading her to the wagon seat, “we were just about to go home.” He could sense Kaitlyn’s relief as he lifted her up.
“It ain’t proper!” Harris exclaimed, as if the fault was all Kaitlyn’s. “A woman dressin’ as a man, going to fights. What kind of woman did you marry? What was she doin’ in a place like that?” he asked in a disgusted voice.
“She was hiding from an abusive father only to fall into the hands of an abusive farmer,” Kato explained. Murmurs spread around the audience.
“Kato,” Kaitlyn said, this time admonishing him. 
“Them Irish folks are tramps,” Jake Harris spat, “and that’s exactly what you married.”
Kato glared at the man. Just what was his problem? Why did he always want to pick a fight? And why did he always single him out? 
“Careful Harris,” he warned with a grin. “You saw me beat Adam Irons. Trust me when I say, you don’t want to be on that end of my fist.” 
The man threw his cigar on the ground and stepped into Kato’s face. “You think you’re so tough,” he said quietly. “All I ever hear is how Kato Hunter is the best fighter in town. How tough do you think you really are?” he asked, raising his voice for others to begin hearing easier. He stepped back and opened his arms. “Sure, you can beat one man. Anyone can do that in a proper ring-fight.”
“Except for the men I beat,” Kato retorted. Laughs were heard around them. The heat rose in Jake’s face.
“How about two men?” he said looking around before resting his hateful eyes back on Kato. “What about three, or four?”
A few men stepped up next to Harris, much to close to Kato and his wife. He glanced over his shoulder and took a defensive stance. Harris grinned. 
Kato now understood Amos better, and why he chose to keep to the ranch. If he had been able to see the trouble ahead of him when he started fighting, he never would have started. Except then he’d have never saved Kaitlyn, and he wouldn’t have found his mate. He sighed. 
“I’ll not fight so close to my wife or others,” he said looking around them. Many of the onlookers were women and children, standing only a few feet away. He wouldn’t risk anyone getting hurt. 
“Shall we?” Harris asked smiling, taking his hat and making way for him to the dirt street. He and the other men that had on their guns set them to the side.
Kato unbuckled his gun belt and set it in Kaitlyn’s lap on the wagon. He took a few steps, only to be shoved from behind onto the street. He stumbled a bit, but didn’t fall on his face. He heard the gasps around him and knew it reflected badly on Harris and his friend. It was a cheap shot. 
Four men, including Harris stood in a line in front of him. He had never fought this many at once, and if just one of them got ahold of him and a second helped, he was going to be in trouble. He glanced at Kaitlyn on the wagon seat, and she only stared with worry and concern. Just like she had the first night they had met. He grinned and gave her a reassuring nod. 
He turned back to the four in front of him. He wasn’t going to make the first move, he’d let them do it. Better to be on the defensive side right now. 
“You have got to be kidding me?” someone shouted from behind him. 
Kato didn’t take his eyes off the four men, but they became nervous. Kato could smell it. He grinned, knowing Amos was probably pretty upset as he approached.
“How is it that you run into trouble everywhere you go?” his oldest brother asked coming to stand next to him. 
“Trouble found me,” Kato stated nodding to Jake Harris and the three men with him. “I was just loading the wagon when Harris started insulting Kaitlyn.” Amos turned and glared at the man. “If I thought they’d leave us alone and quietly go on their way, me and Kaitlyn would have left. But Harris doesn’t fight fair.”
“So we can see,” Bryce stated, arms folded, glaring at the four men as well. “You against four isn’t fair at all.”
“Well, I wanted it to be fair, but only four stepped up,” Kato commented casually with a cocky grin.
Bryce smirked as the men’s eyes narrowed at the insult.
“We’re done here,” Amos said firmly as he turned to walk away. Bryce and Kato hadn’t moved.
“Afraid your undefeated brother can’t handle himself?” a man called out. 
Amos turned and looked back. That hadn’t been Jake or the other three. Kato and his brothers noticed two more men stepping off the boardwalk and joining Harris’ line. 
“Who’s this?” Amos asked Kato, pointing the other man. 
“I think I fought him once,” he answered, his brows furrowing in thought. 
“You think?” Bryce asked sardonically. 
“I can’t remember all of them,” Kato retorted defensively. “Maybe he made a bad bet against me. Either way, I’ve probably got a few in this town that don’t like me and would like to get a little revenge. I can guarantee there’s a little weasel walking around the crowd right now taking bets.”
Amos sighed. “You never should have started fighting,” he said glancing around, spotting the weasel Kato had mentioned. He didn’t recognize the man. 
“I know, Amos,” Kato answered regretfully, “but then I’d have never met Kaitlyn, and I won’t be sorry for that.”
He and his brothers looked around the crowd. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes stood close to Kaitlyn, and he appreciated that. Her father and brother had made their way to the scene as well, and Kato didn’t miss the man’s black eye.
“What happened to MacGuire?” he asked turning to Amos.
His older brother shrugged. Kato grinned. At least one of them got to put the man in his place. 
“Is the family meeting over?” Harris finally asked. “Have you decided to fight? Or are you three gonna tuck tail and run?”
All three brothers stiffened and slowly turned to face the now, six men lined up in front of them. If there was only one thing that Jake Harris could have said more wrong, that was it. No Hunter transit walked or ran away with his tail between his legs. Ever. The phrase alone was insulting enough for the three of them to finish this fight.
Kato could smell the trepidation and sweat on each of the men in front of him. He knew some of them had been pressured into this fight wanting to stand for their friend, Jake. It was a mistake. Kato could also smell the anger coming from his brothers, and he was sure they could smell the fury he was controlling now. 
“There are only six of them,” he said with a shrug. 
“We each get two,” Bryce added, a little cheer in his tone. Kato smiled. 
“Well don’t take long or play around. I wanted to start fixing that fence before sunset,” Amos finished. 
The six men charged.
Chapter 15

Kaitlyn couldn’t stop the tears spilling over as she watched Kato and his brothers in the fist fight. Each took some punches, but the three were winning overall. She wanted to scream for them to stop and slap Kato silly. 
How could he have humiliated her in front of the entire town? He didn’t have to tell everyone she had dressed as a boy, and he certainly didn’t have let the whole town know her father was heavy handed in discipline. They were already looked down on for being Irish. How much worse would it be now?
She was so angry, she was shaking. Her stomach was knotted tight as she clenched and unclenched her fists. What must they all think of her? Looking around, everyone was absorbed in the fight. No surprise there. This town was ridiculous. 
A couple of the men were down, and Kaitlyn didn’t know how long it would be before it was over. Unable to sit still, she hopped down from the wagon onto the boardwalk and started marching towards the end of Rest Stop. Mrs. Barnes had called out to her, but she simply kept walking. Realizing she still held Kato’s gun belt, she put it on and kept walking. At least she’d have a gun to protect her on her way home.
She didn’t want to watch the fight. She didn’t want to be the cause of those people’s entertainment. She didn’t want to be so embarrassed. 
The voices and cheers faded as she kept walking passed the edge of town. She’d just head back to the ranch herself and let them catch up when they were done making a spectacle. 
She sighed as the tears finally started abating. She knew she was being hard on Kato. He only meant to stand up for her, defend her. Maybe it wasn’t fair of her, but she wished he had just walked away. The entire town would now remember her as the Irish girl that dressed as a boy and had to marry the man who saved her. 
She wanted to be treated like a normal, respectable woman. She didn’t mean to be selfish, but she was afraid she’d never have that now. Kato had his respect through fighting. She wanted her own, not just as his wife. She wondered if he’d always get into a fight defending her honor every time they visited town.
“Kaitlyn!” she heard Kato shout from behind her. She stopped and turned to see him riding fast on Amos’s horse. He stopped short in front of her and jumped from the horse.
“What do you think you’re doing?” he asked, angry with her. 
“Going home,” she answered blandly continuing to walk towards the ranch. She was trying sorely hard not to pick a fight with her husband. 
He took her arm and turned her to face him. “Why are you so angry?”
She huffed. How on earth did he always know what she was feeling? It made it very hard for her to hide it. Of course, she probably wasn’t hiding it very well at all.
“Did ye win yer fight?” she asked with a sigh, noticing his nose bled some. He also had a red spot on his cheekbone similar to the one she had a week before. 
“Of course,” he answered. 
She chuckled dryly. “Of course,” she repeated beginning to walk again. 
He stopped her. “Kaitlyn, what is going on? Your emotions are all over the place, and I don’t know why.” He truly did sound distressed.
She looked in the distance as tears began to pool in her eyes, blasted female feelings. She wasn’t even sure she could put it into words at this point. Would he even understand? Or would he just think she was being ridiculous?  
“Don’t worry about what Jake Harris said,” he said after a moment. “Everyone in town will see him for the fool he is.” She only nodded in agreement. “Kaitlyn,” Kato said lifting her chin. He looked into her eyes for a moment as he breathed steadily. “You don’t have to be so embarrassed,” he finally said. 
Her eyes widened a bit. “How on earth do ye do that, Kato Hunter?” she asked. 
“Why are you so embarrassed anyhow?” he asked, ignoring her question. 
The wagon approached them then, cutting off their conversation. Amos drove, and she noticed he had a split lip while Bryce had a swelling and blackening eye. She wondered distractedly what the other six men looked like.
“Want to ride in the wagon, Kaitlyn?” Amos asked pulling to a stop. 
Before she could answer, Kato spoke.
“I’ll share your horse, if that’s all right?” he asked. 
Amos nodded after glancing at Kaitlyn for a second and nudged the horses forward. Bryce went with him. 
“Maybe I’d have liked to ride in the wagon,” she stated sternly putting her hands on her hips. 
“Not until you tell me what’s going on in that little, pretty, red head of yours,” Kato said mimicking her with his hands. “Besides, I want you next to me, not my brother.”
She narrowed her eyes. Why did he have to so likeable? It was irritating. 
His expression softened, and he placed his hands on her waist. 
“Tell me Kaitlyn, because I can’t stand to see you so upset,” he begged softly. 
She sighed. “I want to be a respectable woman, Kato,” she said. “I was embarrassed when ye told them I dressed like a boy and had an abusive father. Now, I’m afraid they’ll never see me as a respectable woman, but a foolish girl who married the famous Kato Hunter. I lost me temper and left the fight, though I am glad yer all right.”
“Kaitlyn,” he said pulling her into a hug and wrapping his arms around her. 
She sighed, feeling contentment seep into her. Everything seemed all right when he held her close. 
He held her at arm’s length. “You are a respectable woman, Kaitlyn. Just because some of the people in town don’t see it doesn’t change the fact. Just because some of the people in town don’t treat you like they should doesn’t change the fact. You work hard, are a good wife, and I love you. I respect you, and my brothers respect you.”
“Will ye have to defend me honor every time we come to town?” she asked. 
“I hope not, so that you can enjoy every trip we make to town,” he answered honestly, “but I will if I have to.” 
A man on a horse approached them slowly. 
“Are you Kato and Kaitlyn Hunter?” he asked. 
Kaitlyn saw the badge shine on the man’s jacket. This was the sheriff. 
“We are,” Kato answered. 
“Heard there was some trouble in town,” he said off handedly. “Just wanted to make sure you and your brothers were all right. I saw the other men.”
Kaitlyn glanced at Kato.
“We’re all right,” he replied with a nod. “Thank you for asking.”
“I’ll be honest with you Mr. Hunter, you and your brothers make me nervous. You stick to your ranch a lot, and that’s okay, but it makes you recluses. People in town don’t get to know you, and they’ll always treat you different,” he explained. “Now, I know you didn’t start the trouble a while ago, especially when I heard Jake Harris and his friends were involved.”
“What are you saying, sheriff?” Kato asked crossing his arms. Kaitlyn’s heart beat a little faster. Did he always have to come off so defensive? He glanced at her for a second. 
“I’m just saying it might not be a bad idea for you and your brothers to spend a little more time in town, get to know the people better. A man with many friends will always have help when he’s in trouble,” he stated. “I’ve said my piece. I’ll be on my way.” 
“I’ll share your advice with my brothers,” Kato said, giving the man a nod of respect. 
“I’d keep your distance from Jake Harris,” he added after some hesitation. “I know you’re the one they say is undefeated, and I also know he’s placed a lot of bets against you. He’s lost a lot of money because of you.”
“And did you advise Jake Harris to keep his distance from me and my wife as well?” Kato asked, his tone a notch lower. 
“I did,” he answered firmly, “but Jake’s a snake. A smart man would watch his back.”
Kato narrowed his eyes. “Thanks for the warning, Sheriff.”
The man nodded and rode back towards town.
“Do you think he’s a friend of Jake’s?” she asked looking back at Kato.
“I don’t know,” he answered tossing the reigns up over the horse.
“Do you trust him?” she asked. 
“I don’t trust anyone,” he answered. 
“Except for yer brothers,” she stated.
“Yep, and my pretty, little wife.” He kissed her nose. “And may I say, Kaitlyn Hunter, you look adorable with my guns.” He smiled as she looked down at her hips, the belt barely staying up. They both laughed and he helped her up onto Amos’ horse.
“You really think I’m famous?” he asked as they headed back to the ranch. 
Kaitlyn laughed. 
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Later that night, Kato waited for Kaitlyn to finish with the dishes. He added some logs the fireplace, getting ready to start a fire. How long would she be? 
He suddenly heard a shout from the front door.
“Got a calf coming!” Bryce yelled to the entire house. 
Kato shot out of the bedroom just as Kaitlyn emerged from the kitchen. She smiled as she hurried through the front door, and Amos was thundering down the stairs. Kato only glanced at him as they followed Kaitlyn out the door. 
They all hurried to the barn where one of their heifers was laying down, but sitting quietly, content. The front hooves of the baby calf and snout were already emerging. Kato smiled and glanced over at Kaitlyn. 
Her faced had drastically paled, and she had one hand over her mouth while the other pressed against her stomach. 
“Are you okay?” he asked hurrying to her and putting an arm around her waist. 
“Not sure I was quite prepared for this,” she said quietly, but her eyes stayed on the cow. 
“Maybe you should wait until it’s over,” he said looking for a seat.
“Nay,” she said patting his shoulder. “I wish to see.”
It wasn’t very long at all before the baby calf lay on the straw on the barn floor.
“Is it alive?” she whispered to him. 
He smiled. “Yeah, just waking up to a new world. It takes some time.”
They continued watching as the mother finally stood and moved over to her calf. She began licking and licking until it started moving. She looked over at her audience for a moment and then continued cleaning her baby. 
“Why did ye separate her from the other cows? Would they hurt the babe?” Kaitlyn asked, leaning over to him.
“Nah,” Kato answered soflty. “It’d be vulnerable in the field to wild animals. We lost one once to some wild wolves, and decided to try and have the births in the barn since we have a small herd and can pick them out pretty well. We let them wander during the day, but until they’re strong, we keep them close to the barn at night. Especially in the winter.”
“Ye mean like yer wolves that tracked me that mornin’?” she asked. 
Amos suddenly had a coughing fit, and Bryce patted him on the back.
“No,” Kato answered sending a glare towards his brother. “Those wolves are tame and would never hurt you.”
“I’ve heard them sometimes in the night. Gives me the shivers,” she said rubbing her arms. 
Kato sighed inwardly and looked to see Amos with an expression that only meant one thing. He had to tell her, soon. Or Amos would do it for him.
“’Tis a beautiful thing, isn’t it?” she asked softly as she leaned her head on him.
He chuckled. “I’m not sure beautiful was going through your head a few minutes ago.”
She laughed. “Nay, it wasn’t.” They watched a little longer, and the baby calf was sniffing the air. “Do ye want children, Kato?” she whispered. 
She probably didn’t want his brothers to hear. Unfortunately, they heard every word, even whispered. They did good pretending like they couldn’t hear anything. 
He looked at his mate and smiled. “More than anything.”
“I love ye, Kato,” she said after another moment. 
He gave her his brightest smile and kissed her head, then held her hand in his. He sighed in contentment. His mate loved him. 
“I love you, too,” he whispered as they went back to watching the baby calf.
A while later, Kaitlyn was dozing on his shoulder. Gently, he carried her inside and put her to bed. 
Chapter 16

The next morning, Kaitlyn awoke alone. She stretched and snuggled back into the warmth of the bed as she slowly woke up. Kato must have went out to the barn early to check on the newborn calf. She opened her eyes a little more and realized the sun was already high. She sat up. It must be mid-morning already. 
She went over to the water basin and ran a sponge over her neck and chest. The cool water was refreshing, and she thought about maybe going for another swim later when it was warmer. Slipping on her worn, gray dress, she decided she was going to begin making her new dresses today. 
She smiled as she thought how happy it would make Kato when she finally wore a new dress that he had bought for her. 
She was quiet as she headed for the kitchen. Voices became clearer.
Amos cursed. “Kato, you have to tell her.”
She stopped at the doorway. 
“I will,” her husband replied. “I just haven’t found the right time.”
“There is no right time,” Amos said running a hand through his hair. He turned and froze the moment he saw her standing there. 
Kato turned quickly and froze as well. “Kaitlyn,” he said, surprise in his voice. 
“What do ye need to tell me?” she asked stepping into the room. Both men simply stared at her.
Kaitlyn felt a rock sitting in her belly. She did her best to appear calm, but she was frantic. What was he hiding? Why was it so serious? Had he been married before? Did he have a child somewhere? Has he killed someone in the past? Whatever it was, it had to have happened before they were married. 
“I’ll let you two talk,” Amos stated. “I’m sorry, Kato. I didn’t mean for it to be this way.” He patted him on the shoulder and left through the kitchen door.
“What’s going on?” she demanded as soon as the door closed. Everything had been fine. Everything was going perfectly. Now, he was hiding something. 
“Kaitlyn, calm down,” Kato said taking her hands. 
“Don’t tell me to calm down, Kato Hunter. What’s going on? What are ye hidin’?” She pulled her hand away, not wanting his warm touch to distract her. He always did that when she needed to think clearly. 
“Kaitlyn, I love you. I don’t want anything to come become between us. Okay?” He looked desperately into her eyes. 
“I know ye love me,” she said hesitantly. She had come to trust him, and she wouldn’t let it be broken so easily.
He sighed heavily. “Look, I don’t know how to say this, but me and my brothers are different,” he said slowly leading her to one of the kitchen chairs.
Her brows furrowed. Different? They were kind, and gentlemanly when many weren’t. She sat down next to him, and he leaned toward her. 
“You know how I seem to be able to know your emotions?” She nodded. “It’s because I can sense them, in a way.”
“Like intuition?” she asked. 
“Not quite,” he answered with a one shoulder shrug. 
She raised her eyebrows, waiting for him to explain. 
He sighed again leaning his head back. “I’m just going to say everything, but I need you to try and be understanding and calm.” 
“Kato Hunter, I’m goin’ mad! Just tell me,” she said, unable to bear the stress any longer. 
“Me and my brothers are what we call transits. We aren’t fully human, and can transition into wolves. I have heightened senses of sight, hearing, and smell. I can sense when you’re afraid or worried, or happy. I can see in the night without a problem. I can hear your heart beating frantically right now. I’m faster and stronger than any normal man. That’s how I’ve stayed undefeated at the fights. I can turn into a wolf, and think clearly like a man.” He paused and watched her. 
Kaitlyn sat still as a statue, unblinking and breathing slowly. She was trying very hard to process everything he had told her, but she just couldn’t seem to wrap her mind around it. 
Was he insane? Slowly, she started nodding as she looked to the side. He probably was. Were his brothers insane as well? She looked back into Kato’s eyes, and they were dead serious. She was becoming frightened. What was he talking about, being able to turn into a wolf?
“Don’t be afraid,” he said.
Her eyes widened. This wasn’t the first time he did that. In fairness, what other emotion could she be feeling at the moment? It was just a lucky, dead-on guess.
“I know it’s a lot to take in,” he said, “but you can always trust me. I’ll never hurt you.”
“Kato, yer – yer not makin’ any sense,” she stuttered. She was losing her temper with him. Why was he doing this? It wasn’t funny.
“Come with me,” he said taking her hand and leading her to their bedroom.
Kaitlyn couldn’t ignore the dread weighing down on her. She really was beginning to believe Kato was crazy. He did do some strange things, but nothing so alarming that she’d need to think he was insane.
As soon as they reached their room, he closed the door behind then and began taking his clothes off. 
“Mercy’s sake, what are ye doin?” she exclaimed. 
“Do you trust me, Kaitlyn?” he asked pulling his shirt over his head.
“Aye,” she said hesitantly. 
He glanced at her in question as he removed his britches. She had to admit it didn’t sound very convincing. What did he expect? He was frightening her. 
After another moment, he stood before her completely nude. She looked him up and down and didn’t deny he was the most attractive man she’d ever seen. She just hoped this was a mean joke and he wasn’t the craziest man she’d ever seen.
“I need you to trust me, Kaitlyn. I would never hurt you. I love you.” 
He spoke so severely, there was no way she could accuse him of lying. He believed every word he said. She nodded, her eyes wide.
“I’m going to turn into a wolf now,” he said slowly and clearly. 
If it was possible, her eyes opened even wider. What was she going to do? Her husband was crazy.
Suddenly, the man before her quickly changed. Kato had closed his eyes one moment, and the next he was sinking lower. His skin and shape became a blur to her as he became darker, furrier, and she wasn’t sure she was seeing clearly. Shaking her head, she opened her eyes to see a wolf now standing in front of her. 
She gasped and fell back against the door behind her. Her breaths were short and heavy as she stared at the large, light-gray wolf. Her hands shook as she pressed them against her stomach, afraid she was going to be sick. 
The wolf whined and sat on its haunches, raising a paw towards her and pawing the air between them. When she didn’t move, it lay down and rested its head on its front paws, whining again. 
She was afraid. She was frantic. She was downright hysterical. She had to get out of this room. She reached for the knob on the door and turned it. The wolf suddenly sat up, it’s ears straight and eyes watching her closely. As fast as she could, she opened the door and ran out. She glimpsed the wolf stand and run towards the door, but she closed it in time. 
She heard a howl pierce the air as she ran out the front door of the house screaming. Glass shattered. She turned to look, and saw the wolf run out from the side of the house. She screamed again as she ran into something solid. 
“Kaitlyn, calm down,” Amos said as he tried controlling her. 
“No! Let me go!” she screamed hitting and kicking him. She tried to run away from him, but he wrapped an arm around her waist and held her firm against him. 
“Kaitlyn, no one’s going to hurt you,” he said. 
She was breathing hard, and blast it all she couldn’t get out of Amos’ grip. “You’re crazy!” she shouted hysterically. The wolf barked and yipped at them. “Stay away from me!” She wrenched away from him in Amos’ arms.
“Kato, change back! Now!” Bryce ordered hotly. 
Kaitlyn didn’t know when he had joined them, but he seemed just as upset as she was. Suddenly, Kato was standing in front of her grabbing her flailing fists. 
“Kaitlyn!” he shouted at her. 
She stopped and glared at him, breathing very hard. It was like he had played a horrible joke on her, and she could hardly contain the fury burning in her chest. 
“I’m right here,” he said calmly but firmly. He rubbed her wrists with his thumb.
She wanted to slap him, scream at him for scaring her, but it hadn’t been a joke. Her husband had turned into a wolf and then turned back into a man right in front of her.  
He gently wrapped a hand behind her neck and pulled her close until their foreheads met.
“I’m right here,” he whispered.
It was as if a waterfall had turned on behind her eyes because she couldn’t stop the tears that poured down her face. 
Amos slowly released his arm around her, and Kato caught her in his arms as she started collapsing to the ground. She couldn’t control the sobs that seemed to erupt from her chest. 
Kato knelt to the ground and held her close, murmuring something to her that she couldn’t understand. 
“What happened?” she cried. “How is this possible? What are you? How do I know you’re the same? How do I know who you are?”
“Better go back inside,” Amos said quietly as she continued to cry. 
Instead of putting her down, Kato simply carried her into the house and returned to the bedroom. Kaitlyn cried the entire way. 
She felt him lay her in the bed and pull the covers up over her. She watched as he lit another fire in the fireplace, and she was glad for it. She felt cold and sick. When there was a decent flame, he climbed into the bed next to her and pulled her into him until he was curled around her. 
He didn’t say anything, just held her close. She let his warmth seep into her as she slowly calmed and quit crying. Her head ached something fierce, but she didn’t care. Her perfect world felt shattered. 
She didn’t know how long they’d been lying there, dozing on and off. The sun was getting low and the room was darkening. Kato had gotten up a time or two to add wood to the warm fire, but neither of them spoke. Kaitlyn didn’t know what to say. Of course, she had only one million questions, but she didn’t want to know the answers. Not right now, anyway. 
“I love you, Kaitlyn,” Kato said softly. “Please know that. I know you’re confused and afraid, and you don’t understand anything right now, but know that I love you. That will never change.”
“Even if you change?” she asked quietly, her voice weak. Her throat was sore from her hysterical screams. 
“Even as my wolf, I’m conscious of you. I still love you and would do anything for you,” he explained. 
Kaitlyn didn’t respond, but she closed her eyes in relief. When he had turned into a wild animal in front of her, she thought he was gone. There was no more Kato there, but a wolf that could rip her to shreds. She’d never heard or seen anything like it in her life, and she still didn’t know what to make of it. All she cared about was that Kato was with her now, holding her close. 
Chapter 17

Kato held Kaitlyn all night, even after she had fallen asleep. His heart was breaking at her silence, but he knew she needed time. He was glad she let him hold her instead of sending him away. He didn’t know if he could have handled that. He got up and replenished the fire wood when needed, but never left her side otherwise. 
He had done everything he could as a wolf so that he didn’t appear very threatening. He must be quite frightening, because Kaitlyn’s fear was strong. On the other hand, he was used to this sort of thing. It’s who and what he was. A young girl who had never been exposed to such things could possibly lose her mind. 
He only prayed she hadn’t.
It was a little after dawn, and he could hardly stand it. He didn’t want to be selfish, but how she awoke to him would give him an idea of how she was going to treat him. Knowing she’d sleep a while longer, he got up, got dressed, and made breakfast. 
Half an hour later, he went back into their room with a tray of hot coffee, eggs, ham, and a biscuit. Setting it to the side, he sat beside her and gently shook her shoulder. She stirred but didn’t open her eyes. 
“I brought you breakfast,” he whispered and gently kissed her head.
She gave him a small smile and barely opened her eyes to look at him. He smiled back, but he knew his eyes were sad. It took her a second, but she slowly remembered the day before. Her face told him so. 
She sat up and looked at him. 
“’Twasn’t a dream, was it?” she asked softly. 
He handed her the cup of hot coffee. “No.” She inhaled the aroma before taking a sip. “I know you must be upset with me for not telling you sooner,” he said looking down at his folded hands, “but I didn’t know how to, as you can imagine.” He didn’t sense any fear, and he couldn’t even express the relief of it. 
“Aye, it must be hard to share that sort of thing with anyone,” she agreed. She looked deeply into the cup of soothing liquid. 
He sat there and looked at her, but he wasn’t sure what he should do or say. “I don’t know what you want from me, Kaitlyn.” 
She tilted her head to the side and just watched him. “Seeing you now, ‘tis not so frightening a thing. I know it’s you and that I’m safe.” 
Kato couldn’t stop his eyebrows from reaching high in surprise. This was a good sign. 
“But it is a hard thing to understand and accept,” she said, finishing her thought and looking to the side. She took another sip of coffee. 
“But you still love me?” he asked, his heart ready to jump out of his chest anxiously. She continued to look into the coffee for a moment, and Kato could hardly stand it.  
“Aye, Kato. I still love ye,” she said quietly as she took his hand in her own. “I just don’t feel like I truly know ye. I feel as if a secret has shattered our simple love. ‘Tis complicated now.”
“No,” he said laying a hand against her face gently. “Ask me anything, and I’ll tell you. No more secrets, Kaitlyn. I am still the same man who rescued that night at the fights. It was my wolf-side that made me want to protect you so badly.” 
“What do ye mean?” she asked, her brows furrowing in confusion. He loved when she made that face, always curious.
“Remember a couple of nights ago when I explained to you about being my mate?” She nodded. “It’s because of what I am. When I saw you that night, the wolf part of me recognized you as my mate.”
“Ye thought I was a boy,” she said wrinkling her nose. 
He chuckled. “Yes, which is why as a man, I didn’t quite understand why I was so drawn to you. My senses became disoriented, and I wanted to kill anyone who laid a hand on you. I wanted to protect you above anything else. I simply thought that I couldn’t just stand by and watch the injustice towards a young boy, but my wolf knew.”
“Did the wolf inside tell ye I was yer mate?” she asked.
He shook his head. “There isn’t anything inside of me,” he explained. “As a man, it’s like a gut feeling I get about something. I knew I couldn’t leave that barn without you. It’s the same way as a wolf. There’s nothing separated inside of me. I’m just, whole.”
She sighed. “I don’t know if I can understand, Kato,” she said shaking her head. 
“You don’t have to understand if you’ll only be open to what I am. I’ll share everything with you, explain everything to you as best as I can,” he said gently. “I’m only afraid of losing you, Kaitlyn. Nothing else. That is what I fear the most.” 
He leaned forward and kissed her, hoping she wouldn’t be disgusted with him now. Instead, she returned the kiss. He pulled back and looked into her eyes.
“I was afraid I had lost ye when that wolf appeared in front of me eyes. I just need to know that ye are the same man that married me and loves me,” she said seriously. “That ye are still here with me now.”
He set the coffee cup back on the tray beside the bed. “I will love you until death do us part, Kaitlyn Hunter.” He pulled her onto his lap and kissed her.  
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Several days passed much the same. The first few days, Kaitlyn had been quiet and shy. It was as if she was waiting for one of them to transition any moment. Kato reassured her repeatedly until he was probably getting on her nerves. He’d rather that, than her walking around in fear. 
She visited the baby calf regularly and continued her morning walks, though she ventured out further than she used to. Kato wanted her to stick close, but figured he was on thin ice as it was. He wasn’t about to tell his head-strong, stubborn wife to stick closer to the house. 
Instead, he taught her how to handle a pistol and asked her to carry it when she went for walks. She must have appreciated him treating her like the capable woman she was, because she didn’t object or question him about it. She simply did her best with practice and did as he asked.
She asked him questions throughout their time together about him and his brothers, and he answered her the best he could, sharing with her the legend his parents had taught them. He admitted that they didn’t know a lot about being transits, but they had learned much more when she entered the picture. 
Kato felt as though she had adjusted quite well after that first day. It had been a lot to take in, but she was strong and loved him. His doubts had slowly disappeared over the last couple of weeks. She never rejected or turned away from his touches or advances, which was what he feared the most. In fact, she welcomed them with as much passion as he had. 
“I named the calf,” she said one night at supper. The three of them froze.
“You what?” Kato asked, turning towards her casually.
“I named the calf. I couldn’t go on callin’ her ‘baby cow’. What?” she asked noticing their expressions. 
“We don’t usually name our cows,” Bryce said carefully. 
“In fact, we try not to get too attached,” Amos added. 
She looked at each of them a moment. “What am I missin’?” she asked shrugging and letting her hands fall in her lap. 
Kato cleared his throat. “We don’t get too attached because they usually end up sold, taken to market, or on the supper table.”
Kaitlyn gasped as her hand flew to her chest. “Not Maggie!” she exclaimed. 
“Maggie?” Amos questioned, a grin forming. 
Bryce’s head was so low, his expression was hidden. His shoulders, however, indicated he was having a good laugh.
Kato coughed, covering up a chuckle. 
“’Tis not funny!” Kaitlyn exclaimed hitting Bryce with her dish towel she always kept tucked in her belt. She must have seen his shoulders too. 
Amos was laughing out loud now, and Kaitlyn chucked an apple at him, her cheeks red with embarrassment. Amos caught the apple easily and her mouth fell open. 
“Shouldn’t be throwin’ food around,” he said as his laughter slowly died. “It can get ugly, real fast.” 
Kato glanced at Kaitlyn, who seemed to be fuming in her seat. Whether for the baby cow, Maggie, or her hating to be laughed at, he didn’t know. Of course, she didn’t know about all of their food fights when they were boys. There had even been some when they were adults. 
He noticed she didn’t catch the warning in Amos’ tone as she picked up chunk of fried potato. On the other hand, maybe she had and didn’t care. 
“I don’t know,” she said, casually examining the piece of potato. “I believe ye’d be pretty with some food on ye.” She tossed it just as soon as she finished her sentence. 
Kato backed up his seat at the same time Bryce did. Amos could have easily caught that potato piece, but he didn’t. 
Kaitlyn simply raised her eyebrows at his brother, proud of her rebellious nature. Man, he loved this woman. 
Amos picked up the poor potato chunk that landed on a wrinkle in his shirt and smashed between his fingers. He smiled, and Kato knew he had heard her heart rate pick up speed as he did. She sat unmoving in her seat staring at Amos, completely under control. On the outside. 
“I think this meal is over,” Amos standing, standing with his plate and going to the sink. Kato and Kaitlyn had their backs to Amos, and he looked over to Bryce in question. Was Amos just being nice because it was Kaitlyn? Bryce shrugged, but then his eyes went wide. 
Kato turned in time to see Amos take a handful of fried potatoes and slam them down on Kaitlyn’s head. She shouted and tried to push his hands away, but Amos just rubbed the potato in her hair. When he was done, he sat back down in his chair, ignoring the smashed potato on his own hands. No point in washing them if this was about to get out of hand, which it usually did. 
Kaitlyn glared at each of them a moment through strands of potatoed-hair before she grabbed handfuls of food and began her assault on all of them. Kato wasn’t sure why she was after him exactly, but he didn’t care.
Each of them followed suit, and food was flying around the kitchen covering them in it. Kato didn’t worry about Kaitlyn once. She could hold her own pretty good. She was laughing, and enjoying herself, too. 
Food ran out pretty quickly, and they ended up standing and laughing at each other when it was finished. Kaitlyn breathed somewhat heavily, having worn herself out. 
“Look at the mess,” she exclaimed. “How will I clean it all up?”
“We’ll help you, Kaitlyn,” Bryce said chuckling. “This isn’t the first time this has happened.” 
“Really?” she said looking at Kato, then Amos. 
The oldest brother bowed. “Welcome to the family, Kaitlyn,” he said gallantly. 
She curtsied. “Thank ye, Amos.”
“Let’s go clean up,” Kato said going towards the back door. 
“How do ye clean this up?” Kaitlyn asked holding up some strands of her hair and looking at them as best as she could. 
“The creek is easiest,” he answered. She stopped and looked at him. 
“The creek? ‘Tis cold at night! I’ll catch me death,” she exclaimed with hands on her hips. 
“First of all,” Kato said laying a hand on each of her shoulders, “let’s not talk about you dying. Second, I’ll keep you warm, Mrs. Hunter. You can bet on that,” he said giving her a quick kiss. Before she could respond he threw her over his shoulder.
“Kato Hunter!” she squealed in protest. 
“You’re stubborn, Kaitlyn,” he said matter-of-factly. “I don’t want to take the time to convince you. Besides, doesn’t it kind of remind you of our first day together?” He gave her butt a light smack. 
“Nay!” she shouted. “Ye brute!”
Kato could hear his brothers laughing up ahead, Amos carrying the lantern. They could see easily, but Kaitlyn would appreciate the light. 
They reached the water, and he pulled her in front of him, still holding her in his arms. “Is this more comfortable?” he asked smiling. 
She furrowed her brows and stuck her chin out, not answering him. He approached the water without slowing down, and she wrapped her arms tightly around his neck.
“Nay! Kato, ‘tis cold!” she shrieked as he entered the water. She wriggled in his hold, trying to get higher. He only laughed. 
His brothers watched as he joined them into the center of the stream, and again Kaitlyn shrieked at the cold water now touching her. 
“I can sense your anger,” he said. She didn’t seem phased by what he said, which was good. She was getting used to that part of him. “It’s time to cool you off.” Her eyes widened the slightest bit before he fell back into the water, pulling her under with him. 
She came up sputtering and shouting at him, and he backed away so she couldn’t reach him. She slipped, but Bryce steadied her by the arm and released her. She turned until she spotted Kato. 
“See? Just like the first day,” he said smiling. 
She growled a bit before she bent over and started running her hands through her hair trying to get all of the potato out. He went over and helped her.
“Kato, we’ll be down a ways,” Amos said. He nodded.
“Why?” Kaitlyn asked. 
“They’re probably going to transition,” Kato answered. 
“Wait!” she called out. Kato looked down at her while his brothers stopped and looked at her as well. “Ye don’t have to leave.”
Kato looked back at his brothers. “We’ll be back,” Amos said. He and Bryce swam out of the light. 
“Do they not want me to see?” she asked Kato. 
“They need to take off their clothes,” he explained. “I’d beat them if they undressed in front of you,” he said turning her back to them. 
She giggled. “Why do ye need to undress? Wouldn’t the clothes just—fall off?” she said shrugging, her palms facing up. 
Kato chuckled. “We’ve actually tried that. In urgent situations, we’d probably do it that way, but they tend to just get in the way or ruined.”
“Ruined?” she asked. 
“Yeah, they can rip or tear,” he said looking to the side for his brothers.
Finally, two large light-gray wolves slowly approached. Kato saw Kaitlyn’s eyes open wide at the sight of them, but there was no fear. 
“Those are the wolves that found me that day,” she said looking at Kato. He nodded, smiling. “You mean they were yer brothers?” 
“Yep,” he said chuckling. 
Both wolves just stood paw deep in the water in the light, but didn’t come any closer. She could even see little pieces of food in their fur. 
“They look a lot like yer wolf, if I remember right,” she commented. 
“We think it’s because we’re brothers,” he stated. 
She moved a few feet closer and looked closely at them, Kato right behind her. 
“Are yer eyes the same when ye’re in wolf form?” she asked looking back at him. He nodded. “Then the blue eyes are Amos, and the green eyes are Bryce.” 
“You’re right,” Kato confirmed wrapping his arms around her. “You’re getting cold,” he said picking her up. “I’m taking Kaitlyn inside,” he told his brothers. 
He carried her quickly to the house, and by the time he got her inside, she was shivering. 
“You were right,” he said grimly. “It was too cold for you.”
“’T-t-tis f-fine,” she shivered. 
Kato practically ripped her dress off and was glad she didn’t complain. He didn’t like that old, torn dress anyway. She climbed in bed and pulled the covers to her chin as he started a warm fire. When it was going, he took off his own clothes and climbed in with her, pulling her close. 
“We produce a lot of body heat,” he said. 
She shivered before relaxing against him. “Mm, feels good,” she said. 
When she was no longer trembling, he slowly ran his fingers along her skin, kissing her exposed neck. 
It didn’t take long for things to heat up between them.
Chapter 18

Kaitlyn got up extra early to go and clean the kitchen since they had left it last night, but it was spotless when she got there. She felt guilty that her and Kato hadn’t helped, especially because she brought it on. 
Rolling up the sleeves to her last dress, she decided to make them a big breakfast in thanks. They didn’t get as much to eat for supper the night before. 
By the time the boys had gotten to the kitchen, she had hot coffee, fruit sliced with cheese lying out, a plate of warm biscuits, plenty of sliced ham, and heaping piles of eggs on three different plates. She had her own plate, but only a pile that she knew would satisfy her with everything else. 
“I like your mate,” Bryce said to Kato as he sat down with a smile. 
Kato came and kissed her on the cheek, then helped her with the plates. He smiled at his brother’s comment. 
Kaitlyn wasn’t awkward with their talk of senses or ‘mate’ anymore. It was becoming normal, and she was used to the idea by now. Of course, none of them had shocked her with their transitions, and she had been prepared the night before. Plus, Kato stayed himself and stood next to her. That had been a tremendous help. 
She wondered all through breakfast if it bothered him that she was willing to see his brothers as wolves and not him, though it hadn’t been intentional. Just spur-of-the-moment.  The first time obviously hadn’t gone well at all, but he most definitely hadn’t been bothered last night as they made love, and he wasn’t acting perturbed now. 
“Did you want to check on Maggie?” Kato asked as he helped her clean up the kitchen after breakfast. 
She nodded, and they headed out to the barn as soon they finished. 
They let the heifer and Maggie out of their stall, and immediately the large cow headed for the doors. Kaitlyn laughed as she watched Maggie hesitate at the doors. 
“She’s still not used to the outside,” Kato commented. 
One call from mama, and the calf scampered outside and stayed close its mother. Kato and Kaitlyn followed a small ways, watching. 
“Yer attached,” Kaitlyn commented. Kato glanced at her and gave a sheepish grin. 
“Just don’t tell my brothers,” he said. “I’ll never hear the end of it.”
She laughed. “Aye, I’ll keep yer secret.” She looked around towards the forest. “I was goin’ for me walk this mornin’. I hoped ye’d come with me.” 
“I thought you liked the time alone,” he commented. 
“’Tis not that,” she said as they walked hand in hand. “It gave me plenty of time to think about me life, and everythin’ that happened. Now, I’d like ye to come. Unless ye have yer chores,” she said quickly. She didn’t want Amos or Bryce to be cross with him. 
“It’ll be all right,” he said taking her hand. “I have time for a walk.”
They walked a while, and deeper into the forest than Kaitlyn had ever gone. She usually stayed pretty close to the tree line so she wouldn’t get lost. Kato probably knew exactly where he was and how to get back home. 
“I’ve forgotten how beautiful it is out here,” he commented as they rested on a rock at the top of a small hill. “The air is different somehow.”
“Ye used to come out here often?” she asked leaning against a large boulder. He looked around them, as if remembering much about the area. 
“Every day,” he answered leaning his head back and looking up at the trees. “Me and my brothers would transition and spend days out here as wolves.”
“Why’d ye stop?” She wondered how long it had been since Kato had transitioned freely and did whatever he wanted. She felt a little guilty, knowing she was part of the reason he probably hadn’t in so long. Leaning down, she picked a purple flower. 
“The town was getting bigger, and we had to be careful. A lot of people don’t like wolves killing their chickens and goats,” he explained. “We’re dangerous you know.” He was teasing her, she knew. 
“Nay, yer not so dangerous I think,” she said twirling the flower between her fingers. 
He gave her a feral smile before wrapping his arms around her and squeezing her in a bear hug. She laughed loudly and struggled, causing him to lose his footing. He tried to steady himself as he held her, but he fell and they rolled down the hill together. 
He crawled over to her quickly. “Are you okay?” he asked cradling her head. 
Kaitlyn would have played dead, but she couldn’t keep a straight face and laughed. He let out a breath in relief. 
“See how dangerous we are?” he asked rolling his eyes. He picked a stick out of her hair and tossed it to the side.
“Nay, I think it is only ye who is so dangerous after all,” she said pushing him onto his back and laying on his chest. She lowered her head and kissed him. 
“I can be pretty reckless. I hope –“ He stopped speaking, sitting up quickly and stared at something next to her. 
Fearing it was a crawler or snake, Kaitlyn looked down, but nothing was there. Suddenly, Kato cursed and stood up. 
“What is it?” she asked, becoming nervous. This wasn’t like Kato. He was confident and sure of himself. Right now, he looked almost afraid. 
“Do you have the pistol?” he asked beginning to remove his clothes. 
“Nay, I left it at the house since ye were here,” she answered standing. “Please, tell me.”
“Transits,” he said darkly. 
“Perhaps it’s yer brothers playing a trick,” she said looking around them. Kato continued to frantically remove his clothes. 
“These aren’t my brother’s scents,” he answered. 
Luckily, Kato had explained ‘scents’ to her a while back, and she didn’t have to wonder what he was talking about it. It was nice to know the information she needed to understand her husband better, especially in a situation like this.
“I’m going to transition,” he said seriously, taking her arms and looking her dead in the eyes. “I need you to be very calm and stay as close to me as you can. Do you understand?” His grip tightened slightly.
“Aye,” she said with a firm nod. Whatever was coming, she was going to be a help to Kato as much as she could be, no matter how much she feared.
He gently laid a hand to her cheek, his eyes softening. Finally, he faced the other way and transitioned. Kaitlyn kept her breathing as steady as she could, and didn’t look until she heard panting. Kato was now a light-gray wolf, much lighter than his brothers. 
Throwing his head back, he let out two deafening howls making Kaitlyn cover her ears. She had no idea why he did it, thinking it would only give their position away, but she trusted him. If he could smell the other transits, then it was probable they could smell her and Kato as well. 
Kato stood still in front of her, his ears moving forward and backward. He continually sniffed the air, and then his head lowered. She heard a low rumble coming from him, but it wasn’t exactly a growl. 
Suddenly, three wolves appeared at the top of the hill to their right. Kaitlyn continued to try and control her breathing, but she didn’t know who these wolves were. 
Kato’s head hung low as he moved to stand between her and the three strangers. The center wolf was a dark gray color, like charcoal. It stood taller than the other two, which were also a shade darker than Kato. 
They simply looked down at them, and Kaitlyn had no idea what was happening. Were they somehow communicating as wild wolves did? She knew they could probably hear her heart hammering in her chest and smell the fear she knew she felt, but still, she kept her breathing as steady as possible. 
After a moment of the staring contest, the center wolf took a couple of steps towards them down the slope. Kaitlyn immediately took a step back as Kato began growling viciously at them. She balled her hands into fists as she controlled the urge to run. Kato said to stay by him. 
This wasn’t the way she wanted to see his wolf again, but he was protecting her. She was grateful. The wolf stopped its decent and cocked its head to the side. Kato continued to bare his teeth, growling and snapping in warning.
Kaitlyn heard growling behind her and whirled around to find two wolves growling and coming towards them. No, they weren’t growling at her and Kato, and they looked just like him. This was Amos and Bryce!
She turned back to Kato and saw Bryce step next to him while Amos took the lead, but only by a few feet. No one was growling now, and the descending wolf had rejoined his friends at the top of the hill. He gave a small howl at them, and then the three strangers turned and left. 
Kaitlyn glanced at Kato, Bryce, and Amos, but they still hadn’t moved. Finally after a few long moments, they turned and looked at her. She let her breath out and sat down hard. She hadn’t realized she had been holding it and became light-headed. Kato immediately began licking her face and whining. 
“I’m fine,” she said gently pushing him away. The gesture was sweet, but gross. He laid his head on her lap, and she actually felt close to him. This was her husband, just as a wolf. “This is not so bad,” she whispered to him. She gently rubbed her hand over his head and down his neck. “Ye are a softy after all,” she teased.
His eyes closed, seeming content. He was actually rather calming and comforting this way, like a loyal dog. She smiled. She wasn’t going to tell him that.  
Finally, Kato must have been satisfied she was fine. He got up and went by his clothes where he transitioned back into himself, as a man. 
“Are you okay?” he asked grabbing his britches. 
“Aye, just a little anxious,” she said. 
He dressed quickly and knelt next to her. “We need to head back to the house,” he said. 
She nodded, and he helped her up. She noticed Amos and Bryce were sticking close and wondered if the three wolves were still a threat.
“Will they come back?” she asked. 
Kato looked around. “They’re gone for now, but transits move fast and there were two more out there we never saw. Amos and Bryce are making sure they don’t surprise us again.”
“How did they know to come to help you?”
“I howled,” Kato replied smiling at her. 
Chapter 19

“Think they’re new to the town?” Bryce asked as they rode out to check on their cattle. With transits in the area, they’d need to be extra watchful of their property. Nothing had happened over the last few days, but they didn’t want to take chances.
“I don’t know,” Amos answered. “There hasn’t been a transit in this area for a while, so it makes sense. They weren’t challenging or aggressive.”
“I think they may have been curious,” Bryce commented. “No tellin’ how long it’s been since they’ve come across other transits.”
“There were two we didn’t see,” Kato reminded. He was more disturbed by the visit than his brothers, maybe because he had a mate to care for now. Her safety was his top priority. “They weren’t rogue since they were obviously a pack, but it could have been a group of the dissenters Beck mentioned years ago. We don’t want them around. They’ll cause nothing but trouble.”
“Maybe the two held back so they didn’t appear too threatening,” Bryce replied. 
Kato glanced to the side, somewhat frustrated. Bryce was always the mild one, trying to be positive in every situation. Amos was intense, but he always took time to think things out. Kato knew he was a bit reckless, but at least he took action. Their personalities evened everything out he guessed. 
“We’ll take extra precautions,” Amos said. “Has Kaitlyn got the gun you gave her?”
“Yeah, I told her to keep it within reach from now on, even at the house,” he answered. 
Amos nodded in approval. “That’s all we’re going to do for now until we know more. We’re not going to go lookin’ for trouble if there isn’t any.”
“Have you got the list for Kaitlyn’s party?” Kato asked, wanting to change the subject to something more fun. His mate’s eighteenth birthday in a week. 
“Got it in a book in my room,” Bryce answered. 
“Don’t forget to invite the preacher and his wife as well as the Barnes folks,” Kato reminded. Kaitlyn liked them, and they were always kind to her.
“We’ll head into town in a couple of days for supplies and get everything then. Think you can keep her home?” Amos asked with a grin. 
“Head out before breakfast, and I’ll tell her you’re gone when she wakes up,” Kato answered. He knew she’d want to go with them, but not this time. 
“She won’t be happy,” Bryce said. 
“Eh, I’ll keep her busy,” he answered. 
“I’ll just bet you will,” Amos commented under his breath. 
They laughed.
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
“Town?” Kaitlyn exclaimed putting her hands on her hips as Kato washed his face at the water basin in their room. 
“Yeah, they needed to get a few supplies,” he answered casually. 
“Maybe I’d have liked to go to town, too!” she said hotly. 
“I know, but I wanted to spend the day together. Just you and me,” he said smiling as he dried with a towel. 
Kaitlyn pursed her lips. How could she be frustrated with that? It was sweet. 
“We could take a swim, go riding, maybe even have another shooting practice,” he said shrugging. 
“Those are all very romantic plans,” she said sardonically resting her hands on his chest, “especially yer last idea.”
He folded his hands together behind her back. “You mean shooting practice?” he asked. 
“Mm-hm.”
“I am a rather romantic man,” he said lifting his chin in a haughty manner. She smacked him, and he laughed. “Just kidding.”
“I’ll collect the eggs,” she said leaving the room.
“I’ll get the milk,” he added following her out. 
After breakfast, he led her outside and around the house. She followed without question, thinking they were simply going for a walk, but he had a surprise for her. He stopped several yards away from the house and stopped. 
“What do you think?” he asked smiling.
She chuckled. “About what?” she asked looking around. Had she missed something?
“Building our house here,” he said. 
Kaitlyn’s eyes grew wide, startled. “Our house?” she asked looking around the area. The tree line and creek was to the left, and it circled behind several yards away turning into a massive forest. 
“The creek isn’t so far away now, and we can have a bit of privacy when we want to take a little swim,” he explained, his tone making his plans very clear. “It’s close enough to Amos and Bryce’s house, and we can visit easily. We’ll still share the chickens and barn, but we can have a little something of our own.” He looked down at her to see tears brimming in her eyes. He didn’t sense any sadness, simply joy. 
She laughed as she jumped into his arms, wrapping her own around his neck. He spun her around before setting her down. 
“I’m so glad we got married, Kato Hunter,” she said. “I think it’s absolutely perfect.”
“Just like you,” he said before kissing her. 
They spent another hour sitting on the ground talking about their future home. She was animated as she started planning a garden.
He was glad she agreed to spend a couple of hours shooting when he suggested it. For one, she needed to be able to protect herself and the house if he and his brothers were away. Two, an armed woman became less of a target to unsavory characters. Three, God bless her, she just wasn’t very good and needed the practice. 
He was proud as she continued to load and shoot, reload and shoot. She was a determined little thing. Her hair was a little past her shoulders now and it flew around her face in the breeze. She stuck her tongue out just the littlest bit as she aimed, and he smiled. She was wearing the dark blue dress she finished the day before, and it fit her frame perfectly, the color bringing out her fair skin and hair. 
“I’m not gettin’ any better, Kato,” she said sighing. 
“Sure you are,” he said taking the revolver. She gave him a look. “You hold the gun steadily, you’re used to the kick after pulling the trigger now, and you aim quicker. You’re hitting the targets more, and you load a lot faster, too. It’s only your third time. You’re doing fine.”
“Aye, I guess ‘tis a little progress,” she conceded.
“What do you want to do now?” he asked reloading her gun for her. 
“Is Maggie with the cattle?”
“Yeah, I let them out this morning,” he answered handing it back to her.
She put it in her pocket. “Let’s go see.”
They went to the barn and saddled his horse. Amos and Bryce hitched their horses to the wagon leaving only his. Kato didn’t mind, he liked sharing his horse with Kaitlyn.
She sat in front of him, and he let her direct the horse as they rode out into the field. With just the three of them, Kato admitted they didn’t grow their ranch very big. There was still plenty of open land they could grow into, but right now they had enough. A large section was fenced so the cattle wouldn’t wander into the forest, but still had more than enough grass to feed from. 
She let the horse wander as she looked around. Finally spotting the growing calf, she urged it forward startling Kato. He caught himself before he slid off the back of the animal. 
“Maggie!” Kaitlyn called out. 
Kato watched as the calf raised her head at the sound of Kaitlyn’s voice, looking around. She stopped the horse a small ways away and he gave her a hand down. The minute the calf recognized her, it galloped towards her. Kato stayed on the horse, refusing to become even more attached to the silly animal. 
Even the mama responded and approached Kaitlyn, though slow as if it didn’t care either way. Maggie leaned against Kaitlyn as she pet and rubbed the little heifer. She looked up at him and smiled. He sighed. There’s no way he could take that cow to market, not now. It would break her big, tender heart. 
After several minutes, he glanced at the sun’s position. “Let’s go swimming,” he called out. She patted Maggie goodbye and came back to him. “Amos and Bryce will be back soon, and I want as much time with you as I can get,” he said mischievously clearing the stirrup for her. 
She smiled and climbed up to sit in front of him.
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
They trotted back towards the barn to leave the horse, and Kaitlyn leaned against him as she thought about the house they were going to build. He admitted it was going to take time, but she didn’t care. He didn’t tell her how he was going to do it, he asked her what she wanted and added his own ideas to hers. 
He listened when she talked about the garden she wanted, and he even said he’d build her a fence around it. She already planned it to be a white-picket fence. She’d seen them before they headed west and thought they were the prettiest fences. 
Kato stopped and sniffed the air behind the barn. She looked back at him. 
“What is it?” she asked. He had the same look on his face as he had in the forest that day. 
“They’re back,” he answered. 
“The transits?” she asked looking around. “So soon?”
“They’re out front,” he stated. “All of them.”
“We should wait for Amos and Bryce,” she said grabbing the arm holding the reigns.
“I won’t sit and wait,” he said shaking his head. “There’s no tellin’ how long it’ll be before they get back.”
She wasn’t surprised. Kato had a mind to charge into problems first and think later. 
“Listen, if I can smell them, they know we’re here,” he said and then dismounted. 
“Kato, what are ye doin’?” she asked grabbing a handful of his shirt. “Ye can’t go alone!” she whispered hotly. 
“I’ll be fine,” he said taking her hand. “I’ll lead you out, but stay a distance away. I’m going to try and talk with them.”
“And what if they decide yer an easy target,” she asked clenching her teeth.
“Ride fast for town,” he said looking towards the side of the building. 
She rolled her eyes. “Ye know I can’t ride fast without fallin’ off the horse,” she said. “They’ll catch me fer sure. And I won’t leave you.”
“Then fight like the hell-cat I know you are,” he said with a smile that told her how much he loved her. “Besides, you can always shoot them,” he said patting the gun in her dress pocket. He pulled her down and kissed her. “Just don’t shoot me by mistake.”
Kaitlyn wanted to smack him, but instead squeezed his hand as he held hers a moment.
He led the horse by the bridle as they rounded the barn. Kaitlyn gasped the moment she saw them. These were the transits? They were even more terrifying in person. 
Five indian warriors stood in a line, arms crossed as they waited for them. They looked closely at her and Kato, and she wanted to call him back as he left her and the horse behind. He left her directly on the trail towards town. 
She didn’t plan on riding away as he said to. She would trample them with the horse first, and then try to shoot them and not Kato.
Her belly tumbled anxiously as she watched him walk towards them confidently. These men looked wild and frightening. They were bare as the day they’d been born except for the loin-cloths covering their manhood.
The center warrior stepped forward and immediately, Kaitlyn instinctively placed a hand near the pocket of her dress. One of the warriors to the left noticed and eyed her hand before looking into her eyes. She glared at the man as hard as she could, and the fear slowly abated into what, she didn’t know. She just wasn’t afraid anymore, and she’d do whatever she could to protect her husband. 
Her breaths steadied and heart slowed. The warrior raised an eyebrow before returning his attention to his leader. 
“Do you speak English?” Kato asked. 
The leader nodded, stopping a few feet from him. “We,” the indian said motioning between him and Kato, “are the same.”
“Yes,” Kato agreed, though somewhat hesitant. 
The man motioned towards her. “She is your mate,” he said. 
He was a bit taller than Kato, but not near as defined. He looked like a normal man in fact. His hair hung to his shoulder blades, his face square with a strong jaw. Their skin was very dark, especially compared to her own fair complexion.
“Yes,” Kato answered much more firmly. 
Kaitlyn hoped they could see the pride in her eyes as they studied her. She would be confident and keep herself together. Unfortunately, they could still probably sense her trepidation. 
“We are Arapaho,” he explained, his dark eyes seeming to become soft towards them. He didn’t miss Kato’s tone. “We are making a village two days from here. There are those of us who wish to build an Arapaho town by the village, like white man’s town.”
“Why do you wish to settle in these parts?” Kato asked, his tone neutral. 
“This is good land. We have no wish to wander any longer. Our people are tired and want peace with the white man,” he answered. “We hope an Arapaho town will help make a bridge between our people.”
Suddenly, they heard a “he-yah” in the distance. Everyone looked to see Amos standing in the wagon as he and Bryce approached fast. Dust surrounded the area as they brought the wagon to a quick stop, and Kato’s two brothers walked purposefully towards him and the indian warrior. The four warriors behind him stepped forward, but the leader held up a hand to stop them. 
“It’s all right,” Kato said, and Amos and Bryce seemed to calm down some. “They’re here peacefully.”
The warrior addressed Amos. “You are alpha of your pack,” he stated. Amos nodded. “You have brave man,” he said complimenting Kato. 
Kaitlyn stayed where she was, unsure of what she should do. She certainly didn’t want to distract anyone, and she was too chicken to move closer.
“I am called Still Waters,” he said. 
“My name is Amos, and these are my brothers, Bryce and Kato,” he said introducing them. “That’s Kaitlyn. She’s my brother’s mate.” 
Kato glanced back at her and gave her a quick wink before returning his attention to Amos. 
“Still Waters’ people are settling about two days ride from here,” Kato explained. “They want peace between them the white folks around here.”
“Yes,” the warrior confirmed. “We did not mean to threaten you in the forest. We were curious about the transit man we could smell. You are very protective of your territory and mate,” he said turning to Kato. 
“It’s been a long time since we’ve come across others like ourselves,” he replied. “Besides, can you blame me?” he asked extending his arm towards her. 
Kaitlyn immediately felt her cheeks turn red in embarrassment. Didn’t he remember from town that she disliked this kind of attention?
The warrior smiled kindly and nodded in agreement. Suddenly, the one warrior that saw her reach for the revolver said something in their language. The five men laughed. 
“What did he say?” Kato asked smiling. 
“He says your mate is just as protective of you. She is like a young, red fox ready to fight large wolf,” the leader translated. 
Kato’s head fell back as he laughed before he looked back to her. “She’s a fierce, little thing. That’s for sure.”
Kaitlyn huffed a little bit. It seemed men were the same in every culture. 
Chapter 20

Kato decided to help Kaitlyn down from the horse as his brothers sat down in the yard with their guests in a circle. 
“Do ye – “ Kato put a finger to her lips, cutting her off. She narrowed her eyes. He leaned in closely to her and whispered as quietly as he could. 
“They can hear us,” he said. He led the horse into the barn, motioning her to follow him. “You can talk in here, but quietly,” he said softly.
“Do ye think they really want peace?” she asked. 
He removed the saddle and tossed it over the wood rail. “I can’t sense any deceit,” he answered. 
She furrowed her brows. “Ye can smell lies?” She was obviously somewhat astonished, and maybe a bit concerned. 
He smiled. “We can detect them,” he said. “The heart rate changes, and sometimes the eyes as well. Most people sweat when they’re lying, and it’s pretty easy to smell.”
“Do ye think they’re good liars then?” she asked glancing over her shoulder. 
“I don’t think so. I think they really want peace, but I’m not sure how much peace they’re going to get.” They both looked out at the group. “I don’t think Amos will have a problem with it, but the townsfolk–” he said, not finishing his thought. 
“They’re a crude people,” Kaitlyn commented. 
Kato raised his eyebrows at her unkind comment. That wasn’t like her. 
“The townsfolk,” she clarified. He smirked and nodded in understanding.
“Either way, we don’t know them very well. We’ll stay to our land, and they’ll probably stay to theirs. With them being two days ride away, I doubt we’ll see much of them,” Kato said as he thought out loud. 
“But ye don’t trust them,” she whispered, stating instead of asking. 
“I don’t—“
“Trust anyone,” she said, finishing his usual statement for him. 
He nodded as he smiled, but there had been hesitancy in his expression. 
They both exited the barn and joined the circle. Kato helped her to sit down next to him and put his arm around her. They might have noticed how he was protective of his mate, let’s see if they can tell how possessive he was. Mostly though, they went unnoticed. 
It was after noon, but there was plenty of daylight left. 
“I’m afraid we’re not very popular in Rest Stop, Still Waters,” Amos said regretfully. “We’ve stayed to ourselves quite a bit, and the people just don’t know us very well.”
“They don’t accept outsiders very well either,” Bryce stated. “I doubt you’ll have a very warm welcome if you reach out to them.”
Still Waters glanced around at his men and sighed. “Perhaps it would be good to give it time,” he said quietly. “We do not wish for any confrontation.”
“The sheriff is a fair man,” Amos stated, “and some of the families that we’re acquainted with.”
Kato realized he’d never shared the sheriff’s warning with his brothers. He’d gotten distracted and completely forgot. He’d need to tell them.
“The rest of the folks aren’t,” his brother finished. “The town is growing, and it’s a lot of men and women lookin’ to make a new start. They’ll be pretty territorial of their land, and protective of their kinfolk.”
“I thank you for your wisdom,” Still Waters said as he stood up with his men. “I must get back to my village and share what I have learned.”
Kato helped Kaitlyn stand, and his brothers stood as well. 
“My people wish for peace with you and your pack,” he said motioning to Amos’ family. 
“You have it,” he replied. “Our land extends pretty far, and you are welcome to hunt on your way home. You’re also welcome to come and visit whenever you need anything.” 
He held out his hand, and Still Waters shook it with a genuine smile. 
They disappeared into the trees and just as they turned towards the wagon, howls came from the forest. 
“What does that mean?” Kaitlyn asked. 
“I think it’s their way of saying ‘thank you’,” Amos answered with a smile. 
Kato was glad Amos wasn’t perturbed or feeling uneasy about them. They had been straight with them so far and seemed to really want peace.
“We’ve got some stuff to unload in the wagon, Kato,” he said before he and Bryce walked away. 
“I’ll start supper,” she said with a quick kiss. 
Kato pulled her back. “Maybe we can go swimming tomorrow,” he whispered with a glint in his eyes. 
“Get on with ye,” she said laughing. 
Kato joined his brothers. “Did you get her presents?” he asked. 
“Yes,” Amos answered. 
“And you made sure to invite the Barnes’ and Preacher Lewis and his wife?” he asked. 
“Yes,” Bryce answered glancing at Amos who only smirked and shook his head. He hauled a sack of grain over his shoulder and into the barn.
“Is there anything else?” Kato thought to himself. 
“How about the message from the sheriff?” Amos asked, propping an arm on the side of the wagon. 
“Oh yeah,” Kato said with raised eyebrows. “Did you run into him while you were in town?”
“Just so happens we did,” Amos replied with a sarcastic smile. 
“Did he have any news about Jake Harris?” Kato asked curiously. 
“Not much. He’s caused a bit of trouble after a few rounds in the saloon, but that’s it,” Bryce answered. He carried another sack into the barn. 
“Sheriff thinks we need to spend a little more time in town,” Amos stated. 
Kato nodded. “That’s what he said to me.”
“It makes sense,” Bryce commented. “We’ve really secluded ourselves out here. Maybe the townsfolk should know more about us than Kato winning all of his fights.” He grabbed a small crate of nails and went into the barn. 
“Yeah,” Amos said, “but I don’t want them to know too much.” 
“Maybe we should just eat in the café when we pick up supplies and attend some of the socials on holidays and such,” Kato suggested. “Kaitlyn would enjoy that.”
“Easy for you to say,” Bryce commented. “You have a mate to dance with.” He grabbed a couple of boards from the pile in the wagon and hauled them inside.
“Maybe you and Amos will find your mates,” Kato called out to him. 
“After Kaitlyn’s reaction, I’m not sure I want a mate,” Amos said with a worried expression. 
“She’s fine now,” Kato retorted. 
“She didn’t have anywhere to run to,” Bryce said as he grabbed more boards.
“She still tried, though,” Amos reminded them.
“What’s all this wood for?” Kato asked distractedly. 
“Your new house,” Bryce called back. 
“If you want it built before winter, we’ll need to start here soon,” Amos stated. 
“I told her about it today,” Kato said. “She’ll be thrilled.”
“So will Amos,” Bryce chuckled. “He wants his room back.” He grabbed another load of boards.
“I didn’t say that!” Amos exclaimed to Bryce’s back. The man laughed.
“You’ve been real generous,” Kato said seriously. “I appreciate it, Amos.” His brother sighed, and Kato knew he had trouble with feelings and such. He wondered how that would work when he found his mate.
“You’re welcome,” he said clearing his throat and running a hand through his hair. 
“You’re lucky, Kato.” Bryce added. “A mate’s a special thing.”
“You two remind me of Ma and Pa, back in the day,” Amos confessed. 
Kato swallowed the lump forming in his throat as he nodded and looked at the ground. They stood there in awkward silence for a moment.
“I think Kaitlyn’s turned us into a bunch of emotional idiots,” Bryce stated. “Now will someone help me unload this wagon?”
<<<<<<< >>>>>>>
Kaitlyn didn’t know what was going on with the three men she lived with. When she asked Bryce if she could get a new book from his room at supper one evening, the three of them froze. Bryce had stuttered when he told her she could get one the next morning. She hadn’t thought much of it until she’d heard shuffling above her that night.
Another time she had gone out to the barn in the early morning to see Maggie. They were going to leave her out with the cows soon, and she wanted to spend a last few mornings with her. She knew she had to start emotionally distancing herself from the animal. When she had gone to the barn, Amos had met her at the entrance and talked with her about the silliest things while Kato brought the little heifer out. 
She caught them whispering here and there, having a conversation through expressions at the supper table, and she was getting quite frustrated. Nothing made a person feel more awkward or unwanted than constantly being ostracized. 
Kato must have noticed her cool attitude towards him one night. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked late one night in their bedroom. “You hardly spoke a word at supper.”
“Nothin’,” she answered without looking at him. 
“You’re acting very distant towards me. Have I done something upset you?” He lay in bed, covers up to his waist, his chest bare.
“Nay,” she replied. “’Tis just been a long day.” She climbed into bed, pulled the cover up to her shoulders, and lay down with her back facing him. 
“I can sense your anger, Kaitlyn,” he said after a moment. 
She huffed. How irritating it was to be married to a transit. 
“As a matter of fact, we could sense it for the last couple of days.” She didn’t answer. “Is it because we’re keeping secrets from you?” he finally asked. 
She shot up and faced him, her eyes glinting with anger. “So, ye admit it?” she asked accusingly. 
He looked up at the ceiling and sighed, smiling. She wanted to slap him. Instead, she lay back down, her head flopping on the pillow in anger. 
He chuckled as he rolled over to her and wrapped an arm around her. She stiffened. He kissed her head. She didn’t respond. He kissed her neck. She pulled the blanket higher. He kissed her cheek. She let out a fake snore. He laughed out loud then.
“I love how stubborn you are.”
She harrumphed, refusing to give in to his wonderful laugh.
He forcefully rolled her over until she looked at him with furrowed brows. “Do you want me to explain?” 
“Aye, Kato Hunter, ye brute.” She sat up and looked at him while he rested on his side, head lying in his hand. “Explain to me why ye and yer brothers have been whisperin’ behind me back? Or explain what yer hidin’ from me? Is it to do with the Arapaho warriors?”
Kaitlyn felt a very tiny twinge of guilt. Granted, some things were just left up to the men. The women should stay near the house and let the menfolk take care of business. They should cook and mend their clothes while the men provide and protect. Well, she hated sitting still, especially when there was trouble. She wanted to be involved and help in any way she could. 
It was narrow-minded thinking in her opinion, for women could contribute much more outside of sitting in a parlor and looking pretty. God put Eve in the garden right next to Adam, and she worked alongside of him. Granted, she bit the fruit, but who didn’t make a mistake now and then?
 “Fine, I’ll tell you, but only because I want you to be in a good and happy mood tomorrow,” he said sternly. She narrowed her eyes at his tone. “What’s tomorrow?”
Her expression turned from anger to confusion. Tomorrow? It was Tuesday. She usually did some washing and mending, but nothing spec—
She looked at Kato now with wide eyes and she slowly covered her mouth with her hand. He smiled knowingly. 
“Ye mean – ye mean me birthday?” she whispered laying her hand on her chest. 
“Yes, Kaitlyn Hunter, your eighteenth birthday.” He wasn’t cross with her for being suspicious and angry. He just smiled at her adoringly. 
“Ye remembered?” she asked as tears filled her eyes.
“Yes, my stubborn, little mate,” he said taking her hand and kissing it tenderly. “I remembered.”
She couldn’t stop the wretched tears spilling over and wiped them away quickly. “I haven’t had a real birthday since me mother died,” she said with a light laugh. “Me father didn’t care for such things.”
“Well, tomorrow is going to be one of the best birthdays you’ve ever had,” he said convincingly. 
Kaitlyn leaped forward and wrapped her arms around Kato’s neck, pushing him back. He hugged her tightly and let her rest on top of him comfortably. 
“Am I still a brute?” he asked rubbing her arms. 
She laughed, “Yes, ye are still a brute.” Leaning down, she kissed him fervently. “I love ye, Kato Hunter. I’m glad ye rescued me that night in the barn.”
“I love you, too, Kaitlyn Hunter.”
She squealed as he suddenly rolled on top of her. 
Chapter 21

 Kato knew his mate had hardly slept at all that night. Partly because of him, he had to admit, but also because she was excited for her birthday. It warmed his heart to know that he could make her so happy by just remembering her birthday. 
He recalled their first few weeks together. They had been rough, stressful, and downright awkward most of the time, but it was worth it for his mate. He wouldn’t have done anything differently. Well, maybe how’d they met.
“What dress do you want me to wear today?” she asked standing at the wardrobe in her under layers. 
“I love the green dress,” he answered putting on his boots. 
She smiled and pulled it off the peg. “What are we doin’ today?” she asked casually. 
He smiled, knowing she was trying to get a hint out of him. 
“I told you, already,” he said. She wrinkled her nose at him. “After breakfast, I have to do some chores. I’ll come back and get you when I’m done. Then you’ll find out what we’re doing today.”
She sighed. “Fine.” He kissed her and left. 
He could have told her more, but he could be stubborn too. He went out to the barn where he found Amos and Bryce.
“We start building your house tomorrow,” Amos said irritably. 
Kato couldn’t stop the heat from reaching his face. Transit hearing could be a problem sometimes. Usually he and Kaitlyn were careful, but last night—oops. 
“Does she have any idea what we’re doing?” Bryce asked. 
Kato shook his head. “She just knows I’m going to take her out for the day. I figured we could give her the gifts before I take her on the picnic.” His brothers nodded. “Once we head out, you can set up the table and stuff by the creek. I’ll bring her back after a few hours.”
“Our guests should be here by then,” Amos said. 
“Maybe we should have invited a few more,” Bryce stated. “Let the townsfolk get to know us.”
“I’d rather it be as comfortable as possible for Kaitlyn,” Kato commented. “I want her to enjoy the day.”
“Nothing we can do now,” Amos said as Bryce nodded in understanding. 
They did the morning chores as usual, except Kato could hardly concentrate and was too excited for the events to unfold. He wanted everything to be perfect for her, and when midday finally came around, his stomach was in knots. He was actually nervous!
He and his brothers went inside just as she finished putting food on the table. 
“You can pack that all up in a basket,” he said as he wrapped his arms around her from behind. He could sense her nerves were just as jittery as his. 
“What?”
“We’re going on a picnic,” he answered in a cheerful tone. 
“What about yer brothers?” she said turning to look at him. 
“Eh, you can leave them some crumbs I guess,” he replied smiling at the other two. 
Amos narrowed his eyes while Bryce expressed a sarcastic ‘thanks’. They didn’t like missing out on Kaitlyn’s cooking.
“There’s plenty for everyone,” she said putting two plates on the table. Kato helped her pack up the rest of their food. 
“We’re all ready to go,” he said, “but first, I think there are some presents for you.” He leaned his hands on the counter, trapping her between his arms. His eyes were level with hers, and he loved watching the surprised, thankful, lovely expressions cross her face. “We each have one for you.”
“I hope ye didn’t make too much of this,” she said, her cheeks turning an embarrassed red. 
She certainly didn’t like to be the center of attention. Kato smiled. “Nothing is every too much for my mate,” he whispered leaning his forehead against hers. 
Bryce cleared his throat. 
“Let’s start with Bryce’s gift on the front porch,” Amos suggested. 
They all went into the living area and Amos opened the front door. Kato led her out while her eyes were closed and Bryce followed behind and stood to the side with Amos.
“Open them,” Kato urged. At first she didn’t see them, but smiled wide and excited when she realized the two wooden rocking chairs on the front porch. 
“They’re lovely,” she said sitting in one. Kato sat in the other. 
“These are from Bryce,” he announced. “I was going to build some, but he’s much better at working with wood than I am.”
“Thank ye, Bryce. They’re lovely,” Kaitlyn said as she ran her hands over the smooth arms of her chair.
“You’re welcome,” he said with a  smile.
“Stay here while I go get mine,” Amos said walking off the porch.
His brother would never admit it, but Amos was a softy. He was enjoying her birthday almost as much as she did. Maybe it was because he was the alpha and enjoyed caring for his pack. Kato didn’t know, but it amused him. He’d never tease him about it, though. 
Finally, Amos emerged from the barn with roped calf in tow. It tugged a little bit, disliking the pull of it.
“Maggie!” Kaitlyn shouted as she bolted from her chair and run to the calf. She wrapped her arms around the creature’s neck and talked to it like it was one of her dearest friends.
“Maggie is now completely yours, Kaitlyn,” Amos said handing her the rope. “She won’t be traded, sold, or end up on the supper table.”
“Thank ye, Amos,” she said as she hugged Maggie again. 
Kato glanced over at Bryce who had a strange expression. “You all right?” he asked. 
His brother looked startled at him a moment before nodding. “Yeah, fine,” he answered. 
He nodded, but sensed a sadness coming from him. He didn’t want to pry, so he left it alone. 
“One more present,” Amos said. “Let me take Maggie to her mama, and then Kato can finally give you his present.”
Kaitlyn turned and hugged Kato until his oldest brother returned, and then they went back inside the house, up the stairs. They took her to the small room that she had discovered empty her first day there. The door was still closed, but she couldn’t even guess what was inside.
Kato opened the door and let her see. She stood there a moment, her eyes wide and mouth that cute ‘oh’ shape. She slowly walked forward and ran her hands over the smooth surface of the sewing machine table. 
“Do you like it?” he asked. 
She then ran her hands over the few different bolts of new cloth stacked vertically on a shelf. “’Tis wonderful,” she said with tears in her eyes. “More than I ever could have hoped for.” She looked at each one of them, trying to hold back tears. 
“Ye’ve all been so kind,” she said, wiping a stray tear. She moved forward and hugged each one of them before turning back and sitting at the sewing table. 
Kato was glad they could set up this room for her until they got their own house built. It was empty and useless. He wasn’t sure why they had it in the first place, but it was perfect for Kaitlyn. She started examining the machine, and he realized she might need Mrs. Lewis to show her how it worked. 
Amos suddenly elbowed him to get his attention, and motioned him to leave with his head. The picnic! He had to get her out of here before their guests started arriving. Showing her the gifts had already taken a bit longer than planned. He still had to get her out of the sight from the trail.
“Hey, how about that picnic,” he said quickly. 
She glanced at him before returning her attention back to the machine. “Just a few more moments,” she murmured, completely enthralled. 
Yep, she hadn’t used one before. What a time for her to be stubborn. Okay, he admitted that wasn’t exactly fair. Who doesn’t like to spend time playing their presents?
“I’m starved,” he said going over to her chair. 
“I think ye’d survive a bit longer,” she teased. “Kato!” she squealed when he stood her up and bent low, carrying her over his shoulder.
“I’m really hungry,” he said as he went down the stairs, quickly but confidently. “Besides, maybe I want to be alone with my mate.”
She laughed. He set her down outside and pulled her into the barn where luckily, two horses were saddled. Boy, he was glad he did that before going inside from the chores. He lifted her onto her horse and then mounted his own. Bryce and Amos met them outside and handed him the basket. 
“We’ll see you gents later,” Kato said with a wink. Turning, he led her horse away with him. 
Chapter 22

Kaitlyn sighed in contentment as they headed back for the house. The sun was getting low, but it wasn’t dusk quite yet. Perhaps Kato wanted her to watch it from her new rocking chair. 
“Have you had a good day?” he asked looking over at her. 
“Aye,” she said smiling. She had been smiling all day. 
She looked back over at Kato. Lord have mercy, she loved this man. He provided for her, he protected her, and he cherished her. It was a love she had dreamed of as a girl, and never thought she’d find as a woman. Yet, here he was.
“Perhaps we could go for a swim,” she suggested. It was a warm day, and the sun was shining brightly.
“I like that idea,” he responded. 
The picnic had been peaceful as they ate and simply talked about the house he said they had needed to start building soon. When he told her of Amos’ comment that morning, she only groaned, embarrassed. Kato admitted to having been embarrassed as well, which was a rare thing. She almost didn’t want to face his big brother now, but he had probably already forgotten. 
They could see the house now in the distance, and something down by the creek. 
“What is that?” she asked, standing in her stirrups and leaning slightly forward. 
“Oh,” Kato said, “looks like we have company.” 
Kaitlyn sat down and looked over at him. “Ye didn’t,” she said. 
Kato smiled on the orneriest smiled she’d ever seen. “We did.”
“Nay,” she groaned. “I wish I’d fall off the horse and break me neck.”
Kato laughed. “It’s only Mr. and Mrs. Barnes, and Preacher Lewis with his wife,” he comforted. He looked again, then frowned. 
“What is it?” she asked knowing he could see much better than her.
“At least it was supposed to be,” he mumbled. 
As they got closer, Amos and Bryce both left their guests and met Kato and Kaitlyn at the barn entrance.
“Who else is here?” Kato asked dismounting. 
“Preacher Lewis invited the family that built their house and barn between our ranch and the town,” Amos answered while Bryce helped Kaitlyn down. She came and stood next to Kato. “He said it would be good for us to get to know our neighbors,” he added with a roll of his eyes. 
“They’re new to town, so maybe they haven’t heard any of the gossip about us,” Kato commented.
“What gossip?” Bryce asked.
“I’m not sure, but Lewis made it clear people were talking in town,” he replied. 
“I wonder if the good man invited anyone else,” Amos said rather caustically. 
“There’ll be others,” Bryce said nonchalant. He took the horses to a grassy spot and let them graze. 
“Let me introduce you to our new guests,” Amos said plastering a pleasant smile on his face. 
“I wonder how they feel about Irish folk,” she mumbled as the butterflies in her belly took flight.
“Don’t worry,” Kato said. “Give people a chance. They look nice.”
“That’s strange coming from ye,” she said. “The man who trusts no one.”
Kato shrugged. “Preacher Lewis taught me a lesson last time he visited. I’m trying to heed to it.”
Before Kaitlyn could ask any questions, the group saw them.
“There they are!” Mrs. Lewis exclaimed. 
God bless her, she was a happy woman. Kaitlyn’s cheeks were already red. She could feel it. She squeezed Kato’s hand tightly before the preacher’s wife gave her a warm hug.
“Kato, Kaitlyn,” she said turning to a couple that were older than her and Kato, but not by much. “This is Mr. and Mrs. Denton. This is Kato and Kaitlyn Hunter.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Kato said as he shook their hands. 
Kaitlyn smiled, but she and the woman both stayed silent through the exchanged greetings. The wife was shy, and Kaitlyn could see that. She desperately wanted her to feel welcome, knowing she could possibly have a friend living right just down the road. Dashing her fears of their dislike for her heritage, she spoke. 
“’Tis very nice to meet you,” she said, though quietly. 
“Thank you. It’s very kind of you to have us. I hope you’ve had a lovely birthday,” she responded. She had dark hair pulled back in a bun at the nape of her neck, her bonnet protecting her face from the sun.
Kaitlyn realized she didn’t wear her bonnet, and her hair was probably going every direction wildly with the breeze. Nevertheless, relief spread through her. She’d been through plenty of cold and unfeeling regards to know them, and this woman was genuinely kind.
“Aye, ‘tis been a wonderful day so far.”
They got some punch and began conversing with one another when two riders approached horseback a bit later. 
“What are they doing here?” Kato asked somewhat hotly. 
Mrs. Denton leaned towards Kaitlyn. “Who are they?” she whispered. 
“Me father and brother,” she answered grimly. She went and stood next to Kato.
“I invited them,” Bryce stated. 
“Why?” Amos asked. “When?”
“Last week when we were in town,” Bryce answered. “They came across me and asked after Kaitlyn. Like it or not, it’s her father and brother. They had a right to be invited.” He turned to Kaitlyn. “I’m sorry if I overstepped, Kaitlyn. They genuinely did seem like they wondered how you fared. I think they care in their own way,” he said more softly. 
“’Tis all right Bryce. I’m glad ye were thinkin’ of me,” she responded. 
“I’ll send them away if that’s what you want,” Kato said as she watched them continue to approach. 
“Nay, I’d like me father and brother to share me birthday,” she answered, though not very confident. 
Kato put his arm around her waist and kissed her forehead. 
“Mr. MacGuire! Brennan!” Preacher Lewis exclaimed when they were close enough. “So glad you could make it!”
They stopped their horses and looked at everyone as if deciding or not they were really welcome.
“’Tis good to see ye, father,” Kaitlyn greeted, “Brennan. Ye have horses now,” she stated. “Ye must be doin’ well with the land.”
“Aye, got a good crop right now,” he answered. “‘Tis good to see ye, Kaitlyn,” he said more thoughtfully.
“We were just about to cut cake,” Mrs. Lewis announced after a short awkward silence. 
Everyone but Kato and Kaitlyn returned to conversing, drinking punch, and cutting the cake. Her father and brother dismounted, keeping ahold of their reigns. They both looked so unsure, Kaitlyn was quite surprised. Her father stepped forward and shook Kato’s hand. Her brother did the same. It had been a bit awkward at first, but her father and brother were displaying manners she hadn’t seen before. They weren’t as gruff as they used to be. 
The sun was getting quite low after a while, and lanterns were lit giving a glow to the area. Turned out Mr. Denton was able to play a fiddle and brought it along at Preacher Lewis’ request. Kaitlyn sat and enjoyed the music immensely, and shared a dance with Kato. The preacher and his wife also danced, and it relieved Kaitlyn. Not everyone would be staring at them. 
As time wore on, everyone was a bit more relaxed, and Mr. Denton began playing a lively tune. Between Mrs. Lewis and even Mrs. Denton, they got everyone to stand in a circle around the fiddler as he played and stepped to the music. Though her father preferred to watch, she was able to drag Brennan into the dance and hear him laugh.
It was a wonderful time, and Kaitlyn couldn’t remember the last time she had been so care-free surrounded by friends and family. It had been years at the very least. 
Soon after, Mr. and Mrs. Denton left for home. Preacher Lewis and his wife took a lantern and strolled down the creek area while Kato helped his brothers clean up.
Kaitlyn sat quietly with her father when her brother helped Bryce carry the table back to the house. Amos and Kato grabbed chairs, but her husband looked at her before walking to the house. She gave him an encouraging nod, and he smiled gently before following Amos. 
“We’ve missed ye at the house,” her father said. Kaitlyn wasn’t sure what to say and remained quiet. “I know I was hard on ye, and I allowed yer brother to bully ye too much,” he continued. “Ye were good to us.”
“I’m glad ye and Brennan are doing so well,” she replied. “Yer dream is comin’ true, to own and work the land. Is Brennan doin’ well?”
Her father hesitated. “He’s fightin’ a bit at the barn,” he replied. 
Kaitlyn’s stomach fell, hoping he would soon quit. Men got hurt badly in those fights.
“He’s a good fighter, and it helps us by. Now that we’ve got a good crop, he hasn’t fought as much. He’s a hard worker. Becoming a good man,” her father added.
“Aye, he’s grown up so fast,” she said with a small sigh.
“Do they treat ye well, Kaitlyn?” he suddenly asked, looking at her closely. 
She smiled in reassurance. “Aye, they treat me very kindly.”
He nodded, but said nothing else when the men returned. 
“Happy birthday, wife,” Kato said. He kissed her on the lips. 
“Thank ye for invitin’ us,” her father said shaking Bryce’s hand. 
“Good to see you again, Mr. MacGuire,” Kato said offering his hand. 
Her father looked at it, and then shook it firmly. “Thank ye for takin’ good care of me daughter.”
“It’s an honor,” he answered. 
Her father and brother mounted up, disappearing into the darkness as they headed for the trail. Preacher Lewis and his wife reappeared from their stroll, and took their leave as well. 
“See?” the older man said. “It’s not hard to make a few friends,” he said as he got up into his wagon seat.
“We’ll give it some effort, Preacher,” Amos stated. 
“Good man.” He clicked his tongue and sent the horses and wagon forward. 
Amos and Bryce went back to the house leaving a lantern for her and Kato. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Denton are good folk,” she said. “I’m glad they came.”
“And your father and brother?” Kato asked hugging her. 
“I’m glad they came too,” she answered thoughtfully as she wrapped her arms around him and let her head rest against his chest. “It’s been a wonderful day, Kato. Thank ye.” She kissed him gently on the lips. 
“You’re welcome, Kaitlyn.” He kissed her back. “Still want to go for that swim?” he asked suggestively. 
Kaitlyn let her head fall back as if she thought about it. Then she stepped away from him and grabbed the front of his shirt. 
“Maybe tomorrow,” she answered tugging him with her. She knew he understood her meaning when his eyes became heated. She let go and ran into the darkness towards the house laughing. 
He grabbed the lantern and chased after her.
Chapter 23

Kato smiled as Kaitlyn rushed up the stairs after supper to use her machine. She had started fiddling with it the day after her birthday and had it figured out pretty quickly, starting on a new dress. 
He and his brothers sat in the living area, Bryce reading, Amos whittling, and he honestly didn’t know what to do without his mate there. He heard a chuckle and looked to see his brothers looking at him, quite amusedly. 
“What?” he asked. 
“Regret the sewing machine yet?” Amos questioned. 
“Of course not,” he answered, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees. He sighed. “Maybe a little.” They chuckled again.
Suddenly, there was a knock on their front door. They instantly reverted to their wolf senses, but didn’t find any threat. Amos answered the door where the sheriff stood. Kato realized he didn’t even know the man’s name. He was just ‘the sheriff’. 
“Sheriff,” Amos greeted. Bryce and Kato stood right behind him. 
“Sorry to bother you at this late hour,” he said.
“Come in,” his brother said as the three of them stepped aside. Kaitlyn came and stood at the bottom of the stairs. 
“Ma’am,” the sheriff greeted removing his hat. 
“Sheriff,” she replied. 
“What’s this about?” Amos stayed standing while Bryce took a seat and Kato went to stand next to Kaitlyn.
“I’ve been getting some reports that there have been some Arapaho in the area,” he explained. “I just wanted to come and see if you’ve had any problems or trouble.”
“Not at all,” Amos answered. “In fact, we talked with them.”
The sheriff looked at him a moment. “You did?” he asked not hiding his surprise. 
“Yes,” Bryce interjected. “They explained they wanted to live in the area and wanted no trouble. They came to us to make peace.”
“Interesting,” he said more to himself than them. 
Kato could sense Kaitlyn’s unease, and he even became a little uneasy himself. Him and his brothers all glanced at each other. 
“Have there been any problems?” Amos finally asked. 
“I wouldn’t say that,” the sheriff answered. 
“What would you say?” Kato asked directly. 
The sheriff seemed like a decent man, but he was slow to share his thoughts and what he knew. It was frustrating standing there, wondering. Then again, maybe the man just didn’t want to show what cards he held, yet.
The sheriff turned around and looked at him. “I’d say whether they mean to directly or not, them settlin’ in these parts is going to cause trouble. Half the men in town are already talkin’ of a posse and raids.”
“The Arapaho only want peace,” Bryce stated. 
“I’d like to think so, but the people in town—“
“The people in town need to stop being so narrowed-minded about anyone whose different from them,” Kato said folding his arms. Kaitlyn wrapped her hands around one of them and squeezed. Maybe he shouldn’t have interrupted the man.
“Kato,” Amos warned sharply. Okay, definitely shouldn’t have interrupted him. 
“I understand,” the sheriff said and nodded. “I just wanted to come out and make sure everything was okay.”
“We appreciate that,” Amos said thanking him. 
The sheriff turned to Kato. “I understand where you’re coming from, son. People can be hard out here. Sometimes, it just takes someone to stand up and make a difference.” He turned to Bryce and Amos, giving them respectful nods. “Good night.”
Kato chewed the inside of his cheek. There was no way he could miss that remark. As soon as the man was out the door, Amos turned on him.
“Is this why you get into fights?” he asked. 
“Kaitlyn’s rubbed off on me,” he said defensively. She inhaled sharply and smacked him. Hard. 
“The sheriff is an understanding man,” Bryce said. 
“Which is good for us, and maybe the Arapaho,” Amos commented. “We might be the only friends they’ll have by the sound of it.”
“Unless a few good men get to know others in the town and make a difference,” Kaitlyn said jumping into the conversation. 
Kato smiled, knowing exactly where she was going with this. “And those few good men would be?”
“Ye and yer brothers,” she said sweetly as she smiled. “Good night.” She went into their bedroom without saying another word. 
“I hate that plan,” Amos said quietly. “We’ll figure it out later. I’m going to bed.”
Bryce nodded at Kato and went up to his room as well. He joined his mate.
“Would it be so bad?” she asked slipping the shoulder of her dress off.
Kato watched intently. “It’s hard to befriend people you don’t like,” he said and swallowed. 
“How do ye know if ye don’t like them when ye’ve hardly met them?” she asked slipping the other shoulder off.
“Transits are intuitive. We can easily discern someone’s character. Most of the men I’ve met are very unsavory.” He took off his hat and put it on the table beside the bed. 
“Most of the men ye’ve met were at the fights,” she commented. He went around the bed and stood in front of her. She looked up at him. “Perhaps ye should try other places,” she whispered. 
“Perhaps I should focus on my mate,” he replied helping the dress down her hips. He bent low and kissed her intently. 
She didn’t make any more suggestions. 
Chapter 24

It had been a few weeks, and Kato noticed that Kaitlyn’s scent had changed just the slightest. He didn’t mention it to her, but if he could tell, his brothers could. Neither of them had the answers either. 
The scent persisted over time, and he realized it was a separate scent. He had his suspicions, but they weren’t confirmed until one day when all three of them found Kaitlyn emptying her stomach behind the house. He smiled over his shoulder at his brothers, and they grinned back. 
Kaitlyn was with child. 
They went back into the house while Kato held her hair and rubbed her back. Tears rolled down her cheeks when she was finished. 
“I don’t feel so well,” she stated with a weak smile. 
He got a cloth and put some cool water on it, rubbing her face for a few minutes until her temperature cooled. When it seemed the episode had passed, he lifted her in his arms and carried her to the bedroom. He smiled as he gently laid her in bed. 
“You’re not going to feel well for a while, I’m afraid,” he said grimly. These occurrences were going to happen more often.  
“Ye think I’m sick?” she asked fearfully. “Can ye sense a sickness inside of me?”
He chuckled. “No, not a sickness.” He picked up her hand and kissed it. “Did you miss your woman’s time?” he asked. 
Kaitlyn thought for a moment. “Aye, but I hadn’t realized it,” she said. Then she connected everything and looked at Kato as it dawned on her. “We’re going to have a baby?” she asked.
He smiled as he nodded. 
“How long have ye known, Kato Hunter? How could ye not tell me?” she asked angrily as she weakly swatted at him. 
“I had my suspicions, but this is new to me too,” he explained. “I didn’t want to be wrong, and I didn’t know for sure until I saw you just a while ago.”
She sighed as she closed her eyes and smiled softly. “I’m so happy. Are ye happy, Kato?”
He leaned over and gently kissed her. “The happiest transit in the world.”

The End
Connect with the Author 

Thank you for reading The Wild Wolf! Please do not forget to leave a review. If you enjoyed this book, please like my Facebook Author Page so you can stay updated with my current writing, and to check out more titles you might enjoy, including the other Hunter brothers!
