
The Enemy 
In My Drink

RACQ SYMPHONY

Written and Published by Racq Symphony
Distributed by Racq Symphony Publishing
© 2019 The Enemy in My Drink.
All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
No part of this eBook may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express permission in writing of the author.


Table of Contents
Scene 1
Scene 2
Scene 3
Scene 4
Scene 5
Scene 6
Scene 7
Scene 8
About Racq Symphony
Other books by Racq Symphony
Connect with Racq Symphony


“Drown him for me…”


Scene 1

…After that third drink, I knew what I was capable of. Then I heard him say to me again, “What the fuck are you waiting for, Mason?” 
Truthfully, I was waiting on the last little bit of whiskey to sink into my system and then it was on. My parents named me Mason. Mom said I was born with big, strong black hands, just like my father. I wouldn’t know what his hands look liked. I don’t remember much about him. Mom said he drank himself to death, said the drinking was hard labor on his liver. I see pictures of him holding me all the way up to age two, but I don’t have the memory of his embrace. 
The owner of Club Envi, Marcus Wright, and I had been friends since middle school, so his club was like my second home and he was as close to family as you could get. I sat at my usual booth, tucked in the back of the lounge, near a window that had sheer black curtains that swept the floor. The table cloths on each table were jade. I sat there with my rustic black duck bill cap on, the one my granddaddy gave me, in my midnight black button down, long sleeve shirt, black jeans and onyx colored boots, sipping on my third glass of the finest Tennessee Whiskey Jameson had to offer. I loved the way it taste. Mom said my father loved a good Whiskey too. Said Whiskey was his other woman, but he never loved it more than her. The subtle invisibility of its capability at first sip and strong bitterness at the end. This was a man’s man drink and I was man enough to have had three so far, living up to my father’s drunken legacy. 
I could hear the whistling of the wind from outside. The humming of the night rustled under my feet and mixed in well with each kick from the bass drummer and acoustic guitar player. House music, they call it. It felt like a calculated romance to me. My father was a musician too. Mom said he could sing the blues better than B.B. King and boy could he play that guitar. She had these old V.H.S. tapes of him singing and playing that I would watch when I felt like I needed to be reminded of the stock I was made of. She said that’s how he stole her heart. Guess I got it honestly. I took a pull from my hand-rolled Hiram & Solomon Traveling Man cigar, released the smoke from my mouth between sips. I glanced down at my watch, then to my black iPhone, waiting for her to send the text that she was ready for me to come over. My sweet, feisty Melody. 
Melody was the woman every man wished for and a whole lot of woman she was too. I met her one day while I was downtown, standing across the street from the Dexter Ave King Memorial Baptist Church a few years ago. I was just standing there, admiring the building, wondering how long it took them to build it, how many bricks it took to lay that foundation that still stands strong til’ this day. After graduating high school, I moved out of Montgomery to go to college. I majored in architecture at Cornell University, graduating at the top of my class, 4.125 GPA. At least I could use a part of me that came from my father to build my mom a house, something with my bare, strong black hands. Melody loved my hands. Always wanted them all over her body. She walked right past me, long flowing black locs with wine red tips falling from her scalp. The way her hips swayed in those black and hot pink hospital scrubs she was wearing caught my eye. I knew I had to have her.  
She was feisty BBW and her high cheek bones made my dick stand at attention every time she smiled my way. She had full lips and full hips. That day she had on scarlet red lipstick, the kind of red that resembled blood. It was bright, but dark at the same time. I walked up to the bus stop where she was standing and introduced myself. The side eye she gave me could’ve sliced my face from ear to ear. Mean ass. I told her that I wasn’t there to hurt her, but that I wanted to get to know her, that I like what I saw and wanted to take her out.
She said the only way I could take her out was to give her a ride to work so she didn’t’ have to ride that “stank ass bus” that morning, so I drove her. She worked at Jackson Hospital over off Pine Street as a Registered Nurse. On the drive over there, she said she’d been working there for 10 years. I mentioned that 10 years seemed to be a long time for somebody who looked 25. She smiled and said, “Hell no. I’m every bit of 37.” I couldn’t believe it, so she pulled her ID out of her purse and showed me her date of birth. I asked if she liked her job and she said, “Hell yeah. Why else would I spend all of those years and all of that damn money on something I wasn’t going to be doing for the rest of my life?” Melody didn’t sugar coat a damn thing and I loved that about her.
Riding down I-85 North, listening to 105.7 fade to the back, I tried to catch glimpses of her face and drive at the same time. I would’ve taken the city streets over to the hospital, but it was so much construction going on, streets blocked off, I-85 made more sense. Before I knew it, I was getting off on exit 2, heading down Forest Ave and pulling up to the hospital. She thanked me for the ride, smiled, got out of the car and walked swiftly into the building. At first, I was like, “Damn, she ain’t even give me a chance to get her number,” but then I looked down in the seat and she left it on a piece of paper in the passenger seat. I smiled cause I knew this was going to be a ride I’d never want to get off of.
“Damn, Melody. Hurry up and text me back.” I said to myself. 
I remembered how her titties sat up in her top that day. Every step she took, the more they bounced. She ain’t have much of an ass but that didn’t matter to me. In my eyes, she was the most beautiful woman I’d seen in a while.
“Text her again”, he said. 
So, I did as he suggested. I sat there waiting, looking at my phone, then back puffing on my cigar. The mood in the Lounge tonight was smooth. Made me feel like I was at home, relaxing in my den, waiting on the Alabama-Auburn game to come on. My phone vibrated on the table so I peeped down at it. It was Melody. She said, “Babe, you can’t come right now. I’m in the middle of something. I’ll call you later to explain.”
“Damn!” I said to myself. Tonight, of all nights, I wanted to hear sweet Melody moan my name like she sang that B-flat concert scale. So effortlessly. So, I sat still, focused on my drink, focused on my cigar, lost in what would’ve been a great ass night. I would’ve showed Melody how much she missed me, missed my sex, missed my breath on her neck and my hands around her waist. I wanted her to show me how much she needed me inside her peach, the sweetest part of her and how much she needed me to put my tongue in places that would make her back curl like a bent back paperclip. Melody was cool with my lifestyle as long as I came when she rang. I loved women. I could never love just one woman. Years ago, I realized what worked best for me, adopting a poly lifestyle. I replied back to her. 
“Melody, baby, can I come at a later time? I really want to see you tonight.”
She responded, “How late are we talking?”
“I’m at your disposable, Lady Mel. Just tell me how long I need to wait or what I need to do.”
I saw the three dots on my phone telling me that she was about to respond, so I took another sip from my glass and then another pull from my cigar, held the smoke in my mouth for a few seconds and then blew it out. 
“How about 2. Is that okay for you or is that too late?”
“Damn!” I said to myself again. Seemed like the only thing coming out of my mouth tonight would be another damn. I usually close the lounge down with her around that time. So, I guess I can wait here and go at 2 a.m. I texted her back, told her that I would be there at 2 a.m. and that she’d better have a good ass excuse why my dick had to wait so late for her good ass pussy. Shit, what was I talking about? Everything about Melody was good enough to make me wait an eternity for her. I sat up straight in the booth, dumped some ashes from my cigar into the tray and blew the smoke towards then end of it, where the end was red with fire. I looked at the cigar, placed it in the tray and took the last sip of Whiskey from my glass. It was empty and a part of me was empty too. I needed to feel the warmth of Melody’s mouth on my dick. The last sip of Whiskey slid down my throat. I checked the time on my watch, glanced at one of the TV screens hanging up across the wall behind the bar. It was 1:03a.m., almost time to get to Melody’s place. I flagged the waitress down to get one more drink. Her name tag read, “Jasmine”. I knew I didn’t need it, but Melody loved it better when I stumbled into her arms, drunk as hell. I think she always wanted to be in control of my dick when I couldn’t be. 
“Shouldn’t you be leaving by now, Mason?” Jasmine asked as she pulled out her pad to take my order. 
“Nah, not yet. I’ll have one more Jameson before I bounce tho. Make sure this one is strong and stiff.”
“Strong and stiff, huh?” she said as she put her pad back in her black apron. “Whatever you say, Mason. I’ll be back with your Jameson.” She winked at me, took the empty glass and walked away. I smirked. Jasmine had full hips and didn’t give a damn about who came in the lounge as long as they paid their tabs, didn’t start no shit and tipped her well. 
“Here’s your Jameson, strong and stiff, just like you asked.”
“Thanks, Jas. Here’s something to hold you until I come back in here. I hope that’s okay.” I slid her a $50 bill. She picked up the money, slid it under her nose to capture the scent and slid it into her apron pocket. 
“This will do just fine, Mason. You have a great night.” 
Jasmine went on about her night, cleaning tables, picking up empty glasses and cups and filling her pockets with more tips than she could count in one sitting. The girl was good at her job. I sat in my booth, sipping om my last drink before the night was set to end and the real night was set to begin. I checked my watch again and again. Time was moving pretty fast. It was 1:34a.m., and sure enough, they were flipping chairs over tables, getting ready to shut the place down. My cigar was burned out. My glass was empty. I eased out of the booth, stood up slowly and smoothed out my shirt. I checked my reflection in the closest mirror to make sure my cap was sitting just right. My reflection was blurry, but I could see a younger version of my Father staring back at me. Mom said I was the spitting image of him. I guess. I was drunk as hell but determined to get out of Envi and over to Melody’s place. It wasn’t that far from the lounge anyways. She lived over in Young Farm, so it wouldn’t take me but 10 minutes to get to her. I headed towards the front exit of Envi, staggering a little bit. 
“Yo, Mason! You good enough to drive, dude?” 
“Marcus, come on man, you know me.”
“Yeah, I do. That’s why I asked.”
“I’m good. I’ll see you next go around, man.” I said. I gave Marcus a sloppy handshake, pulled my keys from my pocket and disappeared out of Envi. I could faintly hear him tell me to be safe. It felt like a lifetime had passed before I found my car, got inside and put on my seatbelt. 
I might have been pissy drunk, but I was a safe drunk…as safe as I could be on my own. I put on my dark sunglasses to hide my drowsy eyes, cranked my car up, turned on the radio to 105.7. The apology hour was on, so you know what time it was. I put the car in drive and sped out of the parking lot, heading down East Boulevard, straight to Melody’s house. 


Scene 2

I made a left turn, then another left and at the end of the road, I saw the porch light from Melody’s house shining bright. She was an Auburn fan, so she had an orange porch light. Win or lose, she was still rooting for that losing ass team. That’s dedication for your ass. I pulled into her driveway, pulled down my visor, took my shades off to check my eyes. I was good. I popped in a Listerine strip, even though she loved the smell of whiskey on my breath.  I turned the car off, got out and locked the car, beeping the key fob twice to set the alarm. 
Young Farm was a pretty quiet neighborhood, but Montgomery always had some young thug out at any time of the night trying to take something that didn’t belong to him. Wouldn’t be my car tonight, because I always carried my black Glock 19 on me. 
Melody was standing in the doorway, her wine red-tipped crow colored black locs falling down past her shoulders, waiting on me with a pink silk robe on, slightly open enough that I could see her pink laced bra peeking from behind it. 
“Took you long enough to get here. I thought I told you to be here at 2.”
“Come on, Mel, its only five minutes past two. Give me a little grace.”
She looked me dead in my eyes, with one hand on the door knob and the other one on the door frame. 
“Next time I say be here at a specific time, yo ass better be on fucking time, Mason. I have to go to work in the morning.”
“I get it, Mel and I’m sorry. Now, are you gonna let me in or make me stand outside?”
I heard the voice of Lenny Williams singing soulfully coming through her Beats speaker from the inside her house. She already had the mood set. I don’t know why she try to play hard to get all the time. She wanted me. She smirked and opened the door wider. I staggered inside. 
“Lenny got you feeling some kind of way, huh?”
“You know how I feel about Lenny Williams, Mason. That man can sing me into a coma and I’d be okay with life.” 
She closed and locked the door behind me. I put my keys on her kitchen counter, turned around, pulled her into my space and inhaled the scent of the perfume on her neck. 
“Damn, Mel. You smell amazing.”
“You know I only wear the best for you.”
I nodded. “I know that’s right.”
I planted a trail of drunken kisses from her neck down to her collarbone as I ran my hands down the back of her silk robe. I squeezed her ass and she jumped a little bit.
“Come with me.” She led me down the dimly lit hallway and into her candle-filled boudoir, as she often called it, the place where she lay her head to rest. It was also the place where she turned me into her puppet, but I didn’t mind one bit. I gladly performed whatever act she wanted me to for her and loved every minute of it. She closed the door and her pink silk robe dropped to the floor. Her boudoir smelled of red roses, frankincense, myrrh and my favorite, Mary Jane. I saw the blunt laying on her night stand, wrapped tight and right. 
“Kiss me, Mason.”
“Where…you mean here?” I kissed her forehead.
“No. Not there.”
“Here?” I moved her locs back and kissed her left cheek.
“No, not there either.”
“You mean here?” I kissed her lips and she moaned in my mouth. 
“Mmm, hmm. Tennessee Whiskey. Tastes amazing on your lips.”
“I knew that’s what you wanted.”
“So, why tease me then, my love?”
“Because, you yearn for me to tease you, my love.”
“I do.” She smirked. She sat down on the bed, her breast sitting up, wide awake inside her bra, legs open wide enough for me to see that she was already wet enough for me to slid in with no hesitation. She grabbed my hand and pulled me down to the bed with her. She scooted back towards the headboard, but I pulled her back down towards the edge of the bed. I wanted to taste her and by the look in her eyes and the softness of her thighs, she wanted me to taste her too.  I peeled her pink lace thong from her body. I sat there, knees on the floor, her thighs spread like Sunday dinner, marveling at the pink centered, chocolate part of her that she named “Rose” staring back at me, taunting me. I smelled her, saturated my nostrils with her scent. She was intoxicating. I was already drunk from the Whiskey, but her aroma was an erotic overdose. I indulged in it. I licked her, from the bottom to the top, I licked every inch of Rose. I hummed the lyrics to Marvin Gaye’s “Let’s Get It On” on her clit, while it played in the background. I hummed and sucked her clit until her thighs tensed up and relaxed as she let out sweet moan. Twice she did that and each time my humming went up another octave. I might not have been Marvin, but I could sing a song that her body would respond to. I swayed my tongue between her lips, savoring every drop of stickiness that she gave way to. She moaned and shook, grabbed my head and caressed my earlobes. She was headed there again. I stayed with Rose until Rose was ready taste me. I could hear Melody moaning and panting. She was ready. I was ready the moment I walked through her front door. 
I stood up at the edge of the bed. Melody scooted back towards the headboard again. I put my cell phone on the other nightstand, undressed myself, grabbed a condom from her nightstand and rolled it down the shaft of my dick. I took her bra off, laid between her legs and caressed her breasts. I could feel the heat coming from Rose, but I was determined to hold out as long as I could because I knew once I entered inside, it wouldn’t be long before Melody would make me cum. For some reason, alcohol made me cum faster than I normally would, but she loved it that way. 
I was inebriated, but I was alert enough to know that look on Melody’s face. Her lips were partly open and her hazel, brown eyes were locked on mine. 
“Give it to me, Mason. Don’t keep me waiting, baby.”
“If you say please, I’ll give you whatever you want, Mel.”
“Come on, Mason… please?” She whispered. “Why do you insist on me begging for what belongs to me?”
“Because, Mel, it excites me so, as you wish, my love.”
I entered inside Rose. Melody moaned and grinded her hips under me. I could feel the heat from inside her on my dick. She felt so damn incredible. 
“Mel, are you okay?” I whispered to her.
“Yes, Mason. I feel you so deep inside Rose. Give me more, baby.”
“Like this?” I pushed deeper and deeper inside of Rose. Sweet convulsions came in waves over her body. The more she moaned, the deeper I went. She kept asking, so I granted her request every time. I grabbed her legs, put one on each of my shoulders, thrusted in and out of her until I felt my body go limp. I was covered in Whiskey smelling sweat. I rested my head on her breasts. She licked the sweat from my forehead.
“Good job, Mason. You were really good tonight.”
“I do whatever I can to please you, girl. Besides, Rose was wetter than normal tonight.”
“That’s because you had her waiting longer than usual.”
“Yeah, yeah. You always say that and then end up eating your words afterwards.”
I rolled over to the other side of the bed. Neither one of us had the energy to get up and get a towel to clean ourselves. Melody turned over, grabbed the blunt from the night stand. She pulled the lighter from the drawer, lit it, took two puffs and passed it to me. 
“Mel, you know you my girl, right?”
She nodded. “Of course, I do, Mason.”
“You know I love you, right?”
“You know I love being with you, right?” She replied. She didn’t answer my question, so I said it again. 
“Did you hear what I said, Mel? I said I love you, girl.” I handed her back the blunt.
She took another pull, chuckled, turned over and put the blunt out in the metal tray that had her initials inscribed in it. 
“Good night, Mason.” She said.
“Good night, Mel.” I unhappily replied. I turned over on my left side, staring off into the darkness of the room. The music had faded away. My pride was hurt but I didn’t let her see it. The screen light on my phone lit up my side of the room. Mel had gone softly to sleep. I picked up the phone and glanced at the notification. It was a message from Shereé. I smiled, put the phone back down and went to sleep. 


Scene 3

We met at 1756 S. Court Street., Sidney Lanier High School, “The Castle” as they call it. One of the biggest, blackest high school in Montgomery at the time. The long halls of our school were painted in azure blue and pearl white. A.C. units hung outside the windows of this four-story castle. Filled with all sorts of beautiful, black girls with long ponytails, fingernails and attitudes. Shereé didn’t have none of that. In fact, she was a pretty shy girl for her to be in one of the most famous high school marching bands in the city. I remember the day I met her. We were sitting in band class, the front of the classroom had these big, black chalk boards with half written stanzas, music notes scattered about, rules and the school bell schedule from Mr. Cooper plastered all over them.  Coop was our band director and a damn good one at that. In fact, this was the last year he would ever be the band director at Lanier. He left that next year and landed a job at Stillman College.
Shereé was a fellow woodwind player…the clarinet. I played saxophone. I would often sit behind her in class, wondering what she sounded like on the phone and how wide her smile would be if I actually took the time to speak and say hello. Truthfully, I was pretty shy myself. We were warming up our instruments, playing the b flat concert scale to get in tune for class. I sat behind her, blaring out the notes in her ear. She turned around, looked me dead in my eyes and said, “Your sax is always tuned so perfectly and your notes are so clear.” She flashed a smiled and turned back around, clarinet in her left hand, flipping through scores of music sheets on her stand with her right.
By the time my mouth tried to open and reply, Mr. Cooper had walked in the room and everyone fell silent, with their instruments at attention. Class went on as scheduled with him cussing us out for being too flat, playing too fast and the tubas in the back blaring their instruments so loud that one of the players almost bust his bottom lip trying to show off.  A chalk board eraser went flying over by the percussion section as Coop cussed loudly at them for continuing to play after he said stop. This was the norm for us. 
After the class bell rang out for us to go home, I quickly packed up my instrument so that I could catch Shereé before she walked out of the room. She was doing the same thing.
The sunlight was shining through Melody’s deep red curtains, so bright that I turned over and ran my hand across the silk bed sheets. The aroma of the cheese grits from the kitchen mixed in with the scent of Mel’s perfume woke me up. Melody knew just what I liked. Shereé was the only woman that could call me Mase, and she was always my Re. The times we would walk the halls of Lanier, lines of blue and white guiding us from the band room to the gym for pep rallies, always stayed on my mind. I laid there for a few minutes, thinking about her, about Shereé, hoping that Mel wouldn’t come back to the bedroom so soon. I needed this moment of endless thoughts of me and her together. 
Things happened between us…life kind of things. We drifted apart, but no matter how far I went, how many states I’d visited, Shereé was always on my mind, in my heart, making my emotions do things no other woman could do…not even Melody. I know that sounds selfish as hell, but I couldn’t shake her and I knew I needed her in my life. One day, downtown off South Lawrence street, I was headed to finalize the plans on a building I was reconstructing and I needed to see the commissioner before I could get them approved. I sat in the lobby, plans in one hand, cell phone in the other checking the time and then commissioner walked out to greet me. I looked up and it was Shereé. Her eyes were as brown as I remembered, her gorgeous smile, her hair was in a big afro puff. She definitely wasn’t the girl I remembered from school. She was more. She’d grown into a beautiful woman. 
“Mason Koleman?” Shereé said as she walked towards me, stretching her arms out wide to embrace me. Her smile gleaming even more brighter. 
“Shereé Ramsen!” 
I wrapped my big arms around her tiny waist, pulling her so close into my space that I could lick the perfume off her neck. It felt like it was just her and I in that lobby. She smelled so damn good. In that split second between the hug and the pull back, I could’ve bit her on her collar-bone, licked her face down to her neck, made her wet in places that I hadn’t touched in years.  She pulled back, flashing that smile of hers as her eyes ran down my physique, gliding her fingers down from my biceps to my elbows until her hands rested inside mine.
“It’s been a long time, Mason.”
“A very long time, Shereé.”
“Come! Let’s talk more in my office.” She said, taking my left hand and leading me down the hall and into her office. You could tell by the stare from the receptionist that this interaction wasn’t normal for Shereé it didn’t seem like Shereé gave a damn either. We walked into her office. Her office walls were painted with degrees and accomplishments…something I knew she worked her ass off to gain. She had a small black conference room-type table with two black office chairs pulled up to it. She closed the door behind us, locked it and fastened the blinds. She sat down at her desk, while I sat at the black table with my plans in my right hand. It looked like she was sending someone an email, but I was more concerned about what was missing from her desk…her office décor. She didn’t have any pictures of a husband, a boyfriend, kids…nothing. After she hit the last key on her keyboard, she came right over to the table and sat next to me.
“Mason Koleman…It’s so nice to see you after all these years. You look amazing. How have you been? Why are you here? Wait…I’m so busy rambling that I haven’t given you a chance to respond.” She said.
“To be honest, Shereé, I wasn’t expecting to see you here. I had no idea that you were the Commissioner but I’m glad that it’s you.”
“So, how have you been?”
“I’ve been great. Working on restoration plans for a building downtown. I thought you moved away after college?”
“I did, but I came back home. I was lonely and Texas was too damn hot for all this chocolate.” She laughed.
“You still funny as hell, I see.”
“Always…so again, why are YOU here? I thought you moved to New York to become this big-time architect?” 
“Yeah, well. New York was great, but I missed home. My mom is here, and I wanted to be closer to her. Besides, New York cost of living is high as shit. For the price I pay to live out in East Chase, I’d have to pay three times that just to live in a flat with two other niggas…brought my black, uppity ass right back home.”
“You were never uppity, Mason. A simple man, yes. Uppity…nah.”
“You damn right…and I still carry my emergency bag too. You know…I see Marcus just about every night over at Envi. He still the same ol’ dude.”
“That’s awesome. I haven’t been inside Envi in a a few years, but I see his wife, Destiny, all the time in the grocery store. She hasn’t aged a bit.”
“They say black don’t crack.”
“Yeah, that’s what they say.” She replied, “but some of that black bends and you can see the wear and tear that life is putting on some of our classmates. They look like hell, warmed over.”
“Damn, girl!” I laughed. She still knew how to keep me rolling.
“So, let me see these plans you have here.”
Shereé took the plans, stood up and unrolled them onto the table. Her mauve blouse fit her torso like it was custom made just for her. I noticed her black slacks still had that damn crease going down the front and back. “She ain’t changed a bit” I said to myself. 
“The plans look great. I don’t see a need for any changes. I’ll go ahead and approve your permits.”
“Thanks, Ré.”
“No one has called me “Ré” in years.” She said. 
“No one should be calling you “Ré” other than me, remember?”
She cut her eyes over at me and replied, “How could I forget? Mase and Ré…the best, worst friends ever.”
“Nah, not best, worst. We were good together after I got you to like me.”
“You mean, after I stopped telling you what to do in band class?” she replied as she walked back over to her desk to print the approval for my plans.
“Yeah…that part.” I said. 
“But, I always liked you, Mase. Don’t act like you ain’t know.”
“Yeah, yeah.” I nodded.
While she grabbed the paper from the printer, I took a deep breath and just went for it…completely forgetting about Melody. 
“Ré…you have any plans tomorrow night?”
“Let’s see. I have a committee meeting at 6pm. They normally last a few hours. What did you have in mind?”
“Well, what about Friday night?”
She looked at her calendar again. “Friday night is free. What’s up?”
“Come sit with me for a few hours at Envi…so we can catch up more, outside of these walls.”
“Envi huh…okay. What time?”
“Around 10pm…if that’s not too late.”
“Late?! Now Mase…you know I still go to bed at 9pm.” She snickered.
I grabbed her hands and pulled her into my space again. I looked into her big, brown eyes and asked again, “Please, Re…for me.” I knew she wouldn’t be able to turn me down…not being that close to me.
“Sure, Mase, but if I fall asleep, just make sure I get home safe.” She said.
“Woman…nobody falls asleep in Envi. You might get carried out, depending on how much you drink, but fall asleep? Hell nah.” 
“Well, I don’t drink that much, so you won’t have to worry about that part.” She said. Shereé peered at her watch and quickly looked at her computer screen. “I almost forgot I had another meeting in five minutes.”
Damn. I didn’t want to hear those words. It felt like we were in high school all over again. The class bell would ring when it was time for us to go to the next class. I never wanted her to leave my sight and I felt the same way right then…in that moment. I just stood there, hoping she would just say “fuck this meeting” and stay with me, but as quickly as I thought about it, she’d already grabbed her suit jacket, note pad and pen and headed towards her office door.
“I don’t mean to cut our meet and greet short, but I really have to get to this meeting. Friday night, right?”
“Friday night, Re. I’ll be waiting for you.”
“I’ll be there.” She replied “Here’s my number.” She grabbed my cell phone from my hand, put her number in it and called it so she could have mine too. “Lock me in.” She said as she smiled. We walked out of her office, expecting there to be a crowd of nosey ass co-workers standing outside, but we were met with normal, day-to day office noise. She went down the hall to the left and I stood there, watching her hips move in sync to the song playing in my head. I could hear Guy singing, “Piece of My Love” and the piece of my love that I wanted to give her was starting to weigh heavy in my black slacks. I shook my head, rolled my plans and approval letter up in my hands and headed down the hall right in front of me and back out the door. 


Scene 4

“Mason…”
“Mason…”
“MASON!” Melody shouted. “It’s time for you to get up and get dressed. I gotta be to work in an hour.”
“Mason…did you hear what I said?”
I laid there with my eyes closed, listening to Melody yell about going to work but trying to stay in my daydream about Shereé. She was fucking up my fantasy. I heard her, but I knew she just wanted to me leave. I remembered she said she had to go to work today, but then I thought about it. It was Friday. Melody didn’t work on Friday’s. I didn’t think anything of it, but I still didn’t want to get up.
“Mason…come on. Get up!”
“Damn, Mel…you can’t give me five more minutes? Just five more?”
“No. I’ve been trying to wake you up for the last twenty minutes. I know you heard me too.”
“I heard yo’ loud ass.”
“Well, get the fuck up and get dressed then. I got shit to do.” She stood there, arms folded, no makeup on, locs flowing down the sides of her face, wrapped in a burgundy bath towel. I guess between her finishing breakfast and trying to wake me up, she must have taken a shower. Hell, she should’ve woke me up to join her for that event. 
“Aight, Mel. I’m getting up.”
“About damn time.” She sarcastically replied.
I got out of the bed. Stood right in front of her. Put my hands on her shoulders, leaned in to give her a kiss. 
“No damn way, Mason. At least brush your teeth and put a hot towel to your face before you try to kiss me. You know I don’t play that shit.”
“Can you ever do anything spontaneous, Mel? You always so wound up. Loosen up a little.”
“Loosen yo’ ass up out of my face and go take care of your personal hygiene and then come back and try it again.”
“Mean ass woman.” 
I walked into the bathroom and slammed the door behind myself. Mel knew what it took to piss me off…but she also knew what it took to get my dick hard and arguing her with ass early in the morning was one of those things. I loved it when she was assertive. I pulled back the red shower curtain and turned on the shower. While the shower was heating up, I stood there at the sink, brushing my teeth, thinking about Shereé. Melody had some music playing. It sounded like Johnny Taylor, the kind of music your grandma played on Saturday morning. Loud and unruly. You knew when you heard Johnny Taylor, Sam Cooke or either The Canton Spirituals come on early in the morning, she was on her way to wake you up to clean up. Melody had an older soul underneath all that thickness and those long, beautiful locs.
I finished my shower. Cleaned all of Melody off my body. Dried my skin and put on some lotion and deodorant. Stood at the sink, staring off into the mirror again. Saw my father’s reflection staring back at me, like he wanted to say something. I was sober this time, but his reflection was drunk as fuck. It was daylight outside. He only visited me at night, when the stench of his drunken breath became mine. 
“Are you done in there yet?”
“Yeah. Give me a minute and I’ll be out.”
“Hurry up, please. We gotta get a move on it.”
“Give me a minute, Mel. Damn!”
I could hear her cursing louder as she stomped down the hall. I walked out of the bathroom, towel wrapped around my waist. The bed was made up. Curtains were closed. Candles were cold. My clothes were folded neatly at the edge of her bed. Lady Melody was coming back down the hall with her keys in her hand. I could hear them jingle. Right as I dropped my towel, she turned the corner and entered the bedroom. 
She stood there, silently; eyes focused on my freshly cleaned dick. I guess she figured if she stared at it long enough, it would wake up for her. Not today. I grabbed my boxers, put them on. My eyes never left her face. She had the tip of her fingernail in her mouth, slightly biting on it. Lady Melody wanted me, but like she said, she had shit to do…and so did I. I finished getting dressed while she waited in the door way. 
I walked past her and out of the bedroom. She followed behind me down the hall to the front door, keys still jingling. I grabbed my keys and turned the knob to the door to walk out. Melody stood there, one hand on her hip.
“You don’t have to take me to work. I have a ride coming.”
“You’re not driving your car today?”
“Not today.”
“So, who’s the ride? A co-worker?”
“None of your business, Mason. It’s a ride.”
“Aight, Mel. I’ll leave you to your ride. Call me when you get off. Maybe I can come back tonight and we can pick up where you left me hanging.”
“I can’t do tonight. Got shit going on, but I’ll call you when I’m ready for you.”
“When you’re ready? Aight. Whatever you say.”
She gave me a hug but didn’t kiss my lips. Melody could be a drama queen when she wanted and sometimes my lady when I wanted her, but never when I needed her. I got in my car, hit I-85 North and drove home. As soon as I got in the house, I crashed on the sofa, turning the TV on to see what was on the news. I didn’t have anything on my schedule for today, other than being with Shereé tonight. And I couldn’t wait to have her in my space. News anchor said there was a fatal shooting off Rosa Parks by Davis Elementary school. Black male, age twenty-six, leaving behind four kids and three baby mommas. The shooting was drug related. News anchor went on to say that MPD finally caught the guy who robbed the Pacecar gas station off Mobile highway, an eighteen-year-old kid black kid that lived in Gibbs Village. He remained in jail because his momma didn’t have enough money to bail him out.
Sometimes I wish they would just burn that neighborhood down. Bulldoze it. Put something more valuable, more productive in it for the kids, like a Boys and Girls club. Something that would help them deal with not having fathers in the home, deal with their mental issues. The depression. The anger. Now, that kid gotta to spend eighteen years in prison for robbing a gas station because where we from, black kids get harsher sentences than those of the Caucasian persuasion. News anchor said it would be a thirty percent chance of rain tonight. I don’t believe it. Either it’s a tornado outside or it’s so hot that the streets cry tears. Ain’t no in between.
Just another day in Montgomery, Montganistan as the young generation called it. Somebody getting shot, somebody taking something that wasn’t theirs and the weather can’t make up its mind. I sat on the sofa flipping through more channels. Nothing but sad ass news and old TV shows. I turned off that distraction and decided to turn on my Apple music. Decided that SiR would sooth my mind better than the news. Or maybe Sebastian Kole. I just turned on my playlist and let it have its way while I cleaned up a little bit. I get busy a lot and things get thrown wherever they land when I come home. Ain’t nothing like pulling back curtains, opening windows and letting some of that good, southern sunshine and air make its way inside. 
I lived in Wynlakes. One of the most prestigious neighborhoods in Montgomery. Built my house from the ground up. Designed every room myself. My neighbors were already gone to work. The neighborhood was quiet during the day, mostly during the night too, unless an ambulance was headed to the other side of town. I grew up in Ridgecrest. Back then, that was considered the prestigious neighborhood, but now, it’s more like a deserted war zone over there, except the real threat is our own kind. Worn out, boarded-up houses with broken windows. Most of the houses that’s left are owned by HUD and the renters don’t take care of them. All the whites moved out to where I live. Every time I ride through there, it seems like the souls of my elders renounced their affiliation to that area and left it desolate. 
After I finished cleaning and putting away laundry, I laid on my sofa and closed my eyes. Even though it was Friday, I could smell fresh Saturday morning air, the air from the 90’s. The air back then smelled like walking home from school, playing basketball on the sidewalk and riding on the handle bars of your best friend’s bike around the neighborhood without shoes. It smelled new and reminiscent at the same time. Past, present and future. I laid there, thinking about Shereé. I wondered what she smelled like first thing in the morning, how the sun would rise on her skin and make it glow. I wondered how many places I could kiss on her body before she’d surrender to me completely. I drifted off to sleep…wondering.


Scene 5

Before I knew it, I’d slept until nightfall. The windows were still open, but the sun was no longer shining. No more air blowing and the scent of new and reminiscence had faded away. I could hear my neighbors dragging their garbage bins in for the evening. The sound of car doors being locked and the chimes from their remote keys sounded off in unison. The night was hot, but present and accounted for. I sat up straight, grabbed my phone from the end table to check the time. It was after eight o’clock. There was a missed call and a text from Shereé. The text said she didn’t forget about tonight and that she’d see me in a few hours. I smiled. I got up and went into my master bedroom. I walked inside my closet and stood there trying to decide what to put on for tonight. I wanted everything to be perfect, all the way down to the socks I chose to put on my feet. A man’s socks said a lot about his character and mine was sleek, debonair, strong. I decided to go with a black button down dress shirt I’d gotten from Jos. A Bank, some black slacks and my black Cole Haan dress shoes. My sock color of choice: black, wine and ivory from the Calvin Klein collection. One thing about Marcus, he didn’t play about coming into his establishment with sneakers, Timbs and jeans on. It was an upscale club and he intended for it to stay that way. He had a dress code and I never disappointed to adhere to it. I laid my clothes out on the bed, placed my black steel bracelet and watch next to my clothes and put my shoes at the foot of the bed. 
I had hoped that Melody wouldn’t call me tonight. No text, voicemail…nothing. Knowing Melody, she wouldn’t anyways. Something about her on the weekends…she never reached out to me, wouldn’t take my calls or respond to my text messages. She’d always say things were hectic at work on the weekends and I believe her. Hell, with all the shooting and robbing going on in Montgomery, Jackson Hospital stayed busy. I took another shower, washed away the long nap and got dressed. I sprayed on a little Prada sport, brushed the waves in my hair and headed out the door. It was after nine and I wanted to get there a little before the crowd showed up, just to make sure things were up to par for Shereé.
I’d normally hit the interstate, just to be among all the late-night travelers, but tonight, I decided a slow ride down Troy Highway would suit the mood. Sitting at the red light by the Raceway gas station, I saw two guys standing outside just shooting the breeze.  One person was at the pump and one of the owners was taking out the trash. Typical Friday night scenery before the young crown came out of hiding. When I pulled into the parking lot, I noticed that it wasn’t as empty as I thought it would be after nine, but I still had a space to park close to the front, under the light. 
The club sign had been removed from the front of the building and replaced with a new one that read, “RESET”. “What the hell is going on here?” I said to myself. “Reset? I know that sign wasn’t there when I left here the other night.” I shook my head, grabbed my phone and headed to the door.
“Hey man, what happened with the club name overnight?” I asked Travis. the security guard at the door.
“Man, who you asking? Talk to the boss man. I just work here.” He said, jokingly, as he patted me down. Travis let the rope down and cleared me to go inside. I walked right in and went straight to the bar. Magenta colored booths lined the black and white walls while jade table-clothed tables took up the space in the middle. Some of the booths were already filled up and a few tables still had reserved signs perched in the center of them. Men in nice adult attire and women dressed to impress filled the dance floor. Jasmine greeted me as soon as I sat down.
“Welcome back, Mason. What can I get you tonight? Another Jameson?”
“You already know it, but don’t make it stiff this time. Pour some coke in it.”
“I got you.”
While Jasmine fixed my drink, J. Marsh was finishing his first set for the night and headed towards the bar as well. Jarvis Marshall, affectionately known as J. Marsh, was one of Gumptown’s finest artists. Every time we ran into each other, he’d said, “A R&B nigga up!” and I’d always reply, “Nigga, you already made it!” 
With all the touring that he was doing with national and international artists, dropping albums of his own, singing and writing hooks and writing full songs for other artists, it was good of him to come home and help out where he could. He and Marcus went way back…before the club, the SESAC invitation…the Grammy awards and the groupies. Marcus always made space for the local talent to move up in the industry and Envi, now Reset, was the location that made it all possible. 
“Aye Jas, let me get a…”
“I already know what you want, Marsh. I got it ready for you.” Jasmine responded as she handed him his glass.
“A gotdamn cup of D’ussé.” I said.
“You don’t damn say.” Marsh facetiously responded.
“Hey man, I should’ve known. That’s all yo’ ass drink.”
“You gotdamn right. Ain’t nothing better than a cup of D’ussé and some good green to go along with it.”
“You right about it, but you know me. I like my Jameson.”
“That old man ass drink. Get you a cup of what I got and I promise you, it’ll change ya life.”
“Nah, man. Me and my “old man ass drink” good. How you been, though? Touring life treating you good?”
“Touring has been a dream, man. Honestly, I love the road, the music, the different states and countries and…everything about it. Each place got a different strain of green too. The only thing that gets to me is missing out on my kids. I miss a lot because of this road, but I make it a point to spend as much time with them as I can when I’m here.”
“I hear you. That road can be lovely, but family always tugs at your heart.”
“On me.” Marsh replied. 
I always wondered why he said that shit, but I understood. It was just his way of saying he agreed.
“So why Marcus go and change the name of the club, Marsh?” I asked.
“Man, you know Marcus. If he felt like he needed to change the name to attract a different type of crowd, then that’s what he gon’ do. You can’t tell that man nothing.”
“You right about that. Once that nigga set in his mind to do something, it’s already done.”
“On me, shit! He wanted a new start, so hell, he hit that RESET button.” 
“Literally!” I replied. I looked up as saw her walking in through the door. It was Shereé and she looked amazing. I couldn’t help but stare at her. It was like everyone in the room disappeared but her. She carried her own light with her…a vibe only she could embody. She stood at the door, looking from side to side, holding a small black clutch purse in her left hand and her cell phone in her right hand. I knew she was looking for me, probably wondering if I’d left her hanging, but I didn’t. My feet just wouldn’t move. I was stuck in a place in time where our past and the beginning of our future was sitting right in my present.
“Damnnnnn! Who the fuck is that standing the doorway?” Marsh said, tapping me on my shoulder. “Aye, you alright, Mase? You look a little stuck. You must know the baby standing up there or something?”
“Yeah man. I’m good and yeah, she’s with me.” 
Marsh looked at me as if I’d just hit the jackpot at Windcreek Casino. For a moment, I felt like I did.
“You did good this time, Mase…real good. She ain’t nothing like that other big baby you had. She was bad, but this one here…she seems like the long term, “I do” type of vibe.”
“I do? Man, you know that don’t really work in my perspective, but yeah...this one is nothing like her at all.” 
I stood up, ignored whatever else Marsh was saying. My drink and I headed towards Shereé’s way. Marsh took his glass of D’oussé back to his section over by the DJ booth. She saw me coming and put her phone inside her purse, holding it quite close to her body. Shereé had on a black laced jumpsuit. She was fully clothed, only showing a little cleavage. She was sexiness personified. I met her at the door, gave her a hug and led her to my booth in the back-left corner, right by the bar, next to the window.
“You thought I forgot about you, didn’t you?”
“I almost did. You didn’t respond back to any of my messages. I thought I was gonna be out here alone and you know I don’t really do clubs.”
“I’m sorry about that. I was knocked out on my sofa. Time sorta slipped away.”
“Slipped away huh?”
“Yeah, it did. What are you drinking tonight?”
“I don’t really drink, Mase so I don’t know what to order.”
“Oh, well let me get you something to start with.”
I signaled for Jasmine to come over, asked her to bring a Long Island Iced Tea with a straw. It was simple, would give Shereé a buzz. Jasmine wrote it down on her pad and left to go make the drink. 
“What is it that you’re drinking, Mase?”
“This? Oh, this is a grown man’s drink. This is Jameson.”
“Jameson, huh? Sounds like something my granddad would drink.”
“Ah hell, here you go.” 
“What?” She laughed. 
“Marsh just told me the same thing, but in a not so nice way.”
“Marsh, as in, J. Marsh, the singer? He’s here tonight?”
“Yeah. He’s up in the booth by the DJ. You know him?”
“Not personally, but I love his music.”
“Oh really now? I thought you still loved old school music.”
“I do, but he takes some of the best songs from the 90’s and makes them his own. He has a great voice. He’s very talented.”
“Here is your Long Island Iced Tea with a straw.” Jasmine said as she placed the drink on the table. “Enjoy.”
“Thanks Jas.” I slid her a $20 and she slipped it into her apron and walked away.
“You know I still have an ear for good music, Mase.”
“So do I, Ré.”
I took another sip from my glass. Re did the same. I could tell that she liked what was in her glass. She didn’t spit it out. I did good.
“This is pretty good, Mase. I’ve never had one of these before. What’s it called again?”
“Long Island Iced Tea.”
“A Long Island Iced Tea, huh? Cool.”
“Cool.”
The club was getting packed out. More and more people started pouring in. The music changed as the DJ went to work on the ones and twos. More like his laptop. There were always more beautiful women in Reset than there were men and the men were never caught without a clean haircut and a fresh shave or beard and outfit to match. The ladies knew what they came here for and the men didn’t disappoint. Hues of black, grey white with a little pink and money green mixed in. Short skirts and revealing tops, even shorter dresses, leaving nothing to the imagination. At the end of the night somebody was going home with somebody they didn’t come in here with, married, single, situationship, polyamorous alike. Between me staring at Shereé and sipping my Jameson, neither of us noticed the other security guard carrying the guy out of the club by his neck. He looked like trouble and Marcus ain’t allow none of that in his establishment. The bar started getting crowded, which meant that more people were standing too close us, leaning next to our booth, trying to take a seat. One look from me and they kept it moving.
“So, how often do you come here, Mase?”
“Almost every night…you know, just to clear my head from the stress of the work day, have a glass of Jameson and enjoy a cigar. Decompress.”
“Mmmhmm...”
“Mmmhmm? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing. I’m just taking notes.”
“Notes for what, Ré?”
“Nothing bad, Mase. It’s been a while since we’ve been together like this, in each other’s space. I feel like I have to get to know you all over again.”
“I told you Ré, nothing has changed. I’m still Mase.” 
Marcus was walking around, dressed in a green button down and black slacks, looking like the money man himself, making sure that everybody who had tables and booths were straight and had everything they needed. Waitresses were coming and going, dropping off hookah’s and chicken plates and picking up empty cups and glasses. He stopped at our booth.
“Mason, what’s good with you? You straight?”
“I’m good, Marcus. Its packed in here tonight.”
“Yeah it is. Business is good to me and my family tonight. Ain’t this Shereé from school? Pretty lady, how have you been?” He hugged her. “I haven’t seen you in long time.”
“I’ve been well, Marcus. How’s Destiny? The kids?”
“Awe man, Destiny is great and the kids…they’re getting so big. They make me so proud to be their dad.”
“That’s awesome. Tell her I said hello”
“Well, yall have fun. I gotta finish making my rounds. My cousin, Tony, is coming through in a sec. Let him know if you need anything and he’ll hook you up.”
“Thanks Marcus.”
“Yo, Mason, be good tonight, man.”
“Hey man, I’m always on my best behavior.”
Marcus shook his head and went about his business. I was almost finished with my drink, so I waved Jasmine down to bring another one over and she did.  All night long, I stared into Shereé’s eyes while we talked and while she baby sat her Long Island Iced Tea. I wanted to bury myself in her eyes. They were so big, beautiful and brown. Tony came through later that night, dressed in a cocaine white tailormade suit, no shirt, a gold chain around his neck and his signature diamond stud earrings in both ears. He did the same thing Marcus had done earlier. He made sure everybody had what they needed and then he went on to have some fun of his own. He joined Marsh in the booth next to the DJ and I swear every time I looked that way, the waitress was taking bottle after bottle into that booth. A bottle of Apple Crown Royal, then a bottle Remy VSOP and then a bottle of Cîroc Watermelon. Everyone in that booth was drunk and crunk, dancing and smoking Hookah. They had to carry Tony and his suit out of the club and drive him home. Marsh barely closed the night out with a song of his called Friend Bae. The song was perfect for the moment. Shereé was that friend that I wanted to turn into my everything tonight, but I didn’t want to ruin what we had…whatever it was we had. 
I only had two drinks, didn’t give my drink a chance to wake up that untamed man inside me. I needed Shereé to see me tonight…not my father. 
“You ready to get out of here?” I asked her.
“Absolutely.”
I grabbed her hand and helped her down out of the booth. She grabbed her purse with her other hand. 
“See you later, Mason.” Jasmine said.
“You know it, Jas.”
I held on to Shereé’s hand, threw up two fingers to Marcus while I led her to the door, and we walked out of the club. 
“Where did you park, Ré?”
“Right over there by the light. The black one.” 
She pressed the button on her key fob, made her car light up. She was parked right in front of my car. What a coincidence. I walked her to her car, waited for her to get her door open. She put her purse in the car, turned back around and faced me again.
“I really enjoyed myself tonight, Mase. It’s been a long time since I’ve been able to get out, especially around people our age, and enjoy it. Work always gets in the way.”
“I can understand that. So, can we do this again?”
“Come back to Reset? I don’t know Mase. You know I don’t really do clubs.”
“Well, can I at least see you again? Let me take you out to dinner? Better yet, let me cook you something.”
“Cook? You? Food for me?” 
“Don’t look at me like that. A brother can burn.”
“I’m sure you can burn…down a whole kitchen.”
“Oh you with the little faith.”
“My faith ain’t little. I just don’t know about your cooking, that’s all.”
“Well, let me cook for you, then.”
“Okay, Mase. Sure.”
“See, that wasn’t so hard.”
I pulled her in close to me, took her arms and wrapped them around my waist and kissed her forehead. She inhaled and exhaled so softly. 
“You smell so good.”
“So do you.”
“What did I do to deserve a forehead kiss?”
“You trusted me enough to come out here and spend time with me. That says a lot. You’re more than deserving.”
“I’ll always trust you, Mason Koleman.”
The light hit her eyes, illuminated them, made the brown in her eyes look like a sea of caramel. It was getting way too late, so I helped her into her car, closed the door, walked to my car and got inside. I watched her check her lipstick in the mirror, put on her glasses, pull out of the parking lot and drive off into the night. I sat in my car, trying to understand how in the hell I just let Shereé leave the club without me. I wanted to go home with her or take her back to my house and make love to every inch of her five foot, four-inch frame. It was too soon, too early to be thinking like that, but hell, I’m grown, and she is too. I shook my head, backed out of the parking spot, left the lot and went home.  I sat in my drive way for a long time before I went inside. Sat there like a sad puppy who’d just been given up for adoption…but this other feeling I had, this feeling was familiar.
You know that feeling you get in the first few weeks of meeting somebody new. The butterflies, late night toss and turn because you can’t get them off your mind. They are the first thing you crave in the morning and the last thing you taste before you close your eyes at night. Your dreams are consumed by their presence. That’s what Sheree’ and I had going on tonight. The vibe was organic and even though we’ve known each other for years, this new thing, I wanted to feel this new thing with her forever.


Scene 6

Over the next week, Shereé and I went back and forth trying to decide on a day that I could cook for her. Our schedules seemed to never match up. Either she had to stay late at the office for meetings, or I was stuck out at a work site with a client. I was determined to make good on my offer. It was Wednesday. I sent a bouquet of white, long stem roses to her office with a card that read, “Dinner tonight. 7pm. No discussion. Not up for debate. I already texted you the location. See you later.”  I stopped by Publix, off Atlanta Highway, on my way home from work, grabbed some asparagus and cauliflower from the produce section and some chicken breasts from the meat section. 
I used the self-checkout and headed straight home afterwards. I pulled into my driveway, grabbed the grocery bag and went inside, straight to the kitchen and got started on dinner. I cut, rinsed and tossed the asparagus in olive oil and sea salt and set it to the side, cut the cauliflower from the head and set it aside too. I removed the chicken from the pack, rinsed, seasoned and set it aside while I preheated my grill. The time was moving fast, and I needed to shower before Shereé got here so I placed the chicken in the fridge to marinate while I showered. 
I dressed myself in some black jeans, a gray “Strong black man” t-shirt and grey and black socks, and a few sprays of some Polo Black had me feeling like a King in a castle waiting on his queen to come from the tower. I was home. I went back to the kitchen and set the table for two. Two silver plates, water and wine glasses, silverware and napkins. I put the cauliflower on to boil, grabbed the chicken from the fridge and put it and the asparagus on the grill. The cauliflower was ready to be turned into mashed potatoes. I drained them, squeezed the remaining water from them, threw them in the blender with a little milk and butter and sprinkled a little parsley on top. Voila! Mashed damn potatoes.
Shereé had no idea what kind of meal she was walking in to. Talking about my cooking…hell, I can cook. My momma ain’t raise no hoe. She raised a strong man who wasn’t ashamed to get in the kitchen and provide for himself, outside of a job. I thought about my father. I wondered if he were still alive, would he have allowed me to be this kind of man or would he tell me to “man up. Cooking is a woman’s job.” I don’t know how my mom put up with him, but she loved him…loved him even in death. By the time I flipped the chicken over to the other side and removed the asparagus from the grill, the doorbell rang. I wiped my hands on the black hand towel draped across my shoulder and went to the door. It was Shereé standing on the other side, wearing jeans and a shirt. I opened the door and greeted her with a smile.
“Thank you for coming over. You can take your shoes off, if you’d like and leave them over there. I had hoped you wouldn’t cancel on me.”
“Well, Mase, you didn’t really give me the option to do that, not that I would have anyways. I hope you don’t mind, I changed out of my work clothes. I feel more comfortable in this and I brought a bottle of Stella Rose-Black. It’s the least I could do.”
“No, I don’t mind. You look great in anything. You’re a Stella Rose girl. Great choice.”
“Yeah, well I hope this isn’t all we end up having for dinner. I’m still on the fence about this food situation.” 
“You still got jokes, I see. You can put your purse on the end table here.”
I led Shereé into the dining area, put the bottle of wine on ice and went back to finish the chicken and prepare the plates. I could tell she had a long day at work. She didn’t have to tell me because Shereé always wore her emotions on her face. While I was in the kitchen, I could hear her phone. Text alert after text alert, email after email. She just couldn’t escape work. It followed her home, in this case, to my house and we didn’t need any interruptions tonight. I plated the food and carried it into the dining room where she was. She sat at the table with her head buried in her phone, reading and typing away. I put the plates down on the table, one in front of her and one in front of my chair, grabbed her phone from her hand and turned it off. 
“Really, Mase? I was finishing up that response. It was important.”
“It wasn’t important. Your time is. They had you all day at the office. Can I have you to myself for a few hours?”
“Of course you can, but you should’ve let me finish that email.”
“Nope. Not tonight. They can ask you whatever they want to tomorrow when you get back in the office. Whatever it was is stressing you out anyways. I can see it all over your face, Ré. I saw it when you walked in. Poker wasn’t really your game growing up.”
“Nobody ever taught me how to play poker and after all these years, I still don’t know how to control my facial expressions. Gets me in trouble every time.”
“Don’t I know it. Your face speaks for you before you even open your mouth.”
“I’m sure it does. The food looks amazing, by the way.”
“Thanks Re.”
“I’m just not sure its edible.”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah. Do you mind if I wash my hands before I say my last will and testament over this meal?”
“Sure, Miss Sarcastic. The restroom is down the hall, first door on the right.”
While Shereé went to go wash up, I popped open the wine bottle, poured some into the glasses and turned on some Kenny G. I couldn’t lie. She picked a nice bottle of wine for the night. I could hear her heels slowly coming down the hall. 
“You have a well decorated house, Mase. Your paintings are beautiful.”
“Thank you, Re.”
“And the saxophone…I see you still have it. Do you still play?”
“I haven’t touched that sax in over a decade. Not sure if I still have it in me.”
“I think you do.”
“You think a lot of things, I imagine.”
“I do. For instance, the way you put the paintings on the walls, one on each side of your saxophone. Very strategic.”
“It has meaning, but I’m sure you’ve already suspected that, otherwise you wouldn’t have mentioned it.”
“You were always strategic about putting things together.”
“Speaking of putting things together, you know what I think?”
“What’s that?”
“I’m thinking we should eat before the food gets cold.”
“I think you’re right, Mase.”
We sat down at the table and we ate. I watched her taste my cooking. After the first bite, she smiled, gave me a thumbs up and smiled again. I wanted to gloat because I knew it was poppin’, but I didn’t want to ruin the mood. I sipped from my wine glass, as she did the same.  We ate, drank and ate some more until we finished our food and our wine glasses were empty. I asked her if she wanted to step outside and look at sky with me. She did. We went out back, on the deck and looked up at the sky. The clouds were beautiful this time of the night. The moon was barely peeking through.  She took a deep breath and silently exhaled. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing at all. This was a much needed night away from all of the craziness at work.”
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. You’re with me now, so you don’t have to bring your work life with you whenever I’m around.”
“With you?”
“Yeah, with me. Here, with peace, wine, nice scenery and no cell phones going off in the background.”
“It sounds like a dream when I hear you say it out loud, even though I’m standing right here next to you.”
“It feels normal, doesn’t it?”
“It does. Just to breathe and not worry about how many emails I have to respond to while I’m inhaling and exhaling.”
I took her left hand, placed it inside my right hand and just held it, her fingers locked with mine. She moved closer to my side, never breaking eye contact with the sky. I admired her silhouette cascading off the porch deck and then she turned towards me, wrapping her right arm around my body, resting her head on my chest while we stood there, silently, listening to the slight rustle of the wind through the trees. 
“Remember those nights…the nights we had band camp, that breeze that came at the setting of the sun as we marched back inside the building?”
“Of course, I remember, Ré. We had some fun times back then.”
“This breeze…the one we’re feeling right now, it feels like the breeze from back then, Mase. I knew when the breeze came through, that I’d lose you until the next day.”
“You don’t have to worry about that now, Ré. I’m not going anywhere. I’ll still be here in the morning and the next morning and every morning after that.”
I inhaled the scent of her hair. Coconut and Jojoba oils. I kissed her on her forehead, reassured her that I was all that I said I was and would do whatever it took to make sure I kept my word to her. She smiled, looked into my eyes and kissed me. Her lips were soft and tasted like red wine and roses. She kissed me again and I returned the favor. We stood outside, kissing like two high school teenagers, trapped by the innocence of new love. The more we kissed, the harder my dick got. The passion between us became so intense, so quickly, I grabbed her other hand, led her back inside and we went to the other side of the house…to my Master bedroom. Hues of rustic brown, gold and ivory filled the room. 
She sat on the edge of the bed, nervously waiting while I searched for the perfect playlist. After I found it, I asked Alexa to play it for me. I walked back over to Shereé, kissed her forehead again, but this time I didn’t stop there. I kissed both of her cheekbones, licked her neck and planted a kiss there too. I could feel her melting from the inside out. She rested her hands on the bed while I took complete control. She reassured me with her eyes and her subtle moans that she wanted to stay in this moment with me, so I kept going. I removed her shirt, unhooked her bra and kissed her shoulder blade, one by one. I laid her back on the bed, unbuttoned her jeans and removed them. I removed my clothes as well. She laid there, in nothing but her underwear, blue boy shorts and I stood before her in my black briefs, my dick felt like he was screaming to be set free.
Shereé looked at me, licked her lips and motioned for me to come to her. I grabbed her by both thighs, pulled her closer to me, opened her wide, inhaled the scent of her sweet spot. Heaven. I didn’t waste any time tasting her. She had the sweetest peach I’d ever encountered. So sticky, wet, sweet. I licked and sucked her peach. Spent some time whispering good nothings to her clitoris. She moaned in unison with the hook from the song playing in the background. Jill Scott’s “He Loves Me” while she rubbed on my ears. That was my spot, like the play button on a video game system. She sounded as amazing as she tasted. I provoked her to repetitious orgasms. Her orgasms were soft, almost peaceful. I licked her up to her belly button as she sat up on the bed, pulling me closer to her. One hand on each side of my waist, she removed my briefs and signed the freedom papers to my dick. The moment she placed it in her mouth was the moment I realized that freedom was indeed a blessing. 
She started at the tip and worked her way down to my shaft, her left hand twisting up and down my dick while her right hand massaged the pot of gold hanging below. She took so much of me, so much at once, my head fell back, and I let out a moan that came from the pit of my stomach. It was loud, thunderous, necessary. 
The louder I moaned, the more she’d insert her own moans. The heat from her mouth rising and falling all over my dick was mesmerizing. So much rain fell from her lips and all over down my dick. I could feel my knees getting weak, but I wouldn’t let this be the end of me, not right here, not without what we both wanted. 
I gently pulled her back by her hair, laid her back on the bed again, spread her legs, let that sweet spot of hers see me again. It glistened. I quickly grabbed a condom, put it on and entered inside her. The way her mouth fell open and the moans that came afterwards, made me push in and out of her sweet spot slow and steady, then we rocked steady. I loved the way she received me. Every time I pushed in, I could feel her tightening around my dick. She wanted me to stay inside, wanted me to make her cum again and again, but I was afraid that I would cum. I wanted to savor this moment.  
“Mase…”
“Ré…”
“Stop.”
“Stop…?”
“Yeah, stop…don’t pull out, just stop. You feel that?”
“The throbbing?”
“Yeah…you’re throbbing to the beat of the base line.”
“Always on beat, huh.”
“Always.”
“Can I go back to pleasing you, Miss Attention to Detail?”
She laughed, nodded, kissed my lips and I stroked her sweet spot long and hard. It was still too early to cum, so I asked her to turn over, her sweet spot glistening even more from the back. Lock and key, I stroked her gently and she met every stroke. I stimulated her clitoris with my right hand, while my left hand on her waist, stroking inside her walls. The strokes got more intense, so intense, I knew this was the last level in this game of give and take for tonight.
“Are you okay?” I asked. She moaned, said it hurt, said it was pleasurable pain, but told me not to stop, so I obliged. I turned her back over, back into Missionary, the position of submission, wrapped her legs around my body, both her hands cupped behind my head. I met her, eye to eye, lips to lips. Gave her my tongue over and over again, while I stroked her until we both came. I loved the way she relieved me. There was so much heat between us, so many needs being met in that moment, so many obligations being fulfilled. I laid my head on her stomach, caressing her body while she ran her fingers up and down my head. 
“Wow”, she whispered.
“Did I do something wrong. Ré?”
“No, Mase. You did everything right. I feel so…light. I don’t think I’ll ever forget this night.”
“I don’t plan on letting you forget. You’re with me now.”
“You keep saying that.”
“I mean it.”
“I’ll hold you to it.”
“As long as you’ve known me, Ré. I’ve always been about my word.”
“I know. I trust you.”
We lay in the bed, drenched in each other’s sweat, naked like the day we came into this world, free of sewn together cotton pieces and elastic bands on the slightly damp bedsheets, listening to the rhythm of each other’s heartbeats and breathing patterns. She was the two and I became the four. Two and four. Not a one and a three. Whole notes, one after the other. Shereé glanced over at the clock on the nightstand. 10:41p.m. She continued to rub my head softly, completely enveloped in the moment before she motioned for me to get up. I didn’t want to move. I didn’t want her to move either. I didn’t want her to leave.   
“Work…I almost forgot about work.”
“Can you stay the night and go to work from here in the morning?”
“I wish I could. I didn’t bring a change of clothes with me.”
“You could still stay, lay here with me, rest with me and then go home in the morning and get ready for work.”
“I can’t do that, Mase. It’s late and I didn’t plan for a slumber party.”
“Next time?”
She nodded. “Next time.”
I watched Shereé walk into the master bathroom and close the door. 
“Towels are to the right.”
“Thanks for the reference…but don’t move until I come back.”
She took her time, cleaning up the residue from our session off her body. She came back into the bedroom with a hot towel in her hand. She cleaned me, touched my dick and my pot of gold, wiped all of me clean and draped the towel on the side of the bathroom sink. 
I watched her get dressed. I put my briefs back on. I walked her to the door where she put her shoes back on, grabbed her purse and keys.
“Next time?” I said.
“Next time, Mase.”
She hugged me, hugged me tightly and we shared a kiss.
“Let me know when you get home.”
“I will.”
I watched her walk out to her car, hit the key fob and the headlights illuminated. She opened the door, threw her purse inside, got in and closed the door. I stood there, watching as she turned the engine on, pulled out of my driveway and left Wynlakes. I wondered if my neighbors could here us making music from inside these walls. I wondered what their faces would look like in the morning when they saw me. I decided I’d deal with it if it showed up the next day. I was too drained to keep wondering so I wondered back to my room, showered and went to bed. 


Scene 7

Melody rang my phone. It was Friday. I had just spent the last three weeks with Shereé, taking her out to lunch…dinner…movies. We even went on a late-night cruise on the Harriott II Riverboat downtown. The time I spent with Shereé was amazing, but in the back of mind, Melody was becoming a distant lover. I sat in my usual booth, alone, at Reset. I hadn’t heard from her in three weeks. I could hardly hear her, there was so much noise in my background so I told her to text me instead. I was sitting there, thinking, enjoying my drink and my cigar. The cigar smoke mixed in with the smoke from the bar was thick and it smelled rustic. It resembled the old country woods and broken picnic tables down in Snowden on a Sunday afternoon. 
I’d drank three glasses of Whiskey by the time I finally got a text from Melody. It was late, as usual, and she wanted me…after midnight. This was around the time she would want me. After a few weeks of silence, she’d show up, no explanation, with wants and desires.
I desired her too, wanted to dwell in her brook, where Rose lived…her Rose garden. I could feel him stirring up inside me. My father. The whiskey was slurring my speech a little, but I was alert. I was always alert, but it was his time to shine. Melody wanted it that way anyways. Her message popped up on my phone again. I looked at it. Made her wait a few more minutes before I responded, took another sip of Whiskey and another pull from cigar, blew the smoke out of my mouth. Made a few circles, took a deep breath and replied.
“Lady Melody…”
“Mason, what took you so long?”
“I had to finish my drink.”
“Where are you?”
“Reset.”
“I want you.”
“What time?”
“Now.”
I sat there, watching people move their bodies on the dance floor, all in the mirror, watching their inebriated reflections. I watched women dance on top of the booths, on the steps, holding on to the chairs from their tables while their male counterparts stood in amazement, watching too. The DJ had a nice groove going on. People were still coming through the door. Probably coming from another club. Club hoppers. Paid the cover charge. Came in, didn’t start no shit. Thirty minutes passed. Jasmine came by my booth.
“Mason, you want another drink?”
“No, Jasmine. I think I’ve had enough for tonight.”
“You sure?”
“Not really. Bring me one more…and make it a stiff one.”
“That kind of night, huh? A stiff one coming up.”
This last drink would give me the liquid courage to make Melody sing my name and she would, without hesitation. 
“Here’s your drink. Enjoy the rest of your night.” Jasmine said, as she sat my drink on the table. 
I stared at it for a moment. It stared back. I tossed the straw out of the glass and took it all down in one swig. The glass was empty and his reflection stared back at me. A crooked reflection. I knew it was him and I knew it was time to leave Reset. I left Jasmine’s tip on the table, put out my cigar. Marcus grabbed my arm on the way out, asked if I needed help to get to my car. I guess I was stumbling a little bit. I stood up, smoothed out my shirt and said no. I walked outside, found my car and drove off.
I found myself sitting in Melody’s driveway, car in park, engine still running, my mind running even faster. Should I go in, pin her down to the bed, fill my mouth with Rose water, make her cum hard enough to measure a 6.2 on the Richter scale and leave? I could, but I’d want more. I always wanted more of Rose.
She came to the door, porch light out, standing there. No robe. No clothing. Standing and waiting. I turned the car off and walked to the door. It felt like I was moving in slow motion. Feet going before the rest of my body could catch up. 
“Mason, why are you just sitting out here?”
“I was coming inside.”
“Were you?”
“I was.”
She turned around, left the door opened behind her, walking towards her bedroom. I managed to make my way inside and locked the door. I could see her silhouette swaying down the hall, summoning me to make my way down the hall, too. 
“It took you long enough to get here. I hate when you make me wait. Rose hates it.”
“But you don’t hate it, Mel...and Rose…Rose is patient with me.”
“Patient, huh?”
She grabbed my hand, put it between her legs and Rose dripped all over it. 
“Does that feel like she’s patient with you?”
“Sweet Rose. She always knows how to greet me.”
“Well, don’t be rude. Acknowledge her.” Melody replied as she lay back on the bed. Her thighs spread like hot butter on freshly baked cornbread. Her nipples gazing, waiting to be acknowledged too. Rose had priority. Before I knew it, I was naked…tending to Rose, letting her know that she’d always be my first choice. Then, I catered to her nipples, let the heat from my whiskey coated mouth make them melt in my mouth like ice on the pavement in the summertime. Melody let me live inside her Rose garden until she could cum no more. We were both drenched in sweat, panting like two lions in the heat of the pride lands. 
I laid on my back, partially covered by a disheveled sheet. She rolled over, lit a nicely rolled blunt. We both took turns. She’d puff and pass. I’d do the same. No talking, no music. Intoxicated by the green and the sex. We did that until we were left with nothing.  I wanted to tell her that I loved her, but she was already turned over on her side and had gone to sleep. I laid there for a while, thinking about Shereé. I missed her. Everything in me wanted to be with her. Ironic. I was lying next to my Lady Mel and missing my Baby Shereé. I loved her too.
The next morning, I got up before Lady Mel, found my pants in the hallway, my shirt tossed in a corner of her bedroom. I got dressed and went back to my own house. I showered, thought about Shereé…thought about Melody, thought about Shereé some more.  I thought about telling Melody about Shereé. She wouldn’t care. As long as I showed up to her house when she wanted me, she was fair game. She knew the life I lived. Hell, she lived it too. I got out, ran a few errands around town while I had the time. Went over to the Air Base to pick up some cigars and whiskey. I stopped by the Walmart on Ann. Street, filled my gas tank at the Pace Car that sold pizza before going into the T-Mobile store to get a new privacy screen for my phone. 
The city was beautiful in the day time, especially on the weekend. Bright sun, school aged girls standing on the corners holding signs for $5 car wash fundraisers. At the light was a guy holding a sign. He appeared to be homeless, but everybody in the city knew he had a car, a house and a family. I guess he figured he could cheat the system, make a few quick bucks by standing on the corner, but MPD had another solution for him. I saw an officer pull up on him, get out the car and ask him a few questions. As the light turned green, the officer had him in cuffs, placing him the back of his police car. Another scam artist.   
I went by the Whole Foods off Taylor Road to get some rice cakes and natural soap for my skin before I made it back home. I checked my mail. Nothing but political solicitations and grocery store sales papers. Trash. The midterm elections were coming up and I already knew who I was voting into officer for Mayor. 
I took my bags, cigars and whiskey into the house and started working on some pending plans I had to get approved for a client. He wanted to me move some rooms around, make door spaces larger so that furniture could be moved in and out with ease. I called my client on FaceTime so he could see what I had so far. I worked on the measurements, drew up new, revised plans for him. We worked tirelessly for a few hours to get it exactly how he pictured it. We ended the FaceTime after setting the date and time for our next meeting. I decided to take a nap because I knew I was going to Reset later. 
When I woke up, I took another shower and got dressed, put two cigars in my cigar case and placed it inside my coat pocket. I walked around the house, turned off all the lights, grabbed my keys and phone and headed to Reset. As soon as I pulled in, you could hear the music in the parking lot. I had no idea what the theme was for the night, but whatever Marcus had going on, it had to be big. After I was pat down by Travis, he let me through the doors. It was crowded, way more than usual. Must have been an all class reunion crown. Had to be. I went straight to my booth. Jasmine came right over, asked for my order and left. I saw that Marsh was back in the club again, standing at the bar. I waved him over to my booth. 
“Mannn, you back again?”
“Yeah, man. I had to come through here tonight. Carver All Class Reunion. You know I couldn’t let my people show up and I not show up, ya fell me?”
“That’s why it’s so many niggas and not enough women in here.”
“Aye, don’t come for my school, bruh. You know we the best.”
“Second best.”
“Where the lil baby at that was here with you the last time I saw you?”
“Shereé?”
“Yeah, her.”
“Probably at home.”
“Oh okay. What about the big baby…um, Melody?”
“I was with her last night.” 
“Man… what I would give to be in your shoes.”
“These shoes are hard to walk in these days.”
“What you mean by that, Mase?”
“I don’t know which one I wanna be with…you know, primarily?”
“So you mean to tell me, you got two ladies, both are sexy as fuck, got good ass jobs and you don’t know which one to be with?”
“That’s what I’m saying.”
“Nigga are you serious? Choose? What the fuck for?”
“There ain’t no way to choose, Marsh.”
“Nah…but, I thought you were in love with that polydextrious shit.”
“It’s polyamorous, man.” I shook my head.
“That’s what I said.”
“It works for me, but only when the women I deal with know about each other and they cool with it.”
“So, big baby and the new baby don’t know about each other is what you saying?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
“You fucking up, fam. No disrespect, but that’s fucked up.”
“Marsh, man, you gotta understand something.”
“Enlighten me, nigga.”
“Melody is a dream, man. She’s beautiful, curvy like I like them. She’s confident as fuck. Most BBW’s ain’t like that. She speaks her mind and she’s aggressive. She likes the part of me that’s like my father…the alcoholic, the smoker, but I love her.”
“Okay, well what about the new baby?”
“Shereé…man, Shereé is hard to describe in words. Shereé pours me. She’s like a hard bass line under some dope ass lyrics. She’s strong, but meek. She lets me be me and I can let my guard down with her. She’s…just different and…I’m falling in love with her too.”
“So, you got the best of both worlds, man.”
“Yeah, but when the worlds collide, without notice, all this shit goes down.”
“Well give notice, then.”
“I don’t think Shereé will be down with that. Melody… ain’t shit she ain’t down with.”
“You either gon’ be honest and upfront with the both of them, so yall can work this polyamority shit out, or you gon’ have to cut somebody off and count ya’ loss.”
“It’s Po-ly-am-or-ous, Marsh. Sound that shit out.”
“Aye, nigga that’s what the fuck I said…shit!” 
“But…it’s hard to cut Melody off, even though I know she got a few somebody else’s on the side, too. She got the best head in the game…and Shereé…man, it’s like, when I’m inside her, it feels like the first time with her all over again.”
“Man…say less.”
“I’m just saying…shit is complicated.”
“Yeah, well. I hope you figure this shit out. I gotta go back up to the front. Get up with me later.”
Marsh grabbed his drink from the table and headed back to his booth near the DJ. I sat there, drinking and smoking my cigar, eyeing the ash on the end of it. If Marsh was right, the only thing left to do was to tell Shereé about Melody.  I pulled out my phone, stared at her number. Should I call? A text would be impassive as hell. I needed to see her face, see her emotions in action and whatever the outcome is, I’d have to deal with it head on. I looked up, into the crown of people standing in front of my booth and saw her. It was Shereé coming through the door. Black dress, black open toe heels, hair pulled into a bun. Long diamond earrings dripping from her ears. Red lips. We locked eyes. She smiled and came my way. I came down, helped her into the booth. She sat down, crossed her legs, put her purse next to her on the seat and ordered a Long Island Iced Tea.
“Ré…what are you doing here?”
“I knew you’d be here.”
“You don’t like clubs, Ré.”
“I don’t, but I wanted to see you.”
“You look amazing.”
“Thank you, Mase.”
“Shereé…”
“Yes.”
“There’s something I wanted to talk to you about.”
“Can it wait?”
“Not really.”
She moved closer to me, ran her hand down the front of my shirt and rested it on my belt buckle. A different waitress brought her drink to the booth this time. She sat back and sipped her tea, swaying back and forth to the music. 
“What is it that’s so important that you have to talk to me about it here?”
“Us.”
“What about us, Mase?” Shereé asked, as she stood up and danced to the beat of the song. I wanted to say more, but she was so damn perfect in this moment. I didn’t want it to change. She sat down after the song changed and ordered another drink. 
“That song was a throwback. Made me feel like I was back in high school.”
“Yeah, it was.”
“So, back to what you were saying. What about us?”
“I never thought I’d never get the chance to be with you again...like this.”
“Okay...”
“And, I never thought I’d fall in love with you.”
“I love you too, Mase…but,”
“But, there’s something about me that you may not understand.”
“I’m sure I would, Mase. What is it?”
“Can we talk outside, alone?”
The music was so loud, people were crowding around the bar ordering drinks, hookahs going from left to right. Reset wasn’t the place to tell her about Melody and the mood wasn’t right either.
“But, I’m not ready to leave yet.”
She had finished her second drink and was getting ready to order a third. 
“Ré… you sure you want to order another one?”
“I’m with you, right?”
“Always.”
“Well, I’ll be fine then.” 
The music slowed down, the ambiance in Reset gradually changed. It was like a 90’s house party scene in slow motion. Shereé sat in my lap, took my hands and placed one on each of her thighs. I rested my head on her back. Her perfume was appetizing. I rubbed and squeezed her thighs as she rested the back of her head on my shoulder. She smelled so good. I kissed her neck, ran my tongue up and down the side of her face and neck. She kissed my lips. 
Her eyes told me why she really came to Reset. She wanted me and I wouldn’t resist her. The club was so crowded, nobody paid us any attention. Slowly, I moved my hands from her thighs, up to her waist and then to the back of her dress, shifting it up discreetly. No panties. No boy shorts. Nothing. She reached back, unbuckled my belt and unzipped my pants, exposing my dick. She grinded against me and slowly let me enter inside her sweet spot.
I buried my head in her back as moans escaped my lips. Her perfume was an aphrodisiac and her sweet spot was my weakness. I held on to her waist, assisted her while she road my dick with a purpose. I couldn’t hear her moan, but I felt her breathing in and out, felting her panting. She moved faster and then slowed down, staying on beat with the music. She grabbed my hand and squeezed it. She was cumming. I felt her rain down all over me. I wasn’t finished and she wasn’t either. She kept riding and I kept stroking her sweet spot. So wet, so warm inside her. We did this dance together, strategically, spiritually. Everyone in the room seemed to disappear as we came closer to climax. I moaned so loud, squeezed her thighs, pushed far inside her sweet spot. Released myself. She trembled and covered me with her stickiness. She sat there for a few seconds, adjusting herself. We both looked around. No one cared what was going on in my booth. She slowly moved back to her seat, while I put myself back together. She looked at me. I looked at her. She smiled and took a sip from her drink.
“Now, what was it that we needed to talk about outside, alone?”
I was speechless but still sober. It’s always the quiet ones that make the most noise behind closed doors. In this case, Shereé was a HBCU band, The Alabama State University during homecoming, at Reset. My quiet storm. Melody would never be so risky with me, especially not in public. 
“Mase…”
“Ré…”
“Do we still need to talk?”
“No…not tonight.”
“Good then.”
She looked at her watch, grabbed her purse, leaned in and then kissed me again.
“You leaving?”
“Of course. Church tomorrow…you know that.”
“Are you okay to drive?”
“I’ll be fine, Mase.”  She nodded. “Call me tomorrow evening.”
“Tomorrow evening.”
I helped her out of the booth and watched as she disappeared in the crowd of people and out of the door. I sat there, in the booth, as the smoke on my cigar was still brewing, the fire was still hot on the end and my drink was still sitting there, waiting for me. I wondered what kind of prayer she would pray in church tomorrow that would cleanse us of what we just did in Reset. I prayed that whatever it was, it would help me to tell her about Melody.
Sunday came and went. I never got around to calling Shereé. My hangover took over. I slept the day away. No noise. No whiskey. Just rest. When I woke up Monday morning, I had 20 missed calls, an equal number of voicemails, 33 text messages and a near death phone battery. It was still early in the morning. The birds were still chirping, school buses were making stops and the air pressure from the brakes were loud. I grabbed my wireless charger and let the phone charge so I could listen to the voicemails while I washed my face and brushed my teeth. Old clients wanting new work done, new clients making changes, Marcus checking to see if I got home straight. Mom said I forgot to come by and put up the new paintings I bought her. Melody wanted to know what happened to me coming by her place after I left Reset… and Shereé. Shereé was ready to talk.
I shaved, cleaned up my facial hair a little bit, hopped in the shower and started my day of work. I called Shereé, but she didn’t answer. I knew she wouldn’t. It was Monday and she was at work too, so I left a message asking if she’d come by the house after she left work for the day. 
Melody didn’t have access to her phone during the day. Nurses didn’t have down time, so I texted her instead. Apologized and asked for an opportunity to make it up to her and Rose. I finished up work early. Getting out of downtown was horrible. The traffic never let up, but I managed to get to the interstate. I cruised it at 55, never switched a lane until I made it home, hoping that Shereé would take up my offer and come by.
By the time I finished cleaning up the mess I made over the weekend, there was a ring at my door. It was Shereé. I opened the door and she came in.
“What happened to you yesterday?” She shook her head. “You were supposed to call me.”
“Reset happened, Ré. I don’t even know how I made it home Saturday night. I didn’t wake up until this morning.”
“You drank too much.”
“I know, Ré…I know.”
We went into the living room and sat down on the sofa.
“So, what is it? What do you have to tell me?”
“Remember the other night, I told you that there is something that you might not understand about me?”
“Yes, I remember.”
“Ré, I love you… but I’m also in love with somebody else. She doesn’t take me away from you, but she shares me with you.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I live a polyamorous lifestyle, Re.”
“So, what you’re saying is, I’m not enough for you?”
“That’s not what I’m saying.” I shook my head.
“Well, what the hell are you saying, Mase, cause that’s what it sounds like.”
“What I am trying to say is, I give my love to more than one person, but that doesn’t mean that you’re not enough for me. This is what works for me and everybody that’s involved benefits from it.”
“Who is she, Mase?”
“Her name…is Melody.”
“Who else?”
“That’s it…just you and Mel.”
“I don’t believe you. I can’t believe you.”
“I just told you. There is no one else. Just the two of you.”
“I can’t believe I let my guard down and let you manipulate me into thinking that you were all about me…that you were with me. Isn’t that what you said?”
“I did and I still mean it. You’re with me.”
“I don’t believe you. I’ve never had to share anybody I’ve been with before and I shouldn’t have to share you. I deserve to have you to myself. That’s how it’s supposed to be. You and me.”
“But that doesn’t work for me, Ré. I’ve tried it and it never makes me happy.” I took her hand, held it inside mine. “This…us and Mel. This is what makes me happy.”
She stood up, water welling up in her eyes, with her keys in her hand and walked to the front door. She stood there for a minute, wiping away tears. She wouldn’t even turn around to face me. She went out the door, got in her car and left. I knew this would happen. Marsh even said it would, I just thought that Ré would be more open. I sat at the bar in the kitchen, lit a cigar and smoked until there was nothing left, constantly thinking about Shereé. 


Scene 8

A week had gone by and Shereé hadn’t returned any of my calls or texts. I wanted to go by her office, take her some flowers and kiss her to let her know I still wanted to be with her. She was still with me. I wanted to, but I knew she wouldn’t want to see me, so I left her alone. I gave her space. A part of me wished I had never told her about Melody, the way I viewed relationships and what makes me happy, but she was a piece of that happiness for me, just not the complete package. 
Every night for a week, I found myself back at Reset, sitting in the booth, having convoluted conversations with my drink…my father…me. Listening to the music, watching the people come in, happy and drunk, leaving with whoever had the ride to the next club. It seemed like every night I was there, every swallow of whiskey I had taken in, every puff on my cigar, I found myself at Melody’s house…drunk, just the way she wanted me.
I loved Melody, but I think she loved the dysfunctional part of me instead of loving me. That’s where Shereé balanced things out. She was with me, not the drink me. Me. Mason Koleman. The more I tried to justify my reason for not telling her in the beginning, the more I found myself, sitting by myself, in Reset with this whiskey.
I went in the door after being searched by Travis and went to the bar. I wore a crisp, navy-blue button down, black pants and black shoes. Jasmine wasn’t working tonight, so I asked Kecia, with the long braids, to pour me two glasses of Jameson and a Long Island Iced Tea and bring them to my booth. I left a tip on the counter and walked away. The tea was for Shereé, even though I knew she wouldn’t come back in here looking for me. I needed something to remind me of her. I wanted to be so close to her, smell her skin, kiss her fingertips. She was still with me. 
Kecia, and her long braids, brought the drinks over to my booth. I watched her swing her braids to the left, turn and go back to the bar. I lit my hand rolled cigar, slowly inhaled the sweet, smooth taste. I smoked my Hiram & Solomon while I downed the two glasses of Jameson. All I had left was a glass of sweet, spiked tea. A damn Long Island. 
Hours had passed. My phone lit up. A text message. The blue bubble. It was Melody. She wanted to stay the night at my place. A change of scenery, she said. I responded back, told I’d come get her and to make sure she had her little red bag packed. The one with the silver and black tassels hanging from the zipper. I was down for it. I sent the white bubble response back and finished my Long Island. “I see why Shereé liked this. It’s pretty damn good.” I nodded to myself. I scanned the room, nothing but people, tipsy people, skeptical people, my people filled the danced floor. I looked at my cigar. There was nothing left but grey ash and a little brown tip sitting in the tray. 
I had nothing left to smoke, no more to drink and it was time to leave. Shereé didn’t’ show up. I placed a folded twenty-dollar bill on the table and left the Lounge, cruising out of the parking lot. I headed straight to Melody’s humble abode. When I turned into Young Farm, there was a MPD car sitting at the entrance with its lights off. The officer was only there for one of two reasons: to scare off the young thieves or he was taking a nap on the clock. Either way, I stayed out of his way and kept going until I pulled into Melody’s driveway. 
She had the blinds open and the lights on in her living room. The glare from my headlights went across the front of her house and inside the blinds. Before I could text her that I was outside, she was shutting down her lights and closing the blinds, setting her house alarm, walking out, red bag in her left hand and her gold purse across her shoulder. She locked her door, got in the car and we headed to my house, her guest humble abode for the night. We took the back road from her house to Eastern Boulevard, hit I-85 North and cruised.
“You smell like Hypnôse and Whiskey.”
I nodded. “That’s what you like, right?”
“You know me so well, baby.”
“I know I do.”
“How many glasses you have tonight?”
“Just two…and a Long Island.”
“Long Island? That’s different. What made you want to drink that?”
“Shereé.”
“Who’s Shereé?”
“I met someone…a few months ago.”
“Met someone?”
“Yeah, someone. I’ve known her for years. Ran into her a few months ago. Things happened. You would’ve liked her.”
“What happened to her, Mason? What did you do?”
“I told her about you.”
“She’s never been introduced to your lifestyle, huh?”
“No.”
“I like her name. Sounds sexy.”
“I liked her.”
“You did more than like her, Mason. I know you. You fell in love with her, didn’t you?”
I nodded. “Did.” 
Traffic was light. There was hardly anybody on the road. I saw my exit coming up. Exit 9. I put on my turn signal, moved into the right lane and exited I-85 North.
“Damn, Mason.”
“I know, Mel. You ain’t gotta say it.”
“You fucked this one up, baby.”
“I know.”
“Did you try and explain it to her? Tell her what makes you happy? What makes you tick?”
“I did…but, I waited too late. Should have told her in the beginning.”
“You could’ve, at least, given her that much…given her a choice.”
I nodded again. The traffic lights were flashing. The roads were clear. A police car here and there. The lights from East Chase Mall shined from the left and the lights from Whole Foods shined from the right. We breezed right through the blinking yellow lights. When we got to my house, Melody and I sat in the car for a minute. She stroked my hand, caressed my face, kissed my lips. She just wanted the Jameson off my tongue and inside her mouth…her Rose. 
“Come here.” I motioned to her. I grabbed her chin, pulled her to my chin, kissed her deep enough that she would taste the Long Island. 
“That was a sweet one, Mason. I can taste the Long Island on your lips.”
I nodded. “Yep.”
“She’s sophisticated too.”
I nodded again. “Yep.”
I took the keys from the ignition, grabbed Melody’s red bag with the silver and black tassels, carried it inside while she followed behind me with her gold purse. I hit my car lock three times, just to make sure the alarm was activated, closed the house door behind us and locked it. Melody went to my bedroom. I dropped my keys on the kitchen counter, looked over into the living room where Shereé and I had our last conversation. I went into the kitchen, poured myself a glass of Jameson. Number three for the night. Downed it one swig. It was a soothing burn to my chest.
“Mason…” Melody called out to me. “I’m alone in here.”
I put my glass down on the counter next to the bottle of Jameson and went into the bedroom with Melody. She was laid out on the bed, covered a long, red silk robe with feathers on the end of the sleeves and the hem. It was open and she was ready. 
“Rose misses you. Talk to her. Tell her you miss her too.”
I could feel him coming alive. My intoxicated shadow. My father. It was his time to shine for Rose. I was at the height of my intoxication for Melody. Incoherent and hard. I took off my shirt, pants and shoes. I touched her right thigh, then her left thigh. They were warm. The doors to Rose were open and by the glistening of her lips, she was already wet and waiting. I touched Rose. Her stickiness covered my index and pointer fingers. I put my fingers in my mouth. Honey. Rose and I had a long conversation. Melody traded moans with me. Pushed me away and called me back for more in the same moan. So much heat, so much wetness. I was the lifeguard on duty. I was certified. I rescued her orgasms four times before she couldn’t take anymore. I made her feel my presence without giving her my sex.
While Melody went to take a shower, I went into one of my guest bathrooms, washed my hands, washed my face. He was still there, staring back at me. The enemy in my drink was him and he’d won for the night. Again. I went back to my bedroom, grabbed my cell phone from my pants pocket. It was two in the morning. Melody emerged from the bathroom, in a pair of red boy shorts and a tank top…no bra. She reached inside her gold purse, pulled out a freshly rolled stress reliever. She lay back in the bed, this time, under the duvet, puffed, puffed and passed it to me as I walked to the other side of the bed, joining her under the duvet. 
We smoked and blew O’s in the air until we didn’t have anything left to make a letter with. I could hear the sound of rain from outside. It was tapping on my bedroom windows. Melody had fallen asleep, so I turned over on my side and went to sleep too.   
Hours later, I heard the doorbell ringing from the back of the house. I looked at my phone. 6:23 am. It was too early in the morning for Jehovah’s Witness to be at my door. I didn’t want to be a witness. I didn’t want them to witness me opening my door with a 45 in my hand either, so I laid there hoping the ringing would stop…the ringing at the door and the ringing between my ears. My hangover was just settling in, wrapping itself in a warm blanket, getting comfortable. 
I needed to stay sleep, but I couldn’t. The ringing just wouldn’t stop so I got up, wanted to ask them if Jehovah was supposed to be this rude. I looked out the side window. There was only one person outside. It was Shereé. I thought it was the hangover messing with my eyes, so I looked again. She was still standing there…waiting. I opened the door, with my black boxer briefs and black t shirt on, I opened my front door for her. She stood there, with her umbrella in one hand and her car keys dangling from her other hand. 
“Shereé, what are you doing here…so early?”
“I’m sorry, Mase. I thought about calling, but I wanted to see your face.”
“Come in. I don’t want you to get sick. I can’t believe it’s still raining outside.”
Shereé came in, put her umbrella down next to the door. I locked my door back and we went into the living room to sit and talk. My head was pounding, but my heart was beating even faster.
“I thought about going back to Reset, hoping you’d be there, but I couldn’t.”
“I’m glad you came by.”
“Me too.”
“What’s on your mind, Ré?”
“I came by because I thought about what you said…the last time I was here.”
“About what I said?”
“Yes. I realized something.”
“What’s that?”
“I realized, Mase, that I can’t expect you to give me something that I can’t give to you.”
“Explain.”
“You live this life that I’ve never thought about before…never experienced because we’ve been taught that its always one man, one woman. That’s it.”
“But, that’s not always the case, Ré.”
“I know that now, Mase. I expected you to love me unconditionally, but when you told me about what makes you happy, I couldn’t see it as an unconditional love for me, but now I do.”
“What are you saying, Ré?”
“I’m saying, if that’s what makes you happy, Mase, then I can’t stop you from being happy. I can’t put conditions on the love that I give to you because your love for me is unconditional. It’s not fair to you.”
“Are you saying you’re still with me Ré?”
“I’m still with you, even if it means sharing you with someone else. I don’t know how this work and I don’t know how to do that…share you…but I’m willing to try.”
I couldn’t wait for the headache to go away, for the hangover to hang up and end the call inside my head. I had to kiss her, feel her lips touch mine. I heard footsteps coming from the back of the house. I forgot Melody was here. She came walking towards the front of the house, into the living room, in her red boy shorts and tank top…no bra. Shereé stood up and so did I. 
“I heard you talking out here, Mason. It’s really early.”
“I’m sorry.” Shereé whispered. “I didn’t mean to wake you…or interrupt anything. I’m so sorry, Mase.”
“No, Ré. It’s fine. Really.”
“Is this her?” Melody asked.
“Yeah. This is her.” I replied.
Melody walked up to Shereé, ran her fingers down the side of her face.  Shereé shied back.
“She’s beautiful, Mason. A little smaller than I imagined, but you like what you like.”
“Re, this is Melody.”
“You don’t have to be shy, Shereé. I won’t bite…too hard.” Melody replied. She snickered devilishly. 
She licked her lips walked over to me and kissed mine, licked the side of my face, kissed my neck. Shereé just stood there, watching me, watching Melody do things to me that she had done before. 
“Mase…I don’t know how I fit in to all of this. I don’t know if I like this. I’ve never been involved with anything like…this.” 
Melody looked at Shereé, smiled at her, reached out and grabbed her hand. She kissed Shereé’s lips, intensely. That was not a part of the deal, but I didn’t stop her. Melody was not the woman you would tell no. So, I stood there, without words…watching…listening. 
“You don’t know what you don’t like, Re, until you try it.” Melody said. 
Shereé nodded.
The rain outside had stopped. 
The sun was still sleep, but the rain…the rain left a calmness at my house. No Jehovah Witness could ever impart this kind of calmness. Couldn’t teach me through a pamphlet or at a service. I took a seat at the bar in my kitchen. The bottle of Jameson and my empty glass was still sitting there. I poured myself a glass and watched as Mel, her long, wine-red tipped locs and Ré made their way down the hall to my bedroom.
The rain had stopped. No more droplets of water hitting my windows. The bedroom door closed.
I poured. 


About Racq Symphony
A native of Montgomery, Alabama, Shakita Racquel Dixon was born in 1984. In middle school, she developed a passion for writing short stories, screen plays and books. While in high school, she put down her gift of writing to raise her daughter. She moved to Florida to go to college soon after high school. She obtained several degrees and certifications, none of which satisfied her writing thirst. In late 2015, Shakita regained her passion for writing and paired it with her love for music. Through both music and writing, she went on to publish her first four novellas and creating Racq Symphony Publishing, LLC.
Other books Published by 
Racq Symphony
- Love’s Abyss
- Resurrected Promises- The sequel to Love’s Abyss
- It was all a Dream-The sequel to Resurrected Promises
- Illuminated Aftermath
- Deep Water
- In Deep
- The Hunching Anthology
Connect with Racq Symphony
Website: www.racqsymphony.com 
Facebook: www.facebook.com/racqsymphony 
Twitter: www.twitter.com/racq_symphony 
Email: RacqSymphony@gmail.com

